This review is strictly for the lounge/bar area.
I loved the ambiance and decor here, with the balcony overlooking the casino and the changing color lights.
Super soft leather seating and of course pricy ass drinks.
But boogey enough that I was impressed since this was indeed Vegas!

Went to Koi in July.
Just realized I didn't write a review.
I wanted to eat at the Sushi bar, unfortunately it is not wheelchair accessible, so I ate in the main dining area.
My server was very nice and apologetic about it.I ordered Sushi anyway.
My standard Salmon and Eel.
It was very good, but much smaller portions than at Simon.
I also ordered the Sunset roll, which was Eel an cucumber inside with Avocado and special sauce on top.
Another very good dish.
I had a Sake flight with my food.
This is a very nice way to try several types without sliding out of my chair!
I wish it was more wheelchair accessible, but I did enjoy the food and I am going back in a couple weeks to give it another try!
Probably more like 3 1/2 stars.

Went back on my most recent Las Vegas trip.
We had early reservations before the STOMP Show.
We arrived a little early (just after 5 PM) and found out they had "happy hour" in the lounge.
So we sat down and started ordering.
I ordered a Sake flight called "Enlightenment" and my friend ordered a "Sakerita".
Both were very good.
After some Edamame and some Chicken Yakitori the Hostess came to take us to our table.
We were so comfortable in the lounge we asked if we could just stay in the lounge.
Our hostess said it was no problem.
We then ordered some Sushi (Salmon and Eel), a Baked Crab Roll and Braised Short Ribs.
Everything was very well done and the lounge was a fun relaxed environment .
I think it is actually a better way to go than the main dining room.
I am increasing my review to 4 Stars.

Drinks and Hot female dancers....AWESOME!!!
Really the girls here are pretty and have good rhythym from what I remember and the drinks were strong!!
the loungeyness of this place is really appealing and I liked it here.
The decor is nice and the staff was friendly.
I wouldn't go out of my way to get here but if you are in PH then definitely check it out....  just do not get lost in the business center right outside of here...trust me that was horrid...

This review is for the happy hour that 10P-12A and is served in the bar lounge area.
There were plenty of seats with tables that fit our group of 9.
Half off appetizers and drinks.
Not bad, but the prices were high to start with, so drinks were about $7 and app's were about $7-$9 depending on what you got.
We wanted a light meal so we got the tuna on rice toast, cali roll, and edamame.
I had the Asian Pear Martini (it was okay) and the Mister had the Raspberry Mojito (it was not bad).
I really liked the loungy feel of the place and the bar area overlooks the PH casino.
The crowd was mixed and both dressed up and business casual.
Best of all, there was a go-go dancer doing her thang while we enjoyed our food and drinks.
Only in Vegas!
I wished they had more spots like these for happy hour in LA!
It is a good spot to chill before hitting the clubs.

Would steer clear, went to the bar for drinks and out of 4 drinks we ordered, only one was correct.
Really lousy bartender!
Also we sat in lounge and there were several 'girlfriend experiences' going on...Ick!
I'll never go back.

This review is for the lounge at night.
My friends and I got a pretty cool deal.
It was $20 each for all males and females in our group, and females had open bar.
I've never heard of such a deal for open bar in Vegas or anywhere for that matter so I was a happy camper.
We had all of the women in our group get us free drinks.
The decor was nice and classy, but it was very small and NOT crackin.
The music was decent during certain parts of the night.
Some cute ladies here and there.
Lots of tables so it's more of a place for groups of friends to relax.
Oh, and I liked how I had room to dance around unlike other more popular clubs in Vegas that barely give you any room to breath.
I didn't like the fobby chicks who kept singing "how low can you go" to each song while grabbing and spanking my ass.
What am I?
A piece of meat?
Overall a surprisingly good night for everyone.
At first glance you might think "what the hell is this?
" because of how small it is... but your night could be as fun as you want it to be, so make it great!

This review is for the lounge and not the restaurant.
We had 8 ladies and were charged $20 each that included a plastic cup that you could then bring to the bar and get unlimited free drinks.
I thought it was a great price even if you just chilled for a couple drinks before leaving to the next place.
There were a lot of people in there but the DJ unfortunately sucked.
He only played 12-20 secs of each song.
I just don't think it was mixed well at all.
It was actually really awful.
We went on a Friday so maybe it was because of the day.
Come here if you want to hear "how drunk are you" music.
Sorry... that's just not my groove.

I've only been to the bar/lounge area so I don't know what the restaurant is like.
Wish I had gone.
So here is the review for Koi bar/lounge.
The dance floor is surrounded by couches for VIP reservation so there was not a  lot of room to dance on.
The music is good but that depends on the DJ.
The bar service was quick, but because it is small place, the service is faster.
Ladies get open bar as far as I know on Sunday nights even at 2 am in the morning.
The floor was so sticky because everyone spills drinks all over.
I'm sure that it's like that at other clubs, but not as bad.
As I am dancing (in floppy) it kept sticking to the floor.
There's not much decor, but you really can't see anything until the lights go on.
Koi has the potential, but it's not there yet.

Didn't get a chance to try the restaurant, we were here for the bar/lounge scene.
We paid $20 to get in and have free drinks the whole night, so that was a plus.
I'd say this is one of those places where you're better off splurging on bottle service, because that's the only way you're going to have any room to dance and not bump into anybody.
The DJ was decent, no one special, just spinning the latest Top 40 tracks.
I enjoyed the crowd, which was a plus as I spent most of my time there smashed up against them as I was dancing.
I'm definitely looking forward to coming back here during my next trip to Vegas and trying the cuisine!

*This review is for the lounge*  When my girls and I heard "OPEN BAR,"  we were ecstatic!
Afterall, it was our first night in Vegas and we were looking for a place to get our dance/drink on.
Besides, it was totally convenient since we were staying in PH.
Having had such a wonderful time at the Los Angeles location, I was really looking forward to spending the rest of my night here until the wee hours of the morning.
BOY.
Was I wrong.
OK.  First of all, Koi LV is not meant to be a lounge.
It was freakin' small.
The music was tolerable for the most part, but It felt like a can of sardines in there.
Ew.
Secondly,  what was up with the red/pink cups we had to haul around for open bar access?
O.M.G.
I thought Koi was suppose to be classy?
I mean, I can't complain because it's free alcohol, but still.
Plastic Dixie Cups?
Seriously?
And what was up with the creeper guy who invited us to sit in his VIP section, in which it was only him and the server chick?
It was great sitting in VIP and all, but like.
where's your friends?
And to top things off, when my girls and I totally started to NOT feel his poor excuse of a VIP table anymore, he goes and slaps my ass!
I almost punched him in the face!!
Not the business, especially if you grew up in the hood.
Needless to say,  we bounced.
I can't believe my girls and I had to endure through that.
It was pretty lame.
What a difference this place is from LA!
Never again!

** I'm reviewing the nightlife at Koi, not the restaurant.
**  During our recent visit to Las Vegas my fiancé & I went to Planet Hollywood.
Upon entering the hotel we were handed "VIP" wristbands to their new club, Koi.
We were told that it was free entrance & ladies have open bar all night.
Sounded like a good idea, right?
Later that evening we decided to check it out.
The wristbands did not get anyone free entrance - it was $20 WITH wristband.
What a joke!
My brother had a table reserved inside so we were all able to get in for "free" since we were getting bottle service.
There were 8 of us, 4 girls and 4 guys.
I was not impressed with Koi.
By Vegas standards I would say this "club" should remain a restaurant & maybe just stay open as a lounge/bar after hours.
It is NOT worth paying for.
The club was small & I was disgusted with the under-dressed crowd.
Usually the ladies & gents are dressed to impress at these establishments but women in their flip flops, men in their raggedy t-shirts, & LIMITED open bar was a total disappointment.
And why the hell were some women dancing barefoot on their sticky floor?
Yuck!
Our bottle was running low so I decided to go to the bar and take advantage of their open bar promo.
As it turned out, champagne was not included so I still had to pay for my glass of bubbly.
The music was decent but at times the dance floor totally cleared out.
It was not consistent.
I hope their restaurant is better but I won't be back to find out.

It's all about the music.
This review is for the club/lounge, not the restaurant.
Me and 3 gf's came out of Peepshow and there was someone handing out wristbands for Koi.
I'm not super impressed with this place, but the music was actually pretty good and having the girls there made it even more fun.
There were enough oval couches to take a breather from dancing and lots of people watching.
$20 wristband gets you a pink cup with an open bar for the night.
Drinks were okay and not too strong that it would knock you out after half a pink plastic cup.
It was convenient for us to enjoy the rest of the night here, since we were staying at Planet Hollywood.

This review is for the club/ultra lounge at night.
We needed somewhere to continue the party after the Gold Lounge across the street at Aria closed for the night.
The bouncer recommended Koi... We should never have trusted him!
After name-dropping the bouncer, we had free admission, except the hostess collecting admission guilt-tripped our generous guys to buy a $20 AYCD cup for the night.
I have never had more disgusting alcohol in my life.
I'm pretty sure Rite Aid house brand liquor is better than whatever crap alcohol they served at open bar.
The music was not amazing.
The bathroom may be the smallest I've seem yet in Vegas.
The guilt-tripping hostess really pissed me off.
Don't you tell my guys to buy us anything...
If I want it, we'll get it my damned self!
The one star for this place is for their awesome bartenders... Those poor guys need to go work somewhere they don't have crap liquor that makes their drinks taste like donkey butt!
They were super efficient.
Koi was the one bad experience we had with venues in Vegas this trip.
Step your game up, Koi... Stop being so cheap with liquor or you're gonna end up an empty corner of Planet Hollywood just like Privé.

This review is for the club/ultra lounge at night.
This club sucks!
it should be a restaurant instead.
It was thursday night  and we were staying at this hotel, we went down to the mezzanine level to see what is going on but we got lured in to this club by a  female host thinking the club was packed, we went ahead and paid the price only to find out the club was dead.
Expensive drinks, very small club and no smoking inside.

This is for the customer service at the "Ultra Lounge" part of Koi.
No, I can't rate Koi beyond that because we didn't even go inside.
Like so many others, my boyfriend and I recieved a wristband from a promoter outside saying it was free admission and complimentary drinks.
Never mentioned that it was for ladies only, reduced admission, etc.
We usually never go to places like that, but it was a Saturday and we figured what the hell.
We get to the door and they ask if we had wristbands.
We showed them our wristbands, and was then told it was a $20 cover each.
And the "open bar" was only for ladies, and it didn't include much.
That's where I'm looking at my boyfriend like, "Let's get the hell out of here.
"  I'm a local, not a tourist, if I'm willing to pay the outrageous Strip prices for booze, I'm not paying to get into a place.
However, my boyfriend, assuming I really wanted to go there, takes out his debit card and hands it over to the hostess to pay the $40 cover.
But alas, they refuse debit/credit for at the door.
Cash only.
And the closest atm?
All the way around the mez, downstairs and through the casino.
No freaking thank you.
We've taken plenty of out of town guests to places where they take credit for cover at the door (Nine Fine Irishmen Pub springs to mind).
Needless to say, we will not be going back there at all.
I'd much rather go to The Foundation Room, Lavo or heck, even EyeCandy Lounge at MandBay.

Went here last night cause my buddy knows a guy there.
This review is for the Lounge area, not the restaurant.
Line was long but we waited just a few minutes and talked to some people also waiting in line (touristy, drunk chicks).
Then my buddy's buddy came and got us and walked us in, no cover on a Saturday night at 1130 ish, perfect for me.
We walked to the bar and asked for some vodka cranberries, and the bartender asked if we wanted a certain vodka, we looked at each other and said "yeah, whatever 'well' vodka ya got.
" The bartender glared at us like "you fu(king cheapskates" and pulled out what looked like a plastic bottle you get at smith's for $7 (read Gordons).
Pretty disappointed in the quality for the price they charged, but this is a Vegas "club" so we expect the markup.
We had a good time overall, the dance-floor was packed and the music was upbeat and fun, we spent most of the time sipping on our drinks and hanging on the balcony and catching up.
Lot of good looking people here and the vibe was fun.
And no cover.
Nice knowing people!
4 nice stars

This is my experience of Koi as a lounge, for Koi as a restaurant please refer to a different review, because from what I understand, after hours they convert it into a lounge for people to party in Vegas.
Went here for a Vegas night outting after ruling out Chateau and planning to go to Gallery right across the room in Planet Hollywood.
We were stopped by a promoter and given wristbands advertising open bar for ladies and half off for guys, so we thought, "hey why not drink here and then hop on over to gallery afterwards so we can save on the alcohol?
" Bad idea.
First off, no such promotion for guys, and open bar for ladies was really just "here's a list of what you can get, the rest will still cost you".
Cover was 20 dollars each regardless of gender, cheap, but with good reason.
I don't know why they call it an "ultra" lounge when it is so tiny.
It was memorial day weekend so it was even harder to get around in the super packed room.
The bar was also overcrowded and it was hard to find a spot to order drinks from but the bartender was really nice and good at getting to you.
We showed her a couple drink recipes and she made them for us, even though she didn't know the drink itself.
Apparently my friend said she messed up on the Cactus Coolers, but the Galvatron was pretty straight forward, and I am sure it did its damage.
She was nice about adding extra alcohol too, threw on some 151 on some of our shots and I yelled "Thank You!!!
" from time to time but being as busy as she was and as loud as it was I doubt she heard me.
My friends all hated it when she added it, but I am always glad for more alcohol in a bar/lounge/club environment.
We salvaged the night despite the bad environment in our own eyes, thanks partly to the aid of the nice bartender who also gave us a free drink too.
Koi lounge is a tiny room, music was alright, but the environment puts you down, definitely not the grandeur and all out partying you want from visiting Vegas.
I'd gladly fork over the excess of 100 dollars for a nicer venue/ bottle service, and all of us also agreed in hindsight that we'd be better prepared for out next Vegas escapades.

This is a review  on the lounge, and not the restaurant.
We were walking along the strip and this guy comes up to us, telling us there's this great club.
It was a Tuesday, so most of the clubs were closed.
We wanted to go dancing and have a good time.
He said it was $20 to get in, and drinks all night were complimentary (well drinks).
So we walk in, pay our $20.
It was dead, totally dead in there.
The restaurant portion was closed off, and they had a bunch of lounge chairs formed in a circle.
There wasn't really a dance floor, pretty much just any open spot you could find, you could dance around in.
I guess, five drinks later, the place got packed, and I was having a good time regardless.
This wouldn't be a great place to sit around and listen to music from high school.
Although, they changed it up at midnight, the music was decent.
If it wasn't $20 for cover and drinks, I definitely would not pay $20 to get in there.

We had dinner in the lounge because there was an hour wait for a table in the restaurant.
It was extremely cold and dark there but I guess later in the night they play music and its a dance area so maybe they were just setting the tone early.
The food was so-so, borderline bad which was really disappointing since its was my birthday dinner.
All of us in our party kind of giggled at the extremely small portions which in all fairness our server did warn us about.
She essentially told us we probably should get 2 entrees each if we were planning on drinking a lot later because the portions were smaller than appetizers.
For nearly 20$ an entree that is a bit ridiculous.
The 2 stars are for our honest and friendly server who gave me a birthday treat at the end of our dinner!

Restaurant by day, lounge/bar/nightclub by night located inside Planet Hollywood.
The place was kind of small and music was alright.
Bartender made whatever drinks I wanted and even though the bar was full, the bartenders did not leave me hanging there waiting.
They were quick to get you your drink.
It's $20 to get in, free for ladies, $12 for guys to drink.
Yay for unlimited drinks, all night!
10pm-7am!
woooo

First night of a birthday weekend of 4 and we stopped here.
It's a nice bar/ lounge that has a moderate dance floor size.
Can get a little crowded at times but its fair.
The drinks are, well typical Vegas price.
The music seemed mostly of house/ top 40 but they did switch it up with some hip hop from time to time.
The nice part is that you can walk in and out as long as you have yout stamp on your wrist from the first time you check in the front, which is perfect for smoking.
Can't say much than that other than the venue is pretty nice and I wouldn't mind coming back.

Ive been here twice and each time was a great time.
Went with Family and friends and this is a good alternative of you are not such a big fan of big stuffy Clubs or just want a break from the main stream club life.
The cover is $20 for men or women and the girls drink free all night.
They give the Girls Pink cups which gives them open bar all night (till 6am or when they pass out) to a select number of drinks.
Most drinks like Vodka and Cranberry , AMF's, Jack & Coke, Jameson and Gingerale, Midori sour, ect are free.
Other drinks are $14 and up.
The atmosphere is great.
The DJ spins pretty good music and the energy on the dancefloor (small dance floor) is ample for the size of the lounge.
They offer bottle service, but if you dont want bottle service just hang out on the out skirts of the lounge and they have seats with no charge( if you can get a seat).
There is alot of room to just stand around and chill and the staff is pretty nice.
If you want to smoke you just walk out the lounge area , but they let you back in when they check your hand stamp.
Like i said this is just an alternative to the mainstream clubbing experience and just nice to hang out with a bunch of friends and just get drunk.
One last thing, if you are wearing a hat or if you bring a SLR camera they will make you check it in for $5...that's not cool.

This review is for Koi ultra lounge on Thursday and Sunday night.
We went to pick up out tickets for Peep show at Planet Hollywood.
Koi restaurant and lounge is on the same floor.
There is a Koi restaurant in west Hollywood, so we never wanted to eat at Vegas location.
According to our friends, their dinner was good.
Some guy gave us wristbands for Koi lounge, we got a couple wristbands already on the way to PH.
Guys $10, ladies $20 open bar all night.
$100 a bottle well vodka or champagne.
Very small dance floor, smoking area outside is much better, comfy sofas and less crowded, we hung out there most of the time.
Crowd was very nice and fun, so many army guys on Thursday night because of Veteran's day.
Music was good, the drinks were so bad!
The worst drinks I have ever tasted in my entire life!
Open bar for ladies, we get a plastic cup, I ordered cranberry vodka, cheap vodka got me so sick later.
Sunday night was after our Peep Show.
We got wristbands again, since we were leaving the next day, so we wanted to keep it low key, just wanted to hang out at Koi lounge for a bit n head back to our hotel.
The music was pretty good, we met a few cute girls and guys, some were working there, we invited them back to our hotel to have more drinks, so it was pretty fun!
Koi ultra lounge is a good place to dance or hang out on a low key night.
As for the crappy drinks?
Just order beers!

Decided to visit KOI Ultra Lounge after receiving a Living Social deal for VIP access and an open bar.
Overall the experience was nice.
My friend & I went on a Sunday night, the DJ was great, bartenders were pleasant.
Just wish the open bar was for something more than the bottom-shelf liquor.
But overall we had a nice time, I would say I would visit again when I return to Vegas.

We went to koi lounge on a saturday night.
got hooked up from a promoter off the strip.
- 1st people to get in.
nice welcome.
one circle around and done.
- free drinks for the ladies.
definitely bonus!
- dance floor was small but music was good.
nice mix of hip hop and top40.
- enough seating to just sit, relax and talk amongst each other.
- friendly folks that night.
real chill.
no flashy.
no douchebaggery.
huge plus especially in vegas.

This review is for the Happy Hour in the lounge as well as the Ultra Lounge at night...   KOI HAPPY HOUR: I have dined at Koi LA and inside the main dining room at this location but I prefer dining in the circular lounge area.
They have a nightly happy hour (5-8) that includes several of their most popular appetizers and cocktails at half price.
The look and feel of the lounge is very modern complete with 2 TVs however it does have low booths.
I always request to have Sora as our server!
She's very sweet & attentive and is one of the main reasons that keep us coming back to this restaurant ;))) Off the happy hour menu I highly recommend the crispy rice with spicy tuna but be careful they are very addicting!
Also the creamy rock shrimp tempura is  perfect to share.
Other items I suggest: lobster avocado salad, salmon carpaccio, wasabi braised short ribs, miso cod, the kobe sirloin and of course the nigiri/sashimi is always so fresh!
Hot tip: Order the hot hamachi roll!
It's not on the menu but it's delicious!
Spicy yellow tail on the inside and fresh yellow tail on the outside!
And if you don't do raw, get the dragon roll ~   If you have any problems the general manager, Chris, always takes care of it and makes sure you leave satisfied!
The only down side are that the portions sometimes seem smaller than they should be for the price but quality over quantity!
And the asparagus/mushroom is too salty and the crispy rice with yellow tail is too fishy.
KOI ULTRA LOUNGE: After you dine always make sure to get a complimentary pass to their ultra lounge for later on in the evening!
The ultra lounge opens nightly at 10:30 and goes all the way till about 4-5AM.
They play a variety of music ranging from house, hip-hop to top 40's!
They always have some promotion with open bar running so make sure to take advantage of that, one of the best deals on the strip!
They sometimes even run promotions on bottles as well.. We celebrated a birthday there and the manager, Patrick, made sure everything was perfect to the T!
Hot Tip: Monday is their industry night.
Open bar all night for $10!

KOI Ultra Lounge.
I had a groupon for $40 and open bar.
Worst place I've ever been to.
Ever.
The hand you a plastic cup at the front door.
Plastic?
Really?
Then the drinks suck, the inside is no bigger than my living room, and it's wall to wall people.
Can I have my $40 back?
Because I only had one drink and left.
Literally within 5 minutes.

Koi Ultra Lounge.
Had a blast.
Music was great.
Staff was friendly & helpful.
Definitely enhanced the experience.
Energy was smashing.
DJ was in point all night.
Mainly Hip Hop & Top 40.
Open bar packages were great.
Ladies got open bar till 4am.
Saved me a ton of money on drinks for my girl.
I definitely would recommend to my friends.

Review for the "ultra lounge" Me and two of my buddies were in vegas for his bachelor party a few weeks ago and we got suckered into going to this ultra lounge.
We mainly went along with it because it was $30 for entrance and all you can drink.
They told us if we wanted to for $50 each get one bottle then after that go to the bar and have all you can drink.
Well just no beers.
But we didn't and stuck to the $30 experience.
The place was really small not that many people were there, hardly anyone was dancing probably because of the trancy house music or whatever they were playing.
We didn't really care too much we just wanted to drink and hang out in which we did.
No no one was really using any of the booths so we decided to take one for ourselves and no one told us anything.
Our experience was alright it was our first night there and we didn't want to burn ourselves out.
We got our money's worth of drinks hung out talked to a few people then left.
Definitely NOT a place I would go to again.
Gave it 2 stars only because we got our money worth as far as drinks are but much rather pay that price for a really nice club pregame it and buy a few overpriced drinks at a club I know where our experience would be memorable.

FYI: this review is for the lounge it turns into at night.
happened to go to this place on a whim.
promoter guy on the strip talked to our group and gave us this info on a Saturday night.
$20 cover for the ladies and the fellas.
open bar all night for the ladies.
open bar for the guys until midnight.
well it was after midnight when we went in so the guys were out of luck but that didn't stop us from taking a few sips of the girl's drinks.
only a couple of cons that affected my rating.
the host where you pay cover each gave the ladies a pink plastic cup to hold and refill for their drinks.
I thought that was somewhat cheap.
the place is SMALL.
a small circle.
you enter on the right go inside with a bar to the right and the bottle service tables to the left whos aisles become the dance floor.
then a balcony area and back to the entrance/exit after you finish the circle.
the DJ played a mediocre mix of top 40's.
at times you were feeling it but then he'll mix in something unpleasant.

Me & some friends dropped by Monday night for the industry party for the Ultra Lounge.
We had a blast.
Great drinks specials.
Good energy & vibe all night long.
We will definitely be back.

This is a review on the lounge part, never ate here.
Koi stuck to the environment of a club, good music, good drinks, the only downfall was that it was very small, got crowded fast with very few people in it.
Loved the fact that smoking was set on the outer part of the lounge.
The outer lounge was separated by a large heavy curtain.
The whole place had about ten tables and seven were reserved so we had very limited place of where we could be.

Fake promotions & cheeky rude bartenders.
Promo people promise that you can upgrade as per their menu.
Bartenders charge you full price.
Upon complaining,  they offer you a cheap shot made with horrible Sokolov vodka.
Toxic stuff a.k.a butt rape ruffee!

Too bad I can't give less than a star rating because it would be appropriate here.
I don't even know where to begin when reviewing a place this horrible.
I suppose it's best to first warn you of false advertising.
Promoters are all over the place handing out orange wrist bands and informing people that a $20 cover will give you free drinks all night.
They specifically say that this offer extends to men as well.
We, regretfully, decided to check it out.
When we entered the cashier asked us if we wanted to upgrade for bottle service and a table.
We refused and confirmed with her that free drinks were included without it.
She said, "yes, it will be $20 each then".
We went right in to the bar to order a round of drinks.
When the bartender handed them to us he said $14 was due for the gentleman's drink.
When my husband asked why he had to pay $14, the bartender just snapped.
He raised his voice and rudely yelled that he's been there for 5 years and he knows how to do his job.
Completely inappropriate, especially when we weren't even being aggressive and were simply asking why we had to pay for drinks when we were told they would be free.
In hindsight I now realize that the bartender must deal with this sort of thing all the time due to all of the false advertising by the promoters outside.
Upset, we left the lounge and asked for our money back.
The cashier called the manager, Brian Wimmer, and we waited outside.
She didn't handle the situation well at all.
It was all very unprofessional.
As we waited FOR A LONG TIME we spoke with one of the promoters working at the door.
He advised us to go back in and at least get our moneys worth of free drinks (for just the lady of course) and leave.
He knew we weren't going to get our money back.
Again, this must be their thing.
Brian finally came out 15 minutes later and did not even address us.
He walked right by us twice and intentionally ignored us.
He spoke to the promotions worker we spoke with earlier and went back in.
We were appalled that he didn't address us.
Again, incredibly unprofessional.
Long story short, he finally came out again about 10 minutes later.
According to other workers, they were hoping we would just walk away and this would be a nonissue for them.
But we stuck around because we were completely ripped off and mislead.
This is a matter of money AND principle.
He must be used to just working with drunk people all the time and he probably gets away with this because most of his customers are too drunk to be reasonable.
Sadly we were completely sober and he spoke to us with disrespect and did not take the time to listen to us.
He said we were SOL and he would not give us our money back...no further explanation, no hearing what we had to say, no respect.
I can't believe he is a manager.
I hope Brian Wimmer's boss reads this and learns how unprofessional he treats his customers.
One more thing, after leaving Planet Hollywood more promotors for Koi were on the street.
We stopped at one to ask what the deal was and he was STILL telling us that it was $20 for an open bar for men and women.
UNREAL.

I visited the lounge midweek  and have to admit I enjoyed myself.
It wasn't a place that was over the top, but if you are able to visit its a good stop.
I enjoyed the DJ providing a great blend of all party genres.
The place provided enough room to dance and the drinks were strong.
The one issue is theirs a lot of drunk people in the club also.
The staff enjoys themselves which adds to the awesome club/lounge atmosphere.

Enter planet Hollywood, random guys in suits say they'll hook you up with free wrist bands.
Sure whatever.
Go up, $30 for guys and $20 for girls.
Hell no.
Girls drink for free with their cover but still.
This place was kinda sad, not many people, just eh.
And definitely not worth the cover.
Only saving grace was one of the front door guys graciously let me and my friend (a guy) in for $20 total after our shitty night.
My friend forgot his ID at another club so we had to hail a taxi back.
Seriously taxis are the biggest rip off.
5 minute drive for $10?
wtf is that?
So girls drink free in red cups and the bouncers get mad if guys drink out them.
Good thing I didn't pay $30 or I'd be pissed.
Don't waste your time.
There's a reason they give "free" wrist bands.
Found out the next morning my friend got thrown out for not tipping the bathroom attendant.
The white security guard with a mustache and gut apparently threw him down on the floor and everything.
Seriously?
Lawsuits would ensue if it was me.
First of all bathroom attendants are a rip off, I'm supposed to tip you for giving me a paper towel?
Maybe if you wiped my butt for me.
This place definitely went downhill.
Don't waste your time.

Total bait and switch!
My cousin and I (both female) were offered wrist bands from numerous people.
We finally accepted and were told that we'd have no cover charge and drinks would be free all night.
When we got to the entry kiosk, the woman literally cut our wrist bands off and said $20 each cover.
After looking at her like she was from Mars and laughing hysterically, we went back down to the hotel bar and got free cocktails the rest of the evening.
Listen, I have no problem paying a $20 cover if that means free drinks all night, but don't lie to us.
It's insulting.

I have been here many times and have always had a good time.
It can get VERY crowded as this is not a big lounge/club.
Also there is only 1 bar area and even on busy nights only 2 bartenders.
But they have always been extremely fast at being able to get me my drinks.

Lame...
The wrist bands are a joke.
Nothing but dudes.
The girls at the door are rude.

Kinda dead, kinda small, but really friendly staff.
The bartender made us tons of fun shots and was very attentive.
Atmosphere is kinda bland, but it's a good place to get weird

Friend of a friend hooked us up, so I really can't complain.
Everyone that worked here was super nice, and my friends and I had tons of fun.
To be honest, we probably wouldn't have stopped in if my friend didn't know someone here.
BUT, it ended up being a good night.
The vibe was casual and laid back, but everyone was dancing.
There were a lot of couples, btw.
There are some couches on the balcony overlooking the casino when you wanna take a break from the dance floor, or in our case - the bar.

Total BS.
Just don't go.
Bar sucks.
Rude employees.
Liars.
Nothing free about the wristbands, seriously a whole lotta LAME.

I give this place ZERO stars!
The promoters waiting downstairs by the escalators convinced my friends and I to go up with these free wrist bands.
$20 for each person and girls drink free all night.
We asked if we were dressed appropriately and he examined us and said we were fine to go up.
Once we were at the door, I went in and paid $100 for me and my other 4 friends at $20 each.
The security guard did not let one of my friends in after I gave the girl at the front a $100 in cash.
I talked to the security guard and he didn't allow my one friend to come in.
I ask the girl to give me a refund since I did not even step foot into the club and neither did my other 4 friends.
She said she couldn't and that I'd have to talk to the night club manager, Vos (bald white skinny guy).
He talked to us like we were dumb drunks even though we were completely sober.
He refused to give us our money back when we did not use any part of their facilities.
He said all sales are final.
I asked to talk to someone higher up and he asked me to wait outside the door.
He came out with a card, some guy named Brian Wimmer who is yet still to respond to my email from that night.
Vos then asked who let us up and we pointed to the promoter guy.
He disrespectfully fired the promoter in front of us and his security guards and employees.
First, What kind of manager fires an employee in front of his guests and peers?
Second, he had no poise when talking to his guests.
Third, is this club hurting for money so much that it needs to take money from their guests in this manner?
I see other yelp reviews that will agree that this place is class-less and the workers are rude and are liars.
I do not recommend this nightclub at all unless you want to be treated horribly by employees and managers.
I hope Koi investors see this review and change the way they run their business because there are plenty of 5 star nightclubs in Las Vegas and they are not one of them.

This review is from August but it looks like nothing has really changed.
First of all, friend bought a Groupon for $40 each all you can drink wells.
They only had a specific list of drinks you could get.
The bartender could only make one of them right.
We even told him about it and he kept making them wrong.
The place is super small and the floors are so sticky you can't even walk right.
It also smelled like farts and poop.
The DJ sucked; it took him way too long to transition to the next song.
The only positive?
The other bartender was able to make a screwdriver the right way.
Definitely not worth it!!!

Do not go in this place.
Guys downstairs says a price and at the door you discover it's double.
Very limited choice of cocktail and very poor quality.
Place very small and bad music.
There isn't zero star otherwise I'd have rated it!

This review is for the lounge portion of Koi.
This place delivered what has been my WORST Vegas club experience in recent memory.
Our party got hooked in by the promoters advertising the $20 cover and open bar for ladies until midnight.
The lounge was a single, circular room and had obnoxious wardens with flashlights and aggressive security guards in the place of light shows and nice decor.
The bartender was incredibly rude to everyone in our party.
It took me 20 minutes (I timed it) standing in front of him to get a watered-down long island for $17.
The ladies weren't able to take advantage of the open bar due to the long delays, so we really paid $20 each to come into a dark room and get dissed.
Lame!

Watered down drinks, $20 even for girls.
AVOID  Koi night club in the Planet Holleywood hotel is tacky and casino promoters are everywhere trying to 'walk you in' for $20 each (including girls).
That's right, even the girls!
The free drinks they give out are watered down.
The tickets get you a well mixed drink.
They gave me a glass of orange Joice with no vodka when I asked for a screwdriver... We were there for 15 minutes I asked the group if they wanted to go downstairs.
We quickly found out that there was not downstairs, only the small lounge area and bar that's about the size of two of the PH rooms that we had put together.
Watered down drinks $20 even for girls bouncers not allowing girls to share drinks promoters everywhere, rude and desperate sounding  Small

Please read.
Tonight was a Tuesday and they tried charging a $20 cover for girls and $30 for guys.
The people handing out wristbands promised a comped drink for guys and ladies drink for free.
We talked them down to $30 for a couple and went in.
We immediately felt ripped off.
The "club" is maybe 500 sq ft, the guys did not get a drink and it was an awful experience.
One of their own employees suggested having the girls grab drinks for the guys, which we did, and then two bouncers followed me into the bathroom to take my drink and try to pick a fight.
Anyone reading this please know I'm a reasonable person trying to save someone else from getting ripped off.
Don't go here.

This place is a joke.
Too small.
Bad music.
Drinks suck.
Waste of time and money.
Don't get conned by the promoters outside Planet Hollywood.
I wish i had read all these horrible reviews before i went inside.
They are all true.

Do not go to this place.
Not worth it

Absolutely awful establishment.
Was first told there would be a 20 dollar cover but open bar -- cool great deal!
Then told that was only for ladies, my male friend would be a 30 dollar cover and only get a drink ticket.
Well frak, we had been waiting in line and decided to just go with it since it had already been 20 minutes or so after our concert and we didn't really want to go walk the strip.
THEN I find out immediately after the cash was out of my hand that open bar didn't include anything containing tequila.
For allergy reasons tequila is the only thing I am able to drink.
I immediately asked for our money back--and I mean not minutes after, and was told there would be no refund.
Let me repeat: no refunds even though they were unable to fulfill an issue related to a medical dietary restriction.
Absolute scum.
I was basically told "tough shit" because a sign displays this policy however the sign was not shown to me until AFTER I had paid.
Such a rotten scam.
Now 50 dollars poorer we could either leave or try to recoup somehow.
Fed my guy friend the free drinks I got from my genital status as female until we felt we got our money's worth but since they were extremely weak I doubt we ever did.
We will be coming back again to the hotel for Britney but will be avoiding Koi at all costs.

This review is for the Happy Hour only.
My girlfriends were approached walking through the casino area and told about the Happy Hour and since we were looking for a light meal we figured why not check it out.
We were escorted to the lounge by the promoter and seated.
I had previously been to the restaurant portion which is typical overpriced Strip pricing.
The promoter commented when he gave me the 10% off for the restaurant that if I was a local he doubted I would ever use it and that would be correct.
As far as Happy Hour goes I have no complaints.
Everything was half off.
My Berry Bliss cocktail was $6.
We ordered spicy tuna, beef kabobs, edamame.
Our waitress was knowledgeable with drink suggestions based on our taste and suggested food options that made all three of us happy.
I don't often find myself on the Strip unless I have visitors but if I do I would come here again to pregame.

This lounge is analogous to a Koi pond full of dead fish.
We were mislead that we could receive unlimited drinks with admission into the lounge.
It was really pathetic considering that we dropped several bills at their restaurant earlier in the night.
They are so desperate for people to come to this lounge that they have people at the apex or bottom of various escalators soliciting people to come to this tiny lounge.
Even if you get unlimited drinks, it is the bottom shelf liquor which is limited anyhow.
It actually isn't worth it unless you want a big hangover the next day.
Avoid coming here at all costs!

You can compare Koi Lounge/Nightclub to a dark empty closet surrounded by old velvet drapes.
The party I was with, were approached in the lobby, and given a story about girls $20 all you can drink and boys $30 first drink free.
When we got to the door, it was $269 for 4 of us.
We walked into the dungeon, and no one was dancing, a bunch of spilled drinks on the floor, and the vibe was flat and drab.
When talking to Brian the manager to try and get some of our money back, he had no customer service, and said no.
After being there for 30 minutes, we walked out.
Avoid going.
It was horrible!

In summary,  this place is a glory hole.
Dimly lit n full of creepy mofos!
U might get a Happy ending BUT it might be from a dude.
I'm going back tonight anyway!
Why not!

