Love this studio!
It was a very relaxing experience and practically pain free.
My eyebrows remained full not too thin, and totally symmetrical absolutely perfect.
Megan is such a nice and engaging person and listened to my concerns.
Even though it is a newer studio, I definitely recommend it!

I have been going to Megan for about 2 years now and could not ask for a better brow artist!
My brows were a DISASTER (over tweezed and uneven) and she helped me embrace my thick brows.
I absolutely love her work and will recommend everyone to Megan!
I absolutely love the shape of my brows now and the technique she uses.
Make an appointment with Megan!
You won't regret it!

I have been going to Megan for the past two years to get my eyebrows done and she always does an amazing job.
I often get compliments on my eyebrows and even get stopped by people asking me who does my eyebrows.
She is by far the best Eyebrow artist that i have been to in Arizona and I have gone to a lot of places!
She is very detailed, professional, and knows exactly what she is doing.
I highly recommend her, you will be happy you went to her.

Megan has always done a fantastic job doing my brows, we have known each other for 3 years.
She is an amazing and very talented professional!
the proof is all the compliments I receive from random strangers  and friends alike.
Her rates are very competitive and she takes service to the next level!

I have been going to see Megan for a while now.
Not only is she an amazing eye brow artist, she's also a good friend an awesome person to talk to.
She's the best artist I've ever had by taking two amazing artists from Anastasia and Damone Roberts and combining them into one unique experience.
If you need your brows done and have a half hour to spare, go see Megan!

I've been seeing Megan merely over a year and honestly, she's simply amazing.
I received more compliments from clients, friends and family since she's reshaped my brows from years of makeover abuse.
Megan's ability to shape brows and make them symmetrical is truly impressive.
I've always been told that your brows can never be twins but sisters and her work is truly artistic.
With her efforts obtaining experiences with Anastasia and Damone Roberts, her ability to make you feel beautiful is an understatement.
I highly recommend Megan to anyone interested in brow shaping, tinting, and other waxing.
She is very flexible and super accommodating.
I will follow her where ever she goes.

