If you are looking for Scottish shortbread, this is the place!
A new shop just off the Royal Mile!
The owner makes and bakes her own all-butter shortbread in house, fresh every morning!
It is UNBELIEVABLY delicious!
She also makes her Ballantyne Toffee loaded with nuts and chocolate, Millionaire truffles, and she brews and bottles her own vanilla!
Really cute shop!

A staple at Stockbridge Market...  the lovely Jennifer now has a shop!!
She's been open about two weeks and at the rate she's been selling out of shortbread.. her success from Stockbridge has not diminished!!
Not only is the shortbread full of buttery goodness but the ballantyne toffee (a secret family recipe!
) is TO.DIE.FOR!!
She has a variety of flavours.. from traditional to cardamom and white chocolate..  She also has mini shorties...
Billionaire's shortbread & Chocolate chip with chocolate ganache...
The shop also sells bunting and super cute aprons... She bakes on site so the shop smells absolutely amazing!!
There's also homemade vanilla extract for those who a keen bakers...  Stop by, say hi, try shortbread... you won't regret it!!
Shop is cash only, so come prepared!

Adorable shop with delicious, freshly baked shortbread and other fabulous treats.
The owner is a California girl who brings a fresh new take on the traditional "bakery".
Definitely worth stopping by!
The lemon shortbread and Ballantyne toffee...OMG!!!!!!!!

The reviews from this place have exploded!
We were here weeks after they opened and I actually added the page to Yelp while standing in the store, expecting to come back and get the first to review.
How wrong I was!
But that just goes to show the ultimate power of these delicious cookies.
I was actually out with my friend in Edinburgh and we had been talking about how good the shortbread was in Scotland.
I said I wanted to pick some up for a friend watching my dog and as we turned the corner, there it was.
It's a tiny, sleek, clean shop (I say clean because everything feels new and warm and wonderful.
Like you've been wrapped in fresh laundry.
) There are the ovens and counters where owner Jennifer (who is as sweet as her treats) bakes and a counter up front with the cookies.
Yum.
The cookies are a little more expensive than your normal touristy shop but they are worth it.
Every single flavour of cookie was insanely delicious, but the truffles?
Oh my god, the truffles, they were out of this world amazing.
And she's got samples of everything for you to try.
Also, they make their own pinnies, which I didn't know anything about and learned they are aprons.
Aw, nice.
Go here, love it, support this amazing store.
When I come back, I want to buy more cookies.

You can't just eat one of everything!
Scrumptious!!!!
The shortbread melts in your mouth.
A perfect place to spot to satisfy your sweet tooth or pick up the perfect treats for parties and afternoon teas.
Love it!

Mouth-watering shortbread and choc toffee that will have you coming back for more.
The owner is super-friendly and helpful, the shop has an overwhelming aroma of butter and sugar that make the shopping experience all the more enjoyable, and what's more, FREE SAMPLES!
So, why the 4 stars?
Simply because in my book £1 is too much to ask for a single cookie- unless it's the size of an open palm.

Cute, cute, cute!
Shortbread and toffee in different varieties.
Gorgeous bunting and home made pinnies for taking home.
I tried the toffee as it was gluten free and it was lovely - quite dime bar-ish and very more-ish but I was saving myself for Affogato so I resisted temptation.
There is the promise of wheat free Fridays to be launched soon for the shortbread so I'll definitely be back then!

At long last I ventured past the emporium of scottish sweet biscuit and I wasn't disapointed in the slightest.
Oh no!
In fact I'm planning my next visit very soon.
I'm indeed very hooked after this first visit.
Seriously forget about the boxed shortbread and make your way here.
The flavour combos are devine.
white chocolate and cardomon, all butter, lemon poppyseed, dark chocolate and orange - blissful.
All large biscuits are £1 each, but there is a deal where you get 6 for £5.
I eyed up mini shorbreads too - 10 mini's for £2, which is a pretty good deal for artisian shortbread.
Had a lovely wee chat, with Jennifer the owner too!
Had to rush back to the car as abandoned the car with my aunty in it :)  Would of stayed alot longer ooooooohing and ahhhing at the flavours!

Seeing Emma's review made me realise I'd forgotten to leave my own before heading off to sunnier climes.
My fav is the chai shortbread.
It's delish and I can't get enough of it.
It's freshly baked and melts in your mouth.

Tucked around the corner from the Royal Mile is this tiny, delightful bakery.
Yes, the owner has a great Scottish accent, but she's a transplanted Angelino!
Don't hold that against her.
She creates the most amazing shortbread confections.
You'll never want to eat a Walker's dry biscuit again once you have one of these amazing cookies!

We were walking around Edinburgh looking for shortbread and came upon Pinnies.
As soon as you walk in you can smell the goodness.
We purchased a variety of flavors and loved them all.
Jennifer the owner is very sweet and friendly.
Would I go back?
Definitely!

