Mike Miller always exceeds my expectations!
I could not be more delighted to have him back in service.
I was depressed when I learned that he was not there a month ago, an delayed my service because of it.
BUT, soooooooooooo glad he's back I will bring all of our family cars to Camelback Volkswagen because of Michael.
Sincerely Carol Beamer

Not much to say about the customer service in the service department at this dealership, besides that it is below par.
I was never offered water while I waited or even notified of a timeframe of my wait.
While checking in all of the guys continued to have side conversations with one another, making me feel as though I, as a customer was not a top priority.
Needless to say I was not impressed, and plan to avoid a future return due to this unimpressive experience.

No comments at this time

This was my first time buying a car (that I would have to make monthly payments on) and I was searching the valley for the perfect one.
Going to Honda, Toyota, Jeep and many more locations and dealerships I also went to this location to check out a very specific model of Volkswagen.
I was greeted warmly in the parking lot and immediately told the sales associate what I was looking for (pre-owned and a few years old).
After showing me one car on the lot that was a brand spanking new 2014 beauty I informed the associate that although the car is wonderful and I am not buying a new car.
I asked him if he could check out the inventory for me and he happily walked me inside and sat me down at his desk.
After a very long process of giving him my information (he typed with two fingers and seemed as though he had never used a computer before) we got NOWHERE in even looking at inventory.
I was handed off to 3 other sales associates up to the floor manager all trying to sell me a 2014 brand new car.
I felt like I was speaking a different language and they were so incredibly pushy and disrespectful.
I will never recommend this place to anyone.
Horrible sales attitudes and after traveling to numerous lots all over the valley this place really upset me.
I was called a few weeks after to "have me come down and check out their new inventory" and after telling Tommy I already purchased a vehicle, he literally repeated what he had just told me "come down and check out our inventory" I was so infuriated they were STILL pushing me.
Oh yeah and I ended up buying a pre-owned Volkswagen Tiguan that I absolutely love from Lunde Peoria Volkswagen who has the most lovely staff and treated me with respect and helped me find my perfect car.

I have never enjoyed going through the financing part of buying a car.
But, Tony Avila made the experience of financing my daughter's car a blast.
Thank you Tony for being patient while I relayed messages to her in South Korea.

