My wife and I went out to VQ simply for this restaurant.
The service was excellent, and the wine was great as well.
However, the food was lack luster at best.
We had the bruschetta for an appetizer and split the seafood tower for our entree.
Maybe our mistake was getting the seafood tower at a steak place, but it isn't worth the $60 for the tower itself.
The atmosphere, service, and setting were all spectacular.

Ditka's had a nice atmosphere, comfortable seating, good service, reasonable prices for a fine dining steak house and most importantly, delicious food!
I ordered the bone-in filet, oscar style.
It was wonderfully flavorful.
Other guest at our table had "Da Pork Chop" , filet medallions with crab cakes and  filet medallions with shrimp scampi.
All of the portions were very generous and everyone said the food was great.
If I had to critique, the restaurant temperature was very cold.
Also myself and another guest ordered Grey Goose cosmos and they definitely weren't cosmos.
They were more like lemon drops, but either way they were delicious and we each ordered seconds.
Overall I was very pleased.
I would recommend Ditka's and I hope to go back soon.

Went for thanksgiving dinner here and I'm very thankful I got to celebrate thanksgiving at such an upscale restaurant, but unfortunately it did not live up to expectations.
The food was cold.
The menu online did not reflect the menu in person.
The server was very clumsy (dropping and spilling items) and absentminded (had to keep coming back to ask again what or how something was to be ordered.
Or not remembering what was on the menu.
The place had maybe four tables filled).
Lastly I was charged $20 extra on my bill when I checked my bank statement.
When I called to tell them of their error, they replied, "oh sometimes that happens.
We'll charge extra and then you'll see it fixed in a couple days.
"  Makes me wonder how often this happens to others.

The food here is marginal compared with other high end steak houses in town.
Went there a couple weeks back with my wife.
Both entree's were undercooked and had to be sent back..
Ordered a white russian for a before dinner drink that didn't taste anything like a white russian should taste.
Service was ok.
Atmosphere was nice I'll give it that.
Now we can say we tried it once but no plans on going back.

Was completely let down by this place.
My husband and I spent our valentines Day dinner here and wow where to start.
First off upon approaching the restaurant the door man was so busy speaking to the hostess that he completely let the door close on my face.
That wasn't a big deal to me.
I can open a door right?
Next we were seated the restraint it self is very nice the lighting white linen table clothes.
Quite romantic.
After our server took our drink order she said "so are u guys here for that Valentine's day special"....
Nothing really harmful about those words but I think it would've been more appropriate to educate patrons on the special.
we received salad.
Two lobster tails two steak medalions.
and my husband ordered the prime rib on the side.
We also received mashed potatoes and asparagus.
everything was either over cooked and under seasoned.
just blan.
blah blan.
my favorite part of the meal... was the bread basket we.
revieved.
now I'm not some.
snobby wife who has to have everything her way but I was let down.
longhorns steakhouse has prepared a better.
meal then ditkas.
don't waste your money.
or time

Ordered their aged steak...
Ordered it medium rare... Wow that was horrible.
The steak was charred on the outside and didn't have any flavor to it.
I also added on the lobster tail for $38 extra and that too was horrible.
On the bright side their hamburger was pretty good.
Well that is what my cousin told me.
I will not be going back at all.
Save your money and goto Flemmings or durants.

This place is way over priced for the quality of the food.
It's trying to be a high class restaurant but they just don't have the ability to back it up.
The steaks are boring and bland; the service is sub par at best.
If you want to grab something to eat at this casino I would say your better off at tortas de Reyes at the food court.

Went for a special event to meet Coach Ditka.
Fantastic pork chops with this amazing side sauce.
Also the mashed sweat potatoes rock!
Not the best filet I've ever had...
But a good cook, sear and all.
Good atmosphere!

Very nice place - friendly staff, attractive setting.
And like some reviewers have said - mixed feelings about the food.
Four of us went last night.
Our friends both ordered the fried perch dinner and both thought it was excellent.
My wife and I ordered their featured burgers - medium rare.
The burgers came well done.
We sent them back, the manager came to our table to apologize (very apologetic about it) and the next two hamburgers came back medium well.
I must tell you, the manager checked back two more times and told us he was taking both burgers off the bill.
We were very impressed by his concern and reactions.
His name is Shane Driver and he is an excellent representative of Ditka's!
Oh, the calamari appetizer - excellent!
Lightly breaded and cooked to perfection.
Same for the onion rings.
We will go back - just won't order burgers!

If you have been to the Ditka's in Chicago, do not eat here.
You will be sad.
Very sad.
This Ditka's is a very poor imitation of the original.
The hostesses really should be looking at careers in the prison system.

We ordered the Prime rib and the King Crab legs, Mike's salad, and baked tater.
All was very good.
The Prime Rib could have been seasoned better but the meat was very tender.
It is over priced especially the wines by the glass.
I ordered the Ditka "Icon" cabernet and it was $18.
I could buy a better bottle for that price.
The service we had was excellent.
Our waitress was friendly and knowledgeable on the menu.
We saw the stacked meat loaf with mashed potatoes and onion rings on top it was huge and looked like awesome.
I am sure it's a heart attack on a plate but I am ordering it next time just to give it a go.
They also have Ditka Chop (pork Chop) that is a popular item.
We had coupons from the casino so our meal was half price.
That was a great thing.

