Where do I even start a review for Pisces Reef?
As soon as you walk in the store itself is beautiful.
The layout is well organized and easy to navigate.
All of the tanks are clean and very stylish.
I'm generally not a fan of freshwater tanks, but theirs are absolutely phenomenal.
I love their use of live plants and props, making the freshwater side very visually appealing without being corny at all.
Seriously, even if you don't have an aquarium of any kind and can't do business here, it's worth a visit based simply on how cool the store looks.
Oh, and I did I mention the huge water feature in the back?
A trickling waterfall into a pool of gorgeous freshwater plants, with a second layer below for their shark and ray tank display.
Yeah, this place is *that* awesome.
Once you get beyond that, their service is great as well.
Everyone is so friendly and helpful and very knowledgeable.
Damon and his team time to talk with you to figure out what's best for your tank and how to take steps to improve or to reach a new goal within the hobby.
They have a great customer service style that never feels like they're shoving handfuls of product into your arms.
You get the sense that they genuinely want what's best for your aquarium, and they'll always point you in the right direction.
We're definitely going to be making frequent visits to Pisces Reef, and we feel like our scaly, floppy little friends will appreciate them as much as we do!

Stopped by this store today to grab a Betta and a couple Zerbafish for a small Aquaponics system.
We had a few questions and the staff was very knowledgeable about both the fish, but in the system we were setting up.
They were very friendly and patient with our newbie questions, and helped us pick out the right fish for our purpose.
The store itself is great.
A big selection and a great area with a stingray, or something, in the back.
Made me want to set up a whole aquarium myself.
Great experience.

We've been wanting to get a nice saltwater setup ever since we first moved here.
Been to a couple other aquatic specialty shops, but none of them were as well-maintained as this place.
For freshwater, they had a decent selection of live plants as well as fish, (and some amphibians).
There were no signs of algae or dead/sick fish in any of the tanks.
All of the saltwater fish and invertebrates looked healthy too.
Best collection of living rock that I've seen in Vegas.
Wayne was pretty helpful in answering questions and reassuring us that a marine setup isn't as difficult as most people think.
He was pretty knowledgeable in species compatibility, as well as group and individual behavior of certain fish.
I thought I knew a lot about fish, but his knowledge eclipses mine!
He even took the time to explain the available biological filtration systems.
Once again, I'm impressed at the cleanliness of the shop.
Also, they had a beautiful shark/stingray tank set-up in the back.
We left without buying anything this time, but at least got some good ideas for future purchases.

This place is awesome!
The layout is very attractive and the ray and shark tank is very entertaining.
They have a decent selection of fish and corals and they are competitively priced.
The staff seemed helpful enough as I was there to just browse a new store.
I ended up sitting at the ray tank watching the sting ray wave at me and my daughter for about 20 minutes.
I will definitely be going back for a few fish.

I finally had some time to stop by and check out this store.
Damon and his staff clean my tank at our office  and do an amazing job every time.
His staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.
Damon really cares about our tank, and suggest what will go best and what to avoid.
I love that I can call him and he will help me with any issues.
His store is very well put together.
I had one guy ( I forgot his name) talk to me for 20 minutes About coral and different fishes that would be a great addition to our tank.
Anyways.
Bottom line amazing staff.
Clean store.
Not cluttered in any way.
Can't wait to visit soon again.

Best fish store in Las Vegas for freshwater plants/fish.
I am sure they are excellent for marine too but, I don't know anything about saltwater aquariums.
Located on the northwest corner of Sahara and Fort Apache behind UMC Quickcare.
Pisces Reef Fish Emporium is my go to place for all of my aquarium needs.
With a large selection of freshwater plants I am always able to find a new and interesting plant.
Their selection of freshwater fish is impressive and fresh, it seems like they get new fish every week.
Their aquarium accessories are competitively price to compete with any of the big box stores.
They carry multiple brands and can suggest appropriate specifications for your aquarium.
They have a large selection of fish food.
They have a whole cooler dedicated to frozen fish food.
The staff has always been helpful and prompt even when there are multiple customers.
Nathan is particularly helpful and knowledgeable about freshwater plants and fish.
Bottom line: Go here, whether you are a beginner or a experienced fish enthusiast.

I'm a avid saltwater hobbits and I understand the store is awesome but be aware their salt water fish have diseases.
I was in a few days ago and almost every salt water fish has ich, eye fungus, and fin rot disease.
Please look the fish over before you purchase before you infest your tank.
I thought I had a disease free fish a month ago but was wrong.
I lost over half of my livestock.
Remember to always quarantine your fish before adding to your display tank.
They need to get it under control and order from a different company or hand pick your fish.

This place is amazing!
Easily the cleanest best stocked store in the area.
Great livestock and supply inventory.
The staff is all knowledgeable and eager to help.
I could go on and write paragraphs about this store, but just go in and see for yourself.
I am an avid reefer with high high high standards and these folks just never disappoint!

An amazing fish store.
Wide variety of fish, coral, tanks, rocks & just about everything else related to fish.
Clean store.
Incredibly knowledgeable staff.
Come in at any time and any of the staff can answer your questions.

I am beyond impressed with this place.
The owner is extremely knowledgable and has helped us through some situations that other people could not diagnose.
We have a 75 galloon tank and the fish we have purchased from Pisces and our previously owned fish are all healthier because of their help at this location.
They will test your water for free as well.
We are truly going to miss this place when we move back to CA :(

Beautiful store...gorgeous stocked aquariums on display, lots of merchandise in stock for the beginner or advanced aquarist and very knowledgeable staff...this store is one of two that I frequent and trust.

AVOID this store!
Rude employees, over priced coral and fish.
I was refused service for having an EMPTY cup!
True story No more for me...

The manager there was rude and had no personality.
I would suggest reevaluating him as he is the reason we will not be returning.
My husband is an avid fish keeper and was excited that a fish store opened close to home.
The store is nice, but expensive and poor quality fish.
There was a  tank full of fish with ich.
They were still trying to sell it rather than separating and trying heal them.
Too bad.

I went to Pisces Reef for the first time yesterday with a ton of questions and I was given a lot of help and also given the information of the manager who is even more knowledgeable.
Everyone I talked to was pleasant, easy to talk to, respectful, kind and calm.
I felt completely comfortable walking around the store and looking in all the tanks.
They had no problem answering my questions about freshwater plants, mystery snails, my tank cycle, etc.
I am extremely impressed.
And the store is just cool... the tanks are phenomenal and watching the shark swim around was a lot of fun!
I am definitely going to be a repeat customer.
I'm hooked!
~Jules~

This is the best exotic fish store in town.
Nathan is very personable, informative and helpful as well as the rest of his staff.
A huge selection and the prices are great too.
I would recomend Pisces Reef to anyone looking to start, add or continue to their fish hobby.

