The fries are really good.
I could eat them all day long!
The chicken strips themselves are really good, but I was just expecting more than some Parmesan cheese just sprinkled on top of them.
I thought by the picture that they have on their web site it was more of a sauce type of coating.
Do not get me wrong they are still good but just not what I was expecting.
I can not wait to try some of the other flavors that they have though.

There's always consistency with the taste of my wings, and how nice the staff are.
I am obsessed with the mild wings.
No matter what, come see Cynthia!!!
She's awesome!!!

Wingstop is one of the better fast casual spots for wings especially in south Phoenix.
What this place brings is instant credibility with consistency, quality with their wings along with excellent customer service.
These chains are very organized by maintaining the same level of experience at every location.
I have not yet found a "Mom and Pops" place in this area that will provide you with better wings or customer service yet and will admit it if I do.
While the wings are not the cheapest I've found but the quality every time I order is worth the few extra bucks.
The seating area at this store is a bit larger than the westside location.
If you're looking for good wings this is your spot.
Be sure to call in or place orders online if you are carrying out.
Expect a wait during peak times unless you order ahead.

This is our second time being here for the money you get plenty of food and the wing sauces they have are good.
Overall an excellent value, will come back again.
The mango habanero sauce is my fav than comes the teriyaki  forget the Cajun sauce.

This place has some really good wings.
This location opened up a little while back but we have been there many times since then.
I prefer bone-in wings and they are really good here.
The boneless option is also really good (my girlfriend prefers these).
They have some great flavors that span the spectrum of mild to hot.
The garlic parmesan flavor is good as is the teriyaki and BBQ.
They have a variety of combos and deals so you can take care of however many people you are ordering for.
If you are craving wings and are in the area, definitely stop in here.

We eat here at least twice a week, my friends and I may have a problem...  You only need to know two words:  Louisiana.
Rub.
That is all.

