Awesome new sports grill!
I had the cheeseburger with chipotle mayo and fries... it was really good and the beer was super cold.
I'll be back again soon.

Decent beer selection, great service, plenty of TVs, and awesome sliders!

Great sports bar especially for our Cardinals fans!!
Food is outstanding!!
Brooke is an outstanding waitress!
We will be requesting her as our server from now on!
I do think they are a little on the expensive side compared to Humble Pie or other sports bars, I think the owner needs to have happy hour specials especially during for football season.
With current prices we won't be going to often with our family budget.

Well let me tell you of the experience of Bambinos and why I won't be back.
I have been waiting forever for this place to open up.
I was looking forward to a bar in the neighborhood.
So when I saw they opened, we went Friday evening - 2 days after they were open.
Walked in and the place looked great.
Large TV's adorned the wall behind the bar.
I noticed a garage door to open the place up and thought how great it will be to catch a game there in the Fall/Winter.
So we sit down, wife, and neighbor and his wife.
Friends were late so we ordered the nachos.
$6.99 and if you want meat, add $3 bucks.
We went meatless.
Took a while but it came out and was decent.
A bit undersized but it was OK. Guacamole was pureed and had very little flavor.
Neighbors show up and order the chips and queso.
Queso was really good.
Where this went south was the chips were about a handful.
We finished off the chips and still had queso left.
I asked for more chips.
The waiter (good Kid who was really trying) said OK, left and returned a few minutes later and told us that according to the owner he would have to charge us for extra chips.
REALLY?
So let's see you are open for 2 days, the place isn't even full and you aren't willing to let go of 25 cents worth of chips to appease a new customer?
Needless to say, I was pissed.
Like i told the waiter, that was Strike 1.
So we order up and now all four of us are ready to try the burgers.
Menu seemed attractive with the typical bar food aptly named after baseball people.
I went for the Patty Melt.
Wife and buddy had burgers.
Neighbors wife had chicken strips.
We all concluded the burgers were just OK.
Mine was a very small patty and a smattering of sweet potato fries.
Chicken was "tough".
So, the hopes of a good local bar that I could walk to is dashed.
We all concluded it was not worth coming back Positives: Waiter was friendly, good looking bar and what every sports themed bar should have TV's and Cold beer.
Negatives: See above.
Also at the end the waiter asked us how the food was as the owner wanted to know.
The guy was standing there the entire time and could have come over and asked but he chose not to.
In fact I never saw him speak to any guests and this place is very small.
I can only hope this was an anomaly but someone else is going to have to convince it is worth coming back to.

Great place.
Good food.
Commendable service.
Friendly.
Will be going back there again soon.
The place is is clean and atmosphere fun.
13 big tvs to see your team play.
Attire is casual and noise level is appropriate.

Went to Bambinos for an early dinner...outstanding food, excellent service, nice atmosphere with lots of TVs and a long bar.
We're thrilled to have Bambinos right here in our neighborhood, and great timing on opening right before football season!

Great burgers, good specials, friendly staff.
This is a place I would definitely come back to.
You want a great atmosphere and sports, Bambino's is the place.

Decided to give Bambinos a second chance once we were told they now had happy hour specials...
Specials still do not help me choose Bambinos over Humble Pie or Buffalo Wild Wings.
To me the beer and food is over priced, even with these so called "Specials" they have.
Especially appetizers, wow, I can't believe how pricey those are.
Unless they lower prices and have better specials, this family on a budget will not be going back.
I will be a Humble Pie (better specials) or Buffalo Wild Wings...

We had a great experience here.
I had the shrimp and bacon quesadilla and G had the wings.
My quesadilla was excellent and G said he had never had wings like these before (maybe they weren't fried?
Not sure.
), but that wasn't a bad thing because he said he would order them again.
We must have gotten some kind of happy hour pricing because both of our items were $6 - what a nice surprise when our check came!
Our food and drinks came promptly and the service was good.
I was surprised by how sweet the hostess was.
I felt like the menu was reasonably priced - I don't remember anything being over $10; but the kid's meals seemed a bit pricey at $5.49.
Still, Bambino's seems like the perfect, family-friendly neighborhood bar.
We will definitely be back!

Good service.
Wings were fatty but good sauce.
Got the street tacos that ended up being $11 because I got cheese and sour cream, were horrible.
Black beans tasted like someone dumped salt in the pot, chicken was fatty with no flavor.
My fiancé got the steak sandwich, fatty grisely steak.
Worst quality of meats, sticking to drinking only here.

My wife and I went to Bambino's on a Sunday for lunch, I think they had been open for 2 or 3 weeks as the bartender said they had already changed Happy Hour and Daily Specials at least twice so obviously the ownership is willing to make changes and be flexible.
We had the meat-less nachos and the Honey Garlic Hot Wings.
We felt like the food was pretty good for bar food.
I can see how the Guac for the nachos was a little plain but I guess I realized I wasn't at a Mexican Food restaurant.
We sat at the bar and felt that the bar staff was very nice, friendly, and attentive.
We'll be back to this restaurant because we can walk to it ;) I recommend if you live in the area to give them a shot.

My wife and I  visited Saturday for lunch and sat at the bar.
Rob the bartender greeted us immediately and proceeded to take our drink order and tell us of the specials for the weekend.
Everything was perfect- food was hot and fresh- beers were ice cold.
My wife and I shared the fish tacos and shrimp/bacon/cheese quesadilla  and we both enjoyed them immensely.
Plentiful portions and friendly service make this a must visit place.
Later during our meal Jason the owner stopped by to check on us.
Nice touch while making sure we were welcome.
Going back again real soon!

Terrible food and service.
The kitchen is SLOW.
The food is luke warm at best.
The only thing good is the Cider.

I don't get the negative reviews on service.
We were there again last night and had great service.
The food is fantastic and prices are reasonable.
My only complain is the queso, it's pricey for the size and wasn't good, neither are their chips.
If you skip the apps and go right to a meal, the sandwiches are fantastic, the salads are incredible and I have heard that the street tacos are great too.
We love having Bambinos n the neighborhood.

We really want to like this place, the atmosphere is great, the staff is SO friendly and helpful and the food was ok.    One complaint is with their happy hour.
There isn't an actual Happy Hour menu, there were about 4 or 5 items the server named.
The prices of the Happy Hour selection is my biggest complaint.
I ordered the Home Run Quesadilla.
It was decent...grilled onions, green chilis, pepper jack cheese.
It was also $6 on Happy Hour.
It came with little containers of salsa and what it said was quacamole...it was green and smooth.
I think it was some sort of avocado spread, it was not quac.
My husband had the Harry Carey chicken sandwich.
It was "fine", nothing special.
He asked for provolone instead of swiss but they didn't have it.
The sweet potato fries were really good.
We really liked the atmosphere and felt welcome with our kids in there, it has a really nice bar area, we would probably come back for drinks without kids.
Lots of tv's, easy to see from most angles.
Given the amazing attitude of every staff member we came in contact with from the time we walked in the restaurant till the time we left, we will come back and give it another shot.
I would like to try the tacos, I liked the looks of the combinations they have, not your average taco.

Nice to see a sports bar up this way.
There are not too many non-chain one.
Bambinos was a nice clean open feeling place.
The server was great did a good job.
The food while it appeared to be a little expensive, was really good and worth it.
I had a Philly, fries and coke.
I enjoyed all of it.
Nice flavor to the philly.

Unfortunately, they do not accept American Express and this is my card of choice!
Dissappointing....especially when I had a guest with me and I was suppose to pick up the tab....then to find out they do not accept the card.
My guest and I had to scrape together cash.
Ugh.
Also, 2 other comments.....the wait staff was 'standing around alot when tables were in need of cleaning---and the boss was in the restaurant!
Second, their street tacos were hard as a rock.
Not sure if they are using stale tortillas or they nuke them and let them sit til the contents are ready---so by the time it is served the shell is very very tough.

Unfortunately, they do not accept American Express and this is my card of choice!
Dissappointing....especially when I had a guest with me and I was suppose to pick up the tab....then to find out they do not accept the card.
My guest and I had to scrape together cash.
Ugh.
Also, 2 other comments.....the wait staff was 'standing around alot when tables were in need of cleaning---and the boss was in the restaurant!
Second, their street tacos were hard as a rock.
Not sure if they are using stale tortillas or they nuke them and let them sit til the contents are ready---so by the time it is served the shell is very very tough.

Good not GREAT!
Good Service decent food may try again if in that neighborhood.

What a great place to have in this area!
The restaurant feels very fresh and new with a subtle sports theme.
There are plenty of TV screens for the sports fans and you can bring the family in as well.
The food is high-quality for a sports bar, but not pricey.
I was able to take advantage of happy hour prices that went until 7:00.
I was impressed by the variety; tons of different sandwiches, salads, appetizers, and street tacos.
Our server was attentive and friendly.
They offer trivia on Wednesday nights (7:30p) through Team Trivia.
The trivia is free and you can win prizes!
Super fun!

Atmosphere: 4 stars, just because I love baseball and the Great Bambino is all over the walls.
Service: 1 star, I ordered a burger with one other patron in the place.
My server, apparently the owner, forgot my order three times having to real me.
Drinks were never refilled and I sat waiting for a bill.
Food: 1 star, the burger was similar to a college party burger.
Frozen patty, cheap bun, fatty.
Just bad.
Cleanliness: 2 stars, I was there when they opened so everything was clean.
But then they allowed two children to go behind the bar to serve themselves pop.
They touched everything and even coughed and sneezed once.
Having been a child, I know we should not tough anything related to food, especially the ice in my drink!

I've been twice now to bambinos and both times have been a positive experience.
The food was delicious and the wait staff friendly.
It's great place to take the family and enjoy good food.

Checked out this place for the first time when my brother in town.
First impressions when you walk in are good.
Lots of space and TVs.
Not super busy, but only one waiter for whole place on Monday night.
Took him awhile to get to our table.
Friendly guy anyway.
Decent beer selection with 4 or 5 craft brews.
Beers came and we ordered appetizers from happy hour menu.
Took forever for food to come, but we weren't in a hurry.
Got our wing order mixed up, and was able to bring the correct order out pronto, so maybe got someone else's?
Wings were pretty tasty and so was the quesadilla.
All in all looks to be a pretty nice sports bar going through some growing pains.
Will definitely go back.

I was so excited to see a sport's bar opening close by.
They frequently have UFC fights and everything we have tried has been tasty, our favorite is the fish tacos.
Servers have always been friendly and the atmosphere is open without feeling empty.
Only thing I can knock them on is that the food and margaritas are a little pricey.
Great place to watch a game or grab a drink with a friend.

We went for a friends birthday.
We really had a great time.
Our waitress was very sweet and took great care of us.
Overall, food was pretty good.
We had the nachos.
Trust me, you want he carnitas on them.
Only downfall, I don't like thick corn chips.
But, that's just me.
We split 3 burgers between us and ordered wings.
All were very good.
I'm not a fan of plastic cups for sauces, or condiments.
It's a really nice place and those look bad.
Otherwise we will be back for sure!

Went in for happy hour on a Friday evening.
Nice that happy hour runs until 7:00.
It was busy, but not overly crowded.
Greeted and seated promptly.
Everyone was very friendly.
The shrimp applewood bacon quesadilla we ordered was excellent.
Good beers on tap and the Suns playing on one of the many TVs.
This will be our go to sports bar from here on out.

My wife and I came here a couple months ago.
We love supporting our local eateries in the North Phoenix area.
I will say the food was decent being in a bar, but I am having a hard time figuring out why we have not been back in a while.
Then it dawned on me, most bars have their main attraction food or awesome happy hour deal, and I could not muster up what Bambinos has to offer.
Let me think...hmmmm, chyeaah.
I think this will deserve another trip back.
However, the food was good and the venue with many TVs screams NFL on Sundays, NCAA football on Saturdays, and NCAA Basketball in March.
I will be on the look out for some awesome deals or "what they are known for" food next time around.

I did not feel 3 stars were in line for this Sports Bar but I do think they have some potential and I want to see them succeed so I gave the 3 as I think 2 would be harsh.
We went in early afternoon on Sunday to grab a bite to eat.
I don't know about you, but I absolutely hate it when the host walks you to the closest table and acts like its the only table left in the house.
So not a great start for me.
I perused the menu for a minute while the server gathered our beverages.
I ordered the "Diving Catch" which was described on the menu as Breaded Cod.
So I asked our server "what type of breading on the fish"?
I thought it a fair question since the menu just says "breaded" so it could be something unique such as panko or tempura, etc.
she had NO clue, and looked lost but no big deal.
When my fish arrived, it looked very good.
The breading on the fish was very appealing - light amount of breading, nicely brown, not too heavy, looked just right so it should have been great, but it was actually pretty flavorless.
The fries were nice size but they are NOT steak fries despite what the menu claims but somewhere in between a regular fry and a steak fry.
Highlight of the trio was the Blue-cheese Slaw.
Wife had the cheese steak Sandwich appropriately named "Bambino".
Looked better than what I ordered!
Lots of meat and good flavor.
So 1 out of 2 was good.
Service was adequate but when I told her the fish had no flavor she looked completely lost again so I have a feeling that there is not a lot of training going on with regards to food preparation or customer service.
Lastly, my wife noticed some cleaning efforts that lacked any hygienic standards so that didn't help the overall score.
So they have a nice looking place but seem not to have a credible plan to be serious sports bar like Padre Murphy's.

This is my third time visiting this establishment.
The first two were mediocre... but sufficient enough  to come back for beer and late night food.
My third visit is what drove me to write this review.
I was with a group of friends on a week night for food and drinks... we had a terrible experience.
Someone ordered the quesadilla and it arrived with out cheese... this was not the main issue.
The manager came back with the plate asking "what is the issue there is cheese"  He decided to come over more than once to push back on what our issue is with the food.
If a customer does not like their food... don't question.
Overall.
It would be a great neighborhood bar if the food could step up its game and managers were not brasive to their customers.

My hubby and I have been looking for a place to catch a game and a pint close enough to our house to bike to, and this just might fit the bill.
The design of the bar/restaurant looks like something that you would see on the show Bar Rescue, but Bambino's is the "after" outcome.
It looks that good.
We chose the shrimp/bacon quesadilla which was tasty, but there was way more bacon compared to shrimp.
The buns on the sliders we ordered were quite crispy and had a little too much butter on them.
We were looking forward to the chocolate cookie dessert with ice cream on top, but were a little disappointed.
The cookie was huge but it tasted very "floury.
"  It wasn't heated up enough, so it was hard on the outside and softer on the inside.
I think it would have been better if the cookie was half-baked when you order it instead of just heated up.
The drink specials were really good and we are looking forward to returning for happy hour.
We'll have to try other menu items to see if we like them more than what we had the first time.

Good little neighborhood bar.
They were out of chicken fingers and substituted boneless wings for us.
Out of chicken strips.... Oh well.
boneless wings are good too

The service was EXCELLENT.
The food and drinks were very reasonably priced, especially at happy hour.
Live music on a Wednesday night!
Sliders were awesome.
Very nice place.
Clean and comfortable.
Recommend sitting at the bar because waitresses are evil gossips, apparently...  My bartender was so cool...
When I mentioned my phone's battery died, she grabbed her travel charger and plugged it in for me so I would have a charge on my way home.
That kind of service is 5 stars in my book!!!
Tip your servers generously.

My sisters and I came to the restaurant to watch the games and have a few drinks.
The hostess was rude and the waiter was not much better.
I have been trying out the restaurants in the area and I will this is not one I will give my repeat business to.

Food great, app is great but watched the bartender "find" a pack of cigarettes and "regift them" to another patron.
When the original patron came back in I watched the bartender lie to the original patron and convince him a empty pack of marlboro lights was all he left.
I then asked the bartender when the other two parties where away "didn't you give his cigarettes to the guy next to me?
" he confirmed he did but didn't know how to handle it.
I mentioned to the manager outside so as not to cause a scene.
I will follow up with the original patron - they should have comped him as much as cigarettes cost - I hate smoking - but i fear they didn't.....

The food is good...but nothing is consistent.
..we.ordered the wings tonight.
..great flavor..mine came dry as a bone and my husband's came with yummy sauce all over it....how the heck do you do that??
Same order... so I was lusting after his wings throughout dinner....sweet potato fries were very good.... had some San Tan beers which is a plus for me.... first Hop Knot and Hop Shock second.
..yummers!
I will keep trying once in a while hoping management catches on.... when I worked as an executive chef I saw every single plate that went out!
But then I'm a control freak.... my standards are very high....

Well, we tried this place for the second time, with similar results.
I want this place to be better (we live down the street), as it has a "Zipps" type look to it, but doesn't come close to stacking up.
The food is very bland and flavorless, the staff seems unfriendly and too busy to be bothered.
The server asked if I wanted a small or large beer, I specifically said small and she brought a large.
Instead of just leaving it, she took it back to "make" it a small...why wouldn't you just leave it at that point, instead of bringing back a flat, warm beer???
Customer service is not their forte here, I'd recommend Humble Pie or Mellow Mushroom.

We came here for UFC on a Saturday.
There was a nice amount of people yet we were able to get two seats at the bar.
Plenty of TVs offered good viewing.
As vegetarians we were able to find something to eat off of the menu: nachos for him and tostadas for me.
The food quality was above average for bar food with prices to match.
The availability of a veggie burger would have been nice.
Drinks were fine and they had a good selection of beers on tap.
Service was friendly and efficient.
We finished the evening with a large, warm chocolate chip cookie a la mode... we will definitely be back.

We used to go here after every softball game on Thursday Nights.
The atmosphere is  nice and clean, very welcoming.
Service has always been great.
Food is always god no matter what I order.
drinks are always a reasonable price.

I think the food is great.
The service I experienced when I went was wonderful.
(sat at the bar.
) The pork sliders are amaze-balls!
The building, while new is VERY blah.
It looks like the owner ran out of money and didnt budget for decor.

