Excellent shave ice!
Thin and melts in your mouth like snow!

I have be in vegas almost every month,  from LA this is a traditional taiwanese food,  everything taste so much Better especially pork chop and noodles ,   Recommand pork chop rice Or noddles   Wontonsoup , shave Ice,  drinks ,    Very clean fast family restaurant , and the price is so much cheaper than others at that plaza    Good place to eat , food Comes Out very fast with quality  , go give it a try , freshly made food taiwanese food !!

This is the best  place to go great  customer service & great family experience  would definitely come back

3 stars for flavor .. total damage was $15 for two items, which is kinda pricey for Taiwanese food compared to San Gabriel Valley.
One of the few foods I ate while on my excursion to Vegas needed to be good.
I love Taiwanese food, so why not?
I got two things, the chili oil wontons, and stinky tofu.
Chili oil wontons - these tasted all right.
They weren't as flavorful and oily as A&J Restaurant (Irvine, CA), but they were okaay.
It tasted very fresh, and the flavors were bright, but nothing really stood out for me on this.
The oil itself wasn't spicy at all really and didn't really stick to the wontons themselves.
It was more of a dipping sauce I guess..   Stinky tofu - This is probably best shareable.
Compared to that one place in Rowland Heights (can't remember, sorry), the stinky factor isn't totally pungent.
It had the stinky element yes, but it wasn't bad.
These I enjoyed more than the wontons I think.
The tofu however, when you bite in, seemed to have more holes in it than actual tofu.
Wha?
The service is kinda whatever.
The guy got my order wrong and almost gave me something that I didn't order, and insisted that I had ordered it.
They never really checked up on me but that's cool, it's not like I need someone to talk to during my meal lol  $15 for two things that were okay makes me an ehh panda.

Good Taiwanese shave ice.
Their toppings are similar to the ones I've had in Taiwan.
I didn't get to try some of my favorites because they were out of a lot that I wanted.
But it was still really good and exactly what we needed because its so damn hot here!
The price is average.
Not the cheapest but you won't go broke eating here.
Really small shop and uncomfortable seats so don't go there with a big group.
The staff is friendly and attentive.
I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas again.

I can say this is one of the best Taiwanese place in Vegas.
Nice lady with friendly service.
Food is authentic, comparable to the ones in LA.
Great Taiwanese gem in Vegas !

