I have been to zoos all over the country and all of them in the area as well and I have to say this is the best one I have ever been to.
It is a bit pricey, but you can get half off from coupons in Hickman's eggs, so that helps considerably.
You will literally spend all day here taking everything in, so prepare accordingly.
They have great diversity of animals and often times you will be closer to them than you have ever been.
Most of the animals are upbeat and seem happy which unfortunately is not the case with some zoos.
There are the usual money traps such as concessions and small rides, but for some reason they don't seem so aggressive, maybe because they take a back seat to the awesome exhibits.
I can't recall my kids asking me for anything once, which is very rare at a place like this.
The aquarium is just as good as any I have been to.
You have a chance to pet the stingray which if I am not mistaken is an additional charge at the Phoenix zoo.
You can also feed some of the animals such as the giraffes by purchasing food from machines for a quarter (this also costs a lot more at Phoenix zoo).
I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys zoos.
It is an experience you will not forget.

Let me first say, that I have worked at a zoo and my entire educational life is devoted to animal behavior and physiology, therefore my critic of each and every animal park I visit is a little more intense to say the least.
Firstly, this is a private owned zoo and I know a few people that work or have worked here and believe me the so tires i hear is not pretty, but that is another story entirely.
This chapter is about my visit to the park.
I tried to leave as much bias judgement aside, since my girlfriend was with me and I didn't want to ruin the trip for her (well she told me not to).
The Zoo itself is well organized, clean, and can experience everything in one day.
Here's the bad news; all the mammal exhibits are incredibly boring and small providing almost no enrichment for the animals.
The reptiles exhibits are extremely out-dated, albeit they are a wild selection of herps; their exhibits make me feel depressed for these animals.
This is a zoo that shows really easily that ones an area is built, it is no longer taken care of, instead just building on the next big thing.
There is a shining star in this review however, the aquarium is nice, they need more variety (there predator room as green iguanas in a huge enclosure.. GREEN IGUANAS!!
HERBIVORES in a PREDATOR AQUARIUM!
)..ugh pardon me...
Given the small amount of choices you have to visit here in arizona, they do have penguins (oh yeah).. this aquarium severely trumps az sea life and any other faux aquarium we may have in this state.
in conclusion, i ranted too much.
It's a zoo, go outside, visit it, enjoy nature and see cool animals.
Downside..there are many many many many better zoos out there.

Over the years, this zoo has REALLY improved.
I remember when it first opened there were hardly any animals but this little zoo in the far west valley has really blossomed.
I love how much closer to the animals you are, the interaction with the animals, the variety of exhibits...what I don't love is the price.
It's expensive at $30/adult and every other attraction at the zoo is costly.
There is nothing under $2.50/person with most things at least $4-$5/person to experience.
And bring cash because there is only 1 ATM and it's usually out of cash and the attractions and snack bars are cash only which they don't tell you at the front door.
Given the cost of admission, I think the membership of $100 is well worth it if you plan to come more than once.
I will be back and will be buying the membership next time.

I think the only better zoo experience I have been to is the San Diego Zoo -- which says a lot about this place.
The first impression I had when coming here was thinking it was going to be crowded because parking was difficult.
The lot was full and people were down to making their own spots wherever it made sense.
Upon entering, however, we found out that this place is HUGE.
Crowds were not a problem and the exhibits were all done very well.
There is construction going on so it is obviously expanding even further in some places.
The only downside (using the San Diego Zoo as a comparison) is you do not get the sense that there infrastructure for managing people has come up to par with the great job they seem to do for the animals.
I think this will work out over time but that is the only thing keeping that last star away from this rating.
As a bonus for the day we were there the Thunderbirds performed part of their show over head as they flew in and out of the actual Luke Air Force Base show center.

Excellent place for kids on a family day.
Several rides around the park.
I definitely recommend both the flume ride and the sky tram.
We didn't feed the giraffes but that looked fun too.
Plus they have icees there.
That takes me back.

I brought my boyfriend here for a belated birthday celebration.
We went on a Monday and were able to get discount tickets through Amazon Local.
Coming from the Chicago suburbs, I was pleasantly surprised how easy of a drive it was to get there and how quiet the zoo was.
Brookfield or Lincoln Park Zoo is usually busy with some class trip or tourists visiting the area.
But we got a clear view of all the animals and weren't being run over by agitated moms and their strollers.
I like how some of the habitats mix various animals together instead of separating them.
There is some construction going on, and the zoo appears to be making some nicer exhibits for the panthers and sea lions.
It's also cool to see the baby animals in the nursery because a lot of zoos usually keep them out of sight until they are ready to be put in the habitats.
There are some zoo animals you can pet if you get close enough and don't have to pay extra to do so.
You do pay extra for rides, a train, or the lift that goes above the park, but those are all optional and you can get around find without them.

First I am not a zoo person.
We took our grandchild there to see the animals which he enjoyed and my enjoyment was watching him.
He liked the birds, monkeys and the petting zoo.
He is only 18 months old.
He also enjoyed the aquarium where he could touch the animals.
While I am not a zoo person I would get a year pass if their year pass was as inexpensive as the Phoenix Zoo.
The day we went there were many animals that were not out or were just laying down far enough away that you could not really see them, but that is the way at a zoo.
Oh, muy grandson liked the big turtles also and got to touch them.
He is big on touching things and he had plenty of opportunities to do this.
If their admission price and season admission price was more reasonable I would be a fan and take my grandchildren often.
In many cases this will be their only opportunity to see these animal.
If you are a zoo person go see this zoo.
I believe you will like.

