Ordered online and received my 7.62x54R.
Best price around, even after shipping.
Just a word of advice, this is not a showroom.
To shop you must make an appointment.

I was at Front Sight for a 4-day defensive handgun class and a one day CCW course.
At the end of the 3rd day I was afraid I would run out of ammo.
Of course it was 6:20 pm and Walmart had nothing on its shelves.
I Googled "ammo in Pahrump" and  Ammo Supply Warehouse shows up.
I call and Becker answers.
I explain my situation and he says, "Sure, I'll stay open for you".
ten minutes later I got 200 rounds of .45 ammo @ $23.50 per box of 50.
Crazy cheap!
BUT, Ammo Supply stayed open for me when I needed it most.
I am very grateful and am a customer for life.
Do yourself a favor and call ASW and have them set aside your Front Sight order.
Just pick it up the day before.
I am going out to Front Sight again in November.
ASW will supply my ammo.

This was my 2nd trip to Front Sight and from now on, ASW will be the only place that I purchase ammunition.
Due to some work issues, we were not totally sure that we would be able to make this trip...it worked out and I ordered 600 9mm and 600 .40 on Monday and it was delivered to our hotel in Pahrump on Thursday....  Great customer service and just a great all around place to deal with.
If you are going to Front Sight, save yourself some trouble and purchase your ammunition here.
When we come back in March,  I'll make one call.....

I have ordered from ASW twice and each time the ammo was available and delivered to Calif in two days.
This is an excellent company.
Thanks ASW.

I tried this company because of the reviews.
What a debacle.
They post all over their website sniveling about the how unfair they are being treated from competition when it's clear they are just as afraid.
They don't have a store front and if you order from them you have to make an appointment to get your ammo.
Seems like they hardly have any overhead while the brick and mortar stores are providing jobs and supporting the community in ways this place can't.
And last but not least "Buyer Beware" not all of their ammo is approved by Front Sight.
They are not a Front Sight partner

