Chipotle model, but food is consistently better for the same price.
You choose a burrito, tacos, or some other main dish, then choose your meat and toppings.
My wife and I had pastor; mine had habanero salsa and hers had salsa verde.
Both were phenomenal.
Nice attention to small details, too: the tortillas are warm and nicely browned, there are lots of fresh seasonings in the toppings, etc.
Help was friendly.
It's a great addition to the North Side.
We'll be back.

Just to be clear, this would have been a 5-star rating if based only on the food and not the restaurant itself.
I think it's important to make that differentiation because Habaneros food is excellent!
I would highly recommend their tacos or burritos.
That being said, I would encourage you to get your food TO GO!
This place is disgusting inside.
After Rocky Rococos closed, they made an attempt to "revitalize" the space by adding more color.
Unfortunately the paint that was added to the walls was also added to the floor.
In addition to the paint, the floors are filthy.
Saw dust from construction (months ago).
Dirt and Grime from where booths use to be.
Holes in several walls and temporary electrical (extension chords) taped to the ceiling to run lights, etc.
It is clear that management rushed opening this location.
They brought their excellent food, but fell way short in providing a nice place to eat it.
I've been here several times and there doesn't seem to be any interest in changing the ambiance any time soon.

I live very close to Warner Park in bad need of a burrito and couldn't be bothered to drive to Qdobas.
A quick walk to the new Habanero restaurant later and I found a similar set up to Qdobas and Chipotles.
The menu had a good number of choices but I ultimately chose a steak burrito.
It was very satisfying and there were lots of toppings to put in, although the slightest bit watery.
Will be back to try their other entrees.

I think Habanero's has another location off Stoughton.
This location is the same setup as the other one.
First, you decide if you want tacos, a burrito, a burrito bowl, or a salad.
Then, you choose your meat.
There's barbacoa, carnitas (slow-cooked pulled pork, not the fried pork), adobo steak, adobo chicken, al pastor, or veggie.
Then, there are a bunch of things you can add, like pico de gallo, sour cream, 3 different salsas, beans, cheese, etc.
I would recommend you get the 3 taco deal with the carnitas or the chile pork Mexico city style (cilantro, onions, and lime).
It is a little piece of heaven and reminds me of home (Texas).
It's all pretty cheap (about $6); does not come with sides like beans and rice.
They also have horchata and Jarritos (Mexican soda).

Why would you go to Chipotle when you could come here?
The barbacoa was tender and flavorful...think of good Pot roast.
The spicy pastor was also flavorful and lean.
The guys were super friendly and fast.
The restaurant had a basic decor with clean tables and a clean bathroom...which I've been told likely means that the kitchen is clean.
No farm-to-table or bells and whistles but that's not why you would come here anyway.
I'll be back even though I live on the other side of town!

Same as other habanero's.
Best damn quesadilla money can buy at a really affordable price.

