My initial consultation with Dr Provost lacked any type of discussion of financial considerations that may or may not be a good fit for me and my goals.
The week prior he stated $189 for the consultation.
I had, what I believe was a fair idea of the costs for testosterone therapy or other options.
But, when Dr Provost chose to bill me $862 for my 1st visit without providing a breakdown of the charges or a discussion on the cost for lab work, whether my insurance may be able to cover labs or a "ballpark" discussion of ongoing cost for any recommendations it just did not sit very well with me.
I anticipated a discussion of the options and the corresponding fees.
I don't mind paying for services rendered.
I just happen to prefer an atmosphere of mutual courtesy.
Dr Provost has since agreed to drop the charges for the lab work of $673.

My son came to see Dr.
Le Provost because he didn't want to use psychotropic drugs, which his counselor was suggesting.
After testing and discussion with Dr.
Le Provost, it was found he was significantly lacking Lithium in his system.
He began taking supplements, with a few sub-lingual naturopathic medicines for stress and anxiety and within a month, we saw a significant change in his overall mental and physical health!
After a little over 6 months, he is a  a changed man!
I cannot thank PMHC enough for giving me back my son's smile!

I have had three appointments so far and have been very pleased with the manner in which Dr Le Provost handles himself, his business, and his employees.
Before I begin I must say this is a CASH BUSINESS.
Your insurance will get you nowhere.
And buying more or less cosmetic medical supplements is not going to be cheap so don't be like Doug H. and think you will walk out with any sort of quality treatment for a $100; especially not an initial visit which is VERY thorough.
Initial visits cover, your lifestyle, health, health history, diet, supplements, family medical history, etc.
He then covers the basics of what he does and how things work and explains your options.
He also covers the cost of said options.
You both decide on a plan and move forward.
His assistant is a great kid with lots of enthusiasm and a great asset.
The young man covering the front counter is also very pleasant and helpful.
I am a current patient and will continue to be for the foreseeable future.

I just started to the Dr about 4-5 weeks ago for testosterone treatment.
I did not know want to expect, I smoked cigarettes for more than 30 plus years I quit a few years back but my lungs where hard as a rock even throw I did quite.
One of the first things I noticed was my skin and lungs are flexable.
I can breath.
So much good to write on this.
The Dr and staff are great and I would suggest this treat for all men trust me

The staff greets you by name when you walk in the door.
Dr.
Le Provost is very attentive and takes the time to explain treatments and answers questions in layman's terms.
I have never felt rushed through an appointment because Dr.
Le Provost does take time to listen and answer my questions.
I feel better with the current treatments and am confident that my health is in good hands when I visit PMHC.

