This place is what the vaping/electronic cigarette community has been waiting for.
When you first walk in, it's a warm and inviting atmosphere.
The warm colors and great music make you feel welcome.
After you look around you notice the HUGE selection of high end, high quality e-liquids.
There are at least 50 choices with more being added all the time.
And at very reasonable prices.
It's nice to have a local shop with so many choices, no more waiting for Vape mail.
Plus you can try it before you buy it.
Next you notice all the standard supplies and hardware.
But what sets this place apart is the number of high end, hard to find mods.
All of the standard equipment and supplies are the lowest prices I have seen for a shop.
They are in line with online prices but you don't have to pay shipping or wait for it.
Last but not least, customer service.
Family owned and operated.
Super friendly and VERY knowledgable.
They also hold monthly classes for those interested in more advanced techniques in rebuilding.
Amazing store!
Worth the drive from any where.

Great shop, great people, excellent selection of high end e-liquids that a customer can sample before buying!
A fun place to hang out, meet new friends, learn about vaping, building hardware and coils, buy/sell/trade mods, or stop in to watch a movie or football game!
Definitely a go to destination to see unique and hard to find vaping equipment!
Thanks for an awesome experience every time I come in!

Cool Place and Killer Juice and Great People what more can you ask for.

Great shop with a great selection of premium juice.
Staff is very helpful, and answered every stupid question with honest answers.
Highly recommended and only reason it's not 5 stars is lack of inventory and selection.
Don't get me wrong, they have a lot of the stuff I want, and it looks like the business is growing, but it's not chock full of stuff I've seen in other shops outside of Phoenix.
Compared to some of the other shops in Phoenix and Tucson that I've been to, this place drops the knowledge like no other.
I was looking for a place where I could grow my addiction to vapor and these guys know their stuff.
Some of the other shops in town are just slinging low quality juice and is staffed by ignorant juice peddlers.
If you're serious about vaping, and are done with your ego battery, head on over to AZ Vape Club for some serious clouds.

I'll start out with the good.
This is a big store with a nice seating setup throughout.
The atmosphere seemed pleasant and plenty of display cases featuring their products.
I went in to buy some parts for rebuilding and some juice.
They had the wire and the wick I needed, and was only a few bucks for a couple feet of each.
I asked about their juices and I was shown the wall with all the flavors and handed a mechanical mod to try them out.
It's a bit weird how it's setup.
The tanks are fitted in a slotted wall where they are hard to read and fall out easily when bumped.
There are also no disposable tip protectors, you just leave the tanks on the counter when your done tasting, and they sanitize them later.
I don't like this, because who knows if it's done properly or at all.
The labels on the tanks are also hand written, using a label printer would make things much easier to read.
The employ who helped me out was very knowledgeable, but not friendly or welcoming.
He was there if I needed a question answered, but that was it.
He didn't seem passionate about his job at all.
Maybe I got the wrong person, or he was having an off day, as others seem to have had better customer service experiences.
This shop is okay, but definitely below other shops I have been to.
The best of which has been This Old Vape shop.
With some improvement this could be a great store!

Scored a beautiful brass drip tip that looks great on my 69.
Nice staff and great service.
How can you go wrong when the place has 2 Kayfun Lites in stock and on display for $110?
Good luck finding it cheaper anywhere aside from VapeRev.
Picked up a bottle of 6% Vanilla Custard and the ghostmodder threw in a bottle of Retro.
Both juices were delicious.

