I'm a sucker for dog events around town so when I saw that there would be a photographer at the Animal Foundation event at Tivoli Village I grabbed my most well-behaved pet in the hopes of getting some professional pics of her there.
Tonya had a set up in am empty store front where they were doing pet adoptions.
Even with all the commotion she was able to get some great shots of my excitalbe dog and the prices were more then fair.
She had different options as far as printing it there, different sizes or having the images emailed to you.
I chose to have them emailed as that way I would have more shots.
I will definately be using her services in the future.
If you check out her website you can also see that her talent is not limited to animal photography.

LOVE PBTH!
Use her for a ton of events and her work is great.
She has a great team and can do anything from wedding photos to event photo booths.

Tonya Harvey was willing to travel to our destination wedding.
We were so pleased not only with the photographs she took, but also with how personable she is.
I never expected to feel so comfortable and have so much fun taking wedding photos, but Tonya made the whole experience wonderful.
The result was photos that really felt like "me".
She really has a talent for learning people's personalities and making them show in the photos.
She charmed the kids and the little old ladies at our wedding... again, resulting in great photos.
Tonya captured the highlights of our special day, and she caught the little moments that we were too busy to notice.
I can't recommend Tonya highly enough!
And while I hope never to get married again, I do hope to hire Photography by Tonya Harvey to capture our growing family's special moments.

Tonya makes a photo session seem effortless yet the end results are priceless!
From posing to action shots.
We have had several photo shoots with her and we are amazed at her results!
She has done out yearly shots in studio as well as on location.
She also thoroughly documented my sons baptism.
Her photos make me feel like I am reliving moments!

We will never use another photographer.
She has taken my sons yearly shots both in studio and on location... She is phenomenal!
My also thoroughly documented my sons baptism, when we review his photos it feels like we are experiencing it all over again.
Vivid photos, extensive coverage, more photos than we could ever have dreamed of.
We will always request Tonya to document our life events, she's the best!!

Tonya has to be by far the best photographer in Las Vegas!
She has shot events for me for the past couple years and I have no complaints.
She is professional and extremely talented.
Her cost is amazing for the quality of work she does and I would never use anybody else.

Recently had Tonya do a maternity shoot for my husband and I out at Lake Las Vegas.
LOVED working with her.
She had some great ideas and was very professional.
Can't wait for her to do our newborn photos when our little guy decides to arrive!

Tonya is the best photographer in town.
Her professionalism is mixed in with so much fun that you forget that you're in a shoot but hanging out with a friend.
Then, when my son and I got to see our proofs we realized that Tonya has this amazing creativity and her artistic nature is showcased.
Her wedding shoots make me want to get married just so she can photograph me like that!

My now wife and I retained Tonya to handle our wedding photography.
The photos Tonya took were absolutely beautiful.
My wife and I were incredibly pleased with her and her work product.
You can't go wrong having Tonya handle your photography needs.
I highly recommend her.

Tonya has an amazing eye.
She knows how to capture the moment.
She works exceptionally well with children and animals, which isn't easy!
As an event planner for the last 20 years, I am confident sending Tonya, or someone from her amazing team, to one of my events.
I know that my clients will be thrilled with the quality of the photos they receive.
Michele Rothstein Balloons With A Twist  "A to Z Party Planning"

Tonya is amazing.
I've had the privilege of working with her in a professional capacity as she was the photographer for our non profit organization.
I was never disappointed with her work.
I enjoyed her work so much that I asked her to take my family photos.
As a family we've been to many photographers but none as quick, friendly and talented as Tonya.
Her no pressure attitude made the photo shoot painless especially for the kids.
I highly recommend using Tonya Harvey Photography for any photographing needs.
She is a true gem!
THANKS Tonya!

Fantastic Photographer - I have had PBTH shot my personal professional photos and that of my dogs - every-time the photos come out amazing.
She works fast , efficiently, and the prices are staggeringly reasonable.

Just got our 6 month photos of my little guy and our family back that Tonya did over the weekend.
Absolutely AMAZING!
She's so great with Duke, getting him to smile and open to trying ideas that I've found on pinterest.
Can't wait for our next shoot!

Gorgeous photos backed up by great customer service and friendly photographers.
Tonya understands that the photos are not the center of the event, but meant to enhance the experience and when you see the results you know she has understood your event.
I've worked with her on weddings, children's shots, studio work and special events.
She's my first call.

We called pbth to shoot a post-wedding session, having no idea what we were asking for or getting into.
What can I say, we got lucky.
Tonya was absolutely amazing: punctual, very friendly, patient and INCREDIBLY accommodating.
She sincerely loves her work.
She followed up with getting us our pictures (we're out-of-towners) promptly.
Thanks so much, Tonya, for making our wedding day in Vegas even more special than it had already been.
My beautiful wife and I will remember that time for the rest of our lives.

DO THE STRIP TOUR!!!
My now-husband and I secretly eloped to Vegas last month and hired Tonya to commemorate the occasion.
We got so lucky.
She is a very talented photographer, but also friendly and professional.
She suggested we do the "Strip Tour" in which we took 2 hours to drive around to different places on the strip to take photos - Ceaser's gardens, the Bellagio, the Vegas sign, Wynn lobby, etc.
She had everything planned out and it was really quite efficient and now we have some AMAZING photos to remember the day with.
The only problem is that we can't share them with our friends and family yet.
It's killing me!

