GREAT SERVICE!
I called in an order for 8 separate orders, when i went to pick up, they had EVERY ORDER CORRECT!
They were even super busy; opening day, and still provided excellent customer service.
Their burgers and smash fries were definitely a hit in the office

The service was good but the food was way to greasy and the fries are to thin for me.
A bit pricey for a hamburger joint.
I guess I was expecting more, will try it again maybe a sald next time.

08/29/13  Had the Avocado Smashburger.
No complaints here.
Burger came out hot and juicy with lots of fresh avocado and flavorful bacon.
Fries were thin and crispy and the order was generous.
I thought prices were reasonable.
This is a welcome and much needed addition to the choices available in the Queen Creek/San Tan Valley area.
Friendly and attentive service too.
I will definitely come back.

First time visit.
New to this location.
Will be very excited if this location does well.
Impressed with my first visit.
Had the Arizona Burger.
Would have liked more jalapeños, but was good.
Fries are thin cut and crispy.
Will try the smash fries next time.
Jury still out to see if they can maintain this level.
But I am a fan now!

Delicious, I had the bacon cheese burger with fried egg on it, so good!
Fast friendly customer service, you get checked on a few times by people walking around to make sure everything was ok. Much better service than places that have actual waiters.

This is one busy burger joint!
People must really love their smash!
What you must know if you are a truffle (mushroom that is) lover like me... they have it!
Order the smash grilled chicken burger and you will have the wonderfully smashing truffle taste.
You wouldn't expect truffles at a "fast food" joint!
Toppings for the your burgers are fresh and their buns are soft and melt in your mouth.
Don't worry, your bun does not melt or break apart!
Service is fantastic!
Helpful staff when ordering and cleanning up!

Pretty good burgers, I order without the "seasoning" as I feel it is too salty.
Great selection of sides- smash fries are excellent

I'm always a little hesitant to try new places especially when it comes to Burgers.
For the longest time I thought nothing could compare to other burger joinsts around town, but I was wrong after eating at Smashburger.
I order the Bacon Cheesburger everytime and it's delicious.
Make sure you get their Smash Fries those are delicious as well.
The service is fast.
The give you a number and bring the food to you when it is ready.
They have a few people come around to check on you to make sure you are doing ok.
They have outdoor seating as well which Is great for this time of year.
The only thing that irritated me was when placing my order they ask If I would like to donate $1 to an organization.
Don't get me wrong I don't mind donating a dollar here and there.
But when I tell them no not this time they say, "oh man, I just need five more to be done.
" Talk about putting me on a guilt trip.
Service is great.
Food is great.
Will definitely be coming back.

Service was excellent, I had the Avocado Club Smashburger, my husband had the chicken version of the same.
Both were mouth watering delicious!!
The veg fries, fried green beans and carrot stix, were great with the horseradish sauce and the smash fries, thin crispy potato fries tossed in olive oil and rosemary, were fabulous with smash sauce.
This place makes mcDonalds look REaLLY bad!!

I went today for lunch (Saturday) with my mom.
The place was packed, but we found a table, and the service was fast, considering.
I thought the food was great (Classic Smashburger, and we split some haystack onions and rosemary fries).
My mom thought it was way too salty, but mine was fine.
I would have given five stars, but here it is several hours later and I feel like I've been heavily dosed with MSG.
Their menu says they don't use it, but their food is the only thing out of the ordinary that I've eaten today, and I can't get enough water and I feel hungover.
My rings are tight and my mouth has that weird swollen tingly feeling that I only get from consuming MSG.
Great food, great service, not so great feeling later.

Awesome burgers and service!
Fries are great, onion ring strings were ok. Nice and clean location with patio seating also.
Very quick and accurate service.

damnnnnnnn!
this joint was the bomb im going to pass it on to all my friends and family.i got the bacon burger  it was very juicy and huge but the fries didn't impress me but its aight cause I really don't care for fries.i really recommend you try this new  burger joint in Q.C., its a MUSTard.

I actually dont agree with the 4 or 5 stars reviews for this place.
The burgers are on the expensive side, for what you get.
I tried the bacon cheeseburger.
The thing I was impressed by was the fries, which have a great seasoning on them.
My burger was tainted by my last bite which had a piece of cartilage in it.
The best way to sum it up is restaurant prices for a fast food burger.
Due to my tainted burger, I will give them one more chance.
I will do a new review once I do with an update.

I've given this place a few chances to get more stars,  but I keep getting disappointed.
First time, burger was not fully cooked and my smash fries were cold.
The burger was still tasty and fries were too, just don't like cold fries.
Next time in, my smash fries were hot but no rosemary and garlic......well there was a hint on a few fries.
I also tried the onion thingies and the we're bland and burnt.
Well I should say they tasted burnt with no seasoning flavor.
I give it 3 stars for good, friendly service and the hamburgers were good.
But the whole meal never meet my expectations.

Been here three times in the last couple of months and each time, the food gets less good.
Visit #1- One of the best burgers I ever had.
Very fresh meat.
Great fries (seasoned with rosemary) and battered fried onions.
Would have given 5 stars.
Visit #2 - same meal.
Fries were cold and greasy.
3 stars.
Visit #3 - Our burgers were overcooked, the patties were falling apart in the bun.
Both the fries and onions were cold and had pools of grease at the bottom of their containers.
The batter was completely falling off the onions.
0 stars.
At this point, I'm not so sure I would go back.
$18 for a couple of burgers is pricey.
Will wait for In & Out Burger to open.

This is a true 2 star restaurant.
I ussually have to think a while before I decide on a score, but this one is truly a 2.
We went there once, I ussually do not like to rate places after only 1 visit, but I really understood this place after one visit, well enough to write my review.
I think it tries to present burgers in a "Chipotle" kind of way, is it "fast"?
"fine"?
or "casual"?
No one knows.
I think it is fast food dressed up like fine food in a casual way.
However, I think it doesn't hit any of those very well.
It is sorta fast, but not as fast as McDonalds, but faster than Applebees.
It is seasoned like fine food, probably better than McDonalds, but is not even as good as Applebees (which isn't very "fine").
It is sorta casual, less casual than McDonalds, more casual than Applebees.
The food is ok.  For the money I expect more.
I think if they were a drive through competeing with Wendys and Whataburger then would do fine.
But I am not getting out of my car for Smashburger very often.
If I am going to go in and order a mediocre burger, and over pay and wait, then I am at least going to go into a proper restaurant and sit down at a comfortable table.

AMAZING PLACE!
Awesome food, great environment!
I'm a cheeseburger connoisseur, and rate them harshly and I loved the burgers here!
A little pricier, but worth it.

