Very surprised by Palermos!
Ordered one of the dinners for 2.
Ordering was easy and delivery to our room at Ballys was free and fast!
Food was delivered hot and tasty!
Definitely a great deal!

Very fast and friendly service.
The delivery guy got to my hotel room in 30 min.
Pizza was a great alternative to the typical dominoes/ Pizza Hut.
I would recommend !

Ordered delivery to Hard Rock Hotel around 8:15.
Was told that it would be 30-45 minutes- It took an hour and fifteen minutes.
I ordered a 14" pizza with 15 wings.
Pizza was room temp and a very thin crust.
Wings were pretty good, I would order the wings again but might skip on the pizza.
If I ordered again as it took a long time to get food.

Pizza cat is not proud.
She is not haughty.
She looks on in bewilderment as other Yelpers eat $500 pizza, flown in fresh from Naples, on their private jet.
No.
Pizza cat will admit she has a problem.
She has an addiction to pizza.
Her addiction is consuming her life.
If only her fellow Yelpers knew the lows she has stooped to feed it.
Would she ever become Elite?
Would they ever FUC her reviews again?
Ohhhh... the agony.
Pizza cat is not too proud to admit her addiction had her running to the nearest 7-11 to buy 24-hour pizza, a disgusting slopping of canned tomato paste, cheese and fake meat.
She was half gagging as she attempted to shovel down the food, telling herself, "it's pizza!
it can't be bad??
" when she realized frozen pizza would be better than this crap... so she hastily ran to her freezer and started shoveling Digornio's down her throat.
Still frozen!!!
So, what does this have to do with Palermo's pizza?
Well, Pizza Cat was clutching on the floor, writhing in pain, overcoming one of her infamous pizza hangovers, when she saw that someone had shoved a Palermo's flyer under her door.
Palermo's pizza open till 2am!!!!
Now Pizza Cat is no kitten.
She had heard of Palermo's (on Twain) and their infamous $5 pizza and had never ventured down crack alley to try it.
BUT this was a new Palermo's, closeby her house, a nice, new, clean place.
And they had $4 slices.
It was a decent pizza!
Waaay better than the little emperor's pizza.
And the people were nice and place was very clean.
A winner.
Not a gourmet pizza but good for the price.
Pepperoni pizza tasted of garlic and butter (ok, maybe margarine) and the chicken wings were perfectly overcooked.
On a bad note, Palermo's is NOT OPEN 24 hours anymore but it's not a bad place at all, Pizza Cat can see herself coming here again.

DO NOT ORDER ONLINE!!!!
After waiting 1 hour and 10 minutes for a day time delivery I called the business and the person that answered said that it takes 20 minutes for the order to get sent to them from the online service.
This is strange because about 10 minutes after I placed the order the business called me about a question on the order.
So they had my order.
Just a Bullshit excuse.
My 6 year old tells better lies.
The pizzas that were delivered were warm, not hot.
They were ok. Way better than the big chains.
I would have given them 4 stars if they hadn't bullshitted me about the delays.

The manager here is very rude.
Did not want to rectify issues of honesty or quality.
The customer is definitely not first with this establishment.

Great food in large portions.
I got a meat calzone and I can easily say that it is the best I've ever eaten.
I would easily eat here again.

Pies so good that we had it two nights in a row, while on vacation.
Incredibly awesome NY style pizza.

Ordered online through Eat24.
Ordered the lunch special consisting of salad, soda and garlic bread.
They forgot to give me the garlic bread (Eat24 reimbursed me for the bread).
The chef salad was good.
Delivery was within 45. minutes and delivery guy was nice.
Will give them a second chance and order from them again.

Order delivery tonight.
Item #6, Pizza and Fingers For 2.
With no delivery charge, it came out to $14 dollars.
The delivery took 45 minutes (as promised), the pizza was delicious!!
!, and the chicken fingers were doused with sauce.
I will probably order again.

Loved this place!
Very flavorful.
Ordered a large supreme pizza... We wanted to save money by going off the strip for a box of pizza.. And this was perfect!
Opens late.
Conveniently down the street from where we were staying.
Will be coming back the next time we are in town :)

