I went into Reviv after a night of hard partying at Hakkasan.
I was extremely hungover and felt like I was knocking on death's door!
I had the shakes, nausea and thought I was going to pass out.
The staff was extremely friendly - they sat me down at their oxygen bar and gave me a run down of the services they provide.
I went with the Royal Flush - which is the best of everything they offer.
At $195 it was worth every penny.
The way I felt when I walked in compared to the way I felt afterwards was incredible.
Patrick and Krista were amazing and very nurturing, periodically checking in and letting me know how I would feel step by step.
The whole process took a little under an hour, and you get to relax in a massage chair.
I can't believe how much better I felt and my condition only improved throughout the day.
I even went out that night.
A bad hangover can really ruin a great trip, so it's great to know these guys can cure you!

This will be the best $99 you've ever spent.
If you're feeling hungover, go there, get a liter of fluids plus awesome vitamins.
Relax for 30 minutes.
Boom.
You feel better.
I walked in there feeling bleh, walked out damn near giddy.
I imagine that if you're seriously hungover, you'll need an extra liter of fluids...but for my particular hangover (could have powered through, but would have felt exhausted the next day), this was a fantastic fix.
Plus, all the b vitamins make you skin look lovely.

I was in Las Vegas for 3 nights of drinking, gaming and apparently losing money.
Day 2 I woke up feeling (and looking) like an extra from Walking Dead.
I thought it was in my best interest to give this crazy IV thing a try.
I went for the Royal Flush.
Within an hour I felt better and by 9pm that night I felt like a new man.
(Liver transplant team put on call.
)   Highly recommend.
But one piece of advice.
If you opt for the anti-puke meds be prepared to be zonked out for 4-5 hours after.
They left me feeling very sluggish and sloth like.

I visited the reviv bar on a morning after Hakkasan...
Went with the $99 package with an extra bag for $20.
Very awesome experience.
This will a part of my future Vegas trips and hopefully in other major cities soon.

Great experience.. Staff far exceeded all expectations I had!
They were friendly and literally made you feel at home..
The process was about an hour while getting a great massage in the chair and watching football on the big screen.
Headache was gone by the time I left, and I felt better than when I arrived sober two days earlier.. Obviously there's no cure for not sleeping for two days straight, so you will still be tired - although still have a great sense of energy - no headache, nausea, and the vitamins put you in a great mood!
I can't wait to go back and will probably start there to pre-hydrate..

REVIV is really amazing!
Vegas can certainly take a toll on the body, but one visit to REVIV and will be ready to go.
Don't waste your time or money on those oxygen booths that are all over, just go to REVIV and you will feel amazing!

Felt like I was coming down with a cold on top of nasty Vegas allergies, went to REVIV, the friendly staff hooked me up to the best IV they offer (Royal Flush), about 45 minutes later, the two bags were empty & I was already starting to feel better.
Left the store and felt a new "pep in my step.
" Started to really feel good about two hours after the service.
Had a noticeable energy boost all night.
The whole process was quick, painless and actually relaxing.
They give you an iPad to use with headphones and you chill out in an over-sized massage chair.
Nice touches.
The next day the dark circles under my eyes (from dehydration) were gone, my eye's were not bloodshot and my skin and hair felt smooth.
Lasted several days.
I saw the benefits and I am now a believer in IV therapy.
I will be back and I am happy to recommend REVIV.
Great staff / convenient location.
It's easy to access, right inside the door from the parking garage at the MGM Grand.
Tried the competitors located off the strip, they did not compare and this is is the new industry standard in a casino, on the strip.
Thank you REVIV!

Well...it wouldn't be a trip to Vegas without being so hungover that going to basement of MGM for an IV sounds like a good idea.
For record- I'm writing this on behalf of my hungover honey.
He got the $100 package and said it was well worth.
An anesthesiologist was the one who placed an IV, so you know it's legit.
The only thing worse than being hungover?
Being hungover on the day you fly home.
This was a life saver for him.
*I like the suggestion some one else made in their Yelp review of pre-hydrating.
* worth a try to avoid the hangover?
Why not!

Fast and easy service.
The employees are nice, professional, and the room where the IV is started is sterile which was a nice relief.
It's an interesting concept and definitely is a must for someone who is hungover or nauseous.
After a long week of a business conference, meetings, and late nights, it felt incredible to get a boost before flying home.
This way I can be productive on the flight and not focus on my sleep deprivation.
I'd strongly recommend the Royal Flush.
It's more money, but you get the whole package and they can customize the vitamins and pharmaceutical additives to meet your needs.
Plus you get a half hour plus massage chair session.
Cheers!

