Excellent food!!
Great Service!!
The Cajun Chicken sandwich was fantastic.. Mac&Cheese to die for.. BBQ baby back ribs, Southern Fried Chicken, ALL delish!!
Being a TX girl & loving my BBQ- this has become the only place in Vegas to go to.
Highly recommend for the BBQ  & it has a well rounded menu for all foodies.

This place literally opened a few days ago!
I knew I had to rush home and write this review, so I can be the 2nd person to review this place!
When searching for a  restaurant to eat at, today at work, my eyes came across this restaurant.
I'm super familiar with Lucilles BBQ and definitely feel strongly about their food.
I was super excited to try this new location out!
It's located right next to the Yard House in the Red Rock Casino.
Such a beautiful location to begin with.
When you walk in, the hostess station blocks the entire restaurant, almost creating a curious affect amongst guests.
Once you round the corner, you're taken into a backyard BBQ oasis!
Southern pictures, vintage dressers and leg lamps from Rocky Horror Picture Show adorn the restaurant.
The middle focal point is definitely the bar.
Huge rectangular bar top dressed with flat screens playing sports games and other shows.
You can't help but stare at it.
The restaurant is created to look like you're on gramma's porch, then in her backyard, then in a garden and even a Bourbon style hotel.
This location is unlike any other Lucille's that I've ever been to.
SUPER COOL!
The staff.
Man, the staff is on point!
I know this location just opened, however, they are really paying attention to the detail.
The greeters are perky and friendly, the seaters wasn't afraid to strike up a conversation with us as he sat us.
Our server, Joshua, was super attentive, nice and personable.
Whatever we needed, he was there to help.
All the other servers and serving assistants, kept coming back to our table and offering any type of service that would make our experience that much better.
In fact, during dinner, I looked my party and said, "wow, what I like is that they always come around and clear any dirty dishes so our table isn't cluttered.
"  ON POINT.
The managers, Jessica, Chila and Jeff even came by to say hi.
For dinner, we started with a full size order of the Southern Fried Dill Pickles for $6.49.
It came with 10 pickle spears, battered in spicy flour and deep fried.
This dish is accompanied with ranch dressing and creole mustard.
The batter is light and airy, the wedges aren't too sour, just right!
Juicy and delicious.
My favorite sauce, the creole mustard is flavorful and really enhances the overall taste.
Great dish.
For my meal, I got the Fried Shrimp Po' Boy Sandwich for $11.99.
One of my favorite sandwiches!
Lots of small fried shrimp served on a fresh baked baguette with shredded lettuce, vine-ripened tomatoes, smoked jalapeno tartar sauce and spicy remoulade.
The shrimp was super crispy, sliced tomatoes and lettuce offered a very refreshing taste to the sandwich.
The tartar and remoulade makes you think it's spicy, but certainly not.
The combination of both sauces really takes this sandwich to a whole new level.
It's a huge sandwich and will definitely fill you up!
Between the food, biscuits and apple butter, and mason jars, this place is certainly the BEST BBQ WITH THE FINEST SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY.
I'm so jealous of Summerlin residents.
I live in Henderson and frequent the District location.
This location is new, it's fresh, it's awesome!
When you're in the area, definitely check them out.
You will NOT be disappointed!

Could have been a five star review and probably will be on my next visit, but 4 for now.
The reasons for the lost of a star are the air conditioning is super cold in there.
Not normally a problem, but there doesn't  seem to be any spots in the back dining room to escape the AC.
This is a problem, because the food gets cold quickly once it hits the table.
The 2nd issue was the Baby back ribs were a little on the dry side.
Good flavor, but maybe just a little well done.
With that out of the way, this was still a positive 4 star experience.
Service was something to be seen in person.
Great model of how to service your guest.
Ordered the sample appetizer platter.
The tri tips were outstanding!
As well as every item on the platter.
The entree was the 2 meat combo.
It included the already mentioned baby back ribs and Brisket.
The Brisket was top notch.
Sides were authentically good too.
They were cheese grits and collard greens.
They look to have a really good happy hour too.
There's no doubt in my mind the next time will be 5 star!
So happy to have Lucille's in Summerlin!

The appetizers and sides are delicious!
In terms of meat and sauce....I say Famous Dave's has them beat on the pulled pork, chicken and ribs.
Coleslaw is fresh and yummy but I prefer the extra kick Famous Dave's slaw offers with the horseradish.
The rib tips were great as long as there wasn't too much sauce on them.
The deserts looked amazing but we were far too full to try.
The biscuits beat corn bread any day!
If you're at the Red Rock Lucielle's or The Yard House is the way to go for sure.

So glad another Lucille's in town !

Had a good morning playing Hold 'Em at Red Rock and noticed they have a Lucille's now.
I'm a BBQ fanatic, so a visit on the way out seemed in order.
Staff was awesome...extremely attentive and friendly.
Was seated and waited on promptly.
Went with the lunch BBQ platter, which includes three meats.
Chose a hot link, beef tri-tip, and baby back ribs.
The sausage was absolutely off the hook...spicy and succulent.
One of the best I have ever had.
The tri-tip was excellent as well: perfectly cooked, sliced, and the dipping sauce was delicious.
The baby back ribs were a major disappointment.
Overcooked, dry, and stringy.
The local pitmaster really needs to be more attentive to this...when a restaurant identifies itself as a BBQ, ribs need to be cooked competently.
Not sure whether I like the sugar dusted biscuits...tasty, but I'm more of a cornbread guy.
Mac and cheese side was absolutely solid...not the best I've had, but a solid four stars in any foodies book.
No room for desert this time...will try again in a couple of weeks and focus on all three styles of ribs offered to see if the pitmaster gets his 'Q act together.
===================================================  Second visit.
One week later.
Had the three meat combo again, this time with St. Louis ribs, 1/4 chicken and another off-the-hook hot link.
The ribs were very good...smoked just right.
The chicken was fine, but nothing exceptional.
Link was just as good as the first I had.
Baked been side was a bit on the sweet side...a little more kick would have balanced it out perfectly.
Had the banana pudding to top things off...in a word, WONDERFUL.
One weird thing.
Sat at a table by the bar...when the A/C kicked in you could feel the floor vibrate.
Odd, but I can live with it.
Going back in a few days to give the baby backs another chance.

Awesome Lunch at this brand new addition to Red Rock!
Never really enjoyed previous visits to Lucille's in Cali, but my family loves BBQ so...
This new BBQ place really hits it out of the park with food, drinks, jazz music mood, & staff working hard to welcome customers...
Enjoyed nachos, BBQ chicken salad, peach iced tea, & Mint Julep for dessert...  Did not want to leave & will be back!

I finally discovered Lucille's last year and was thrilled when I found out they were opening in Red Rock - no more 30 minute drive.
Got a free night and went late.
It wasn't busy and I was surprised on how big it was , our waitress was Wendy and she was so nice,informative, helpful and offered us a tea to go- bf was happy !
Didn't think we'd have a bad experience but knowing restaurants that just open wasn't sure ...
But it was great and of course the food never disappoints.
Just wish I could make it to dessert.. Will probably be back on the weekly.
Only down was the hostess were confused on reservations and got it mixed up but no biggie

They were located on W Charleston Blvd in the Red Rock Casino next to the Yard House in Las Vegas.
I walked in the door from the outside without going into the casino.
They have been open since 19 August 2013.
I ordered from the lunch menu.
I ordered the Baby Back ribs and hot link with the  Honey Roasted Peanut Slaw.
The server brought me a large mason jar of water with a slice of lemon.
The server asked me if I wanted biscuits.
She brought out one warm sugar dusted biscuit in a basket with a small container of some kind of spread.
She didn't tell me what it was.
It tasted like a cinnamon cream cheese spread.
When I did finally ask her, she said it was an Apple Cinnamon Butter.
I would go back just for the biscuits.
The 3 Baby Back ribs were not very meaty, but they were almost fall off the bone.
There were 3 bottles of BBQ sauce on the table.
I did not get a chance to try them since the ribs had plenty of sauce for my liking.
Next time I would try the St Louis ribs which are supposed to be meatier.
The hot link was grilled perfectly and I would order it again.
The slaw was crunchy  with slices of bell pepper and chopped honey roasted peanuts.
There was a little too much dressing at the bottom of the bowl.
It should have been tossed rather than poured on.
The dressing was an oil base rather than mayonaise.
I had to ask for extra paper napkins during my meal because I didn't want to mess up the cloth napkin.
The server brought me a hot towel for my sticky hands at the end of my meal which was a nice touch.
It was a lot nicer than a cold wet nap.
I was able to use some of my Station Casino points on my player's card to pay the bill.
The manager came by and had me sign some receipts.
I will be back soon with a friend so we can get $5 off a $20 purchase for signing up for their Preferred Guest emails.
Happy Hour also looks like a good deal.

I stopped by to check out the new Lucille's for happy hour.
They are still going through some opening pains that caused the service to be below expectations.
Hopefully the service will improve as the staff gains more experience.
The highlight was the wedge salad - delicious with the crispy smoked bacon bits.
The Irish nachos (French fries with cheese) were tasty but got soggy as they cooled off.
The fried green tomatoes were good but the batter broke off of the tomatoes when cut.
The rib tips  and sausage were well prepared but in general I find Lucille's BBQ sauce too sweet for my taste.
I also didn't really care for the biscuits with sugar on top.
Finally the happy hour drink choices: They have a good selection of Skky Vodka martinis but I found their happy hour beer selections limited primarily to their house brews.

So happy they opened this at Red Rock!
Food was great!
Service was good!
They just opened last week and you can tell they are still working the kinks out.
Will be back, hopefully they will have it more together then.

This opinion may change when I give this place a second chance but for now here is how I feel.....I was really excited to try this place as I've been to their location in Southern California and loved my experience there so I did have high expectations for tonight.
When we first walked in the hostess informed us that "it's a 20-30 minute wait".
We ask if we can eat at the bar and her reply was "um yeah but last I checked it was full" so we give her our name as we preferred a table but found a few seats at the bar.
Then, as soon as we sit down at the bar, my mom gets the "text message" that our table was ready.
This was my first sign that this restaurant hired an idiot for a hostess since that was only 5 minutes not 20.
We went along and ended up at a table in the loudest part of the restaurant, that was a second sign that I was not going to enjoy this visit.
Then a random employee not sure what her position was but she took our drink orders and our server appeared right as she brought them to our table.
She weirdly confirmed our drinks and then walked away and then finally came back a few minutes later to actually take our order.
I found it very odd that when I told her I wanted the "Smoked Chicken Pasta" she had to confirm that was a real item on the menu, but then again their menu is large.
So then we waited with our two complimentary biscuits and waited and waited and about 45 minutes later we finally got our food!
My mom ordered the Original Pulled Pork Sandwich but for some reason they gave her the Memphis which has cole slaw, but since we were both starving she didn't care and ate it anyway.
Now, when I read the menu I read the description as "pepper" not "peppers" so I didn't realize my food came with "bell peppers" which I am not a fan of.
I tried to eat the dish instead of send it back but every bite became more and more disgusting and I just felt unsatisfied knowing that this dish was going to be $13.49 and I had to wait 45 minutes for it and it didn't even taste good to me since I dislike bell peppers and it was covered in them.
We let the waitress know that I was not a fan and reminded her that we were trying to make a movie that started in 20 minutes and after 15 minutes the manager finally arrived at our table.
I spoke with him and he did the usual, "oh we are sorry but is there anything else I can make for you" but what upset me the most was when I mentioned how long it took he became defensive and just babbled until I reminded him that we were going to be late for our movie.
He finally shut up and comped both our dishes so we ended up just paying for our drinks and I left a decent tip to be nice.
I'll give this place a second chance, but it won't be on a Saturday Night before a movie.
At least all I missed were the previews.....

So glad to have another Lucille's in Vegas!
Awesome happy hour.
I got the fried dill pickles and the brisket and portabello sandwich.
Both were delish!
Unfortunately no room for dessert.
Service was awesome.
I was surprised the secret isn't out yet about they're opening, it wasn't crowded like the green valley ranch location.
Can't wait to go back.

Decent food, but the service is terrible!
We went to this location on their opening day, there was barely anyone in the restaurant around 11:00 AM, yet it took an hour to receive our food.
When we did finally get the food, there were lipstick prints on my friend's glass (none of us wore lipstick), which was absolutely gross.
The waiter was nonchalant, when he took the time to actually check on us.
When we advised the manager of everything that occurred, she apologized and stated that they don't hand wash the glasses.
I've been to a number of restaurants that have dishwashers and I've never had fresh lip prints on my glass.
The food was average.
The meat was tough and dry, everyone at my table had different cuts of meat and we all experienced the same issue.
The sides were good.
All in all, this location did not compare to the other Lucille's I have eaten at.

Finally fried pickles on this side of town I love the location in green valley when I lived over there I went all the time!
Im so happy their in red rock.....I was light on my food order I just got the brisket nachos (O.K.
) fried pickles!!!!!
(these rock!
) and the southern fried chicken sandwich (amazing good) .....of course I split that with my hubby.....The service was great our server mariana was awesome ...all n all I hope they stay!

I love Lucille's in Henderson and have been there a number of times but there's something about  this new Lucille's I don't like-  they are so chintzy!
they don't want to give you enough biscuits, and the baby back ribs are ridiculously tiny.
Considering the prices, I don't want to spend my money there.

Wife and I have been here twice and I must say, for being open just a few weeks, the food and service has been very good.
Hope it only gets better.

Worst Customer service!!!!
was not happy at all will not come back.

Definitely a chain and therefore variable.
We have been to Lucille's other location in town a few times and its always hit or miss.
Here was no different.
the service was attentive and good.
She kept our drinks full and brought us two baskets of biscuits as we had multiple kids at the table.
The mistake they made was bringing the adults meals prior to the kids meals.
They should have come out first or at least all together.
The baby back ribs were good, fell off the bone so they were tender but they didn't pack much flavor.
The tri tip also was tender and lean this time and the sauce it came with was better than eating it with bbq sauce but again not a ton of flavor without the sauce.
The corn on the cob my friend got was juicy and good, the veggies another one got was seasoned well but my sweet potato (and i love sweet potatoes) was runny and bland.
We were all too full for dessert........we would come back due to the convenient location but for bbq itself we would go elsewhere.
The issue we had too was that happy hour was only at the bar, so if we came with the kids after school we would be able to have food but not participate in happy hour.
when we asked about it too we were told definitely not.
So we would just go next door where we all could enjoy happy hour.

Being a big fan of the Henderson location was extremely excited to have one a lot closer.
The Good:  Service was decent Chicken wings & onion rings were very good Side salad was decent  The Bad:  We ordered a full rack of St. Louis Spare Ribs.
They appeared tasty we each cut a few off and took a few bites.
Something was just not right.
The best way I can explain the taste is if you were to dump a ton of lighter fluid over a charcoal grill and use it immediately after.
We spoke with the manager and she agreed to bring another rack of ribs.
This time baby rack - Maybe it was just a single occurrence?
They had the same exact flavor.
Something is broken.
They confirmed something was not right.
Not sure how everyone else was just eating away.
They comped the full meal ($15) of sides and we left feeling sick and with a headache.
Extremely disappointed.
Will give it another shot but not for a while.

I didn't know Lucille's existed at Red Rock, we were actually there to go to another restaurant and the smells MADE us walk in.
We were there on a Sunday but after the usual lunch rush and we were seated immediately.
The place is designed to look like a Memphis neighborhood and it's adorable.
You feel like you are in a private courtyard having a down home BBQ.
The staff is very friendly and abundant.
At times I felt that there was more staff than customers, but they are happy to be at work and it reflects.
We ordered Fried Okra http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=QPkwidK5tNowIAqaXyhW5g&userid=ZGoIAIfTuJeR0pwWDRL6sA  and Fried Green Tomatoes http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=frsSYty3-wDSpFLo6poEfw&userid=ZGoIAIfTuJeR0pwWDRL6sA  as our starters.
They were both excellent but the sauces they served them with really made them stand out.
The BBQ Ranch sauce they make is fabulous.
For our main courses I ordered the Carolina Baked Potato with pulled pork, cheese, red onions and BBQ ranch sauced stuffed in it.
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=ZGoIAIfTuJeR0pwWDRL6sA  It was really tasty and I could not eat the whole thing.
It came with a side Caesar Salad.
Hubby ordered the St. Louis Ribs with Tri-Tip off of the lunch menu, it comes with a side and he chose the shoestring potatoes.
He loved his meal except the ribs are a dry rub not sauced and he found them very dry.
They do have several signature BBQ sauces on the table to use though.
We really enjoyed our meal but there was a very VERY long wait for our main courses, which made no sense to me because realistically this type of food has already been prepared hours earlier.
The staff apologized and would keep reassuring us that it was on the way, but they never gave us a reason for the long wait.
The appetizers came out immediately and I know those had to be prepared per order, so I am confused.
Definitely would go back for another visit, but we if they make us wait like that again, it will be a pass.

Absolutely amazing food!!
Nothing was cold, dry, or tasteless.
The server Joseph did an amazing job and I didn't have to wait for refills or look for him to get me things for the table.
Very glad to have a Lucille's so close to home.
Will definitely be back!

BEYOND THRILLED we finally have one in Summerlin!
I really love this place!
I've been to the one in Henderson many times, and the Summerlin location is just as amazing!
In fact, I went three times for dinner the first week it opened!
The servers recognized me and my kids!
It was kind of funny, I have to admit.
Outstanding barbeque.
I just love this restaurant!
Thank you for coming to Summerlin!

This location is located in the Red Rock Casino.
You can enter and exit either through the casino or from the parking lot.
I like the fact that you don't have to walk through the casino to get inside.
Great food as always.
Doesn't matter which location you go to, it is always consistently good food.
They have a great menu if you enjoy Barbecue.
The Beef Ribs are excellent.
The best I can remember eating anywhere.
They are meaty and tender and the sauce is amazing.
The BBQ Chicken and the brisket are also excellent.
I could go over each item, but I can promise you there is nothing on the menu that will disappoint you.
Catfish, burgers, salads, side dishes...etc, all are awesome!

This was my second visit on a Sunday night.
We entered through the Red Rock Casino rather  than from the outside door.
The hostess was very friendly.
She seated us and talked to us for a few minutes.
The server was also friendly, but very busy.
It took about 20 minutes to get our warm biscuits with Apple Cinnamon Butter  that I had been craving since my first visit.
We shared the St Louis rib platter that came with 2 sides.
The ribs were meaty and tender.
I actually preferred them over the Baby Back ribs.
The sweet potato fries were ok.
The Honey Roasted Peanut Slaw was a little too acidic.
We were brought out warm towels for our hands at the end of our meal.
We had a $5 off coupon for signing up for their Preferred Guest emails.
One of the managers took off the discount on our bill.
We will be back for the biscuits and Apple Cinnamon Butter.

YANKEE BAR B QUE  !!!!!!!
been better off to eat a bologna sandwich .
i cant believe they can call this BAR B QUE.......

Oh my!
This BBQ Smokehouse located inside the RedRock Casino is amazing.
They actually SMOKE the meat 2-12hrs in-house.
We got Peach and Watermelon Iced Tea which was served in huge mason jars with an orange wedge.
AMAZING!
We wanted to artichoke appetizer, but our server said it was out of season and not up to their standards so they would not serve it.
bummer   My sister and I shared the ribs and shrimp entree' that came with 2 sides.
We chose sweet potato mash and mac n' cheese  The ribs were tasty and not dowsed in sauced.
THey fell off the bone and with their in-house spicy bbq sauce it was delish!
The shrimp were butterflied and grilled to perfection.
Wish there were more than 4 pieces.
THe sweet potato mash had a hint of cinnamon!
Perfect for beginning of fall :) The mac n' cheese was broiled to perfection.
Size of the sides were enough for 2 people!
My husband got the trio platter of Roasted Chiken (it melted like cotton candy!!
) Tri Tip and beef ribs (didnt try but he said he can't wait to go back)  overall amazing experience with amazing service.

First time for happy hour at Flying Pig.
Friendly staff but biscuits were rock Hard, ribs and pulled pork were tough!
This was disappointing and maybe just an off day.

Had a great meal here tonight.
My wife and I shared a meal and had leftovers to take home.
Place was packed with a lot of smiling faces.
Food and service were great as usual.
We will be going back as Red Rock Casino is a fav of ours

Ok i may be biased because i already know of Lucilles and have enjoyed their Ribs long ago in California.
Use to love to go for lunch and get the rib tips.
BUT that was over 7 yrs ago.
Since moving to Vegas Famous Daves are more around than Lucilles and driving to Henderson for happy hour isnt that appealing.
SO such much excitement when i found out they were finally putting one at the Red Rock Casino location.
SCORE you cant get no better than that.
So  this was my 2nd time to this location and i will say since its new there are some kinks that need and will be worked out.
Love the Happy Hour specials just need to make sure the staff knows exactly what really on special and whats not.. dont like surprises on the bill, but manager fixed it so no problem.
The biscuit was so hard i really scratched my friend as i rubbed it on her hand jokingly.
They quickly gave me some soft fresh biscuits as we laughed about it.
As we sat at the bar area across from the smoker, i thought i was done ordering until they opened the smoker and all that deliciousness smell came drifting out along with slabs of mouth watering ribs.
Um waitress please add some rib tibs to my order please.
OMG that the best thing ever.
How could u pass it up after smelling it and seeing it pass by lol i couldnt.
Yep its only been a few weeks.
I got faith they will step it up and be even better.
The atmosphere is great nice and comfortable.
Will be going back and taking lots of friends.

Get the costco gift certificates and save some money.
The Fried chicken salad for lunch was very good, but they only have it at lunch.
Portion size are good, bbq chicken was moist and sauces on the table are good.
late night happy hour was good for drinks at a casino that is a plus.
but the apps were disappointing, fries were small, patio skins were way too cheesy, fired pickles were ok, irish nachos were good, house beer was good.

I love Lucilles .
Their chicken is wonderful.
The bed pudding is great and the service and atomosphere are also great.
I would go there over and over.

Ok, so I'll admit it..it was my first time.
..and it won't be my last ;) Eating at this Bbq heaven I say!
Ok, waitress was very lingering.
.felt like she wanted to braid my hair and feed me every morsel of my food.
.UGG.. Food was beyond delicious, wait time was a lil more than we had expected,  but my husband and I had no other obligations.
Because this establishment is still in its infancy,  im sure it will get better in time.
A word of business advice.
..hire older, well established staff for a brand new restaurant.
.not the teen bops currently standing around in that beautiful new restaurant :) With that said, I will be back.

Overpriced, save some money and go to Famous Dave's more bang for your buck and the food tastes the same if not better.

The food is great.
The waiters are hit-or-miss.
The hostesses are incompetent.
Good luck with them getting your name and phone number right on the waitlist.
Expect a text right away confirming they have the right number.
No text means they input your number wrong or not at all.

I enjoy Lucille's very much!
Once they opened the location in summerlin I was stoked and sure enough my first meal (stl ribs Mac&greens) were bomb!
So delicious I went back for seconds in the same week and I was disappointed, the ribs were tough, it just wasn't as good..
I was really pulling for them when I went back a third time after a long day of work(I just really wanted that same experience from the first meal) ugh I was utterly disgusted!!!
The ribs were inedible, however it was so late at night at and I was exhausted I just chopped it up as a loss='(I pray the next time I go this doesn't happen again but when the food is good it's good that's why they get 3 stars

Amazing ribs and pulled pork.
Also had the peach lemonade, it was great.
Our server was awesome.
Definite recommend to anyone who loves BBQ.
I will definitely go back again soon.

Food is close to 4 stars, but the prices are 2 stars, so let's call it 3 stars....
I'd eat here a lot more if it wasn't $30 for a combo BBQ plate.
Granted, you get a lot of food...A lot...But, I'd rather go to a hole in the wall BBQ joint and get a $15 dollar platter of messy BBQ on a paper plate....But, if you're in the mood for BBQ and some drinks and a little classier sit down dinner experience, give Lucille's a shot.
It definitely blows Famous Dave's and the other bigger BBQ chains out of the water....

Ok, I've been to the one in Hendo and this one is def worse than the oh so perfect Hendo location!
We went here on a Saturday evening and were seated quickly.
I asked if happy hour was still on and the man said no, then the sweet lady said it was and that we would be able to take advantage of it in the bar area AND still have Santiago, SCORE!
We were sat next to the water in front of Red Rock, so it was super nice!
As the night went on it got a bit chilly, but we were ok.  Im going to keep this short, out waiter was an idiot and didnt listen to us whilst taking our order and messed up half of it.
We then politley asked for it to be corrected and he AGAIN didnt pay attention so we ended up having an incorrect order.
THEN we askd a waitress for a set of tableware and she looked at us as though we were asking for a million dollars, then only reason we asked was because they didnt give us enough!!
The food was cold and flavorless and we were basically ignored 90% of the night due to a large party in the bar area.
The supervisors and most of the waitstaff were kissing this groups behind and it was getting pathetic.
There we sat waiting, and waiting, and waiting.
Cold food and all!
We asked to speak to the manager and our server gave us a dirty look and asked why?
WHAT!?
Why?
Because I said so!
Jesus!
The manager was not helpful and said it was because they were still new and hadnt been opened a long time.
BULLSHIT!
Your servers and staff are just a bunch of arrogant morons.
The end!

Our party of 5 (4 adults, 1 child) had a great dining experience here tonight.
Food was great and the portions were huge.
I had the Mardi Gras Chicken, my fav, and I had enough to take home for two meals!
We all enjoyed our food.
My fav part of dinner though was the peach lemonade,  YUMMMMMMMM!!!
Out waitress, she was awesome; great sense of humor and was nice enough to laugh at our loud mouthed friend who was constantly cracking jokes.
I know they're new, but we had a great experience.
No complaints here.
We will deff be back!

We had such great service from Dana, the food and drinks for great at a good price

We decided to try Lucille's tonight with take out.
I did an online order this morning for pick up at 4:30 PM.
I was ten minutes early and it was ready yet which is good because it wasn't made ahead of time and sitting somewhere.
The online ordering was a big plus!!
I got an original pulled pork sandwich with a side of mac and cheese.
My wife got the Cajun chicken sandwich with a side of garlic mashed.
One of the problems with what I got was simply the fact that it's take out.
I live nearby, but pulled pork isn't boiling hot when it's placed in the bun and therefore it wasn't a hot sandwich and in fact wasn't warm.
Luke warm would be closer to the temperature of the meat.
The mac and cheese stayed warm.
I thought the sandwich was dry even though the menu says it's tossed in their special sauce.
Maybe I should have asked for some BBQ sauce to go.
There was no toss that I could discern.
The mac and cheese was very good.
My wife liked her sandwich although she thought it was very spicy hot.
She liked the garlic mashed side.
I guess I'm just not a BBQ person.
Nothing about BBQ blows my socks off.
If I came back to Lucille's, it would be for a dinner of mac and cheese.
I'll take international cuisines or a good steak before I'd get this.
There's one other BBQ place I need to try before I put a nail in my BBQ coffin and lower it in the ground.
The price/value just isn't there.
But, Lucille's is OK--Just.

Tried Lucille's for lunch.
The service was prompt and the server was friendly.
Between the two of us we had the Baby Back Ribs.
Pulled Pork, Hot Link and a Chicken Breast.
The sides were coleslaw and mashed potatoes.
Both sides were good.
The ribs, pulled pork and chicken were tasty with the right amount of sauce and not too much smoke.
The hot link was nothing special.
I did encounter 2 pieces of fat in the hot link.
My biggest surprise was the size of the rib bones.
I have never seen rib bones that were as short as Lucille's.
I consider myself a student of BBQ, an avid backyard smoker and have had ribs all over the USA from Memphis in May to the Reno BBQ Fest.
These were miniature bones.
I asked the server why the bones were so short and if an entire slab would have all short bones.
She did not know but was willing to ask the manager.
The manager's answer was that pigs come in all sizes???
There are other restaurants in Las Vegas that serve better BBQ and at a lower price point.
In summary, Lucille's is just OK

Had the baby back ribs and the portions were gigantic!
The sauce was tasty, the meat was tender, and the sides (full sized corn on the cob and huge baked potato).
The best though was the Snicker's ice cream pie for dessert.
YUM!
Not cheap though $75 for the two of us for dinner.

After eating at the District Lucille's for years, I was expecting to like this location at least as much as I like the District location.
I will say, the bar is much nicer.
The seats are comfortable, you don't feel crammed, and there are plenty of TVs.
From where we were sitting, each guy was easily able to see his NFL game of choice.
But, the food fell short of the District location.
The fried onion straws were pretty much the same, they needed seasoning.
But, I find this to be the issue at the District location as well.
My catfish po' boy, on the other hand, was nowhere near the quality I get at the District location.
The bread was tough, not quite stale, but certainly not fresh.
This problem was compounded by the fact that the sandwich, which comes with 2 sauces, was nearly dry.
So, I had to order more of each sauce (a remoulade and tartar sauce).
This wait caused the sandwich to cool down, which made eating it less pleasant when I finally got the sauces.
The macaroni and cheese was standard, it was similar if not exactly the same as the District location.
I'm sure I'll give the Red Rock Lucille's another shot.
The service was good, and like I said, it's a much better bar area.
But, I'll order something else and hope that this food is more similar to the food I've enjoyed for years at the District location.

This restaurant did not disappoint.
It was amazing service and the food was delicious.
I had the tritip and the bf had the combo.
Also, the banana pudding was awesome!

great place for either lunch or dinner!
i believe their lunch menu is 12-4 they have great prices on that if you're thinking about trying this place..ive been here on several different occasions and every time i have received exceptional service!
theyre food is outstanding REAL BBQ!!
and their drinks too my fave being the Crocodile Cooler (its got 5 diff rums).
and the staff is always super friendly, i love it!

I order the same thing every time I go here: baby back pork ribs and mash potatoes, with a peach lemonade.
It's delicious.
I prefer their original BBQ sauce, but the sweet & spicy one is good too.
The only kicker is that the ribs can be dry sometimes.
Hmm.
The service can also be a bit slow, but it's a casual spot...
So bring friends and be prepared to hang out!

So, I (capital letters) HATE Barbecue.
Ok, maybe not hate, but if I had a choice, BBQ and eating nothing I'd choose nothing ...
Except for Lucille's!
I'm not a fan of smoked (anything) but they put just the right amount of smoke in the Q that I don't feel like I myself am inhaling the smoke directly from the smoker.
Their Memphis BBQ sauce is what makes it for me.
I hearts me some garlic and that sauce has the right amount of everything!
Another one of the "hooray" moments I had was when they told us that they had unsweetened flavored teas, WHAT?!
I dislike sweet tea, a lot.
If I want a pound of sugar in my water, I'll ask for syrup.
And most places have flavored tea but it's always sweetened and me no likey.
They have watermelon, peach, regular and sweet tea.
They have a nice backyard BBQ theme and have a stage in the "Flying Pig Lounge" which leads me to believe that they intend to use it one day for a live band.
It'd be pretty cool to come in for a live band or even a comedy show :)  After the failed restaurants in this space, I hope this one sticks around!

I waffled on writing a second review for this particular Lucille's, as I've written one for the other spot in Green Valley before.
However, I feel like the experience here was different enough to warrant a location-specific review.
My other review mentions things like the quality of the meats, the sugar content of the everything, and the ever-presence of high fructose corn syrup.
None of this has changed, and the food is still just "A-OK", as Yelp calls it.
Not special, not outstanding, but also not bad and if you know what you're in for you will get exactly what you expect.
The difference in this review comes down to the building itself, the staff, and the bar.
First, the building seems either much larger or just better laid out.
It isn't a great layout, but it *is* better than the one in The District in my opinion.
There seems to be just more space, even if that space seems awkwardly placed.
Second, the staff at this particular one seems more friendly, happier to be at work.
Maybe it's because they are a new place and none of the employees have become jaded corporate worker drones yet.
Who knows?
Third, the bar.
They mix the drinks stronger.
It's as simple as that.
Everything I've ordered at the one in The District has been delicious.
Everything I've ordered at this one has been strong, tasted like mildly flavored booze instead of a mixed drink where the alcohol fades into the overall flavor.
For some people that may be great, but I don't like the taste of well-quality alcohol and having it in the background of an otherwise delicious drink was a welcoming way to get a good night started.

Me and my hubby went there for a earlier dinner, the restaurant itself is nice, and clean ( new of course ) But why do you need 50+ server ( maybe even more) on a slow weekday?
So, we were literately been watching, maybe stare the whole time,  because 98% of them have nothing to do but stand there and chatting.... super uncomfortable, and the manager was like whatever.
Ｉ think Ill stick to the Henderson's Lucille.

Great to have in Summerlin

As far as chain Bar-B-Que goes I have always preferred Lucille's over Famous Dave's so I am happy one finally opened in my neighborhood.
Their honey butter is addicting!
Our waiter, Christopher, was friendly and knowledgeable as far as the drink and regular menu was concerned.
He didn't steer me wrong with the Minty Julep with Gentleman Jack and the Crocodile.
I ordered the half rack with two sides.
I feel the price is a little high but that's to be expected with a chain Bar-B-Que establishment.
The whole table loved the shredded onion appetizer.
We went on a Friday night around 7, party of three, and had no problem being seated.
I would like to go back and try their Happy Hour in the bar so maybe next visit.

We finally tried the Red Rock location and we liked it.
There were big portions and I couldn't even finish my meal.
We tried the Fried Dill pickles.
It was pretty good.

Love the Lucille's in Henderson so we thought we would try the one at Red Rock because it was closer.
Went on a sunday night and was seated promptly.
The waitress took our orders but had to come back twice to see how I wanted my steak and what kind of potatoes I wanted.
When the food came it was warm.
Had the new york strip.
Very taisty.
They put a dollop of butter on the steak, but it isn't hot enough to melt it.
We will go back and hopfully the wait staff is less forgettful.

The food was great and the service was great.
Went on a Friday about 7 and was seated in about 10 mins.
Make sure you do the call ahead before you go so you don't have to wait.

Only real BBQ in summerlin area .
Cute restaurant / good service .
Try the fried pickles.
My kids love the strawberry lemonade .

great BBQ, nice and clean , good service, will go back.

Came here again tonight, this time just us girls, partay of 2.
Only about a 5 min wait (arrived about 5:15 pm) and we didn't like our "lawn table" we were sat at so they moved us to a nice booth next to the outside window over looking the water features, kinda cool.
You know what's cool also?
They didn't bitch or seem irritated (that they let on anyway) that we asked to be moved.
This time our server was Amanda.
She was awesome.
Kept our peach teas filled.
Had a great demeanor.
And never left us hanging.
Always smiling.
She was great.
Thumbs up from me and the cousin!

Placed a to go order for tri tip and spicy smoked sausage.
They said it would be ready in 20 minutes.
I showed up after 20 minutes and the hostess acted as if she had no idea how to ring me up or ring up what I ordered.
That part wasn't the problem but training your staff properly is always a good idea.
My food was cold and the portions was extremely small for the $32 that I was charged.
I live 2 minutes away from Red Rock casino and will drive to Famous Dave's next time.

I have tried the location in Green Valley as take out only and really wasn't all that impressed with the food, but after hearing of other people's good experiences I decided to give it another go.
What could be better, they have since opened a newer location (August 2013) much closer to my location in Red Rock, so it was easy to get to and a straight shot from my house.
Lucille's has two happy hours per day, and I was coming for their 9 till close option.
I got there a bit early and hung out at the bar till 9, not an issue.
When 9pm rolled around, we decided to move to a table, and I found out you HAD to sit in a special section only for it, odd but ok.
Wait staff was nice, but each one had some flaw that was a bit offputing.
This evening I went each person had a habit of either talking down about their employer or it's food, which is a bit worrysome if you are just sitting down to eat and somebody has been saying some unsavory things that WORKS there.
The happy hour menu had a pretty good selection.
We ordered drinks (which are also discounted) and found that one after the other we tried were not very strong and mostly syrup.
I hope their full priced versions are a bit better, I kept my choices of drinks to a minimum.
Everything tasted alright, but more commercially prepared and not something I would find myself coming back for.
Wait staff was friendly, but our server did disappear from his section for a while.
Each server introduced themselves as "hi my name is "x," and I'll be your server until "y" get's back from her break.
We ended up having like three servers during the course of the night.
The complaints I have are minor, but after time even 2-3 minor items can add up to a less then perfect evening.
Would I come back...maybe.
Would I suggest to others...probably not.
Not bad if you don't have all that many expectations.
It was simply ok, just very unorganized and servers/bartenders seemed young and just there for a paycheck.

Second visit here at Lucille's Red Rock and under awed with the cooking, again.
First time here, a Saturday night, I had a dinner salad with tri tip and way too much long-sliced scallions (onion).
Whole thing was drenched in dressing making it just taste bleh.
This time was a Wednesday, lunch special (3pm), stuffed baked potato with beef.
Way hard to cut potato even using a steak knife (no joke) and the beef was chewy / rubbery, even under melted cheese - they left potato on warmer / heat lamp too long.
Also, way too much long-sliced scallions as garnish.
Why not offer chives as an additional pay-for option?
Tried Lucille's beer sampler this time and only their version of wheat beer paired well with any of the food, in spite of what alcohol menu & server said.
Three other samples (blonde, and ??
) were each very bitter.
Also, just an FYI, happy hour prices are only in the bar.
They'd make more money if they allowed happy hour prices in the whole restaurant, like other Las Vegas chain restaurants.
On positive note, the server apologized for both my kid's meals coming out ten minutes (not exaggerating) after my wife's & my plates.
The fries had sat out too long & got soggy, so they had to fry up another batch.
I never make a fuss in a restaurant, as I've worked in the industry.
I'll go back one more time, as my kids like the Mac & cheese here.
We'll see how they do then.
Then, if no change, I'll just post on here and call their corporate number to check out the reviews.
That'll shake up the kitchen staff and hopefully improve the quality.
By the way, I'm a huge fan of the Lucille's in Henderson.
Thought all chain restaurants had the same cooking practices, food & standards?

I was a big fan of Lucille's in GV and was stoked when I heard this location had opened.
We decided Thanksgiving was as good a day as any to check this place out for some Thanksgiving dinner...even though we went for lunch.
They take reservations both online and via phone, which was great for us because I had to ensure that I had enough time to eat and then go to work afterwards.
Lucille's Thanksgiving dinner meal consisted of turkey or honey ham (of half of each, which is what we got) with gravy, green bean casserole, stuffing, mashed potatoes, cranberry sauce, biscuits w/ apple butter and a small personal pumpkin pie.
The food was delicious and we even had leftovers because we couldn't finish it.
The best part was the personal pie that was amazingly creamy and served with tons of whipped cream.
The staff was nice and I like how they work as a team instead of customers only being able to flag down their assigned waiter/waitress like traditional restaurants.
I also loved that they had TVs everywhere in the dining area so we were able to catch glipses of the Thanksgiving Day parade and football game while we were there.
Definitely will be back to have some of their more traditional BBQ grub!

Unfortunately I have to give them a 3 star rating on this last visit.
It started out good and then it went downhill.
I sat at the bar and it was happy hour, so great prices on appetizers and drinks.
I ordered a cocktail and my favorite, fried pickles.
So far all is great!
After finishing my pickles it seemed like a while before my sandwich came but the sandwich would be worth the wait.
I get the brisket and portobello sandwich usually so yummy.
The sandwich finally comes, I pick it up and oh no, the bottom bread is all soggy.
It must have been sitting for a while.
I eat around the soggy part, the rest is still good and the Mac and cheese was delicious.
I finish what I can and decide I will get my dessert to go.
We'll, when I arrived there were 2 bartenders and the guy that took my order was on it, he took my order, made my drink and he was very nice.
Shortly after my pickles came he disappeared and the girl that was taking care of the other side of the bar didn't seem to have any customer service skills at all.
When she cleared my plate and drink glass she did ask if I wanted more water.
She filled it and then pushed my tab in front of me.
I waited a few minutes and then figured I might as well order my cheesecake from the take out window, so I got out my card to pay.
I told her I had wanted to order cheesecake but then I changed my mind.
I know she was working the whole bar by herself but really!
A few days later I got my cheesecake from the one in Henderson, they were very nice.
I will probably give them another chance but might not sit at the bar.

Lucille's is the perfect southern comfort food restaurant.
I've been to both this location and the Green Valley location.
Obviously the Green Valley location has been around a longer and has service down pat.
This Red Rock location is still working on things, but they're not doing too bad.
The portion sizes are huge, so you can easily share a two meat dish with someone.
You both will need to be extremely hungry to finish it.
My favorite dishes are the southern fried chicken and the brisket.
My favorite sides include mashed potatoes and cole slaw.
And you can't go wrong with fried pickles as an appetizer.
Want a cocktail?
Those are also delish!

The food was awesome.
The corn bread was really good.
My wife really liked the fact that drinks were served out of old mason jars.
We had the Smoked Chicken Quesadilla for an appetizer.
It was really delicious and lots of cheese and chicken.
We both had the BBQ Chicken Salad and it was huge!
It was really good.
My wife and I visited on a Friday night and this place was DEAD!
The service was SLOW!
We didn't get refills as much as we wanted and our waitress was missing more than half the time.
Since the food was great and the place is new, we didn't worry too much about it.
We expect service to improve with time.

Ok lets start off with the positive, friendly server.
Now the negatives, 1.
It took precisely 1 hour and 35 minutes for our food to arrive!
When the food did arrive it was freezing cold.
The food didn't taste that good, i ordered the barbecue chicken sandwich with applewood smoked bacon which sounded appetizing on the menu yet when i received my sandwich the chicken was dry and the bacon had a similar texture to cardboard, it was far worse than microwavable bacon, and frankly i didn't even think it was bacon just some fake processed "bacon flavored" plastic.
The food didn't arrive all at once as it normally does at most restaurants, it came dish by dish, when one person finished there dish another one had arrived, and ironically (me being the only "yelper" of the group) my dish came last.
I do understand they were swamped due to it being christmas day and all but this is flat out unacceptable.
However they do have decent ribs.
The only reason i gave this place 2 stars is because of our extremely nice server who was empathetic to the fact the kitchen had delayed our food and also because after speaking to the manager about our "lovely christmas dinner" he offered to comp our meal.
If i ever do come here again ill make sure i will arrive 2 hours earlier then when i plan on eating.

My mom and I were at Red Rock gambling and decided to go to Lucille's for dinner.
The place was packed but we were able to get a table right away.
The waitress came over quickly and took our drink order.
I had the white sangria.
Very tasty, loved the pineapple chunks in it.
When she came back with the drinks, she took our food order.
I wanted pulled pork but that is not one of the options on the bbq plates which is weird since they have it on the two meat option.
So basically I order the pulled pork sandwich and add an extra side.
I had the cole slaw and mac & cheese.
Both were very tasty.
Good vinegar taste on the cole slaw.
Mac & cheese was nice and cheese, good cheddar flavor.
My mom had the pulled pork sliders with fries.
She enjoyed her meal too.
Crisp and tasty fries.
The place is a bit loud but otherwise was a good experience.
We will be back.
I love that they have Tootsie pops instead of mints on the way out.

By far the WORST service we ever received in any restaurant.
The only reason they are getting 2 stars is that our food was good.
We called ahead for a table for 8.
I was told 45 min wait.
Fine - we show up and waited 15 minutes longer (total 60 min) We were seated next to a large group of kids and a wall.
We ordered our drinks, It was so tight the wait staff couldn't even serve water to us.
While we were waiting for our beer and appetizers, (We never received the complimentary biscuits) I asked the hostess if we could be moved to another larger table, they seemed very put out and they let me know that it was disruptive to the staff.
They had to change servers since the new table was 6 ft away.
After moving and waiting 15 (yes fifteen) I asked the server if we could please get our beer, and the lemon we had asked for our water.
I also reminded her about the biscuits.
I was told they were coming.
Another server brought us our appetizer, sat it on the table and walked away.
Were we supposed to eat off of the table?
So we waited until someone came by, I asked for plates and again asked for our beer and lemon.
We were brought out salads, that was messed up too.
By that time, we gave up on the biscuits.
I excused myself and asked to speak to the manager.
I expressed my concerns, he apologized and said he would stop by the table.
We finished our dinner, apologized to the server for being apparently so difficult.
Before leaving I asked for the biscuits we should've received at the beginning of our meal to go.
The manager NEVER came by to say anything to my family.
There were so many other instances of poor service, from refills, to us not being offered additional plates for the kids, no warm towels offered at the end of our meal, on and on.
Very disappointed in this particular restaurant, but I still reluctantly tipped the server a minimum 15% gratuity.
I won't be back.
Ever.
I guess since it's LV, they assume we won't be regular guests, but to their dismay my sister lives here near Red Rock and strongly suggested she will never eat there again.
Too bad, since we regularly try to support the business's in our neighborhoods.

Went on Christmas Eve...party of 6.
HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!
Our main course (BBQ) was cold...when we asked to have them heat it up we waited 30 minutes for it to return by that time, the side dishes were cold.
We were promised that we would be refunded for the cost of the meat and for desert.
We got neither.
and ended up paying an unfair amount considering our food was cold, late, and bland.
Then the manager printed up 5 receipts as an attempt to fool us.
The whole ordeal lasted almost 2 hours AFTER our meal was done.
WE felt victimized and the customer service was HORRIBLE!!!
We filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau.
STAY AWAY!!!
At least from the one in RED ROCK CASINO!!

Can the world ever have too many bbq joints?
I think not.
Stumbled in here by default, when Yardhouse was at capacity.
This place had just opened, so my expectations were low, as it usually takes some time to work out the kinks in a new establishment.
Surprisingly, I really loved this place.
Yes, it is chain bbq.
But I don't hate on chains, as long as they are done right.
And this place is definitely done right.
Everything our party of 8 ordered was great (with the exception of the fried pickles, but my Kentucky upbringing makes me a fried pickle connoisseur).
The roasted artichoke appetizer almost made up for the fried pickles.
I had the smokehouse slider trio as my entrée and have no complaints.
Great BBQ at reasonable prices.

3 stars is a bit harsh but I was not impressed.
I went with my family (7) of us and the restaurant was not busy so you would think service would be on point.
It was not.
It took almost 10 min to get waters and another 5 after that to get our alcoholic drinks.
Our server was not attentive at all.
Service was horribly slow and after getting our order in, food came out in waves.
My food was cold but our server never came back to check to see if we needed anything.
I had to get up and seek out a manager just to get the rest of our food and other things we had asked for several min earlier.
Again, it was a pretty empty restaurant.
When our server finally did come back I told him he could take my plate.
He asked if everything was ok and I told him it was cold.
He did what he could offering to get my something else and he did take off my sandwich which was delicious just cold.
He also took care of our appetizer.
Everyone else loved there meals so I take it this was a fluke.
The drinks were amazing!

This location due to the manager response to issues brought up about service in the past, I actually drop the review from a 4 to a 3.
Aside from that they make some of the best baby back ribs in town if you order them dry.
Like other bbq places in town the sauce over powers the natural flavor of the ribs.
The baby back ribs are a little salty but really work well with shoes string & sweet potato fries with garlic mayonnaise.
Almost all of the food that I have tried at this location was great.

Great service, little.. just a little pricey  if you compare to places like chillies etc..for two ppl it was 42 and change but let me say that it was way more worth then that(see picture)...that fish melted n my mouth and  was spicy enough..loved the environment..

Service, prices, and meats (baby back ribs, brisket, spicy links), all were excellent.
Sides (cole slaw, baked potato, baked beans) were all very good, except for mac & cheese, which was bland and boring.
Overall, an excellent meal, and we will certainly be back soon!

Great service, awesome food it's really and the restaurant has a unique theme it's like a outdoor BBQ theme ... And we're ready to keep coming back

Terrible host!!
Completely ignored us.
We finally left after 10-15 minutes.
The place wasn't busy at all and like 8 employees standing around doing nothing.
Opt for better service and skip this place!

Stopped in today for quick lunch.
Wrong answer.
Server was prompt with order.
Apolgized for delay.
Got food 40 minutes after order with cold fries.
The BBQ was good.
Portions very small.
Certainly will not get locals repeat business.

The quality of food has gone down.
Food comes out warm, dry ribs and quality just isn't the same.
I used to like it here.

Great food!
The biscuits covered in sugar & the cinnamon butter is delightful!
Big mason jars for their drinks and massive portions.
Their meats are super good.
The steak is soft as butter with great flavor.
It's an all around great BBQ place.

Came for lunch.
Pretty good lunch specials.
Great pulled pork sliders.
The sauce here is on the sweet side...which I prefer.
Overall it was a pretty good meal.
The waiter was overly attentive.
He would pop out of nowhere and clear the plates and used napkins instantly.
It was kinda annoying.

This place was one of the best BBQ places i have ever been to.
The lemonade was great as well!
I had this amazing brisket sandwich.
the beef was soft tender and almost melted in my mouth.
I loved this place so much that i asked them if they had any locations in Cali.
Which they do!
just not that close to me.
The next time i am in Vegas this place is a must for me!
also our waiter rocked!
totally knew the menu in and out and explained what we would like based on what kind of food we told him we liked.
he was spot on with his recommendations.

We came here for lunch during the weekend, I like the fact that they had a lunch menu even during the weekend.
They are all Smaller size plates for a cheaper price.
I was a little disappointed with their food.
I ordered the seafood platter and there was really nothing to it.
I felt like the food was overprice for the amount and quality.
The service was not bad, they were good, however, I would probably won't comeback or recommend this restaurant.

It was a Saturday night in Red Rock Casino and we were up for Lucille's Barbecue.
So were several other people.
There would be a 45 minute wait.
Thanks to an innovative yet obvious system the 45 minutes would be put to good use.
After the host informed us of the wait, he asked for the cell phone number.
When our table was ready, he would send a text message.
Lucille's just happens to be Red Rock Casino neighbors with the Yard House, an indoor theme park of beer.
And when I drink a beer in the yard House, 45 minutes flies by fast and before I knew it, Lucille's Barbecue sent the text.
I had my mind set on ordering some type of hamburger sandwich.
From past experiences dining in restaurants specializing in barbecue cuisine, the hamburgers are exceptional (same holds true with steak houses).
After a cursory glance at the menu, the smoked beef brisket & portabello sandwich struck my eyes.
I am a fan of brisket and mushrooms.
After the waiter said this is one of their best sandwiches, I ordered it.
Color me impressed with the sandwich.
Everything from the grilled red onions to the sourdough bread was quality.
The space between the sourdough buns was thick with the smoked beef brisket.
Delicious smoked beef brisket that is.
I appreciated that it wasn't sticky.
With the sandwich, I chose shoestring fries.
They were decent.
And the soda that I drank was in a large glass.
Attentive and for the most part friendly servers placed the food on the table.
One of the servers was attentive enough to let us know that the bread rolls were taking awhile because they were making new ones.
Toward the end of the meal, one of the servers took the initiative to give us a to-go box.
My one beef with the service was having to wait on ketchup.
I am impressed with Lucille's Barbecue.
Especially,  when a 45 minute wait is no wait, but the freedom to have a beer in the Yard House or walk around Red Rock Casino until a text message sends the alert that the table is ready.
I could see a return dinner to Lucille's Barbecue in my future.

Had a pretty good dinner, never have been here when I've been in Vegas before so my husband and I decided to try it.
Waitress was really nice and attentive.
Watermelon tea was new to my husband and he loved it!
The biscuits and apple butter were good, biscuits could of been a little warmer.
I ordered the two meat combo and so did my husband,  we both had baby back ribs and brisket, brisket was not as tender as I wanted it to be, ribs were delicious.
I had garlic mashed potatoes and corn on the cob, both were very good.
My husband had baked potato and bbq baked beans, both were very good and we would order the same sides again.
Overall the only thing that was weird was that there didn't seem to be crowded and we still waited to be seated.
I would hate to see what it would be like on a Saturday night.

I do not go crazy for barbecue, but when I do have a crave, I NEED some Lucille's!!!
I can just die for their baby back ribs and their potato salad!!!
I am not really crazy about much else on the menu but those two are my favorite!!!
The place and location are perfect too because I no longer have to drive all the way to Henderson : )

Our party ordered an appetizer, sandwich, and platter with chicken, baby back ribs and tri tip.
The pork belly appetizer was good although the picture on the menu was deceiving.
The actual plate served is 1/3 of what it shows in the picture.
The sandwich was good according to the person who ordered it.
The platter was disappointing.
The ribs were dry and the tri tip was tough and also dry.
The chicken was good.
I would not go back to this place.
Not worth the prices you pay for dry food.
The strawberry lemonade was the best part of the meal.
The server never came back for refills.

Awesome bbq, sides are great.
They have nice portions for the money.
Been here over 20 times, must be good lol

Be prepared for a long lunch or dinner.
It was a 20 minute wait, and there were more than a dozen tables available.
Frustrating start, but it got better!
The biscuits, as everyone is mentioning, are fantastic.
Watch out ordering the BBQ here, as it's extremely heavy on the mustard.
If you're looking for something more traditional, this isn't the place.
The side dishes we got (shoestring fries and Mac & Cheese) were completely devoid of flavor.
Here's where it lost a couple stars: I would have ordered something different, if anyone from the restaurant would have checked on our table, at any point during the meal.
Big miss on the service.... and the food.

Been wanting to go to the Lucille's in Green Valley Ranch for the longest time, but it's just so far away.
Was happy to hear Lucille's would be opening much closer to my neck of the woods at Red Rock Casino.
Finally visited on my stepdaughter's 21st birthday for dinner.
Gotta say right off the bat...not very impressed.
I mean, for all the fancy décor, just average BBQ?
I have no need for that.
I know it's a chain (and a big one at that) but I don't really care for a pleasant atmosphere usually, for me it's about taste and portions!
Especially with BBQ.
I don't mind eating in a po-dunk, out-back, no-utensils kinda place if the que' is legendary.
Really, I don't.
Lucille's just isn't that kind of place.
But at least they use mason jars for your drinks!
After being seated (and boy was the place packed) we went straight to menu lookin'.
After ordering our drinks-in-mason-jars (makes me wish I got moonshine) we started off with an appetizer of BBQ Pork Nachos.
They arrived after about 20 minutes and looked really good.
Nacho chips topped with smoked BBQ pork, BBQ sauce, cheese (some shredded, some that was more like canned nacho cheese), black beans, pico de gallo, jalapenos, sour cream, and guacamole.
This dish was actually pretty good and hit on all the right spots - crunchy, gooey, smoky, salty, crispy, tangy, sweet, warm, and cool.
Flavor was great with the smoke coming from the BBQ pork, very well complemented.
These nachos were just enough to whet our appetite for our main courses.
We had to wait for our actual dinner courses longer than we did for our appetizer (I was assuming good que' takes some time).
The birthday girl had the Smoked Beef Brisket & Portabello Sandwich.
Angus beef smoked, with portabello mushrooms, red onions, jack cheese, and garlic mayo on thick slices of sourdough.
It was a good sandwich, and that garlic mayo gave it a nick kick.
They messed up on her side of fries though, so a new order had to be brought out.
The little one ordered from the kids menu and had the quarter rack of Finger Licken' BBQ Ribs with a side of macaroni & cheese.
What kid doesn't like mac & cheese?
Mine does.
But this one from Lucille's?
Not on par at all.
It was watery, and not very cheesy, in fact it was pretty bland.
Hardly cheese-tastic at all.
I mean she's not too picky, and loves the fake stuff from the blue box!
So for her not to finish this mac & cheese was a big statement.
She did like her ribs though, but the serving was just too small and she was left hungry (even after the nachos).
The wifey had probably the best dish of the night, 5 bones of the BBQ Beef Ribs.
Make room, cause the suckers are HUGE!
Like mini-dinosaur bones!
The beef ribs are rubbed, slow-smoked, then finished off on the grill with Lucille's original BBQ sauce.
I had one and they were GOOD.
Meaty, cooked long enough so the meat comes off the bone with just a little bit of give.
Smoky for sure, and good with the BBQ sauce finish.
Her sides?
She wasn't impressed.
The sweet potato fries were just ok, and the Southern Braised Greens were lacking.
Either not cooked long enough or not enough flavor added to the pot, there were super bland.
I wasn't jumping for joy with my dish, the St. Louis Spare Ribs.
I don't mind Baby Back Ribs, but they are way too small looking for a guy like me.
I want more meat, so give me the bigger rib!
My order came out and I was like 'Huh?
'  Didn't I order St. Louis style?
I asked our waitress and she said they were St. Louis.
I'm no expert, but either these were Baby Back Ribs and you were lying to me, or you cut the ends of my St. Louis ribs way too short.
Where are the ends of my ribs?
Look at the pic your self and see.
I felt ripped off to say the least.
If they tasted good I guess it would have made up for it.
But these 'St.
Louis' ribs were not the best I've had.
They were dry, and the smoke on them were barely noticeable.
The BBQ sauce on them didn't help either, all it did was coat them in what was now too-sweet ribs.
Disappointing.
I can finish off a rack of ribs myself, but I saved half of these for home.
I think the worst thing we had though was Lucille's homemade 'biscuits'.
Very confused.
These are not biscuits.
Nor are they really rolls.
What the hell are they?
And why are they covered in cinnamon and sugar?
Just plain odd, and not the most tasty biscuits I've ever had.
You guys should just call it a day and go back with Biscuit Basics 101 - Flour+Buttermilk+Lard=BISCUIT.
If it's good enough for the South it's good enough for the rest of us.
Service got spotty after our entrees arrived.
Our waitress was far in between on service, had to ask multiple times for refills on drinks even as she passed right by us.
Seems she was catering to a larger table nearby.
Prices are kinda high for Lucille's, around high $20s for a rack of ribs with sides.
Luckily we had an Xmas present of $100 gift card, which we used all of.
EH.
OK.

Apparently not all Lucille's BBQ's are created equal.
Our experience at this restaurant was so far off the mark, that even allowing for an 'off day', it was disappointing.
Starting with a mix-up at the hostess station, and continuing through a server who went on break as soon as we were seated, and ending in forgotten parts of the order ...
The service wasn't up to the higher standard set by the green valley location.
The food was good enough, but hard to judge fairly through the lense of a bad experience.
I'll give them a '3', on the belief that it must be due to a misalignment of the stars.
After all it's a chain restaurant - it shouldn't be too much different from all the others!

This place is pretty good.
We used to travel far and wide to the green valley location but now they opened a new location at Red Rock Casino.
The staff are incredibly nice and helpful.
We came during lunch so they had lunch specials with the right portions for me.
My favorite part of this place is their sweet tea that is not too overly sweet.
And, their famous complementary biscuits and apple butter.
I can eat those all day!
They also have happy hour!

Drinks were amazing.
Be careful though if you don't hold on to it the server will take it from you when it's still half full.
The service from Toby was awesome just don't sit at a table or you will have to hear what your server ate for lunch.
Ps she didn't even take our order.

I like Lucille's for a chain BBQ restaurant, it's the best chain BBQ restaurant I have been too.
And yes, I have been to Salt Lick when it was at the Red Rock and was not a fan.
Although, I hear the original in TX is much better.
One of the reasons I like Lucille's is that they have beef ribs, which is not always plentiful at other restaurants.
A few years ago I went on a BBQ adventure of sorts and drove around Texas and the south trying to hunt down the best BBQ.
And while Lucille's is not authentic in that it is smothered and basted in BBQ sauce, I still like it.
The sauce is a little sweet, and they have memphis, original and spicy sauce bottles on each table for more.
The portions are large and the sides are tasty.
Last night we had the baked beans which had large pieces of pork in them and the cheesy grits - I love the grits.
They remind me of the cheese grits I had when I was first introduced to cheese grits in South Carolina.
Also, their iced tea is fresh brewed and they provide biscuits with a sprinkle of sugar on top and apple butter upon request.
As to portion size I would almost say that they are almost the Claim Jumper of BBQ.

Brisket showed up cold for the entire table.
Asked to see manager and he/she never came over.
Took  3 times asking for the check before we got it.
It is a shame as we go to the Henderson location all the time and have always had a good experience.
The server was ok but was very slow.
It took us almost 2 hours to eat from the time we sat down until we left.
Looks like we will stick with the east side Lucille's .

The food was decent but for the price I would have expected a little bit more.
I whent there today for lunch and ordered the BBQ lunch special 3 meat combo 15.99 I got a single hot link, the sausage was good but a bit on the dry side spice and flavor were OK nothing spectacular.
Also got the baby back ribs 3 rib bones small in size but I thought the flavor was good, sweet and tangy sauce not over smoked meat was tender almost fall of the bone but still with a little bit of chew.
The pulled pork was a bit of a disappointment for me it was less than a hand full on the plate but also lacked in flavor I smothered it in there BBQ sauce and it whent down well a bit on the tough side.
my side order was a portion of Mac and cheese which I thought was very good pasta was done it was hot and cheese when it got to the table.
I would have wanted those sweet teas to be a little sweeter I've visited the south a couple of times and these do not really come close.
The staff as a whole was great more than one person came by trough the course of the meal to make sure we were OK, the waitress was nice and made sure we were not missing anything over all a decent restaurant maybe next time I will try the different foods but as far as BBQ I will continue the search.

Long ago when I was a teen, Lucilles was my favorite, even though it was one of the few BBQ places available in the suburb I was in.
I haven't eaten one in years so I was curious to try it and we were at Red Rock to meet some friends.
We came during Happy Hour at the bar area which includes drink specials and discounted appetizers (everyday 4 ) Off that menu we got fried pickle spears which had good flavor and came crunchy and hot, but a bit harder to eat than pickle rounds as the batter flaked off.
We shared a half chicken plus (2 meat) hot link and pulled pork platter.
The chicken and hot link were decent enough, but the pulled pork was a dried out mess.
It includes two sides; I enjoyed their baked beans as it was tangy and sweet and the potato salad was standard, but good.
We upgraded our biscuits to cornbread which was a generous portion and I enjoyed it.
I enjoy the fact they have various kinds of sweet tea and lemonade.
I had the watermelon tea which is mildly flavored with fresh watermelon and doesn't come sweetened but very good.
Service was rather good.
She checked on us, we got drink refills and the check all before we needed to ask for it.
I find I enjoy more their sides than their BBQ here.
I find that their BBQ taste just fine and that there are better BBQ spots out there.
Is it weird that they have a indoor smoker and it doesnt smell of even a hint of smoke?
I think I might stick to a la carte sides, appetizers during happy hour and their flavored teas and lemonade.

By far the best catfish I had in Las Vegas service was good.
I would come back here to try the rest of the menu

I love love love everything about this place.
Some of my favorites: Watermelon iced tea, peach lemonade, southern chicken egg rolls, country fried chicken, BBQ ribs, pulled pork street tacos, mash, mac & cheese, apple butter with warm sugared biscuits.. Mmm :)  Service is always on point.
Decent happy hour food.
Cool atmosphere.
When my boyfriend & I can't decide where to eat Lucille's has become our go-to place!

Food is really good.
Service is friendly but painfully slow.
Slow to get drinks.
Slow for empty plates and glasses getting cleared from your table.
I think they just need to hire more bussers to help servers.

Service was good.
But the food?
Where do I begin!!
First the food took like an hour for it to get to our table.
Then when we took a taste it was one disappointment after another!
The meats didn't taste very fresh at all.
I lived in the south and if they are going to advertise BBQ they should learn to make ribs that falls off the bone instead of fighting with a dry piece of rib.
Service on the other hand was good.
If now the food can meet the service they would have a gold mine.

Best BBQ in Las Vegas!
I tried the Henderson location, and now last Saturday the Summerlin location.
The staff was very helpful and friendly.
The food is amazing!
The portions are big!
I think I have tried most of their meats, and I absolutely love everything!
We love riding our Indian Motorcycle out there and enjoy a meal in that beautiful atmosphere.
During our last visit there, I especially liked that one of the managers was able to tell me the story of why 'Lucille's' is called 'Lucille's'.
Very very nice place!
I can recommend this to anyone!

Worst service and some of the worst good I've had.
Idk what their standard is, but I suppose if this is it, then I'm not impressed.
The ribs were so dry, we needed extra sauce to drown it out.
The drinks were extremely sweet with practically not trace of alcohol.
The gumbo was alright.
The Irish nachos needed something to moisten or flavor them otherwise were bland.
The waiter took our food menus away after taking our drink orders, forgot the silverware and got some of the order wrong.
He even tried to reason out why it was a bad day.
I'm in the service industry myself and it's simple and plain; if you're having a bad day, the customer doesn't care.
No excuses.
It sounds like all I'm doing is complaining but I'm really trying to be understanding and optimistic, but sad to say I won't return.

Went here last year to celebrate my brother and his fiancee's wedding.
There were so many of us it was hard to count.
The waiters were fine, kind of scattered everywhere trying to accomodate everyone.
I think we had a catered dinner.
My lemonade tasted actually fresh and cool.
It wasn't too sugary which was a plus.
The cinnamon rolls in the beginning were deliciOus!
Then we had an array if ribs, chicken, mash potatoes, mac n' cheese, salad, etc.
The way it was cooked was good.
I really enjoyed everything.

Didn't realize they closed at 10pm and walked in the door at 9:20pm to feast like kings!
We sat at the bar and were treated very well and will surely be back.
Food was delivered promptly and as expected.
I didn't have a chance to try any of the pork products (tri-tip and beef ribs)  With BBQ generally being good, we were a bit skeptical on how good this corporate chain could be but were pleasantly surprised at the authenticity and commitment to house-made food.
Also, we didn't feel uncomfortable with it being at Red Rock Casino because despite it being connected, it is not within the casino!

Wonderful service.
However their signature tri tip sandwich was dry and closer to leather than beef.
The full rack of St. Louis ribs was a fairly meager portion for the price.
The shoestring fries were great.
Eat in the bar.
It's much more relaxed and less of a circus.

Went here a few weeks ago with a large party.
Waiters and waitresses just could not get it together.
About 20 minutes after we all ordered a different waiter than the one who actually took our order came by and asked us what we had ordered.
-_______- It was like that throughout the whole dinner.
It just seemed very unorganized.
Service was slow and they kept forgetting a bunch of stuff.
***and when I say a large party I'm talking about 9 or 10 adults and 5 small children.

Get your Red Rock BBQ here  Hankering for some BBQ close, a group of us tried this place in the Red Rock casino.
Being seated quite quickly for lunch we were greeted by the server, she apologized straight away for the construction outside.
Didn't even realize until she said anything.
So to start we grabbed the Peach lemonade, and id like to say that even though it was a non alcoholic drink it was pretty amazing.
Grabbing the Chicken and Pull Pork with a side of Sweet Potato Mash I dug in right away.
Both the chicken and pork had a great smokey flavor to the them with the chicken nice and juicey.
The surprise of the meal was the Sweet Potato mash!!!
Highly recommend if your unsure of a side.
Overall The service was good, the food wasn't bad and the business was clean.
I can't say it was the best BBQ dishes I've ever had, but I'd say it's on par with famous Dave's or alike

This joint doesn't fail.
Happy hour until 7pm is not a bad deal either.
I ordered some Mai Tais and it's yummy.
The portions are big, I ordered Cobb salad and I can't finish it.
I've been to other branches and their ribs are the best, must be the special sauce that they use.
Will definitely come back when we go to Red Rock!

What's the deal Lucille?
Disappointing.
I forgive those who 4 and 5 star the baby back ribs, for they simply don't know better.
Kinda dry, kinda lacking a masterfully applied smokey flavor, kinda skinny on the meat, which would be forgivable, had they rocked in the flavor department.
Skinny fries were good.
Cold slaw decent, didn't suck, no wow factor either.
I had to go find my own damn silverware and napkin.
Not once did the server ask if I wanted a refill for my beverage.
It was exactly what I expected, pure mediocrity across the board, including 90% of the half assed attempt of outsider folk art on the walls and watered down blues on the sound system.
I would have never stepped foot here, but met my folks and their friends.
Lucille, your meal did not appeal.

Had the St. Louis ribs, they were excellent!
Service was excellent, we will be back.
You must come and check it out.

Great service and great BBQ!
We are so glad we have another convenient and tasty option in Summerlin.
Buy some BBQ sauce to take home!

Because our first visit was amazing, we went back for a second time only a week after.
The second time wasn't as great as the first.
Our bartender didn't seem as genuine as we would have hoped.
This could have been perhaps she didn't think we were locals, but I guess that could be expected in a casino restaurant.
We also noticed that the restaurant doesn't have a restroom!
You have to walk into the casino to use the facilities :(   Beef ribs were much more fatty that I had remembered and because our last visit was so great, we didn't realize that this place is pretty expensive!
We'll be back, but be much more picky about our visits.

Being from the south and having roots to the Carolinas, Memphis and Texas, I'd like to think that I've had my share of good bbq.
When Lucille's was suggested, I didn't get too excited but I was willing to give it a try.
We arrived in a Friday arrived 5 for a party of 8.
The hostess was great and suggested we look at the menu and let us know it would be about 15 minutes.
Though it took almost 25 minutes to get seated, it ended up being worth it.
We were seated right in between the kitchen entrance and the smoker which worried me at first.
But it gave us the best seat on the house to see (and smell) all of the meat.
Plus, we were constantly checked on by the flow of staff going by our table.
Our drinks and appetizers were quickly served and everything looked great!
I was overly excited about my sweet tea (which they perfected) and the sangria.
There was an assortment of beers at the table that all got the thumbs up.
And those sugary biscuits.
Oh my!!
I could have ate the biscuits and drank my sweet tea all night.
I really hate to say that I didn't bother with the butter.
I was temporarily in a sugar high and my vision was clouded.
Once the food started coming out, we were ready to get our hands dirty.
Since my southern twang was out in full force, I went for the southern fried chicken sandwich.
Even the smell of the bbq could stop me.
And that was the best choice.
That had to be the best chicken sandwich I've had in a long time.
The brisket from the table that I sampled only confirmed that I had made the right decision with the sandwich.
And unfortunately even the greens were blah.
And there was no salt on the table so they eventually got cold and weren't eaten.
Our waitress was amazing.
The food was overpriced but nothing to deep to keep me away.

So the first several times we dined at this Lucille's, the family left the restaurant feeling the same...good food, friendly service, painfully slow.
I posted a short review stating this and did receive a message from management apologizing for their service.
Well I'm assuming they made some changes because the service tonight, a busy weekend night during peak dinner hours, was superb.
Drinks and good came out quickly, and our table was cleared promptly.
At one point we actually had two servers helping us.
Food was good.
Their bread basket is delicious.
Apps were excellent.
Fried okra, fried shrimp, and baby back rib appetizer plate.
Entrees were good.
Blackened catfish with garlic mashed potatoes is my favorite.
The two teenagers had the spicy jambalaya.
Before paying, our server brought a refill for the boys in a large to go cup.
Wow!
Any restaurant that takes criticism constructively and makes immediate adjustments deserves a 5-star rating.
Great job Lucille's!

I had high hopes for Lucille's BBQ at Red Rock Casino based on other Yelp reviews.
Things started out quite well.
I was lucky enough to score a table quickly (less than 5 minute wait) on a Saturday night.
The server came by promptly to provide menus and get our drinks orders.
She came back quickly with our drinks and was ready to take our food orders.
We hadn't had much time to look through the menus but we had some meals in mind so gave her our orders.
Turns out this would be the theme of the night - service was too fast.
Not something you usually want to complain about but we felt that we were rushed out.
I had ordered  a salad to come before the meal.
They brought the complimentary biscuits and the salad almost instantly.
I managed to eat two forkfuls of salad before the main meal came out.
So I had to set aside the salad to eat the meal while it was warm (shame it was not hot).
I had only eaten half my meal when the server came by to see if we were ready for dessert.
We said no (as might be obvious from our half-finished plates)  - at which point she left the bill and took off.
Overall the food was just fine - though not the best bbq I've had.
However, the service and meal timing was way off - which left a less than enjoyable dining experience.
Perhaps this was just a fluke so I woiuld be willing to try Lucille's again but I'm in no hurry to repeat that dining experience.

Love the big portions and location of the new Lucilles!!!
The hosts were great and the service was ok!
I have always loved Lucille's back in the south at but once I moved to Vegas the only one I could find was in Henderson.
They were smart to open one up near the southwest/ summerlin area !

Growing up in Texas, I'm a pretty hard customer to please when it comes to barbecue.
Lucille's did not do it for me, but with limited options in Vegas, I wouldn't completely write them off.
Opted for quite a variety of menu options, don't know that I'd highly suggest any of them.
Definitely consider starting with an alcoholic beverage, the house margarita was tasty- I forget it's clever name though.
Complimentary BISCUITS upon seating- topped with cinnamon sugar why?
Would be so much better unseasoned with regular butter, as others have said.
BRISKET CHILI- large portion, tasty, but brisket isn't as flavorful as I'd like.
Adding cheese and sour cream kind of covers up some of the flavor.
Cornbread is sweet, which isn't my preference.
PULLED PORK SANDWICH- large and juicy, top bun is disposable as there's nothing on it and the bun is quite large.
Not really a sandwich you can easily pick up to eat.
Served with fresh-made chips, which were actually quite delicious.
TRI SALAD- salad topped with tri-tip and grilled veggies, gigantic in size and fresh.
Worth a try if you're on a salad or health-centric kick, the meat is a good portion and isn't dry, which still makes it enjoyable for a steak at a bbq joint.
CHICKEN QUESADILLA AND GRILLED ARTICHOKE- had high hopes for this meal made of two half-size entrees, but was underwhelmed.
Barbecue chicken in the quesadilla isn't particularly flavorful, despite simply being accompanied by grilled peppers and onions.
LIghtly topped with a mostly-decorative design of red pepper sauce and barbecue sauce, this simply had too much going on and the chicken seemed bland, easily overpowered by everything else in the dish.
Artichoke was artfully presented but a little difficult to eat, all but diehard artichoke fans need not apply.
Layout is a little odd, with a street entrance and a casino entrance- on a weekend afternoon, signage at the front of the latter instructed us to go through the restaurant to the other side of the bar to the other hostess stand for seating.
Having never been there before, it was difficult to find and we basically wandered the dining room until we turned the corner making the stand itself visible.
Not such a great plan- maybe have staff on the lookout to escort guests to the right place.
Service was fairly attentive despite a shift change during our meal, bonus points for the classic Ball canning jars used as water glasses.
We were seated facing the bar, which has three TV screens above it, someone please change the middle TV from cartoons- bizarre choice of programming as this isn't really a child-friendly place.

Since moving to Vegas, whenever the topic of BBQ comes up, someone always mentions Lucille's.
Despite being very close to the District location, I never made the trip.
Recently I was up at Red Rock Casino around lunch time and thought it was time to try some Lucille's.
Since it was a casual lunch and we didn't want to spend forever in the dining room, we opted to sit at the bar.
Normally we sit at the bar to avoid waiting for a table, but this was about 1145am on a Saturday and there were maybe 20 other diners - in other words, it was empty.
The bartender took our order soon enough.
She was knowledgeable, she was pleasant, she tried to up-sell us on a few things.
She offered us biscuits but not in a manner that suggested they were complimentary (or apparently delicious); it seemed like the last in a long string of up-sell.
Our food eventually came and was decent.
It was not the best BBQ I have ever had.
It wasn't the best BBQ I have had in Vegas.
It was good and satisfying but that's about the extent of it.
DC's mac and cheese was a pitiful attempt at mac and cheese.
It was stringy and mushy and flavorless.
His chicken sandwich, ordered with ranch dressing on the side, also came with a healthy slathering of ranch on the sandwich itself.
The bartender checked on us once, right as we were taking our first bite.
Despite that fact that she was never more than ten feet from us, she never checked in again.
In fact, the only time she acknowledged us again was when we were laughing at something on the TV and she turned around and asked "what's so funny?
are you laughing at me?
"  It was an odd question to ask and a little off-putting.
I'm not always the nicest person but I dont laugh out loud at someone when he or she is within arm's reach.
All told it was just a mediocre experience at Lucille's.
The food was alright.
The service was questionable (especially since it was quite empty).
I may still have to give the Henderson location a try, but I will keep on moving past the Red Rock version.

Lucille, oh Lucille.
We enjoyed our meal!
It's a solid 4 for BBQ.
The service was a wee bit slow, but it was Memorial day weekend.
The hostess was welcoming, and seated us right away.
We did make reservations, and happy we did.
The wait was about 20 min.
The server was very busy, but she managed to keep a smile answering our questions.
We ordered 3 of the half appetizers.
The fried pickles were perfect.
Nice flavorful breading, crispy, deliciousness.
Fried green tomatoes were ok.
The sauce was different, and reminded me of fancy cheese whiz?
The artichoke was my favorite.
I love artichokes.
Kid's ribs with shoe string fries, awesome.
Mom's rib tips; she didn't make a sound.
She was too busy eating.
Dad had the blackened catfish, and loved his meal.
The portions were big.
Breadpudding for dessert was nom, nom, nom.

One word review: Meh.
Three word review: Meh, at best.
I was pretty excited to try this place- obviously I had my initial "BBQ in Vegas?
" skepticism, but then it seemed to get a lot of positive reviews on yelp.
I live close to the Red Rock so having a good BBQ joint in the neighborhood would of been pretty awesome.
We arrived around 6pm and the place was pretty empty- not a good sign since the Red Rock itself was pretty packed.
Despite being nearly empty it still took about 10 minutes to get a table as the 3 staff working the door discussed the conundrum of where to sit us over their headsets with the mothership.
It was another 10 minutes before someone took our order.
Wanting to try a bunch of stuff we decided to get the App sampler which includes sweet potato fries, fried pickles, rib tips, okra, chicken tender, some sort of southern egg roll, sausage link, and some other unidentifiable food stuffs.
It was all about the quality you would expect from making the same items at home in 1 oven at the same time by just guessing at what temperature would best suit all items.
Sweet potato fries were mushy, fried pickles were tough, rib tips had bones in them and were tough, sausage was cold.
Overall very dissapointing.
I also ordered the Brisket chili which was on the special menu- figuring after the app platter I wouldn't be able to tackle a whole rack of ribs, perhaps an error I admit.
The chili was just very bland and only lukewarm.
The cornbread that came with it was very dry.
Throughout the meal service was slow, and despite the jars they bring the water in being enormous I was frequently without a drink which is a pet peeve.
for 24 dollars a person it was on the expensive side for BBQ, with low quality.

This was not the first time I've been to Lucille's, which us good cause if it was I doubt I'd return.
The food was ok, but the gravy they gave me for my steak looked like an oil slick and didn't taste much better.
Thank goodness it was on the side.
My sisters Mac & Cheese took forever to come out which I didn't understand at all.
We actually had to ask our server about it.
Our servers name was Wendy, try to not get her when you go.
She came to our table very rarely, never asked how the good was and didn't ask if we wanted dessert or anything else, which we did.
She just dropped the check.
Next time I'll just go to Yardhouse.

My husband and I wanted BBQ since it was Memorial Day weekend and stopped by Lucilles at Red Rock.
We came on a good day I guess based on some of the reviews.
We were seated very quickly.
The food was great.
My husband had the Beef Rib/Chicken combo and I had the Tri-Tip/Baby Back Ribs combo.
Loved the biscuits with the cinnamon butter.
The fried pickles as the appetizer were the highlight of my day.
I have been to the one in Henderson and this one.
Both times, my meals were superb.
I will return.

For our occasional Happy Hour get-together with some of the friends in my development, we chose Lucille's this time.
It was new to six of us, and suggested by #7, who'd been there before.
I called the day before because we needed a special accommodation for one friend who's in a wheelchair.
The manager, Evan, graciously said that we could sit right outside the bar area, where there were regular tables.
But when we arrived, we were seated at a booth.
They did allow us to move, though, which was helpful when we ended up being two more than originally scheduled.
Our waitress, Barbie, started out great, but dropped the ball early.
One drink was never brought.
A water refill required two requests before it was done.
One friend had to send her burger back, but it wasn't returned until we were all nearly done eating, and then only after she corralled a different waiter to get her food.
With our drinks empty and 20 minutes to go before HH ended, we were never asked if anyone wanted another drink.
I was a little miffed that at the end, my friends decided to not only give the waitress a break, but even to go slightly above the 20% tip.
I wouldn't have stiffed her, but sure wouldn't have been that generous.
I had the Cuervo margarita, and it was very good.
One friend ordered the strawberry lemonade, and only liked it after she had them add a shot of vodka to it.
She didn't get a sense of any of it in there the way it should have been.
Now for the food:  the complimentary biscuits were good, even for this non-biscuit lover, but they didn't need the sugar sprinkled on top.
I like to save my calories for more important things.
Almost everyone ordered something different, so I got to taste most of the HH offerings.
I had gumbo and a blackened chicken quesadilla.
The gumbo was more like a stew, the thickest one I've ever eaten.
It came with a small mold of white rice on top.
It had good flavor and just the right amount of spice for me, but way too much salt.
What it didn't have was a single piece of okra and not a shrimp in sight.
A friend who also had it found one little shrimp in hers, but also no okra.
My quesadilla was okay, nothing to write home about.
Not a lot of chicken, and the chicken was barely blackened.
The one thing I can recommend is the wedge salad, ordered by another friend.
It was huge, and would have been a much better accompaniment to my gumbo.
The rib tips were dry.
Isn't this a rib place????
Glad I didn't order them.
I didn't taste the pulled pork sliders, but they looked juicy and my friend said they were.
Fried tomatoes - a new experience for the northerners among us (and that's all of us, except for the one Australian!
) - were devoured happily.
Overall, Lucille's is okay, but just okay.
I don't think I'll use my gambling points to rush back.

Shenanigans.
This place is like "Shenanigans" from the movie "Waiting.
"  You could call it a BBQ version of Chili's.
It's run by kids who have no idea what quality guest service is.
They all look so unhappy.
It appears as if each employee is waiting for the other to do whatever the task is.
It wouldn't be so out of place if it wasn't connected to a beautiful resort.
God knows what they are doing to the food.
The one fall back they used to have was great live music, which they decided to discontinue...

Really enjoyed my dinner here.
The food was excellent, the service was rock solid.
We were not rushed out of there to turn the table.
Tri-tip sandwich was excellent.
The cornbread was also excellent.
The watermelon tea was okay, not likely to be something I would order again.
Will return, will recommend, looking forward to my next trip in.

I love the fried pickles that's the reason I came to Lucille's however I do have to say the sliders (pull pork) are delicious!!
My server make me fell welcome from the moment she said hello, even when she knew I was waiting for the rest of party and they were running very late she was on point kudos to her she is actually the reason  I'm giving a five star 3 for food and ambiance and two extra for Wendy ( my server) btw happy hour is great, prices are good and portions big!!

This restaurant is the BBQ king in Vegas.
Setting is great and food tastes wonderful.

The food is fantastic!
Server DreAnna needs to learn better service skills.
She is not attentive.

Great food.
Good sized portions.
You can get most of the appetizers in a half size.
Fried pickles are the best.
Peach lemonade  is too good.
Ask for a to go lemonade...it's huge and great for these hot Vegas days.

Probably my favorite chain restaurant, consistently great food and attentive service.
If you like BBQ I doubt you'll be disappointed.

I had dinner here again recently and it was really good.
I had the beef brisket dinner with the succotash and cole slaw.
All of it was very tasty.
Even though I got the smaller portion of beef, it was still too much to eat.
The meat was nice and tender and not fatty at all which I like.
My mom had the catfish and shrimp platter.
She really enjoyed it.
The only issue was that they don't serve cocktail sauce.
But my mom used ketchup so she was fine.
Our friend had the half rack of baby back ribs.
He seemed to like his meal too.
We also started with the onion strings.
They were delicious.
Our waitress was very good.
She came by often and was very attentive.
As my mom and I visit Red Rock often, I am sure we will be back to Lucilles soon.

Lucille's.
Well I must say the portions were pretty huge.
Their brisket was really good and also their barbecued baby back ribs.
The gumbo however made me really sick when I got home and had been throwing up all night.

Pretty good food here imo.
Been here twice now.
Had pork sandwich and jambalaya.
Both were good.
Jambalaya was very spicy...be careful if you dont like spicy.
Skinny margarita was excellent.
And their honey blonde lage is also tasty.
Only bad part was the fire alarm went off during our meal.
It was extremely annoying.
After asking several employees about it including a manager, they nonchalantly said it was the hotel and they couldn't do anything about.
It was a little frustrating no sympathy, no apologies, just an oh well it happens all the time type attitude.
UPDATE: The owner reached out to me regarding my experience.
He was understanding and will be reviewing the training practices for the employees for situations like this in the future.
Excellent follow up and glad to know my opinion does count.
Thanks Brad.

As I sat down to order food with my girlfriend I saw an ant crawling on my menu .
My girl sat the menu aside and then her shoulder started itching to find 2 to 3 more ants crawling on her shoulder.
Trying not to cause a scene we sat down and flicked ants off of her shoulder.
My girlfriend stood up and got a waiter and the booth we were sitting in had 6-8 ants crawling on it.
Can somebody please ask me if a manager EVER came to address the situation ?
NO....
But of course who got the straight and narrow check at the end of it?
THIS GUY

After the demise of my go to BBQ place I thought I would try Lucille's out.
Well good thing I didn't go when Memphis was still by my house because they would have lost my business.
The options are endless, the food is amazing and the appetizers are to die for.
Get the basket of chips with Blue cheese.
Can't finish them all?
No problem, they keep for days!
Fried Pickle spears not chips!
Great BBQ sauce options.
The sweet bread is fantastic and the location is perfect.

First off, the four stars is for the food here.
Very close to five stars.
The service though is a a three at best.
Seems like we have been consistently ignored, long waits to see our server, order mistakes and other annoyances.
That being said, the food is so good I keep coming back!
Feed me that BBQ goodness!
Recently came for lunch and they have a good lunch menu, again, service was awful.
Waited too long to see our server, another 10 minutes passed between drink order and food (they weren't busy) and they brought our orders out separately.
Again, food was bomb though lol.
I had the fried chicken sandwich and almost made love to the second half.

To start off, the Peach Moon was excellent!
I love Blue Moon and this is a drink that takes this beer to a whole new level.
Our server was Anthony was very attentive, my girlfriend kept telling me how cute he was.
(Awkward I know) He suggested the tri tip and pasilla sandwich and that is what I ended up getting.
BEST SANDWICH EVER.
We will be coming back asap!
I also like this location more than the GV location.
Much more open and friendly environment.

Awesome BBQ!
This place is giving Phil's a run for their moneyyy in terms of sauces.
First of all, the restaurant was huge and really clean.
Our waitress was really nice!
She even explained the 3 different type of sauces available &general info about Lucille's.
She started us off with freshly baked biscuits.
These were no ordinary biscuits though.
Some may argue that the bread was "hard" but I felt that it was necessary to have them a bit sturdy rather than having them fall apart.
It had butter and some type of sugar?
on top.
Not sure what it was but it was something different and definitely tasty!
Their sweet tea was good too, all their drinks were served in mason jars btw, so hipsters rejoice.
Also note that they do serve their drinks in shareable portions.
Onto the food: We got the "BBQ Lunch Platter" [$16].
Came with baby back ribs (3 bones, normal or St. Louis rub) AND "your choice of two of the following: pulled pork, brisket burnt ends, tri tip, hot link, rib tips or one quarter smoked chicken" (from the website) PLUS a side.
I opted with the normal baby back ribs- juicy and fall of the bones type- & brisket as well as tri tip.
All great choices!
Their mac & cheese was cheeeesy just the way I like it.
Tasted their potato salad too, Phil's won in that department by a long shot.
Now in terms of sauces, Phil's has more of the tangy-spicy taste whereas Lucille's has the tangy-sweet taste which I liked better..
In terms of size & tenderness, I feel like Phil's is better.
IN CONCLUSION: They're both great BBQ places (:

I love BBQ!
I love BBQ that I don't have to travel far for.
I want good BBQ!
Luculle's is deliverable on that, to some extent.
It really is a hit or miss here, more service wise but sometimes food wise.
The majority of my dining is done in the day here.
And we've come to the conclusion that sitting in the long big booths beside the bar are cursed.
But in my restaurant world mind, I know why we usually get crappy service here.
The bartender.
This is the bartenders section and the day bartender always has sidework that has to be completed for the night bartender.
SO their tables are a forethought in their mind.
But I see her looking at us out of the corner of her eye and she's thinking let me finish this last lemon, or let me just finish prepping garnishes or re-filling mixers...but you took too long to finish and while we are here for a quick and speedy lunch, it always fails.
We often have to ask for the biscuits, to tell her we are ready to order-which she probably already knows because as I said I saw her looking at us, for refills, the check, a box.
As soon as the check dropped she was all smiles and thank you's.
Nope, I don't fall for that and I am happy to educate the people that do not know better for they shall not be taken advantage of.
The food is good.
The portions are either too small or ridiculously big!
Once I got a BBQ chicken salad for lunch, it was served to me in a soup bowl.
UGH!
Half of it ended up on the table after having to cut the large lettuce pieces.
It was a $10 salad in a soup bowl.
Their lunch prices and items are decent selection.
On another visit I got, I think it was a special, BBQ chicken lettuce wraps.
Could I have some more toppings with my lettuce.
Thank you!
But overall it lacked flavor anyway and I didn't finish it.
The best things are their Fried Green Tomatoes with the Red Pepper Sauce!
So yummy!
Let me say though, I have had dinner at this location once and everything was great that night, service and food!
Their drinks are probably the second best thing...their GIANT quart sized drinks will give you a sugar stroke if you are drinking pop but if you get their iced teas they are so good!
Peach and Watermelon and they are not flavored with syrups!
So they are unsweetened.
That makes me a fan.
The other is their cocktails while I've only had one at this location, Lucille's Big Peach, it was strong without being gross and I love peaches!
I'll be back, it's not awful but I hate that I have to be sure to ask for a certain sections and have to limit what's good and not good on the menu when I like everything!

Worst bbq ever!
Meat was dry and no flavor without the sauce,  bread dusted in sugar is not a good thing.
Coupled with lackluster management.
I kept thinking the buffet is better than this place.
It is no Salt Lick.
Not worth the price point.

Had a $9.99 BBQ Chicken salad that was the size of a dinner salad; that was pretty depressing.

I come for lunch and I have ordered BBQ chicken sandvivj, I liked it very much, only it takes very long to bring food specially when you have only 1 hour lunch time

I give our visit to Lucille's 2 stars for a well deserved reason.
Our server was not attentive and didn't even take our order.
The server that eventually took our order, Travis, was very friendly and we wished he would have been with us from the beginning.
The air conditioner was blowing on us the entire time making us want to leave even faster than our horrible server.
Our sides came out at the end of our meal and our server never checked on us during the meal.
They also forgot our peach lemonade and then tried to charge us for it.
The food was mediocre and not worth the trip out or it's price.
This will more then likely be the last time we visit Lucille's.
On a positive note, the sauce was good.
Maybe they should go back to the basics and start from there.

Overall, it was a little expensive for what the food was worth.
It was well presented but  the taste was so-so.

It started off promising... BBQ smell was amazing and had my mouth watering.
Got some wings as an appetizer.
They came out fast but were really bland and lack that BBQ flavor I was craving.
Next I waited for my brisket... and waited... and waited.
An hour and a half later I got my food and it was flavorless.
They wouldn't even comp my appetizer for the wait.
I will NEVER eat here again.
Such a shame

The food was delicious, but the service was slow to start.
The two bartenders who were back there never greeted me when I met my friend who was always sitting there.
He finished his beer & was waiting for one of them to cash him out.
He even asked one of them who was walking by & he ignored him.
I left the bar to get a table and my friend was still waiting for the bartenders to cash him out while I waited for the table.
When we finally got our table, we waited for a good 5 minutes before the server came, but after that she was very attentive.
She was knew the menu well & was able to answer our questions.
The food came out quickly & it tasted great.
I got the brisket & cleaned my plate.
I would definitely try this place out again.

