Yay first review which is surprising.
Anyways really cool little cafe.
Specializes in organic food.
I believe almost everything there is organic.
They even have organic beer which I will be trying next time I am there.
The service is friendly and the place was packed!
Had a delicious savory cheese scone that was nice and fresh along with some ginger beer that was fiery and not to sweet which i quite like.
Located at the end of lothian road right at the start of princes st.
I will be coming to this diamond in the rough more often especially for the healthy spread of foods and that ginger beer that opens the sinuses!

I was unprepared for this.
UNPREPARED.
Beautiful lasagne, colourful and flavoury salads (shut up, flavoury is totally a word) and a chap playing such soul drenchingly gorgeous jazz piano that I had to stop eating on three separate occasions because it took away my ability to do anything but sit and attempt to breathe.
The lasagne, being (naturally) vegetarian, was almost more like a moussaka, and so delicious that I wanted about eight of them.
I suddenly understood why the chap I ordered from had repeated my order back to me as "one lasagne?
" But any more, along with the two included salads, might have destroyed me, particularly as I planned to sample one of the exquisite looking cakes, for which I barely had room after those delicious lasagnery salady exploits.
I reckon five star lasagne with a choice of two out of nine salads for just £7.50 is a damn good deal.
I then, as planned, proceeded to the cakery.
The cakes aren't labelled, so I asked the girl what each cake was and she had fun matching the names on a list to what they looked like.
I opted for the chocolate and lemon, topped with physalis, because it looked dinky compared to the others.
Ha - WRONG!
It was dinky in size only, but denser than a singularity and rich, rich, rich.
A little dry by nature, it was served with a whole glass dish of lemon curd for my ladling pleasure.
Ogh.
I think I shall never move again, my friends.
Dark wood tables, a sofa at the far end, stone vault ceilings...
It's a wrong wrong miracle that this place was relatively quiet when I appeared on a Tuesday afternoon, admittedly a little after the traditional lunchtime.
I'm torn between wanting it to be as packed as it deserves to be and wanting to keep it as mine, my own, my precious, for all time.
Because did I mention the free wifi?
Oh, I didn't?
Well I have now.
What twig?
Oh, this twig.
No, no, never you mind, no, this twig is, uh, just, er, well I am definitely not building a nest here, that's definitely not what I am doing, ahaha haha ha...

