Friendly service good beer selection on tap wings were good all the sauce was on the plate and the wings on top of the sauce house salad was crisp and fresh the crowd was rough around the edges but every body seemed friendly and talkative  will certainly return for a second try

OMG, loved this place before the fire, but now the service is haphazard, the food is for lack of words, interesting.
Good news , it's clean....will try again but if worse, will tell you all why...
I hope I am having very bad dream!!!
Please, only 2stars!!!

Ok breakfast not so much my toast must have been toasted and then sat for twenty minutes while they made my breakfast the home fries are cut up French fries I ordered the skillet with peppers onions and sausage when it came out 20 plus minutes later not overly hot  no eggs I guess it doesn't come with eggs.
My wife had the egg sandwich which she said was ok when it was time to pay I gave the server 20 dollar bill on a 16 dollar tab she said thank you and never came back with my change so I could decide on the tip it would have probley been 2 dollars not 4$ .......
Consistency people like I said in my last review good wings beer and salad, breakfast  jury's still out

Been there 2 times and the new location is very nice.
They have bands on the weekends with no cover which is cool.
You have to inquire about what specials or happy hour deals are in play in order not to overpay.
I paid 3.75 for a coors 12 oz bottle and 4.25 for fries on sunday when i could have  Had the special 6 wings and a draft for 5.95 3.75 for a beer????
Really??
But you can buy five 7oz mini bottles for 5 bucks????
12 oz beer  = 3.75 35 oz of beer = 5.00 See what i mean......know your prices and specials or you'll be paying large !
Nice place, 6- 8 tvs for Sunday football, biker and motorcycle friendly, spacious.

It's not Handle Bars!!
This place is more like a greasy spoon.
I like the cider on tap.
The waitstaff is great, often understaffed cause the snowbirds love this place even with the bikers.
Give it a try if you like classic bar food.

Not so much on the menu, more of a biker bar & grill.
The most plain quesadilla I have ever had.
The waitress hides alot hard to locate.
No avocados?
WTH???
No salsa?
WTH

This is a no joke biker bar, Bubba is in the back cooking, not Bobby Flay.
With that said Stick with all you can eat breakfast, tacos, or the Burgers and you'll be fine.
This is my default watering hole since it's stumbling distance from home and it's perfect.
They seem to get great live bands, waitstaff is cool, and it's a 2% biker bar so they keep it drama free.
Overall it's a great place to get fucked up.

Tried breakfast again, once again disappointed!
Frozen no flavor cubed potatoes.
Order bloody Mary as part of special...
Terrible didn't drink but a forth of it.
Tomato juice and vodka... Yuk.
No spice no pepper absolutely nothing.
Waiting for drink ..
Came just before breakfast.
I would say 10 minutes to get it...you would think bar tender would help.
But turned out fine.
Not going back!
nothing worth going back for at all

