Sophia is great to work with because of her friendly and fun personality, and makes the entire learning process a very fun experience.
I started to learn salsa and bachata from her and she got me a long way so that I could surprise my girlfriend.
She looked out for all the important things (steps, posture, timing, etc.
) to make sure I looked good on the dancefloor.
She's a great dancer and has everything it takes to be a teacher.
She kept in contact with me on our appointments and also helps push me to excel more and more in my dancing skills.
I look forward to each lesson I take.

Sophia is a great dance teacher.
Walking in to the studio I was very tentative and hesitate.
Sophia quickly showed me some simple steps and was very patient with me.
I would recommend her to anyone who wants to try dancing.

Sophia is very knowledgeable and very easy to learn from, She is a teacher and knows her stuff.
I can't wait for my next lesson :)

I've taken an introductory lesson with Sophia and also regularly attend her Monday night "Dancing in Real Life Situations" event.
She is an excellent teacher and has a way of making you comfortable and confident.
I've never been a dancer and I have no rhythm.
I was nervous.
But she made it fun and relaxing.
Thanks to Sophia, I've had attractive women ask me to dance and then compliment my dancing ability.
That is huge coming from a guy who started out scared to death.
Great experience with a great teacher.
Dancing with Sophia has given me new skills and improved my confidence and my life.

Sophia was selected to teach a group of students a formal waltz at my daughter's graduation ball.
The choreography was first rate and the performance was absolutely stunning!!
Sophia is a talented and creative instructor who is both professional and fun!
Sophia was highly recommended, and was wonderful to work with:) 2 thumbs and 2 toes up:))

If you ever thought of learning to dance, you should consider Sophia in Sapphire.
She is very patient and an excellent teacher.
She recently started teaching a Monday evening class at the Ritz on Flamingo.
This class is wonderful for beginners who are just curious about dancing.
Every month she teaches a new dance.

We did it June 1 in Nashville!
We are the parents of the bride.
We started out stepping on each other, no rhythm, no style, no clue!
We didn't exactly tear up the dance floor, but that wasn't the point!
We really had no idea how to dance when we started lessons with Sophia, but after just 5 times, we were able to pull it off!
Tom was able to dance well with our daughter Laura to "The Sunshine of My Life," and we were able to enjoy dancing together.
It was a great wedding and we didn't have to worry.
Thank you, Sophia, for instilling a level of confidence in us, so that we could have a good time.
You were so patient, helpful, and a lot of fun!
We liked it so much, we want to continue with the social opportunities that you have.
Really appreciate your support!
(Video is on her website.

