So far so good.
Tomorrow is the grand opening.
The tap list is awesome and the decor is very comfortable.
Fair amount of parking.
Awesome freeway access off the I-10 and Elliot Rd.
I will update when their beers are brewing.

I am very excited about Arizona's latest Brewery!!
Had a great time at their industry night, and  I am looking forward on tasting some of that sweet sweet beer that Jeff will be brewing.
Best of luck to Jeff and Leah Huss!!

A new brewery in the same spot that housed the former Rio Salado Brewing Company in an industrial area in south Tempe.
This review is for the tasting room only as they don't have any of their own beers made yet.
The decor is homey, more like hanging out in your living room than a brewery tasting room.
A couple of tv's and a nice little bar area with 20 taps.
They have 2 wines on tap as well as a root beer and a cider so there is a little bit for the whole family.
No food but they have food trucks similar to what Phoenix Ale is doing.
The brewery itself looks really nice and I am looking forward to having some of their beers in the future.
They have some of the same owners as Papago Brewing and will be making Papago beers on site also as well as their own.
Looking forward to good things from people who "get" what craft beer is all about.

I counted 20 beers on draft, all were very good.
They keep a few bottles of wine around too, if that is your thing.
Great place to visit, well lit and a great addition to the Arizona craft brew scene.
Keep up the good work.

Since Huss Brewery is in a business complex, it makes me jealous of the people that work nearby.
I'd love to grab a beer here everyday after work!
I'm currently submitting resumes to the businesses in the same complex as Huss.
So far, no one wants to hire a booze connoisseur with an affinity for online shopping during work hours but hey, when this girl dreams, she dreams big.
The beer selection was excellent and I'm excited to try the Huss beers when they come out which I hear is in the next month.
This place has free wifi and the perfect set up to get work done over some delicious beers or even a study group...if you can still focus after a few high gravity beers.
Congrats Jeff & Leah!

The verdict is still out.
Right now this is merely a tap room, and for that I am still confused what style it is going for.
The mostly great appearance is somewhat modern yet the ecletic mix of furniture ontrats this.
So maybe a funky coffe shop with beer?
But no there are several TV's playing sports so maybe it is a sports bar with out food.
Maybe once they have their own brews and this place will solidify and come a better hangout spot but as of now it is a bit akaward.
At $5.50 for my nitro amber there is not much value either.

What a charming little spot to stop in and grab a beer.
There are 20 taps and some very flavorful choices.
No snacks here my friends, but good service and a setting that feels like you're in your own kitchen or family room.
Saturday afternoon and college football on the three televisions and a very friendly server.
Thanks for our first visit - we'll be back!

Fun little tap room hidden away in Tempe.
They have a good selection of craft beers but you should definitely try the SB and the Das Alt.
These are pretty sophisticated brews for what you would expect given the location.
The "french fry guy" out front in the food cart has a great product and I can't say enough to get you guys to support the Food Truck scene so buy those frys!
Last but not least Elisa really worked the room very well.
The place filled up and everyone got a beer fast and easy with the personal touch, excellent service.

From the unassuming outside you would never imagine the adorable tasting room inside.
Really well decorated and welcoming.
Several of the people sitting at the bar were regulars and super friendly.
I always think that's a pretty good sign.
Matt (or Mark?
), the bartender was really helpful as we tried to figure out what we wanted from the three Huss beers and the many guest taps.
We tried the three Huss beers on tap, a Blonde, IPA, and Alt Beer.
They were decent.
I'm interested in seeing what else they can do.
A steady stream of people came in to fill growlers and sample from the taps.
I could definitely see myself doing the same if this was my local taproom.
Instead I'll have to content myself with a visit whenever I'm in town with the family.

So they finally have some of their own brews and the rice pudding porter is amazing.
The Das Alt is decent too as is their IPA.
So on a brewing front they are off to a good start.
I am still having issues feeling comfortable in the tap room, I am not sure if it is the colors, or the eclectic mix of furniture or the lack of real windows but it just not a place I want to stay and hang out.
They also lack bike racks which would be a great thing to have.

I like this place, even if it is somewhat hidden in an otherwise blah business park.
The whimsical chalk board at the front entrance with the word "BEER" says it all, in case you nearly drive past.
This is one of those tucked-away places you can call your own, and it feels like a secret to which you alone are privy.
I've brought people who were visiting from out of town here, and they have been charmed by the quaint little taproom and the friendliness of the bartender and patrons.
I love the fact that they host yoga sessions in the back brewery area.
How many folks can say they did their downward-facing-dog up against giant stainless steel fermenters?
I think they call it Detox-before-Retox, which is not only a great way to motivate yourself to exercise, but also this beer-lover's mantra for life.
The other beers they carry on tap, besides those brewed on premises, are always changing and worth checking out.
If you want to educate yourself on what local Arizona craft brewers are producing, this is a nice hidey-hole in which to do some serious sampling.

This place rules.... Had the opportunity to meet the owners, which really was a treat.
Not only do they brew fantastic beer but everyone who works there makes for such a fun experience..... Must try!!

Huss brewing company has replaced the location of long-loved and greatly-missed rio Salado.
Tucked away in a ridiculously odd location, it seems as though no logical beer drinking could be happening.
And yet, Huss is far from that.
A great tap-tasting room.
Don't expect food (unless there's a food truck), don't expect a bar scene.
This is a place dedicated to real appreciators of beer.
They have both huss beers and other local treats.
Most of their beers are very drinkable, if not overly complex.
Their ipa's have been better than others, but I still enjoy the tasting process, regardless.

Went in to try their beers and get a growler filled.
They've got a good selection of house and guest beers.
The IPA that I decided on was really solid and the bartender was friendly and let me sample a couple different beers as I decided on what to get.
Very laid back atmosphere - I'll definitely return.

How could we leave Arizona without having one more local beer?
We couldn't.
After doing a Yelp search and pondering things for a bit we finally decided on Huss Brewing and we are very glad we did.
If not for a site like Yelp we never would have known about this place.
It is in an industrial park and not a place we would have visited on this trip.
Although we enjoy industrial parks, we don't go on vacation to view them.
I'm kidding.
We don't like industrial parks.
Didn't really know what to expect coming here on a Wednesday afternoon, but once in the door we realized we were in the right place.
First off, the place was pretty packed.
Surprisingly packed.
Not that it is a huge space or anything, but still very busy for a Wednesday afternoon when the assumption was that people would still be at work.
The beer list is very extensive.
They have around 6 or so of their own beers and the rest of the list is populated with other AZ beers.
We were obviously here to try what Huss had to offer.
I had the Alt and was very impressed with it.
Jeff (one of the owners) was walking around the tasting area working the room and we ended up meeting him and talking with him briefly.
He gave us a short history of the business and thanked us for coming in.
A good end to our wonderful Arizona adventure.

LOVE THIS BREWERY!!!
My friend told me about this place, as it is a two-minute walk across the street from my apartment complex (Metro Pointe).
I stopped by for a tasting and a growler.
Super-friendly staff and a wide array of their own (and others') beers, cider & wine on tap.
While there I heard about their Downward Drafts, a "Detox to Retox" donation-based yoga class that is held IN THE BREWERY (by the big barrels of beer!
) every Sunday at 11am.
I'm hooked!
:) The yoga instructor, Maggie, is awesome-- and you get $1 off your beers after class.
Loved Huss's Scottsdale Blonde and their tribute to the Chicago Cubs, a seasonal delight called Magic in the Ivy.
Their rice pudding porter is also bomb.
Keep up the great work.
I'd love to stop by sometime when there are food trucks outside.
Huss also started to carry charcuterie plates and small sandwiches from Wedge and Bottle.
Thanks for the continued professional and friendly service!

This place surprised me, and I am so glad I located it.
I am giving it 5 stars as the best in the Phoenix area, but not yet on equal footing with other 5 star breweries in Portland, San Diego and Colorado.
But way so much better quality than other Phoenix area brews I've been served (e.g.
Four Peaks and San Tan brewing).
* The tasting room/brewery is an industrial park setting (all good breweries have this quality).
*  The tasting room was pretty large with lots of seating which was great.
*  They offer flights of their own brews served on a cool "lazy susan wheel", and cost for a flight was super reasonable.
*  They offer interesting guest micro-brews to try out as well  The house brews I tried were all good quality.
My tasting notes are below (your mileage may vary): * That'll Do IPA - their first IPA and very traditional tasting West Coast IPA flavors... very good.
* Magic in the Ivy - is a hoppy ale, not really an IPA, but the hops give it a good flavor and very sessionable at only 5.6% ABU * Amarillo IPA - not as good as the That'll Do, but fresh tasting * Das Alt Folks - is an Alt Bier / Amber, which was easy drinking and new craft beer drinkers should start with this one Scottsdale Blonde - is a Kolsch style light beer.... easy drinking for the light beer fans * Rice Pudding Porter - this was one of my favs.... has some good flavors with vanilla, but with the cloves it makes it more of a one pint experience for me compared to other porters.
*  Snowbird Imperial Stout - has a strong high alcohol kick to it at the end, like a whiskey barrel taste.
Good for a winter warmer, but beware of this one as it is 9%+  The bartender/owner was super cool, and I like that they have a good relationship with Mike Hess brewing from San Diego (Hess + Huss both equal good beer).
I hope they do a collaboration brew some time.
No food, but they normally have a food truck outside ready for you.

Awesome beer!
Dad Alt was really good, but the Rice Pudding Porter was MONEY!
Comfortable tasting room with lots of casual seating.
Bartender told me they brew for Papago, they have Orange Blossom on tap, I wanted to try their brews.
Definitely, a must for any beer lover.

Magic In The Ivy...don't visit Huss without trying this one...Amarillo By Morning is another one, oh, and....well, any of Huss's beers you don't want to miss!

Love this place.
Jeff knows his craft and I dig the "you have to be in the know" to even find this place.
Luckily its damn close to work.
Maybe a little too close.
Nevertheless he makes excellent beer and I'm a fan.

This place is right near my house which is great!
It's funny everyone I talk too asks me where the heck it is.
It's located in an industrial park behind the Fudruckers with a little sign that says beer out front.
What more could you want?
It has no food much like a few of the other tap rooms in the area.
They do have a food truck on Friday, but you can order pizza and have it delivered.
I'm not sure how I didn't think of that.
The ladies that work behind the counter serving beer are all extremely nice and friendly while you are hanging out and enjoying your beer.
They even do a yoga class there which is pretty unique.
The beer selection is varied.
They make the beer for Papago so they have those beers, their beers and guest beers on tap so there should be something for just about everyone.
The real standout for me is the Rice Pudding Porter.
It is my favorite porter by a large margin with it's almost Chia Tea like quality.
Is they have the Grapefruit Radler get a 1/2 and 1/2 of it and the Magic in the Ivy IPA.
It's one of the best summer beer drinks you can have.
Try: Rice Pudding Porter Radler + magic in the ivy

This is such a fantastic little spot to go and find some great beers, both by Huss Brewing, local brewers, and many west coast brewers as well.
They have a flight which is great if you want to sample all of their catalog.
The bartender was very cool and it was an enjoyable experience.
On the chalk board, the beers listed in red and orange chalk are the beers that they brewed.
The ones in white are from other breweries.
We didn't eat here but you can bring in food or you can order pizza and it will be delivered.
The ambience is nice and it is a little loud since it is a small-ish seating area.
The beer is served in canning jars and it brings a little country flair into the spot.
The weekends seem to be less crowded since everyone who is local go to a lake or a mountain for the weekend.
The best time to come is on a week night if you want some people to be around.
I am a fan of drinking local!

Scottsdale blonde kolsh has been my beer of the summer!!
More importantly I have tried all of their beers and each and every one is excellent!
BRAVO!

Super cool place.
Tucked away in a way only found intentionally.
Great beer selection with even better staff.
Go when Elisa works for the best experience.
She is friendly, talkative, and makes everyone feel at home.

Man the AZ craft brewery scene is really getting better and better.
Huss brewery is one if the new ones that's helping the scene come together.
Located in an industrial park it can be easy to drive by it.
I do like the trend of AZ breweries starting up in industrial parks.
It's very popular in San Diego and I hope it catches on more over here!
The tasting room is small, but it's big enough to enjoy some great beer.
Best thing about Huss is they had an outstanding guest tap rotation.
You will find some really good beers here.
I'm a fan of beer that they brewery actually brews.
Unfortunately on the day I came Huss only had a few beers.
The beer that stood out from the rest was That Will Do It.
I really enjoyed it.
After talking it the bartender I found out that Huss now brews the beers for Papago.
Good beer that too!
I guess they do yoga on Sundays by the brew tanks.
Sounds super cool, too bad I live too far.
Overall Huss is a cool little place for craft beer lovers.
I look forward to trying more if their beers in the future.

