Great place.
Nice and very helpful staff.
Clean an lots of variety..everything is perfectly priced.
Very cool that you can try liquid smoke before you buy!!!
Thanks!!!
I will be back!

Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.
Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.This is by far my favorite smoke shop.
The staff is very friendly and really helpful.
When I first went in, they didn't have the cigarettes I wanted, so they ordered them for me and they were in the next day!
They let me try some of the vape cigarettes for free and told me they would work out a price for me if I wanted to buy one in the future.
They are open early and the prices are very reasonable.
I only come here now because the guys (who I assume own the place) and the girl who works on Sundays are incredibly nice.
I recommend them to all my friends!

If I could give them 0 stars I WOULD.
Tried talking to a worker on the phone to see if they sold a certain item I wanted,  HUNG UP ON ME.
Couldn't even imagine how they are in person.

BUYER BEWARE!
Went in for battery charger, walked out with Vapor and attachment, was told there was a year warranty on all products.
ONE WEEK LATER, I knocked the Vape over onto my dresser, took it back to the store for replacement.
Was told warranty only covered battery, also they said I had to have broken it myself, nothing they can do.
I am reporting them to BBB, AZ Dept of Revenue (forgot to mention, part of original deal was they said they would NOT charge tax on 2 of the products) and who ever I need to for selling cigarettes to minors.
When I originally purchased my Vape, there were very young kids that walked in and bought loose tobacco.
I asked them when I left how old they were, 14!

Great service, great prices, and great e-juice make this shop a must for area vapers.

First time walk in there, great customer service, fair prices and they have a lots of varieties of the vape juice flavors , they help me find the perfect match for my taste  I'll recommend this place to all of my friends.

I tried so many Vape Shops and this place is my favorite!
They have everything and the best qualities and varieties!
The customer service is great and they are super friendly!
Highly recommend!

Trend Vape Is without a doubt the best vape shop around.
They have such a wide selection of e-juice!
The staff is also so very helpful.
I will def be back!

This is the best Vape shop I have ever been to!!!!
The most amazing customer service.
The best vape flavors and plenty to choose from.
If you want a great smoke shop to buy your vape then this the place!!!!!

This place is amazing!!!
I have never been to a vape lounge with not only 100 different flavors but the fact that I was allowed to try each and every one and have them spend over an hour with me explaining all the mods available to me!
This is Definately my new spot!!

Great customer service, very friendly,  great prices.
The employes take the time to explain their product very  thourghley .
I needed  to quit smoking and Adam help explain what I need to do.
I bought their E- juice, what a great product .
They have a great text program to earn points as well.
I recommend this place than any place I ever been.
Good job guys!
Keep it up.

Went to this shop randomly and Adam there is a great guy with plenty of knowledge of vaping.
I was impressed with his customer service and their juices are by far the best I've tasted so far in the city.
Recommend the "Strawberry Cheesecake", it's great!
This is my new go to shop!

It ok.
They do have a large selection of juices but the ones I tried were average.
As far as the staff/ownership goes I'd say they were certainly friendly but the furthest thing from knowledgeable.
It's more of a tobacco/glass shop that seems to be trying to also capture the growing vape market.
If your looking for average juice at a decent price this place would be A-OK.
If you're looking for The Standard, Five Pawns, Suicide Bunny you'll be outa luck.
Certainly not a bad spot but not the kind of place I'd visit again.

Chill place.
Many e-juices to choose from.
The attractive woman working helped me to pick a couple of new flavors I really like.
Very helpful, extremely courteous.
Their mods looked cool as well but I didn't take the time to browse those.
Inexpensive tanks and up to the higher quality is there.
I like that the juice is all natural and it tastes great, vaps great as well.
I'll be back.

I have been to many shops all over the valley for vape accessories, batteries, and e-cig juice.
This is not conveniently located to my home, but I make the drive anyway because their juice is the best and have referred some friends there whom were very happy as well.
They have the best juice in the valley, hands down, great selection.
Their flavors are not overly sweet which is what I like best.
Great customer service, great products!

