We recently moved into a new home had a friend recommend this company.
Steve came out and installed our new security system he explained how everything works and how easy it is to use the system.
Steve was very professional and efficient.
We already feel safer in our new home.
Thank You Smart Security

Called then and they came the same day to fix my beeping old alarm.
Great service and great offers.
Definitely recommend them.

Excellent service and even better offers!
Steve was very professional and had us up and running in no time!

Best customer service, these days you don't find a company like Smart Security.
If you are looking for an alarm for your home, office, or business I wouldn't trust anyone else but Steve Richardson with Smart Security.

We moved into our home a year or so ago that had an existing hard-wired security system.
We called a couple of other bigger name alarm companies to see if they could use my existing system and complement it with new hardware/technology.
Most of them either declined immediately or just wanted to install another duplicate/wireless security system in my home because they didn't want to take the time to trouble shoot the existing one.
The same day we called Safe Security, Steve came out and inspected our existing system.
He took the time to explain our options and most importantly, was able to use our existing system AND convert it to a new Honeywell system with cellular connection!
We highly recommend Safe Security.

Smart Security took care of my home and business security needs.
Steve, took the time to listen to my needs, gave his professional input and came up with a solution that fulfilled and security requirements and supplied it within my budget.
I would recommend Smart Security to anyone looking for a security system and service that will give you peace of mind.

Smart Security had the most reasonable and best pricing we could find.
More importantly,  Steve went above and beyond the call of duty.
I was opening a store and hammered with administrative work, Steve worked with my Internet provider to set the things up he needed saving me a tremendous amount of time.
Steve was also thorough, followed up days after making sure things were working perfectly.
Very good pricing, and even better service.
Well be using SMART security for all our store openings.

Steve was great.
Very flexible and he made the pricing work for what we wanted to accomplish.
If you're looking at adding cameras to your new or existing store, stop wasting your time and calling everyone else on Yelp.
Call Steve and move on to more pressing matters.

Great service, Great product!
Feelin' much safer and wasn't pressured into buying a bunch of extra's.
Josh came to our house the same day I called and explained everything very thoroughly and even installed same day.
I will recommend this company to all my friends and family.
Thanks Josh!

Love what Smart Security has to offer!
Josh is very knowledgeable, and I'm sure he can answer any security question that you can throw at him.
Give him a call & check out the smart phone apps!

