Consistently delicious.
Monday nights is a perfect date night $14.99 seafood buffet dinner and $5 movies!
Desert is good and for the price you can't beat the cleanliness and quality!

We came to Bristo Buffet after seeing some good reviews on yelp.
It was around 2:40pm when we got to Bristo.
The cashier told me the start picking up all the food by 3:15pm to prepare for dinner.
So, we had to rush to eat because they kick everyone out before they start setting up for dinner.
So I asked if could just pay for dinner.
The cashier said either way we would get kicked out.
This seemed weird to me because some buffets won't kick you out.
So we ended up staying for the fast buffet I have ever had.
We were done eating in like 40 mins.
Normally I can enjoy my food while talking to my wife.
Not today, we literally had to rush out of there.
My record at a buffet was 4 hrs at the Carnival buffet at the Rio.
We got there for breakfast & finished with dinner lol   Back to bristo buffet, some of the food was good.
I loved the crispy pork chops, the trip tip, the Mongolia food & Korean BBQ ribs.
The soups were hot & tasted ok.
There was some food that was cold.
Therefore, I didn't enjoy it.
I like to try this place again when we have time to enjoy our food.

If hometown buffet opened a casino, this is what it would be like.
Paid $25.99 each.
For what you paid for, this place just sucks.
Dining area is like a high school cafeteria, noisy and drafty.
Lots of food varieties cooked to mediocrity.
Pro: they have beer (served in a solo cup like a carnival).
Con: they only serve Miller light  Here's a tip: don't drop your fork because you only get one.

Stayed at the Palm hotel and decided to try the lunch Buffett Bristol!
Surprisingly as a Club Palm member (free to sign up) the buffet is $8.99!
The wide selections of international food such as Western, Thai, Chinese, Mongolian cuisines  etc were  unbelievable!
We were so spoilt with choices and everything tasted so fresh and delicious!
For this price, this lunch buffet is great value!
For those who have never been to a buffet in Vegas like us till today, we recommend you do so!

Too bad I can't give a 1/2 star.
Bistro Buffet is horrible.
Please be advised: discount for card holders only,  not even if you're with your children.
Pathetic... the food was horrible they should have let us all in to compensate for the lack of quality.
Unlike the Alize, the food isn't worth the hassle of getting a players card.
Take the 10-15 minutes drive to the M for great quality food,  culturally diverse selection and a nice selection of alcohol and beer.
The Bistro only offered Bud Light for beer and the typical wine selection.
M offer's more than the Palms.
Laricka was excellent and the only personable person in the entire establishment.
Hated this place, two thumbs down.
We were with a group of ten and we all agreed this place is horrible.
NEVER AGAIN.
Food Temps were below,  fish rubbery,  and small in comparison to the M.  Another good buffet is Red Rock!
Five of us in our party work for major corporation globally and not recommending this place EVER.

Wife and I stayed at the palms on June 28th and decided to buy the groupon for two.
One word...DONT.
Have you ever seen the Movie Vegas Vacation?
Remember when cousin Eddie made the statement the bread pudding is extra runny tonight, well that decribes much of the entrees and Dessertat the Palms Buffet.
We had the all you can drink Beer as well, but we were so disappointed that we decided to not partake.
Only thing that was worth eating was the "Prime Rib", they are kinda skimpy but just tell the guy to keep cutting.
Definately overall a thumbs down

