Great to finally have a restaurant/bar move into this long vacant space in my hood!
Was treated to lunch for donating a backpack to CCSD.
Kudos for having this charity event!
The space is quite impressive, with an atrium main dining area and earthy/modern decor.
The crab stack appetizer was good with an elegant plating.
The lamb chops were a little overcooked but had good flavor, and were served with tasty white beans.
The flourless chocolate cake was pretty amazing, and I'm not a chocolate dessert fan.
Sammy's is off to a good start in Green Valley!

Great food, great service!
A must try if your around Green Valley Parkway and Pebble area.
Bbq Gouda chicken pizza and toffee pudding was delish!!
The hot stone steak appetizer is also a must try.
They brew a really refreshing passion iced tea as well.

I am so excited to have this fabulous restaurant so close to my home.
The food here is so good, and I plan on eating here a lot!
I love love the salads, especially the shrimp salad, I could eat it daily!
The pizzas are wonderful, the crab stack appetizer, chicken lettuce cups, literally everything is delicious.
This is destined to be one of my favorite places!

The restaurant is beautiful.
The food is very good.
Will I be back?
I don't really think so.
This is a very interesting review to write because while the food was quite good, as well as the fact that the restaurant is on the cutting edge of modern design, I left feeling somewhat disappointed.
It's very apparent that Sammy's is attempting to be the new trendy hot spot in the neighborhood.
The comfortable place where you can go to get pizzas, salads, and sundaes as an entire family, is no more.
While all that is still on the menu, and those selections are the same as they used to be, tapas takes the forefront.
The decor is gorgeous.
But the flaws outweigh the beauty.
There are too many tables for the space available and the large, modern, wicker chairs don't made it any easier to maneuver through the restaurant.
I was sitting in a seat where I could see everyone come into the restaurant and be seated.
There was literally not enough space to get to your seat, as in, the hostess had to actually move a table to allow for the customers to get through.
I felt bad for the older customers, as well as the bigger customers in there, as it was apparent that they were having a very difficult time getting to their seat and then leaving afterward.
The food was good, but factoring the price, sort of disappointing.
I'm aware that finer ingredients make the meal cost more.
I have no problem going to a Lawry's or a Joe's Stone Crab because I feel that what I get justifies the price.
But $12 for a single crab cake that's just petite and took two people sitting at my table a cumulative of three bites to finish is just unfulfilling.
Sammy's is trying to be the next Firefly, minus the salmonella, but what you get just doesn't cut it.
Sammy's is desperately trying to be the trendiest place in all of Green Valley.
But if I want to get tapas or a high-quality dinner and enjoy a great time with friends, I want to be in a place that's welcoming and there are far better options.
It seems that Sammy's is doing everything right on paper, but isn't factoring the most important element to a restaurant, making the customer feel at home.

My friend Sarah Jane invited me to the Sammy's elite event as her plus 1, but when she wasn't able to make it.
She somehow got me invited with a plus 1 to the Sammy's VIP event a few nights later.
I love that girl!
This was a complete success from start to finish.
They executed this event perfectly.
I was greeted at the door and she easily found my name.
My friend wasn't there yet, so she wrote her name next to mine and assured me she would have no issues getting in.
As I walked in I was greeted by more people, one offered me a glass of champagne.
I went to the bar and almost immediately someone came up to me to offer a slice of pizza.
The flow of the food was perfectly timed.
It seemed just as I would finish one thing someone else was offering me a new item.
Pretty much every thing I tried was delicious.
The pizzas were great.
My two absolute favorites were the Goat Cheese (Sautéed mushrooms, garlic spinach and red onion - which I took off) and Five Cheese (Gouda, Raclette, Romano, Mozzarella, and Gorgonzola - perfect).
The Garlic chicken was my least favorite, although I did like the BBQ Chicken (Smoked Gouda, BBQ Sauce, Cilantro - I removed the ren onion, of course)  The duck tacos were great.
I really liked the tomato/cilantro sauce.
Duck is definitely one of my most under eaten but favorite meats.
I love when a restaurant isn't afraid to use it.
They also had a duck quesadilla that was pretty delicious.
I was in duck heaven.
Some other yummy things that I tried: Some kind of tuna on a cracker - perfect and some kind of fish tacos.
Both were good, but I really liked the tuna.
The specialty cracker (it didn't really taste like a regular cracker) paired perfectly with the tuna.
I could have eaten 100 of those.
So good!!
One of the only things I didn't like too much was the hummus.
I'm not sure exactly what about it.
Maybe I was just stuffed as it was one of the last things I tried, but I think I just didn't like it.
Even the house red wine they were serving was pretty good.
I tried a few of the specialty cocktails and although they were good.
I'm not a cocktail girl.
Everyone was so friendly.
Great customer service.
We sat at the bar the majority of the night and even though the staff seemed very busy they were attentive.
The venue is awesome.
Large bar right in the middle.
There's an atrium style room to one side with large windows.
There's also going to be a tavern open 24/7 linked to the restaurant.
I can't wait to come back on Thursday for ladies night.
Ladies drink 2 for 1 8pm to 12am and also to try the mac and cheese, made with Tillamook Cheddar, my favorite!

Ooh this place in the Green Valley hood is open 24/7!
That was the first thing I noticed when I read the 411 about  the new Sammy's restaurant.
Because when I have 3am cravings for duck tacos or I want a dessert for breakast(which is the very first thing I did on my official visit here http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sammys-restaurant-bar-and-grill-henderson?selected=nd2mtwNWS3VTUtSsgh3esw#6toCyEXOe6hYjLnFocaugw) I know very well where to go now!
Yes I have dined here 4 times already!
Had fun trying out the Brie French toast during the mock breakfast.
Had a blast when they hosted the Yelp Elite Event ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/elite-event-yelps-red-carpet-affair-sammys-henderson#hrid:n04td4eR6icK6Zxru0ZlCQ ) and been back twice now since they officially opened.
It's safe to say I'm a fan.
The standouts for me are their tapas and dessert offerings.
The tapas menu is pretty unique and has an international flair.
There's Asian and Mediterranean cuisine thrown in as well...or should I say fused together..IE their Duck Tacos!
Mini taco shells filled with shredded duck,creamy feta cheese and cilantro.
They surprisingly pulled off the combo of ingredients.
The Hot Rock is another tapas dish and must try.
The beef is presented to you raw  marinated in ponzu sauce.
You have to grill it yourself on a super HOT rock that is on top salt rock crystals which keeps the rock heated.
I only wish they would give you a little more slices of beef for the amount you pay for this dish.
For desserts, the Sticky Toffee Pudding is wicked good!
Sweet moist cake served over a warm toffee sauce that eventually soaks thru.
It's paired with a scoop of vanilla ice cream to balance the sweet stuff.
Yeah those evil sweets, so best have dessert in the morning so you have all day to burn those calories off!
That doesn't help though I was back later for dinner and shared the Messy Sundae with Mr. B.  Caramel and Chocolate sauce, walnuts, whip cream all over the place ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sammys-restaurant-bar-and-grill-henderson?selected=nd2mtwNWS3VTUtSsgh3esw#l1e1s-4NV_6JNx6gDOgvHg) ..need I say more?
I also appreciate the focus is on healthy, fresh and organic, like the eggs for the omelet I had were cage free.
Yummy Vegetarian, Vegan and Gluten free dishes are also served.
Adding their Baba Ghanoush to my #Meatless Monday rotation.
Atmosphere ..love it!
Casual cool and inviting.
The livingroom-like dining area on the right side is the place to be!
Its another huge factor that plays into this place for being one of the designated neighborhood places to dine.
Its open and airy,  natural lighting during the day.
Love the wicker furnishings it didn't feel cramped at all, the floor to ceiling glass were actually doors that slide open and voila!!
It converts to a patio!
When its not windy they have it opened up.
I'm all about dining  al fresco!
The small negatives -  Breakfast was just okay.
I did like what I had though.
I think the price point for what you get is just a tad much.
I'm guessing maybe because the demographic makeup of this area they mainly cater to can afford it.
This place for sure is not your "I come here to-get-my-daily -breakfast-burrito- place.
Oh and steak and fries $25?
That's a bit much too.
Other than that, there's enough dishes well worth it.
Service has been great!
They are well staffed in all the areas.
There was a little wait time to be seated but it was crowded at the entrance.
NOTE: They do take reservations and the manager I talked to also said OpenTable will be implemented soon.
So I highly advise you make reservations especially for dinner time hours.
Well those are the deets!
I'm sure Ill have more foodporn pix pop up soon enough since you'll find me here often!
Welcome to the neighborhood Sammys!

I was really excited about Sammy's especially from all the great reviews at the Yelp Elite Event.
Unfortunately it fell a little short for me.
However, I am willing to go back again and give it another try.
We ordered the Mediterranean Appetizer, Waygu burger, pear prosciutto and arugula pizza as well as the toffee dessert.
The appetizer was delicious.
I would order it again, the babaganoush and the cheese were my favorites.
The Burger - Oh how we wanted to love you.
The patty was well cooked and delicious, the bun was a soggy wet mess.
It literally fell apart.
I will attach a pic of what the bun looked like once we got it.
He ended up just eating the burger alone and taking the remains of the bun off altogether.
The Pizza- Delicious!
It was a bit heavy on the cheese but I liked it.
The Dessert- It tasted pretty good however it wasn't warm at all, not even room temperature.
I asked the waitress if it was supposed to be warm ...
I kid you not 18 minutes later she still said she had no idea.
It was confirmed at the end by the chef it should have been.
Management did comp our dessert which was very nice but not necessary.
Service- Extremely slow, asked for napkins and we never got them.
Had to ask for water after our glasses were empty.
Our waitress was nice however she really wasn't around, Multiple people in our section complained about her.
We waited about 10 minutes just to get the bill, then the waitress said she forgot and we had to wait some more.
I'm hoping we just caught them on an off day.
I like the ambiance and the location is perfect.
Our waitress suggested we wait a couple more weeks before returning because its "crazy".
We will do just that: be back in November Sammy's.

To be fair, this was our second time dining at the upgraded version of Sammy's on Green Valley Parkway and we will NOT BE RETURNING.
The breakfasts consist of the same Sysco-type food that every other restaurant in Henderson (and Vegas for that matter)  have to offer.
The same frozen potatoes with peppers, small eggs from GMO fed farms (organic cage-free doesn't mean gmo free) and grossly processed meat.
So save a few bucks and just dine at the Grand Cafe up the street for the same low quality.
What ever you do, don't order your eggs scrambled - it's nasty.
Not sure what mix or cream they used, but it was like eating yellow creamy foam.
Never again.
I will drive the extra miles just to get the best breakfast on earth at EAT downtown.
For a place that boasts "gluten-free" options, I was stunned that they didn't even offer gluten free bread for breakfast.
Their juice drinks at $4+ a clip aren't even fresh - rather they are poured from a bottle and/or the equivalent to drinking a Coke.
Cheap ingredients and originality is very low.
The pizzas could have been frozen for all I knew.
Bland and no flavor.
If you like matzo crackers, then the artisan pizzas are for you.
The salads were wilted and over poured with dressing.
During BOTH visits, the staff refused to give me box for our pizza!
They offered to "box" it, yet BOTH times they ruined two left over pizzas  by wrapping them securely  in aluminum foil!
Who does this?
Do they think  the toppings won't stick to the foil?
Or maybe that people with a nice car don't want food leaking???
When I asked for a "box", I was told, "we don't give out boxes".
Mind you, they give boxes for take out, but if you buy two of the most expensive pizzas and only eat half, you get foil.
I told her that I would pay for a box and so the waitress returned with a plastic container that was clearly too small for the pizza and said "will this do"?
Then she walked away in a huff.
The two California investors for this restaurant standing by did nothing.
It is my hope that the CA investors who are constantly on the floor and yet strangely never  interact with patrons, will bring in a few experienced servers from California to demonstrate to Las Vegas waitstaff how the job should be done.
This "i will probably only ever serve you once" mentality is best left for Las Vegas Blvd.

Just had lunch here.
I've been watching it being built and finally made it over after they opened.
Totally honest I've never heard of it besides this location so I was expecting like a TGIF since it's in a office building area.
Much to my delight it was very nice inside and a much classier place.
Pros: awesome menu and even better beer selection!
Cons: kinda pricey, spot on for the "area" since it's across the highway from The District but two lunches and 4 "craft" draft beers later was like $55!
The price won't stop us from coming back.
It'll be interesting to see how this place works out after a few months.
Service was great but they had a ton of people on the wait staff since they just opened.
Looking forward to trying dinner!
Thanks for the Kobe burgers and Rogue beer!

With a fantastic yelp event at Sammy's already under my belt, I was really wanting to go back for some great food!
We wanted to bring our neighbor here since he doesn't live here full time.
He's a 'smooth' talker.
He walked around the restaurant, saw the huge corner table was empty and immediately went to the hostesses to ask for that table.
It was reserved but they hadn't showed up yet and were late for their reservation.
One of the managers said if they didn't show up in 5 minutes the table was ours!
Lady luck!
They sat just the 3 of us at this huge comfy table!
Nice!
Kimberly was our fantabulous waitress!
She was bubbly, attentive and just plain awesome!
We kept trying to talk her into joining us for our meal.
Of course she was working and couldn't explain that one to her boss.
But she was a delight for our entire dining experience.
Hot Rock appetizer anyone?
It was so good the first time and was just the same this evening.
The steak was full of flavor as we cooked it to our enjoyment.
This will probably be ordered every time we visit Sammy's.
Delicious!
We decided to go family style and split everything we ordered.
This included the Kobe beef sliders with fries and the Hawaiian Pizza.
OH MY!
Full of flavor and perfectly cooked describes both of the items to a T!
The thinly sliced pineapple on the pizza instead of chunks gave the pizza an all over evenly hawaiian pizza taste!
I loved this way of preparation because sometimes you just get all pineapple on one piece when it's in chunks.
Hawaiian Pizza ~ A+ !
The 3 kobe sliders were cooked to our liking (medium rare) with cheddar evenly melted on top.
Sometime even the more simple burgers can be the best!
Sammy's is definitely an asset to Henderson and I can't wait to go back again.
The food and service are definitely top notch!

I went here for dinner tonight.
The food was very good.
But the staff did not seem knowledgeable.
I'm in the restaurant industry.
I have always worked where you need to know the menu.
I ordered a glass of reisling and the server asked if it was red or white!
I asked about the Greek yogurt on the menu she didn't know it was there.
Upon leaving I asked the manager about it and he didn't know about it either.
It still says 24 hours on website and menu but it's not!
I will be back for the food.
I just won't ask any questions.
Get it together!

Great local gaming bar.
Friendly bartenders.
I would recommend better signage on the back entrance to the gaming bar and two more TVs behind the bar.
Otherwise a gray place to watch a game.

I have not one complaint about this place.
I norm sit at the bar whn ever Im here.
The bartenders are fast and attentive they def make for an enjoyable time and very friendly.
The decor is hip and cool love the patio set up and big couches.
Food so far so good I hvnt had a dish I did not like and you can order cotton candy for dessert!!
Where they do that at!?
I will say the drinks are a tad pricey but they have happy hrs and drink deals each night so it makes up for it :)

After the yelp elite event (which was fantastic) I knew I had to return to Sammy's for a meal.
I'm glad I did.
I had lunch on a weekday and it was busy.
Not packed, but at least half full.
Very brisk business.
I sat in the kind of half couch tables that face the bar.
VERY comfortable and unique.
Had a good view of the TV, but you have to turn your head slightly.
Service was a little spotty as the bartender was busy.
This is why I usually don't sit in the bar area at restaurants when I am dining.
However, once I ordered, my food was out very quickly.
I had the sliders with fries and added gorgonzola cheese.
Fantastic.
The bun is soft and toasty and did not fall apart.
This was particularly impressive as the burger was JUICY.
The patties are flavorful.
I could use a little more of the sauce, next time I order them I'll probably ask for more on the side.
The fries are good, thin and crispy with some nice seasoning.
Cool design and atmosphere with a comprehensive menu.
We'll definitely come back.

Quick look: quality and affordable comfort food.
Specialty is gourmet wood oven pizzas and massive salads.
Very comfortable, open air room - if you can figure out how to get to the front door!
In depth review: very familiar with this Vegas Valley chain and decided to try it out on a Monday night.
After a few minutes of navigation through the adjacent business park trying to figure out how to find Sammy's parking lot and entrance, we walked in and were surprised at how busy it was.
Bar had a good crowd for MNF.
After waiting a couple minutes we were seated at a large table / booth towards the front (facing Green Valley Parkway).
It was a chilly Monday night and they did have one of the sliding glass walls open.
I enjoyed the fresh air but my lady was cold (as usual).
So bring a sweater or jacket if you go in Fall / Winter season at night.
Service was prompt.
Our waiter was still trying to master the little touch screen they use to take orders.
He suggested a flatbread appetizer that comes with three different Hummus style dipping sauces.
So we ordered that along with a margarita pizza and a grilled shrimp salad.
Explained to him that we wanted the pizza and the salad brought out together as our entrees and that we would split them.
So we wait about 25 minutes (too long) and finally our flat bread and dip came out to munch on as an appetizer.
As soon as I reach for it another runner arrives with our entrees in hand.
Was not too pleased and explained that we just got our appetizer and please take the entrees back.
For some reason many quality places in Vegas have this issue with timing and seem to want to turn tables as fast as they can?!
Waiter comes back and apologizes.
Blames it on the kitchen (obviously).
Either way, we enjoy the appetizer and the entrees come out later.
They were great.
The salad was massive and could easily feed 2 - 3 people.
The pizza was cooked perfect and blew similar style at a CPK or Settebello out of the water!
We were too full for desert but I could see the tables around us ordering them and they looked delicious.
Actually they looked massive and could easily be shared.
Really not going to hold the issue with timing against them.
They are a new spot and obviously need to work out some kinks in their operation.
Our waiter was super polite and we think he will be just fine as soon as he masters that touch pad.
He did comp the appetizer and our drinks.
Manager never came to table to apologize but we are sure he signed off on the comp.
Also did not get a good night when we walked out and past the hostess - but thats OK.   We will be back.
It's a really nice casual spot and very reasonably priced for the amount of food they give you.
Great location and it should do just fine.

Love the staff!
We had dinner and feel in love with the food.
We watch Monday night football in their gaming area.
They could use some more TVs and they ran out of my beer.
"Bud lite ".
I will go back!

Gave it a whirl.
Really like the indoor yet outdoor feeling of the "patio" dining area.
I love their patio dining atmosphere... open, airy and just all around fun... like being in someone's solarium.
The groupings of tables and "booths" which are overstuffed chairs/couches is really nice.
I'm thinking this would be a nice place for happy hour... not dark and closed in like some places... this is light and open.
Their salads are big enough to share.
Their Mediterranean appetizer trio is awesome... love it!
The chicken lettuce wraps are filling if you happen to get them as an entrée like I did.
Well... ok... so I was full after eating most of the appetizer and then my lettuce wraps.
Next time.... if I go with my mom again... we'll order 1 salad and 1 Med appetizer and that will do us just fine.
Note... don't order a Bellini... they don't make it with peach puree or peach juice... it just came out as sparkling wine.
This was a miss.

I've been to many Sammy's in the Vegas Valley and this newest location was by far the best!
I dined at the Green Valley location for the first time with my husband on Friday.
The restaurant was very busy but we did not have to wait too long for a table.
The hostesses' attitudes felt abrasive and rushed.
Our server was Anthony and boy were we lucky to have him.
My husband being a smart-alec was firing out all sorts of questions about the menu and he answered them with ease.
Anthony took us through the menu and highlighted some of the more popular items featured at Sammy's.
We ordered the crab stack, the dipping sampler and chicken meatballs...YUM!!
For dinner we had a HUGE kale salad and a Hawaiian pizza.
Our meal was timed perfectly and we received new plates and silverware before our dinner came out.
Everything was spot on.
My family and I will definitely return soon with our friends.
Maybe even dare to try the messy sundae :)

Well anything that replaces an Applebee's is already a plus in my book.
I like Sammy's Pizza, it's usually convenient when I meeting my friends who live across town or meeting friends with kids, as I find them very kid friendly.
I've visited the Arroyo Crossing & the W. Sahara location multiple times and it is never a disappointment.
I love their Pear & Gorgonzola pizza along with the others, BBQ, Margarita.
My favorite app is the Duck Tacos (not to be confused with the duck quesadilla, not a fan).
And who doesn't love the Messy Sundae?
This location is great, huge open floor plan, bar right in the middle, but my favorite thing about this location is the wall facing Green Valley Pkwy opens up and exposes the entire restaurant to fresh air.
I love it!
This is definitely a great addition to the GV area.
Can't wait to come and try brunch.
This place is pretty decent when it comes to chain restaurants.

WOW.
Finally, a meal that was worth $80.
We pulled up, and it was BUSY.
I mean, PACKED.
The thing that I don't like about this place, is the set up.
The host(ess) desk is so close to the doors, that there is maybe about two (2) feet of standing room when you are waiting to tell the greeter how many are in your party.
There was at least six (6) of us waiting, trying to find out seat arrangements in a crampy space.
This is with the entire restaurant though....even when we were seated.
Be prepared to be real close with other people who are eating there.
My guy ran off to the bathroom, and before he even got back, our daughter and I were seated...
So, the wait was probably three (3) minutes.
The decor is new, something that I haven't seen before....
Almost an outdoors-y, upscale chic with river rocks....and really nice lighting.
The seats were comfortable.
Up comes our waitress (meh).
Of course, ordering a beer is easy.
I of course, want a yummy cocktail.
I ask the waitress which she would have.
Between the orange mojito, and the Soju spice.
She admits that she hasn't had either, but to get the Soju Spice because "it's different".
I went along with the Soju spice ($10) and I am so glad that I did.
--Tyku Sojo, Cilantro, Jalapeno, St. Germain Elderflower Liqueur, with Sweet & Sour.
!MONEY!
A 23oz Stella was $8.
We were also given two (2) waters, and a nice full pitcher of water.
Thank goodness, because that refilled our glasses twice (2), without us having to hunt our waitress down.
We decided to go with the duck tacos for an appetizer (10.50) Feta, tomato, napa cabbage, tomato-cilantro sauce  I ordered the (fresh, never frozen) Grilled Hawaiian Mahi Tacos ($12) Tomato-avocado salsa, napa cabbage, Chipotle sauce, flour or corn tortillas  He ordered the Kobe Beef sliders, with cheese (12.50) Chipotle Aioli (Add gorgonzola or aged cheddar +1)  and a Thai chicken salad (11.50) to share.
Mixed greens, julienned carrots & zucchini, tomatoes, peanuts, bean sprouts, cilantro, mint, Thai dressing  The duck tacos came out, and they were quite good.
They were in a hard corn shell, and we both thought that they could have used a little more ,sauce on them....The duck is somewhat missing, but the lettuce, tomatos, and feta are ALL over the plate.
I mean, it was like having a salad after wards.
Our entrees came, there were two (2) tacos on my plate, and I gave up one for a slider.
The slider was tender, melt in your mouth, and had so much flavor.
It was one of the best that I had ever had.
My fish taco was also impressive.
The flavor was outstanding.
The fish was cooked perfectly, and so moist.
We both ordered fries with our meal, and we both asked for a side of ranch.
Out with our meals came two (2) sides of ketchup, and one (1) side of ranch......interesting.
The thai chicken salad is the thing that was meh.
The chicken was super dry, and even with the peanuts, the salad had no texture, and was just soggy.
Definitely not worth $11.50.
With nothing but a few scattered french fries on our plates, we are waiting for them to be cleared, so we can order dessert.
Our waitress passes us twice.
The manager comes by, asks us how everything was.....we answer and ask for a dessert menu.
He also, leaves our plates, and comes back with our dessert menu.
Our plates are still not cleared when he walks away.
Our waitress comes by, and finally gathers our plates, when we order the Messy Sundae, ($9)Vanilla ice cream, chocolate & caramel sauce, walnuts, whipped cream.
We send her with our card, and get our sundae.
The ice cream, was not very creamy.... it almost had that freezer burn texture, kind of gritty.
The walnuts, in my opinion, ruined it.
They had that funny, dirty walnut taste... Another nut could do this dessert more justice.
While finishing up our sundae, our daughter decided to drop and break the sugar dish.
Thankfully, management wasn't a jerk about it.... What can I say, we really know how to make an "exit".
We will be back, especially for happy hour!

Place is pretty big.
There is 4 sections (24hr gaming bar, indoor, regular bar and a "patio" section).
We got there on Sunday around 6/7pm and it was packed.
There was no seating area so we had stand and wait to be seated.
We finally got seated after 15min, the waitress got us our beverages and took our order.
Here is what I think of this place: - slow service/barely any service - dishes that are already on the table is dirty (still had old food residue) - portion size of the pizza is a bit bigger than your typical Sammy's but it's not the same because they do not have a brick oven to cook the pizza.
And they didn't use the artisan crust for the Brie cheese w truffle oil "artisan crust" pizza - prices are a lot higher than your typical Sammy - it took over half hour to get our food and when we got it, it wasn't even what we ordered so we had to wait some more.
- place is very loud because if the high ceiling and glass surroundings  All in all my bf and I didn't like the place.
We will stick to "our" Sammy's on 215 and rainbow where it's just much more intimate w great customer service.

Our evening started out at their beautiful bar with a quinoa salad and hummus appetizer.
The salad goes nicely on top of the hummus pita actually and the atmosphere was happy, contemporary and fun with jazzy music and pretty people.
Next we enjoyed a fabulous whole wheat pizza with vegan daiya cheese, sun dried tomatoes, sautéed onions, artichoke hearts and mushrooms.
It was perfect.
Our waiter Mark was fabulous and insightful with lots of seasonal suggestions.
Lastly we enjoyed the incredible Salted Carmel Pudding and Sticky Toffee Pudding desserts.
We were pleasantly surprised to meet the owner Sammy and his wife Sharon as we dined and learned of his passion for fine food and healthy living.
We wanted to write this review because we are so grateful that Sammy and Sharon are ahead of their time in offering vegan and gluten free dishes prepared with love.
Try this and any of his other restaurants, it will become your dining room away from home!

I ate here last night for the first time and loved it!
I got a grilled chicken and hummus wrap and it was so delicious.
A perfect blend of flavors!
The service was ok but far from good.
The prices were very reasonable.
I will definitely go back for the food!

I was busy the evening of the Elite event at Sammy's so I did not get to attend...
So when my sweet friend Jaime W. asked if she could take me here for brunch to celebrate my birthday I was stoked to check out the place so many of my Yelp friends had raved about.
This is a gorgeous restaurant!
I loved the beautiful decor...
It felt like we were dining on an island somewhere.
I was also excited to see that a friend was being trained as a waitress while we were there...
Sometimes it can be annoying to get a trainee as your waiter or waitress, but I enjoyed getting to see a familiar face (and she didn't make any major mistakes while serving us).
As beautiful as the interior of Sammy's is, there were a few things that needed some work.
I originally wanted one of the special 'handcrafted juice refreshers'  but they were unavailable.
So I decided to get a mimosa, we were celebrating my birthday after all.
Mimosas are listed as $8 on the menu with a $10 all-you-can-drink advertised as a Sunday special... but somehow, my single mimosa was $10.
The highlight of the meal, for me, was the adorable little donuts that we started with.
They were served with chocolate and raspberry sauces and were super delicious.
The breakfast burrito I got was large, but just ok taste-wise.
Sammy's staff was generous enough to give me a free dessert for my birthday, the Messy Sundae.
It  was rather cool looking but uninspired in terms of flavor and very  difficult to eat.
Overall, I enjoyed my initial visit to Sammy's enough to want to go back sometime.
Hopefully some of the kinks will have been worked out by the time I do so!

TWO STARS is all you get.
Reason being I am glad this location was not taken over by a pawn shop, happy ending spa or a needle exchange and also because the food is decent.
I repeat.
The food is decent.
My big beef with this restaurant is the service.
When I say service I mean the Management.
I have been to Sammy's on three separate occasions.
First time with a fellow Yelper for brunch and I had the breakfast tacos which were good.
Not great, but good.
Service was on point.
Second visit was at lunch time on a Sunday with my mother.
It took our waitress 25 minutes to get us our drinks.
I realize how long it takes to get water and how difficult it is.
What was even more annoying than our waitress was the fact that they let the patrons who were sitting at the nice bar in the center of the restaurant scream at the TV during the football game.
They were tossing back $10 bottomless Mimosas and obnoxiously reacting to every play and startling all of the dining customers who most of them appeared to have just come from church.
Not cool especially because this restaurant has a side sports bar where they should have been directed to.
Not cool especially because the Managers did nothing at all about it.
The Managers stood by the bar and watched the game the entire time, too!
Not my idea for a relaxing Sunday brunch.
If I wanted this ruckus I would have gone to the sports book!
Third visit I really disliked a pasta dish I was sharing.
Took one bite and no more.
I mentioned it to the waitress and was still charged for it.
Way to keep it classy, Sammy's.
NOT ONCE IN ANY OF MY VISITS DID THE MANAGERS TOUCH ANY TABLES TO SEE IF THE GUESTS WERE HAPPY WITH THEIR FOOD AND SERVICE.
Lastly, I did not want to write this review.It's my favorite time of year when I pretty much love everyone and everything.
I shared my frustration with their website directly.
But, when 2 MONTHS later I did not receive anything more than a generated email response from the Sammy's website I knew I had to let the Yelp family know.
I will not be playing it again, Sam I am.

I'm urging people to avoid this place at all costs.
My daughters and I ordered a pizza.
It was terrible.
A frozen pizza from Smith's would have been better.
The service was as bad as the food.
The server seemed to go out of her way to avoid us.
Then she overcharged us & the manager had to make corrections to the bill.
There are many good restaurants in the Henderson area.
This isn't one of them.

My family and I went there for my birthday.
I have very high expectations seeing it's my birthday dinner.
I choose to give them my money which will never happen again.
It took 20 minutes for someone to take our order, I never knew my servers name, when the order was taken 2 entrees were not entered into the system.
Dressing was not brought and forgotten about.
The chopped salad was the worst salad ever.
No server came and asked if everything is ok.
So here's my advice.... Do not give a server a busy station, servers need to communicate with customers as people because last time I check I was a person and I can be talked to about anything.
The manager was absolutely amazing and I thank him for that but no service recovery helped us.
Please retrain your servers.
The customers deserve that for giving you their money and are there for a positive experience so they will be repeat customers.
I hope this changes because it's just another checked off place that I will never go to.

Have eaten at other Sammy's locations many times over the years in Las Vegas and Henderson - but my visit to this location will serve as my last visit to Sammy's.
Service was just awful (tapas and first courses served after entrees were brought out - not sure if this was an issue with the kitchen or the waitstaff), food was unremarkable at best, management was not on top of anything and made no effort to address any issues, charges were on the bill for upcharges not disclosed on the menu, one item came to the table with an ingredient incorporated in the item that requested to not be in the item, that the server verified would be left out of the dish (guess they are not concerned about or attentive to guest requests for preferences, potential food allergies, other items).
Way too many lapses in service, poor quality of food and lack of management oversight.
Never again, just terrible...

The service was horrible.
Ordered two pizzas and a salad.
35 minutes for the pizzas to arrive, they were room temperature.
The salad took another 25 minutes.
Server was non-existent.
Had to ask other servers for drinks and our check.
Disappointing.
Will not be back.

The service of a Restraunt is both it's face and backbone and this one has horrible complacent service...
It took us an hour and a half to have a meal here on a Sunday night.
We sat there for 30 mins before we had our drinks.
Like previous posts, we noticed the manager standing near the bar watching football while his Restraunt was falling down around him.
We saw several employees on the floor but "they" were clearly running the show, and poorly at that.
Steps of service were nonexistent.
From start to finish the service was lacking on every level.
Our server's section was clearly larger than she could handle, follow up was a joke, dirty dishes in front if us the whole meal, we wanted refills on our drinks but couldn't get them and the check took forever to come and God knows we couldn't wait to leave this place!
Save yourself from a huge hassle and order Domino's...

Although the food was good, I hate to say that the service this time around was not.
My first time here a few weeks back was much better, even though the place was packed, we received constant, excellent service.
Tonight was a totally different experience.
We ordered an app and two pizzas, waited at least thirty-five minutes, app never showed.
When the pizzas arrived we asked that the app be cancelled.
Our server came back to say the pizzas just cooked faster than our little dumpling app (really??).
I can forgive a mistake (like if someone forgets to put our app order in...) but I don't like being lied to.
She proceeded to say that it was being cooked and that the manager would swing by and 'take care of it'.
We never saw such manager, our server only checked on us once, and I left with a bad taste in my mouth.
I love the feel of this new Sammy's but one cannot live on ambiance alone.
There's a small mom & pop pizza spot down the street from home that always delivers on the service front.
I'd rather give them my business no matter how meager it may seem.
It would have showed some good character if a manager would've showed up and simply apologized for whatever mistake was made.
No need to comp anything, just own up to the mistake, apologize and move on.
Very disappointed, I really wanted to love this new location.

Came in on a Saturday for lunch, the place was packed!
what a beautiful setting, I felt like I was back in California.
Very open and windows everywhere!
Sat at the bar, with the bartender Mary.
Wow what a sweetie.
She was truly on her game.
My bf and I split a few apps.
We had the hummus and duck tacos.
Mary even had the chef prepare slices of the gluten free crust so I would have something other then veggies to dip.
And the duck tacos, I could eat these everyday they are so good.
Grilled duck, with cilantro, tomatoes, fetta and some type of cilantro sauce.
Theyre amazing.
We will def be coming back here soon.

My Experience: My friend's step-mom recommended this place.
Had dinner here on 12/20 with my friends.
I was already impressed as soon as we were seated because they sat us at one of the best tables they had.
The hostess sat us at the corner table that had a huge comfy couch.
Our table was really nice because we had a view of the street and it was super super comfortable.
Our server's name was Anthony (I think).
We had wine questions and he was very helpful.
After our drinks came we decided to start on their Mediterranean Dip Sampler and they were really amazing!
My friends and I ordered own entrées and we were not disappointed at all with what we ordered.
Then, as soon as we finished our meal and started talking about dessert our server placed a huge complimentary sundae on our table.
The Messy Sundae is a must have because it's like being a little kid again.
The sundae was a tall plastic wine glass that had vanilla ice cream in it with caramel and chocolate all over the whole thing topped with whipped cream.
It was sooooooo good!
My overall opinion: I really like the ambiance of this place.
Their furnitures are comfortable.
I have no complaints at all about the service our server did a very good job.
Their menu looks great.
The price range is pretty reasonable.
They have a decent wine and beer selections.
For a place that opened just a few months ago, I think they are doing a pretty good job.

I was never a fan of Sammy's but I will make an exception for this Green Valley location!
I love this location!!
The 1st time I gave it and tried this place I was hooked!
I went back three days in a row!!
Lol Great ambiance, yummy food (mini sliders with gorgonzola cheese, pork dumplings, fries with sauce, shrimp & garlic pizza, & fried donuts are my favorites), & their spicy bloody mary's are delicious!!
:-P Go check it out, especially during happy hour!!

The only reason this is not a 1-star review is because the food was actually good.
The service, however, was terrible.
We had a reservation for our large group of 12 but still had to wait 20 minutes to be seated.
The manager was rude and told us that a reservation was not a guarantee for seating.
After we were finally seated, it took over an hour for our food to arrive.
It's unfortunate that something as easy to provide as service was so blatantly ignored and that customers were treated as a burden.
Get it together or you won't survive the Vegas local's service expectations.

I came here with my entire family after a whole day of noshing.
I wasn't necessarily hungry but I had no choice.
We normally go to the Sahara location and it was my first time at this location which is close to my aunt's house.
I love the interior...classy-looking for a pizza place.
My favorite is their goat cheese pizza but that's what I always get so it was time to try something different.
We got the brie cheese and truffle oil thin crust pizza, wagyu burgers and mini kobe beef burgers.
Brie Cheese and Truffle Oil Thin Crust Pizza: I love brie and truffle/truffle oil.
Our server warned me this was going to be very truffly and fragrant - it was not the case.
The brie was strong enough to subdue the truffle oil a bit.
4/5  Kobe Beef Sliders: The beef patty was juicy.
The gorgonzola was great with the burger.
Comes with fries.
3.5/5  We had a few family members with very specific requests which were all granted.
So, I can't complain.
The service was great.
Their menu seems it has more items compared to the Sahara location.

I came here on a Friday night with my family.
I called ahead and they said it would be about 35min.
We got there early and got seated on time.
However, they need a better way or space for people waiting for a table.
The ambience was very nice (Californian).
Cozy.
The menu was very diverse with still the staple of Sammy's (pizzas).
Boys got pizza and burger, thumbs up.
Asian salad was okay.
Shrimp and grits good, but have to grab some chorizo and grits for flavor.
Salmon with edamame was horrible.
Their idea of flavor is to layer soy sauce on the bottom of the plate.
No!
Deducted Star.
Service was okay.
Waitress didn't seem to have a good day maybe?
Overall, service just seemed off from the time you come in the restaurant to the end of service.
Deducted star.
I would go back to give it another try.

So we decided to give Sammy's another shot after being invited back by the GM.
SO glad we did!!
The service was much improved this time around, we saw much more of our server, Alex, than we did of our server during our last visit.
We had the dumplings (finally!
) as well as their calamari, both of which were awesome.
We also enjoyed their flourless chocolate cake.
Some of the menu descriptions don't do this delicious food justice.
We were thoroughly impressed not only by the display of exceptional management but also the fantastic server we had who not only made suggestions but also ensured our glasses were never empty and our plates didn't sit for too long.
I hope this was not a fluke and I truly hope that Sammy's is striving to improve their customer service.
As for us, we will certainly be back and recommend to friends in the GV area.
I hope next time around the service and food are just as consistent.
Thank you Sammy's staff for restoring my faith in the customer service industry!

BEST SERVICE AND FOOD EVER!!
Erick has been our food server several times and he is spot on!
Our drinks were never empty and the food was AMAZING!!
The manager (Len) was very attentive to all customers, which is a plus.... shows he cares about his restaurant and the quality of service and food his team is serving..
I highly recommend this Sammy's.. if you're looking for Great customer service and Excellent Food this is the place!

Poor service at the bar.
New York pizza was medicore.
Honey pizza was a big letdown.
It was more of a cracker than it was pizza or bread; a thin crispy cracker with some toppings on it.
And even at happy hour, it was not a particularly cheap tab; speaking of which, we had to wait forever just to get the tab.
I had an empty glass half the entire time I was there.
It's just not a place worth going to at all.

A new Sammy's Restaurant in Henderson, relocated, remodeled and revamped!
The biggest difference is the location, though.
The old Sammy's was hidden away on Sunset Rd, very hard to find.
This new spot on Green Valley Pkwy is much more convenient and visible!
Opening the menu, it looked familiar with the original items, plus a few new additions (or have I just overlooked them?
)   Vietnamese Crab Stack was refreshing, light, and very tasty.
Presented so elegantly, my whole table enjoyed it.
Off the happy hour menu, the Kobe Sliders had rave reviews from my boyfriend & his parents.
I've also enjoyed: Mediterranean Dip Sampler Hummus Oak Roasted Asparagus Lobster Mac & Cheese Wok'd Sesame Shishito Peppers Grilled Shrimp Salad Salted Caramel Pudding  The food overall is pretty darn good.
From their huge salad portions, unique tapas, Brie/truffle oil pizza w/ mushrooms (my favorite Sammy's pizza), or the ginormous Messy Sundae's overflowing goblet, there's many great dishes for every palate and appetite.
Plus I ALWAYS appreciate any establishment that offers and labels vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free options!
For me the best thing about this Sammy's is the interior set-up.
I LOVE their patio area, where you can sit in plushy comfortable couches(with pillows!
) which are part of their booths and look out the surrounding windows.
It makes it airy, spacious, and welcoming.
I can see me eating lunch there frequently if I worked nearby.
The prices are still pretty high, I always thought that.
If ordering tapas, it's a shame if you don't go during happy hour, when selected items are half off.
Service has been a hit or miss here.
It seems the first visits, the staff were still getting used to their new operation, so their timeliness was off.
It's gotten better though, our last dinner with our parents was awesome!
We'll be come back to try their brunch...

Just found out that they don't serve breakfast anymore... ugh.
What a let down!
It was sooo good the first time.
Wish they'd bring it back.

We had always heard that Sammy's food was so good and couldn't wait to try it.
So on Friday night, we placed an order to go.
We ordered a 5 cheese pizza and were completely disappointed.
I should have known that it wasn't going to be good as when I picked up the box, I had to check to see that there was a pizza in there as it was so light.
The pizza tasted like something you'd get at Cici's or a low chain buffet.
Completely disappointed.
We also ordered the Balsamic Grilled Chicken Salad and this was ok.
The chicken was a bit burnt and dry.
We also ordered some Pork Dumplings and they were probably the best thing we ordered.
As for the service, there was some confusion on how to pay for a to-go order when I went to pick it up .
they were nice enough about it, but just seemed like they still haven't gotten the flow of a new restaurant yet.
I looked at the other reviews and just didn't have the same experience as others had.
Maybe it was an off night .
maybe the food doesn't hold up when you take it to go.
Maybe we need to dine in and see what we think before completely writing off this restaurant.
I do know this .
If I want to order Pizza to go, I would much rather get it from Metro Pizza.
Hands down!!

What can I say about Sammy's that hasn't already been said?
The food is terrific!
It's always such a treat to see a whole wheat crust pizza option.
The salad portions are huge.
Seriously, huge.
My only wish for them is that there'd be a smaller/cheaper salad option that I could add on to my meal.
I just love the ambience of this restaurant.
It's modern but comfortable.
Little to no area to hang out, though, while you wait to be seated... That awkward moment when you're standing half inside/half outside unable to close the door as you wait to be greeted by the hostess.
The service was incredible.
They accidentally made my pizza with a regular crust instead of the wheat that I'd ordered.
They quickly brought me the correct pizza despite saying I'd just stick with the wrong one and took it off the bill to make up for my "troubles".
That is seriously the way to retain loyal customers!
Kudos, Sammy's.
Can't wait to go back and try some of the tapas from the half off menu at happy hour!

I won't go here again.
The best part of it is its interior design.
Long waiting time to be served.
Waited 40 minutes for breakfast for two.
Food is so-so, nothing special, eatable but for Vegas/Henderson is not a criteria.
Bathrooms are dirty.
Looks like it was cleaned not later then a week ago.
After addressing this issue to the manager, I was told they were going take care of it.
An hour later when I took my baby to change it was all the same.
Then there was trash and dust next to the bar stand... Now I don't feel comfortable eating there, god knows how dirty is their kitchen.
If the place is dirty on Sunday morning I wouldn't go thee for dinner for sure...

The half priced apps at happy hour are the best.3pm-6pm.
Chicken skewers with Thai peanut sauce-awesome.
Duck tacos-awesome.
Pot stickers rock.
Pizza rocks.
This place has always been a favorite and its close by.
Staff us nice and always use upbeat.
I would strongly recommend.

AMAZING FOOD!!!
I've been going here since before they relocated.
The reason I only have 4 stars is because the service is just mediocre.
But the atmosphere is awesome.
I recommend  the walnut chicken salad.
Hands down best thing on the menu!

Wonderful lunch location.
Open atmosphere (literally the walls open), fast service and delicious food.
I got a pesto chicken wrap with fries and could hardly finish it.

I love this location cause it's so close to my real estate office!
It used to be an Applebee's but they've really expanded and made this place look modern and breezy.
Like all Sammy's, the menu is fantastic and the service is great.
The salads meals by themselves and seriously could feed two people.
The red quinoa salad and the greek salads are among my faves.
Pizza is very good here too.
But save room for dessert!
I feel like my experience isn't complete with out a messy Sunday.

Absolutely love the place!
My husband and I came in last night for Valentine's Day.
When I go to Sammy's I get the same thing every time, Duck Tacos and Lobster Bisque.
But our amazing server, Zach, went over the menu and I mentioned something about the Fish Tacos.
And Zach told me how delicious they were, and WOW he was right!
So we got the Duck tacos and soup as an appetizer and the Fish Tacos, and my husband got the Chicken Tequila Fettuccine.
My Valentine's Day was awesome!
I'm so glad we choose to go to Sammy's.
From the service to the food was above expectation, though the restroom could use some work....

Second time I'vebeen.
The food is so good, it is someplace I just want to make a regular habit.
Our waiter, Zack, was excellent this past week.
Our appetizers came out quickly, and our bbq pizza and grilled shrimp salad a few minutes after the waiter took the appetizer plates.
Great food with friendly and timely service!

I went here 3 days in a row after my first experience because I absolutely loved the location.
The open windows allowed airflow and direct sunlight which made my experience even better.
(I'm all about that direct sunlight and breeze) it reminded me of a restaurant you'd eat off the beach in Hawaii or California.
Definitely try the Mini Kobe Beef Burger with both cheeses and ask for extra Chipotle Aioli sauce on the side for the fries.
Tasted so delicious.

I haven't read any previous reviews as I don't want to be influenced.
We were very excited when we heard Sammy's was coming to the vacated former-Applebee's location 5 minutes from our home.
We went to Happy Hour on Friday.
It was crowded but we still got 2 seats at the bar.
First, the good news:  The Kobe burgers were exceptional, nice touch with the optional Gorgonzola cheese.
We liked the shrimp & artichoke dip, much better than the spinich-artichoke dip we had at the nearby Elephant Bar the night before.
The Thai chicken satays were good with an exceptional peanut sauce.
The house Chardonnay was Grey Cellars, I believe, at the discounted price of $5.50 a glass.
Not bad.
Some of the normal appetizers were half-price.
Again, not bad.
But, as a former bar manager at a high-volume restaurant-bar in Dallas and former restaurant owner, I was shocked by the very poor service at the bar.
This comes from an owner's perspective in that it was so slow and unattentive that a lot of money was left on the table, for the restaurant and the corresponding 20% tip.
The design and layout of the establishment is outstanding.
The south walls were totally open and the seating was very unique in certain areas giving you the feeling of being at somebody's home.
Fantastic!
The design of the bar did not anticipate any high volume.
The lower inner portion of the bar prevents close interaction from the barkeep with the customers.
They have to lean way over in spots to serve customers at the bar.
The width of the bar is not conducive for good assistance from bar-backs.
It is very crowded back there.
The bartenders are responsible for the high number of to-go orders phoned in.
The bartenders should be selling drinks and food while appeasing the clients at the bar, not serving up bags of already-ordered carryout meals.
Subsequently, we would have ordered at least one, probably two more rounds of drinks in the time we were there.
We could not get the attention of the bartender to give us our final tab for over 10 minutes.
Even after requesting the final bill, it took another 10 minutes to get our charge card ran.
Again, putting the "owner cap" on, the customer turnover at the bar would be much faster with better service at the bar.
Thus, the restaurant and the bartenders are losing money.
I know Sammy's owner is damn good.
Overall, his restaurants show that.
BUT, I wish he would have given me a phone call asking my advice on the setup of the bar.
We will come back, but never on a busy night.

I can't say enough good things about this place!
Every time I come, the food is tasty, the ambiance is excellent, and most of all the service is top-notch!!
It's one of the few places that I frequent alone because it is THAT good.
Try the duck tacos and alllll of the pizzas!

Horrible.
Do not go!
Food was horrible.
Service sucked!
Waited 15 min to get seated with the restaurant being empty.
They had three hostess and they were all confused.
Then seated and ordered and when out food came everything was cold.
I don't go to restaurants to get served cold food.
After I told them they did apologize and comp our meal but just disappointing for a family Sunday dinner

I liked mostly everything about this restaurant.
Was a little hesitant about trying it because every restaurant in that same building has not made it.
I LOVED the decor and the fact the huge windows opened up especially on a spring night.
Side note - they actually went against health code violation because they have the open walls/windows so close to food service and the bar without fly fans.
the wait wasn't long at all and the place was packed, only one empty table.
The food was also fast, the fastest of any restaurant I've been to.
Our waiter though was extremely awkward.
He probably didn't know he was and maybe he was new?
But the ipad ordering system may have had him confused because once I placed my order (out of 4 people) he sat there and typed trying to punch in my order for literally 3 minutes!!!
we all just looked at each other like helllooo, are you ever going to say something like "i'm sorry this is taking so long" or "what I can get for you sir".
Nothing, so awkward!!!
And the fact he forgot our wine and the manager had to bring it to us was not really acceptable.
I ordered the chopped chicken salad which was just eh.
I might have been comparing it to balboa's (which is amazing) but that's to each it's own.

Great Happy Hour Friday night - Marcus was really fun and knew his stuff at the bar.

I've been to Sammy's twice, and both times have been amazed at how fabulous the food was...but tonight, our server Zach, made the experience all worth while!
He was very attentive, offered great advice on menu selections, and was quite entertaining at the same time!
I will be sure to request his station when I return, and I look forward to trying new foods again..... Amazing!

I loved this place.
They have great happy hour specials, service is always great and the food and drinks are amazing.
There are several locations and I haven't tried them all but I will definitely be back to this when many times!!
And you must try  their messy Sunday!

Our waiter, Zach, was the best.
We hope we get him next visit.
Love the thin crust pizzas, especially the brie with truffle oil, and the prosciutto with arugula; and also the Vietnamese crab stack.
My husband is gluten free and lactose intolerant and they can make a fabulous pizza for him too!

I have now dined at this Sammy's location 7 times now and each time it gets a little better.
Considering that I live about 3 minutes away, it is very pleasing to have another close by dining option.
I have enjoyed breakfast 3 times and dinner 4 times at this location.
I probably would have given it 5 stars if it had a slightly better selection on the menu...but of course YMMV depending on what you like.
All of my breakfasts there were very good, but a little expensive.
Dinners were also very good and a good value.
I've enjoyed pasta dishes, pizza and dinner salads...and would not hesitate to reorder any of them again.
One thing I do note is that this Sammy's is WAY better than the other Green Valley location that is now closed.
That one had me completely turned off to the place and I planned on never going back.
One other notable thing is that the environment is very appealing here, especially when they open up the sliding glass walls when the weather is nice.

Did I stumble into Summerlin?
Holy cow this place is all kinds of sexy and very modern.
Wayyyyy different then the older Sammy's.
Sammy's got it's groove on.
The wife and I meandered in Wednesday for some happy hour and grub.
The place was humping and I was really impressed by the space.
It had a welcoming, yet cool hip vibe.
They were doing a wine dinner that night so we ate at the bar to avoid a wait.
The service was good and the food was typical Sammy's; good price and great taste!

The walls are windows and they open, so ur in but out awesome.
Brunch on Sat n Sun til 3pm.... Wake up late and still brunch Awesome Food was good n service good but the restaurant  awesome concept

Came here for Mother's Day and it was slam packed.
Staff was very professional and friendly.
We got free Mimosas for the occasion.
Our waitress was awesome.
We ordered the humus which was really good.
My husband had pizza and he really liked it.
I had the French roast and it was the best I have ever had.
The only issue I had was the music was really loud.
We had to ask them to lower the volume a little.
They had a live singer that covered great songs and she had a lovely voice.
Not sure if she sings regularly but we really enjoyed it.
Would totally return.

Nice spot for brunch or dinner.
Open design with a bar in the center.
Front half of the restaurant has glass sliding door walls whic they ope.
When the weather  is nice.
Pretty good service and tasty food.
Love the Sticky Toffee Pudding dessert!

Excellent service, waiter was great.
Nice new clean vibe from place, gaming area in back is recommended.
Had wagyu burger and fries with lobster mac and cheese.
Burger was a bit undercooked so it fell apart, otherwise better than most average burgers.
Friends were above average as well, seasoned with steak seasoning.
Lobster mac and cheese was cooked and seasoned well.
Would recommend this place for a quick tasty lunch with great service and atmosphere.

What a great dining experience tonight and we owe a huge thank you to Jewels!
She didn't rush us, was very personable, and was an amazing waitress.
After eating here 4 different times I have to say I'll come again, BUT make sure Jewels is working!
BTW if her name is Jules sorry for the misspelling in the earlier sentences.

Absolutely fabulous!!
Brought the family in because they have never been here and they loved it!!
Food was amazing as always but Jules, our server, really made the experience.
She Had a great sense of humor and was very attentive.
Ask for her if you go in because she is awesome!

Zach is an excellent server.
Makes sure you get the best deal for your buck and makes sure your drinks are never empty.
Food was great!

What a beautiful location.
We were on our way back from Lake Mead so we stopped by here for a quick bite.
We were seated near the door next to the lovely green outdoor garden.
With the cool breezes flowing around us, we enjoyed looking at the fake but beautiful orchid and green plants, as well as munching on the fish tacos, lobster bisque, chicken lettuce cup and even a few beers!
Even though I thought they were rather salty, I liked them and I would totally come back to try more items!

Really cool place.
I went in right before brunch ended and I ordered the happy hour brunch breakfast tacos.
These were delicious!
Also tried the crispy fries which were equally as yummy.
I will definitely be back for more brunch specials.
Service was also on point.

I came for lunch, and like most places lunch service fails.
The servers couldn't hold plates properly.
Their arms looked as if they were going to wobble off.
They also sucked at clearing tables.
The menu was hot mess!!!
Asian, Mediterranean, Italian,  Mexican,  tapas, pastas, pizzas.
Uhh... yeah.
I couldn't figure out what to order!
It took me forever.
Normally I'd start ordering everything that looks appetizing, but nothing caught my eye.
Maybe because I didnt know where to look.
Also im baffled at how huge the salads were, but then the entrees are so so, and you only get a soup cup of 8oz.
It makes no sense!!!
Like is the salad an entree?
I'm so confused as to what is going on.
The only reason I gave it a two was because it looks really nice inside.

Ask for Zack!
He takes care if business and makes you feel at home without kissing your ass.
Happy hour here is a must.
Half off appetizers, cheap drinks.
I'm coming back!

The food is a combination of contemporary American, international inspired dishes and pizza.
I really love the decor of this place.
It's modern yet comfy and I love the second time I went when there was live music playing and they opened up the modern glass walls to let the beautiful weather in (mind you, it was spring).
Service both times was great, and had friendly staff.
They also offer gluten free and vegetarian options and a good sized wine list.
They are also open 24 hours for gaming.
Chicken lettuce cups $10.50- I definitely recommend these!
Soo delicious, some of the best lettuce cups I've had.
The black bean hoisin sauce is really good.
Chicken tequila fettucine $16.50- big portion, flavorful and tangy, made with spinach fettucine   Oak roasted chicken breasts $16.50- light but you could really taste the oak in the chicken breasts.
Basil pesto and pine nuts give it a nice touch.
Spicy Thai Grilled Chicken Salad $12- huge salad, very typical Thai flavor with julienned veggies   5 Cheese Woodfired Pizza + pineapple & pepperoni $11.75 (+ toppings) - large, definitely sharable for two people, thin crust.
I like that they had pineapple rings instead of just little pieces  Messy Sundae $10- Ack!!
This is absolutely horrible lol, all for looks, not good at all!
I'm not exaggerating when I say that I think they squeezed half a bottle of Hershey's syrup in a wine glass and put one baby scoop of vanilla ice cream hiding inside.
It was bad.
And just topped it with a ridiculous amount of whipped cream.
Flourless chocolate cake $10- This on the other hand was nothing short of amazing lol comes with coconut sorbet and raspberry sauce.
Seriously tastes like eating a box of raspberry truffles.
Yum!
I will definitely be back soon!!!

It's close to me.
So there's that.
And it doesn't stop there.
Fortunately, the pizzas are quite tasty as well.
The Four Cheese Pesto is my favorite so far, but it's quite difficult to go wrong with any of them.
Oh, and did I mention it's here in Green Valley?
Fortunately, we now have more decent dining options in the area.

The food and service were good.
Love the atmosphere!
The outside sign has you thinking this is just like a bar food type of place with gaming but when you walk in you will be pleasantly surprised with the decor and service.
Very nice menu options, a little pricey for lunch though.

I'm hooked.
Occasionally the service is less than stellar, and people tend to bring young, loud kids here later than the usual "young, loud kids" hours for family restaurants.
But the food is both sensational and out-of-the-ordinary.
I've been four times, and each time I order two items off the appetizer menu, which is both extensive and diverse.
"The Hot Rock" (spoiler alert!
) was a huge surprise, as it's actually a stone heated to an extreme temp and served with raw beef strips that you cut up and heat on the rock itself.
It was an amusing novelty, and it turned out to be really enjoyable, too!
Also enjoyed the crab-and-artichoke dip (even the pita bread is fantastic) and an amazing hot fudge and caramel sundae we got for free because we celebrating a birthday.
Can't rave about the Kobe chili or the chinese chicken salad, but I think it was just a matter of personal taste.
I'd certainly recommend going after 8 on a weeknight or even later on the weekend, but overall Sammy's serves some wonderful dishes and definitely offers something DIFFERENT from the usual fare.

Tonight I had the grilled mahi tacos - yum!!!
Delicious, grilled perfect and the chipotle sauce was way good!!!
We come here often and the lobster bisque is another favorite along with the grilled veggie salad and duck tacos.
I also like the chicken lettuce wraps!

Just got back.
I had the grilled vegetable salad.
It was small and didn't have enough dressing.
The waitress didn't come back to see how everything was till we were done.
My friend had the grilled chicken.
Nothing special.
Kind if foo foo food.
Not a big fan.
Food was fair, service poor.
Wont go back.

Went with a couple ladies from the office for lunch..... we decided to order a few appetizers and just share everything!
We ordered the edamame with toasted sesame seeds, truffle fries sprinkled with romano cheese, crispy coconut shrimp skewers served with an orange-horseradish sauce, hummus with grilled herb flatbread, and a margherita wood fired pizza.
Everything was great!
I   Really enjoyed the sauce that was served with the coconut shrimp!
Loved the way they grilled the herb flatbread that came with the hummus!
And of course- the pizza was delicious also!
Sammy's is a great choice!

This place is great!
They have best margarita pizza I've ever had.
The prices are too high and they have a different atmosphere from most restaurants.
I would recommend them for groups as well.
Happy hour stops at 6 for cheaper food prices so don't come at 7 like I did.

I love this place.
Sammy is very consistent with their food.
We love coming here with my family.
We have been here numerous times.
I have had my team meetings here, been here with my friends, mostly with my family.
We truly enjoy the happy hour too.
We love the sliders, the fries and especially the shrimp and crab dip!
Oh and don't forget the Super Sunday!
Just absolutely fantastic and delicious every time!!

