d my friends just had dinner here...  food was awesome and large portions...  u need to stop by u wont be disappointed.
...

A lot of potential, everything here is made from scratch, and the owner is receptive to criticism.
We had pulled pork, bbq chicken, fries and corn bread.
For dessert, we had bread pudding and apple pie.
The ambiance is great, they've really put a lot of effort into the feel of the place.
It used to be a new day cafe and it's completely different.
The pulled pork came on a plate of fresh slaw, which I'm not a huge fan of slaw but it didn't bug me like it normally would.
The pork was smoky and moist, tender.
The chicken was a little charred, some people like that, my wife doesn't at all, and I just think it's ok.
The chicken was very moist, very tender, obviously had a good marinade, but I thought it was a bit overly salty which I suggested could be helped by a little wash after the marinade.
The cornbread muffins were good, not too dry and had real corn in them.
Personally I'd have liked to see a little dollop of apple butter or honey butter.
The bread budding was fresh.
Literally just out of the oven, with little crisp parts and a good custard-like texture.
Fresh cinnamon really stood out.
Unfortunately, with no fruit and no bourbon vanilla sauce, it just couldn't stand on its own, it needs "something"  The apple pie however was amazing, tasted just like my wife's apple pie, tender flakey crust, soft but still individual apple slices.
Delicious!
The fact that everything is homemade means they can adjust and change, I look forward to seeing what turns up my next visit

Awesome cubano sandwich.
Great decor and feeling.
Its a mim and pop place.. Definately going back.. Its a must..

Food was delicious and obviously prepared fresh.
We ordered the three of a kind with 3 different meats and 3 different sides, it was a perfect amount of food for a pregnant woman, an 11 year old boy, and a father who thinks he is pregnant.
The environment seemed very pleasant and family run.
They asked if there was anything they could do to make the experience better and seemed to really care about their product and customers.
The only thing I would suggest is to add some more veggie options on the menu like fried okra, sweet potatoes, and/or greens that go along with the BBQ theme.

"You got it, dude!
" - Michelle Tanner  That was my first thought when I saw this new business pop up on my Yelp app.
But, rather than naming a BBQ joint after a 90's family sitcom, this business was actually referencing the hand of cards in the game of Poker, which is synonymous with Las Vegas.
Opened just a few weeks ago, I came in for some lunch.
Located off of Silverado Ranch and Maryland, this place is located in the same shopping center that houses Sushi Mon, Shabu Grill, Tokyo discount, and the Smiths.
I remember that the previous business' used to be breakfast joints, House of J cafe and the original New Day Cafe.
Walking in, they changed the decor completely giving it a Western/South Western influence.
I noticed the saddle when walking in, which was pretty cool.
After approaching the front of the counter, I looked over the menu and ordered the 1 meat, and 1 side for 16.99.
I sat down and waited for about 5-10 minutes for the food to come out, which wasn't too long of a wait.
: Cornbread - It comes with all the combos.
I actually prefer cornbread cold rather than warm, so I really enjoyed the one they made here.
It was light, and had chunks of corn kernels in the bread.
The portion size was very good.
It came with a softened butter, which was smart to do.
This was my favorite part of the meal.
: St Louis Pork Spareribs - Served as a half-rack for the combo.
Ordered the spicy bbq sauce on the side as what was recommended by the owner.
The portion size again was very good.
I liked the bbq sauce and the dry rub they used.
Unfortunately, the ribs did have sort of an off taste to them.
Plus, they weren't as tender as I would have liked.
: Coleslaw - Pretty much a coleslaw.
Wasn't soaked to death like how so many other places do it, so I liked it.
Well, what can I say?
As far my BBQ experience in Vegas is concerned, I would probably put this place somewhere in the middle of the pack.
Quality wise, it would be below Rollin' Smoke and Top Notch, but above Famous Dave's and MCB.
Price wise, I think it is overpriced.
I took a picture of the menu so you'll know what I mean.
I'll be sticking to the AYCE at Rollin' Smoke, the best bang for your buck for BBQ in Vegas.
I'll conclude with another Full House quote that has nothing to do with this review  "Have mercy.
" - Uncle Jesse

Being a restaurant owner myself, I am always one to support anyone willing to make the leap into this crazy industry.
Since it was right down the street from my house, I thought I would give Full House a try.
Well...
I also happen love BBQ.
Went in to order a little lunch to go and was pleasantly surprised with the look of the place.
Clean, nicely decked out, with some cool murals on the wall.
The owners made the effect to create a nice ambiance for the guests.
Without really looking at the prices (my bad), I ordered the St Louis rib combo with beans and cornbread, comes with a drink as well.
I got the sweet n tangy sauce.
Had to wait a short time while it was prepared, no biggy as I know it's going to be fresh.
The owner brought it out shortly there after and I went to pay.
Here is where it goes south...$17 for a half rack, side, cornbread n drink...for lunch?
Sticker shock!!
Now...I must say when I got home and tasted the food, I was somewhat relieved.
The ribs rocked, nicely smoked and not to much sauce overkill.
The beans were meaty, with chunks of shredded pork and jalapeños, and the cornbread quite tasty.
Unfortunately, I still can't get over their pricing and thus the 3 Star rating.
Hey..if ya got bank, by all means check em out, you won't be disappointed by the food.
But for me...just can't justify a repeat!!

Good bbq I'll definitively go back.
good service and friendly, the food was good and satisfying.

Finally, A very good Filipino restaurant at the Silverado Ranch area!
A must try!
I will come back again to try other dishes!
Great job Chef Alex!!

Under new management.
They now offer fabulous comfort foods from the Philippines, Taho, Palabok , Goto, Fish ball,Mami, Siopao and a lot more.
I was greeted by Era the lady of the house she was so hospitable I felt that I was transported in my relatives house.
She even gave me extra soup for my mami which I had to take home because the siopao was enormous .It reminded me of Ma Mon luk when I was still in school and even maybe Charlie's noodle house in Claro my Recto.
If it's true that Pilipino food is the next big thing this is the place to eat and even send your American friends it's clean , has great service and best of all excellent price.
I even got to meet the Chef he was a Chef in one of the 5 star hotels on the strip.Very gracious and humble.
Next time I want good cooking and great hospitality this will be my first choice.
I wanted to keep it a secret but nice treasures like this should be shared.
ENJOY !!!!!!

