You cannot miss them!
They are located next to Putters and there is a GIANT, BUFF BALLOON MAN on the roof of their building.
I came in wanting to know more about losing weight and gaining lean muscle mass.
I soon found out that they are certified nutritionists and we then cracked into my dietary habits.
It was soon confirmed that although I was eating pretty healthy, in order to make changes that can be seen on my body, I needed to eat CLEAN.
Dan created a personalized meal plan for me and Ivan also steered me towards the direction of a personalized supplement kit fit for me!
They are definitely a great nutrition shop with a good variety of supplements.
I have seen many different types of proteins, vitamins, creatine, etc...
They also sell 6-pack lunch boxes at this location.
It has been three weeks and I have lost about 6-8lbs..
It fluctuates, but I know that it is definitely a loss.
Eating clean and exercising is definitely hand in hand.
So thank you both for steering me in the right direction and I always recommend them if you want to know more about a healthier lifestyle.
Tip: If you are an LVAC member then you receive 25% off!

I cannot say enough about the customer service here.
Ivan helped me and was really well knowledge.
He asked me about my goals and what I take now for supplements.
And kept asking questions to get a feel for what I was looking for.
He gave me a bunch of options and was really making sure it was what I needed for my goals.
Wasn't pushy at all about buying certain things.
If you didn't like something he would give you other options.
They have a great selection at reasonable prices.
Definitely worth stopping by and I will definitely being going back.

Super helpful and they let you sample almost everything!
Ivan was very informative and helpful!

Just moved here from LA and wanted to find a really good nutrition store for my supplement needs.
And I have to say Ivan greets you when you walk in and makes you feel welcomed.
When I walked in I noticed there were brands that I've never seen before and I've practically tried every brand that's out there and with Ivans help he helped me choose the right supplements and it leads me to say that the supplements that he recommended me works great!
If he introduces you to AXIOM pre workout, GET IT!
OMG!

Amazing!!!!
These guys are professional, knowledgeable and vey attentive!
Whatever the question one might have, they have the nutritional answer.
So glad I came across Total Nutrition!

Went here after our gym had a guy from "another" place and didn't have a correct address for us to shop at- good thing tho... We bought many many items and were so pleased a for sure repeat customer!!
Both the owner and sales man were beyond excellent and had great knowledge in allllll areas I asked about.
Mine and my husbands exercise and nutritional needs are extremely different  and I was guided to everything I needed and even sales to save me some money.
Yes Walmart and ect can sell you "workout or protein items" but when you compare side by side nutritional and vitamin facts the items sold here are a thousand fold times better!!!
Thank you for all the time you spent with us and all the great info!

Owner here is awesome!
I came in 9 months pregnant and full of questions about refrigerated probiotics and protein powders.
He took time explaining ingredients and comparing products online.
He never pressured me even when after everything I ended up taking a picture of the ingredient list to double check with my doctor before purchasing products.
Owner matched the online price for Quest bars!
Location is right next to Putters just south of the Arroyo Crossing shopping center on S. Rainbow.
I will be back to support this business!

I went to total nutrition the other  day to check them out after my work out .
Only one employee in the store and he spent 10 minutes talking to another customer  and ignoring me .
I asked him the price of something and he said he will said he will get to me in a minute.
Five minutes later he still talking to other guy about sports and never helps me.
While leaving he says God bless you have a good day goodbye all in a very sarcastic manner.
I wait 15 minutes for some guy  to sarcastically ridicule me as I walk out the door because  I don't want to wait any longer for him.
Not very good customer service at all nothing in the entire store is Price I do not trusters where nothing is priced .
I'm from California a lot of stores do that out there that way they can push  their home brands on you and tell you how bad the national brands are.
I definitely do not recommend it.

