Came here on a recommendation from a co-worker and since we are always on the hunt for a good hole in the wall we gave it a go.
First let me warn ya...this restaurant is in a not so good area and gave me the creeps even in plain daylight.
Anyways, I ordered the chilaquiles which come with 2 eggs any style and beans.
They come in red or green sauce.
The red sauce was supposedly mild and the green sauce was hot so I went with the red.
One bite and quickly realized they were simply awful and still too spicy, so then tried the eggs which I ordered over easy, and got rubber instead, so I quickly moved on and tried the beans and they were okay except they used the most smelliest cheese topper which made them uneatable.
(this quickly felt like the story of Goldilocks and the three bears) Luckily my husband ordered birria de chivo (goat) which was some of the best I have had in Vegas, and best of all he was willing to share.
It also came with plenty of fresh made corn tortillas.
Not sure I'd come back even for the birria since the location is just simply not the safest looking place.
Also don't expect friendly service.
.I am sure we can find better.

Ever since Birrieria Jalisco in the Commerce Center closed its doors a few years back, I've been searching for a spot that serves up a good Birria.
A co-worker tipped me off about a little spot on the corner of Owens and Lamb that serves up some tasty goat, and when he made the motions and explained that fresh tortillas are served as well, I knew I had to check it out.
Anyone who knows me, knows that distance and location is not a concern to me, as long as there is good food to seek out, I'm there.
Antojitos Estillo Michoacán Serves up Birria de Chivo(Goat) which is a specialty , and also Birria de Res(Beef).
You may also choose to have your Birria dry, like a stew, or in a nice flavorful broth, and if you order the goat version, you can have it with just goat meat, or mixed with goat meat and other tasty goat parts....:9   Chips, salsa, and a bean dip are given to you as you are seated...Chips were meh, but the tasty salsa and bean dip kinda made up for it                                                    Of course, I went with traditional, and went all-in and got it mixed as well.
Wifey wanted to try their Chilaquiles which was pretty disappointing(read her review), just as bad as the Chilaquiles at DW Bistro.
The Birra was very tasty, the goat meat and other parts were soft and tender, the onions, lime, and salsas added to this dish, and add fresh tortillas to that?
Simply a dish that I'd order again.
Hopefully we're brave enough to drive out here when another craving hits, or find a safer looking location that serves up this tasty delicacy....ALOHA!!!

My hubby being from Michoacan Mex.
wanted to have authentic Michoacano food.
When we arrived to the restaurant the location seemed a little sketchy.
Surprisingly when we were inside we were a little relieved to find it a nice clean place.
The waitress that greeted us was very inviting.
They served salsa and refried beans and freshly made tortilla chips as an appetizer while you wait for your order.
We asked for refills on the dips and chips because they were deelish!!
The salsa was particularly my favorite so much that I ordered a container to go.
I ordered the enchiladas with the carne cecina (its like beef jerky but more delicious) which I enjoyed every bite of.
Hubby ordered the morisqueta (rice with pork meat in a chile sauce).
And together we ordered a side of chicken tacos dorados (fried chicken tacos).
We shared everything we ordered.
I personally enjoyed the entire meal but my husband who really knows what food from Michoacan should taste like thought it was a little too bland for what he is used to & does not care to return to this place except for an order of cecina meat, the only thing he enjoyed.
I, on the other hand often find my self craving the enchiladas and the free salsa & bean dips and chips.

