FIRST!!!
Ok I have had HDOAS 3 times in my life and each of those times were ehhhh.
Until I had it recently from this place.
Service was fast, friendly and great.
I had the Cheese on a stick and some fries and they even asked how crispy before I could request that!
AWESOME!!!!!
This place is great!!!

Take your favorite Hot Dog On A Stick, and remove the following:  - Rude teenage mallrats, especially the ones who sag skinny jeans (one way or the other, NOT BOTH) - Survey takers.
- Muzak.
- Drunk mall Santas (observation valid Nov-Dec only.
Void where prohibited.
) - Hipsters going in and out of Urban Outfitters.
- Mall cops with an exaggerated sense of self-importance.
- The temptation of Foot Locker and Champs (sneakerheads, you know what I mean) - The temptation of GameStop (gamers, you know what I mean) - The temptation of CinnaBon (humans, you know what I mean)  And retain the following: - Hot dogs on sticks.
- Lemonade - The doofy hat.
That alone warrants 4 stars.
Warning: they didn't drop the mall prices, though, so have some coupons handy.

Who hasn't had Hot Dog On A Stick!?!?
They seemed to be in EVERY shopping  mall across the U.S.!!!
They taste better than the one you get at the fair IMO....
I love the fact that they are made to order, and the simplest way I like to enjoy a Hot Dog On A Stick is a little mustard...:9  Service is great here, suggestions are offered if you can't decide what to get, and spin the wheel for any purchase over $10 to win a prize (every spin is a winner!
)  Their lemonade is a perfect complement as well, and you can get it straight up, or with a flavor pump, transform it to Cherry, Blue Raspberry, Orange, or Limeade.
Hot Dog On A Stick has enough of a cult following that  there are multiple free sanding locations around town....
There's a drive thru at this location if you don't feel like dining in...  Get the souvenir cup for $2 refills at any location....Gotta love those funky uniforms too, but why don't the guys have to wear the funky hats???
ALOHA!!!

Officially hooked.
Again.
Been going religiously like every week now to this stand alone location.
What a convenient godsend!
Okay maybe godsend is pushin' it.
Demigod send then.
There's something nostalgic about this place.
just reminds me of being a kid again..
Minus having to walk into a mall.
With a drive thru to boot!
Now I've managed to get my coworker hooked (again) as well and drag him down with me.
What's there not to love?
Freshly dipped corndogs, clean set-up, VEGGIE corndogs(!
), wack retro throwback uniforms, lemonade freshly made every couple hours (according to them) and its a co-op!
All definite brownie points in my opinion!
Got my souvenir cup at the ready 24/7 you already know.

SO HAPPY that this gift from god is now even closer to my house than the Galleria location!!
My first and only visit (so far) was through the drive-thru.
The staff was super friendly and I didn't wait too long for my order.
Their hotdogs are on point!!
I will definitely be returning.

GREAT FOR THE YOUNG AND OLD AT HEART  It's been many years since I had last held America's premier deep fried corn dog.
Between us we ordered three Beef Sticks, 1 souvenir sized old fashion lemonade with refills for just $2 plus a Tuesday only special just $1 a sweet Funnel with two toppings (Raspberry & Chocolate).
Munching on those sizzling and steamy sweet cornmeal covered hot dogs brings back all those wonderful nostalgic memories of state fairs and carnivals.
There's more than just a beef hot dogs on a stick.
How about turkey or cheese sticks too.
How about this, Hendertucky has two locations.
The other one can be found at the Galleria Mall's Food Court.

Friendly Service!
Freshly Squeezed Lemonade, Perfect Hot Dogs on a Stick!!!
They even have Chicken Tenders, CHILI CHEESE FRIES (BOMB.COM) and BREAKFAST SAUSAGE ON A STICK!!!
(Served all day) it goes well with pancake syrup too mmm yummy!
You can't find the Sausage on a stick and the chili cheese fries at mall locations only at the Drive Thrus!
I love to come here during their LUNCH SPECIAL!!!
MONDAY TO FRIDAY from 11am to 3pm any stick item, fries, and a regular size lemonade starting at ONLY $5.99!!!
WHAT A GREAT DEAL!!!
Ask for a punch card too!
Monday and Wednesdays are DOUBLE STAMP days and once you reach up to 13 stamps you are eligible to get a free regular item!!!
Every Thursdays are TWITTER THURSDAYS so follow @hotdogonastick1 to see what awesome deals you can get on THURSDAY!
The DRIVE THRU is GREAT it's so convenient that I don't have to go to a mall to get my HDOS CRAVING!
Then next time I pass by i'll make sure to spot by and get a refreshing ORANGE or BLUE RASPBERRY LEMONADE my FAVORITE =)!!!!

I am not huge on writing reviews about chains.
I mean, its Hot Dog on a Stick, you pretty much know what to expect.
But this particular location tops them all, and I think they deserve a fair review telling people they are not just the average.
For one, I was stoked to find out I can now go to a drive thru to get my favorite corn dog and lemonade.
WOOOHOO!!!!
But they also stepped the game up, offering chicken fingers, funnel cake, and orange and blue lemonade.
I personally have only seen the cherry, lime, or light versions.
Also, the service is the best customer service in Vegas, period.
Often, when you dine at fast food chains, employees aren't happy, or they don't care.
Well here, one at least 3 occasions, we were treated with spectacular service and smiles.
One time, in the drive through, they gave us each a sample of chicken fingers.
This most recent time, we came in right when they opened so we had to wait about 5-7 minutes for the batter to be fully done.
So they gave us some free funnel cake sticks for the inconvenience.
(Which there really wasn't one) I love the fact that they welcome you.
I love that they offer beef, turkey, cheese, or veggie dogs.
I love the lime lemonade.
I just love this place and if I am ever craving a deep fried dog- I know right where to go!

