Just opened at Park Central Mall in Central Phoenix.... BEST pizza I ever had!
...Highly, highly recommend!
I recommend their Chicken Pesto Pizza....Amazing!
Love the crispy crust!

A co-worker told my wife about the new pizza place at Park Central and I knew we had to go.
We went in at 6 PM and were the only customers, although a few people trickled in after us.
Park Central is vacant after 5PM, so that wasn't surprising.
There was another Italian place here years ago, but I can't recall the name offhand.
The first thing that catches your eye is the pizza oven, with a raging fire inside.
The pizza is about 12" in diameter, just right for one hungry person.
The ingredients are all in front of you, much like the counter at Subway, and they build your pizza as you watch (or salad, which my wife had).
You can create your own pizza from a variety of sauces and cheeses, and an assortment of meats and veggies, or, order off their menu.
I ordered off the menu and had the meaty Italian.
Sauce, cheese, toppings, and a minute or two later it's in the oven.
My wife ordered the Southwest Chicken Salad, but began customizing as it was assembled, "no, leave off the onions and peppers.
Can I have balsamic instead of the southwest dressing?
"  We sat down and they brought my pizza out a few minutes later.
It was piping hot, with just the right amount of char on the bottom of the very thin crust.
The sauce, cheese, and toppings were all great and worked well together.
I finished it quickly!
My wife enjoyed her salad, but wasn't very hungry after a big lunch, so she took most of it home and is going to have it for lunch today.
They are not yet serving beer and wine, which was the only disappointment on our visit, but they told us the City permits are taking longer than expected.
I'll be back for vino.
Pino's on Thomas is within slingshot distance of Fired Pie.
They've been serving great pizza for a long time, so it takes balls to open another pizza place this close to Pino's.
They can definitely give Pino's a run for its money!
Salads and pizzas are both priced at $7.75.

Excellent food, very accommodating, great family place.
Barbecue pizza is the best I have ever had.
The sweet balsamic salad dressing was to die for.
I would highly recommend this place.

Pick one of their creations or invent your own custom 11 inch pie!
This place is new in town.
Great little concept (think Subway, but pizza and salad) in the Park Central Mall in Phoenix.
Not a big sign out front but near Starbucks and The Good Egg.
Close to home so stopped in last night for take-out.
It doesn't take long for the pizza to cook (thin, crispy crust).
My pesto chicken pizza was excellent.
Hubs steak and blue pizza rocked as well.
We shared a steak and blue salad with balsamic dressing and it was also very good.
Good portion of romaine, thin sliced steak, mushrooms, onions, peppers and Gorgonzola.
You can add anything else you want as well.
Glad this place is near when I need salad or personal pizzas.

Great little place in Park Central.
made to order personal pizzas and salads, all for $7.95.
Salads are huge, pizzas are made quickly in wood fired oven.
We were there on a quiet Labor Day, but on a workday it would be awesome for a quick lunch.
Food was great - loved the steak and blue salad.
I have to try  one of their specialized pizzas next time - pesto chicken or Hawaiian barbecue.
Oh, you have to try the Pookie - a warm chocolate chip cookie in a little pie pan with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream for only $3.00.

Surprisingly good.
I thought with the fast, design your own pizza strategy, the product would suffer, but I was definitely wrong.
You get to pick out your own toppings and sauce, and the pizza is cooked very quickly.
Price is very reasonable, and the quality is very good.
This location is a bit hard to find, but I definitely suggest stopping by and giving Fired Pie a try.
It's affordable, fast, and yummy.
Next visit I want to try a salad in addition to a new pizza combination.

Live across the street.
Love the pizza and ability to customize.
People were so nice.
Meatball, pesto, tomato sauce, and pepperoni.

Have gone a few more times now.
I am so hooked on the Pesto Chicken Pizza!
I always add on add'l toppings which is surprisingly NO extra cost!
Most pizza places would charge you for each add'l topping...NOT here!
So I usually add on artichoke hearts, feta cheese, roasted peppers, spinach & garlic!
How can you beat that!
I usually go after the big lunch rush, usually like 4 pm, otherwise expect to wait in line at the peak of the lunch rush during the week, but the line does go pretty fast.
I like that they are even open til 8 pm, M-F, and even til 4 pm Sat & Sun!....
In a way, it's kind of their advantage to stay open later like that, as people get off work in the nearby area & they can swing in their to get a pizza or salad!
On the counter, they have parm cheese, & red pepper flakes to sprinkle on your pizza, but they also have garlic powder, & Italian Seasonings, too!
Before this place opened, I would usually go to the nearby Z-Pizza on Thomas, but no more!

Went to see a car show nearby and noticed this joint was within walking distance.
It had a sort of Smashburger-esque look to it on the inside; sleek yet welcoming.
The staff were very friendly and had great positive attitudes.
I ordered their Italian pizza and subbed mixed peppers in for sausage (there are no limits on toppings or substitutions).
I was pleasantly surprised when I tasted the pizza.
It was excellent.
I would absolutely recommend this joint and plan to return again if I am in the area.

Better ingredients.
Better pizza.
Not PJ's.
But seriously, for the price you can't go wrong.
Under $10 gets you a personal pizza or a big salad with fresh ingredients from all across the pizza spectrum; NO additional cost!
Great atmosphere and friendly service; a shiny new gem in Historic Park Central!

Closes at 8pm not 9pm..
Walked a mile to be disappointed.

Awesome ,it is so nice to get just what you want on your pizza.

I was pleasantly surprised!!!
I am really glad I discovered this place and that it's so close to work.
I ordered two pizzas...one which I invented myself and the other for my friend/co-worker...the steak and blue.
We devoured those things...except for the two slices we offered our boss.
We all agreed...those pizzas were awesome.
In fact, my boss picked up two pizzas at the Agua Fria location on the way home that evening!!!
And you can't beat the price!!!
Definitely a keeper for my weekday lunch choice.

This place was a welcome surprise.
It's tucked away and not easy to see from the road, but it's worth the bit of a scavenger hunt.
The staff greeted us warmly the second we walked in and helped us place our order and held our dessert order until we were ready.
I had the Pesto Chicken pizza and he had the Meaty Italian.
Each was ~$8 each and could easily have been shared with a side salad instead of ordering two pizzas.
Pizzas here are all made with 11" crusts.
The fire grill flavor was great!
The pizza crust was thin and crispy, but not crunchy or cardboard like at all.
The pesto sauce was excellent and the meat pizza was exactly what you would expect it to be and they were happy to put pepperoni on only one side since I don't love pepperoni and wanted to try his pizza.
We finished it off with the Pookie (pizza cookie - if you've been to BJ's think Pzookie) which had a full side scoop of ice cream for just $3.
Delish and cooked only when we asked for it so the cookie part was nice and hot to melt the ice cream.
Overall: A We will definitely be back.

I LOVE this place.
I am a vegan and it's very hard to find a restaurant.
I emailed them from their website, asking if the crust was vegan and they responded with "YES".
So I tried them.
Good selections, good wine and delicious!

This place is great.
I really enjoyed my pizza and salad.
If you are coming during lunch be prepared to wait a little.
They employees move you in and out as fast as possible but most people there are ordering for multiple people (office buildings and such).
The ONE down fall I have with this place is they put waaaaaaaay too much dressing on their salads.
I've learned to ask for it on the side but on occasion they forget and toss it for me.
Not a deal breaker but still a little frustrating at times.
The pizza is amazing and the prices are too.

This pizza joint has the best concept going!
It is basically just like a Subway.
They have a menu with pizzas or salads that are ready to be prepared once you say go or you can have it made to your liking.
They offer a traditional crust along with a gluten-free & vegan crust.
They have several types  sauces, cheeses (not sure about soy cheese), meats, veggies and a couple fresh spices to choose from.
Once you have selected everything you want they bake it in no time at all.
I am not a lemonade drinker but Fired Pie has some really good lemonade along with brewed tea and fountain drinks.
My last visit they where getting ready to sell beer and wine so that should be available now.

Ordered Steak and Blue salad--definitely not impressed and don't recommend.
Tasteless with ground up steak bits, barely recognizable as meat.

For the price, this place is awesome!
I work nearby.
After hearing all my co-workers raving about this place, I gave it a try.
For $7.75 + tax you can get *ANY* pizza.
You can buy one of their pre-made pizzas, or create your own.
No extra charges for ANYTHING.
They really mean it when they say create your pizza.
Sauces include tomato, bbq, pesto, alfredo and more.
On my last pizza, I asked for mozerella AND fresh mozerella.
I asked for the oil and garlic over the cheese (before the toppings).
The meat went on next (pepperoni, bacon, sausage) following by the vegies (roast peppers, fresh red onion, roast mushrooms, pepperoncini, heavy garlic).
When the pizza came out of the oven, the chopped basil went on.
I asked for a side of sauce to go with it.
The guy suggested ranch, but I went for tomato sauce.
The crust was crisp but soft.
The topping were fresh and tasty.
VERY fast and very reasonable pricing.

I tried Fired Pie tonight for the first time.
After standing in line and agonizing over how I was going to customize my pizza (soooo many choices), I saw that they have house pizzas.
The Steak and Blue pizza intrigued me, so ordered it.
The dough was brushed with oil and then it was topped with garlic, mozzarella, gorgonzola, sliced steak, mushrooms and roasted peppers and onions  I asked for artichoke hearts, additionally.
About 8 minutes later my masterpiece was baked to perfection!
This was the best pizza,  although certainly the most non-conformist, that I have eaten in ages!
I would return for this pizza, though I'm fantasizing about the combinations I can create, all for $7.75 each!

Pleasing pizza prepared promptly.
For about $8, you get a thin-crust pizza in that 11" size that's either enough for two people with small appetites (or with side salads) or just a bit into the gluttony range for one person.
The ingredients are beyond the usual pizza selection, though they haven't yet gone so far as to revive the sadly mourned Piezano's apple-walnut-honey pizza.
There is, however, a steak with bleu cheese pizza that I'm probably going to try next time.
As a neighborhood pizza joint with a pleasant -- if slightly post-apocalyptic -- atmosphere and a wine/beer license, Fired Pie does fine.
In mood, it's an exact match with the "oops, we dropped some condos here, guess we're a city now" feel of CenPho, so other than the trot across the parking lot, you may never notice that you've left your kitchen.
There's also a Starbucks along the mall if you want an after-dinner cup of coffee and a cake pop.

Place is pretty awesome.
It's a very unique way to sell pizza.
Everything is well priced, and the service is fast.
Service is average, nice girls but not all that friendly or welcoming.
Food quality definitely makes up for it though!
The decor is pretty cool as well.

This is my new favorite pizza place!
They have a lot of competition in the area and might be in a somewhat hidden location, but apparently the word is out because they are always packed!
Don't let long lines fool you as they are very fast at making your favorite pizza or salad.
The pizza is delicious - fresh as it comes with the perfect crust.
The price is not that bad either, especially for the amount of food you get.
Pizzas are decent sized and are just under $8.
Plus they have a great selection of China Mist iced teas...my favorite!
Salads are also fantastic.
I want one opened by my house now...although that could be trouble.
The staff has never been anything but great to me so I'm not sure what the bad reviews are about.

Well, I came to this place for lunch since I was attending training in this center.
I think they have a good thing going on with this concept.
I love the pizza because I can choose whatever ingredients I like.
Service is friendly and well paced.
They get rush hour like at noon and they get huge lines all the way to the door, however, no worries, they are very fast and you will get your pizza in no time.
My pizza was a little burnt at a couple of spots on top, but nothing major.
Overall really good.
Oh, and I love the teas, they black, green and jasmine, passion fruit, and a watermelon option, they are so yummy you don't even need to put sugar on them.

Went with a friend who lives in CenPho.
It's more or less a Chipotle version of a pizzeria.
You choose your ingredients and they make your pizza from them.
Very nice concept and hard to go wrong when you can see and choose what you want.
The service is good and the pizza crust as well.
We took an Italian salad as an entree and it was apparently a one person portion but easily fed two.
I would have honestly never had gone had she not heard about it and hopefully when it's a little more lively and more recognized it can get a bit more street cred and busier (I'm one who favors a good lively restaurant atmosphere as long as you can talk to each other.

Tried it on the count that it seems to be the latest rave.
Hardly anyone is in here probably because it's 3pm.
I guess this is lunner, y'know the period between lunch and dinner.
What can I say I didn't roll out of bed until an hour ago      At any rate, it's a quick ordering system once you get the gist of the on-demand-counter-ingredients selection process between pizza and salad.
I decided to go with the Hawaiian BBQ pizza since this is a trial basis and I didn't want to ''Emeril' my pizza by 'bamming' just any ingredients on it.
I got my drink, sat down and a few minutes later the pizza arrived.
The first bite was tasty with the BBQ sauce somewhat overpowering everything else.
The tartness of the pineapple and the bacon's savoriness followed through but a bit understated though.
The crust was good while it's still warm but as it got cold it sort of became like toasted saltine crackers in taste and texture.
A thicker crust would probably have made a difference but it's not my concept.
Overall, it's a good experience and worth coming back.

This is in the same complex as Starbucks and Jamba Juice and is a little hard to find at first.
The location is a little strange but as more businesses move in, I'm sure the atmosphere will perk up.
Great portions for the price-- $7.75 for any salad or pizza ($2 extra for gluten free crust).
The regular crust was the best I remember having locally, and the pizza was baked off in no time.
I shared a blue cheese and steak pizza as well as the Italian salad.
The salad was underwhelming (although huge) and the pizza delicious.
I recommend splitting... One pizza is fairly large!
I would definitely return.

Wow, crazy good pizza!
I loved the pizza place that was here before but this place is wwwaayy better.
Great service, great pizza, great salads and all in your control to make your own perfect pizza or salad.

Thought we would check this out, when we walked in our ears were assaulted by music that was not the best for a dining experience, not sure what they are going for, but they missed out on our business

Custom designed 11" pizza for only $7.75 with as many, or few toppings as you desire, including premium ingredients like feta cheese, fresh mozzarella, capicola, Kalamata olives and more....At no extra charge.
This is a very thin crust, but not a cracker crust, but thinner than I would usually prefer, however the toppings more than make up for it.
They also do custom salads and take out.
The place can fill up quickly and there have been long lines, especially around noon.
The good news is that there are several other places to eat at this location if the line is out the door and you prefer not to wait.

Came here on a Wednesday evening and there was only 2 other people in line.
We've never been to one of these but figured it was like a chipotle pretty quickly.
The girl helping us tried to explain the concept but it was hard to hear her because the music was loud and the glass was pretty high.
Anyway, we got the gist of it and went to town!
Made our own pizza and salad and got out of there for less than $17 for the hubs, myself and our 3 year old.
The pizza was thin crust and was really good.
The salad was huge and delicious!
I got turned off a little when the girl that rang me up bickered with a slight attitude at the girl that made my salad and told her my salad was too big and heavy.
She should've waited to tell her when there wasn't anyone standing right there paying for their meal.

Awesome-ness !!!!!
Awesome-ness !!!!!
Awesome-ness !!!!!
First time here and definitely WILL be going back ...
The service was great !
The choices for pizza toppings was phenomenal !
Overall ... Just a great place for some awesome tasting pizza ... And can't wait til the next time ...

$8 for a made to order 11" thin crust pizza?
Yeah, I'll take that deal.
The doughs great, the atmosphere is modern and relaxed, the ladies behind the counter are pretty, they have a million options, and considering they're cooking you a damned pizza, they're quick too.
Get there early though, this place is popular and a line forms fast.

This place is fantastic!
I've been there a few times for business lunches and everyone has always been happy.
The pizzas are ample for one person or could be split if you also got a saled (which is huge).
Everything looks and tastes fresh and I love that you can ask to have as much as you want piled on and it's still the same price.
Although the line can back up at lunch (much like a Chipotle) since everything is made to order, the pizza is done in 3 minutes after being cooked in a hig-powered 550 degree oven.
I don't think I've even had a problme finding any seatign even when the line is long.
I actually think this pizza is better than 90% of pizza I've had elsewhere.
To me, it's worthy of 5 starts.
I just wish they had one right where I live.

Best $7.75 pizza around!!!
All the cheese & topings you want!
In a great central PHX location, easy to get to on the light rail as well.
Give them a try,  you won't be dissapointed!
Lunch wth iced tea, less than $11!

I love this place- the pizzas are great!
Love that they have fresh mozzarella.
Inexpensive and delicious!

I think this could be the perfect lunch.
The portions are just right.
The toppings are very good.
The staff is fast, polite, competent and plentiful.
Prices are appropriate.
It is a regular stop for the people in my office.
5 stars well deserved.

Strolled into this spot on a Friday night after seeing the signs for a few months.
Think Chipotle, but for pizza!
So damn good.
Set price @ $7.75 for an 11inch-any toppings you would like.
Plenty of toppings to choose from..
Thin and crispy crust- damn it's good!!
A buddy mentioned it can get busy for the lunch crowd, but it was slow on Friday night.
Also thats it's best to eat there vs. Take out which makes sense!
You gotta try!

This place is fantastic!
We originally came here with a LARGE group (about 20) after graduation during lunch hour on a weekday.
Yikes.
This is a build-your-own pizza place that is pretty much like Chipotle for pizzas.
On the wall they have instructions for building your own pizza, or you can select from "pre-built" pizzas like tomato and basil (margarita), Hawaiian bbq, meat lovers, etc.
It doesn't really matter whether you select a pre-built one or not because after that you can still put on whatever toppings you want.
They also have a selection of salads that I would like to try too.
My husband and his friends were particularly excited because there is no extra cost for extra toppings.
If you build your own pizza, it's 7.75.
If you select a pre-built pizza, it's 7.75.
Haha.
It was a busy weekday and the line was long, however, once you get through line the food comes out pretty quickly.
I went to get my drink and sit down and by then my pizza was ready.
The pizzas themselves are AMAZING -- one of the best margaritas I have had.
The sauce is savory and the crust is the perfect mixture of not too crunchy and not too soggy.
Add in the fact that the pizzas are basically $8 -- even more amazingness!

Saw someone carrying out a takeout salad, from Fired Pie.
Just had to check it out.
Ordered the Buffalo Chicken Caesar Salad.
Absolutely fresh & delicious!
Added tomato slices & sautéed onions (with pepper) as additions.
Yummy!
You can invent your own custom pie (pizza) or salad, or order from their 'made our way' selections.
Located in Park Central with other locations in Chandler, Scottsdale & Deer Valley.

Yum!
This place is great.
They make your pizza right in front of you, with fresh ingredients.
You can choose from your standard pizza fare, order one of their specialty pizzas OR you can come up with whatever crazy little combo your fatty little bacon-loving heart desires.
Good stuff!

This place is awesome.
You can add your own ingredients to your pizza, and they look it right in front of you.
We split a buffalo chicken salad, which was an awesomely huge salad and a Hawaiian BBQ pizza.
The crust was thin, crispy and cooked to perfection.
I wish Tucson had one, because going up to Phoenix to visit Fried Pie is going to get expensive!

For the price, the quality was awesome and i love building my own pizza.
We went for lunch and the line was long but moved quickly.
The end result was an awesome pizza for only $7.

Nice place for salads.
I like how you can control the ingredients.
Pizza is good.
I had it once where the crust got too dark, but it seems like an isolated incident.

Great tasting pizza and affordable.
Recommend you split the pie, with someone cause it's huge!!!

Having been to another local company with the same concept, this place just didn't measure up.
Judging this pizza place independent of the other, it was alright.
The concept is great - unlimited toppings for one low price - but, though this place has a lot of toppings, they don't have all of my favorites and the toppings they do offer aren't of the highest quality.
I wish they had ricotta or goat cheese.
I wish they had more fresh vegetables... even their spinach was already cooked which lead to less than a great flavor.
Here is the pizza I ordered:   tomato and pesto sauces, mozz cheese (shredded and fresh), spicy sausage, bacon (not cut well, with large chunks that were hard to chew), spinach, onion, peppers, garlic, tomato, and basil.
I was impressed with their crispy crust and the pizza had decent flavor on day one.
The real disappointment was with the leftovers.
There's no way I could eat this whole pizza in one sitting, so I had half a pizza left.
The reheated leftovers tasted terrible... the cheese got that weird plasticky quality and it just tasted awful... only one day later.
That would be my biggest deterrence to a return visit.
While this place is alright, I don't think I will be back anytime soon.

It's like Chipotle/Qdoba/Subway/etc.
meets pizza, and the results are not surprisingly delicious.
You can't really go wrong--I like to start with one of their prebuilt pizzas and then customize it.
I don't really trust myself with the raw power of building one from scratch; I'd abuse the authority.
I do, however, allow myself the freedom of throwing some salty, briney, delicious kalamata olives on whatever the hell I'm having them build.
As the wise woman once said: "Lay off me, for I am starving!

They make 11" personal size pizzas for $7.95 with no limit on the toppings you put on it.
The pizzas are ready in about 5 minutes.
I happen to like thin crust pizzas and my pizza was great.
The staff was very friendly as well.
They also do personalized salads, but I didn't try that.

I never thought I'd say this about Fired Pie... but I think this is the best pizza I have ever had.
Hands down.
Thin crust is my favorite.
Along with fresh ingredients, wonderful flavors and a great price; you can't beat this.
I had a tried a place like this at USC in CA and this destroys that one.
Fired Pie is top notch!

This place is the bomb!
Any pizza you want for around $8.
Plenty for an average hungry adult.
Toppings are high quality, fresh and scrumptious.
I had spicy sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, spinach, tomato, and extra fresh garlic.
No problem or charge if you want extra cheese or toppings.
The crust is wonderfully thin but crispy on the edges; the exemplar of a very fine pie IMO and unlike some places, not one spot of the pie was undercooked.
Spinach and mushrooms are yummily marinated and spicy sausage was perfect.
The fresh garlic adds a surprising, but very welcome bite.
Salads are the same price roughly and are substantially filling.
This is no skimpy dinner salad!
The only drawback is that the line can be out the door at lunch; a testament to how good the pies are.
I highly recommend going at off times if possible, but go regardless.
All other pies I have tried recently cannot stack up for the value.

I love this concept of a quick, make your own pizza.
We stopped in for lunch one day and really enjoyed our pizzas.
The restaurant was nice - inside and out - and the staff was super friendly too.
This place gets packed at lunch, so beware about what time you arrive.

The pizza here is tasty and well priced - about $10.00 with a medium drink.
The dining area is funky, fresh and fun.
The staff was friendly and efficient.
Everything was clean and bright.
Perfect for group lunches!
The restaurant is sort of hard to find - it's located near the Good Egg/Jimmy Johns.
It's not easily seen from the parking lot.
Just aim for Jimmy Johns and it's next door.They do have outdoor seating.

This place is awesome now you can have a pizza with all the things for one low price!
LOVE!
& they have China Mist tea...uhh double bonus.
Friendly staff, yummy pizza, happy girl.

This place is amazing.
It was eight bucks for an 11-inch pizza with all the toppings that I wanted on it.
Super good pesto, fresh mozzarella, sun dried tomatoes and spicy sausage.
I was pretty surprised when I walked in that I was the only one there.
I really hope this place blows up because it's freaking delicious.

