A strong start for a promising place.
Billing itself as a neighborhood pub with European flair, The Spot hits the mark.
The building formerly housing Mildred's Sandwich Shop has been beautifully redone with wood booths, a cozy back bar, and lovely outdoor enclosed deck.
The menu is small, reasonable, and inventive but not pretentious.
Appetizers include fresh potato chips with creamy Gorgonzola cheese, artichoke spread, scallops, a fantastic cheese plate, and a vegetable charcuterie.
The chef, Joe Tachovsky, built the menu at Samba when it first opened, so if you know how amazing their salad bar is you can guess how confidently he handles vegetables.
The prices are reasonable, along the lines of 8-14 for entrees.
The burgers are rock solid, (try The Spot burger, with a wedge of chevre tucked into the meat), main dish salads are lovely, and the churrasco from Samba makes a well loved appearance.
There is a small but well balanced beer, wine, and cocktail list.
They have only been open for a week, and I will add to this review once I've tried a few more things and the staff has rolled out all of the regular specials and settled into a groove.
For now, especially if you live in the neighborhood, head over and welcome a place where you are pretty well guaranteed a polished meal.
A nice midpoint between Forequarter and the pizza/coffee houses/bars that are otherwise in walking distance for Tenney neighborhood folks

I've only been here once, but it was great.
A nice cocktail selection, including some very good gins.
I had the Spot burger, vegetarian version and it was one of the best veggie burgers in town.
The lemon cake was delish!
I can't wait to go back and try more items from the varied menu.

For a place open just a matter of weeks The Spot seems to be off to a great start.
We arrived to a full house on Saturday evening and settled onto some stools at the bar to enjoy a beer before a table was ready for us.
The bar selection was good and the bartender was enthusiastic and welcoming.
Built within an old house, The Spot is small; there were only about 10 tables and about 4-6 spots at the bar.
Rumor has it there is some outdoor seating but it was a bit too chilly to take advantage of that!
They aren't currently taking reservations but who knows if that will change down the road.
The ambiance is quite nice; freshly done woodwork, soft lighting, and lined with black & white photos on the dark red walls.
If I had my choice, the best seats in the house are probably in the bar area or the booths up by the front windows.
Two of the booths are right by the kitchen window which has pros and cons; some people love "seeing behind the curtain" and watching the action.
I, on the other hand, find fluorescent kitchen lights to be my kryptonite so I'd rather stick to the more romantic corners of the space.
The menu had many tempting options on it for both the vegetarian and the carnivore.
Prices were reasonable and a lot sounded tasty.
We started with the Baked Artichoke Remikin ($6.50) which was served with pickled carrots and crusty bread.
We enjoyed it thoroughly; it was a good portion for two or three.
For entrees I had the Portabella stew ($11) which I enjoyed and the Mister settled on the Wild Boar Sausage ($14) and was also pleased.
Portions were fair sized, enough for dinner for each of us, not really enough to take home for lunch the next day.
Both entrees were served with a side of cooked greens and polenta.
The greens were good, the polenta was so salty even Mr.-High-Blood-Pressure himself wasn't interested.
This is where The Spot's interest in customer service became evident: our server noticed both of us were bypassing the polenta & asked for feedback, which we provided.
He did say the kitchen team is still tweaking things and trying to improve everything, of course, so they appreciate hearing customer's thoughts on the food.
(Well, you know we're not shy!).
We provided feedback on the polenta but assured him that overall they seem to be in great shape.
A few minutes later, the owner offered us a complimentary dessert due to the polentapalooza.
Yum!
Dense chocolate cake, rich and sweet, a perfect end to the meal.
I liked the cozy space, it looks like they'll have some fun specials during the week, there were several things that tempted me on the menu, parking was easy, prices were reasonable, service was great... all in all, we look forward to heading back again.

I could go on and on about how good this was!
We had a party of 5, and although the place is small we were comfortable.
Relaxed atmosphere but seemed intimate as well.
We started with the Gorgonzola chips and artichoke appetizer, both incredibly reasonably priced at 6 bucks apiece, and delicious.
Lots of vegetarian options for our friends and all our food was fantastic.
Friendly, attentive staff (brought us more bread with our appetizer when we ran out) and cheerful bartender.
Could it get any better?

I made my first stop at The Spot on October 1, 2013 for a friend's birthday dinner.
It will surely not be my last.
I was overwhelmed by the options for Celiac's and the staff's knowledge of what it means to be gluten free.
I was excited to learn the chef purposefully does not use a roux in the stews, making pretty much every entree celiac-friendly (they also have GF bread for the sandwiches.
)   Everything on the menu sounded delicious, such that I had trouble choosing.
I ended up with the Poor Man's Paella, a scrumptious mix of rice, spices, chorizo, sausage, and shrimp.
The three shrimp were large sized and the chorizo to die for.
I was hesitant at my first bite--believing it might need to be a little more seasoned, but as the chorizo started to blend, I quickly learned the error of my ways.
The flavor profile only grew throughout.
My companions ordered the Churrasco Beef and the Portabello Stew.
The sear on the beef and the corresponding chimichurri were a perfect blend with the homestyle rice and beans.
The polenta with the stew was the best I've had in years.
My companions also ordered the chocolate cake and cheesecake for dessert.
Much like with our entrees, every plate was clean.
The atmosphere was lovely.
It was a beautiful night, so we sat on the patio, where other diners seemed equally pleased with their meals.
I cannot wait to try everything else on the menu, including the gluten free desserts and drinks that I did not sample this time around.
It may have been my first visit, but I'd be hard-pressed to find a way it would ever be my last.

X MARKS "THE SPOT'!
Oct 25.
Just had the most enjoyable lunch.
A delightful Salmon BLT, with potato salad.
The atmosphere was relaxing and intimate.
Our server, Carley, was polite, professional, courteous, and displayed a knowledge of how the dishes were prepared.
I found the menu to be refreshing and inviting.
I will be back to try The Spot Burger and Gorgonzola chips......in addition to the Adult Beverages.
Thanks Tiger.

I'm on the fence between four stars and five...but I'll give The Spot five since it just opened recently.
The food is excellent and incredibly affordable.
Top-notch entrees for $8 or $10.
I tried the burger, to get a benchmark against other restaurants, and it was delicious.
The beer list is what you would expect at any good Madison restaurant, which is very good, but the cocktails list stands above most places, excepting places like Forequarter that are known for their cocktails.
I could see going to The Spot just for drinks (but beware - there are only five barstools...it's not what you would call "a bar").
The only possible downside was that some of the staff was perhaps a little *too* attentive, which makes sense when you realize they only have nine tables to give all their attention to, and they just opened and are trying to make a good impression.
But they definitely are making a good impression...so hopefully in another month or two they'll relax into their stride a bit, and will be worth each of the five stars.
$40 for two entrees and two fancy cocktails.

Great new place for the neighborhood.
Tenney needed another non-bar food dinner restaurant.
Creative entrees, good wine list, and delectable desserts.
Service was excellent, and the ambience is very cozy.
We've made it a weekly tradition.
Nice looking outdoor patio that will be a great addition next spring!

Enjoyed a great dinner last night and plan to return soon.
Love the atmosphere and the service was flawless.
But what about the food?
Great value and delicious.
Highly recommend the potato chips and the new take on tuna and noodles.
Our group also loved the chicken paprikash and the poor man's paella.
Wonderful addition to the east side.

I came here for dinner last week and found The Spot to be an okay place.
The ambiance is cozy, and the service was spectacular.
The food, however, was nothing special.
The Spot Burger had a lot of good stuff on it, and the burger was cooked well, but the bun seemed like a regular store bought bun and the sauce on the burger made it soggy.
If the bun had instead been a nice roll, I think it would have been awesome.
The prices for the food are very reasonable, but the wine and cocktails are a little pricey.
I'd come back and give it another try, but I don't think I'll end up being a regular here.

My  wife and I have eaten here 3 times now, trying different menu items each time.
We've been very pleased with our meals every time.
The service has been excellent and we find the atmosphere casual, cozy, and relaxing.
Specialty house cocktails are very interesting.
Prices are reasonable.
The Spot is becoming our 'go to' dining place.

We had a very enjoyable dinner at The Spot on Friday evening.
We had a short wait at 6:00, but the place is really cute and cozy, so we didn't mind.
Our table opened up much sooner than the 30-40 minutes quoted.
They have a large drink menu that includes beers, wines and specialty drinks.
My three dining partners all opted for beers and I had a specialty drink called The Foosie Woo Woo (Plantation Rum, fresh lime juice, ginger liqueur, cane sugar, lime: up) I was not disappointed with the Foosie.
For dinner, I had the pan fried walleye that came with mashed sweet potatoes.
The fish was cooked just right and the sweet potatoes were very good also.
The others had the Poor Man's Paella (which I got a taste of and enjoyed very much!
) Pulled Pork Meatloaf served with mashed potatoes, and The Spot Burger with greens.
Everyone enjoyed their meal, and our waiter, Adam, was very knowledgeable and personable.
There were two things that disappointed slightly...my water glass did not get refilled until we were almost finished eating, and the sides are a little strange to me: Black Beans & Rice, Mustard Greens, Potato Salad, Seared Greens, Polenta or Mixed Greens with Vinaigrette.
Call me crazy, but I need a french fry option to go with a burger.
All in all it is a great little place.
I hope they do well.

I went with my fiancé and best friend to The Spot last weekend and we had a 100% amazing experience.
I cannot wait to go back.
We only had to wait about 15 minutes for our table, and the host directed us to the bar, showed us where we could put our coats, and would update us on the status of our table (which I really appreciated).
We all immediately got a crush on the bartender lady - she was super nice, seemed like a badass, and seemed to really care if we liked our drinks (and she said she makes them how she would want them made for herself, which was really nice to know).
You HAVE to try the George Brown cocktail - it's gingery and passion fruity and delicious.
We shared the Gorgonzola chips and the vegetarian charcuterie (which was such a cool idea and everything on the platter was exquisite).
I got the Spot burger which blew my mind.
I will definitely be back for another one.
We didn't get dessert since we were too full, but I'm sure that would have knocked our socks off, too.
Can't wait to go again!

My wife and I have dined at the Spot on 3 occasions now.
Each time we've been pleased and quite satisfied.
We've had something different on each visit and so far all of our dinners have been very good.
I gave it 4 stars but would easily say 4.5 on the 5 point scale.
The service has been excellent.
The atmosphere is cozy and relaxed.
This is one of our favorite new spots to hit when we feel like going out.

Very good food at great price.
Great staff.
Will go back again soon

I have been to The Spot twice, once for dinner  and once for lunch both on a Saturday.
The restaurant was packed the first time and empty the second, but it was 3 pm..  What was once Mildred's is now is very beautiful space.
The tables are made from wood and are very attractive.
It is a challenging space but they really made it work.The photos on the wall are fun to look at and the tiny bar area very inviting Each time I sat at a table by a  window, which was lovely.
For dinner on a Saturday night I ordered the special, "short ribs".
They were absolutely delicious.
My partner had the Portobella stew He liked it, but appeared underwhelmed  For lunch I had the cioppino ($14), some shrimp, scallops and a little bit of fish in a very light broth.
The sauce needed some richness.
There was no depth of flavor.
The shrimp and scallops were prepared perfectly.
They were cooked through yet tender and full of flavor.
It was a shame the broth was so dull.
The stew came with a small piece of bread that was sliced into 4 pieces.
The bread was cold and tasteless.
What a a shame... Batch is so close by.
No excuse for that.
My friend had the portobella stew ($9).
She too was not very satisfied.
She felt she could have easily made the dish at home.
It had no "yum" factor.
When we returned to the car we both admitted we were still hungry.
I am sure Mildred's spirit hangs in the air.
I hope she can guide the new owners to kick up the flavors, increase the portions, and serve the best bread they can find.
I want "The Spot" to succeed.
They created a great space and now they need the food to match.

3 for 3 so far - a cozy and delicious spot to eat!
Great dinners, tried the skate and the chicken paprikash, yum... Will definitely be back.
You could go here solo, on a date, or with friends.

A friend and I went here on Friday for lunch and were unfortunately disappointed.
Also unfortunate was the fact that we both ordered the same exact thing!
And that thing was the Pesto Chicken sandwich.
The pesto seemed fresh and tasted pretty good, but the chicken was a little lacking in flavor and quite squishy.
The sandwich just seemed to be lacking and was not memorable.
I chose the potato salad as my side, and that was actually very good.
For an appetizer we had the Baked Artichoke Ramekin, and it was delicious.
I'd definitely recommend that to start.
The space has gotten quite a face-lift since Mildred's closed, and it's lovely.
The little bar in the back is a cozy little space to hide.
Love it.
Service was fine.
Our waitress was nice and our food didn't take too long.
Overall, we weren't' too pleased with our visit, but will have to check it out again.
The ladies sitting at a nearby table were gushing about the Spot Burger, which is something I'll likely try next time.

Meatball sandwich was okay.
Kale potato salad disgusting.
Tastes rotten.
Weird vibe...I was only person in restaurant at 12.30 pm.
Will not return.

My husband and I love the Spot.
We've eaten dinner there 3 times now and we've been really delighted each time.
The Artichoke Ramekin starter is fabulous - it features big chunks of artichoke is a wonderfully tangy cheese sauce.
The Caesar Salad with a generous helping of anchovies and cornbread croutons is a nice compliment to dinner entrees.
We've had the Skate dusted with cornmeal, the portabella mushroom stew, cioppino,and grilled salmon.
We have loved each one.
The chef and kitchen staff create consistently excellent meals and the serving staff is attentive and friendly.
The bar area in the back room is attractive and cozy and the patio will be a wonderful place to have an alfresco meal.
Don't let the construction on East Johnson Street keep you away!

I had the meatball grinder with a side of polenta.
This meal was good, but it was not a "Wow" moment.
The meatballs were flavorful and were topped with sauce, fresh mozzarella and basil.
The polenta lacked any flavor at all.
The sandwich was delicious but the portion was small.
For $10, I was expecting something just a little bigger.
It was good but it was not great.
I had a glass of the Chardonnay.
It was pretty delicious and generously poured for $8.
The space is small and while it would intimate for a date, it was weird earlier in the day.
Families go there and it just seems kind of cramped at that point.
I have not tried the patio or the bar.
I would consider it again but truthfully nothing about this place really stood out.

It's so good - we've agreed to write this review together.
Authentic truly good food, something to be said for just taking awesome ingredients and not making them so over the top, good, knowledgeable service, and a menu that doesn't confuse - and even offers sides for sandwiches!
Takes the best of foodie Madison and makes it accessible.
Cocktails were generous, wines well selected.
Smart and kind all the way around.
The best salmon I've had in Madison - getting it truly medium rare made me nervous so I asked - is this OK or too rare - the smart server explained because it's sashimi grade having a cool center is safe.
Having the OK that it was safe I could enjoy it.
And made us all the more committed to coming back - he addressed a concern, we knew why it was delicious, and we felt OK asking questions.
Because every good review needs to be balanced - the chip appetizer was uneven and has so many competitors in area who do it so well - choose another starter.
Cheers to The SPOT - try it.

