Big thrift is going a bit more upscale in new location diagonally SE across Camelback from old location, in or adjacent to old Fry's grocery, adjacent to Blast Fitness.
The floors are polished concrete, the walls freshly painted a bright green, signage attractive and modern, and the restrooms (at least the men's room) cleaner and more modern than that of many fine dining establishments.
The place is big, high-ceiling-ed airy, bright, and though there's still just a bit of that thrift store musk of vast quantities of donated clothing, the exposed shiny ventilation overhead I think clearly pushes the décor into the category of "industrial chic".
Thankfully, at least so far, prices do not appear to have been jacked to match the fancier digs.
They've only been open since 8/16/13 at this location and were two weeks later a bit light in electronics and computer gear for the scavenging geek, and I didn't see any washers, dryers or refrigerators, but there's still room for more - or maybe I just missed them amid the vast array of other stuff.
Despite the wide open spaces, clothing racks are still placed closely enough together that it's difficult to pass someone in many of the aisles.
Note there are at least 4 dressing rooms, all shiny clean and new, would but that they could stay that way for long!
All in all it's a nicer location for thrift-mining and exploration and the parking lot is much easier to get in and out of than the former location.
If you exit the lot to the west side, you even have a traffic light to get you on to or across Camelback at (I think) 17th Ave.
If I had a little more energy and enthusiasm today, I might be "a fan", the 4-star rating, but for the moment it's 3 stars - and a positive A-OK from me.

Gone are the days of biking to my old, beloved ghetto Fry's.
After setting vacant for a few years, new "life" has sprung up in its place.
While my barber, in the same plaza, thinks this is bringing in trash, I think it's okay.
For now.
As John mentioned, this is a much nicer space than the former location.
Parking is ample, the dressing rooms better suited to trying on one's recent finds, and it lacks that God awful stink of cinnamon.
Picture this:  I'm going to be Sofia from the Golden Girls for Halloween and was able to find a dress, shoes, purse and pearl necklace for under $15!
Dorothy better not be thinking of sending me off to Shady Pines for losing my thrift skills.

I have been going to the Goodwill for a while now.
It is nice that they moved this Goodwill to this location.
The store is a lot bigger and a lot brighter.
One thing I like about the Goodwill is that they have everything by size and by color too.
Also that they have half off days every other week.
:)    Thanks Goodwill for being a great store.
I always find great deals.

This has the potential to be one of the great Goodwills.
It is large.
It is well-lit.
It is jam-packed with stuff.
While there are a lot of Target brands on the racks, there's also an encouraging scattering of Old Navy, J Crew, Calvin Klein, and other name brands.
The household section is ripe for fantasies about decoupaging one's first apartment.
Time your visit carefully.
Noon on Saturday is a Hobbesian scrimmage for dressing rooms.
Wear opaque tights and leotard so you can try on clothes in the aisle, and keep a firm grip on your original clothes, as the aisles are tight.
My next trip will be at dawn or something.
To soothe your shattered nerves, the water store in the same plaza has Thrifty ice cream at just over $1 for a single scoop.

The best donation drop off location I've ever been to.
I pull up to the double sliding doors, open my trunk, a courteous receiver comes to my car, unloads my unwanteds and gives me my tax receipt.
It is that easy!
Furthermore, I cannot believe I'm still purging and donating crapola almost four years after my big break-up.
Will my closets and nooks and crannies ever stop regurgitating clutter I never knew I had and most certainly have no need for!!
This Shiz is 'nanas!
P.S I refuse to shop at this Goodwill because I'm just the type of psycho that donates bins of junk only to repurchase said junk during a future wild hair goodwill-hunting shopping spree.
There has got to be a pill for this.

Clean and organized.
Stopped there briefly to look at records and found 3- Pearl Bailey, Sarah Vaughan, and Peggy Lee.
Super!

Shop here.
Don't donate here.
Attendant today was unhelpful and rude.
Ended up donating down the street.

