I LOVE Melisa.
I have a super sweet and fantastic labrador-pitbull mix and he weighs between 80 - 85lbs.
I always worry about price and having been to Petsmart and Petco for grooming, and also being a college student on a limited income, I never felt comfortable enough leaving him with a groomer and also shelling out a lot of money because he's so big.
I heard about her through an organization called Incred-A-Bull and Melisa had an August special for pitbull breeds for $30.
I immediately made an appointment with her though she suggested I visit first so I could feel comfortable with leaving my beloved dog.
I just went ahead and made the appointment, and when I arrived, the grooming space is completely OPEN.
I mean you see the dogs in the kennels waiting, you see where and how she washes the dogs, you see everything.
Not one of those places where you have no idea what they do to their dog because of a wall or something.
My dog walked around the lobby area (she does one pet at a time) and actually peed on one of her rugs because he smelled the presence of dogs before him.
Anyways, I felt comfortable with Melisa, she answered all questions and concerns, and called exactly an hour after to notify us that our dog was done.
When we picked him up, he was happy, not stressed, very calm, and kept licking her.
He had his nails grinded instead of cut (beautifully!
), his ears were cleaned, he got a fantastic wash and was rubbed with  coconut oil, and was brushed and the works.
It was amazing.
I called her again last week to schedule an appointment for my dog, and for everything I would pay $35.
Completely reasonable and she's fantastic.
Don't go anywhere else.
Go to Melisa.
She's more than a professional.
She's a master and just fantastic.
Check out her Facebook page, email her, call her whatever you need to see the best groomer in this town.

We have been using On All 4's for almost a year now, even before they moved to their current location.
Very friendly.
Very gentle with the dogs.
Our two dogs both have longish hair and can be difficult to get a decent looking cut.
On All 4's does such a great job with ours.
Highly recommend these guys!

After having my 4 legged daughter massacred by another grooming service, I found Melissa.
She is fabulous!
My dog gets so many compliments, which in turn I let them know about On All 4's-Elite Grooming.
Melissa is a master in every sense of the word.
My Zena loves her too.

Melissa is amazing!
I bring my two Norwich Terriers to her, and she does a fantastic job.
She is friendly, caring, and experienced - a total professional.
My dogs look great, and I know that when they are with her, they are well taken care of.
Overall, I would have to say that Melissa is the best, and I am lucky to have found her.

Just picked up Rocky from his visit with Melissa.
She's a miracle worker!
Rocky is probably one of the most difficult pups at the groomers and she did an amazing job with him!
I'd definitely take him back and recommend to others.

Best groomer.
Not just in Vegas.
She's amazing.
Expert advice.
Truly cares about animals.
Came in early for me, informative.
Soooo happy I found her.
THANK YOU!!!!

Our dogs came home looking great and they definitely enjoyed their baths!
She is so great!
She asked how I wanted my Pomeranian mix trimmed since his hair was so long.
Every time we take them to petsmart, I can't tell if they even trimmed him at all which is frustrating when petsmarts is so expensive.
Melissa thinned out his hair perfectly!
And it's cheaper that what we are used to paying!
Great experience!

I was very excited to try Melissa my dog's new groomer since she has great reviews.
Her shop is in the plaza between Tropicana and Flamingo on Hualapai.
Nothing fancy, just strictly grooming.
Pros: -Melissa is great!
She wanted to make sure we were selecting the right haircut for our dog, letting us know about potential for sunburn with really short cuts -the shop is clean and open.
You don't have to worry about what happens in the back because you can watch her groom your dog.
-one groomer, one dog at a time.
By appointments only.
This is to avoid the long wait -reasonably priced at $50 for my small dog's full groom  Cons: I asked for a very short haircut (almost a shave) and she came back with razor burn under her hind legs and the base of her tail.
It's likely because my dog was moving around but it's a bit disconcerting.
Needless to say, we rushed to get a cone of shame, hydrocortisone cream, and neosporin to soothe the areas.
It's very unfortunate because other than that, we really love out dog's haircut and would use her again (but next time, not such a short cut!
)  Overall, I'd happily use Melissa again, but will let her know next time that my dog is sensitive to razor burns.

This is the place to take your dogs,Melissa  has been doing my three dogs every sence she open up her store last year.my three dogs always come home looking like there on the red carpet.she is the best groomer,,so give her a chance to do your dogs,,the shop is very clean.melissa an her son work there .she is amazing

By for the best groomer in town.
My dog Xena busted her nail really bad jumping out of my truck and Melissa was at my shop in less than 10 minutes to fix her up.
Xena is always excited to see Melissa.
Thanks again guys you're the best!!

