Hotshotvegas.com makes me feel vip every single time i use their services.
If anyone wants to experience vip vegas life at affordable price, hotshotvegas will make it happen.
I recommended my friends and they got treated just as great.
Very satisfy: )

My girlfriends and I went to Las Vegas to celebrate a bachelorette party and Hot Shot Vegas provided us with the best service ever!
We were so well taken care of and had a great time at the pool party and day bed they set up for us.
It was complete VIP treatment and we highly recommend them to anyone else.
We will definitely contact them again in the future for any Las Vegas event needs.

Jason from Hotshot was phenomenal with helping me plan a 21st birthday weekend for my daughter and 5 friends of hers.
He matched up clubs with their likes, hooked them up every day and every night we were there, from transportation to guest lists and his knowledge of Vegas and all the nightlife options made for a perfect weekend for them.
He kept I'm contact with us the entire time to make sure all went as planned and if we needed anything else.
I could have never pulled all the events together without his help.
The girls still talk about how that birthday trip will be hard to top!
I look forward to using them again next April fort own girls trip next April!
5 star service for sure!

Everytime I need help with club guestlist, Hotshotvegas has always bren very helpful!
Totally hooked us up for our graduation celebration also!

Hotshotvegas.com is an incredible resource for locals.
Anytime I need a weekend "away" or just want to have a fun night on the strip and not drive home - I call Jason.
Hot Shot Vegas always gets me amazing rooms at a super discounted price.
Tons of incentives, great customer service and I NEVER have to wait for an answer to my questions.
Hot Shot Vegas is also perfect for when friends are in town visiting and want to go party.
I Just send them to HSV and they always have a blast.
HIGHLY recommend this company.
Super fun people.
Super fast service.

Hit up Jason at Hot Shot Vegas.
He is the man and will hook it up with everything you need or even if you just have some questions.
Lots of Vegas promoters are sketch and communication is weak.
Jason is not like that.
He is prompt with his services.
Communication is clear and he always tells it like it is and won't sugar coat things.
He really is the man to go to in Vegas.

I was introduced to Hot Shot Vegas in 2009.
My party of ladies were hooked up then and continues to do it today in 2013 !
Staffed with incredible hosts and Great Customer Service this Always my go to in Vegas.
I always receive a prompt response and the staff is NEVER too busy to respond to a party hookup request!!!!
I used the online guest list service for the first time this year - and am blown away at its efficiency!
I received a response just as it said I would and I had no problems getting in to the club!
Super easy, super convenient.
Having partied in Vegas quite a few times - I have witnessed other parties being lied to or blown off by a promoter .... this has NEVER happened with me with Hot Shot Vegas.
People come to Vegas to have a good time - guarantee your 'good time' by choosing to use their service.
If you want a fluid flowing hookup - I'd recommend them.

I have used Hot Shot Vegas for the past 2 years now and every Vegas trip I've had has been a success.
They are friendly, helpful people (which is hard to find in Vegas these days ha!
) who are on the ball and do everything they can to make my trips as fun as possible.
I recently used their online guest-list program and getting into clubs was a breeze!Their bottle service connections are great and they even helped me get $300 off of the price of a suite that I booked.
I definitely recommend them to anyone planning a Vegas trip, big or small, they know exactly what they're doing.

I had a group of friends come visit from my hometown and we used HotShot Vegas to plan out our whole week!
We received a call from Jason who helped plan out the whole week for our group and he gave us the best VIP experience for a great price!
We skipped every line every venue we went to and were well taken care of!
Two thumbs up!!

Jason from Hot Shot Vegas has been my Go To person for the last couple years.
He takes care of his people!
He definitely does what he says he will and he is great when it comes to responding promptly and patiently answering any questions.
I've recommended Hot Shot Vegas to my friends.

Hotshotvegas.com has great hotel rates and the best deal for your Vegas party!
Their staff is amazing and Jason will go above and beyond any other host or party planner to make sure your weekend is perfect.
They will work with you to make your party better than you could every imagine.
I won't use anyone but Hot Shot Vegas in the future, and you shouldn't either.

I live in Los Angeles so my friends and I make trips to Vegas on a regular.
Every time we go, Jason always gets us access to the best clubs.
I let him know when I'm coming down (sometimes last minute) and he gives me options for day and night clubs for each day of my trip.
I don't have to do any work, as soon as I wake up every morning Jason has already sent me the information needed to get in.
HE'S THE BEST!

I have had an excellent experience being a client of Jason's since 2007.
His years of industry knowledge and expertise reflect in his deep understanding of his customers and their needs while visiting Las Vegas.
When in the process of planning a trip or if I just happen to be in town, Jason is my primary and only point of contact I reach out to help plan out my evenings during my stay.
Jason and his staff are incredibly responsive to my request, and are in constant contact with me throughout the evening to make sure my group and I are being taken care of.
Naturally, I have referred HotShotvegas.com to friends and colleagues on numerous occasions.
Not only do they stand behind their commitment in delivering the best client experience possible, they've also set the standard on what a quality nightlife concierge service should be.

I am so late reviewing this, but I'm finally getting around to it.
I found out about Jason and Hot Shot Vegas through a work colleague of mine because I made him aware that I was going to Vegas for my batchelorette party and it was going to be good/wild times.
He referred me to Jason and I passed that information onto my sister/MOH.
She mentioned that Jason was very prompt in responding and made sure we were going to have a great time.
I was mostly in the background and just was the one that mentioned the clubs I wanted to go to see and been seen as I sported my fabolous batchelorette sash!
I'll put this the best way I can - I asked that we were to be placed on the guestlist on each and every club we went to.
We were placed on the guestist but not only that we were "treated" to a few drinks on the house until 12pm at most of them.
Free drinks til 12 -- That's not a problem for me or my crew, as we're familiar with taking drinks down quick .
Jason was quick to respond whenever I asked my sister to ask him "a few questions" or "how's the guestlist looking for X place".
Every time we would stroll up there around 1am and were welcomed with open arms.
I think I paid a total of $30 to get in at Chateau (but that was my fault for getting there at 2 when Ginuwine was there).
But check this out, that was nulled because a 'fan' thought that wasn't acceptable and made sure I had drinks flowing the entire night.
Anyways, I sent a note to Jason when we departed and thanked him so much for all of the help and for making a BIG part of my batchelorette party in Vegas turn out to be the best time EVERRR.
I told him I'm retaining his number so when I returned to Vegas for the first time as a married couple I will be contacting him again.
5 star experience and Jason made sure my batchelorette party was as amazing as I am.

Whenever I'm in Vegas, Jason and Hot Shot Vegas is my go to.
I've been a client since 2009 and let me tell you, they take very good care of you.
As far as pre-planning, it is mostly through email communication but they are very responsive and get back to you quick.
You tell them what you want (what clubs you want to go to, hotels, stripper shows, transportation, etc.
), your budget, and they provide you with exactly what you need and also provide other suggestions.
During the event (nightclub), Jason was with us the entire time.
He walks us in with no problems and makes sure that we were taken care of.
I will always continue doing business with Jason and Hot Shot Vegas.
I highly recommend them for a no fuss, Vegas trip!

Will highly recommend!
Jason was very on top of things, follows through all concerns, and very reliable.
Made my vegas weekend with friends fun and a weekend to remember.
Thanks again:)

Jason is the man!
I was put into contact with him by a friend who had the pleasure of working with him for his bachelor party.
My friend raved about him so I reached out and he took good care of me and my girlfriends this past weekend.
He is super friendly and prompt with his responses.
Thanks Jason for always staying true to your word and for being a great promoter!
We will be back!

Hotshotvegas.com is the way to go!!!
Jason is the man in Vegas!!
I've been going to him for 4 years now!!
Best rates,VIP guestlist and fast response!!
Don't go with random promoters go with the best.
I was just there this weekend and I'm going again 4th of July weekend!!!
I love party!!!
thanks for always taking care of my peeps and I?!

Hot Shot Vegas is brilliant.
You can plan your entire Vegas trip through them - from hotels, day clubs, night clubs, table service, VIP lines, shows, limo rides, & more.
Jason is THE BEST.
He is the nicest, most amazing person and will take care of every client with the utmost care whether you use him once, or is a regular.
(If you use him once, you WILL become his regular though :) )   I highly recommend Jason to anyone planning a trip to Vegas - you will not be disappointed!

One of the best girls trip ever.
Thanks so much jason.
U rock.

