Finally a Smashburger in my area of town.
I had the make your own burger grilled chicken with everything and smash fries.
Service was fast and everyone was talkative and friendly.
Food was good and delicious like all their food.
Chicken juicy and cheddar cheese was melted just right.
Bun was grilled perfectly and not dried out.
Veggies were fresh and crisp even at 8:30pm.
Smash fries were seasoned just right, not under seasoned or over.
I was asked a couple time how was the food and if it wanted anything.
It is located where Elevation Burger was at.
So I highly recommend this place if you want a burger.
Next time I will try out the spicy bean burger an veggie frites.

Amazing burgers!!
I could tell you guys that this place has the flavor I was looking for..
Exactly an orgasm I my mouth...
I had an SPICY BAJA.!!
It was  amazing!!
Can't wait until I am back.!

So sad...the service was awesome.
But my burger...oh my poor burger was horrible.
I've never had a Smashburger this bad before.
It was very thin, dry, and salty.
My fries were good.
I'm hoping it was just a bad night for them.
I will go there again hoping that it's better the second time around since it's so close to home.
If not, I'll be making the ling drive to the Lake Mead location.

I went here on the advice of my co-workers.
They raved about how great the food was and how it was reasonably priced.
This location is fairly new and close to our workplace so we decided to try it out for lunch.
Upon walking in the decor is fairly close to every Chipotle I've been to across the U.S.
They have typical wooden tables, with semi-modern decor.
Lots of Ikea like furnishings with semi-gloss metal accents on the walls and counters.
The menu is fairly limited.
You order with a cashier.
The price was over $9 for a bacon cheeseburger and a medium drink.
You don't receive a choice of how your burger will be done.
I assume everything is made well done.
The patty is fairly thick - but for the most part dry.
The bun looked pretty decent.
However, upon biting into the burger, I literally could not bite through the 3 or 4 pieces of bacon strewn across the meat.
I can only compare the appearance and texture to (quite literally) "Beggin' Strips" dog treats.
Unfortunately, I don't have a bite force of 325 pounds per square inch like a Tibetan Mastiff.
Therefore, I just discarded the majority of the bacon and ate the cheeseburger.
I can only assume this was a bad batch of bacon, since I haven't heard this complaint from others who've eaten there before.
However, it really makes me hesitate about going back.
Nevertheless, despite the bacon, I can't say it was bad.
It was not great.
I'd probably go back if there was nothing else around.
However, if there was even a Burger King across the street, my wallet and taste buds would have been much more satisfied.

Pretty neat concept especially the serving local craft beer!
Burgers were cooked perfect really loved the fries with the rosemary and garlic ,super good fried pickles that aren't on the menu you have to ask for them, plus I got married there!!

This chain should be renamed to Grease-burger instead!
We ordered 2 burgers and fries.
Ordered sin city burger and avocado burger.
Sin City burger consists of greasy onion rings, overfried egg, greasy chunk of smashed ground beef and greasy soft bacon...
It's 30 degrees outside so I managed to eat more than a half thinking that I'll have to burn calories outside anyway.
But I couldn't make myself to touch fries.
First they gave us lukewarm portion of greasy fries which I returned to the kitchen and asked for hot and not so greasy portion... instead I got another pile with poodle of oil on a bottom of the basket.
For &&*!
sake - is it possible to make a pile of potatoes right?
It probably cost you 30c to make it so why can't it be edible at least.
How come even McD does better job for 1/3 of the price?
I've gone to Smash a couple years ago with exactly the same result...
I hoped something changed but alas no luck.
The only bright side is that we had a 241 coupon so the total was only $12 for 2 (but I'd rather have gone to INO down the street for same money).
Bottom line: save it for better times unless you need an oil change.

Great alternative to other fast food burger joints.
They carry local brews.
They offer healthy alternatives such as veggie frites and delicious salads.

What's the whole point of calling ahead to order if they forget to put the order in when you arrive???
Fail...

The burger and fries overly dripped grease and tasted like grease.
Not good; never going back.

I have been craving burgers lately so I decided to try SmashBurger for the first time.
I am definitely not coming back!
The food presentation seemed legit when the servers brought our food to the table, but their burgers and fries were drenched in grease.
Didn't even want to finish my food, and my table was filled with napkins from all that disgusting grease.
Service was alright.
Janelle took our order & was a tad bit rude.
She didn't greet us; but kept interrupting me as I was putting in my order by constantly saying "for here or to go".
I obviously couldn't hear her because she made no effort to speak up.
Daniel was nice enough to come around our table with a smile, as he was cleaning up & asked how the food was & for us to enjoy the rest of our day.

This place isn't as crowded as the location on Sahara and Fort Apache.
The food is just as good, closer to my work and the employees seem even more friendly than the aforementioned store (if that is even possible).
I order the Sin City Chicken and Rosemary Smash fries.
It is very delicious.
The food is a little on the greasy side if your in the mood for something light, so keep that in mind.
I love the plethora of seating and cleanliness that abounds.
Diet Coke and Cherry Coke are available.
This place is a winner for sure!

These stars for the hustle of this place.
Wasn't crazy busy but I noticed there were many things that went wrong with not just my order, but other tables.
I felt bad and I didn't want to give them a hard time, so I waited patiently for my food that I called in for pick-up.
Upon arrival, my food was handed to someone else.
I waited for about 15 minutes before getting my bag, but as I was walking out noticed that it was missing my smash fries.
So I went back in and waited maybe another 7 minutes.
The manager was apologetic and so was the cashier, but as I saw them offer the table next to me free entree passes, etc.
and another table the same thing, I wasn't offered it after the two mistakes.
It was a bummer.

This is the second time I ate at Smashburger and I must admit that the burgers at this location are not made as good as the first place that I tried on Las Vegas Blvd and Warm Springs.
I had a buy one and get one coupon, so I order both the Sin City burger and the Avocado Club burger.
The burger was very greasy, overcooked and not as tasty as the burgers at the other location.
It also was put together very sloppily and very hard to eat without everything falling out of the burger.
I was quite disappointed.
Needless to say I won't be coming back to this location.

Ok didn't get me wrong the food is great I love the burgers here.
Special Hint get the kids meals very filling and half the price ur patty size is a little smaller but not by much.
So to the reason why it's getting three stars.
FIRST ITS FUCKING FREEZING IN HERE AND EVERY TIME I WALK IN HERE!!!
Burr  Second reason the smash fries so good but they taste different everything I come in.
Weird  Other than that this place is yum!

I was pleasantly surprised that this location had opened up so close to home, and was even more surprised upon finding out that it had been open for over five months!
At least that means I am good at keeping my eyes on the road while driving... right?
Anyway, being that this is a chain you can typically expect the same product that has been pumped out with scientific precision a million times before.
The Sin City Burger I enjoyed was phenomenal and tasted no different from the ones made at the other locations I have visited.
A tad pricey for a burger, Smashburger continuously makes up for it with quality of ingredients.
With the addition of $1 cans of PBR with dine-in food purchase, you can't go wrong!
The interior of this location is nice, fresh, and clean.
Like the other locations this one does not have any TVs, which I thought was unfortunate as it would've been nice to catch the football game that was on (even though as a New York Jets fan my whole team is undoubtedly on a golf course somewhere).
The staff was extremely friendly and checked on our table multiple times to ensure our dining experience was pleasurable.

I have been to the Sahara location MANY times and even chose to go there for my birthday dinner.
I was excited to see this location closer to my house - loaded up the car and headed out for family dinner.
NOT GOING BACK EVER I think the kitchen staff needs to be educated on oil temperature or something because the onion straws that I expected to be crunchy and yummy aka "Smashburger style" were a pile of wet greasy yuck.
I returned them and the staff was friendly but then served me a basket of the same slop only hotter this time.
The burger was so-so and the ice tea was murky and unpleasant.
Something is horribly wrong at this location.
Don't waste your money.

This is one of the best hamburger establishment I've ever gone too!
They make an amazing burger!
I am gluten free so I don't have many options out there.
They sure do provide many choices for me.
I highly recommend!

1st time eating there.. And found out they sell BEER!
ya I was a little excited but burger was good cooked2order ...
Going back soon!

Love these burgers, I think it's the bun that really does it for me (egg bun), the fries are a bit skinny for my preference but they're still good.

I LOVE Smashburger!!
The burger never disappoints.
Sweet potato fries are delicious and so are the smash fries.
Haagen Dazs shakes and beer if you're in the mood; what more could you ask for??
Trying the chicken club and haystack onions today I'm sure they won't disappoint either

Having the quarter lb burger w/spinach, tomatoe, onion, goat cheese crumbles, and cucumbers w/vinaigrette on a multigrain bun.
I should've gone for the 1/2 lb....SO GOOD!
I would have posted a picture, but I ate it in record time.

Avocado Bacon Cheeseburger (forget the chicken - sub the burger)!!!
Great stuff - LOVE the sweet potato fries.
Great service - great atmosphere (open).

I want to give this a great review because I love all the healthier choices offered along with the not so healthy but delicious options like beer & burgers.
My experience at this location was less than stellar.
The cashier chick who took our order lost her cool when we swiped our credit card before the order was complete (like almost every other credit card process I've ever experienced).
I was taken back at her reaction which was super unwarranted, it simply meant we had to swipe again when the order was complete.
My food was ok but the salad had too much dressing.
I should've asked for it on the side.
To top off the disappointing experience, we were surrounded by fruit flies while we dined.

We decided to try this place after hearing how awesome the burgers were.
We ordered burgers, fries, onion rings, and a salad!!
Very large servings!
The burgers were fresh and tasted great!
The fries were good and the onion rings were awesome!
We also tried a milkshake which was very good!
The place was empty except for us which was nice, while we waited for the food a few of the staff kept yelling back and forth to each other from across the restaurant which was ok but a little loud and distracting, Then our food came and we never really saw anyone after that.
It's like everyone disappeared after that.
We needed some to go containers but never saw anyone to ask, so we helped ourselves to the containers and left.
I should mention that the man who helped us at counter did come out and ask how everything was a few minutes after dropping it off.
So we weren't alone the whole time!
All n all we will be coming back!
The food was fresh and good and when we did see the staff they were friendly!!

My sister from Tenn. called and let me know that Smashburger was a place worth trying.
After tonight's dinner, I certainly agree.
I really liked the burger, but it fell short of loving it.
Matt and I each got Bacon Cheeseburgers.
After ordering I noticed that the regular burger and bacon cheeseburger had several differences, not just the bacon.
We had them add lettuce and tomato and smash sauce, which are standard on the regular burger.
They were really accommodating in handling the modification.
I also wasn't too sure if I wanted regular fries or their special smash fries, so they made a small sample for us to try.
I decided on the smash fries and Matt had the sweet potato fries.
Neither of us were disappointed.
The last option we had we for our drinks.
We both had Chocolate milkshakes.
They're made with Haagen Daiz and are deeeelicious.
(I'm sure there's at least one spelling error in that last sentence.
)  My only complaint is that they were too small for a $4 shake.
About the size of a medium soft drink.
A final recommendation to Smashburger -- lighten up on the salt on the burger.
It ruined an otherwise delicious hamburger.
I'll try it without the bacon next time.
Maybe that's where the excess salt taste came from.
Smashburger is a new fast food restaurant for the Las Vegas area.
They may still be learning how to get it right.
In some ways, they are outstanding.
In others....well lets just say that there's room for improvement.
I'll try them again and update the review if appropriate.

I've probably eaten Smashburger a dozen times and it's my "go to" if I'm craving a tasty middle class burger (middle class burger: somewhere between a Mcdonald's and a premium Gordon Ramsay-ish burger bar).
I so wanted to give a 5 star review (because I love their food overall) but the last time I was here, I was at the register waiting to order for 5 minutes at around 6pm and no one was at the counter, just nobody to take my order...so I waited and waited...and then some girl came out from the back kitchen and another lady (probably the manager) said, "Hey you have someone at the counter".
Just bizarre to have no one up front for that amount of time and not even be busy.
Anyway, getting back to the food...I usually grab the sin city with the fried egg or the mushroom truffle swiss depending upon if I'm craving those awesome crispy shoestring onions on the Sin City or if I'm feening some truffle mushroom goodness.
It sucks that a bad experience reminded me to finally write a review for a place I've frequented quite often and enjoyed.
Tip: Try the sweet potato fries over the regular ones.
This place has great burgers...

Sea Salt Fries and Sin City Burger  First, the fries with truffle mayo were very good.
Crisp, not too oily, flavorful and they were piping hot.
Also, the bacon on the burger was thick and not overcooked.
Now, my problem was I ordered the burger itself to be cooked rare.
The first try was well done.
Realizing it may be a mistake I asked for a recook and was willing to pay for it.
The second burger, at no cost, also was well done.
I gave up!
This I could forgive if the burger wasn't so lacking in flavor.
I was not expecting Kobe beef at $6.99 but the accompanying ingredients were bland including the sauce leading to an uninteresting burger with no taste, and the grilled onions were verging on barely cooked.
Overall, a major disappointment, especially when I wasn't expecting much to begin with.

