Came here the Friday before Labor Day weekend at 3pm.
The wait time was about 25 minutes.
I had candy crush to keep me busy while waiting in line.
When it was my turn, it was pretty quick.
The guys are very friendly and nice.
You can either wait in one of their booths or sit in the passenger seat while they run the test.
It's just annoying to know you have to pay $27 for some 2 second check they do on your gas tank.

Quick and efficient.
This location only took a few minutes for us to get all the way through the process.
As newbies to the state, we weren't aware of the process, but everyone was very friendly and explained what they were doing for each portion.
I think we were there for all of ten minutes total.
Although we are not used to emissions test, this location made it painless and quick.
When we need to do it again, we'll be stopping back here.
Overall: A

The wait wasn't bad and the workers were friendly.
Huge shocker of the day was that this was the first time I have had to do emissions testing on my vehicle.
Right on cue my gas cap failed the test and they got to bleed me for another $13.
Meanwhile my yearly registration is nearly $300 and the motorhome built in 1976 in front of me in line passed.
I'm happy I have a job and continue to pay taxes.

A necessary evil that we all have to go to eventually, the most you can ask for is a shorter line and get in and out quickly.
Well I had never noticed this location before, as it's hidden off the street.
Watch carefully for the blue emissions testing sign, I drove right by it the first time.
I found this particular location to be faster than most, and with friendly employees.
They were helpful and courteous, and I was in and out promptly.

This station had fast and friendly service.
I was there on a weekday at about 10am and my wait time was about 10 minutes.

I've been to other locations to get my car emissions done and it's always been extremely long waits of 30 minutes to an hour.
But I've been to this location two different times and no matter how long the line is, it's always pretty speedy.
They take credit cards, debit cards, Arizona checks, and I believe cash too.
Which again I've been to other locations that wouldn't take anything except a check for the exact amount.
I barely know anyone that uses checks anymore!
Thank goodness for a location that has moved forward with the times.
Staff is friendly, some are cute too!
:)  I'd recommend this location to anyone need a quick and hassle free emissions.

