Very nice place, great music, good service and a lot of TVs.
My wife and I came in at 11:22 on a Saturday 2 days after they opened.
We were served very fast.
There were only about 12 people here at that time but I hope they pick up more soon!

My husband and I tried this new place, used to be a Timber's.
The menu was a little pricey for a gaming tavern - restaurant.
We ordered a French dip and a Reuben, both with the cheese tots.
The sandwiches were a bit "dry" and not that great.
Arby's makes a much better French dip and Reuben, and for half the price.
The cheese things weren't bad, basically deep fried Mac n cheese, but you can tell they were frozen.
We each ordered a beer and the total bill was ~$40.
I think if you are going to have $12-$15 sandwiches and burgers and $30 steaks, you need to up the quality.
The food we had would have been acceptable if the meal was less than $10.

I've lived in the area for 6 years now and this is just what the area needed.
A tavern with amazing food and a different beer selection.
If you want cheap pt's food and the crowd that comes with 2 dollar bud lights then this is NOT the place for you.
I am not an Internet troll by any means...
But if you think a national fast food chain has better quality food than this place, you should not be reviewing a food experience on the Internet.
The beers are prices on par with the areas other bars except you get a nicer selection.
They have some niche beers and local brews along with the national brands which means there is something for everyone in my group (for once!).
they have a GREAT TV setup so this will probably be my new Sunday brunch spot (sorry hash house).
I have had the club sandwich, burger, chili, and a cheese cake chimichanga.
All were delicious.
The sandwich meat is fresh deli quality meat and the bacon is far from whatever subway uses.
The burger is the main attraction.
The manager told me they use a wood grill so the cook time is a bit above a normal kitchen.
Once you have a bite you will realize it was worth the wait.
These burgers are thick so be safe and order medium well if you like medium and are picky on your meat color.
They put it on a high quality artisan bun ( I think it's chibata but not sure).
The sirloin chili is the best I've had in town.
It's spicy but your nose won't be running.
And the desert combined my favorite things: deep fried dough and cheesecake.
In summation, if you live in the deep north of Las Vegas and want a place to have a high quality meal and watch a game and have a drink with out the "riff-raff" that has seemed to be taking over the chain bars that surround it, swing by!....
Just don't fall victim to the cheddar bites addiction like I have.

It's an okay start, but in this area this restaurant may fail due to pricing.
I stopped in for lunch with a coworker.
The staff were warm and greeting and hyped the quality of their food prior to ordering.
I got a BLT plus Avocado and my friend a chicken Caesar salad.
With one fountain drink added in the bill was just shy of $30 before tip.
That is decent, a bit pricey, but now consider that this was a weekday lunch, that means I'll be going elsewhere.
The food wasn't bad, but it didn't best other lunch options for sitdown restaurants, especially for what we paid.
On a note, there is no way my coworkers salad was worth $13.99!!!
My suggestion would to add a lunch menu with paired down portions at a reasonable price and value.
Maybe try a $6.99 or $7.99 lunch special otherwise I don't see business picking up anytime soon.
It's really a shame, but I hope to update the review on this place later once some kinks in their menu are worked out.

What a disappointment.
I have lived in the area for a few years now I was hoping to get a new bar/restaurant that would price itself for the neighborhood.
Sadly, the prices for food are so high, and the return for your dollar so low it is just not worth going there no matter how good the food is, and it wasn't (that good).
I do not foresee a long run of business for these people here.
Walking in was like walking into a dungeon, very dark and honestly you could trip over things.
Since this was formerly a Timbers, the décor was that "North Western" hack you expect from a Timbers, nothing interesting.
The bar had  the requisite Video Poker games and what looked to be a shallow well.
The Spirits list included some very pricey bottles (including Dom at $400) that I would suppose would never sell in this neighborhood.
The wines were an eclectic list and priced rather high, so not sure who they buy from but it is off beat.
As for beers, well, I worked at a bar that had 700 different beers and was not impressed.
I think the Smiths Ale was the only eye raiser.
Also in there list was a subsection "cans", I have never seen this even though it is common for British Cream Ales and such to come in cans, it's not mentioned.
So the bar area, nothing special and a bit eerie, but that's my opinion.
As for the restaurant, the prices were too high, period.
The claim made by the waiter (this had to have been his first service job) that all the food was fresh made was a complete lie.
The food was Sysco re-heat and eat restaurant selections without a doubt.
Of the burger dinner I did have, MAYBE the patty was hand formed and 1/3 pound.
It came with sweet potato fries (undercooked) and fried pickle chips on the burger (so they  were soggy), and the bacon tasted reheated by dropping it in the fryer for  a few seconds.
This was $14.
My wife wanted Linguini Alfredo and it came with garlic bread.
This also was $14.
Yeah, that's all, pasta (not fresh), Alfredo Sauce (if that was made fresh then there is something seriously wrong with the cook) and of course they weren't about to bake bread.
But are we missing something?
Where is the protein?
This did not come with a protein, they want you to pay extra for a protein or even some vegetables.
$14 for a plate of carbs... and worse, they didn't really have any.
Was there a fish offering?
No.
How about adding chicken to that Alfredo?
Nope.
Shrimp?
What's that?
And this was the same for the red sauce, (no bolognaise  from what I could see).
Well, won't be back unless management changes again.

Excellent food and service.
Four of us went for lunch and liked it so much we came back for breakfast.
Wedge salad, chili, soups, biscuits and gravy, breakfast burrito...all very good.
No complaints.
Fresh and original.

We had Julia as a server and she was wonderful.
Wish the prices were lower but the food was good enough that we will return.

This place is right down the street and my husband and I decided to go in there for lunch yesterday.
We were excited to have a place to hang out at right down the street.
Well we were greeted by a server who looked like she just crawled out of bed ans threw her hair in a pony tail.
We chose a small table since there were only 2 of us.
She quickly asked us to sit at a bigger table because it was hard to eat at the small table.
Her voice was annoying and she seemed fake.
We moved tables and ordered a burger and a breakfast burrito.
The burger was $14 and the burrito was $12.
They were mediocre and not worth the money.
I can get a burger at Farmer Boy that's better and cheaper.
The place is too expensive and it seems boring.
The bartender was mostly bsing with the customers and wearing a tank top with her bra hanging out, which I think is trashy.
We decided we won't go back there.

From reading other post I would not have come in, but I'm glad we did.
I have been a server for over 20 years and after eating here and reading some of the other post I would say the ones that were to the extreme of negative are just people who are not happy in general.
Yes the food is a bit pricing but worth it.
Anyone with class knows you get why you pay for.
The staff was very professional and genuine and I will returning, full bar with great choices same as menu.
Great little hang out.
I hope it sticks around!!

What a little gem this placed turned out to be!
Its kinda dark inside but the staff is very friendly and the food is yummy!
They have a nice beer list as well.
The wings and nachos ate a must order!
Big portions for a good price!

I wouldn't even give this bar 1 star.
went here today for lunch and had the Worst, vile and rudest bartender I've ever encountered in 7 years of living here.
Fire her for her attitude and awful profanity laced mouth to paying customers.
Can't wait to yelp the situation, call her name out and tell all of my friends and family NOT to ever come here again.
I'm highly disappointed and appalled at her general lack of respect.
Employees come and employees go.
Again, fire her ...she's a complete embarrassment to your entire establishment.
The two hours I was there she must have taken at least 4 shots!

WAY OVER PRICED for Sysco food.
Drinks are good, appitizers were also good.
WIfe got a RAW pork sandwich.
They took it back and made it right but still.
My chili tasted like it came from a can.
We came back a second time.
Fried pickles are really good.
Blood Marys are excellent.
Burger for the wife looked a little undercooked for her liking but the room is dark and she didn't taste blood.
Will go back for drinks and test other menu items.
Hopefully it will increase.
One last thing, their "wood fired grill" doesn't impart a smoked flavor in the food items.

Went in today.
The lady behind the bar greeted my wife, 2 kids, and myself.
After picking a booth in the back we waited for 15 minutes and never seen anyone.
My wife walked up to the bar and the 2 lady's there ignored her, so we left.
We will not be back!

This place doesn't know what a Country Scrambled Egg is ..
Being a cook yur suppose to know these things  I stopped in around the grand opening ordered the basic breakfast bacon CS Eggs   HBrowns Toast  When the server came out of the kitchen to ask how do you cook CS Eggs I already knew this was going to be my last visit  The breakfast was nothing to run hurdles for  I paid about $9.00 I should of went to Jerrys nugget / Elcortez better quality and they have Egg Knowledge ..

I love this bar so much!
Great local craft brews, and delicious burgers.
There's a burger made from bison meat with bleu cheese in the middle, and the American burger is to die for.
You can get cheese filled tater tots as a side or regular fries.
However, the beer and the people are probably the best.
No loud douchebags running their mouths.
And plenty of TV's.

This place is in close proximity of my house so it's nice to be able to walk over and have a beer.
But this places has sub-par food that is way over priced for the quality & what you get.
The bartenders are a bit preoccupied with their friends or regulars that the rest of us have to wait up to 40 minutes for another drink.
The management and/or owner really needs to evaluate their staff and food if they want to stay in business!
Hate to see it go but it will things don't change.

Had their fried pickles once and decided that I needed to come back for a full meal.
Convinced my boyfriend to go, and he ordered the club sandwich and I ordered the build your own pasta.
He got his club, that had onion on it, and the menu didn't list it as an ingredient.
I got my pasta that was $13.99, and since the menu said to add additional items, $1.00 each, I added mushroom and chicken.
Got my penne with Alfredo, and my extra items.
And scallions (which also wasn't on the menu, and I had to pick off.
)   My boyfriend said his sandwich was "ok".
The pasta sauce was watery and had a weird taste.
Imagine our surprise when we got the bill and my pasta was $18.99.
When we asked the waitress, we were told, "We just changed our menu and there are some errors on it.
" So we were stuck with a higher bill because they had typos.
Wouldn't have minded paying if the food was actually worth $18.99.
I can get the same dish elsewhere for half the cost (and I will from now on.
)   We won't be coming back to eat, but I do have to give two stars for those fried pickles.
Only reason we would go back.

I've been to Millside three times now, and each time the experience has been better.
On my initial visit a BBLTA, Double Bacon, Lettuce ,Tomato, and Avocado Sandwich, was right on, with thick slices of Applewood Smoked Bacon and homemade potato chips that were good but salty.
Twisty Curly Fries tasted good, and there were a lot of them, but they were greasy, and fish filets were a bit undercooked for Fish & Chips.
On the last outing, Beer Battered Cod Loins were cooked properly but the breading was softer than usual.
For apps, Fried Pickle Chips were well executed; 6 cheesy Potato Skins were nice and juicy, with a meaty flavor exuding from the bacon; and 5 pork Potstickers were frozen but very tasty, served with a very good spicy Szechuan Dipping Sauce.
A Turkey Avocado Club Sandwich on Sourdough Bread was a fine choice paired with very yummy Cheesy Tater Tots.
On the first occasion a Cheeseburger ordered plain came out highly festooned with vegetables before it was replaced; and on the third outing Potato Skins ordered with Green Onions on the side came out instead covered with circles of Green Onions before this order, too, was redone.
And, even though only two or four diners were in the entire dining room when I was there, it seemed to take a long time between ordering and receiving food.
But service was always friendly, and otherwise well executed.
It seemed like the glitches with orders were principally occurring in the kitchen, and on a subsequent visit our server told us that a chef had been replaced.
The Millside menu is varied, fairly extensive, and rather inventive, focusing primarily on comfort food.
For instance, on my last late night venture here, I selected a Pepperstrami Sandwich as my main dish.
This combination of pastrami, pepperoni, melted Muenster Cheese, Coleslaw, and Chipotle Mayonnaise spread on and pressed between two slices of lightly toasted Sourdough Bread resulted in an interesting and pleasant mix of flavors.
Thankfully the pastrami was not dry, and the pepperoni was not overcooked.
The hotness of the pepperoni and Chipotle Mayo was modulated somewhat by the pastrami, which tasted like it had been marinated in sweet BBQ Sauce.
But for hours afterward my gut felt like a small fireball was inhabiting it.
The dining room of this 24-hour tavern/restaurant has a southwestern ambiance with highback booths.
Because I live close by, and the food has either been good or promising, I will be monitoring Millside to see if further improvement continues here, as I am hopeful it will.
3-1/2 stars overall to date!

