I visited Juniper on one of those beautiful Autumn afternoons.
When you first walk in there are tables and chairs in a light and airy area.
But the real delights await further down the bar area where it opens up to a beautifully designed sitting area.
There are very comfortable sofa's laid out nicely in groups of two for those quiet meetings or imbibing one of their signature cocktails.
There are a couple of larger sofa areas for bigger groups.
The service was brilliant, attentive and personal.
We started with a prosecco as how else do you celebrate a new find like Juniper?
We then moved onto the apple martinis.
These were delicious and would highly recommend them.
They were the colour of real apple juice, just how they should be (unlike some that are a fluro green!).
And very quaffable indeed!
I'd highly recommend this as a great new place to try, it's a good place to meet friends or for a date.
They have wifi there and have been told their coffee is good so I'd also recommend it as a great place to work or catch up on surfing :-)

Another autumnal visit.
The staff were friendly and attentive.
I love the seating arrangement particulary in the back area where there is comfy seats ahoy!
The perfect place to enjoy a cocktail after a long hard day baking!
The cockatil of choice was the Russian Roulette - which was delish!
The small food menu is great.
I choose the chips and they were yummy.
the had some heat but had a dip at the side so you could cool them down!
I'll defo be back with the girls as it will be a perfect place to chill out afer walking the length of Princes Street shopping!

thursday evening saw me running quickly across princes to meet Emma W. and Jennie S. for a quick drink before the elite event.
Jennie had told me Juniper Bar and after a quick look at the link she sent me i realised this was in the british hotel across from waverely.
i have to say i was actually quick shocked at how lovely this place was!
on passing through the doors crom princes street, i wandered up a plushly carpeted staircase into a very swish looking bar area.
going further along there was a further seating season that sort of felt like chic contemporary british, very classy and very posh.
i was definitely a fan!
the cocktail menu looks fab (although a wee bit pricey, probably due to its location) but i opted for a simple vodka that was mixed with a lemon foam and cinnamon.
it was incredibly tasty and only £4!!
way better than just the plain vodka and soda.
i also munched a few of Emma's chips which were lovely crispy and very moreish.
a quick glance at the food menu looked quite nice for a late lunch after a days shopping.
on trying to pay things got a bit complicated as i'd placed my order with a different waiter and this wasn't on the bill for the table... so maybe a few things to work out still, but overall a really lovely bar that is a real gem in the middle of princes street!
definitely look forward to going back here at some point soon :)

"Fondue?!
Count me in!
" That was the message that shot back immediately when I texted my friend mentioning Juniper's Fondue Fridays.
I'd heard great things about the cocktails at this new pad but that wasn't a massive pull for me.
But fondue - well, that's another matter entirely.
Hopping up the first flight of stairs just inside the Royal British Hotel, we arrived at the trendy and swish bar to be greeted by a cheery staff member.
Plush purple sofa-benches, flowers in pink water on the tables, space-age egg-chairs, and cool textured wallpaper make Juniper a cool and sophisticated take on the cocktail bar.
The music (funky stuff - Justin Timberlake, Michael Jackson and so on) worked very well with the feel of the place although it could have done with being a fraction quieter.
It was quite early in the evening and not that busy but we were having to raise our voices to talk.
Nevertheless, it was super-suave - a far cry from our "usual" type of place but very impressive and enjoyable.
There were two choices of both savoury and sweet fondue that night; we went for cider, cheese and bacon, which arrived pretty quickly with a lovely board of dunkables: salmon, mussels, herby chicken, tender beef steak and raw carrot sticks.
Heaven!
We didn't have that problem that so often occurs with fondue, when you run out of dippy bits before you run out of fondue to dip into.
It was superb, and at £16 for both of us together, a pretty cheap way to dine out.
We were certainly too full to indulge in a sweet fondue to follow, so that'll have to be a separate trip... oh, so I have to go back?
Fine by me!
As I said, it wasn't that busy.
Even though it was early that evening (we were there just before six and stayed until around eight), it definitely deserves to pack out quickly.
Hopefully as word spreads, it'll become a regular go-to spot after work for lots of people.

Like Sharon said in her review, I also love the decor in Juniper!
It is really tastefully decorated and I love the lounge feel of the place.
Unlike so many other cocktail bars in Edinburgh that are tiny and really loud, I liked that it was quieter although I count vouch for weekend nights.
Unfortunately, where they really fall down is in the service.
Tonight ten happy Yelpers came in to a very quiet Juniper and it took over half an hour to take our drink order, then over another hour to be served the first cocktails.
For those of us indulging in the taster menu (see more below for a word of warning), it took us over two and a half hours to receive the four cocktails.
This made for a long evening of waiting, and some frustrated Yelpers.
I really enjoyed sharing a taster menu of cocktails as it was fun to get to try eight different cocktails and see what we liked best whilst navigating the extensive cocktail menu by taste.
The server kindly let us share two taster menus - eight cocktails total - amongst four people but be careful since the menu does state that the £25 cost is per person.
If sharing the taster menu with over two people, don't tell them you are sharing it!
I think we only got away with it since we were bringing them so much business.
The server made it clear that she was being extra specially nice to us even though we were receiving the eight cocktails amongst four instead of the four cocktails per person that is outlined in the £25 price.
Call me a lightweight, but I didn't want four cocktails on a Tuesday night so I was really happy to share!

i was a massive fan of juniper and after having a few enjoyable experiences here i'd suggested it for the monthly cocktail quest a few of us yelpers go on!
so with an area booked for 15 thirsty yelpers, i was well excited for all of us to try out this still rather new bar.
however, my excitement died down pretty quickly as the night progressed.
i appreciate this place is table service but we sat for over 20 minutes waiting for someone to take our order...and then a further 20-30 minutes for our first drink!
so while we arrived at 7pm none of us got a drink til 8pm although for those of us that had ordered food that arrived fairly promptly.
however no one ever came to check and see that we were happy with our food....  from this first wee glitch, came an evening of endless waiting for drinks.
although we kept asking if they could continue to bring the cocktail tasting drinks for those of us that ordered them a bit more quickly we were told that they were extremely busy and were trying to get things out.
however on a walk through the bar there were only a handful of people there, apparently they claimed the restaurant was busy.... so after an hour wait for our first drink, we had another half hour wait for the second drink, a further half hour to get the third drink, but to be fair the fourth drink arrived only 15 minutes after the third.
i'm assuming the restaurant had cleared out by this time so we could get some proper service.
i'd probably have updated my review to only three stars if i was basing this on the service alone, however my third drink came with a fancy flower floating in it.
yes it was a very pretty idea, but on closer inspection i discovered that my flower was mouldy.
yes, a mouldy flower in my expensive cocktail.... unbelievably i didn't send it back as i was terrified of how much longer my wait for a new one would be if i did!
totally shocking that this drink was allowed to leave the bar....  so i'm sorry Juniper, but i'm unlikely to come back after my experience last night.
the length of service seriously needs to be sorted out as three hours for four cocktails is a bit ridiculous and a mouldy flower in someone's drink is unacceptable.
i'm sad as the food is tasty and i so wanted to try out fondue fridays, but i just can't bring myself to spend my money here again!

I thought I was going to end up giving Juniper three stars, but at the end of the day "A-OK" just doesn't describe our experience here.
I expect there to be some waiting involved when you order cocktails - they obviously take more time to prepare than a glass of wine - but the waiting we did at Juniper wasn't just for the cocktails.
We waited a long time for a waitress to take our initial orders.
We waited a long time for tap water to arrive (it came well after the first cocktails, actually).
And we waited a long, long time for cocktails.
So much so that it became one of the major topics of conversation at our table, wondering when our thirst would be quenched.
The waitstaff was mildly apologetic and blamed the delays on how busy they were, but they were far from full of customers.
I'd hate to see how slow the service gets on a day when the place is crowded.
Other than the speed of the service, it was a good evening.
The cocktails were interesting, and not excessively sweet.
The sofas and armchairs were comfortable, and the room was well-decorated.
The noise level was conducive to conversation.
Based on all this and its nice, central location, I'll probably end up giving Juniper another try, hoping to discover that the slow service we experienced this time was was just a fluke.

Oh dear.
Drinks decent but service awful.
Tried to book a table 5 days in advance.
Tried 3 times and no one would pick up the phone and gave up as the Germany vs Brazil Blitzkreig was starting.
Called back two days later - after an extended discussion about seating arrangements (size of group & suitable tables) then high table by window was confirmed.
Arrived at designated time, table given to someone else and they didn't know about the booking.
Just as well a couple of the gang didn't make it as they'd given away our big table which was made such a big deal of when I tried to book.
Saw 4 walk-in's arrive after us and get served before us.
No acknowledgement when I arrived.
Took 40 mins to get the drinks - cocktails (nearly 25 mins after arriving before the order taken and got some water as knew cocktails might be a bit slow).
Then 10 mins after that to get snacks that we had to ask again for.
The guy that ended up serving us was really nice but he only arrived 25mins in as he was a bit more aware than the girl serving when we arrived.
So Juniper, nah.
Had I not been using a voucher, I'd have walked.
And the voucher was a 2nd chance after friend's horror stories of bad service...

