A beautiful facility with lovely staff.
Rita was very helpful today.
Fantastic website!
Will update once my pugs get their check-ups!
Welcome back, Dr. Ensign!

Buddy Bear went for his first vet visit today and they treated him great here.
Dr. John Ensign was really nice and extremely helpful.
Very nice facility and the staff is super friendly.
Ask about their puppy visits.
We're definitely going to take advantage of that.
I would recommend Boca Park Animal Hospital to everyone.

Boca Park Animal Hospital is a new and exciting one stop EVERYTHING for cats and dogs!
Seperate entrances for our extended family, makes just walking in a joy.
RitaAnn will remember you're name and you're beloved pet.
Corrie adores animals and makes letting go...comfortable.
Rachel showed immediate  expertise while I waited for my  puppy's first surgery to go right..xo Dr. John Ensign's vision of this Veteniary "Wonderland" is an amazing facility, and is a blessing for our animal loving community.
Easy to find..the JUMBO doggy screen, lights up Rampart Blvd!...SOOO VEGAS!
Calling all dogs and cats..a must  see!
My pets are my family,  and Dr. John has taken pet care to a new level without breaking the bank.
Thanks Amy for grooming my dog today, he looks "Marvelous",

I brought my 10 year old Yorkie, Trixie, to Boca Park AH after reading the reviews and due to the close proximity to my home.
My husband and I just relocated to Vegas from the East Coast, so we were asking around for vet recommendations, but then had to make a quick decision due to Trixie's illness (a lump we found in her right front leg).
Trixie began limping at the beginning of December and then it got worse to the point she couldn't put her paw down.
I called and made an appt with TJ over the phone and she was able to schedule us for the following day.
I was also able to email Trixie's vet records from our previous vet prior to our visit.
When we arrived for our appointment, TJ at reception greeted me warmly, had me fill out new patient paperwork and she took a photo of Trixie for her patient records.
Shortly thereafter, the vet tech, Raquel, took us to an exam room where she looked at Trixie and took some preliminary notes before Dr. Ensign examined her.
Raquel was personable, professional and compassionate.
She really took a genuine interest in Trixie and took detailed notes.
Dr. Ensign came into the exam room about 15 minutes later and gave Trixie a thorough exam.
He was very gentle with Trixie and Trixie really liked him a lot - she didn't flinch or put up a fuss when he examined her.
Dr. Ensign provided a detailed diagnosis and discussed our options/next steps.
I scheduled Trixie for her blood panel work the next day and surgery early the following week.
Trixie's surgery went well and her biopsy came back benign (thank goodness).
She went in for a follow-up visit one week later, then had her stitches taken out a week after that.
Her recovery has progressed nicely and she's walking at all with no problem.
She's back to her sparky, bubbly self.
Top Ten Reasons Why We Love Boca Park Animal Hospital: 1.
Dr. Ensign and his staff are all very friendly, professional and knowledgeable.
Facilities are top notch - expansive, state-of-the art, very clean and modern.
They have on-site grooming and also offer training and pet shuttle services.
Nice, clean, low-stress pet resort at various price points.
I took a tour of the pet resort and plan on having our dogs stay there the next time we go out of town.
It's nice to know that in the event one of our dogs were to become ill while we were away, their regular vet is on-site to take care of them!
Great peace of mind!
Web site is awesome!
Lots of detailed info and photos.
They have Saturday hours!
Lots of parking.
Nice outdoor exercise area for dogs.
Separate entrances for dogs and cats.
10.
Conveniently located in Summerlin area.
Even though we had to take Trixie to Boca Park Animal Hospital for an urgent illness, we plan on taking our other 2 dogs as well for their regular vet check-ups and shots.

I brought my dog Jax into Boca Park with chronic ear issues.
They were prompt, friendly, and professional in coordinating my appointment in just 48 hrs (I had contacted them late Friday night, they had arranged for previous vet record transcripts and an appt for us by 3:00pm Monday).
The staff was friendly and the faculty clean, organized, and transparent which I really appreciated.
The dctr was fully present during his time with my dog, not rushed or impatient.
He had taken the time to read the email I had sent detailing the concerns I had about my dog before the appt.
He went through several options for treatment, weighed their pros and cons with me, gave me his recommendations, and then left.
His staff prepared an itemized quote for me which I felt was fair.
I was not pressured in anyway to commit on the spot for any of their services.
My dog will be returning for his procedure in 2 days time and was given a detailed care plan/meds in between now and his surgery date.
I will update my review based on my upcoming experience through a surgical procedure and aftercare.
As of now, I am impressed with their level of care and interest and feel as though I have made a good decision by putting my dog's care in their hands.

It has been several weeks since Jax's surgery and I couldn't be happier with the care and consideration myself and my dog have received.
His after-care was handled well and a long term care plan is in place that is not over zealous; ie super $$$ His ear issues as well as some discovered dental issues are finally addressed and under control after a 6+ months running around with other vets.
Do yourself and your pet a favor; Invest in a man and a staff that care about your pet and will provide you superior care and service.

I brought my 5 month old husky here for her first shots in December.
We made an appointment before and didn't even wait 10 minutes before Dr. Ensign came in to see us.
He made me feel very comfortable and was really knowledgeable about huskies and the type of dog food she should eat.
(She gets really bad gas, lol).
He also recommended a trainer for her, as we were looking to get the basic obedience.
Michaels Angel Paws uses the outside area for training and I started taking my pup on Monday nights.
Steph was an awesome trainer.
We also decided to go to the groomers here, (to keep everything convenient).
I've used other groomers but have been nothing but disappointed.
They are awesome as well.
Overall, Dr. Ensign is a great vet with great recommendations and a great staff.
I'll be bringing any future animals here from now on.

I had no idea my pets were going to The Motel 6 (not to knock the brand) of veterinary clinics until I visited Boca Park Animal Hospital with my cat yesterday and found myself in The Four Seasons!
This is the most beautiful state of the art animal facility I have ever seen.
It rivals human clinics!
It smells clean, is bright and sparkly as is the staff who were warm and inviting.
There is doggie day care, grooming, boarding, a pharmacy as well as surgical suites and radiology.
There could be no nicer place to bring your Lucky pet.
And as I sat with Dr. Ensign for more than 30 minutes learning lots about Kittyboo as well as my dog I realized I didn't even know the name of my former vets who were constantly rotating.
This is a local clinic with a local doctor who gives personalized service and clearly enjoys what he does and has a passion for animals.

The staff is very friendly and we immediately felt at home here, more importantly, so did our pets.
Dr. Ensign is amazing with the animals and talked with us extensively about his philosophies and answered all our questions.
The staff is very knowledgeable as well, and we knew our dogs will be in good hands here.
They were so relaxed, they even fell asleep while we were talking with Dr. Ensign.
Prices are reasonable and there is training and a groomer onsite.
We took our puppies here for a puppy visit a few weeks after their first visit, just so they could play and associate vet visits with fun.

WOW!
My vet appointment was by far the best vet experience I've ever encountered...and my dog is nearly 11 and we move often for the military so I've seen LOTS of different vets over the years.
The nurse and vet were both extraordinary, taking plenty of time to talk, get to know my dog, find out everything of his 10 yr history.
Nothing was rushed.
The facility is truly incredible and the front staff were so friendly and helpful.
I was given a tour of the boarding and vet facilities.
I have nothing bad to report about Boca Park vet and will definitely refer friends there.

My puppy visits the Boca Park Animal Hospital doggy daycare at least 4x a week.
He has a blast and comes home exhausted.
I am incredibly grateful to have found a safe place for my puppy to get socialized and have fun.
The entire BPAH team continues to impress me with their animal care knowledge, top notch customer service and love for animals.
We also see Dr. Ensign for his veterinary care.
Doc is a terrific vet and answers all my crazy puppy parent questions with a smile.

This review is for their boarding suites.
I had to board my dog over Memorial Day weekend for the first time EVER because it seemed like everyone I knew was on vacation that weekend and couldn't watch her.
I was devastated at the thought of leaving her in a cage at our regular vet (not Boca Park Animal Hospital), because that's all they have: CAGES.
I researched around and found Boca Park Animal Hospital.
I asked for a tour and they happily obliged.
I was so relieved when I saw that there are actual ROOMS for the dogs with enough room to move around and play in.
I was automatically feeling better about leaving her here.
The VIP suite that I booked also comes with three hours of play each day for her and a bath, all for only $55 a night!
Let me repeat that: a big room, three hours of outside time every day, and a bath for $55 a night!
Sold.
And perhaps the coolest thing is that they email you a link to a camera in the room so you can check on your baby whenever you want.
Honestly, I checked that thing like every 15 minutes.
I was very happy with the gal that took care of my dog (I feel so bad I can't remember the worker's name).
She was happy and welcoming, and just had a very chill vibe about her so that Olive would be comfortable with her.
PS, if you go on their website, there is a coupon for buy 2 nights, get the third one free!

I can not say enough good things about Boca Park Animal Hospital.
Everyone I came in contact with was super.
I took my Golden Retriever, Finnegan there for a nasty ear infection.
Dr. Ensign spent a lot of time with us and explained his plan of care for Finnegan.
Two weeks later when I took Finnegan in for a check on his ears I brought Gypsy, my Sheepadoodle too.
I was really anxious about her getting her immunizations.
Again, Dr. Ensign took his time and took extra precaution to avoid any reaction to her shots.
Prices are very reasonable...but you can't put a price tag on caring and humane treatment.
For my two babies this place is priceless .

