Was hesitant after I learned that organizing had switched hands this year, but the essence of the festival is still there.
Classic favourites like crepes, cookie stalls, meat and pretzel stall, and the ornament stall was still there.
There did seem to be a lot more stalls this year; but many of the stalls were repeats (I counted 4 of the same coffee stalls, and way too many mulled wine stalls all from the same company).
There were way less rides, and the skating rink was in an awkward position and smaller, so that it made it very congested to try and get to the stalls.
Saddest moment was when I realized the candy nut place was missing.
I will admit that it was much more difficult to find bespoke stalls, instead of corporate stalls, which is the whole reason why I go to the Christmas market... Sound like a bit of a Debbie Downer, but my favourite stalls were still there, so I'm giving a good rating.

Having enjoyed visiting the German market in previous years, I was disappointed to hear it had been replaced by a European market, and had changed hands.
However I went with an open mind and... my worst fears were confirmed.
All atmosphere and quirkiness has been sucked out of the market.
Fancy a Schneemann Punsch or Fire Punch to warm up?
You're out of luck - these stalls have been replaced by half a dozen identical 'hot apple toddy' stalls, all run by the same company, and look very commercial and branded.
The ice rink has been moved from the bottom of Princes' St gardens to a spot near the Scott Monument, creating a bottleneck where the crown grinds to a halt, and is possibly dangerous and definitely a pickpocket's paradise.
Other parts of the market had few people walking around when I was there on a normally extremely busy Saturday afternoon.
Ironically there was also a bottleneck in the area where the hot drinks stalls had been in previous years, presumably from people heading there expecting them to be there.
To end on a positive note, the stalls at the bottom of The Mound have been spread out slightly more than in previous years, creating more space, but all in all, it's nowhere near as good as in previous years.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it!

