My dog goes to daycare everyday.
She loves it.
She comes home dog tired and has learned to be more social.
She learns new training commands which helps to keep her a better girl for everyone.
I cant say enough good things about Ed, Amina and Rae for taking such good care of Dot while she is there with you.
Love the energy of this place.
This is also a place that gives Rescue dogs a place.
Amazing people doing amazing things for our fur babies in need.

We found A Puppy Paradise when they offered a Groupon deal, and couldn't be happier!
We boarded our active Boxer/Pit mix at another similar facility, and he came home with numerous scratches, and a bad eye infection that cost us $150 to treat.
At A Puppy Paradise, he is loved, socialized, played with, supervised, and treated like one of the family.
We have boarded him three times now, and each time, we get to see many Facebook posts with Max in them, and know he is happy, safe, and loved.
We won't board anywhere else in Vegas!
The owners truly love dogs, and love their job, and it shows!

I cant recommend A Puppy Paradise enough.
Amina & Ed care for your pups as much if not more than you do.
They show constant love and endless hours of playing for your furry best friends.
Whenever I'm away from my pup, I know 100% that they are in good hands.
I feel so thankful to have found this place.
They post constant pictures on the Facebook and even offer a live camera feed on their website so you can get your puppy fix throughout the day!
My puppy Jaxon has endless energy but after leaving A Puppy Paradise, he is asleep before we even back up!
I don't even live close to A Puppy Paradise but the love and care is worth the drive to me.
Thanks so much for treating my pup as one of your own!

A Puppy Paradise is AMAZING.
In the past I never needed a "Doggie Daycare" Either my husband or I were always home to care for the "fur kids".
Then disaster struck and I was starting a new job and hubby was out of town.
Ed answered the phone personally and calmly explained what we needed and how daycare worked.
Leaving my dogs the first time was excruciating.
But through the webcams and constant Facebook postings, I saw my babies were being very well cared for.
I cannot believe how well they handled my Chihuahua mix, Dakota.
She has a very small circle of friends and is extremely slow to warm up to anyone.
Amina and Ed earned her trust and love by the end of the first day.
As I eagerly watched on their webcams, I saw that any time they are not busy with Admin duties, they are with the dogs playing, loving, and interacting.
Because of all of the love and play, my dogs actually fell asleep on the way home tonight in the car (that has never happened before).
The relief of knowing that if i cannot be with my dogs, I have someone I know and trust will treat them with respect and love is amazingly comforting.
Thank you Ed and Amina for being so loving and trustworthy.
Your dedication to these dogs shows at all times.
Anyone lucky enough to discover this facility for their dogs has found a treasure.

The best place!
I tried out many local doggie day camps for my crazy labs while I'm gone at work.
This one tends to be out of the way for me but it's definitely worth it.
The only doggie day camp where they post multiple pics of your dogs on Facebook during their stay.
This was huge for me because I like to look at pics during my lunch break of them having fun.
2:free webcam access to monitor your dog.
Multiple dog discount .
4: it's not overcrowded like the others.
5: the owners are passionate and interact with the dogs.

Every dog lovers dream!
They assure that they fully assess your dog to provide the best and safest experience for all involved!
They were also nice enough to squeeze in an assessment visit so that we could drop our boy off the next day for a 3 night stay.
Nothing makes me feel better than seeing people treat our boy the way that we would.
Looking very forward to more time here!

Our boy was so happy when we picked him up from here, to the point that he almost didn't want to leave.
I am not on FB, however they posted pics and videos of his stay on Instagram, as well.
I found out today that this is a newer business, ran by only the 2 owners n open 7 days/ week.
Let's do everything that we can to help them build their business!
I cannot say enough positive things about this place!
You guys rock!

