I've been waiting for this place to open for a while now.
It seems many others were too, with over 3000 likes on Facebook before their soft opening.
Okay, number one important item for a brewery is the BEER.
Day one started with three very tasty beers (American Red Ale, Estrella Pale Ale and an amazing session beer @ 3.7% ABV,) on day two, they added an excellent IPA.
Yup, this place is so good I went their two days in a row.
And yeah, I said an excellent session @ 3.7%.
How they got this much flavor at this AVB, I've no clue.
So BEERs = 4.9 stars, and this is only the first batch.
Not sure what to expect when they really get to know their brew system.
4.9 was only because their were no guest taps and with the limited handles they have, they may never add (I don't know, gonna have to ask) But their beers are so good, I almost don't care.
Next for me is cleanliness, this place is spotless, granted it is new, Boom 5.0 Stars.
Service, oh so many people fail here, not these guys.
Plenty of staff on hand to deal with the crowds 4.8 stars.
Decor, this place is ultra comfortable.
I honestly thought with 3 bearded outdoorsmen opening a brewery it was going to look like the moose lodge or the Bass Pro Shop, but no... elegant pictures surround you as you enjoy your beer in comfortable seating with soft lighting showcasing the gorgeous wilderness landscape photos.
The colors scheme complements every aspect of the place and is easy on the eyes.
A variety of seating arrangements and selection are available for patrons to enjoy.
Ambience 5 stars and bonus .5 stars.
The food does not start until their grand opening on Sept 2nd ,2013, and they already have many things staged including the menu and condiment baskets waiting to be filled.
I'll update my review during the first week in Sept.
CHEERS!

As Gilbert's first brewery, AZW is the newest addition to the Arizona craft-beer scene, and this one immediately finds itself in the top tier.
The Little Guy Rye is the most flavorful 3.7% beer you've ever tasted.
The Refuge IPA competes with some of the best IPAs I've had, and the Estrella Pale Ale and Red Rock Secret are damn good too.
The chalk board shows a Superstition Coffee Stout in the fermenter along with the Bear Wallow Berliner Weiss.
Hopefully they'll be ready in time for the official opening party on Sept. 2!
So what's with those names?
With the exception of Little Guy, the beers are named after actual wilderness areas across the state.
Creative touch.
For now, they are only serving beer.
Until the kitchen opens there are some bar snacks and apparently food trucks scheduled to visit.
I'm anxiously waiting to see what comes out of the kitchen when they get that going.
The place is a good size, not too big and not too small.
There's plenty of room to move around.
The decor features dark wood and nature photography.
There is a self-service water station and a campfire corner with a few leather chairs.
One corner features the stainless steel fermenter tanks, and there are oak barrels and bags of grain and hops stacked around as well.
For now it's all indoor seating, but there are plans to add patio seating down the road.
Which is fine right now because it's too hot to be outside anyway!
Jon and Patrick do all the brewing and you can find one or both of them there pretty much any time.
If it's not too busy, both will be happy to talk to you about the beers on tap, and anything in the works.
In addition to their staples, it sounds like the plan will include a regular rotation of seasonal selections.
A good reason to make it a regular stop places to be.
For now you are your own entertainment, with just one TV over the bar.
So bring your friends and a board game or deck of cards if you want to make a day of it!
Despite being in Gilbert, it is really close to Tempe, Chandler, and Mesa, just a mile and a half south of the 60 on Country Club.
Five stars for the soft open.
Will reevaluate in a month or so once they settle into a more normal operation with a full kitchen.

I've already been here twice and headed back for a 3rd time and they have only been open (softly) for 5 days, thats how much I love this place.
If you are into craft beer and want to experience something new and upcoming, please check them out!
As others mentioned, this is Gilberts first and only brewery.
My favorite so far is the Berliner Weiss.

This is a really great place to hang out and let your day's worries and stresses fade away.
Great beer, great crowd, great staff and a great vibe!

Well folks, I've been waiting for this brewery to open for quite some time.
And WOW have they done it.
From the wonderfully AZ wilderness inspired decor, to a friendly staff and then the beer.
And oh is the beer ever good.
Starting today their hours will be 11am-midnight 7 days a week.
Head over and enjoy a beer and some good conversation.
What an awesome place.
Cheers!

The beards have done it!
This place is a cozy as a cabin, clean as an operating room, and as busy as the grocery store the day before thanksgiving!
There are about 5 craft beers on tap right now, giving plenty of options to find your favorite.
Do yourself a favor, grab a sampler, a bite to eat and take your time picking a favorite.
The food menu is short with just the essentials right now, but has intention to grow.
The Belgium fries cooked in duck fat w/rosemary are decadent.
The burger made with 70% brisket is juicy, flavorful and perfect.
The house-made BBQ sauce infused with Red Rock Secret Ale is a tasty addition.
So happy to have this in my 'hood and will certainly be a regular.
Get your growlers ready, Gilbert!

You can tell that these guys love brewing.
Great beer, really good food and spectacular service.
We appreciated the explanation/description of each of the beers.
The sampler is a great way to go to get a taste of each.
Very competitive pricing.
There will be many return visits!

What a great spot!
I can't say enough good things about this place.
The staff and owners obviously care about customer service.
The beer selection is basic to avant-garde...not too many offerings to overwhelm; but enough to keep it interesting.
We ordered a "flight" of their beers for tasting.
I thought it was a fun touch that you can see on a chalkboard the current in-process status of the brew-crew's various new fermentations .
The food selection is short and sweet, to maintain quality.
My wife ordered an interesting ground beef & ground brisket mix burger on a brioche bun, and I ordered the "frenched" chicken wing drummies with the tasty house-made BBQ beer sauce (not too sweet and not ketchup-y, two things I detest about most BBQ sauces).
Both of us enjoyed and shared.
Hand-cut fresh potato chip frites accompanied the burger, not salty at all, just delicious.
In fact, my wife said afterwards "that was the best burger in a really, really long time".
And we took home a growler!
The décor reflects the love of the owners for Arizona's unique and diverse landscape.
The beauty of Arizona's non-urban wide-open spaces seems to be the main theme here.
Another reviewer commented this place had a nice 'vibe", I totally agree.
No beer snobs here, just people who care about their product.
I highly recommend visitng AWBC.
Once you've tasted the beauty of handmade brew craft, you'll be hooked.

A few coworkers got there on a Friday afternoon to check this place out.
We each ordered $2 samples and duck fat fries... honestly these were not that good.
With such good reviews, we were shocked!
Soon things got a bit busy and...
NOISY!!!!
Man this place drove us crazy.
Not that it was jammed packed or anything like that, but just the noise level was beyond insane.
Perhaps because of the bare walls, windows, cement floor and the flat cealing.
Anyway, the reason we went there was for the liquids.... so all of us religiously tasted each and every beer they had to offer.
One in particular was honestly undrinkable.
OWNER: please offer free, tiny samples... All the other offerings tasted pretty much the same: abrupt punch, spicy melange with a strong and persistent immature after taste.
We all agreed to wait a few months before visiting again.
Primarily middle aged crowd with some younger, TGIF folks from the local businesses.
Not a place to relax and taste good beer with your date or your important business partner from Europe.... Then again, this isn't Scottsdale...

So I've been here twice already and it's only been open for a week!
Hubby and I attended the grand opening and literally couldn't stop talking about the beers and burgers all week.
It's pretty much seat yourself from what I can tell.
But they manage to notice us and get to us quickly.
Customer service is super friendly and attentive.
Opening night we ordered the 70/30 brisket burger and it came with home fries.
This time it came with rosemary chips.
Real cut potatoes.
They were excellent!
Both times the burgers have been cooked perfectly.
Soft and juicy and a little pink...SO good.
We have no problem ditching our plant based diet for THIS burger.
So this is a brewery so it's really about the beer right?
I'm not a beer expert or hardly even a beer drinker honestly, and the BWBW made me wish I had bought a growler so I could drink it every night.
It's probably the best wheat beer ever.
They had a few ales and IPAs that were quite good as well.
They said next week they will have their Superstition Coffee stout ready!!!
Omg...I'm definitely bringing my growler for that.
I love Superstition Coffee (no really read my review).
Yeah, I'll be back :) Well done!

I had high expectations after reading the first few glowing reviews.
I liked...
The service:  They were friendly, attentive & knowledgeable, taking the time to tell us a little about each of their beers.
The atmosphere: very comfortable, good music.
I didn't like the...
The beer:  I prefer hoppy beer, which they had none so we tried tasters of what they did have.
They we're all just OK - the coffee stout was way too java, the bitter beer tasted more like a sour lemonade than beer.
They didn't list any guest beers.
If you can't keep your own beers in stock - you have to offer alternatives to keep us hop-heads happy.
The food:  A very limited menu with several items "not available" that day.
I had a spring mix salad and wings, both were unremarkable.
We left hungry & thirsty.

I loved the limited menu in which everything was excellent--burgers, wings, and fruit salad.
Add some really good fish and chips, maybe a Guiness pot pie, and a couple more appetizers (Irish egg rolls?
) and the menu will be perfect.
The true test for me regarding the beers was the IPA.
The IPA made the back of my tongue stand up and sing Handel's Messiah, so I was very happy.
The coffee stout was interesting, but I can't believe there's anyone out there who would find the Berliner Wheat Beer even drinkable.
Drop the Berliner and add a good Pilsner and you'll have a very nice selection of beer and food.
Combine that with the comfortable atmosphere, good music, and great service and you've got a real winner.
Regardless, I'll be coming back repeatedly.
To the person who made the comment that this is not Scottsdale, most of us are very glad of that.

AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME.
A Friend of mine started working here and said it was good...... what an understatement.
If you are a fan of supporting local business at it's roots and getting the best possible product than AZ Wilderness is your place.
The beer will blow you away.
Better craft brews than San Tan or Four Peaks.
The ambiance may not compare but boy does the beer stack up.
There slogan should be "Like beer?
Go here.

I'm excited for these guys.
Visited for the first time earlier this week and was pleasantly surprised by everything: my IPA was hoppy, crisp, and clean; burgers were delicious and cooked to order; decor is far better than I expected; and the staff was friendly and very knowledgeable.
The food menu could use a little beefing up but I expect they'll grow it over time.
I'm ready to come back!

Great brisket burger.
I think it was actually one of the best burgers I have had in a long time.
Your choice of brioche bun or pretzel bun.
Great service from Meghann.
Out of towners who look for microbreweries.
Fantastic,  especially since they haven't been open too long.
We will be back  for their lunch special before we go home.

Mediocre beer at best.
I was disgusted to see one of the owners with dip in his mouth while working behind the bar.
Jon Taffer may have to rescue this place in the near future.

Four stars for the beer, the rest was eh.
It was crowded, we could not sit as there was a table of kids playing uno and many other children, in this bar.
The food went on tasted as they lack many veg options other than fries.
The beer it self, good flavors for the ones we tries, carbonation was just right and the sugars were well balanced with the hopps.

i love your beer!

We stopped in last night about 6ish to grab a bite and a beer.
I've been here before but just for the beer; which I enjoy.
However, last night we walked in and sat at the counter facing the bar and we waited and we waited and we waited and we waited for someone, anyone to come up and take our order.
We sat there for 8 minutes and NO ONE approached us.
it was not busy in there at that time, in fact there were several open tables and still 5 or 6 open seats at the counter and 5-6 open seats at the bar.
One of the owners was talking to one of the servers, the bartenders were chatting with the guests at the bar (I'm sure they could see us sitting there right in front of them).
We were VERY disappointed, so we left.
We really do enjoy the beer and we hoped to make this a usual spot for us to go.
But NO SERVICE after waiting 8 minutes on a Sunday night when it's not busy??!!!
Really?
I'm not sure we will be back.
BEER = LOVE,  SERVICE = SUCKS

Great food, service, and atmosphere!
The staff loves kids!
I recommend the chicken burger on pretzel bun and the beer-b-que wings!

Great beer selection.
Hand crafted brisket burger on a pretzel bun with grilled jalapeños and a fried egg!!!!!
Seriously?
Enough said.

Excellent beer, great burgers, and a fantastically friendly staff.
If you're in Gilbert and want a great mini brewery and food experience, this is the place to go.

Went to Wilderness for the first time to try out the beers and was definitely not disappointed.
They have a unique selection of beers, focusing more on hoppier and blended styles.
For example, they have two styles of rye beer, a "red special" which is a fuller bodied red ale, a saison, an "unconventional stout" and two types of pale ale.
My personal favorite was the Petroff Pale Ale; being one of the fullest flavored pae ales I've.
ever tried.
The red special and saison are definitely worth trying too.
The atmosphere is very laid back, possibly too laid back tho as the staff seemed just a little too chill.
We didnt really try the food except the pretzels which were great but the beer cheese was too bland and didn't work well in my opinion.
I would definitely go back for the beers but not quite a regular hangout for me.

I grew up in the area and was pretty excited to see a small brewery where godfathers pizza used to be!
I appreciated the atmosphere, its dark and fairly cozy but something was missing.
I realized after waiting over 30 min from sitting at a table to having a beer in my hand that the service was missing.
The stout was tasty but nothing overly enchanting, I've had far better but also much worse.
After finishing my beer I knew it would be too long before I got another so I decided to just call it a night.
It also seemed like there was only one waitress which is a poor decision during a Monday night football game.
My friends enjoyed their burgers so at least I have something to look forward to next time as well as their mango IPA.
I'm not sure if the waitress charged me correctly but $4.85 for a pint during happy hour seemed slightly too high for a beer that is just meh.
I also noticed that 6 wings were $7.95?
Im not a cheap bastard I guess I just dont see the justification.
I do realize this is a brand new brewery and I really hope this place finds success and can pick up the slack a bit because four peaks and San tan are already well established.

Ok so they've been open for a while now.
The menu is slowly expanding but I thought I would add some comments about the food.
Wow.
Not typical pub food.
They have a quality menu!
Everything is fresh.
They don't even have a freezer in the building!
The burgers compete with the best burgers at any specialty burger joint.
Delicious beef blend is my favorite but the chicken burger is surprisingly good and the black bean burger is an excellent option for those wanting to pretend its more healthy!
House made chips are a great side, but no match for the duck fat fries!
The only problem is they're so rich you really can't eat a whole basket by yourself!
I'm not a dessert guy but the connoli nachos are out of this world.
Again, so rich you have to share!
The wings are non-traditional drumsticks that are huge meat lollipops.
There's only 6 but there's a ton of meat on these babies and both sauce options, BBQ, and a sweet and spicy are outstanding.
I think a brew pub has to have both good beer (duh!
) AND good food -- and AZW delivers strong in both categories!

I returned on a normal day, and behold a table and service!
The beer again was great, I had a stout and it was all a stout should be, very balanced.
The food at least my veggie burger was not the best, dry and low on flavor a real carb bomb.
Come in enjoy the bearded men they don't bite and drink the beer, as for eating I would go elsewhere.

Returned 3 days ago - almost still the same.
This time we were there with colleagues from Europe who have extensive beer tasting experience (unlike me).
They were not impressed with the beer offerings but understood the limited experience of the brewery and it's staff.
The duck fat fries were still cold and tasteless.
The technique is simple: Blanche and put aside.
Deep fry only when orders come in.
Serve hot.
Add a little salt.
Serve hot.
Did we say: serve HOT?
Service was better than our first visit since this was on a Tuesday evening so there were fewer people.
Very attentive and efficient server.
Offered free samples which was one of my previous complaint.
Around 7:30 PM the noise level started to rise.
At that point, we had to scream at each other, which in turn, caused others around us to raise their voices even more.
The place just became intolerably noisy and we left.
We'll give them another month or two.

Been back around 7 or 8 times since the grand opening.
The beers just keep getting better and better.
Big guy Rye is amazing upgrade to the little guy Rye.
The Bear wallow Berliner weisse is also an amazing beer.
Nobody else brews a beer like it in the valley.
The enkel is one of my new favorite beers and I cannot get enough of it.
They will be tapping their Pecan pie porter on Halloween day.
This is a very highly anticipated beer they will be releasing.
I don't think it will last more than a week.
If you read this review prior to Halloween be sure to get here to try out this upcoming amazing beer.

If you are looking for something different.
Not your typical same ol' same ol' brewery, this is your place!
They are unconventional yet very traditional when it comes to recipes and styles.
They change out beers all the time trying new things.
I've not had a beer I don't like and I've tried them all!
If you don't know, get the sample tray!
If you are worried that their beer isn't hoppy enough for you, I know one of the owners, they have hundreds of recipes they are planning to roll out over the next year.
So if you haven't found your favorite, be patient!
The food menu is simple and the food is good.
The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable  about beers as most, if not all came from other brew houses.
Lastly I will say that this last time I was here, mid day on a Saturday, packed!
Not and empty table!
The only negative would be that I think they need more table servers.

Came here on a Saturday after I had contacted them through facebook to see if they were kid friendly...they aren't.
There's 1 high chair, no kid menu.
Checked out their menu, there wasn't anything on there that I could even make a meal out of for my son.
and get this, the waitress suggested fruit and fries as dinner options for my son.
Really?
No, thanks.
We ordered the street tacos, everything in it was cold.
Good for groups, couples and happy hour.
families with kids avoid coming here.
They don't have a sign up yet and it was a tad bit hard to find, the apartments behind them were shady too.
We won't be back, I'd rather drive to Phoenix and eat/drink at Ohso.

Good beer.
Average food.
Horrible service.
Ownership seems uninterested in overall experience.

A fantastic place with the best beer in the east valley

Nice atmosphere, friendly service, but a bit disappointed they had run out of their stout.
The IPA was good however and my wife enjoyed her Pecan Pie Brown.
Tried an order of their soft pretzel sticks.
Way too bready and over priced for the 3 pieces you get.
We will definitely go back next time we are in Gilbert however to try the stout and maybe a different appetizer or an entree.

The beer is alright, the food is mediocre.
Lots of kinks to work out in their first two months of being open.
Hopefully time will help them perfect the good thing they have started.

I am being generous with a three.
the place has the typical industrial atmosphere that I am sure get annoyingly loud if it is busy.
the staff was attentive but not very friendly (no chit chat).
the beer is ok but a little on the flat side.
the menu is compact and looks good.
I had the chicken sandwich with rosemary and thyme.
the chicken was cooked well but the rosemary flavor was a little strong.
even with the herb flavor the patty tasted a little bland until I added salt then it came to life a bit.
my friend had the brisket burger which he said was also lacking (he didn't add any seasoning).
the fries are fresh cut freit style.
they aren't crispy but are not greasy either.
they were also lacking salt.
the place is out of the way for me and there isn't much else around it so I doubt I will be back.

First and last time I will ever come to this place!
I was completely ignored by the waiter presumably because he thought I was under 21

Coffee stout here is my favorite, already filled growler 3 times in 2 weeks.
Duck fat fries with rosemary and thyme, amazing.
Staff is friendly, accommodating and passionate about the product.
Took my niece and nephew here and enjoyed a drink together.
My husband and nephew are fellow beards and felt at home in the wilderness.

Are you a fan of craft beer?
Well you found probably the most interesting craft beer being made commercially in Chandler at the moment.
These guys aren't shy about changing it up on a weekly basis.
The guys at Wilderness are true believers in session beers.
Little Guy Rye is a fantastically tasty, full flavored, low ABV beer hoving in the 3-4% range.
The berliner weisse is similarly low octane.
There's plenty of other things to choose from as well - nitro coffee stout, a Belgian dubbel, a lovely saison, IPA, pale ale, the appropriately named Big Guy Rye, etc.
Best part is their system is relatively small at 7 bbls, so these beers can go quickly at times.
New styles always seem to be in the fermenters and only a week or two away.
If you like varied beer styles that change regularly, definitely give these guys a shot.
The menu at AZ Wilderness is small.
However, what they do offer they do very very well.
I mean who does sous-vide frenched wings at a bar?
These guys do, that's who!
Literally melt-in-your-mouth, fall-off-the-bone tender chicken.
Absolutely fantastic.
The burger and chicken sandwich are both solid and the pretzel bun offering adds a bit of chewy texture that is nice.
They also now offer cannoli nachos for dessert that are amazing.
Highly recommend those with the nitro coffee stout as a great way to end the evening.

Dude.
I am so happy.
You know how sometimes, you go to a place for the first time and expect the visit to be nothing but great?
Well, so far I have received nothing but THAT!
AND they play hip hop:) NOT RAP---hip hop.
There is a difference.
Brewing all of their beers here, and when they run out--- THEY MAKE SOMETHING NEW.
Certainly a refreshing experience and I will be back.

If you like fresh beer, this is the spot.
Great beers, food and service.

The good: The beer is about as delicious as it gets.
Coffee Stout, you stole my heart.
And the beer-laced Thousand Island salad dressing is out of this world.
Give this to anyone who won't eat their greens and I guarantee they'll convert to "rabbit food" in no time.
The bad: Even though we went at an off time (about 4 p.m. Sunday) and the place was nearly empty, we waited a looooonnnnggg time for the food, and then, the salad, burger, sandwich and fries all came out all at once.
The waiter - who was totally on the mark on his beer knowledge - was not so on top of the basics.
It obviously didn't register to him that we might have wanted the salad FIRST, you know, like they do it everywhere else in this country.
But I gave a pass because the dressing had me smitten.
But the pulled pork sandwich was bland and the fries were badly overcooked.
And plastic utensils?
Really?
You pay attention to the super spiffy beer glasses and have the nerve to give us bendy, cheap, not-even-compostable plastic forks and knives?
If this were in a real food city, you'd have hairy-armpit protesters marching outside calling for your head on one of those chintzy paper-lined baskets.
The so-so: The ambiance needs polishing.
Looks dull and dated from the get-go.
The 1980s called and wants their forest-green tiled tables back.
And they really need to crack the whip in the kitchen.
If you're going to rely on such a limited menu, the burger should kick ass, but it was just OK. Well, really, all the food should measure up to the extraordinary beer.
And it doesn't.
Too bad.

This new brewery really has promise.
The staff was great and really friendly.
We sampled all six beers.
I like the concept of each beer being named after a wilderness area in Arizona.
High marks for their IPA.
I'm not usually a fan of the hops but this was really balanced and drinkable.
All of their beers had little quirks but I definitely like where they are going and what they are trying to do.
We only tried the duck far fries.
They were good but not super hot.
Makes me think they were not made just for us but sat under a lamp for a few minutes.
The inside area was pretty noisy, even though it wasn't that full.
I'd definitely return to try their beers as they move forward.

Love the location.
Gilbert needs this.
Like the atmosphere.
Staff is friendly.
Love the variety of beer and the brewer's willingness to make different beers than just standard IPA, Amber, etc (Though they still have those).
For example, the first Saison was delicious!
However, my "complaints" would be that while all their beers are good and I have enjoyed trying each of them, none have stood out to me as excellent or provided me with that wow factor.
Also, I know they are probably brewing smaller batches of beer than some of the other breweries here in AZ but I find it somewhat strange that they don't have a consistent rotation of beers that I could count on getting  every single time in addition to some seasonal or special brews..  For example, their BWBW or Little Guy Rye I would think is available at all times.
But its not.
Anyway, AZWB Co. is a welcome addition to  the craft brew scene and especially to Gilbert.
I have not tried any of the food yet but it looks and smells good.

Stellar saison, cool atmosphere.
Very knowledgable staff.
Hope these guys start distributing soon since this is unfortunately not anywhere near my neighborhood.

4 words: Momma Ware's Artichoke Dip Just order it.
You won't be sorry.
AND all their beer is delicious!

The service excellent, food even better and don't get me started on the beer.
Was a little upset that the Berliner Weisse was not available but now I am just nit picking.
Saison was very good and so was the Bierre de Wassail.
Go right now!!

It's not often that I find a new beer that I truly love.
We stopped in for a drink a few weeks ago and I found 3!
I can't even remember what they were, but they were fantastic.
Apparently they brew new beers all the time.
I love that!
We will definitely be back soon.

This is an excellent new brewery in town, and recently has won multiple awards stating that same fact.
This one is only about 3 miles from my home.
They have good food and great beer.
I have tried every beer they have and I have not discovered one that I did not like.
The parking lot is ample and the staff is friendly.
A lot of tables inside, a good size bar, an island in the idle, and a very nice patio.
If you want a good beer, and to support a local brewery, give this a try.

This is a great local bar and grill.
To begin with it has great service, and with the happy environment and the music it is very hard to be down in the dumps.
The food was top notch.
Got my order correct, and even though they didn't carry root beer... 5 Stars.

I'm excited to have the craft beer movement erupt in the Phoenix East Valley.
Gilbert's Arizona Wilderness Brewing Company is one of the pioneers spearheading this effort, and East Valley residents (like myself) have been eagerly following their progress.
I've stopped by this place on several occasions and had nothing but pleasant experiences sampling their newest craft brew offerings.
One particularly notable experience took place near their grand opening.
One of the house beers they were offering was an unusual sour beer known to afficionados as a "Berliner Weisse" style.
Most don't realize that although this is a wheat beer, it will strike you as highly sour, due to a step in the brewing process in which Lactobacillus (yogurt bacteria) are introduced.
I personally dislike trying to grunt down the straight, tart brew in its most naked format, therefore I like to drink it as I have had it served in its birthplace, Berlin, Germany.
So, equipped with my bottle of green woodruff syrup (a.k.a.
Waldmeister), I dared to quaff down the sour stuff... but this time tempered with a shot of delicious candy/herbal woodruff syrup!
This is the way to drink Berliner Weisse!
I shared my syrup with any takers at the bar who were interested.
I knew that I was in the presence of some scholared beer drinkers when I shared some with one of the bearded brewers at the establishment.
I hope that the next time they serve their Berliner Weisse, they offer patrons an accompanying shot of either raspberry or woodruff syrup.
It may sound heretical to suggest adding sugary syrup to beer, but trust me... it's as traditional as it gets.
Although I haven't had a chance to properly sample all of the menu offerings here, I am pleased with the duck fat fries... exquisitely crunchy and luxuriously flavorful.
A perfect snack to go with all of the interesting beers this new brewery keeps coming up with.
I love having the Arizona Wilderness in my back yard... especially when it allows one to "duck" and cover and camouflage oneself behind a tasty glass of bier!

I love this place!
I've never had beers anywhere that come close to the quality of what Arizona Wilderness is putting out time after time.
Add creative and frequently rotating taps, absolutely terrific food, friendly staff, a comfortable place to hang out, and a fun vibe, and you've got the makings of a standout brewery.

You know how you're at a party and you can't seem to get more than a few steps from the food table without circling back for Just One More scoop of the most excellent ARTICHOKE DIP?
Ya, it's like that!
Double dip on the First chip to establish your territory!
The chip to dip ratio is perfect if you break each chip in half and heavy load it.
Did the only thing you CAN do when faced with a local brewery and multiple tap handles - had the taster flight.
All tasty.
All lived up to their description.
END with the porter, its the dessert beer worth waiting for!
Think Local, Drink Local and try the Artichoke Dip!

Some of the best beers in this state!
All different styles bringing local ingredients to your palate!
Great food & desserts as well!
Good beer, good food and good people!

I love this place!
I wish it was closer to our house.
But it's not.
So we have to pace ourselves when we make the trek out here!
Fave brews: Big Guy Rye; Little Guy Rye; BWBW (Bear Wallow Berliner Weisse) My absolute go to brew!
AND in the fall we made it out for the Pecan Pie Porter.
Brett (one of the owners) explained all that went into the brewing of this fantastic porter.
ALOT!
It's a treat.
This brewery is not your typical and I love that.
It's clean and all the brews are skillfully crafted.
Build your own  burger.
We have had the brisket and the chicken and you add your own flair with cheeses, sauces, toppings and the bun, even.
We share because its a big one!
Love the pretzels and cheese too!
My only downfall is they are a little heavy on the salt.
I scratch it off and none left.
Not a problem!
Get a growler of your favorite brew because know this, if it turns out to be a favorite, it won't last long!
No worries, another one will be along soon to tempt your brew taste buds!

This place feels like "Cheers"!
(You know, the place where everybody knows your name :)  The beer is PHENOMENAL!
They use quite a few local ingredients in their brewing process.
Food is pretty great as well.
The menu is nice and simple and they usually have some kind of daily special.
This is our new Sunday afternoon spot!

The beer was ok, nothing special!
I think it has a good atmosphere.
But really only seemed to focus on sweeter beers.
Granted they were out of the blonde and anything else lighter.
We will try them again another time and re-judge!

Incredible place!!!
I'll start with the obvious, the beer.
I love that they constantly have rotating taps so there's always something new to try.
My favorite so far was the Estrella Pale Ale.
Unreal.
The Refuge IPA was good too.
Sad they're both gone already but looking forward to what they tap next.
Next the food, typical bar food but with some great twists.
The Frenched Wings are so unique and fall off the bone good.
The beer cheese for the pretzels is bitter and might take you by surprise but delicious as well.
By far the artichoke dip is the best appetizer, best I've ever had.
Lastly, the service.
For me, you come  for the beer/food but you come back for the service.
The staff is friendly, knowledgable, and passionate about their restaurant.
It's nice to see people genuinely excited about their job.
Awesome place, will definitely keep coming back.

Nice atmosphere but I didn't really like the Woolsey beer.
However my friend really liked the Blonde.
And the Artichoke Dip was delicious!!

Exceptional beer!!!!!
Great food.
My wife and I split the sampler and had all their great beers.
We also got the pretzel sticks and beer sauce...
Awesome!!
Also split the pulled pork on a pretzel bun with the fries cooked in duck fat!
It was packed and fun.
We actually offered our other two seats at our table to another couple as the wait was so long...
So we got to meet some great people there too.
I thought the staff was going to be a bunch of duche bag hipsters but they were great!
Glad we went.

Awesome beer and great food!
Mot much else to say.
beer lovers need to make it a stop along the way.
Rode my harley out and had an IPA and a burger.
Most tasty!

If this is your first time here... definitely get the flight of beers, and go by your waiters recommendation of which to start first.
Every beer gets better and better.
I've never had such a good experience meeting a great staff with such passion for greatly made beer.
This makes me want to move back to the Valley just for this Brewery!

Good food, decent beer, terrible bar service.
Girl with short blond hair behind bar was awful.
I'm sure this places gets better with time.
I'd come back!

Can't say enough about this place.
Have been here more than 4 times.
I need to remember to check in more often!
Great ownership, great staff, great beers you can't find anywhere else, and great food concepts.
WIN.

I've only been here once, but I can say that my experience was a good one.
They have a dog friendly patio (a bowl of water for the pups and dog treats), which was great for my friends.
I had the saison which was refreshing and delicious.
My other friends ordered the dark ale and the IPA which they loved.
I would love to come back and try some of the food.
I have heard great things about the duck fat french fries (from multiple people).
The servers are very knowledgeable and helpful.
They made sure that we were taken care of and that our glasses were always full.

Been hearing great things and went there yesterday for the first time.
I was blown away.
You can tell that the staff and owners take pride and care in what they are doing.
The beer was fantastic, crafted with a lot of thought and creativity.
Loved the Superstition Coffee Stout, and I love that they support other local business like Superstition Coffee.
The food menu was perfect and they are focusing in on doing a few things very well.
The burger I had was delicious and the duck fat fries where a perfect compliment.
All in all, this is the kind of relaxing and cool place that I could hang out all day in and work.
In fact...I think I might start hanging out here all day with my laptop to work :)    Great job guys, keep it up!
You've made a regular out of me.

Without a doubt this is the best place to get beer in the Phoenix area.
They make fantastic beer that you will not find anywhere else in Arizona.
When we stop in there is always something delicious to try or something on the way to get you coming back.
The staff here are exceptional.
They make you feel right at home and are always friendly and  willing to explain the beers and talk about all the fun and exciting things they are working on.
They have a simple menu of things on a bun ( chicken, pulled pork, burgers or veggie burger ), but it hits the spot with an ice cold hand crafted beer.
I will go on record to say they have the best Black Bean veggie burger in the area.
It's actually freshly made, no frozen garden burgers to be found.
All of the beer establishments and restaurants should take note on how to have a great place that you want to come back too.
Try:  - Signal Mountain Stout - Woosley Wit - Beer - Veggie Burger with Mushrooms and Beer Cheese - Veggie Burger with Green Chile, Cheddar, and BBQ sauce

The beer choices are unique and the food was pretty good.
Definitely not worth the wait because the service was brutal.
They were out of nitro so the stout was not available and they were out of lemons.
They were also out of flight glasses.
Overall it was very disappointing.
It took forever to get our server to take our order and the food took almost an hour to get to our table.
The refuge IPA was pretty good as was the Oaked n ordinary and the Santa Teresa.
The Arizona trail burger was excellent.
I'm not sure I'd go back except I really want to try the stout.

Host service was horrific!
When asked what the wait was, I was advised, "I don't know".
This happened on two separate visits (the 1st I immediately walked out on).
Server was amazing!
Knowledgeable, enthusiastic about the beer, prompt, and friendly.
Beer was ok and food was NOT good!
Had the fries with beer cheese and pulled pork, as well as meatloaf sliders (salty and hard).
I will not be back.

I'm torn about this place.
I love the food and the atmosphere.
The staff is also always very friendly.
The problem is the orginization and staffing.
It has a very laid back feel but when It comes to weekend nights it's a little chaotic.
It turns from open seating to a waiting list at the door, which is apparently confusing for patrons and not well managed by staff.
If they added another bartender it would help as well as a specific person assigned to dealing with growler refills.
Also, some more people cooking because an hour for a burger is obviously an issue.

Fantastic beer and atmosphere.
I had the English style bitter beer and the green chili pork sliders.
I wish I lived closer to this place!

My wife and I had a great time here last night...
I had the IPA and the oaked 'n ordinary beers,  both were very good,  the IPA was my favorite of the two.
The food is also very good.
If you eat here you must try the chicken wings,  very unique and delicious,  the meat falls off the bone.
The burgers are equally as good, best burger I have had in a very long time.
They clearly use very good quality fresh ingredients.
The place was very busy but the food came out before I finished my first beer.
I will definitely be back, an easy 5 stars for me,  I just wish it was closer to my house.

Great beer.
Great bar service.
Sucky service (ridiculous and unnecessary wait).
These folks need to figure out how to run a restaurant.
Three empty tables but host said wait was over an hour - didn't want to seat people because trying to go easier on the kitchen.
WHAT???????
This is not the way to grow a business.

Just waited 45 minutes, 32 for a table then got seated and waited around for 13 minutes for a server to come by.
Meanwhile the other tables were being tended to as we were being ignored.
Needless to say I don't ever want to set foot in this place not even if they give me a free keg of beer.
There's just about an hour of my life I'll never get back, RIDICULOUS!

Certainly not the best new brewery in the world.
Four Peaks easily in my opinion is the best local place for beer and food.
Long wait for a table and then an equally long wait for service.
Take a lesson from Four Peaks and learn how to handle crowds.
The beers-yes they are different but just because they are different doesn't mean that they are all good.
I liked the IPA but the berliner weiss was disgusting.
A real drain pour.
Food when it finally did arrive was extremely salty.
Giving it two stars because I did like the IPA.

Decided to try this place out after work for happy hour with a few work buds...
I really wasn't impressed.
First off, Parking was a bit scarce.. the place was packed.
Had to circle a few times to find a parking pace.
Got in and we were lucky to get a couple of spots at the bar as some other people were just leaving.
The first beers came fairly quickly - I tried the red Rock Secret for my first...
I wasn't particularly impressed.
A bit too hoppy for me.. Granted I'm not big on hoppy beers in general so lets just say it wasn't for me.. Perhaps it was good for a hoppy beer.
The second beer I tried was The Bear Wallow Berliner Weisse (Grapefruit version).
The best way I could describe this was that it tasted like vomit.
I did choke it all down though as I was paying for it and I'm not big on complaining.
Ugh.
The 3rd beer I tried was the Santa Teresa Enkel..
Which I didn't hate.
It was OK.
I'd drink it again..
But I felt like I could get some other beer just like it at any other bar.
So I wasn't all that impressed with the beer.
Like I said earlier.. this place was packed.
It was LOUD inside.
I think there was music playing softly, but over the roar of the people crammed in there.. who could tell.
I'm also not a big fan of a super loud bar.
Couldn't really have much of a conversation with the people I was with without really yelling at each other.
The service was hit and miss.. Good at times.. Other times the bartender would ask if we wanted another round and we'd tell her what we wanted and then she'd serve about 50 other people before she came back and asked us again if we wanted anything.
It was busy..
So I get that..
They try hard..
It just seemed unnecessarily chaotic in there.
Can't say much about the food as I didn't have anything..
It smelled good though.
Bar food.. $10-12 for a burger.. Other interesting looking things on the menu.. Not really a huge selection though...
Which isn't necessarily a bad thing..
I'd just hope the things they do have stand out.
I'd say if you're looking for a huge menu with options for kids, head over to Chili's or something.
One thing I observed while we spent a couple of hours there is how we mostly talked (yelled at each other) about great beers from other breweries, not the ones we were drinking.
Anyway..
I get how people may really like this place..
It just wasn't for me.
Wasn't impressed with the beer.
Not a big fan of loud crowded places anymore..

Very tasty beer and a staff that loves the craft brew scene.
Inside is a bit noisy and the patio a bit small.
But if you are looking to hang out with like minded people on a sunny Saturday afternoon, the vibe here is excellent.

On our Arizona Brewpub adventure, we hit the Phoenix area just after "typical lunch" time to sit down in Chandler and enjoy a flight of their 5 tap beers.
Space has a fun vibe, an outdoor patio with some good music * sacks of hops in the dining room and the brewing equipment right next to the bar.
Husband is enjoying the hoppy selections of beer while I am pretty excited about the Bear Wallis Berliner Weisse Grapefruit.
Light but tart - instant fan here.
Oaked-n-Ordinary bitter light wood casked - was really great too.
Service was cheerful,  rosemary on the fries made catsup completely unnecessary   House salad with chicken - which seemed like an afterthought on the menu, was fresh and satisfying.
Burger rocked.
Bobby sat down with us an helped us make a plan of attack for more Phoenix.
Thanks Bobby!

After hearing the hype we decided to give this place a try on a rainy afternoon.
The place was packed (which meant little parking and a 40 min wait) which is fine because that tells me there's probably something good happening there.
We were seated and the first thing you notice is don't bother talking to anyone in your group.
It's very loud in there so you just kind of sit there pointing at things.
We had a group of six and all ordered various beers.
I can't anyone was blown away by the flavor.
Red Rocket was ok, the sour beer was ok, the double IPA was horrible, wet barrel barley wine was alright.
Basically the beers could've been brewed anywhere, nothing really impressive.
We did order food because originally we were going to stay awhile.
Service was fine so I can't complain there.
But after being annoyed with the noise level and the lackluster beer it was apparent we were just gonna have a round, try some apps and move on.
One friend ordered just fries.
They had decent flavor but were a soggy, messy pile that just didn't look to good.
The artichoke dip had a weird bitterness to it, like they dropped vinegar in the batch and hoped no one would notice.
The pretzel sticks were good but the "beer cheese sauce" served with it was some weird, watery, sour foul tasting liquid that ruined anything it came into contact with.
Skip the beer cheese anything.
The wings were decent enough, meaty and flavorful.
And the jalapeño sliders were good.
(That lead me to believe perhaps the burgers are good there?
)   All in all, it was a disappointing trip.
The six of us all had been looking forward to the joint then the big letdown.
I don't know if we even were in there for as long as we waited.
I know the place will do just fine and I'm excited to see what they have up their sleeves for new beers.
Just some tweaking here and there and it will be THE place to be in Gilbert.

These beers aren't for the feint of heart.
Only drink light beer or wheats?
You probably won't find anything good here.
BUT if you're willing to get adventurous, or are all about beer to begin with, you will enjoy these unique beers.
Each one is at it's own extreme end of the spectrum.
You want hoppy?
They have the hop-iest beer I've ever tasted.
Bitter?
Their Red Rock is right up your alley.
Sour?
That grapefruit beer will make you cringe--but only after the first taste.
It gets better the more you drink it.
If you do happen to be a wheat-beer-only kinda person and you are dragged here, I would suggest the Enkel or the IPA.
The citrus in the IPA makes it rather bare able and almost delicious for an IPA-hater.
But don't freak out if you can't stand strong beer.
This IS a brewery, and I'm sure their beers change frequently.
Maybe you'll catch a completely new set of beer.
I've only visited the once.
We didn't try any food, just got a flight of beer.
There aren't any crackers or anything (which is unfortunate), so I would suggest grabbing an appetizer to cleanse your palate while doing the flight.
A couple of those beers can do some damage.
And keep an eye on the board.
They added a beer while we were there, and our waitress did not inform us.
It turned out to be a delicious barely wine that I would highly recommend not leaving before trying if they have it.
The service was great.
Our waitress was very nice and prompt, always checking up on us throughout our visit, and very accommodating as more of our friends decided to show up and leave.
The small establishment itself was very busy.
Maybe it's because they were just named best new brewery, or maybe it's because it's the only place to eat and grab a beer in a five block radius.
Either way, expect it to be busy.
But if you're a beer lover, the wait is worth it.

The 50/50 burger (I forget the name) and the pale ale together are heaven.
I understand they just won a HUGE Beer Advocate World Wide Award for their Beer.
That's LOCAL AZ Beer Baby!!!!
That Deserves 5 Stars!

Not terribly impressed with the food (the pretzel is great but I've had the chicken burger and salad and it was eh).
It's very loud and the service is spotty (we had terrible service at the bar and a great server at a table).
Only going back for good releases but we'll definitly eat elsewhere.

Hawaiian burger and rosemary fries were amazing after an 8 mile desert hike.
Only thing I thought was weird was you had to visit their website for their beer menu (?).
Kind of inconvenient in my opinion.
At least post It on the wall.
Regardless,  like Arnold said, "I'll be back.

This native-AZn now Portlander gives Arizona Wilderness Brewing Co a thumbs up!
It reminds me of some of the Portland breweries but back in my hometown.
The beer selection was great, I was able to find something for my dad who normally kicks back bad beer, and something special for me, the beer connoisseur.
The sour wheat with grapefruit was impressive and the IPA was a citrus hop bomb.
These guys know what they're doing.
The food was also very good, I am happy to see so many vegetarian options!
I went with the veggie burger, which came on a delicious pretzel bun and amazing house-made beer thousand island sauce.
The burger came with a side of house-made chips, so thinly sliced you could see through them, seasoned with sea salt and rosemary; divine.
Service was friendly and prompt, prices were great, decor was fun, you dont even feel like you're in a shopping center.
Will come again next time I'm visiting home.

Went there expecting to be blown away both with food and beer.
I was greatly disappointed with both.
Ordered the Flying Belgian pig in beer cheese, which was supposed to be pulled pork on fries covered with beer cheese.
The pork was tougher than I preferred, the cheese had great taste but there wasn't enough to taste and when requested were charged for the extra cheese.
I've been to many craft brew pubs across the country and have sampled many different types.
I adhere to the understanding, "All beer is good, some is just better than others.
"  I ordered their sampler, and was looking towards tasting some award winning beers, but only two would warrant me ordering them again, the Coffee Stout and Refuge IPA were worth the taste.
I know these establishments cater to a specific demographic, so I wish them the best.
The staff wasn't overly friendly, and we were hawked by staff to give up our glasses to they could use them again.

Excellent food here.
I ordered the Momma Bird with fries.
It was delicious!
As were the pretzel sticks.
The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable of the beer selection.
Also really enjoyed the atmosphere.

Goodmornin burger was dry, chips have no flavor, I'm not sure how the service was.
We didn't get any.
Then they tried to add other tables meals on our checks.
Never again.

Great craft beer!!
We've been here a few times now & will continue to support this awesome establishment on a regular basis!
We love craft beer & they have an extremely small set up, which is a big draw for us.
They only serve their crafts (and tea, I think) so don't go lookin' for Bud, Coors or any other watery substance...
This place is special & so is the love they put into their beer!
It is not for the weak hearted, it's real beer with extraordinary tastes.
Sometimes they have more choices than others & that's part of the fun... You never know what you're gonna get!
They have a decent menu with delicious burgers.
Yay for the guys who were successful in seeing their vision become a tangible & superb reality for us!!
Btw, there are many who feel this way, so it does get crowded & loud & you might have to wait if you don't go early.
They also have a long bar type table that is neat, you sit intimately with strangers which can be fun & interesting if you want to chat up new friends or just eavesdrop, hee hee.
Woohoo, this really is as good as it gets!!
:)  Go there & partake in the joy of AZ Wilderness Brewing Co. "Don't feed the beard" Love it!

Grubbed with the hubs here.
Good burgers & trying new bread pudding - not yet on the menu.

Came here on a trip through the Phoenix (1 of about 6 breweries we tried).
I had high expectations from this place based on word of mouth and seeing their reviews.
We had the flying belgian pig in beer cheese (beer cheese and pork covered fries).
The Fries were a little on the burned side, the pork was tender but not full of flavor, and the beer cheese was almost non-existent.
The size of the dish was great, but the amount of cheese covered *maybe* 20% of the fries.
Once you picked through the top layer, you were left with dry, overcooked fries with no cheese.
Kind of disappointing.
We also had a flight of all their beers on tap, which included the Little Guy Rye, Saddle Mountain Saison, Superstition Coffee Stout, and the Chiricahua Common (they had just blown one of the kegs so there were only 4 options available at the time.
This isn't a bad since that happens all the time and I get it, just a note as to why I only tried 4).
I didn't hate any of them, but I also didn't love any.
I love sours and the Chiricahua Common was one of the most unique/funky/interesting beers I've ever had.
There were many flavors present, but I felt like they were competing with each other rather than complementing each other.
Just something a little "off" to me, hard to put into words.
The Superstition was my favorite of the bunch...if it was a little more viscous and maybe a little more heavy on the coffee flavor, I would have loved it.
Overall a solid beer, but fell just a little short for me.
I can't say the brewrey lived up to the expectations I had, but then again it wasn't a bad experience at all.

The beer here is all brewed onsite, named after AZ hiking trails, and amazing!!!!
Try the sour beer, you will not be disappointed!
Service is impeccable and beyond friendly.
As far as the food goes, I have tried several things and it's all wonderful, and served in biodegradable plates.
My new favorite is their confit wings with the dry rub, I am pretty sure they are the best wings I have ever had.
And don't forget to bring your growler :)

I'm a huge local craft beer lover, and yes I already love Az Wilderness even-though I live on the opposite side of the valley from here!
First off this place is small.
There is a nice sizes patio that faces west but I would only want to be out there for real nice weather, not much shad.
We came on a Sunday afternoon right after a spring training game and were lucky enough to share a large table with a few people.
I've heard ever since this place won best new brewery in the world it's tough to get a seat.
We ordered the sampler and the brisket fries to share.
I was a little bummed that they only had 4 beers on tap.
They allowed me to pick another one to fill my 5.
My favorite was their IPA.
Excellent!!
Might be the best IPA I've had in the valley....I'm not a sour fan so that was the worst.lol.but the oatmeal stout was good and I can't remember the other one.
Overall good beer, I just wish they more like 7-8 beers on tap at most times.
I know this place is small but 4 was just not enough.
Lucky the IPA was so good I ended up having a pint and it was happy hour all day Sunday so it was $3.50.
Can beat that!
The pulled pork fries were amazing!
!, you need to get them.
Perfect to munch on while drinking a beer.
Moist and tender meat on-top of fries with rosemary and beer cheese on top of it all.
Sounds simple but it was truly great!
I will come back here, but I think I'll call ahead of time to see what they have on tap.
I live in Glendale so this is a far drive.
Overall a great local brewery and I wish them luck in the market.

So, I guess everybody is a restaurant/brewery/culinary expert these days.
I have been eating and drinking at AZWB for six months.
Call me a regular.
Their beer is an expression of the minds of the brewers.
True, it is hard to get the exact same beer month after month, so if you have a favorite, it will be a while until you taste the exact same beer again.
BUT, what you will find is: beer faithful to their intended style with local twists, staff knowledgeable in the styles on tap, and locally sourced food that complements the beers available.
If you have a question, just ask.
If the server cant answer it, there is definitely someone on hand who can suitably help.
Noise?
It is a bar.
After 5pm, the noise level picks up.
Deal with it.
It is very busy on Thursday/Friday/Saturday nights.
That is what happens when a noted beer rating company rates a brewery as the "World's Best New Brewery".
Kid friendly?
My 9yos like the build-a-burger.
Again, remember you are at a bar.
Adult food?
I like everything they have on the menu.
Again, the brewmasters have put their heart and soul in to what is coming out of the taps.
The food selection is better than just "bar food" in my opinion, and again, they try to make taste appealing foods that complement the beer selection.
They offer pairing suggestion on the menu.
Bartenders Chris and Matt are extremely sharp on the tap offerings and Brewmaster Jonathan will tell you anything you would like to know.
While I may not appreciate every beer "style" they embrace, I have not had a bad tasting experience yet.
Try one of everything, repeat often.

Cool patio with games to play so that you can just chill with a beer outside with your friends and dogs.
Loved the flights that came in tree trunks.
Food and Beer both just ok.

This is the easiest review I've ever had to give.
Their American Presidential Stout is superb.
Burgers and fries are definitely not your typical bar food quality either.
Exceptionally flavorful.
Waitress was friendly and provided good service.
Give this place a try if you haven't already.

Great and interesting beers and food.
Completely worth the trip.
A great experience from the staff, food and beer.
Highly recommend!

This place has so much potential and they really deserve two stars based on my last few visits.
The problem with this place can be summed up best by two words....
GROWING PAINS.
When they first opened I would have given them a 4.5 star review really enjoying the amazing beers they brew and the great friendly crowd and staff.
We got tours of the back of the house and you can tell the owners had a great sense of pride in their place and craft which they should.
As they have gotten busier and busier, the brewery cannot keep up with demand and when I went last time they had two beers left and one was an untouchable sour that no matter how I tried to like, I just could not get over the funk.
When this place is not slammed and has a full arsenal of their brews do not hesitate to go.
You will love it if brew is your primary motivation.
It's probably worth a call before you make the trip to see what brew they have available.
Trust me, if they are loaded up you will really like this place.
The food is pretty darn good too but on our last visit took over an hour to arrive.
We had company and were boozin so it was not that bad but if we were in any other restaurant we would have been pretty hot.
Recalling our tour when they opened, their kitchen space is very limited and I remember wondered how they would push out food at all considering the space.
They have done a great job with what they have but on a crowed night expect to wait for it .
Their lack of brews may cull the crowds a bit returning this place to its happy medium and allowing them to shine again.
Until then all we can do it not eat bagels hoping the place attached to it goes out of biz so they can expand  :P  Another option they should consider is supporting other local breweries until they can meet demand.
While I completely understand their beer is their identity and the pillar of the business, if you don't have any of your own, there is no foul in offering a Four Peaks 8th street ale for example.
No they may not represent you but offering customers something as opposed to nothing is not a bad decision.
You are also supporting the local brew scene and it can only benefit customers and profits.
A win for all.

As an amateur brewmaster, I will always have a special place in my heart for craft beer.
I had heard many good things about this place and just had not had a chance to check it out until last night.
What a pleasant surprise!
I do not remember our waiter's name, but he had a fantastic moustache and took excellent care of us.
We got the super duper flight of all seven beers they had on tap, and he took the time to explain each one.
Of the seven, I really liked five of them - but still appreciate the time and effort it takes to create the flavor combinations.
We also got the Flyin' Belgian Pig in Beer Cheese - which I'll have you know is cooked in duck fat... and just come on.
99% of the time, soggy fries are a lose-lose - but not this time.
Fresh cut fries, beer cheese (yes that's a thing, as it should be) and tender pulled pork.
Needless to say, I'll be back and absolutely love what this place stands for.
Tons of beards, love for the wilderness and passion for great beer.
I will go on a limb and say it is one of my favorite breweries and am completely stoked to go back!

This place rules.
Their beers are awesome, and their food is great too.
The staff is super friendly, and it has been consistently good every time I've been.
I really don't have anything bad to say other than I wish they sold kegs.
Hopefully soon though...
Check it out, you won't be disappointed.

This is a review from a wine lover.
Went here for a bday party and this place does not serve wine / liquor, only a few beers.
Just writing this as an FYI to anyone expecting a variety of drink choices.
Not a beer person....?
Go somewhere else.

Kudos to this group bringing something authentic to Gilbert.
5 years ago, nothing existed (non chain) in Gilbert other than JOE'S concepts.
We are slowly growing up as a town and the food offerings are getting better and better.
That said, I really hope AZ Wilderness gets their kitchen and service in order.
I know they really just opened and for the most part the experience was acceptable.
The place is jammed packed which I am glad to see.
However, Its really confusing and frustrating for both the guests and hostess team.
Two points of entry and groups are coming in and waiting on both ends.
Hostess team (especially given the volume) needs to make sure both points of entry are getting checked in and in order.
I know three groups coming in from the other door were put on list before me that should not have been.
Now to the food....  We were a party of 6, table was tight....  We made due while we nursed some WET BEAVER!!!
Great brew for sure.
The kitchen was SO backed up (note, this was at 2PM) that it took about 50 minutes to get our entrees.
5 of the 6 were correct, mine was not.
My order must have went to the BACK of the line as I did not receive mine for about another 20 minutes AND my fries (that looked like they might have been great at one point) were ICE cold.
The rest of my party was wrapping up and it was already late so I didnt want to wait another 20 minutes to correct another problem.
A pro would have at minimum checked with me to make sure everything was perfect since they made me eat by myself.
Not one "SORRY" well make this right, etc....  Not one "Your foods almost up"... nothing.
Lack of training i hope.....  We will give it one more try, I really hope they get it together.
Given they have a huge crowd, I really hope they dont just "settle" because they are cash flowing.
I really hope they dial it in....
If they do, they will really have something special here.
The food is really high quality (although I cant speak for the fries)....

Food is good, mostly burgers.
Great pork with green chili!
Pretzel buns... HELLO!
So good!

This place rocks!
The selection of hand crafted beers is to die for!
I had the Wet Beaver Wit which has beets as it's flavor yummy...
The saison was last weeks favorite!
...I bought a growler this week and refilled it today!
They locally purchase which raises their inherent value in my eyes!
Pet friendly, outdoor seating, this place can be really busy!
...but the food is worth the wait!
The fries are fried with a duck fat and some herbs!
Hamburger's rock!
The bacon... add the the roasted green chili's onto the good morning burger, you won't regret it!!
Staff is great, will give you tasters, recommendations and share in the fun!
Get over here it's worth the drive!

Wow!
Recently celebrated my bday, and the food here was awesome.
My fiancé and I halved everything so we could taste more.
The momma bird is light and delicious, great chicken patty that isn't dry.
The Arizona trail burger was juicy and awesome.
I've had other brisket blend burgers that are dry and boring, but this one was smokey and flavorful.
Also, since it was my birthday, I got the "birthday stein" which is $3 for 32oz beer.
I had the saison and it was quite refreshing.
We had a taste of the wet beaver pink beer which is made from local beets.
It was also interesting.
Their fries are fried in duck fat, and their chips melt in your mouth.
I'll be back for sure!

The beer wasn't as amazing as I had heard but still good!
I guess they had no sours and their aged beer(s) was not ready.
The duck fat rosemary fries were amazing.
For real the pineapple burger was over the top too!

Wow this place is awesome!
We found it by accident the other day when looking for a restaurant to eat at, I'm glad we went.
Their beer selection is nothing huge like Stone or the big name breweries, but what they do have is very good.
I'm an IPA fan and theirs was surprisingly awesome!
Most smaller companies don't impress me with their IPA like this one did, but it sort of reminded me of a San Diego style West Coast IPA flavor.
Most breweries I've been to in Arizona do not have the best food, but wow, this was surprising!
The fries were some of the best I've ever had; they are cooked in duck fat and sprinkled with thyme and rosemary, so yes upgrade to fries instead of chips.
I had the Arizona Burger and that thing was awesome!
Everything from the pretzel bun, the crispy lettuce, thick ass bacon, and perfectly cooked burger was impressive.
I would recommend this to anyone on lunch break even if they couldn't have a beer.

Loved this place!
The beers were excellent, the burgers were delicious, the atmosphere was perfect.
The duck fat fries were amazing.
It seems like the beers on tap are constantly changing, which is great.
We came on a Tuesday night and the place was mostly packed, so they must be doing something right.
We will definitely be back!

Really cool spot for hanging out for drinks and bar food.
There's a small outdoor patio that fills up pretty fast and a big space inside.
My friend recommended it because she was allowed to bring her dog and the place is dog friendly as they offer a drinking spot and treats!
This place makes their own beer and they only serve craft stuff not the commercial stuff like coors, bud whatever...my friend raved about the wings (and I love me some wangs) so we order the sweet & spicy wings, artichoke dip and pretzel sticks.
The wings were pretty fantastic!
They are not made like your typical wings but the meat was good and not fatty and the flavor memorable (I'm at the airport now and I can still taste em).
The artichoke dip was good but totally different than your typical artichoke dip because it had green chili mixed in which gave it a nice flavor.
The pretzel sticks were super yummy but I didn't care for the 2 dips they came with (honey mustard and mustard).
I tried 2 different beers: one was a grapefruit type thing which was tart but surprisingly good and a hef.
ambiance, food and drinks were definitely enjoyable so I would come back if I'm in town.

Don't even bother-apparently they do not provide parking for their clientele.
After parking in what I thought was all one parking lot my car was towed and damaged.
I had to wait 3 hours and spend $275 cash to get it back-what a racket!!!
NO STARS!!!
First and last time I go here

Amazing awesome beer with lots of beards roaming around.
Great vibes, great good,  with exceptional service.
I love the saison they have everyone once in awhile, I highly recommend getting it if they have it on tap.
First time here I grabbed the az trail burger.
Very tasty!
Get the Home made chips or the fries, neither are disappointing.
I get growlers on a regular basis.
I love the atmosphere here.
Loud inside and very peaceful on the patio, I like both!
Second time here got the duck fat fries smothered with pulled pork and beer cheese, and the meatloaf sliders.
Both were very delicious, but the pulled pork fries(forgetting what they are really called)....
Specifically the pork, lacked in flavor and was a bit water logged.
Seems like the fries and beer cheese made up for the flavor of the dish.
They just need to season it a lot more or marinade it.....
I give this place 5 stars anyway.
Because I just can't get enough

As promised, I did return to Wilderness Brewery to give it another chance to wow me into thinking why they got the award for "best new brewery in the world".
Well, I ended up having the sampler and tried several other beers that they did not have last time.
And yes, I was finally impressed!
I had some amazing beers on our last visit.
I did say that the IPA is amazing, really the best IPA for a local brewery here in AZ.
But what really got me was the Dos Cabezas IPA.
It was an double IPA that really reminded me of my favorite beer of all time, Russian River "Pliny the Elder".
Saying this is a huge compliment!!!!
This beer was fantastic.
I love double IPAs, especially ones don't taste so strong.
I wish they would have offered to get a growler of this!
We ended up taking home a growler though, the Refuge IPA.
On a side note, I sat at the bar and I accidently ordered the wrong beer for a pint after our sampler.
The bartender, wish I would have gotten her name, said no problem and gave me the one that I really wanted to say.
That was very nice.
Ok Wilderness, I have to admit that at first I wasnt too impressed with the beer...but this time I totally was.
I still wish that they would have more beers on tap, but I think becuase it is such a small brewey, they can't hold on to much beer.
This brewery is super busy on both times I have visited.
Maybe they will look to expand so they can make more beers??
Oh well, I still have to rate Wilderness towards the top of my favorite local breweries no matter what!

1st & last time we go there.
Started off with their beer sampler and we liked none of the 6 beers they had.
We were shocked, I've been drinking beer for 38 years all over the world and the only beer I don't care for is American Falstaff until I tried these.
The burgers were ok I had the AZ Trail Burger it reminded me of the burgers at Wendy's when they had the pretzel buns and my wife's burger was served to her raw.
Very disappointed 1st time I've ever left a Bar & Grill thirsty and hungry...

Cool little micro brew pub, and nice change of pace from 4Peaks or San Tan.
The beer selection is good (as it should be for a brew pub) and the food is typical style food.
Nothing to write home about, but not disappointing either.
The beer is where it's at here.
If you like IPA's IMO this place has one of the best IPA's in town if not the West Coast.
Try it out and best of all if you like it, growlers are only a fill away.

What more can I possibly say that hasn't been said already?
This place is KILLING IT!
I love coming here and only wish I lived closer.
The brewers, the servers, every employee is very accommodating and love talking local craft beer.
Their menu is pretty simple but we have not had a bad meal yet.
I'm a vegetarian and their homemade bean patties are awesome!
Please DO NOT skip the pretzels.
Do I even need to talk about their beers....probably not.
They will speak for themselves.
Get here.

Our server Tiffany, was great.
She took care of us and deserves 4 stars.
I had the stout.
It was pretty good, BUT it wasn't cold.
We were sitting at the bar so I know the pour wasn't sitting and waiting to be delivered.
I hate warm beer, yuk.
I ordered the pull pork sandwich.
It was ok, not much flavor I had to salt it.
French fries fried in duck grease was very yum.
The atmosphere was a bit dull for me.
I'd say the whole place was set to target an older crowd 50-60 year olds.
I wont be going back to this bar.
But if you are in the neighborhood check it out, just don't go out of your way.

This is a nice addition to local breweries in the Phoenix area (it's especially nice to have one on the far east side of town).
I came here for happy hour with a few friends who have been here a few times and really raved about it.
Honestly, I don't think it's AS good as Four Peaks or O.H.S.O from a restaurant/food standpoint.
It's kind of small & crowded, and I can't put my finger on why this is exactly, but there's kind of a generic/sterile feel to it compared to those breweries, but like I said, it's still a pretty solid place, and based on the two IPA's I tried I think from a pure brewery/beer standpoint it ranks right up there w/those places!
As far as the food goes, the menu isn't very extensive ( burgers, apps, and a few salads), but I liked what I tried, which included soft pretzels (w/a really yummy cheese sauce) & the artichoke/chili dip.
Honestly, the dip tasted like the same cheese sauce that was served w/the pretzels w/artichoke & chili's thrown in.
However, like I said, the cheese sauce was yummy and so was the dip.
The strength of this place is really is the beer, and when your brewery that's probably a good thing.
I'd definitely come back!

Really!!
Are you serious???
Why is this called Wilderness Brewing Company, when the food is as amazing, if not more amazing than the beer??
It is obvious the name does not tell that you get much more than you expect from a "brewery.
" The beers are completely unique, and the food is, without a doubt, fresh and made from scratch.
We came here on a Wednesday night...A WEDNESDAY NIGHT...and it was packed by 5:30!!
By the way, the chicken wings are not chicken wings as far as I can tell!!
They are some sort of gourmet, delicious chicken on a bone, that has been stripped of all fat and made to perfection and literally falls off the bone!!
If you do not try this place, are a total idiot!

Love this place, the beers, the patio, the beards!

Awesome place for great craft beer.
Food is generally delicious especially the belgian fries.
If they could keep a few regular beers consistently on tap it would definitely earn that 5th star.

The food was great!
The beer selection was a little different than what I was expecting.
Being from the northwest, there are breweries all over that I tend to compare all new places to.
This wasn't my favorite.
Maybe I'm just hard to please, but I do love a good microbrew.
4 Peaks is still my AZ favorite.

Impressed.
All the beers are excellent and full of flavor, despite being lower on the abv scale.
Habanero confit wings were delicious and well worth the price.
Duck fat fries were irresistible and delicious and crispy even when they cooled off.
Will be back

Just paid another visit to this brewery and I have to say it was a good one they have improved greatly in a few months (maybe trying to live up to their award for best new brewery)   The first time i visited the beers were just ok, too hoppy and kind of generic for my taste and the only good one was the Sour Wheat beer (unique, refreshing and very light alcohol).
I liked the chill kinda vibe and the outdoor theme.
Gotta love the bearded brewers :-)  This round i tried the coffee stout, the Sour wheat (called BWBW i believe) and  Dark ale.
Seems they always have 6 on tap the others were IPA style so not for me.
The coffee stout is one of the best i have ever had, so smooth and creamy and great flavor, it does have coffee in it so i should only try these earlier in the day :-).
The others we very tasty as well and have now changed my opinion on this place (before it was barely a 3 star).
I tried the rosemary fries cooked in duck fat and they were yummy, still need to go back and try the food.
It was busy around happy hour but manageable (early in the week anyways) and our server was good and knowledgeable.

I've been here a number of times.
Sometimes I'll come to fill up a growler or two and others I'll have a seat with friends and family and grab a bite to eat.
I've followed these guys since their kickstarter days so it was fun watching them gut the place and start from scratch.
I really do like their beer and have tried a few here that I've never tried anywhere else (BWBW for example).
One issue is that they're pretty popular now so they don't tend to keep a specific beer on tap for too long as they sell out.
However, they always have other options (4-5 or more) and I've never had a problem finding something I know I'd like or something I've wanted to try that's new to me.
As far as food, I think everything I've had was really good with the exception of the tacos.
In fairness, I did try their tacos after they were first released and it looks like they've improved since I tried them (follow them on facebook).
I think one of the strong points about AZ wilderness, besides their beer (I think they received an award for best new brewery in the world or something to that effect), is the fact that the owners are pretty great guys.
Friendly staff as well.

I came here after a long day working in the hot and dusty Arizona desert.
I'd heard they produced the worlds best beer, that they beat even the Belgians!
shit...anybody who beats up a Belgian is my friend for life.The place was packed but I was greeted immediately by the FRIENDLY Staff (CAPITALIZED because they have to YELL).
I asked for a dark ale but was given a Coffee flavored Stout.
It was that or an IPA- I hate IPA's more than Belgians and Germans, and Yankees, especially theim damn Yankees.
The ale was good but I'm not a coffee fan.
I didn't want to try all 10 of the beers on tap since I needed to drive back to my hotel.
But I do recommend Arizona Wilderness for the very friendly and knowledgeable Staff, the clean restaurant, clean bathrooms, and the food is pretty good as well.
I had a burger with cheese and bbq sauce that hit the spot along with the beer.Fries were fresh and salty and not overcooked.
I'm roaming the Arizona desert in hopes of finding more home-grown, cold beer.

The food is decent, the beer selection could be a lot better, and the service is adequate.
I find it very strange how a business that is wilderness oriented serves everything on paper plates with plastic utensils.
Not only is it difficult to cut your food with a plastic knife, it is just plain wasteful.

Fantastic place for lunch with a Friend or friends !
The place is slightly loud but that just means the place is hopping and peeps are having a good time .

This place is heaven sent.
The waiters/waitress are awesome.
They treat my dog like a human ;p  I bring my pup here all the time and they provide him with water and cold air!
The food is amazing!
:-)

Visited AZW on a Wed night; during HH... it was packed.
Put our name on the list for a table; est.
15-20 min.
wait.
Decided to mosey over to the bar tender and order beers; the patio was empty and it was 108 but it was shaded so we figured we could handle that for 15-20 mins.
The bar tender gave us some suggestions based on what we were looking for... the hubby was interested in a sour but she knew better to have him taste it first, it was not for him so he found something more to his palette.
- Expect a little wait for a table during HH.
We let the hostess know we were heading outside while we waited for a table.
A few minutes later more arrived to the patio and the next thing we know these massive coolers on the patio were turned on... nice and cool with them.
108 became very comfortable on the shaded patio.
- Don't fear the patio in the summer; with the patio coolers on it's nice out there.
We wanted a snack so we ordered the FLYIN' BELGIAN PIG IN BEER CHEESE for $8.99.
It was plenty for 2 to share; with the beers and this snack my hubby and I were full.
We asked for a side of ranch and the waiter (with the fun handlebar mustache) also provided some BEER-B-Q sauce (also yummy).
- Food portions are decent and the wait staff is friendly and quick.
With another visit my 4 star would probably change to a 5 star; I'd like to sample more of the food and the beers too... at this point - the rating is more like 4.5!

The brisket burger, chicken sandwich and pulled pork are all delicious!
I'm a total french fry girl but I can't get enough of their house made chips!
Their BBQ sauce is so yummy!
The staff are all knowledgeable in "beer talk" and super friendly!
The beer selection can be hit or miss, especially if you don't like IPA's.
I'm not an IPA person (I love dark beer though) and there has been a few times where there hasn't been a beer I particularly enjoyed.
If you do enjoy IPA's I think you are in the right place :)

Love the build your own burger and wings!!!
Go there and do not be disappointed!!
Get there early- piles of people come quickly!
Kid friendly, too!

A little loud but on the flip side- a great and alive vibe going on.
The beer is SO fresh and everyone working there is very happy and so helpful even when it is SUPER busy.
Anyone I ordered from was willing to describe each beer in layman's terms if you don't know what a certain style means, which I found really helpful even thinking I knew a thing or 2 about beer ;-)  The majority of the food we had was absolutely YUMMY!!!
We like to order apps so.... here is what we ordered: The wings have dry rub options which I recommend to avoid sogginess and then get a hot sauce in addition to dip into if you like wet sauce.
They literally fall off the bone as they are lollipop style, so tasty & tender!
The pretzels are super hot, soft and a great compliment to the beer with the beer cheese and mustard seed dipping sauces.
The pork and gravy covered fries were very much lacking, they aren't crispy and they were cold, the flavor was a bit off as well.
I will DEFINITELY be back- p.s.
I didn't have one but their burgers look ridiculous.

Fairly new brewery.
Hopefully, a larger selection of beer to come.
But burgers were amazing.
The manager is very friendly and stopped by our table to personally welcome us.

Another great night at AZW.
The food is amazing.
Always is.
But I bet you'll come here for the beer.
Their flagship Refuge is top notch and they always have a great mix of other beers on tap.
Be sure to read the stories of each beer.
The service is amazing.
The previous time we were here, someone in our party was a difficult customer.
The situation was handled with grace and empathy from the staff.
On this visit they remembered us (eek!
) and made sure to show us they were glad we came back (we will never bring the PITA girl again!
) I was amazed they wanted to make us feel welcomed - the previous experience was handled so well by them that I felt we were the pain!
Thank you Tiff for a great evening.
We will be back soon!

This place was just okay - extremely loud, festive atmosphere with a limited (albeit eclectic) selection of beers.
Ordered a burger with jalapeño and it absolutely melted my face off.
After the first 2/3 of the burger, I had to remove the pepper because it was unenjoyable.
The black bean burger did look sublime though (and not as face destroying haha).

Good beers, but I felt like there were limited styles.
Both times I went there I felt my options were dark beers and an IPA.
They were good, but when it's hot out a nice light lager or hoppy pale can be golden.
It looks like their taps change pretty regularly so I wouldn't be surprised if it was just timing.
They have vegan tacos for Tuesday tacos if you take out the cheese, which were pretty good and my husband enjoyed the black bean burger.
I haven't tried it so I haven't asked if it's vegan.
Seeing how close it is to us and the quality of beer, we will likely go back again.
Especially if we know when they are rotating their taps which they specify on their website.
With other beer spots close to us having the usual suspects on their beer menu (i.e.
Bud, Coors, etc.
) this is a magical place and should be appreciated.

One of my favorite breweries in the Phoenix area.
The food is great and the beer is awesome.
I like the burger with bacon and egg that is on a pretzel bun... delicious!
I am a stout and porter fan and I have not had one here that I did not like.
I know they have a small selection of beer and it is only there for a limited time, but that is what makes it special.
I had a smoked stout (which was one of the best stouts I have had) there a while back, and the fact that I probably wouldn't be able to enjoy it again, made me savor it even more.
I work at a hotel and every time someone comes into town that likes beer, I recommend this place to them.
It is a favorite of mine and several of my co-workers.
I do tell people ahead of time that this place is loud and can be very busy, so don't plan on a quiet evening out!

The first time I went to Wilderness they were out of a beer I wanted to try, sad but the food is amazing!!
The second time I went they were out of another beer I waned to try, sad again.
I will go back for one more round because the food there is great but not a fan of going to places and they are out of their own beer.
It could be because they grew too fast, but time will tell.
I still recommend it!

This place was outstanding!!
Really cool ambiencre!
You gotta have those delicious wings!
I ordered a flight of beer and the IPA and the stout were my favorites :)

Love this place!
Great beers and delicious burgers.
The artichoke dip is very good.
It's a small place and they are growing so fast it can be a wait sometimes but it's worth it.

Wow!
I had tried their beer at Tap & Bottle and wanted to check out their brewery on a recent trip to Phoenix and surrounding areas.
We LOVED it.
Their menu is varied and unique and good!
From their beer braised & bleu burger to french cut wings and green chile pork sliders we tried them all and left barely able to move.
And the beer!
We started with the Refuge IPA and hardly were able to stray from that.
I believe we sampled a RyePA too but the Refuge was our favorite.
We enjoyed ourselves so much on our first day that a couple days later we made the detour again so we could stop back in on our way home.
This time we filled our stomachs and a growler to go - and threw in a couple shirts.
Can't wait to be back.

This place is incredible!
Sit on the patio even in the summer with their HUGE swamp coolers!

It's nice enough, but nothing to write home about.
I went here with high expectations because of all the hype I've heard even up in New York about how this is supposedly one of the best new craft breweries in the country.
So on a trip to Phoenix I made it a point to stop in and try their beers.
I accidentally went during a World Cup match in which the US was playing, which was a huge mistake because the place was full of newly minted soccer fans rooting on the team and taking up every table.
So the staff was pretty frazzled and I didn't get a chance to really talk to anyone about the beers.
They were nice, though, and I can't fault the brewery for being busy when I decided to go in.
I really like having the chance to connect with the brewers so I'm disappointed I didn't get to do that.
I ordered a flight which included 5 of the 6 beers they had on tap.
Overall, I was quite underwhelmed by each beer.
There were not any standouts and I would not go out of my way to obtain any of them.
The IPA was probably my favorite of the bunch, but it's not remarkable any more so than the dozens or hundreds of other craft IPAs available across the country.
I had high hopes for the gose, but it was unremarkable as well.
It was refreshing and sour, but not more so than any of the other goses I can name off the top of my head.
I was also interested in buying a half-growler to take back to New York with me and share with beer friends, but they didn't have any growlers in stock.
Fine, I won't buy your beer.
*shrug*  The beer is good, but I would have been sorely disappointed had I made a special trip to Phoenix to visit this place.
Definitely not worthy of all the hype.

The beers are the most intensely flavored you can find in the valley, and I was there this week and had the Arizona Wilderness / Mikkeller collaboration peach porter available EXCLUSIVELY on tap here.
Worth every penny.
Weird but good!
NO GROWLER FILLS on that one, that's how exclusive it is!
The burgers are absolutely scrumptious and the duck fat fries are not to be missed.
Do you have a cholesterol issue?
SO SORRY, didn't mean to tease you.
The menu is burger dominant for main meals, but they have other GREAT things as well, don't worry.
The Frenched wings are pretty good and they also have hummus.
Excellent and mindful service.
Check out the website for the full menu.
Intense food, intense beer!
If you're a Scorpio, you need to get here.

I love this place so much.
When I plan to come here, it's literally the most anticipated part of my day.
The beers are so Damn good and knowing the get the ingredients from Arizona as well makes it even cooler.
The food is very limited with options but has always been great.
Top notch craft beer

The food is always so good and the staff works hard to take care of you even though they are always slammed.
The only issue is the noise level.
Also the rosemary on the fries...
But that is just my preference :)

First time didn't know what to expect but really like the place.
Service was great had the boboquavari blonde.
And had the good morning burger.
Fried and chips were amazing.

I first visited this place shortly after it opened up.
At that time it seemed just ok.
Gave it another try tonight; place seems to have matured nicely!
Beer selection was good.
(For the reviewer who was complaining the about lack beers that weren't their own...
It's a microbrewery!
If you want the mass produced stuff... stick with chain restaurants.
) Most of the beers were on the high alcohol % side so you may want to decide in advance who's the designated driver.
The Refuge IPA was excellent!
And the others I tasted were pretty good, too.
Burgers were also very tasty.
Service was friendly and attentive enough.
We will be back!

Really liked the both IPAs they had , and my husband had one I think was called rguy or something that was good.
We had pretzels to munch on for appetizers and those were good.
The service and atmosphere were good.
We will be back.

The beer was pretty delicious and so was the food.
I recommend the Belgian pale ale or the lil guy rye.
Yum!
The pork fries with beer cheese and the jalapeño meatloaf sliders were the stars or the show though.
Our server was a little bit of a space cadet, but overall we had a great time and will be back soon.

This place is extremely "meh".
After being hyped up by their "best new brewery" award, we were excited to try their beers, only to discover they had little to choose from.
Two were essentially the same and one was so disgusting I wouldn't suggest it on my worst enemy.
It tasted exactly like vomit, I kid you not.
"Intense flavor" is right - in a bad way.
Have tried many other breweries and this is by far my least favorite.
Would not recommend coming here.

Main Points: -One of the few southeast valley breweries -Excellent service -Good variety of beer  Review: Being a fan of craft beer, I decided I needed to finally try this local brewery, and I'm glad I did!
I wasn't sure if I was even going to get seating, because the place appeared to be at max capacity (the World Cup Final had just concluded, and the fans were famished), but I was promptly seated.
I didn't get a chance to try any food off the menu, as I was specifically there for the liquid bread.
That said, I ordered the extended flight which included all 7 of their currently tapped brews.
All were high quality beers, some of which were very unique such as smoked saison or the peach porter, made with locally grown peaches!
Throughout the visit, our water glasses stayed full and our drink orders were fulfilled swiftly.
I give AZ Wilderness a 5 because I like the unique variety, convenient location, excellent service & friendly staff, and the fact that they continuously come out with new beer keeping us in anticipation.
The one downside is the noise level due to the concrete floors and walls, but I'm looking forward to trying the food next time and their latest beer creation.

Beer: The IPA was just okay, while the double IPA was definitely better.
I have had a few more, like their rye, and their beer is not bad.
However, I do notice that there is not much consistency from visit to visit, as far as what the IPA will taste like or what beers will be available.
As far as being the most "intensely flavored" beers in the Valley, as claimed by another reviewer, I would have to disagree.
This place is nowhere near that right now.
That is not to say that they cannot grow into something special, but as of right now, they still need to work on consistency.
Food: Burgers.
Burgers.
More burgers.
If you are not in the mood for a burger, you have a few appetizers to pick from.
We opted for the fries (claimed to be in the Belgian style, fried in duck fat) and their artichoke dip...
Both were not very good...
The fries.... Look....
I have been to Belgium multiple times, specifically for beer and food.
These fries are not Belgian in any way, shape or form.
These fries were overcooked, and they season them with dried rosemary and thyme.
Like, a LOT of rosemary and thyme.
Who in their right mind would want to eat overcooked fries with dried twigs sprinkled liberally throughout?
It was a greasy, overcooked, twiggy mess.
Complete bullocks.
The artichoke dip, also bullocks.
It came in a disposable cup, and based upon how it was cooked, and the temperature differences throughout the dish, I am pretty sure it was microwaved.
It also had a very milky taste, and did not seem like a dip, but rather a collection of a few ill-thought ingredients that were not properly sealed together.
Overall, this menu is just bad, in my opinion.
Perhaps I will return eventually and try a burger, but I will certainly not trust the appetizers ever again.
The beer is not terrible, but certainly not anything special.
If I do return, it will be in like a year, to see if they have made improvements.
I hate to give a local joint a bad review, but I just did not like it here that much.

