Fantastic cocktails, tasty food, and a promising menu.
A friend and I stopped in the first night Heritage was open to the public.
The staff were eager and ready to serve, coming off last week's soft open.
My only complaint is that I'll have to return for a late night visit in order to try the poutine.
That day's Malort Thing incorporated lemonade and orange juice.
It was a surprisingly refreshing summer cocktail.
We tried the deviled eggs, which were delicious.
The beet eggs were wonderfully briny, the charcuterie savory, but the porchetta egg was amazing.
The half egg was lightly breaded and fried before being topped.
The tempura appetizer was incredible.
The breading was light and delicious.
I was especially fond of the string beans that were still squeaky fresh, but the bacon-wrapped cheese curds were a close second.
The nori-wrapped shrimp didn't excite me, but my companion thought them fantastic.
The kitchen is quite open.
Sitting at the end of the bar, one can see down the length of the bar and into the kitchen.
It's easy to see how busy the staff is, and glimpse the work they put into each dish.

Flavor bombs of flavor!
I went with friends and got to try many delightful tidbits of food, but I'm going to simplify your reviewing experience by sharing just one.
Deviled egg plate.
We opted for the six egg options which is twelve halves (duh, right?
but not what I was expecting, so, bonus) with four different combinations of flavor brilliance.
I liked the pink one.
It was pink, so I liked it in a heteronormative way, but also because it was pink because of beets.
It had roe on it.
Roe.
Tiny baby fish.
On a deviled egg.
Yes.
So in summary - are you looking an experience that will make your mouth go to uncomfortable places it hasn't been before but will be surprised and proud to realize it likes?
Go here.
P.S.
: There is a family-style whole roasted pig option.
That is all.

Top-shelf.
The food was great and the service was everything you would expect.
My wife and I recently visited to celebrate a birthday.
Heritage Tavern is a physically beautiful restaurant, and there is more seating than I expected.
For our meal, we requested the waiter make our selections, and she brought us plate after plate of delicious fare.
The deviled eggs, as others have noted, were very tasty, as was the pork belly and marlin sashimi.
The marlin in particular had a very pleasant consistency.
We also shared entrees, and together enjoyed panko-crusted salmon, and suckling chops in an apple-bacon-truffle reduction.
Incredible.
I've never had anything like the suckling chops.
We had a wonderful night out at Heritage and will certainly be back after my wallet recovers.

Lovely interior and tasty food.
Went during first week & got a 1st come / 1st serve table in bar.
No gluten free entrees on menu but they were able to come with a lovely punt.
Looking forward to returning to see the next generation of the menu & a few opening kinks ironed out!
Overall - highly recommend but call in advance for reservations or go early for a walk-in table.

Heritage is a beautiful, smart space with a warm, welcoming staff celebrating creative, delicious food and drink.
Madison is growing up fast thanks to establishments like this.
Great work.
Can't wait to go back.

My husband and I had an absolutely outstanding evening at Heritage Tavern to celebrate our anniversary.
Our food was incredible, every bite a complete treat!
We opted to share everything and enjoyed the Assorted Deviled Eggs, Wagyu Beef and Crispy Lobster, Heirloom Tomato Salad, Summer Sweet Corn Beer Cheese Soup and Suckling Pork Chop and Seared Foie Gras and the Melon Sorbet Dessert.
The standouts being the Deviled Eggs (these are not your standard pot-luck eggs) and the Suckling Porkchop with Foie Gras-intense, rich and decadent!
Not to be overlooked, the crudités and the craft cocktails which were both unique and fantastic.
The featured ingredients were all delicious as expected but all the vegetables and garnishes were so fresh and full of flavor there was a reason that we all but licked every single plate clean.
I would give this 6 stars if I could because the food was really great, but the wait staff is what really knocked this out of the park.
They were so genuine, attentive and gracious that we felt like VIPs all night!
We went to celebrate our anniversary but we certainly won't be able to wait until we have another special occasion to go back!
The late night menu looks very tempting.

I am so excited that gastropubs are the new in in Madison!!!!!
Came here on the opening night for my boyfriend's birthday dinner, and boy, was that a good choice.
Lovely logo.
Coming onto mifflin street you see several benches by the road and happy people enjoying drinks and food.
Enter the restaurant, you see a beautiful vintage layout, the chefs and kitchen are right in view by the bar.
Food is always a surprise when you visit!
I really wished I had the chance to try the roast pig but it was gonna be 25-30 pounds of meat....
Anyway this place is a heaven for pig and seafood lovers!!
I like getting 3-4 appetizers and snacks to share for 2 people.
Because the dishes are pretty rich, you tend to fill up quickly!
Things I tried -  Schnitzel: best schnitzel ever.
Great batter, not too oily and Awesome sauce Porchetta - huge sandwich.
Loved the bun.
Porchetta was very soft and done perfectly but a little spicy for me Lobster and melon soup (not there the second time we were there) Tempura cheese and bacon, shrimp and veg: awesome cheese curds but there were only very few... Love the tempura sauce!!!
Veal and pork meatballs - taste more like beef but the batter was thin and crispy like takopachi and the meat just melts in your mouth!!!
Pork shoulder/chop (entree) - awesome meat just melts in your mouth.
The sides were great too.
Pork belly and sashimi - sashimi melts in your mouth!!
Very fresh and tasty  Desserts: Riesling melon sorbet: a little bitter for me.
Loved the nuts in it.
My boyfriend and friend really liked it.
Chocolate tart: can't remember exactly what was in there but the nuts and chocolate were great!!
Drinks:  So far the cocktails are a little bitter and too strong for me.
Service:  Many familiar faces from other top notch restaurants in Madison.
Reasonably attentive and helpful with dish selection.
Heritage is rather hidden behind Bartell theatre, but just walk past it and you'll find the beautiful benches and restaurant!
Also, make reservations if you plan to go on weekends, they take reservations and tend to be rather busy!
I'm so happy for another gastro pub addition to Madison!!!

Wonderful tavern with a great atmosphere and service.
Their beer tap is a bit different than most capital bars which is always a welcome.
Food was delicious but cost quite a bit more than expected for the portion size.
Overall, a great place to check out!

After one visit to Heritage Tavern, this place has leapfrogged about a dozen Madison restaurants into elite status as one of the top two or three best.
The crux was when I ordered a cocktail off the menu, yet my lovely and discerning date asked for a limoncello martini--off menu.
After a moment, my drink arrived and I told my dining companion that she might just be SOL.
Yet after another minute, the bartender, Grant, himself shows up with a NO2-charged carafe and a tall glass full of lemon and orange peel.
He even checked in with her about exactly what she wanted and went quickly back to the bar for a fine tuning.
He then explained how this NO2 process would favorably compare to the traditional limoncello soak.
He got it all set up and used two NO2 cartridges for the charge.
The result was exactly the lively citrus essence that my beautiful spouse was seeking.
The food was thrilling and adventurous.
The dish with the sashimi, pork belly and foie gras was predictably rich, and too much after the few small courses that we'd already split.
Next time we'll back off one appetizer.
Yes, the deviled eggs were spot on.
The Wagyu and fried shrimp app was a revelation.
Heirloom tomato salad was so tasty.
Then the coup de grace was the bill.
We had feared that the elaborate custom cocktail would well exceed the cost of my $10 menu drink.
Nope--$7.
They probably paid nearly that much for the two NO2 cartridges.
Can't wait to get back and venture further.

Amazing dinner.
The roasted beet snack was probably one of the best dishes I've had.
Ever.
It came with roasted figs but it's definitely a must.
The heirloom tomato salad was okay, nothing special...tomatoes werent exactly ripe, it was lacking some flavor but it was fine.
The snapper was delicious, it came with grits and was a nice portion.
Cocktail issue.
My friend and I both ordered the mallort drink of the day, it was watermelon with ginger liquor, lemon and lavender, she wasn't a fan.
The waitress insisted she get another and charged for both...Maybe it was a mistake, not sure but it wouldve been awkward to say something...
Overall, definitely recommend this restaurant.
Great quality food.
Delcious.

Service was excellent.
Cocktails were creative.
Beet salad delicious.
The mussels weren't as moist as we hoped.
Apple bread very yummy!

Checked out Daniel Fox's new Heritage Tavern last night.
My husband and I ordered the charcuterie platter, pork belly with tuna tartare, and the peanut-oil fried snapper.
The snapper was the standout of the night - the flavors were AMAZING, and the fish was perfectly cooked.
The charcuterie platter was wonderful, but we thought it would have been better if we had more people - the pate and pot of meat were very rich, and a little too much for just the two of us.
The proscuitto-wrapped melon rinds were lovely, and the sausage was melt-in-your mouth.
The pork belly and tuna tartare were also very good, but again, the snapper outdid them both.
We finished with the apple cake, which had a lovely sauce, but otherwise wasn't too special.
The server recommended a lovely reisling for me, and my husband had a nice pinot noir.
We will come back!

Been here twice in the first month it has been open, and I cant wait to go back.
The menu is creative and hits all cylinders.
The portions are generous, the cocktails creative.
The bar buzzes, and the dining room is warm and inviting.
Don't miss dessert,.
I wont review individual dishes because the menu changes all the time.
Just know that this is a restaurant which means business, and you will not be disappointed.

I only came here for cocktails, so I can't speak to the food.
We ordered 4 cocktails in total.
The first 3 we ordered off the menu (a watermelon fizz thing, a whiskey based drink, and one with berries).
All of these were so sweet they were almost unpalatable.
My date asked to send back the watermelon one after a sip (to be fair the bar tender was extremely accommodating).For the last drink we ordered a gin martini.
The martini was pretty good, the bar tenders were friendly, and the atmosphere was pleasant.
However the sickeningly sweet cocktails really reduced my desire to return.

Venture a few beats off Capitol Square and you'll encounter Heritage Tavern--a rustic yet classy gastropub known for its daring flavor combinations and its bold assemblage of locally-sourced ingredients.
With an atmosphere that so radiantly captures both rusticism and class, Heritage not only fits itself into a category of its own in terms of its cuisine but it also does so with respect to its marked level of aesthetic refinement that comes to characterize the space.
Yet, unbeknownst to many is the fact that Heritage Tavern opened its doors to the city of Madison but a month ago in early September.
Given how flourishing and decidedly distinguished the new restaurant has become, Heritage Tavern's true state of infancy is quite impossible to discern.
Decorously furnished, Heritage flaunts booths adorned with untried leather, alongside tables of an amalgam of woods, all atop minimalistic deco tiles that contribute a veritable sense of 1920s nostalgia to the otherwise modern trends of the establishment.
Yet, in terms of atmosphere, Heritage in large part allows the buoyancy of its patrons and the culinary mastery of its dishes speak for themselves.
Glancing from table to table, it is rather easy to note the enthusiasm with which dishes are being savored and the vivacity with which boisterous laughter is being spread.
Both sensations are doubtlessly contagious, seeing as all inhabitants bear genuine grins of ease, signifying the level of comfort that such delineated surroundings incite.
In some ways allowing for such a heightened measure of relaxation in dining here is the fact that Heritage is rather dimly lit.
Individual spotlights of sorts gleam down upon the restaurant's wooden tables, illuminating the contents of each as if to highlight and microspocially expose the depths of flavor concealed behind the façade of each dish.
Regardless of the consequential exposition, the menu items at Heritage are so lavishingly bounding with flavor that catching sight of the entrée is by no means a requirement to the satisfactory enjoyment of the meal.
Tastebuds will be busy at work, decoding the exemplary flavor profiles of ingredients both  foreign and familiar.
Notably melding these two classes was the wagyu beef & crispy shrimp dish that we sampled.
The beef was deliciously prepared with a charentais melon glaze, and the tempura-style shrimp was ever so succulent and perfectly tender.
The roast chicken & truffled spinach tortellini that I had ordered was similarly phenomenal.
I welcomed the fact that the horseradish cream sauce of the dish was more reminiscient of an alfredo, and the chicken was incredibly like butter as far as texture and nowhere near being dry.
The tortellini component of the entrée and the gaufrette potatoes both added to the overall heartiness of the meal and were beautifully paired with pancetta, wilted spinach, and cardoon, making for a satiating entrée that's not slack on flavor.
Despite the wild flavor variations within and between each dish, each meal at Heritage encapsulates the overall farm-to-table theme of the menu that is very much so Madison's inherent specialty in terms of its culinary scene.
Similar to nearby eateries, Heritage Tavern reaps the benefits of its sorrounding local farming communities and their inevitable plethora of sustainable produce and ingredients.
While the concept may not be incalcuably original, I'm not complaining.

Rarely do hyped up spaces deliver during their honeymoon period, Heritage breaks that rule.
Hits: a happy, knowledgeable, and delightfully sassy front of house crew who deliver consistently tasty dishes.
Misses:  tight spaces to maneuver -but that is largely because the small footprint hosts lots of people.
(Good sign.
)  Hints: show up early and enjoy a lovely pre dinner drink.
Bottom line: go and enjoy that a new addition to downtown is busy and loud because the buzz is based on facts.

I've been waiting with bated breath for Dan Fox's new venture to open up and it does not disappoint.
A fan since his days at the Madison Club (my boss is s member), I have long thought him to be the best Chef in Madison.
My opinion has not changed.
My bride and I made our first trip to Heritage on the Saturday of Homecoming weekend with another couple--it was more than a little busy that evening, even at eight p.m.  We started with cocktails and wine.
That is to say, I had a cocktail while everyone else decided it would be safer not to mix alcohols.
I stand by my decision.
Grandpa Jim's martini is excellent, the lemon oil and riesling complement and contrast the oily (in a good way) texture of the St. George Terroir Gin.
Octopus on the menu?
I will order it 100% of the time.
The plate of perfectly cooked octopus was accompanied by crispy prosciutto and some of the most wonderful fried calamari I have encountered in some time.
We also tried the roasted beet salad.
Typical fare until you add confit of figs and shave dark chocolate on top.
I was intrigued by the notion of the chocolate when we ordered the salad, but it still caught me off guard when I tasted it: revelatory.
We could not help ourselves but to order one of the family style entrees for four.
The kitchen was out of lamb for the night, so our roasted lamb leg turned into roasted goat shoulder with tuna sashimi, roasted potatoes in mornay sauce, and bibb lettuce leaves.
I will talk about this dinner to anyone who will listen.
It may easily be one of the two best meals I've had in Madison in the last 13 years.
Bravo to Dan Fox and the Heritage team for opening my favorite restaurant in town.
Tears for opening months before I move to more northerly climes...  A note about the interior of the restaurant.
It is wildly changed from its time as Kitchen or Cafe Montmartre (I suppose a "total loss" fire will do that), and it is GORGEOUS.
My only complaint, to the extent it is even a complaint--the restaurant is very loud.
But that likely means you have a lot of happy, talkative diners.
Magnificent.

Made a reservation with my fiance.
When we got there 5 minutes early they said they overbooked and could wait an hour or eat at the bar.
No apology

Be prepared to spend a lot.
I was really excited to try Heritage after all the hype.
We had a group of 6 on a Friday night.
Didn't know they took reservations, so we waited in the bar area for about an hour.
Tight space, not much waiting room.
Only bar area tables are for "walk-ins" and most tables in the area seat 2 or 4.
Great cocktails, friendly bar staff.
The Angostura Sour was well balanced and the Aviation was delicious.
We ordered a cheese plate which was good (nice touch with honey comb), but overpriced.
Our waiter was phenomenal!
Super friendly and attentive without being annoying.
Similar sentiments with the food once we were finally seated.
We ordered some of the more odd selections (trotters and escargot, octopus and fried cocks combs) as well as some not-so-odd (deviled eggs, pork belly and sashimi).
All were pretty delicious, but felt like it was a bit overpriced.
Few vegetarian options.
I'd try Heritage again.
Definitely more of a special occasion kind of place, rather than a standard staple.
Looks like they change their menu frequently, which is nice.

I dined here during the 2nd week it was open, and I left somewhat impressed, but also left with a lighter wallet.
Compared to other Madison restaurants in the square area, this is likely one of the 5 most expensive places, probably around the same range as Tempest or Tornado Room.
In terms of the food, it's all pretty tasty, and the ingredients all taste very fresh.
I can't emphasize that part enough, as it felt like I was eating something straight from a local farmer's market.
Although what you get is good, the portions you get are small, so don't come with a huge appetite.
The same idea applies for their drinks.
I tried both a mixed alcoholic speciality drink ($10) and a homemade vinegar soda ($3), and while they were both extremely tasty and nuanced, they were small glasses.
The service was okay, but got worse as the night carried on.
We showed up fairly early at 6 and got served quickly then and got to speak with the owner, but when the business picked up, the service slowed down, but not too badly.
The place itself has a good atmosphere too.
A nice and new look that had some very fascinating lights and other things to look at.
One cool subtle touch is if you're walking up the sidewalk toward East Washington, you can see all of the cooks working through the windows.
I will definitely make more trips to Heritage in the future, but probably not too many, as I have a tighter belt on my finances than most.

We had our first Heritage experience last night and it was decidedly mixed.
Positives: Five star server (Kevin).
Craft cocktails (Paramore, Manhattan).
Dessert (Chocolate Tart).
Ambiance (mostly great build-out and vibe).
Not all positive: Food.
My wife and my opinions differed to a great extent.
I found most of my food overcooked and, strangely, lacking "pop" on the flavor side.
Trotters in Trotters & Escargots were overfried, dry and tasteless.
Escargot were completely lost in this dish.
Grilled Octopus were tough, tasteless and, again, this dish had nothing to define it.
My pork chop, to be cooked medium rare, was overdone.
No matter the source of the pork, if it's overdone, the quality will not save it.
Same here.
My wife had the Peanut Oil Whitefish.
She loved it.
I gave it an OK. She also found the trotters and octopus good.
We agreed the sheer number of ingredients in each dish is way overkill.
This certainly contributed to the lack of definition and focus.
Also, we had 7:45 reservation on a very busy Friday night.
Service was prompt but it seemed the kitchen must have been pushing really hard to get these creative and unnecessarily complex compositions out.
The (really) bad: Despite making reservations more than 24 hours in advance, we were seated at a two-top table that sits open in the midst of the main (side) dining room.
I believe there are 3 of theses tables and they should definitely be saved only for walk-ins if not removed altogether.
They are isolated from the ambiance while at the same time being smack in the middle of the traffic patterns.
Ugh.
Fortunately, Kevin was able to move us to a far better table a couple steps away.
Host was completely indifferent to our dissatisfaction.
Heritage may have eked 2 stars out of me if we had been forced into what would have been a very abbreviated dinner at that table.
TIP: if you have read the menus online, be sure to READ YOUR MENU at the restaurant because your dinner menu will appear the same but will be different.
Neither good nor bad.
Just be aware.
Of course Heritage is a great addition to Madison dining.
I am sure it will have a long and improving run.
We will be back soon, likely not on a weekend, to check on the food.
And PLEASE, not those tables for us!

Can't say much about their food, but they have some interesting cocktails.
I would recommend just trying things off their menu, because chances are, they'll all be pretty good.
The unique drinks list definitely lives up to the label of a gastropub.
The prices are higher than usual Madison-standards, but you're also paying for the atmosphere.
We also had some fantastic service from a very sassy waiter.
Thanks for the laughs!
Will definitely have to come back here for their food though, if everything tastes as good as they look.

Wow.
This place is amazing!
Super good vibes here; felt like a warm place from the minute I walked in.
I met a friend at the bar for a few drinks and was greeted by the Owner himself, Dan Fox (he's super handsome, ladies!).
Great, friendly, efficient bar service.
The wine/tap list are small but obviously meticulously placed.
I tried their Aviation style cocktail and was super impressed.
I did not eat here but saw a bunch of different plates go by and they are gorgeous!
The five stars is only appropriate because the bathrooms are super clean and very swanky.
Other places you might not want to hang out in the bathroom but I would've taken my drink in these bathrooms and stayed for awhile.
Single stall, however, so there is going to be a wait on busy nights!
Enjoyed my first experience here and will definitely go back to eat a delicious entree soon!

Wow, I was blown away by this place!
We had Dinner there on Saturday night.
Although you can eat at the bar, you better have a reservation or be prepared to wait for a table.
We tried a few drinks from the Bar Menu (still trying to figure out the Malort Thing).
Once seated, we enjoyed appetizers including the Crisp Pork Belly & Tuna Sashimi (that is one item!
), Gilled Octopus & Fried Cocks Combs (again, one item!).
The appetizers were terrific but the most memorable item, which strangely caught everyone's attention, was the candied bacon & slow roasted nuts (again, one item!).
The mix of the bacon and mixed nuts was fantastic.
There is a theme of mixing Heritage Pork with other ingredients which is quite intriguing.
The entrees were delicious   The Duck Breast was outstanding as was the Beef Rib Loin.
The Family style dinners were really interesting (Fried Suckling Leg & Chili Blackfin Tuna Sashimi or Fried Whole Snapper & Ginger Butter Poached Lobster) but since it was our first visit, we wanted to explore the menu.
Overall, their mix of flavors and ingredients was quite unique and on top of great service, drinks and appetizers,   there is still so much on the menu to try that I can't wait for a return visit!

Visited last night and it was fantastic!
I'm an avid Chef Dan Fox fan from his days at the Madison Club and was excited to check out his new venture.
This is a cozy welcoming and chic farm to table restaurant that met all of my expectations.
We arrived without reservations (oops) but were able to snag a table in the bar area.
Fun bustling activity and attentive wait staff made the bar table not feel bar-ish!
Our server Priscilla was fantastic as we perused the menu and ordered a string of snacks and appetizers.
The deviled egg sampler was phenomenally fun and original, without being too off the beaten path...see the pictures I posted (the beet pickled egg was my favorite!).
We also loved the soup on the menu that was a squash base with an essence of coconut, poblano peppers, and a reisling cream....yum (I posted a picture of this too)!
Their complimentary relish and bread tray was equally fantastic with divine bread and butter and a sampler of pickled vegetables.
We are already planning a dinner back with reservations to sit in the dining room with friends!
Way to go Dan!

My favorite things I've had at Heritage are the roasted beet salad and the "don't call me Alexander" ice cream dessert.
The salad was seriously amazing.
The macadamia nuts and the dark chocolate play off the tart beets very well.
The ice cream was boozy and delicious.
I'd come back for either of these any day.

REGULATORS ASIDE - VIVAT REX  Overview: Madison is a small pond and new big fish are always prey...
Hits:  delicious food.
Misses: pompous front of house and bar staff.
To that crew, I say it is the midwest - act like it.
Your guests experience less arrogance on the coasts than they do within your four walls lately.
Hints:  Go and enjoy, it is easy to ignore  pr issues and  bad hires.
Bottom line: go here for a great night with friends.
If regulators or staff try to ruin it, then ignore the irrelevant and enjoy your crew.

Best overall dining experience in Madison in a long while.
Great service, drinks and food for a special occasion.

Everything on the menu sounds amazing, but of the 7 or 8 dishes my party ordered, only two lived up to our expectations.
The duck confit and sashimi/pork belly/foie gras small plates were wonderful, but some of the others seemed to miss the mark flavor and temperature-wise.
The octopus in the salad was overcooked and tough (but the fennel was really nice), some of the plates were not very hot when they reached us, and the beer cheese soup was lacking depth and seemed overly thick and salty.
Atmosphere is visually pleasing and comfortable.
Beverage service was excellent, and our server was very attentive, patient and accomodating.
From the menu, this is the type of place I would frequent several times a year if I lived nearby, trying everything and enjoying the changing of the seasons.
Nothing blew me away though, and the acoustics made it hard to hear the people at my table, so I'm not going to rush back on my next trip to Madison.

Dined at Heritage Tavern Friday night for the first time.
I have to say that this restaurant is by far the best restaurant in Madison.
The menu at "Heritage" is simply to die for..." So many excellent choices, I had a very difficult time choosing what to eat!
We started with the Steak tartare and the candied nut appetizer.
Both are wonderful, but the steak tartare was divine!
Roasted beet salad one of the best salads ever...now for the entree's; my son ordered the canard duck, he is a chef and he thought this was fantastic, the preparation and the plating were superb.
I ordered the flounder, this was also prepared perfectly.
The whole experience at Heritage was professional and the timing between dishes perfect!
Loved our waiter Kevin, he is helpful with suggestions without being intrusive.
This was one of the best meals I have had the pleasure to enjoy in Madison.
If I didn't know better, I would think that I was in Brooklyn NY.

OVERRATED!
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!
Has the host ever worked in this business before?
Walked in & waited a good couple of minutes while he chatted with co-worker about the previous night.
We had reservations & multiple tables available but seated us next to another table....requested a different location & it was like they couldn't believe it.
I like the space but tables are tightly grouped & the whole dining area feels cramped.
Moving on......waitress was sullen at best!
18 minutes from drink order to execution for 4 drinks......yes, I timed it after no action after 5 minutes!
Ultimately, Waitress  messed up food order & barely acknowledged wrong entree.
Food was passable, but for those prices I would expect WOW!
Sorry folks, I think they believed the HYPE and forgot the execution.
I give them 9 months!!

I wish Yelp didn't have a rating system.
Heritage Tavern is an excellent establishment, but for me personally it was just okay.
Maybe I just wasn't feeling the atmosphere.
I went there as a four top and despite having made reservations, there was some wait for our table.
Their bar was super crowded, which made standing around holding onto our coats and not bumping into people super awkward.
I found the bartenders incredibly attentive though.
Despite the crowded bar, one of the bartenders saw us enter the bar area and immediately made eye contact and asked if we wanted drink menus, despite us not being right up at the bar.
Their drinks were yummy and well made.
Unfortunately, the dining area was also small and crowded and it took some work to get seated and around the waiters.
It was also too loud for me as I had trouble hearing my fellow diners across the table.
We had the deviled eggs, charcuterie, pork belly with tuna sashimi, grilled octopus salad, ribeye, and whitefish.
We shared everything so we were able to sample lots of different things.
We enjoyed the creativity with the deviled eggs, but we found the eggs themselves rubbery.
The charcuterie was good but I prefer Osteria Papavero's charcuterie plate.
My fellow diners loved the wagyu ribeye best, but I personally perferred the sweet and saltiness of the pork belly.
I found the tuna sashimi with the pork belly unnecessary though and would've preferred they made the pork belly a larger portion and made it into an entree dish.
In summary, it was evident there was care and attention to each dish, but there just wasn't anything in particular that made a strong impression on me.

Not a fan.
Service was slow and mistakes made with order.
The food was not great considering all the hype I had read about it.
I did like the decor but not enough to return for ho hum food and bad service.

Come one, come all to ye Heritage Tavern, where paupers & princes alike dine as kings!
You say that the foie gras dish at your local watering hole isn't rich enough for you?
Then we will add pork belly & tuna and you will be satisfied, says the Heritage Tavern.
You complain that your cocktail only has a dash of bitters?
Please come to the Heritage Tavern for a drink composed almost entirely of bitters.
More shaved truffles!
More candied bacon!!
More Wagyu!!!
More everything!!!!
Huzzah to the purveyors at the Heritage Tavern for their wacky refinement & delicious excess!

I only came for drinks, but I really enjoyed my time here!
The cocktails are really fancy, and we didn't know what a lot of the ingredients were but the bartender clearly explained the drinks, what was in them, and what kind of flavors to expect.
Then he asked me what kind of drinks I liked, and prepared a drink for me that wasn't on the menu!
He was a lot of fun and made us feel at home there.
My friend got Newton's Folly, which tasted like spiced apples and was reminiscent of a nice fall day.
I want to come back to try the food, since I have only heard good things!

Went to Heritage last night with much anticipation.
I have to say the menu is excellent (every dish we had was great), the décor is beautiful, it's a place I want to do well.
But, they really need to work out the details which are sorely lacking.
We had cocktails at the bar while waiting for our group to gather.
The bar back was helpful but the bartender just came up to us and stared, apparently assuming we would just speak up and give her a drink order.
She never once actually uttered a single word in the entire encounter from order to paying the tab.
We were seated promptly at a 4 top.
The lighting from the overhead halogens is extremely harsh and not until after we had the lights turned down (twice) was it comfortable.
The server (Erin M) had a personality about as stiff as the delicious cocktail I was enjoying.
We wanted to order a Cabernet.
They had one on the menu by the bottle and glass, sold out and no other Cab on the menu.
When Erin was asked to recommend a reasonable substitute she said she had no knowledge of wine and sent the host over.
His knowledge was similarly lacking, we ourselves chose a Grenache which was spot on.
By 10 pm both bathrooms were overflowing with paper towels.
I know I'm sounding nit-picky and none of my complaints are the kiss of death, but given the restaurant quality and price point I would have expected much more in the service.

My gf and I went to Heritage Tavern because we had heard great things about the place as well as Exec.
Chef Dan Fox and are supportive of local sourcing.
We arrived and were seated promptly.
The server was very attentive and ran us through drink options (there were no specials that Wednesday night).
Everything was going great; complimentary crudités platter and the perfect noise level for conversation.
Then we ordered the cheese platter, a $16 sparsely populated and underwhelming appetizer.
For comparison: At Merchant you get a very robust charcuterie platter for $2 less.
We then each ordered the Bouillabaisse.
I have to say, this was an extremely delicious entree and decently-priced ($27).
However, the almost hour wait to get it tainted the experience.
We topped everything off with a chocolate cake and ice cream combo that was very moist, light, and delicious.
Final Thoughts: Good food but I did not think that it lived up to the over $130 final bill.
Call me cheap, but if I spend over $100 on a meal for two, I want everything to be on point.
If you're the type of person who can spend that much and not be upset about some lackluster features to the meal, go for it.
If not, I recommend coming and sticking to the bar.
Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves over there.

Very good food.
Excellent cocktails.
Fantastic wait-service.
Wifequist and I recently visited to take in an early Valentine's Day date (my wife encouraged me to go have a weekend-long bender with high school friends instead of staying in Madison for Valentine's Day -- lucky, I know).
We settled into an attractive booth near the entrance.
I was pleasantly surprised to see the ample seating, the beautiful layout of the restaurant, and the view of the patriarch of Heritage making delectable items the kitchen.
The cocktails were varied and all looked very good -- I settled for a Manhattan, which quickly turned into two.
Alongside my delicious drink was a bowl of their Candied Bacon & Spiced Nuts as well as a plate of the Tempura (bacon-wrapped cheese curds [what?!?!?
], aori-wrapped shrimp, and truffled fish sauce), both of which was very good.
For my main course, I had the Pistachio Citrus-Crusted Grouper, and was amazed at the rich flavor of the fish that seemingly melted in my mouth.
I wish I could delve more into the complex flavors that accompanied each bite, but let me just focus on what I know: it was goooood.
Mix all of that together with our fabulous waitress Genna (Jenna?
) and you have a night to remember.
Definitely coming back!

Fantastic cocktails.
Great waitstaff.
Amazing food.
I went into Heritage Tavern for the first time right before the new year.
I had (if I recall correctly) a "cold-weather gin and tonic" and it was literally the best drink I have ever had.
I love gin and tonics, but when you can winterize what is typically a summer time beverage, you have my vote.
We started the evening off with ordering a half-dozen of the deviled eggs.
3 varieties were included in the half dozen; one made with beets (good, but our least favorite), one made with bacon (better, but not really original), and the Asian inspired one with crispy rice (Yes, yes, and YES).
We then ordered a cheese tray to share.
Between the deviled eggs and the cheese tray, we knew we wanted to try an entree but figured it wise to share one.
We split the pork schnitzel entree.
Pig is definitely where Dan Fox shines.
The pork was perfect; he managed to make a faux-vegetarian question her beliefs.
The staff was attentive and quick to offer a suggestion.
Will be back.
Soon.

This place has a lot of potential - I like the atmosphere and they have some amazing cocktails.
There are some interesting things on the menu.
We tried the leb of lamb - it was really good but a ton of food - I felt very wasteful for just 4 people.
I'd like to go again as just a couple and try it.

Very worth it.
Heritage does a number of things very well.
First off, please have the culatello salad.
Big nod to the chef for including the truffle of the cured meat world and even more respect for slicing the meat properly-good and thin.
The deviled eggs are interesting and a saavy way to meld haute cuisine with Wisco charm and culture.
Bravo.
Two things not to miss in my view are the porchetta sandwich and the tomahawk pork chop.
Children of Abraham, make an exception for these dishes-fantastic.
The chop is not terribly thick like your usual pork chop and the grill is perfect.
Parts closer to the bone are crispy and the meaty parts are very tender.
It's quite a feat.
The sandwich is a simpler dish but delicious and perfect if you want a slightly smaller portion allowing you peruse other items.
All in all, a great addition to the Madison scene that manages to produce excellent cuisine without falling victim to too much bougieness that occasionally puts good ideas out of business (ah em Magnus).

The meatballs are amazing.
The entrees are great.
Interesting, delicious cocktails.
Nice atmosphere.
The service was good and the staff friendly.
It's a great place for a date night or just a satisfying, delicious dinner.

Tonight, I had the wagyu beef chuck roast.
It was perfect.
It was so good, I fed a bite to a random pregnant lady sitting at the bar next to me.
It was so good, I starting texting people to tell them about it.
It was so good, it warranted a 5 star yelp review.
Even if you don't order the wagyu beef (you fool!
), you will love the cocktails, your server Kevin, and anything you order off the menu, which will most likely be made of pork.
Get ready for a fatty, heavy, rich experience followed by a blissful food coma.

Move over Tory Miller.
Move over UFC.
There's a new kid in town - Mr. Dan Fox, and he means business.
Wow.
What an unbelievable experience.
I was here for the Yelp elite event back in January and had a blast.
I was so impressed and amazed by the food we had that night that I couldn't wait to return for a "normal" meal.
We arrived around 7:00pm on Thursday, March 6.
+ Prompt seating in the bar area, per the hostess's recommendation.
The main dining area had a large group that was ridiculously loud.
The bar was much more cozy.
+ Server, Kevin, arrived promptly and took our drink orders + Cocktail arrived very quickly - Beer took forever to arrive; we received our first appetizer before the first beer arrived  + Beet salad -- OMG.
This is a masterpiece of a dish.
Earthy, briny, rich.
Everything you'd want in a dish, and then some.
+ Lamb tartar -- OMG.
You haven't lived until you've had lamb tartar.
Delicate, creamy, and just superb.
The house made chips were awesome.
+ Shrimp and red-curry soup -- Yep, another OMG.
Velvety smooth, full bodied, nice heat, and perfectly cooked soup.
Kudos to the kitchen for seamlessly splitting the single order into two perfectly sized bowls.
Thank you!
+ Roasted brussels sprouts - I'll spare you... the addition of bacon and the slightly beefy/tart glaze made this an excellent dish.
The sprouts were roasted to absolute perfection; nice char, yet still slightly al dente.
+ Dessert - wow.
We had the raspberry caramel puffs; picture three slider-sized puff pastries (like eau claires), filled with raspberry ice cream and topped with caramel glaze.
- Kevin was friendly but a bit slow with the beers for some reason.
As mentioned, the cocktails (we ordered 4-5 total) always arrived promptly, yet the beers took 2-3x longer to arrive.
Seemed odd.
As the night wound down, Dan Fox came out and said a few words to each table - thanked everyone for visiting, shared a little about the evening's events, and then wished everyone well.
The house music turned-up a bit, which was perfect.
The entire meal was an absolute bargain; we stayed for about 4 hours, had plenty of food and drink, left a healthy tip, and left completely happy and satisfied.
This place is a treasure.
Great work!!

Creative dishes, fresh ingredients, I could type a hundred words of praise and still not adequately describe how good the food is here.
Just go and give it a try.

The place is beautiful, service is great and the plating of the food is top noch.
I think I am in the minority because the place was busy but I thought the menu was limited and the food was just OK.
It might just be to fancy for my taste.
I also thought the prices were steep but sometimes you need to pay for the art of the food.

I am not sure what the food is like but the hostess was rude and condescending.
We showed up at 5:10 on a Monday evening.
We were treated to a lecture about not having reservations; not once but two times by the same person.
If you can seat someone then do so graciously, I am not there to be lectured that I did not have reservations.
We did not stay, and we will not return.
The menu looks interesting but I guess you need reservations.

Wow, could have been one of the best meals I have had in 2014!
Perfect combination of flavors, textures, seasonal selections.
Great bartender and outstanding and well executed cocktail menu.
Server said the whitefish we had Tuesday was caught on Saturday -- so fresh and layered with multiple flavors.
Roasted beet and pear starter could have been served in the best restaurant in N.Y.   Love the use of Mac nuts and Asian flavors throughout menu.
Smart to partner with Batch bread on bread.
Flourless chocolate cake was outstanding and generous portion.
Chef came out and thanked us for our small group business -- totally not expected.
This is easily the best restaurant in Madison, though still love Forequarter.
No wonder it was jammed on Tuesday night.
Well done, Heritage -- will be back!

Top 3 high/lowlights   1) unique menu 2) intimate atmosphere 3) great wine selection  Had dinner with some co-workers on Tuesday night at Heritage Tavern.
We made a reservation and were seated right away.
They have a coat check which is really nice in the winter.
There is enough room for you to move around here while still keeping the atmosphere really intimate.
Heritage has a  unique drink and dinner menu (with a lot of ingredients I have never heard of!).
I got a cider (they have one on tap!).
We also got a bunch of appetizers including a meat and cheese plate, lamb tartare, and the shrimp tempura.
The meat and cheese plate included pickled watermelon rinds which I had never had before, I thought they were good but definitely not for everyone I was with.
The lamb tartare was served with potato chips and the combination was great.
I didn't eat the tempura (as you can expect it's not gluten free) but everyone at the table really liked it, especially since it came with deep fried, bacon wrapped cheese curds.
The menu has vegetarian and gluten free options clearly labeled.
I had the chicken with crawfish cream sauce (gluten free!
) for my entree and really enjoyed it.
We were really impressed with the wine list as well.
Only downside of Heritage Tavern is that the service is kind of slow.
Our server kept leaving before anyone could ask her a question/order another drink, and it took a long time for our credit card to picked up.

Although it is expensive, it is a great place for a special occasion.
The deviled eggs are mad genius flavor profiles; the Asian was my favorite, hits all the flavor notes.
We both ordered the Wagyu beef and we were both happy we did so we didn't have to share.
The beef was tender and full of flavor.
The side of Brussels sprouts was delicious and large enough to share.
The chocolate cake with beet chips and ice cream was the only disappointment of the meal.
The cake was more like a dense brownie and the ice cream was more icy than cream.
The beet chip was the best part of the dish.
Service was good and pleasant.
We will be back again!

We had heard good things so my wife and I were excited to try Heritage last night.
Bottom line is that we were very disappointed in both the service and the food.
We showed up a little before 7 without reservations and we were seated right away.
At the time the restaurant was 50% full.
We order two glasses of wine and waited at least 15 minutes before the were eventually delivered.
No apology from waitress for taking too long, just a blank stare when we expressed our frustration.
While waiting, we observed that the restaurant is run by college kids with clearly very little service experience.
I have no problem with that at most places in Madison, but not where entrees run $25-$30+.
If you want to charge big-boy prices, hire big-boy servers/managers.
Food was WAY too salty and greasy.
The tempura appetizer was inedible and we sent it back after one bite each.
Batter had no taste, the oil clearly wasn't hot enough when fried because it was a hot, oily mess.
To make it worse, they spread some chili mayonnaise on top which was the last thing this already heavy/fatty dish needed.
Manager asked if everything was OK when she cleared the plate and we told her the problems.
I don't have a problem paying for the item since we ordered it, but it clearly wasn't executed well and in my opinion removing it from the bill would have been the classy thing to do.
We also ordered the brussel sprouts, mixed salad, coconut soup, and ham sandwich "snack" items.
Brussel sprouts were swimming is some soy based sauce with bacon and they were salty to the point where we couldn't eat more than the top layer not buried in the sauce.
My palate was still burned this morning from the excessive salt.
Any texture that was developed from nicely roasting the sprouts was ruined by placing them in a bowl full of sauce.
Best item was definitely the ham sandwich.
Nice portion for the price and balance of flavors was outstanding.
Salad was solid, but unremarkable.
Soup also had good flavor but portion size was too big IMO.
Instead of charging $14 for a bowl of soup, I would serve a smaller size and lower the price, especially since the soup is rich and you don't need more than a cup.
Total bill for 2 glasses wine, 1 beer, a 5 items off of snack/appetizer menu was $100 with tip.
We recently moved from Chicago and have eaten at similar restaurants in past (Publican, Purple Pig, etc).
Heritage is falling short of those models.

Food was great, decor is really nice.
Falls a little short of pig in a fur coat and forequarter in my opinion.
I wasn't wild about the menu, and the service was pretty slow.
At least we finally have a place that takes reservations though...

I finally made it out to try this place and it's great!
The decor is nice and spacious which you can't tell from the outside.
They have room to handle large groups and they do take reservations.
The staff is not pushy or stuffy which I love.
The home run for me is that their dishes are unique.
They have cheese curds but they add a twist using tempora batter.
And they have red wine beet sorbet!
Complex flavor and delicious.
We also had sturgen and and octopus which was cooked to perfection.
I also recommend the appetizer that has sausage, pork belly, and duck confit.
Can't wait to go back to try other items!

Last minute choice because our first choices had very long wait times and my coworkers were hungry!
We were met by 2 of the most friendly hostesses and seated quickly.
At first glance the menu was daunting and honestly none of us knew what to order.
Our waiter came over and introduced himself and went over the specials for the day.
I was down to the chicken (safe choice) and the special Tomahawk pork chop.
I decided to go with option 2, and boy am I glad I did!!
It was the most moist tender tasty cut of meat I've had in a long while!
It had a nice smoky flavour.
It came with spaeztle(?
Prob spelled it wrong) which tasted like gnocchi but not.
Perfect meal!!
Before I forget, the meal came with fresh baked bread and butter and pickled crux d'tee (excuse the spelling).
I could've just eaten that it was so good!
The pickled veggies had a sweet but hard bite to them...
I wished I could take them home!
Overall, the service and food were perfect!
If you are looking for something different try this place!
(BTW- they have a pig dish for 110$, I would've ordered but no one else wanted it But the couple next to us ordered it and it was literally a cooked pigs head.
It actually looked good, but maybe next time)

Being a total wet blanket here, but Heritage was just another overhyped restaurant in town that completely under-delivered.
So disappointing!
Went there for my birthday dinner (nope, they do nothing for your birthday even if they know) and had the charcuterie plate and tempura for apps to start.
The charcuterie plate was basically just bread and super bland pate with other bland, boring accoutrements, while the tempura was just drowning in grease and the truffled fish sauce was just inedible.
For entrees, we had the short ribs and the braised pork shank.
The short ribs were just a total salt lick and after eating just half of it, my mouth was tore up like how it feels after eating too many chips, and the pork shank was nothing worth even discussing.
Our server just seemed annoyed to be there, and barely performed her job.
Nothing good to say about our service overall, except that it was slow and underwhelming.
What a waste of a night, especially a birthday dinner.
Don't bother going here!

Went to Heritage for my birthday dinner with a group of 5 last night.
While the service was good and the ambiance pretty neat, the food just didn't live up to my lofty expectations.
Highlights: 1.
) Great appetizers and desert plates 2.
) innovative ingredients and dishes 3.
) Phenomenal service (our waiter, Paul, was very attentive) 3.
) underwhelming quality of the entree  Starters: We had the deviled egg plate, which came with one dozen eggs, 3 of 4 different kinds.
On the menu for us was a sake egg (tasted like sushi!
), a fried egg, an egg with a beef tartar and garnished with who knows what else, and an egg made with truffle oil (easily my favorite).
It's evident that the chef knows what he's doing, as the innovation and the presentation of the dish was wonderful.
Although the eggs looked nice, they were ultimately just an OK tasting dish.
In addition, we had some pickled whitefish livers.
Now THESE were absolutely amazing, and probably my favorite dish of the night.
For main entrees, my sister and I both got the bouillabaisse, and my parents got the lake sturgeon and octopus, and the pork skank, respectively.
While they both enjoyed the presentation and taste of their dishes, mine left me a bit underwhelmed.
Unfortunately, the broth was SO salty, it was hard to appreciate all the other flavors that were present in the dish.
We finished dinner with a cognac served with ice cream, which was also absolutely astounding.
Unfortunately, the strengths of the individual appetizers and dessert was overshadowed (at least for me) by the lack of execution in the main dish.
When I go to a restaurant which is going to charge me ~$30/ entree, I expect an amazing product.
Heritage didn't deliver in this regard, which put a cloud over the rest of the meal.
Given the bevy of other fine dining restaurants in Madison, I will be trying a few other establishments before heading back here.
Heritage has a lot of potential, but the execution just wasn't there this time.

O.K.....yes, I'm here all the time but there's a reason for that.
The staff is amazingly friendly and the ever changing menu demands constant return visits.
So I oblige.
Tonight it was Wisconsin Trout Lox & Assorted Caviar.
Do not raise your eyebrows!
I defy you to find anything better in southern WI!
The trout itself was absolutely perfect, accompanied by chopped parsely, chopped egg white, chopped egg yolk, chopped onion, salmon roe, and flying fish roe, paired with a ramekin of creme, and all accompanied by Batch Bake House bread toast points.
You'd be hard pressed to find an entree that has this much simple, yet complex, flavor ....but this is the appetizer!
Chef Dan Fox is still pushing the boundaries of comfort food beyond the stratosphere.
This is epicurial enjoyment at its finest!
Throw a glass of 'That Maloort Thing', expertly made by Raphael, 'Raffie' to his patrons and friends, to compliment the dish, and you have the best way ever to celebrate Mexican Independence Day!
The next time you're in downtown Madison, don't even think about it.....just get to Heritage Tavern.
You won't regret it.

Dang.
Everything that touched my lips while I was in Heritage was unreal.
The beet & dark chocolate salad is a symphony of flavor.
Pears?
Macadamia nut butter?
Is this real life?
The pickled market vegetables are yummy and a nice vegetarian side or small appetizer if your group is chowing down on charcuterie.
For dinner I got the scallion pancake with root vegetable slaw.
Fried tofu and a soy emulsion, plus go-chu-jang butter and cashew make you taste buds do a happy tap dance.
The service was a little slow, but it was Friday night and they did what they could to keep our drinks full and make sure we were happy, which was appreciated.
The menu is very meat heavy, but they don't slack on the vegetarian options in the flavor department.
I'll be back next time my taste buds feel like a little dancing.

This review is for brunch only.
My two friends and I arrived around 12pm on a Saturday for brunch, which apparently the restaurant has just started offering because the place was DEAD despite being a block from the Farmer's Market and having outdoor seating.
I'll be honest that the main reason we stopped was the restaurant had outdoor seating in the shade, but I'm glad that we did.
The brunch menu isn't too big but again, it sounds like they just started offering brunch.
Approximately 8 entrees, 3 salads, 5 sides (toast, cinnamon roll).
Everything sounded pretty yummy but also pretty typical for a $18-$30 dinner place, if that makes sense.
I mean, eggs benedict, of course -- just with their special flair.
French toast, crab cakes, etc.
-- all moderately high end entrees with a special touch, but nothing on the menu that made me say "wow, I've never heard of that before.
" I opted for the "market eggs benedict" (I think that was the name) and was really, really pleased.
Delicious english muffins (I could taste the butter), wilted spinach (but not so much that it made the dish bitter), a very generous portion of roast pork, two perfectly poached eggs, and creamy hollandaise sauce with a twist.
The dish looked beautiful, it tasted great, and it was hearty -- I didn't leave wishing that I'd also ordered a side.
My friends got mixed drinks and I got a honey ace cider -- also very good.
They have four ciders, three morning cocktails, and a large wine selection on their brunch menu, which was great.
The service was good.
Not amazing, but there wasn't any point where I was looking around for my server and bugged they weren't there.
I asked our server what her favorite thing on the menu was and she said since they just started serving it, she hadn't had much, which was a little surprising -- you'd think the restaurant would give them a preview so that they could make recommendations.
The brunch definitely made me want to go back for dinner, but when I looked at the dinner menu, it looks a bit pricey.
Brunch was definitely much more reasonable and seems like a good way to get a taste of the menu without breaking the bank.
I only stepped inside to use the restroom but the interior is beautiful -- it made me want to come back and have a drink at the bar.
Overall, I would definitely recommend the place.

Our new favorite brunch spot in Madison!
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.
Omelette, cinnamon rolls, bacon, egg sandwiches, all terrific.
We have a 5 year old son, and a 15 year old daughter - and we are all leaving fat and happy!
(We love heritage for dinner too - but want everyone to know about their amazing brunch too).

Excellent 5 stars for flavor, creativity and presentation.
Great ambiance as well.
Been here three times and had a wonderful experience each time

We've been here a number of times, before writing this review to give this restaurant a chance but each time (4 times) we've been disappointed with our entrees.
When you're paying $25+ per entree it should be consistent, and better than average.
All 4 dining times this was not the case.
The service wasn't particularly attentive or knowledgable either.
On the up side, the atmosphere is spectacular and their wines are outstanding.
If you go stick to the snack side of the menu.

Try Heritage for weekend brunch.
It was amazing.
Was looking for a place for Farmers Market brunch as Graze and Marigold had huge waits.
Walked by Heritage and found they now serve on Saturday and Sunday.
Have had many good dinners here so we decided to try it.
And while the menu had a lot of meat, there were a few vegetarian options and the Chef is always willing to try to accommodate.
While the service can be slow, it is also very friendly.
And the cocktails are very good.
My vegetarian friend got an egg scramble and I got lobster Benedict.
Both came with excellent potatoes, although the roesti has duck fat - would be good to have a veggie option here.
The eggs on both plates were cooked perfectly - not too hard, not too soft, just perfect.
Sauce was excellent, and the amount was just enough to coat everything so the flavor was well incorporated.
The veggies were fresh from the market and great, with a nice blend of shitake and button mushrooms.
The lobster was the highlight for me.
Not claw meat, but a decent portion of tail meat, blended perfectly.
Likely the best breakfast egg dish I have ever had, and I've been around a while and traveled a bit.
Thanks Chef Fox and Staff, especially for being kind to vegetarians and the people who love them.
Can't wait to come back.

I love Heritage!
This place is amazing.
From the food, to the staff to the physical space, it's perfection.
Upscale, but cozy and surprisingly reasonable for what you get.
You can tell they think about every detail, it's not just farm-to-table--it's the experience beyond the food too.
The staff is professional and many of them I recognize from years at other great restaurants.
I even love the dinnerware and their vintage fireking(?
) plates.
The food is delicious and  inventive, but not intimidating  portions are generous for a restaurant of this quality.
I remember loving Underground Kitchen here, but I always left hungry and  broke.
Heritage takes reservations which is nice.
I hate waiting for tables in Madison.
I feel like I live in Madison so that I don't have to wait an hour-plus for a table.

Very good food with a sophisticated taste.
Knowledgable wait staff.
Candied bacon and nuts appetizer was amazing.
The Wagyu Chuck was a little dry.
Great cocktails.

I've only been here for their late night menu.
10-1am.
It's a perfect end to a long day of working a later shift at the hospital.
Their Waygu burger is a steal for just 12 dollars.
Every bite is better than the last.
I don't even know how that is possible but more flavors kept presenting themselves as I ate the burger.
The Tempura Spicy Roll is a awesome alternative to your normal sushi.
It is served warm which is a nice change of pace.
The sauces they give you are delish.
Forget soy sauce why would you want to cover a masterpiece with that!?
Fried perfection, but with the fish and rice sorta healthy right?
Their poutine is fatty goodness.
However not one of my favorites on the menu.
With their other items displaying a lot more dimension this fell short a little for me on flavor.
Their cocktails are very creative and some are entertaining to watch while they are being made.
One where the herb is dipped in alcohol lit on fire several times to bring it's flavor into the drink.
My only complaint is that they are a little bit on the pricier side.
Running about 10-12 each.
I'll have to make it out for their regular dinner menu some time.

Every single time gives me more reason to visit!
Love cornmeal crusted soft-shelled crab.
Love tomahawk pork chop.
Beet salad!
Bacon and nuts were amazing too.
Love the deviled eggs!
Sometimes I wish the menu didn't change so often so I could eat what I had the last time.
but nah, i think I like the new surprises!
Thank you Chef Dan and crew for the amazing food and drinks.
Awesome experience, every time.

I'm going to add a needed addendum to this review, and make sure that you, Yelp reader, are aware that Heritage also does brunch.
Not only do they do brunch, but they do it as awesome as all of the other Madison favorites.
We went pretty all out with our selections, and these were the highlights:  - An amazing breakfast sandwich.
It only had egg, cheese, and greens on it (although the menu gave these descriptions much better; I'm just being blunt), but my lord did everything just meld together so well.
Also, it was on such good bread as well.
My girlfriend, who keeps a good log of Madison breakfast sandwiches, says this is her favorite.
-The veggie benedict was also stellar, and one i'd recommend for anyone who's a fan of that style of dish.
- The house croissant is comparable in quality to all of the other baked goodies you'll find downtown or at the Farmer's Market.
- The cocktails are interesting too.
They aren't really like what you'll find at other brunch spots, so it's well worth trying any that sound appealing.
I'll definitely be back for Heritage's brunch, as well as their dinner menu!

I wanted so badly to love this place, I really did, but it just barely fell short for me.
I love that Dan Fox breeds his own pigs for use in the restaurant (where he literally uses every part of the animal), and I truly believe he's a culinary genius.
However, I left feeling conflicted about my experience.
On the one hand, the food was incredible.
Our group split the deviled eggs and beet salad to start.
Both were inspired, and the flavor combinations were so unexpected yet had so much depth.
I then had the ramp pancakes with gochujang butter for my entree, and found it equally delightful.
My only qualm with the food is the dollar-to-grub ratio.
There was simply far too little food for the price.
The $12 beet salad provided the two of us splitting it with hardly more than a bite, and while my entree was exquisite, there is no reason for a vegetarian "pancake" dish to cost $26.
Which brings me to my second qualm: the confused atmosphere.
On the one hand, the exposed brick, hardwood floors, and jean-clad waitstaff gives the place a laid back, comfortable feel.
But then the menu-wording and price counteracts all of that.
The menu descriptions feel inaccessible for someone who hasn't memorized a culinary dictionary, and as mentioned before, the price is quite high.
SO, basically the food rocks, but the price is steep, and the laid back decor is countered with a "hoity-toity" feel to the menu.
Thus, just shy of a 5-star experience.

I got a last minute reservation for three on Father's Day, probably because the brunch service at Heritage is relatively new.
The restaurant was full but, miracle of miracles, we could actually carry on a conversation because the noise level was moderate.
Our server was pleasant and attentive.
I had the Classic Eggs Benedict, another in our party had the Lobster Scramble and the third person ordered the Smoked Whitefish, Crab and Bacon Cake.
The Classic was excellent.
The ham in it was a standout ingredient and I polished off every bite!
The Lobster had good size chunks of the star ingredient and was tasty--the duck fat fries were satisfying--crisp on the outside and soft on the inside--but very rich so a few go a long way.
My husband found the Whitefish cake to be a little bland and wished he had ordered the Belgium Waffle with pickled rhubarb, strawberries and whipped fromage blanc which looked fabulous when delivered to a table next to us.
Brunch was much better than our two previous dinner experiences at Heritage.
Very enjoyable!

We went with friends to try this place.
The food was absolutely astounding!
This is definitely a "special occasion" restaurant tho.
Really expensive.
BUT, don't let that stop you from trying it!
You will NOT be sorry!!
Like everyone else has said, be sure to order the 12 deviled eggs.
Each one a taste experience!

First off I'm new to the Madison area from Miami Via NYC and I am blown away!
It was a pleasure to have this be my first dinner in Madison.
Outstanding use of the local ingredients with such care to the theme of each dish presented.
I especially enjoyed and still dream of the deviled eggs, just a simple dish made into something special in each bite.
Can't wait for another dinner at Heritage!

This place is bringing next level food to Madison.
The food is shockingly good.
I recommend the grilled octopus and chicken dishes if they are still on the menu (it changes frequently).
Probably the most subtle and still flavorful octopus I've ever had.
The chocolate desert was incredible.
The staff was very attentive, respectful, engaged, and knowledgable about the dishes and the business' history and continually volunteered valuable and intriguing information.
Definitely prices to match the experience but if you are not native to Madison and have relatives in town, this is the place to go.

