Newly renovated, great service, good prices, overall a great place to chill with friends.
Tea's are bomb had a great experience here I will be returning in the near future.
Thanks for a great time!
Rob P

The renovations are amazing!
A spacious and relaxing atmosphere to smoke hookah at.
The tea is great and not ridiculously priced.
All of the employees are super nice and helpful.
Most importantly, the prices for a session are cheaper than most places in town and the variety of flavors and recommend mixes by the employees are enormous!
Great place to be, I definitely recommend rolling through.

I have been to a few hookah lounges in Vegas & I've come to realize that most of them are filled with 18 years olds who try & create a club scene.
So it always was really annoying to try & relax when there were drunk girls being sloppy everywhere.
However, I really liked this hookah lounge because people did just that: lounge & smoke hookah.
The DJ was great & the customer service was awesome.
they were really attentive & made sure our hookah was just right at all times.
The manager, Nixon, was very charismatic & a joy to have had sit & smoke hookah with us.
The hookah prices were typical ($15/hookah & $8/refill) but that's okay.
Definitely going to be a regular here.
My new favorite hookah spot & no complaints here :)

This lounge is not your average Las Vegas hookah lounge as they do not serve alcohol here.
Instead, they serve amazing tea and passion juices which compliment the flavors of the hookah.
The atmosphere restores the meaning of "lounge" and is perfect for small gatherings or even informal meetings.
The prices are reasonable and the flavors last for quite some time.
The hookahs were iced and VERY clean - they don't leave you with that dirty, burned, sick feeling afterwards.
The staff is attentive and friendly to customers.
I felt very welcomed and comfortable during my entire visit and will definitely return here again.

Mediocre at best.
THE GOOD: *Service was nice.
-Servers kept it very simple.
-All questions were answered, servers were even nice enough to help take pictures and videos of the group I came with.
*Establishment was neat and clean.
-Bathrooms were pretty tidy too  THE BAD: *Music -No live DJ, so a playlist was used.
-Music was poppin' but the transitions between songs often left an awkward and silent pause.
*The Rules -One drink minimum for every member of your party, regardless of status: thirsty or not, smoking or not; you must buy a drink.
-2 people maximum on 1 hookah (without an extra smoker charge)  *$$$ -Water runs for $2.50 here, which is how one can see the "one drink rule" as a problem.
-Hookah itself is $17-$15, which seems fair.
But because two people are allowed to smoke on one hookah, they'll charge you $5 for any extra person that smokes from that particular hookah.
THE HOOKAH: -Eh, I've had better sessions at home.
-The tobacco selection consisted of Al Fahquer?, Starbuzz, and Fumari -Died in 40 minutes, became harsh after 15 but it was nothing the servers couldn't fix.
My thoughts: This place is next to the West Charleston CSN Campus so I'm safely assuming they cater to the students that attend the school.
I criticize the logic of charging people/students for things that are usually complimentary or free at other hookah lounges, especially when the primary demographic is summed up of students who are known for already penny-pinching for an education.
One might be better off smoking anywhere else, maybe a place that charges per hookah used, not per person smoking around one hookah.
Heck, maybe a place where they give you the free will when it comes to ordering beverages or not.
What the heck was up with that?
I'm unaware if they give student discounts or not.
Regardless, this place rings you up in ways I've never experiened in other hookah lounges.
The Bill (Our group of 3): 1 hookah: $17 1 extra smoker: $5.08 1 Perrier: $2.50 2 Juice drinks: $6.00  With tax and all, our group paid roughly $30+ to learn to smoke elsewhere

Love this place.
It's a lounge and not a club so that's one of the things that I like most about it.
The staff is legit and takes care of you.
Prices are fair and selection is got what it takes to have a good session.
I have all my own gear but when I wanna chill.
I drop In here all and its way more relaxing .
I go once a week

This is the place to be.
Formerly a different hookah lounge that's been remodeled and under new ownership.
Nick, the owner, is one of the coolest!
Great shisha, excellent service and awesome environment.
We ordered: Fumari Chocolate Mint 5/5 Fumari Gummi Bear + Lemon Mint 5/5  Overall one of the best spots to chill at or get some work done.
I will be returning.

They "forgot" my yelp check in discount.
Music sucks, "hardcore rap" is not my idea of an Ultra Lounge specially if every other word is the N word.
Also, they seem to be a Pitbull fan since every 4th song was a Pitbull song   The good.
Customer service was great!
Our attendant was prompt and courteous, prices are decent and their tea is phenomenal.

If you are looking to just chill and smoke hookah, and listen to good music this is the spot.
Reasonable priced hookahs with a great selection of teas and fruit drinks!
New watermelon base, pineapple, apple, orange, and cantaloupe bowls that really makes for a great flavorful taste!
Always a great time, and there is a very relaxed crew of regulars that make the experience worth while.

Based on my last review of this lounge I want to let you guys know that the Owner asked my input about the music and invited my guests and I to return once again to Blaqcat Ultra Hookah Lounge .
The Owner was very much interested in my review and in my input on hoe to correct it .
I admire the Owner's attention to what the patrons have to say.
For that I have raised my 3 star to 5 stars.

My boyfriend and I are on vacation in Vegas and saw a sign for hookah and decided to try it out.
We were seated at a couch and one of the workers, Mariah, came over and sat down to explain how everything works here.
She was very friendly and has AWESOME customer service.
Music videos playing, not crazy loud or over crowded.
Hookah is good, and they don't burn your head out to get you to order a refill.
So happy we stumbled upon this place!

Came here they treated me like family.
Great hookah,best customer service, good vibe and did I mention the music.
Hands down best hookah spot in vegas period.

Great environment and great people.
The only hookah lounge in Vegas I go to!
Every bowl is made great and the fruit bowls are amazing.
More flavors and bowls added daily.
Relaxing place and great music.
Owner is very friendly and welcoming.
Great place to spend a night with some friends!
A++

Nick is the best!
They legit have great customer service, I know great customer service when I get it and thats why I come here with my friends all the time.
This is the place to go if you want hookah.
It may be a little overpriced since they do ask for you to at least order a drink (and at the end it all adds up), but, I get it, its one of their ways to increase their profits and I like that business approach.
I'm no hookah expert but the hookah is good and everybody is friendly.
We always have Mariah take care of us and Nick.
Thanks guys!

The service is excellent !
Definitely 5 stars for a reason.
And the drinks are tasty.

I definitely recommend this place customer service is a 10!
Owner is on top of it :) I don't know much about hookah I picked cantaloup and he suggest a better flavor and it was very very good.
Smokes very smooth :D check it out

Great hookah, friendly staff.
We had a pineapple head, tasted pretty awesome with a bit of mint and prickly pear.
Brie rocks

Good hookah and good flavors.
Staff is attentive and friendly.
Prices are one of the better ones in Las Vegas.
The teas are what really standout.
They are flavorful, a very beautiful aroma, and a nice selection of additions(the regular packets of sweeteners and even honey).

