I started doing Pure Barre to compliment my running addiction and now I can't stop!
It's better than I imagined.
This workout is as good as it gets.
It's fun and challenging.
I started seeing results after just a few classes.
I would highly recommend Pure Barre!

I love Pure Barre!
As a busy working mom, this workout gets right down to business!
It's the only thing I need to do.
I get my heart rate pumping, toning for all the areas I need (thighs, seat, core, and upper body) plus a break from my busy day to re-charge!

I adore Pure Barre!!!
The results from the workout are amazing, but the community of people is what sets this studio apart.
Shannon and her team are incredibly welcoming and friendly and it's an overall positive environment.
The convenient location in Hilldale near lulu, Anthro, and Metcalfe's is awesome!
The studio carries some really great brands, too, like ALO and Beyond Yoga.
I am recovering from a knee injury and Pure Barre has been critical in my success.
The teachers know how to give specific adjustments, and the noticeable changes in my hamstring and glute strength, plus increased flexibility, has been amazing!
I definitely recommend this studio as a great place to get in shape, have fun, and meet some awesome women!

I love and am addicted to Pure Barre!!
My body has transformed - and for me - I'm in the best shape of my life!!
The teachers at Pure Barre Hilldale are all amazing and I look forward to starting every morning with them.
They take a personal interest in all of their clients and push us to work harder with each tuck, lift & pulse!!
If you haven't done a class - check it out as it is the BEST workout I have ever done!

I love Pure Barre.
If you put in the time, the results are worth every penny and every minute.
Pure Barre is a fun, challenging work out with a similar structure to each class, but different moves to mix up variety.
Music is always pumpin!
The studio is conveniently located, clean, and minimalist.
The management and teachers are wonderful people, they themselves are regular devotees to the barre!
As other reviewers mentioned, the community Pure Barre creates is beautiful.
You see the same ladies often, and you can see their results.
Everyone is always kind and friendly.
I have recently moved to Madison and met all of my new good girlfriends through barre.
Its great because having a friend to go with is another incentive to workout!

Pure Barre is a highly addictive and challenging workout.
I attended the free friend Friday and was hooked.
The technique Pure Barre uses is effective.
By my 10th class I could see my muscles toning and my core getting stronger.
The staff makes the atmosphere inviting and enjoyable.
The instructors are very helpful, encouraging, and will challenge you.
The studio is clean and the music is pumping.

