I have always gone to the original mc fall for all of my auto and tire needs.
Now this new one is closer to my house.
These guys are honest and professional.
Their customer service is the best I have ever had.
Make you feel like family.
Oh and did I mention they are fast!
And here is the big thing, kinda a side note but just goes to show you how much these guys care.
I am literally sitting in their waiting room right now with my 3 year old daughter.
Now , if any of you have ever had to have waited with a little kid you know it can be challenging.
They get bored quick.
But they get handed me the tv remote and said " we have netflix, found something to watch your daughter will like!
" I was blown away by this type of customer service.
HIGHLY RECCOMENDED!

Once again Marcus and the crew at McFall have gone above and beyond.
Today replacing my alternator.
They shopped around from parts suppliers to find me the highest quality replacement for the least money.
And had the part delivered and installed in about 1 hr.
Thanks again!
Life time customer right here.

A great staff that stands behind their work.
A great company with integrity and quality work.

Marcus and Lawrence and the team have always gotten me taken care of.
Their prices are always super good and the quality of work is top notch!
If recommend them over every other shop in the area.
They do business right!

2011 Jeep Cherokee with a nail in the tire and needed an oil change.
Tech told me it would be about 45 minutes which sounded reasonable.
My GF brought my vehicle in and it sat on the lift for 45 minutes with the tires sitting right next to it.
No one worked on it and the process took 2 hours...for an oil change and flat repair!
Come to find out they didn't even remove the nail they just rotated the tire to the front with the nail still in it.
They also didn't reset the oil change light which continues to come on but the manager "guarantees" it was changed.
He told me to just bring it back in and they will fix it.
Sorry bro you had your chance and lost it and didn't even try to make it right.
Lost all my future business and I will tell everyone i know to steer clear of a shady place.

I took my ford focus to mcfalls  5-28-2014 because I seen the good reviews and got quoted a good price on replacing my output shaft seals.
They claimed to fix it I picked it up few days later and was driving car and had a radiator resivior hose leak  they some how knocked hose clip loose and hose was rubbing on belt pull and pucntured the hose I fixed it myself wondering y they were even at the front of the car in the first place.
Then I notices the output shaft seals started leaking a few days later so I called them they said to bring it in I did then they claimed it was mysteriously leaking from top of the transmission  even though I checked and I know it was leaking from the seal they supposedly replaced, got into argument with manager on duty cause they want 80 bucks to find the mysterious leak from top of transmission instead of admitting it was coming from seal so I picked up car and took it to peoria ford and guess what it was output shaft seal on driver side that was leaking they fixed it I had to pay for it twice now.
I would never use them unless u want dishonest service and definetly not quality service they broke the radiator resivior hose clip  and did not fix the output shaft seal and I got charged for it do not ever go there very unproffesional and same old same old lie to u to cover there own ass I would give them negative stars but have to give them one to post this I guess

