The correct address is 20020 N. 59TH AVE .
I note this place is very new and still working things out and has potential so it's worth a try.
We tried several things here and I think some things are better than others.
From what I tried on my visit I think the Beef Asada and the Chile Verde are much better than the fish here.
The meats were flavorful but terribly dry when we were here.
The fish from the fish tacos might have been a frozen product that had little flavor and it was kind of dry for fish.
They have a selection of house made sauces and a few condiments to add to your dish.
Customer service is not the best.
I ordered a side of Hot Carrots (.99 cents) before I noticed they are a free condiment.
They should have told me it was on the sauce bar.
But it made me a little more mad when the woman working there runs me an empty cup and tells me to fill it up myself from the freebie bar.
If they are on freebie bar why charge me????
Like I already said they are new and still working things out hope your visit is better.

Good Mexican Food menudo Saturday.
Been here several times and the food is good.
Hawaiian Burrito the best you need to try it

Carne asada burrito, tasty and filling, served with side of chips, under $6 for most burritos.
Salsa bar with various salsas and marinated carrots, onion, jalapeno, garlic.
Hidden in a strip mall, near the Del Taco in the Home Depot area.
Pick up your day workers and lunch too.

Not my favorite

I had the Banderita  burrito and it was amazing, a party for my mouth.
The best chile roja EVER!
I've never been disappointed with Ricardo's.
The carnitas torta is scrumptious, too.
It gets crowded at lunch but you'll be able to find a seat.
Try it!
If you enjoy authentic Mexican food, you'll love this.
The salsa bar has some fabby sides, my fave is the onions.
They're brown, sautéed a little, very tasty.
Remember: you're going for the food, not the ambiance.
It's about the art of food cooked with passion!

Authentic Mexican & the best chimichanga in the West Valley!
Always fresh, and everything we've ever tried has been GREAT and very well priced.
Dining area is reminiscent of Subway-style with some Mexican artwork flair, but if you're into great food with a casual atmosphere (or call ahead/take out), definitely a hidden gem worth checking out!

Great place for Mexican food next to Home Depot for those double dip days.
They actually carry al pastor which is pork marinated in like a pineapple sweet sauce.
Large choice of different items to try!
Great family style restaurant , owners are always working with a smile.

It's decent, but not great.
Both the food and salsa are a little bit on the light side, so I suppose they are perfect for those who like Mexican-like food but not the full flavors of real Mexican food.
Prices are reasonable and the portions are quite large.
They have a salsa bar with four salsas available.
All were good, but again, all were a little bit too light and none had any heat to them.
I went here when my car was being serviced nearby, and I'd do it again if I found myself here again.
I wouldn't choose it on purpose.

