My boyfriend and I came here after we got a recommendation from a friend that works at Sam Ash next door.
We came when they opened and unfortunately the beef/lamb shawarma wasn't ready yet.
My boyfriend and I decided to wait.
While we were waiting the cook came by and served p us free falafel for our wait.
The service is great, the food amazing!!

My wife and I saw the sign this morning.
I pulled up to look in and see if it is open for business yet or "coming soon".
The owner spotted me and came to the door to say hello.
He said they have been open for a couple of weeks.
After shaking hands and wishing him well, he handed me a menu and I said I'd try and get back soon.
We decided to get some "to go" for lunch a few hours later.
When I got there he was in the open kitchen and a very nice woman greeted me.
He also gave me a big greeting.
Already I feel like I'm at my local being treated like a favorite long time customer!
I ordered a chicken shawarma, a babaghanoush plate with beef/lamb shawarma and a kubbah ball appetizer.
They told me that there is no chicken shawarma because their big 2 spit shawarma machine only has 1 side working and they have to do chicken one day and beef/lamb another because of it.
They are awaiting parts all the way from Jerusalem where the machine was shipped from.
No problem on my end, but they could not have been nicer about it.
He even handed me a sample of the beef/lamb during this chat.
It was right off the spit and truly yummy.
Then they asked me which babaghanoush I wanted since they have two versions.
A traditional tahini one or their version with tomato and diffrent spices.
Before I could even think about it he was handing me a sample.
It was amazing.
So after paying up (the prices are beyond reasonable, this place is a bargain!
), I sat down to wait.
A moment later he comes to the counter to explain that it will be a couple of minutes so he has made me a couple of falafel so I would not mind the wait.
Are you kidding me?
This might be the friendliest service I have gotten anywhere in years.
So how was my lunch?
My wife and I just LOVED it and can't wait to go back.
This was a treat and it was something different from our usual choices.
I really hope these guys do great.
I promise that we will definately be back.

Authentic fresh delicious.
Don't waste your time at other places this is it.
This is must try it will become one of your favorites.

This place really is fantastic.
The owners are so friendly and generous and clearly take pride in their work.
The food is phenomenal and for extremely reasonable prices -- not to mention the owners usually provide free samples of food as well.
All in all, a fantastic eating experience for a great price.
Oh and the falafel is the best I've had.

I give this place a 3.5 stars out of 5.
No complaints, the food was good.
My dad ordered the chicken kabab plate and he said it was "good", translated = he really liked it, just doesn't stand out from all the other places.
I had the chicken shawarma sandwich, which I'm a HUGE fan of, and would travel 50 miles without even blinking if it's a GOOD and AUTHENTIC shawarma, which this place claims to have.
I have had authentic shawarmas in Arab lands, and sorry to say, but their shawarmas are NOT authentic.
They're not bad at all, but not authentic shawarmas as they claim.
I've been to several places in the US and whenever I go someplace new, I make sure to try and find the best shawarma joint in the area.
My favorite in the valley for Shawarma remains Baiz Market, it's pretty close to the real thing.
But the BEST and MOST AUTHENTIC I have found so far in the US is this place called "Afrah" in Richardson, Texas.
They don't claim to serve the real thing, but they do.
Took me back to Saudi Arabia, its SPOT ON!
The food is great, really.
I tried the beef shawarma here too and it's actually better than most places in the valley.
For me, I was already planning on coming here at least once a week even though its a 25 mile drive each way, but in the end, NOT AUTHENTIC, therefore not worth it.

This is hands down some of the best food I have had in Phoenix in a long, long time.
Every meal is fantastic and incredibly tasty!

Awesome fresh pitas, must give it a tr good healthy fast.
Don't forget to try the hummus.

In a desert of Chicago style gyros shops valley wide ive been looking for that oasis serving more authentic middle eastern style food.
At Shwarma King ive finally found it on the west side.
The more authentic style toasted sandwiches are excellent (and certainly more elegantly chowed down than a giant overflowing pita).
The hummous was perfectly spiced.
Not too much cumin as some shops do.
Not too peanutty flavored as some can be.
But perfect.
The lemon shining through but not overwhelming.
And the Falafel!
Best ive ever had.
As a valley native who misses the old Urban Cafe in Tempe, this place finally offers up a Middle Eastern style meal I will drive out of the way for.
Well done, and thanks to the owners who couldn't have been any nicer to a couple looking for a late meal (15 minutes before closing).
I can't wait to come back.

Tried this once, not normally the kind of food we eat.
It was pretty good, hummus was amazing, pitas seemed fresh, a little pricey for what we got but overall pretty good.
The staff seemed pretty friendly so no complaints there other than they weren't really helpful when I asked for suggestions, just told me everything was good.

If you are in the area, this is a must try!
The food here is excellent.
The chicken kabob meat has great flavor!
And the shawarma platter is full of delicious items like hummus, rice etc...
The only downside is the wait can be long and the prices are a little high.
Grab a Togo menu and call in your order ahead of time to beat the wait.

After seeing Iron Man 3 I've been looking for a Shawarma!
So I mosey on in at about 11:30 and try to order some chicken shawarma.
No dice the friendly lady behind the counter say.
Ok Lay some beef shawarma on a plate and hand it over!
No can do!
WH-WH WHAT I ask.
After talking some back and forth in a very wild sounding langue the chubby but super cute lady tells me that the meat will on be ready for at least an hour!
How in the wide wide world of sports is a going on here?
You signature dish  is not ready for over an HOUR after you open?!?!?!!?
Hey here is an idea... Come in early.
If it take an hour and a half to cook and you open at 11:00 get there at 9:00!
WoW!
What an idea!!!!
Come in early to PREP!!!!!
IDK...
I REALLY want to try shawarma...
So I guess I'll have to wait until two hours AFTER you open to try it... Kinda sad...

The best in the valley in Mediteranean and Middle Eastern food fresh and very healthy.
...

I taste tested the chicken shawarma and falafel and both were amazing.
I ordered the chicken shawarma pita and the flavor was insanely good.
The meat was tender with excellent use of spices.
The pita was rolled up and warm with wonderful seasonings.
I had the best chicken pita of my life.
Service was fast and friendly too.
I highly recommend a trip to this place.
Go NOW--it's that good.

This isn't a review of the food, just the way the business is run.
I was anxious to taste their chicken schawarma and arrived about 10:55 a.m.
I went to the door and saw that they opened at 11 a.m., so I went back to wait in my car and play some candy crush on my phone.
I waited until 11:15, but they never opened.
Maybe I'll give them another chance since they have such good reviews, but if they're reading this, "Please open on time!

This Place is AWESOME!!!
I have eaten her about 6 times now.
The whole establishment is super clean.
You can see all the way through the kitchen to the back door and it is beyond spotless!!!
The deco is really nice and classy looking and the ambiance is very inviting.
The owners are super friendly and no kidding, they can cook!!!!
The food here is the best authentic mediterranean food I have ever had hands down.
Its always fresh and I would have to attribute that to the fact that they literally make everything on the menu themselves.
No frozen thawed food here.
They make their own sauces, spices, EVERYTHING!!!
Needless to say, the smell in this place has you droooooooling the moment you walk in and to top it all off, the prices are VERY reasonable...especially considering its all hand made on the spot.
YOU MUST GIVE THIS PLACE A TRY!!!
WARNING: Its so good, it is addictive!!

Bes shawarma I've ever had if you're in town you must try this chicken shawarma and the tabole was Amazin,, the owner is so friendly and the place is awesome

This placed was terrific.
It was clean, the food was wonderful and the owner was extremely friendly!
I had the chicken Shwarma and small helpings of babaganoush and hummus.
The babaganoush had a subtle smokey flavor that was awesome and the Chicken Shwarma had so much flavor!
I can't wait to return!

Heard good things about this joint so 2 friends and I tried the place out on a Monday.
Although the whole menu was open, the owner stated there was no lamb or beef, just chicken on Mondays.
"Why not just say that then, rather than wait for us to ask for it?
" He then proceeded to find excuses, "I'm the only one here...other guy didn't show up...blah, blah , blah"  Tried it again tonight just to give them the benefit of the doubt (maybe he was having an off day).
When I went inside, I noticed I was the only one in the joint.
While I was looking at the menu, same guy asks me, "Are you looking for Chinese restaurant?
"-which was next door...Strike 2, thanks but no thanks Shwarma King.

After one visit I gather that Shawarma King is very above average in the kind of cuisine it is.
(Fast Casual Middle Eastern) I really enjoyed all the unique offerings and different variations of these Mid East Classics.
Overall everything was very good, I enjoyed how different this place was.
We never had Cheese Boubak before so we tried them.
They look like Giant Spring Rolls but are stuffed with a seasoned cheese blend and are tasty anyone would like them.
I tried the Vegetarian Feast Plate so I could try as much as possible.
My plate was made of Felafel's, Hummus, Babaganoush, Purple Cabbage salad, Pickles, and I think Arabic Salad.
(menu listed Tabbouleh but I heard after I received my meal they were out of Tabbouleh for the day) and House Made Pitas.
The felafel's are very unique.
They were the crispest ones I ever tried anywhere with a hard crunch.
(I sort of worried about my fillings) They were made with fresh herbs but had a different seasonings than others I tried from other places.
I'm not sure but I thought I tasted caraway in them.
Dips were both good.
I really enjoyed the Purple Cabbage salad as it was light and filling at the same time and is something not all other places offer.
The chopped vegetables were very bright with lemon and flavored of fresh parsley.
The pitas were fresh baked and were much better than from a package but were a sturdy style.
My husband tried a Combo Plate it had one dip on it I wasn't familiar with.
It was thick and white and tasted sort of cheesy garlicky and lemony.
I tried the chicken, it was white meat but very tasty.
They don't offer Yemenite Sauce but offer Sriracha if you desire a hot kick.
I think that's kind of odd as they are not at all similar in taste.
The owner seems nice and ask how everything is but communication isn't the best but that is how it is at these kind of places.
Above average, something different and worth a try!

Very good and tasty food.
Nice treatment and low prices.
Not very fancy place but totally one of the best Mediterranean restaurants I have ever tried.
It's totally suggestible.

Good food.
My only knock is that the spice seem disproportionate.
I think when seasoning is placed its not even spread across the item.
Good food.
To me, tediously annoying music (it could have been just what happened to come on).

So I am a vegetarian .
And I love Mediterranean food!!
There is so much to choose from here.
I am so excited I found this place!
The owner was incredible !!
He explained the differences in the food and let me sample a few different items without me even asking!!!!!
Needless to say I will probably be here once a week!!!!!!!

Extremely polite owners and very good quality food.
Try the cheese bourek and any of the shawrma combos.
Good salad seasoning , and amazing baba ghanoush.
Def coming back for my Mediterranean fix

The place was empty and I always drive by it.
Well me and the wife stopped by.
It was extremely clean and me and the gentleman who was working had some common ground considering we are both Arab lol.
Anyways the food was really tastey.
But the portion makes you wish you ordered another.
It is kinda small(maybe I just love huge portions) and the price was too much for me to order that again.
It's more a once in a while place for me I suppose.
Go there and you won't be disappointed by the flavor and food euphoria it may make you feel.

well I am from Arabian country so I know the real test of the shawarma.. in this place you gonna find the best shawarma in US without any doubt!!
I really love it and thanks to the beautiful lady in the cashier ^^  can't wait to return!

I will preface this review by stating that when I went into Shawarma King I was wearing a military shirt from my deployment to Iraq, as I proudly served in the Army.
I don't know if that had anything to do with my treatment in this establishment or not.
I asked for a chicken shawarma, and asked if they could please add lettuce and tomato to it.
The lady at the front asked me, "you want lettuce and tomato on it?
" friendly enough, but before I could answer the man standing behind her said "NO.
" I smiled, thinking he was joking at first, then he looked me in the eye with what I can only describe as contempt, and told me, "this is syrian style, we will not add lettuce and tomato.
" I was shocked by the abrasive nature of his tone, so I walked out.
Why anyone would turn away business over 25 cents worth of lettuce and tomato is beyond me.
I can only assume that possibly being white (they were speaking what I assume is some arabic dialect in front of me), or in the military, caused the open hostility towards me.
Either way, I will not be back, and I will share my experience openly.
I personally think it's a bit suspect to turn away ANY business in this economy.

This place has the best sandwich I have ever had.
The service was one of the best i have also ever had.
Not to often you get the cook that would step out from around the kitchen to check on the customers to see how the food turned out and if you liked it.
This place gets a 10 for service and food.

The chicken shawarma deluxe was very good!
The service was excellent!
Will definitely eat here again!

The beef shawarma here is amazing, the texture of the pita bread was crispy/crunchy and I love crispy/crunchy textures.
The meat is flavorful and to my amazement, moist and succulent.
The flavor all around is pretty phenomenal, but the reason I gave it 4 out of 5 is due to the cost, which I understand why it cost more, better ingredients cost more money.

Thank you for the reply.
You refusing to ruin the, very subjective, integrity of your food, as you put it, wasn't the reason I walked out.
It was the hostile way that information was relayed to me.
This world is full of many different people, just because you enjoy a shwarma one way, doesn't mean everyone else in the world will.
If I am paying you my hard earned money for your product, I think I'm entitled to put it into my mouth, and my body, the way that I prefer.
I don't think this is a hard ideology to grasp, and frankly it's just good business practice.
As soon as I walked into your business I was your guest.
You argued (or what seemed like a small argument) in arabic right in front of me while I looked at the menu.
That alone I find is disrespectful to a guest.
Then the way he glared at me, was the icing on the cake.
I was there to give you my business, and that's not how you treat a guest.
Maybe things are different Syria, and you are trying to make the customer service "authentic" too, I don't know.......................

Great authentic mediteranean food.
Found it on Yelp and we will keep coming back.
Middle Eastern music playing in the background reminds me of small places I ate at when in that hemisphere.
Nothing flashy about the place, just good food.
Which is the important thing.
The sandwiches are in a rolled pita like a thick wrap so they are easy to eat and not messy.
Got so excited over my beef lamb shawarma wrap I bit my lip.
So worth it.

I've been dying to try this place out since I'm a huge fan of Greek food.
Not the lame-o Chicago style gyros (They have their place...I guess) but authentic, homemade Greek family food.
That's what you will get at Shawarma King!
The servings are large, colorful and full of flavor.
My mom got the Vegetarian Plate Special and I typically don't care for meatless entrees but it was fantastic and so beautifully prepared!
We almost hated to start eating because the plates looked so lovely.. almost.
I ordered the Fattoush Salad and added the chicken shawarma on top.
It was good, maybe a little pita chip heavy, but I would definitely order it again.
especially with a serving of their garlic sauce and a side of falafel!
(So good!!
)  The prices on most items seem reasonable especially given the amount of food you get.
They also offer chicken nuggets for kiddos.
A nice feature, I thought.
4 small (McDonalds size) chicken nuggets and tons of fries for $4.99 seemed a liiiiittle steep to me.
Next time I go I'll just pack a lunch for the kids or pick up a couple happy meals instead since they aren't very adventurous eaters.
I hope this place is around for a while.
Business seemed slow but their food is excellent.
Give it a try, you won't be sorry!

Yes!
Ahhhhh love shawarma!
Had the lamb beef shawarma sandwich.
If you want to know what the wraps are like in the middle east and Greece then come here.
Food is authentic.
No gyro meat here yuck!
Just layers of lamb and beef cooked on a spit.

