Arizona Heat Pest is the go-to company for bedbugs.
A horrible infestation in the home of one of my client's has been completely wiped out now for over a month - no sights, no bites.
The home had been infested for well over a year by bugs that had lived through a couple exterminations by other companies during that time.
Chris was absolutely no trouble to deal with - he was accessible and accommodating, answering all of our questions politely and patiently throughout the entire process.
He explained what they were going to do, made his own suggestions based on the individual circumstances, spent time to educate us, speculated respectfully about where the previous companies may have gone wrong, etc.
And he was not pushy.
Total gentleman the whole time.
Bedbugs seem to be a growing and rampant problem in the valley.
The common person (meaning the people who have them) really doesn't know much about bedbugs or how to treat them, and is consequently an easy target for exploitation especially since people become very desperate in this predicament.
Trying to distinguish one company from another will prove to be extremely frustrating and overwhelming.
Too often it appears people are typically screwed over by some fly-by-night company offering a multi-year warranty and closing up shop in six months, only to open a new business under a new name so they can screw over new people.
Don't waste your time.
These guys are the jackpot.
They are a small, family-run business whose aim is to ensure the job is done right with no stone is left unturned.
They will do a free inspection and shoot straight with you.
I recommend them with no reservations whatsoever.
Bedbugs are a real nightmare.
People deserve to know which companies have integrity.
Trust me, you won't go wrong with these guys.

Like everyone else is saying, Arizona Heat Pest Services is definitely the best!
I called at 9pm and had someone out the very next morning!
Luckily we were able to catch the infestation fairly quickly!
Paul was extremely helpful and told us what was needed, not trying to over sell.
Price is reasonable based on the needed treatment.

