Not absolutely sure if this is the first business of this business model to open in the 702, but I am absolutely sure that it is the newest and only business of this kind currently in operation.
Cafe Teaze is what I would considered a hybrid business model combining a boba tea shop and a Vietnamese coffee shop (just Google or Bing it if you want to know more).
Specifically, the menu is what you would normally find at a boba tea house in California and the waitstaff are all bikini or lingerie clad women.
The best part for me and I am sure for the target market is that these waitstaff are friendly and beautiful, and could easily transition from serving you boba milk tea to fitting right in at import model photo shoots.
What can you order here?
11 types of milk teas (from the simple milk tea to Ma-Cha Ice Cream Milk Green Tea with or without boba), 5 different iced flavor teas (Lychee Green Tea and Passion Fruit Black Tea are what look the most appealing to me right off the bat), 6 varieties of Flavored Snow Ice, 5 hot milk tea options and 9 snacks (popcorn chicken, fried wontons, and spiral potato just to rattle off a few).
Let's be frank here, even if your name is not Frank or Francis Underwood, I am here first and foremost for the eye candy, without getting hassle for doing the looking.
That reality is what the proprietor is relying on in attracting new customers.
However, the beverage and food are what the owners are banking on for lots and lots of repeat business after the novelty wears off a bit.
For me hopefully the novelty will never wear off :)  Review #15 of 2014

This is like the best version of hanging out with your girlfriend and her really hot friend.
Always sneaking glances.
I mean, is it cool to just check them out?
The tea is pretty good.
The girls sit and chat with you at your table.
Its kinda funny awkward but they will chat about whatever.
They smile and laugh; its like you are hanging out with a new friend.
Super nice people.
Weird funny chill.
Idk what else to say.
Interesting to say the least.

I've heard about places like this before and until recently, I've only heard about them in California.
Now we FINALLY have one here in Vegas right in Chinatown.
They have different types of teas, (milk, thai, green, black) hot and cold, and snacks too.
Something those ones in Cali don't offer.
And the staff (gorgeous-gorgeous ladies btw) are super friendly!
By the time I walked out of the end of the night, they all knew my name.
And based on what I read about some of those other places, that's a saying really positive about their staff.
Considering all the reviews I've read about those other shops in Cali, this one definitely outdoes them from the menu all the way down to the staff.
Def go down there.
And besides everything I've already mentioned, there's an awesome perk.
The ladies, which are already amazing looking, wear lingerie.
It's like going to a Victoria's Secret photo shoot while at your favorite boba place at the same time.
Oh!!!!
ANDDDDDD they make their boba fresh everyday!!!!
I normally get my drinks at other boba places without boba because of how crappy it tastes, but this is great.
Try the taro with boba when you get there.
Hope you guys like it as much as I do.

Came here with some friends for the soft opening.
DISCLAIMER: Review is based strictly on the soft opening.
Will come back soon to check it out when the cafe is fully operational.
Yes, the hype is real!
Girls in lingerie!
Or underwear and bra.
Adorable!
It was a bit awkward for me at first, because I didn't actually think that they actually would have girls in undergarments serving you.
I have a feeling people may have an attitude about the concept, but it's like any place on the strip with scantily-clad women serving you.
They have a small stage here.
Walls and decor are bare so far.
I wonder what it will all look like once they're finished.
Space was clean and could easily be filled up once open!
Bare and empty for now.
Echoes galore.
For the soft opening, they had a limited menu.
Not everything was available, such as the food.
I ordered an almond milk tea with boba (with a black tea base).
They came out in a cute mason jar-esque glass.
Mine tasted delicious, freshly shaken, and perfectly sweet.
Boba didn't taste gross, stuck together, or too chewy.
The sizes were about a standard medium size priced at $5-$5+.
A bit pricey.
Friend ordered a thai tea with a black tea base.
Other friend ordered a passionfruit black tea.
The thai tea was sweet, addictive, milky.
Definitely getting that next time!
The passionfruit black tea was refreshing, crisp, and light.
Left a pleasant aftertaste without being too heavy like other boba drinks.
A couple waitresses came over and kept us company.
Pretty gals.
All I could think about was hoping that they'd moisturize extensively because it feels drying being in just your undergarments and moving around serving people!
They were fun to talk to.
I liked that they hung out with us.
Felt super casual.
(Reminded me of a south park episode with Butters at Raisin's lol) I came here with my two guy friends, so it was slightly awkward and different, but after a while of talking, it was fun and relaxed.
Another chick came by to make sure we already ordered.
Attentive service for a small space and they had lots of waitresses mingling with other customers.
There were only a couple problems.
For instance, the waitresses looked a bit lost when it came to my bill that it took a while to settle.
I had a feeling they weren't all prepped or on the same page.
Not a big deal since they're just starting out.
Although there were a few kinks, it was a solid start in the right direction.
The lingerie concept may have come from a viet coffee place in cali, it's unfair to label this as one just yet.
I didn't see any coffee on the menu.
Hopefully, there will be.
I'm dying to have real vietnamese coffee that isn't overloaded with ice!
I like their small menu.
Smart move.
Especially as a business just starting out.
Once the staff is fully trained, and the space is prettied up, it definitely has the potential to be a popular boba hotspot (especially for the guy crowd).
Fun place to chill with your friends (and for them to maybe fantasize, let's be honest) Service was very friendly.
I can't wait to come back when they're fully open and check out their food, decor, and review their boba drinks again!
I kind of have to, now that my guy friends won't shush up about it.

Cafe Teaze is one of my new favorite places to get boba.
The drinks are made perfectly to my liking, the girls are adorable and sweet, and it's completely different compared to other cafés.
The drinks and boba is one of the best in Las Vegas, I'm excited to see what other drinks they will introduce to the menu, same for the food.
The girls are so friendly and will always try to strike up a conversation.
And well how it it different?
You're getting served by girls on lingerie, where else do you get that in Vegas?
Overall this is a great place to hangout and enjoy excellent drinks.

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(71/365) "This Ain't a Stripclub!
"  After our spice fest nearby, we decided to check out the new boba kid on the block, Cafe Teaze.
You have other places like #1, Volcano, and Perfect Scoop nearby, But owner CD and his concept has "Boba Babes" serving you tea with a "tease".. in lingerie/bikins, borrowing a similar concept from those Vietnamese coffee shops in the Bay Area.
Kids love boba tea too, but Parents, do not bring your children here unless you don't mind them catching a glimpse...you have been warned!!!
Still in the soft opening phase, Cafe Teaze is only serving teas right now, with snacks within the next week during the official grand opening.
CD and the ladies are a very cool, laid back bunch, offering menu suggestions and even chatting about Cafe Teaze and other things like food, Travel, Yelp, and of course, living in Vegas baby!!!
I think they even have cards and board games too if you enjoy that kinda stuff.
So how was the tea???
I was originally going to order the Taro Snow with boba, but there was no ice cream at the time, so I went wIth a Lychee Snow, and Wifey got her favorite, Boba Milk Tea and we both enjoyed our selections.
My Lychee Snow was blended very smooth, and the boba pearls were cooked perfectly with a nice hint of sweetness and perfect texture.
We also shared a hot Taro(powder) Tea and we enjoyed the flavors of that as well.
The walls could use some life and the lighting could be softened a bit, but those are minor details.
Maybe down the line, reverse Happy Hour, DJ/live music to utilize the stage, and perhaps a larger drink option(personal preference) would be awesome.
Overall, a great first visit and I'm looking forward to trying the food items and other tea selections as well.
ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter: \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4  *Sorry, no lap dances or champagne room here...try Spearmint Rhino or Sapphire

Located behind the building where Yosi, Kaba Curry and Bazic are at.
They had a soft-opening a few days ago and of course, they're still working on kinks and what not.
But with what I've seen and experienced so far, it's good.
They have drinks for $5 and they'll have more food soon.
We tried the French fries last night which was good.
So, the concept is like the Vietnamese coffee shops in L.A. where the girls are wearing lingerie serving drinks and chatting with customers.
And before feminist activists have a massive coronary, the girls at Cafe Teaze are of legal age and they are treated with respect by customers and the owner as well.
If not, trust me, I won't hesitate to give anyone a headbutt or an uppercut.
The Boba Babes are friendly and easy to talk to.
They're like little sisters I like to hang out with and not some cheapo's.
They taught me how to play Flappy Bird - I did terrible.
They have iced drinks and hot drinks.
Milk tea, Vietnamese coffee, iced tea and snow ice.
I've tried a few of them.
Iced Thai Tea with Boba: I love Thai tea.
It was just a tad bit too sweet when I had it but I finished it to the very last drop which means it was good.
The boba pearls were still soft despite the drink being cold.
4/5  Hot Taro Milk Tea: I've tried the iced version but the consensus is that the hot version is better.
The hot milk tea melts the soft boba releasing sweetness and thickness making it seem it has butter in it.
4.5/5  Iced Rose Milk Tea: I absolutely dislike anything rose flavored.
Rose flavored anything tastes like soap to me.
One of the Boba Babes was like, "why did you order it?
" In hopes that I would maybe one day like it - that day is now.
It has fruity and floral notes.
4/5  The place is clean and I love how they have electrical outlets and USB ports on almost every part of the shop so I can charge my phone.
Clear acrylic chairs, board games, cards, heart-shaped bendy straws, red and brown walls.
They're planning on having karaoke night or some form of entertainment in the future.
It's a nice spot to chill and hangout.
Now, if you're a sleazebag with a FUPA fetish that likes to wave your small gun around, this is not the place for you.

This may be the only time I ever give a 5 star review and never return back b/c I definitely feel like a creeper in the Teazer.
A few friends wanted to check out the cafe after indulging in a massive food coma across the street.
As we walked in I'm not gonna lie - i was nervous - it felt like going to my first nudie club when I was prepping for SATs.
Don't come off like an OCG-IT....Don' come off like an OCG-IT .that's Old Creepy Guy....In training.
I like to think i have another 5-10 years before the IT is removed.
We were greeted by Courtney who was really sweet.
She sat down with us and told us all about the menu.
I really cant remember much about the boba drink I had but for 5 bucks it was great!
We played 6-7 games of Uno with Courtney's house rules and then played a version of Big 2 or VC.
I definitely then pulled the creeper move but i SWEAR it was on accident......she asked our names and it went around the table and for some reason Charlie came out of my mouth.
If you don't know me, Charlie is no where close to what my name is.
Nowhere in the ballpark......At this time my friends were telling a story so i didnt want to butt in and after a few minutes i wasnt gonna say -- oh heyyyyy..... by the way.... my name isn't Charlie....so i ultimately passed the point of no return.
No notes needed - creepy move executed......check  Eventually later, my name came up and did the explaining.
Anyhow time flew by - things felt more natural - the girls are sweet and easy to talk to.
Take care of these girls and tip well.
They go above and beyond exemplary service of any food server.
I'm not sure if i'll be back after pulling an OCG.
Side note - As I was walking out I saw 2 master Yelpers probably the Co-Dukes not counting the owner... decked out in suits - that was pretty pimp.

I stopped in here because I was curious, since I'd never been to a place like this.
I was greeted warmly by Courtney, who explained the menu and concept.
I was seated at a table with acrylic chairs.
I had the Thai tea with boba and it was delicious.
Since it wasn't too busy Courtney stayed and talked with me for almost two hours.
At no time did I feel like an OCG...even though I am hahaha.
A few games of connect 4, a game I"ve learned to master in the bars in Thailand (saves me on lady drinks if I win).
Poor Courtney didn't have a chance.
Overall, a nice place, with soft music in the background to allow for conversation.
I'd like to see it set up with maybe a couch or two around a table for playing Jenga or more relaxation, as well as an extra TV for viewing sports.
Since they are still in the soft opening, they didn't have edaname on the menu yet, but did have popcorn chicken, French fries, and other fried foods.
I wish the owner Corsini success with this venture.
He was nice enough to come over and introduce himself, and say goodbye when I left.
I will definitely go back because of the boba tea.

I love taro milk drinks.
I love this drink even more when it's being served by a hot Asian girl.
At Cafe Teaze, there is no shortage of cute girls in sexy bikinis serving up delicious food and drinks.
The decor is eclectic with ample tables and chairs, free wifi, awesome hosts and owners.
I'm a fan and I will be coming back!

I finally got to go here with a couple of friends and had a great experience.
=)  As soon as we came in we were greeted and sat, and our Boba Babe (I feel it more appropriate than waitress or server) promptly handed us menus and let us know what was d and wasn't available as they are still in their soft opening.
Each of us ordered something different and tried the boba - it was tasty!
I tried mango with strawberry popping boba, pineapple/coconut with mango (I think) popping boba, and my own was honey milk tea with normal boba.
Our Boba Babe was super friendly and played Uno with us for a bit, making pleasant conversation.
Once it got a little bit busier, she went to attend other tables to make sure they were well taken care of.
Next time I come I want to try the rose milk tea and the coconut milk tea.

Guys, do you have a problem approaching beautiful women?
Afraid of rejection?
No idea how to start a conversation without cheezy pickup lines?
Maybe you need to feel like a man again after being beaten down at the office or just want to feel like a 10 when ladies at the club call you a six?
Two words gents, Café Teaze.
For less than half of what it cost for a dance, you can have all that plus a great milk tea.
To be clear, this is NOT a strip club!
Just a bunch of Asian ladies prancing around in their underwear doing everyday things.
You know, like serving tea and making conversation.
Normal stuff.
About the conversations, it's slightly deeper than what you expect at the Rhino or Sapphire ("Where you from?
Really?
Me too!
") but not by much.
They are however, experts at stroking your ego.
(Stop it, it's not a euphemism).
Before you go all sexist on me, I respect the servers for doing what they need to, to make a living.
Tips, from what I gave, must be good and if you got it, use it.
Am I a fan of the concept?
No.
It reminds me of the countless bars in Shibuya Japan staffed by beautiful women who, for a metered rate, talk men into feeling better about themselves.
I guess it's cheaper than a shrink.
To each his own.
Almost forgot, the teas are good.
Brews are strong, especially the flavored teas (the Passion fruit black tea borders on bitter).
Milk teas can be ordered hot or cold.
Good ratio of tea to "milk".
Boba is well cooked.
tender throughout.
The hot taro milk tea is excellent.
I take the fifth and refuse to say anymore after all, what happens in Vegas...

This place is unique as in it's the only one of its kind in Vegas.
There are lots of these places over in California.
Props to the owner for bringing this concept to sin city.
Since it's Vegas you would think that there would be more of these things here where it is stereo typical to say "Only in Vegas" and "What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas".
Here I am impressed by a lot of things.
Yes the servers or "Boba Babes" are hot and they take care of your order, but what really caught my attention (besides the obvious) is the intellect and demeanor of these young women.
Since this was my second visit (the first time I went with my wife and friends), I got the same attention in regards to service and friendly conversation.
Just like my last visit, I was a bit nervous having a hot Asian chick in lingerie talk to me (well, other than my hot wife) at first, but I used the that one piece of advice I have heard before to get over my nervousness.
You know, the one where you picture everybody in the room naked while you are fully clothed.
Only this one was opposite.
I pictured them with clothes on and of course I still had mine as well.
The result was that they were just your typical young ladies that were using what they got to earn an honest living.
After several conversations with several of the servers, I find out that some of their aspirations are actually note worthy.
Since they are all still young, they are either taking college classes or are in the process of enrolling.
Props goes out to these ladies for knowing what they want in life and just the fact that they are comfortable working at this place gives them the confidence to do anything especially in school.
As for the products, since they are still in their initial stages of opening, some of the things on the menu are not quite available.
Based on what I ordered that was available was actually pretty good so if that's any indication, im sure the full menu should be a delight to order from.
If you refer to my pic, I tried the Popcorn Chicken.
This was not your ordinary chicken bites.
It was the Taiwanese style where a lot of spices are infused into the breading so it gives it flavor and a little bit of a kick.
Im the kind that likes to dip my chicken in sauces no matter what style it is but that's just me.
You can probably eat the chicken by itself.
To wash it down, I ordered a passion fruit tea with the jello bits in it.
When my server brought it to me, I couldn't help but ask if I can take a pic of her holding it about to give to me.
She said, "Sure!
I thought you would never ask!
We did not dress up in these sexy outfits just so you can just take pics of the food and drinks.
Take all the pics you want!
" I only took that one pic because I did not want to make it look like I was a creeper even though she was comfortable with me snapping away.
Some random info.
They are open everyday from 6 pm to 2 am.
There is no minimum to use debit/credit cards.
10 percent off your bill when you check in.
They have free wifi.
Just get the password.
Awesome place to bring your laptop to study and do some homework if you are not easily distracted anyway.
If anything, the servers are probably smart enough to help you with your thesis on the Roman Empire.
I love the fact that they have plenty of power receptacles everywhere.
For those that get bored easily, they provide some games you can play with like Connect 4, Jenga, and Uno.
Once they are fully established, there will be a nice Karaoke Station set up where the stage part is.
There are also talks of a foosball and pool table.
In closing, this is not the place you think it is for you close minded peeps.
The girls that work here are actually friendly and nice to talk to.
Yes, its definitely not for kids but why would you wanna bring them here at 9 pm or later?
It's definitely an adult hangout but not a strip club where you are required to get a drink minimum or pay an insane amount just to be there.
Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #82

Ayeeee lmao

Teaze blends 2 of my favorites - milk tea drinks and sexy ladies - into a single business model.
Having heard about Vietnamese coffee shops in California featuring bikini clad women brewing coffee and serving drinks, I couldn't wait to check it out!
I mean sure I've been to restaurants and bars featuring this type of theme, but at a coffee or tea shop?
It just seems different...and unique.
The "boba babes" here or so they're called, are friendly and will usually sit and have a conversation with your table for a while.
First time here?
Ask them to recommend their favorite drink.
Here alone?
Play a game with them!
There are plenty of card and board games to choose from.
They also have free wi-fi avaiable in case you brought your iPad or laptop to get some "work" done.
Looking for Tony T?
Well you came to the right place!
Been here a couple times now since they've opened and I love their milk teas and boba drinks!
Everything has good flavor and tastes fresh, and doesn't taste like it was made from artificial powders and additives like most other places in Chinatown.
My favorite so far is the taro w/ boba, which you can get both hot or cold.
The boba is perfecty cooked and is nice and chewy.
This is probably the only tea shop where I make sure to finish all my boba instead of tossing whats left at the bottom of the cup.
Most drinks are about 5 bucks a pop and they also serve appetizers/finger foods at around the same price point although I haven't tried any of them yet.

Went to check out this place after friends talked about it on face book.
It kind of seemed like a Hooters for boba tea and in some ways it is.
The teas them selves are pretty good though they seem smaller then most other places,  though that might just be the glass jar type glasses they use that could be making them feel that way.
The actual snacks are so so,  nothing real special and also rather small but they are just snacks so the size seems fine when you remember that.
The waitresses are what most people come here for,  they're just wearing panties,  bra,  and high heels (I can not imagine what kind of pain they're in) and for the most part they are very kind and talkative like a hooters or twin peaks waitress, usually that kind of thing doesn't appeal to me but honestly it was not too bad.
Our waitress was fun to talk to as we got into some very interesting conversations.
I'll have to come again to make sure but right now this seems like a pretty good place to just drink a tea and relax but still missing a some thing to make it worth another star.

As a traveler and boba drinker, I have been to many places.
Cafe Teaze is the first of its kind in Las Vegas.
The atmosphere is great, delicious drinks and great tasting food at a reasonable price!
The staff is very polite, helpful & gorgeous.
I would recommend this place to people looking for a place to hang out, drink tea and experience something new.

No, I'm not a creep.
No, I'm not a dude behind a girl's name.
No, I'm not a lesbian.
WOULD YOU STOP THINKING LIKE THAT?
When I first saw news of this place opening, I was a little skeptical.
I mean, who wouldn't?
Should you go with a bunch of girls to check the place out so you'll know if it's safe or not for your dudes?
Or should you go with a few guys, hoping they don't embarrass you by staring at their boba babes?
Or should you take your boyfriend so neither happens?
Of course, me being me, I did the latter two.
Don't be silly.
I don't have any girlfriends.
The first time I came to Cafe Teaze was after a Yelp Event.
I dragged my tipsy male friend into the place because I was just DYING to see how it was like.
The concept is not new to me considering they do have a very famous one in SoCal.
But the key thing is, I've never been, and whenever it's something I've never been ...
I HAVE TO GO.
Their menu was simple: milk teas, flavored teas, and appetizers.
I ordered a mango green tea to try it out.
Now, a lot of other boba places that I go to in Vegas likes to mix me diabetes in a cup.
They like to give me syrup water.
I typically can never taste the tea in my flavored TEA drinks.
Like, why?
Why won't you give me tea with my tea?!
So I have to give props to Cafe Teaze.
I can taste the tea.
In fact, it is a heavy taste of tea with an almost bitter ending to it.
The second time, I came with a bunch of male friends after a birthday celebration.
I ordered a lychee green tea.
Once again, heavy tea flavor.
I love it!
I don't have to withstand this diabetes in a cup that every other place likes to give me!
We also tried their sweet potato fries and geez, they've got my heart and soul now.
A lot of other places deep fry their sweet potato fries so much to the point where I can't really taste the sweet potato from the greasy/oily flavor.
That's typically the reason why I NEVER liked sweet potato fries.
I rather you give me a WHOLE sweet potato ...
BAKED.
BUT Cafe Teaze delivers their sweet potato fries in the utmost perfect way.
Crisp enough and with full flavor.
You KNOW you're eating sweet potatoes.
Now THAT'S what I like and PREFER.
I have yet to try their milk teas so maybe next time, I'll have to give that a go.
I am also waiting for them to incorporate more teas into their menu.
I would love to see Jasmine Milk Tea or Jasmine Tea in general :)   The girls that work there, or boba babes as we call them, are all really nice.
They often will strike up a conversation with you.
They even have some board games so if you want, pull one out and start playing with the boba babes or ... as we did, with our own group LOL!
Definitely will be coming back to try more things :) Worth a visit .. but I don't suggest bringing kids haha!

Ok before you all start judging, i did not come here for the girls.
I came here strictly to try a new place, for their tea.
Between myself and a close friend of mine, we were both quite skeptical on the idea of this place.
Girls dressed in bikini's or lingerie walking around serving you.
Uhhh health safety maybe?
LOL   Came here for the first time, after a Yelp Elite event on the strip.
Got dragged by this close friend of mine to go and check this place out.
Little did we expect, we ran into quite the few yelpers as well.
As well as a uh, specific, frequent regular there.
The girls (a.k.a.
boba babes) are very nice.
They tend to want to join your group, self-inviting themselves to sit down and start up a chat with you or your group.
Do be warned, some are still under 21 (something i found out from the girl who joined us on my 2nd visit with some friends)  First visit, the menu was quite restricted, in a way.
Milk tea, flavored tea, and a small handful selection of appetizers/snacks.
My friend and I had shared a mango green tea.
OH MY GOD ... it was like syrup + tea.
yes tea.
not water.
the thing i really like about this place is their tea base is VERY strong and flavorful.
Not light at all.
But aside from that, they use a lot of flavoring/syrup/etc whatever it is.
Diabetes in a cup anyone?
Lol.
Later i found out from that uh frequent regular, that i can order it less sweetened.
Second time around, had gotten a different tea.
less sweetened.
Did definitely help on the sweetness, but still not too much of a fan of black/green tea.
But they did expand on their appetizers and serve the entire selection now.
If they did ever venture and come out with a jasmine tea though.
I think they got a regular customer.
I dont know why other places dont do it but, dang if they follow their style of strong teas, and get a strong jasmine tea.
Thats a win for me !
whether it be a lightly sweetened flavored jasmine tea or a jasmine milk tea.
sounds all good for me !
Also i heard today, from other yelper friends that the menu has been redesigned and new items have been added to the menu.
They have various board games that you can play amongst yourselves in your own group of people, or with the girls who work there.
Or you can play jenga with another friend and have the entire place of people watching you speed through... no matter what the other group of customers tell you to do to increase the difficulty (various way of setting up the jenga).
i won every game so far =X   The owner C.D.
and his wife are usually there and do come out to talk with people.
Very nice people.
Give them your input too to help them with their business !
LOL additional tips on this business... good for kids?
NOOOOOO HAHAHAHA

Good spot to hang out.
Nice views, friendly people, and board games :)  My boyfriend almost always orders the Iced Vietnamese Coffee.
It's good Vietnamese coffee.
Right amount of condensed milk where its not too sweet...it is very strong coffee, but that's Vietnamese Coffee in general.
What I have ordered:  Hot Taro- I love it best with Boba!
I've had it with and without, with boba just adds an extra touch, and you get a spoon and its easier for me not to burn my tongue.
Snow drinks: Lychee-Great blend of Lychee with ice, you can have it with strawberry/mango/or cherry popping boba.
Red Bean- it was good tastes like red bean :) I wouldn't recommend boba with snow drinks unless you don't get brain freezes...but this is good on it's own.
Reminds me of mocha.. Coconut Pineapple Snow - Tastes like a pina colada :) Without alcohol of course.
I would recommend this with popping boba.
Gives it an extra something.
**I also asked if I could mix strawberry and mango snow, and it was awesome!
Milk teas- They make this from lactose free milk :)  So if your lactose intolerant...you can still have these!
I like the milk and thai teas.
They also had a honey dew milk tea that I LOVE!
It wasn't on the menu though but hey ask and see if they have and try.
You can also make it into a snow (with cherry popping boba and it tastes like a starbursts!
)   Flavored Teas - You can get these hot or cold actually.
I like them cold but I did try one hot.
They do taste like tea more than the syrupy.
They honey black tea is good.
I prefer the snow drinks or the hot drinks mostly when I go here though.
Foods.
They have tapa and/or snacks.
:  I like the edamame but that's simple.
They also have chicken wings, which I thought were spicy.
It was a milder spicy...but it wasn't non spicy.
I like the Furikake fries, yummy!
Also they have this pineapple teriyaki meatball that's good!
it's not in the menu but I love ordering them :)  They have had it everytime I came in so that must be a new thing they may roll out on the menu.
OH and Sweet Toast!!!
Bread with condense milk!
:)  YUMMM.
Can't you tell I like sweet things?
:)  Overall GREAT place.
Awesome people.
The Girls (Boba babes) are nice and when they can they stop and talk to you and perhaps play some games.
It's a nice chill spot.
An asian style starbucks?
LoL.
Anyawys, great place should stop by and see it and try their boba.

Sorry to be the party pooper...but I don't find Cafe Teaze that great.
Actually, the best part to me is the service.
The girls were all smiles and very patient when it came to our large group.
I also commend them for having the guts to wear just lingerie - that takes lots of confidence!
However, the drinks are overpriced and not that tasty.
Maybe if they offered smaller sized drinks for a cheaper price I would be more inclined to like the place, but for 5-6.50 dollars a drink...I am most definitely turned off.
The presentation is cute, though, with the potted milk tea and the bendy straws.
The most unappealing part is the surprise "one drink per person rule".
None of the people in my party knew and we were all forced to purchase a drink.
I got a rose black tea and it was just overly overly sweet.
I couldn't even taste the black tea ):

Oh cafe tease you are wonderful.
Beauty and wonderful customer service...
They even made a Sunday for my 3 year old.
They should really have merchandise to sell as this place is kitch heaven.

Alright obviously people are here for the experience, but I literally just wanted boba on a late night and this was the only place open.
We ordered a green tea smoothie & thai tea.
The thai tea was practically all ice.
It was finished before we even received the green tea.
As for the green tea, it was very sour tasting and couldn't even finish it before I left.
Complete waste of money.
So now our experience, like stated, I just wanted boba.
I did not want some girl to sit down and fake laugh through the whole conversation.
It was rather awkward, which is pretty predictable since I am a girl, but I did go with two guys and they as well found it very forced as well.
Wouldn't want to come back..
Even if I craved boba past midnight.

This place is pretty awesome, i recommend people to try this place out.
Boba prices are a little high, but that kinda what you get when it comes to a place having girls wearing lingerie serving you.

Monica Lewinsky  Ok, so now that I have your attention, let's talk about Cafe Teaze.
It's a cross between a boba shop and a Vietnamese coffee shop, to some extent.
What the knockout for me is their plain milk tea, it is extraordinary.
The tea flavor is unmistakably noticeable without being overwhelming.
Cafe Teaze unquestionably makes some of the best boba in town.
Soft on the outside with a slight chew on the inside, it is carried out to magnificence!
Truthfully, The boba babes in their bikini's and lingerie's are another reason to pop in this budding enterprise.
Not only do they look terrific, but they are welcoming and attentive.
But please everyone, don't be a male copulatory organ and just come here just to look at the girls, order something like a drink or some food, it's still a business!!!
So in conclusion:  Knock!
Knock!
Who's There?
Teaze.
Teaze who?
Teaze me!

Ladys are friendly good customer service I got to say I been to over 15 boba places here in vegas.
I tried the thai tea with boba and the drink was pretty good.
Better than other places.
The boba is good and soft.
The thai drink was awesome.
I didn't really sit in side just got it to go.
Less than 5 mins the drink was ready.
I will defiantly come back to try others drinks.

My first experience here was awesome.
The girls were so nice and explained the menu and concept to me.
I tried the Iced Green Apple Green tea which tasted great.
I learned I am not a fan of boba as the texture threw me off but it was nice to try it.
I even got to play a few games of connect four with my waitress and meet the owner, a fellow yelper!
This is a completely different experience than any las vegas tea shoppe and it is awesome.
I admit I was uncertain at first and expected it to be more of a strip club show than an actual tea shoppe but I was wrong, the tea stands up on its own and the girls, although in lingerie (which is probably why I lost 2 of 3 games of connect four) are very professional about their job.

Solid boba option- bonus points for being open late, which really is the only reason I stopped in.
I had never heard of the boba babes concept before, and was a little intimidated to visit solo.
Well, after a long day and a brutal gym sesh, that intimidation went out the window when I wanted late-night boba.
Went in and the girls were friendly, but otherwise completely normal- I guess I was also expecting something vaguely skeezy, but it really wasn't, I am happy to say!
Opted for the lychee green tea boba and some hot wings.
A lot of reviews mention that the tea drinks are very bitter and tea-tasting, so I selected carefully with the lychee so as to still have a sweet drink- success!
Light drink with perfect boba, warm and soft and delish.
Wings were spicy hot but not temperature-hot, so I was able to eat them shortly after receiving them, which is much-appreciated.
Overall space is fairly bare but clean and minimalist- love the clear Louis XV chairs!
There's a small stage-like space to the left of the entrance, not sure what that is for.
Girls were polite and friendly, and one was interacting one-on-one with another customer, engaging him in conversation during his visit, and she seemed very genuine- not at all what I expected from just hearing the concept of this place.

Most definitely not your regular boba shop.. Just a l-i-t-t-l-e different environment.
The games they had available was enough for us to have a blast.
I would say the games we played became a little competitive lol.
We were there for 3 hours believe it or not.
One of the ladies joined in a few times throughout our stay to small talk and join in the games; the ladies are interactive with their guests.
I'm not a fan of green tea snow--yet alone any kind of green tea--but I tried theirs, I still have to say that I hate green tea.
But I want to try their strawberry snows; if they had a strawberry banana--I'd be sold.
I had their edamame and I liked it--I'd prefer if they were grilled with garlic and possibly adding a little kick of spiciness.
I would most definitely recommend trying this boba shop at least once, to see if you're comfortable with the environment [ladies with nothing but lingerie and high heels].
I would have to say that I would go here over the other boba shops in the spring mountain area.
If they had the board games Clue or Monopoly--that be better.
It was just a tad bit chilly in there though and I was wearing sweats and a shirt..
I know the ladies were freezing lol.
Nonetheless, I had a great experience as a first timer and we considered the possibility of making this our Monday night spot haha; it actually happening is probably unlikely, but I'm sure it won't be our last.
One more thing, I'm not sure if this is an 18+  boba shop, but I wouldn't recommend bringing your kids here or even anyone under the age of 18 at that.
My opinion.

After the Yelp event, I met Tony T. (The duke of Café Teaze) in the lobby and he told me some of the Yelp crew ere going to the café.
Off I went on Spring Mountain Road and after looking for a bit on the second floor of this mostly Asian food mall, I found Café Teaze on the west side of the building.
I also noted that Roger T. was already checked in here and he had created a UYE to celebrate Tony's birthday.
I opened the door and walked in to Café Teaze to see lovely ladies and some Yelp friends.
I had been a bit reticent to come here alone, so now there was safety in numbers.
Soon others arrived and we had a fine time.
One of the ladies came for my order and I got an iced taro milk tea with boba.
Tony told me that was his favorite drink--hot--so next time I'll try it that way.
The tea was excellent.
It's served in a mason jar with a handle.
I soon learned that they have snacks and I got the chance to try some popcorn chicken Taiwanese style.
Wow, great!!
The concept is fun and the ladies certainly provide great eye candy serving wearing only lingerie.
It's difficult to keep from staring and that's OK because that's part of Café ´Teaze.
I guess you could call it no guilt ogling.
I surely won't get the number of check ins Tony has, but I'll be back--for the food, of course.
Oh, and the tea!
It's sort of like getting Playboy solely for the articles.
To see the ladies, look at Tony's photo, the first one.

Good concept but poorly executed.
Since I am a girl, I know that this review might sound negatively biased.
I have been here twice and sincerely tried to like it..
Here are my main complaints: -Drinks are too sweet!!
I ordered a rose green tea and it tasted like sugar water.
-The snacks don't really impress...small portions and bland.
-Interior design is lacking.
Maybe add some more tv screens, change the lighting, add some wall art, or table games?
-Today, my order came out wrong and a friend of mine received her potstickers still cold.
Customer service is fine and the girls are pretty cute if you are in to hs girls.
Overall it's a cool place to show my guy friends however, I would personally prefer to have tea and snacks somewhere else.
Go here if you just want to see young girls in lingerie and are not concerned with ambiance or the taste of your food.

I really want to like this place.
A few of my friends go fairly regularly and after seeing some of their FB posts I decided to give it a try.
My first visit was lacking in service.
I went again but had the same problem.
Neither of the times I went were busy but my server (same for both times) was rarely available.
She spent most of her time at the tables with large groups or in the back.
During one of the visits I had to go to the counter to request utensils and condiments.
I went back to my table and waited but they were never brought over.
I wanted to order more but the server never made it back, so I just went up to the counter to pay my bill.
Service aside, the drinks and food were good and fairly priced.
Some people complain about the drinks being too sweet but I actually prefer it that way.
I'm hoping that as business increases they'll have more tables and more food offerings, including dessert.

I don't know what's worse, the drinks or the fat girls serving it.
Maybe both.
#NotBlessed #DaddyIssues

Different concept.
I mean its las vegas so what do you expect?!
Ladies are wearing lingerie while serving you boba!
Boba is really good though :) i'd come back if i didn't feel a little awkward.
Hahaha   Good service, nice people place is not just for me.
Hahah

The concept of this place is unique in Vegas.
Basically, you've all heard it; boba girls serve you drinks in their lingerie.
Their service is impeccable.
The girls are always smiling and friendly.
I've been here 3 times and the service has been consistently great.
They have board games to play.
The girls sit down with you and chat as well as play board games with you.
So why the three stars you ask?
Honestly, I really wanted to like this place because the people here are really kind and it's not like a typical boba shop.
I came for boba, and it's just too overwhelming on sweetness and the price is way too expensive for a little serving of tea.
The first time I went I ordered a boba milk tea.
Way too powdery and left a weird after taste in my mouth.
I always compare milk tea to the ones I've had in Hong Kong and it just felt like powder that wasn't fully blended into the water.
The second time, I ordered a flavored black tea, I can't remember if it was mango or passion fruit, I just remember something fruity.
The tea taste is pretty good but I just can't handle all that sugar.
I'd suggest going for black tea if you don't like it too sweet.
The latest time I went I ordered a kumquat black tea.
The tea was just too sweet once again.
I expected it to be overly sour because it is a kumquat after all but once again I am having trouble with how sweet it is.
I still come here because the service is good and to take first timers that want to go but it's really painful on the belly to suffer all that sugar.
Don't be discouraged, I'd recommend checking it out at least once.
If you like service, sweet drinks, and girls then you wouldn't have a problem here.
But if you want the tea, I wouldn't come here for it.

3.5 stars but I'll round up.
Been here multiple times and never really had a bad experience.
However, did have awkward experiences haha.
My first time was with bun and got my Rose MT.
Pretty sweet where I could taste the rose so I was satisfied.
But it was a little hard to concentrate when the cashier, with really big boobs, was taking our order.
I looked for bun and me - sorry but they were huge lol.
It was also a bit different with another waitress asking if I enjoyed my drink...when I have not taken a sip of it yet lol she was trying to be friendly, but I guess it felt a bit forced.
Other times I went with bun and guy friends, bun made me realize that tipping there may only be for the experience - not so much the food.
The popcorn chicken we ordered was dinky and more of like an appetizer size - costing $5.25, unfortunately it was very delicious, comparable to SF.
The drinks also, are a bit pricey, small mason jar MT dine-in is about $5 I believe and with choice of syrup, it's around $5.50 - so a snack is as much as a drank lol  ^ going off of going with guy friends, this place is more of the experience not so much the food/beverages....  And prepare to not cock-block your guy friends too when you go.
Waitresses come to you less when a female is present lulz....  really.
that wasn't my intention, guys.
honest.

Re writing my review the owner handled the situation with professionalism and handled the situation with etiquette not displayed at other business.
I will definitely give it another shot

From iced teas to flavored snow ice, this place is a great spot to relax and talk to girls in bikinis

you might think a place where the waitresses are in lingerie would be sketchy yet it's anything but.
the place is immaculate and the girls make it warm and comfortable.
i noticed quite a few customers are women so even they're comfortable with the environment.
Courtney and Deanna are way awesome.
their positive attitude is catchy.
dig the food, the games, the drinks [kick ass boba.
yummy!
], and especially the music.
a fun place to escape and just chill.

Above average powder-based drinks at an above average price.
Cafe Teaze is hidden away on the backside of the Thai place in an Asian strip mall (2nd floor).
They are a Vietnamese Coffee Shop, e.g.
cafe that serves food and drink with waitresses in lingere.
I've been to coffee shops like this before, but they were ghetto and full of smoke.
Cafe Teaze is modern and clean, and apparently gets packed later on at night.
The ladies themselves were not at tip top physicial condition as those you may find in LA.
THE DRINKS: I came here because the drinks sounded good.
They are powder based but surprisingly, I loved the hot taro milk tea with boba (ask for half sweet).
The potted milk tea was pretty good but small and expensive.
It's milk tea topped with whipped cream and chocolate cookie crumbles.
Total for two came out to $12, yikes!
You're paying for the novelty of the mason jars and glasses, and the fact that you can talk to ladies in their lingerie.
They also have a small selection of hot foods/snacks.
For the boba lovers, it's pretty standard.
I would probably opt based on size, value and quality to go elsewhere.

I will give this place two stars because it has a wonderful concept that I might implement better elsewhere.
--- Everything here costs too much.
A mango slushie is literally crushed/blended ice with mango syrup sugar juice, in a mason jar,  $5.50; maybe worth $3.
A plate of 'furikake' fries were $4; maybe worth $3, also.
Got 5 mozzarella sticks for $4, though; unfortunately the half container of cold marinara sauce covered maybe 2.5 of them.
The place itself feels like some wide open spaced weirdo cafeteria cafe -- like Starbucks, but Starbucks has better lighting and branding on-par with its actual brand.
"Cafe Teaze: Tease With The Tease" is their slogan/catchphrase and really makes little to no sense.
Especially with their stark ass lighting.
Dim the lights, paint the walls like you have 'em in the bathroom, and stop with the shitty acrylic/lucite/whatever clear plastic chairs from Crate and Barrel (you know the ones I'm talking about).
Get some couchy slouchy chairs and love seats, get some COFFEE (or tea?
) tables, and I think your business will go up.
Great concept, definitely expandable, take it where you know it can go and don't half ass it.
Sorry for the honesty; please don't penalize my friend next time he comes in.
(aside: maybe matchin uniform for the girls?
could be a nice touch.

