Good stuff!
If you care about the quality of your coffee, this is the place to be.
edit: I've gone here a few more times and have greatly enjoyed the secret menu items that outshine the frozen hot chocolate-- its subtle variations: Nutella and Milky Way.

The cafe latte here is really very good!
And goes down smooth!!
Thank God for WUB - I can now enjoy lattes again!!
I love lattes, and used to enjoy them alot.
Over the years, something changed where lattes did not like me.
I'd indulge in a latte, and shortly thereafter, feel a burning, ulcer like discomfort.
Happened so often that I had to stop the lattes.
But after 5 trips and 5 lattes, I can say the WUB latte is going down smooth :) They serve Intelligentsia Coffee.
Great stuff!!
Thanks for brewing such a fine cup of coffee!!

Best coffee in the area.
Very friendly too.

I've been coming here for a few months as I live in the area.
I usually order a latte, they are good hot or iced.
The owner and staff are very friendly.
I would highly recommend this place if you are in the area and need a caffeine fix.

Yum!
There isn't many coffee shops around this area, there's a few but they are half cafés.
This place is just coffee and teas, I'm typically a straight coffee drinker but I tried the latte here and it was delicious.
I've had both the hot coffee and the latte (my boyfriend loves the ice lattes) and I'm not disappointed by any means.
This is exactly what we need!
It's a little difficult to find.
It's under the we sell gold sign so don't be discouraged when you don't see a sign for the place.

We are in from Texas and happened upon WhereUBean and were pleasantly surprised.
Great little coffee shop!
Clean, comfy, and nice staff!!!
The coffee is very good, according to my very picky friend and their new chai tea is delicious!!!
If we're ever in Phoenix again, we will definitely visit again!!

Loved their coffee.
Brought one home for my honey and he loved it to.
Worth the trip!

Where U Bean might be a little tricky to find because the sign from the outside says "Sell Us Your Gold" because it also operates as a Gold store.
Where U Bean has provided a great service and it's a great hotspot for my friends to hang out with on a Friday night Happy Hour.
It's got a very promising setup and has excellent baristas who have always provided quality work.
I'm more interested in Frappuchino's and Lattes rather than actual coffee, but all their products have been delicious, at an affordable price, and timely in service.
Where U Bean proudly serve quality baked goods with the award winning Cheesecake brownie, banana pudding, assorted cookies.
Where U Bean also has a rewards punch card service.
There's a lot of amenities inside the store with a TV, couch to relax on, or chairs and tables if you really want to get work done.
There's a certain charm that this place provides that gives a different vibe than other coffee shops.
I would highly recommend this place to everyone.

Do not get turned off that you are buying coffee from a "sell your gold" store.
The lattes I tried have been consistently good.
The owner is super friendly and willing to customize: from syrups and alternative milks to how much ice you want in your ice latte.
The seating is ok, nothing special.
A few tables and couches in a sparsely decorated space with the "sell your gold" office in a corner.
There are also a couple tables outside.
But I come for the coffee, that's why the 5 stars.

Super friendly service- he made sure my drink was made exactly the way I wanted.
It's a little hard to find- it's right at the end of the shopping center next to ZK grill.
The best coffee in Ahwatukee- definitely worth going out if your way for!

I'm very excited that this place exists.
I am obsessed with coffee and had no idea that this place was around until I found it on Yelp a few days ago.
It operates out of a "Sell Us Your Gold!
" place and there is zero indication that there is a coffee shop there anywhere that faces a main street so it's hard to find.
Just know that it's the "Sell Us Your Gold" place on the NW corner of 48th street and Chandler, in the plaza with Tukee's.
Anyway, the coffee is great.
I always get iced coffee at new places like this, and I've had both the cold brew and iced coffee.
Both were great, very smooth.
The barista seems to be super cool with custom orders and such.
As far as seating goes, there isn't much but the place has been nearly empty every time I've gone so it doesn't really matter.
What I did notice is it's very quiet - no music or anything.
Which I personally like, and maybe it will change depending on the time of day.
This would be a great place for working in quiet.
I'm excited to try the teas in the future.
Go to this place and help keep it in business!
I really missed having a coffee shop close to home!

Stunning coffee in the burbs.
Life saver.
The cups are large so I was imagining a milky weak latte.
Not so.
Brilliant cup of perfect strength coffee.
Osama understands aussie coffee snobs.

Outstanding little place for coffee fans.
Customer service is great!

I thought I would always have to wait until our next trip to Chicago or LA to get our Intelligentsia fix but Yelp has done it again.
Who would've thought we would find it less than 10 mins away in Ahwatukee?
The barista was friendly and helpful while we perused the drinks.
Went in on a Friday morning around 9:30 am and we were the only customers - can't beat walking right up for service!
I always have to put on my game face when we go to Intelligentsia in LA or Chicago because we always feel the judging when we ask for milk or sugar or god forbid flavored syrup in our coffee.
This place has several common flavored espresso combinations for you to consider (pretty sure you can ask for your own combinations as well) and also had a separate board above the register with options for the purists.
They have a variety of pastries, biscotti, and bars for you to purchase.
The space to relax and sit in is more spacious and inviting than I thought it would be considering it is shared with a gold buying business (the only signs of which were the main sign outside and business cards at the end of the counter).
My caramel macchiato was spot on (a good balance between sweet and coffee flavor) and my husband's plain latte was nice and smooth.
They also have a small bar with different ways to sweeten your drinks (honey, agave, cane sugar, etc).
I'm also happy that they sell the Intelligentsia whole beans (the espresso and regular coffee) there as well - a nice balance for when we want to make it at home in our own espresso machine and don't want to buy it in store.
It also beats buying just from the website and having to wait several agonizing days for it to be delivered - instant gratification!
I spoke with the barista and he said they buy direct from the LA roasting branch so it's pretty fresh in my book!
Prices were very reasonable - we did have a BOGO coupon mailer with us but the loyalty cards they provide helps too (buy 9 regular priced cups get the 10th free).
My medium caramel macchiato was $4 and change and my husband's latte was about $3ish.
We didn't stay to relax but we will in the future and love having this down the street from us.
Serious coffee lovers rejoice!

I went to WhereUBean yesterday after yoga with a friend yesterday after finding that most coffee places in Ahwatukee are closed at 4...what?
It's true.
Anyway, finding this place is a bear...the sign says 'Sell us your gold'... doesn't scream coffee shop.
Turns out that the place is also a gold shop....but the owner always dreamed of having a coffee shop so he added one on...pretty strange stuff.
The guys who work there were nice and the prices were decent.
Also, they use Intelligentsia coffee, which is pretty good stuff.
I had a latte and it was good, not the best I've ever had, could have had more foam, but good flavor.
My friend had a vanilla latte and said that though it was not very sweet, it tasted good.
I would go back if I were in the area and wanting coffee.

I just tried this place out for the first time and I've found my new coffee spot.
The employees were helpful, friendly, and hilarious.
I got a custom drink not on the menu and it was served up with a sample of their cold brew and plenty of witty banter.
The coffee here is to die for, I'll definitely be back again tomorrow.

Stopped in here for the 1st time this weekend and will definitely be coming back.
The guys were very sweet and helpful and made sure to give us exactly what we asked for, and they even took the time to educate us on their coffee.
I live that their coffee is organic as well as delicious!

Intelligentsia coffee!
Finding this place has been one of the greatest coffee finds I have experienced in small coffee shops in different cities.
This place takes very good consideration enjoyment from the baristas in making your coffee your way.
The coffee bean itself is what helps set this place apart from traditional places.
I had never tried Intelligentsia and I can honestly say it is a very great coffee bean to drink.
The shop is located in a small strip center in front of LA fitness gym where ultimately the business started as sell your gold and it's quickly changed to premium coffee espresso and #whereubean!
It has a couple of couches tables and chairs with the TV playing music and offers a few pastries snacks and biscotti type cookies!
I will certainly return to this shop anytime I Tempe which is always great because the hotel I stay at is just blocks away!

I was looking for a coffee shop close to my husbands work to study at & decided to search for one on Yelp.
This place is really quaint & the employees are really friendly.
They use Intelligentsia which is a massive plus.
It's a little hard to find because the sign says "Sell Us Your Gold" but from what their barista says they are planning on changing the signage.
Definitely going to regular this place.

WhereUBean is worth searching for.
Near the northeast corner of E. Chandler Blvd.
and S. 48th St., it is in the strip behind Tukee's restaurant; at the S. 48th St. entrance to the parking lot, look for "Sell Us Your Gold" (and I understand from the barista that they still do buy gold).
It is an unpretentious coffee shop, a smallish place with a few tables and a couple of couches, no funky decor, just delicious coffee in a relaxed atmosphere, and they play really good music (jazz the two times my friends and I met there).
My friends and I like to go out for coffee in the mornings, and when we were there, the coffee shop was not crowded, although people came for to-go coffee throughout our stay.
The barista was friendly, seemed to really enjoy his job, and made a couple of great cappucinos.
Definitely worth the search.

The "sell us your gold" threw us off so we drove past but once inside the decor and ambiance is very laid back and relaxing.
I was very excited to see they had #Intelligentsia coffee and did a pour over just like my favorite shop on #Venice Beach.
We will come back.

SSSOOOOO excited to check this place out when I heard they sell Intelligentsia Coffee.
I've only been twice (two days in a row...heh) and was more then happy with both visits.
The espresso sells itself, they use Trader Joe's almond milk, free wifi, and the baristas are super friendly and accommodating.
The space is quaint, a couple tables and couches, and you can't tell that it's a place that buys gold at all.
I even saw a Settlers of Catan game board!
The only downfall is that they have no sign, which makes it extremely difficult to find; there's only a "We Sell Gold" sign out front.
However, we were told by the barista that they are in the process of changing signs.
This is a must for all coffee-lovers in AZ!

This is a really great find.
I heard about this place through the flyers I get in the mail back in November.
I was curious and went to go, but I seriously couldn't find it for the life of me!
So I turned around and went home.
It wasn't until a week ago, when I received another flyer that I was adamant about finding this place, and so I yelped it and read reviews and found out it was camouflaged with the "sell us your gold" sign!
I'm from Chicago and so yes, intelligentsia coffee is familiar to me.
I loved the place and the staff are very helpful and knowledgable about their coffees.
I look forward to coming back now I know where it is!

Truly excellent coffee, only wished that it opened earlier so we could stop more often.
Owner/ barista was very nice and personable when we stopped by on 6/22 afternoon making us like the place even more.
Highly recommend.

Better than Starbucks -- I don't even mind that it's slightly out of my way and doesn't have a drive-thru.
Besides being cheaper, the americanos (my favorite) are cheaper and smoother here.
The blended drinks are priced similarly to Starbucks, but the largest size is HUGE and they'll make it with your milk of choice.
Aside from Whole Foods, this is the only place I've been able to find (that's still open) on this side of town that offers almond and/or coconut milk.
The crimson tea is also great.
Service is a little slower, but it's typically one guy manning the register, making my drink, and being friendly all at the same time so I'll take it.
If you're using debit/credit and the owner rings you up, he skips the "Tip" option when you're checking out  -- I'm sure a lot of store owners wouldn't do that so it stood out as a positive.
However, I typically try to bring cash because I know credit/debit fees make a big difference for independent stores and I definitely want to see this place stick around.

Was planning on hanging out there with a friend to try out their coffee but it wasn't open past 8:30PM on a Friday night!
Yelp advertised that it was going to be open until 10PM!
Company website link is dead.

I'm very confused with the amazing and shiny (5 star) reviews.
Deviated from the traditional starbucks run last week to give this local small business place a try.
The employees/baristas seemed very nervous and inexperienced.
Tried the iced coffee (toddy), it was almost sour - brewed coffee was okay.
The ambience was uncomfortable at best, and my whole experience was a little strange/weird.
This place needs a lot of work, training, etc - to compete with other small coffee shops.
I would love nothing more than to support a local coffee shop without the 'starbucks' name, but I will not be returning.
3 stars (opposed to 2), because I love coffee.

