I'm only giving them 2 stars because of the name, the doughnuts are good better than the local grocer but the wait here is unbelievable, while standing in line I watched 3 people say screw it and leave and there was only a total of 8 of us in line to begin with.I left home 15 mins early to give myself time to get in and get out and still ended up being 20 mins late for work.
This is the 3rd time this has happened since I've been there so I won't be back.

History lesson: Krispy Kreme is recovering from going out of business you would naturally assume it was because they had a poor product and the business suffered the consequences.
That is not true in this case.
From what I am able to determine the major shareholders voted and made it so that only a major shareholder could start a franchise they then ran the franchises for 2 years and sold the franchise back to the company for the purchasing price.
That is like I bought a car from you and got to drive it for 2 years and then sold it back to you for the same price I bought it for.
Hmmm.
Needlesss to say this is a violation of GAAP (generally accepted accounting practices) and completely unsustainable.
The company collapsed and thousands lost their jobs.
In fact the only people who were not hurt in the collapse were the franchise owners/major shareholders, yes the people who caused the collapse and misery made millions while everyone else was hosed.
Now the franchise owners/major shareholder are at it again.
To the review: This store only makes glazed donuts which are good but every other donut is made off site.
Does dunkin donuts or rainbow donuts just down the street do that?
I don't know.
the donuts they make fresh were great just not worth the almost 2 hour drive to get them.
I remember them being larger and better tasting.

I was raised on real Krispy Kreame doughnuts.
I grew up in Baton Rouge Louisiana and was so excited to see Krispy Kreme come back to the valley.
I live out in Goodyear so one opening up on 35th ave was a joy because i will drive for a good doughnut.
I am so disappointed...This location gets the doughnuts in already made and sends them through a warmer then into the glazing machine.
Yes you can serve hot doughnuts all day long but they are very stale..Ive tried this location at least 4 times and all 4 times it was at least a 15 minute wait and my doughnuts were not fresh at all.
Boo to you Krispy Kreme for trying to cut corners because you cut all the quality out of a very yummy product.
I just got back from California today and on the way home stopped at a real Krispy Kreme and my doughnuts even now after making a 6 hour trip are fresher than the ones i get at this Indian School Rd location.

Worst donuts!!!
I came 26 minutes before it was supposed to be closed.
And as I walked to the door.
The workers turned off the lights.
Apparently they don't want business.
Will never come to this place again.
As a result of them closing early I have called corporation.
If this is a franchise I hope it gets taken over.

Review at the bottom-- Picky Much?
I love thats theres a Krispy Cream on this side of town now !
Drive thru is a plus donuts same delicious qaulity , customer service is fair Im happy there coming back way better than Dunkin in my opinion.

Terrible customer service.

Great staff, awesome selection of goodies.
More than helpful and fresh on the spot.
Store crew was helpful for there are some treats we haven't had...birthday cake and the brownie batter?
Yep, surely can't be a bad way to start the morning.
Don't forget the milk!

I went into the store at 7:30 a.m. one work day.
I was highly impressed with the cleaniness of the interior.
Two ladies were behind the counter adorned with smiles and eager to toss some hot donuts into boxes.
Too, Krispy Kreme is running a sweet deal...basically 2 dozen donuts for the price of 1!

On July 11 Krispy Kreme ran a special, buy one dozen donuts and get a dozen glazed donuts for 77¢.
We arrived at 2:30PM and waited only a minute or so to be helped.
I ordered a dozen chocolate covered and a dozed glazed.
The nice girl helping me told me they were out of glazed but she would give me a second dozen chocolate donuts for the special price.
I accepted the offer.
Before she could box up the two dozen donuts, several other customers had entered and placed orders.
The short version of this story is they RAN OUT OF DONUTS!
I don't mean they ran out of chocolate donuts, they had NO MORE DONUTS AT ALL!
I looked in the back (you know how you can see the donuts being made?
) and sure enough there weren't any donuts cooking.
That's some pretty poor planning.
I asked when they expected more donuts to be ready.
I was told after 4:00PM, over an hour later.
So, my one star rating is because I never even got to try the donuts!
To be honest, I'm sure I'll go back to this location at some point, but I won't go out of my way.
It just isn't worth it when I run the chance that they won't have any donuts.

