My pool has never looked better!!
I get it serviced once a week and it is still really affordable.
I also had a problem with my hot tub not working and the gentleman was able to figure out the problem, special order the parts, and it was working two days later.
I would highly recommend Aqualux to anyone who appreciates the personal service you receive from an independent company that is the same if not better than one of the bigger chains.

I have a pool that is old and had what I considered to be an expensive repair.
George came over and made an assessment letting us know that it was a simple repair of leaking pipes and we did not require a new expensive pool pump.
All I can say is that is pure integrity.
He cleaned my pool and was prompt, quick and courteous.
The biggest thing for me was his high level of professionalism in his presentation and demeanor....!
You don't see a lot of that in Vegas.
I would highly recommend George and know without a shadow of a doubt that if you call him you are in the "best of hands"!
Andrea W

I got the house in the divorce & didn't know a single thing about pools since ex husband canceled pool service.
A friend recommended this place & the guy was out the very next morning.
My pool was GREEN and he turned it back to pretty blue.
A week later I had a problem with the spa and it was fixed asap.
Fast, reliable and honest!
I called around and they were the best price.
I will never use anyone else.

George is great.. Professional, friendly, shows up every week rain or shine and keeps the pool looking clean and blue.
Great pool service, highly recommended.
He is great with my puppy too.

Aqualux is an amazing pool servicing company!
George at Aqualux has been very professional, friendly, and thorough!
We have had a couple of other pool servicing companies and Aqualux is by far the best.
Our pool has never been so clean and has never run so well.
George has gone above and beyond to ensure our pool is at its best.

Awesome company, awesome service.
I'm a first time pool owner, and George was great at showing me the ropes.
I'm still learning, and he's always there to give me the information I need even if it's not my scheduled day for service.
I would HIGHLY recommend Aqualux to anyone looking for honest, reliable pool maintenance and care.

I will says that George is very personable, however I cannot say he provided excellent service.
We initially called him out to clean our filters.
Instead he talked us into monthly service.
During that time, about six weeks,  our pool went from green to greener.
Each time we discussed our concerns he apologized and made promises...including cleaning our filters.
We finally let him go.
When we had another company clean our filters, the filters were disgusting and had never been cleaned by George.
When we contacted him, he claimed we let him go too soon and he wanted to add algaecide to the pool before cleaning the filters.
When confronted with text messages that said, "I will do it today," he claimed it was a miscommunication.
He gets one star for being polite, but none for taking good care of our pool.

