If you put up with their small previous location you will like the larger restaurant and especially the parking.
Food is still the same which means it is a James Beard Award Restaurant.
Don't come here for the ambiance or the interior designs, come for any I the Frybread combos or just plain.
I prefer the green chili Frybread Taco and the simple Frybread with honey and white sugar.
They need to add a Navajo Burger (two burger patties in a Frybread with tomatoes and lettuce to their menu, would be a big seller.
Would recommend eating and being done before dark, not the best place at night.
Will come back very soon and would recommend others here.

In my first visit to the new location, the food was as good as I remembered from a too-long ago visit to the tiny and now closed 7th Ave location.
I was hungry and pleasantly surprised at how both tasty and filling was but a single bowl of the hearty beef stew and a plain fry bread ($8).
The fry bread was fresh and warm, lightly oily, easy to tear into strips, and delicious, with a light, tender texture.
It's walk-up counter order & pay.
Staff then delivers your food on plastic tray, and clears your table after.
The hodge-podge of different style tables, chairs, and booths left over from the location's former occupant, "Pancho's", fills the dining room.
Nothing fancy but it works okay.
Off the main dining room a sign designates the attached room "Indian Market" and invites the guest to purchase direct from Native American artists.
Inside, two Native American women and the daughter of one displayed their jewelry of turquoise, silver, and more on a couple folding tables under too-dim lighting in this, the old Pancho's Mexican Buffet on the south side of Indian School across from Panda Express - and just diagonally across and down the street from "the other" well-known fry bread place in town.
I hope the proximity of the two locations is not too damaging to either  It occurred to me that given the size of this place, that with time this could become a happening restaurant and Native American gallery/cultural center.
Before that could happen however, there's some  sprucing up to do.
It's an old building that shows considerable wear, and the restaurant was not as clean as it should have been on this occasion: my arm stuck to the first table I sat at, one men's room stall was without TP, and the other had mounds of it on the floor (though was otherwise reasonably neat and clean).
To their credit,  the sticky table was cleaned immediately on bringing it the attention of the young woman at the counter.
She also said she would alert someone to the mess of paper on the floor of the larger stall and explained they were having trouble with the ancient toilet paper dispensers unraveling paper to the floor.
Four stars for the food and the pleasant and competent woman at the counter.
She was also both friendly and competent in taking orders, answering questions about the food, and running the register.
Minus one star for what I hope are temporary less-than optimal conditions, but the food was very good and I'll be back.

Why not 5 stars?
The location.
I was a little creeped out by the location and the strange building next to it.
There were some real sketchy lookin' dudes hanging out over there.
Parking lot was kiiiinda small, but we found a spot.
Other than location, it's great!
I was craving Indian Fry Bread and Googled restaurants...this seemed like our best bet.
I'm so glad we chose it.
The fry bread taco was faaaaaantastic (exactly what I was craving), and the posole was AMAZING!
I didn't really like the chocolate butter dessert frybread; I'd probably go with honey & powdered sugar next time.
The decorations were very nice.
The customer service was...decent.
There was a nice Indian lady outside (despite the sweltering heat) making and selling jewelry.
It was nice to look at & if that's your style she had some good prices.
I would definitely go back.
However, I might bring a gun or pepper spray next time.
Lol.

This was my first visit to The Fry Bread House since they moved from 7th Ave. and Indian School to 10th St. and Indian School.
I used to LOVE, I mean absolutely LOVE it.
Today's experience was awful, though.
They must have left the recipe back at the old joint (lol).
Today I got the hominy stew with a plain fry bread on the side.
Usually this stew is absolutely delicious.
The meat has always been very tender and flavorful.
Today, the meat was very tough and hard.
The stew had no flavor, whatsoever.
It was very bland.
Just nasty.The fry bread didn't even taste good.
It was VERY greasy.
I was not impressed at all with my visit.
My husband also said that he visited a couple of weeks ago as well and also noticed that the food wasn't as good as it usally is.
I don't know, maybe they need some time to get back into the groove of things but I definitely won't be going back for a while.

Looove fry bread!
Om nom nom....
Normally I look forward to state fairs or festival type gatherings to get fry bread, but ever since I had this fry bread there is no need to wait!
In fact, the Fry Bread House is much better than any other I have tried, so I skip it unless I am here.
I usually get the Indian Taco, which is fry bread with beans, cheese, and lettuce.
Big serving..  you will be more than satisfied.
Do not forget to try the honey and powder sugar!
Amazing and worth the extra calories.

Ideal for the taste of home for fellow Natives in the area.
Downside there is no ventilation inside in the restaurant; hot and a little humid.
Customer service could be improved.
Overall if you need your frybread fix in the city this is the place to get it.

When I think of Arizona and food I think of Indian Fry Bread.
I'm so happy that this full service restaurant exists and that I don't have to go to a stand on a dirt road alongside an Indian tourist attraction to indulge in my fry bread cravings.
This is a big open restaurant.
Service is a bit slow but very kind and friendly.
It's definitely a family run operation.
Alongside their fry bead they also have an American Indian style flour tortilla type bread that they had as a special wrapped around hot dogs.
Very unique.
Green chile.
Red chile stews with hominy.
Delicious tacos made with the fry bread as a shell.
One taco is a pretty substantial order.
Dessert also features the frybread.
You can have it simply dusted with powdered sugar or drizzles with honey and melted butter among many other creative combinations.
Ahh the versatile and delicious Indian fry bread.

Giving two stars for the benefit of the doubt.
Stopped by to try the fry bread which I had heard was a must try.
We went in, looked at the menu and decided we were going to get takeout.
Stood at the counter, a woman was cleaning some equipment, she saw us, never said a thing.
Not a 'someone will be with you', 'hold on let me get someone', nothing Just kept cleaning, gave it a few more minutes and then we left, figured they didn't need our business.

The fry bread was flat out amazing!
I wasn't sure what to expect the first I ate here and I was pleasantly surprised with my choice.
I got the beef taco with red sauce.. literally to die for.
Unfortunately it's more unhealthy than I would like but sometimes the best tasting food is bad for you.

Definitely needs improvements on customer services.
Stews were not properly warmed up & served cold.
Which was probably made the the day before or two & got refrigerated.
To salty & soggy on the stews as well.
Fry bread is good but it could be better.

For real.. place was boo boo.
My native friend hyped this shit up, and brought me a supreme damn indian taco.
That muddafunka was weak sauce.
Not much flavor in the red chili.
Beans were meh..
Cheese... Lettuce.
Sour cream.
Overall plain as fugg..
I decided to give them another try, cuz I was craving some damn menudo, and no place has menudo during the week.
Me and my coworker Fernando hit up the FBH at 11am.
I ordered menudo.. Fernie was in line right behind me bout ta order when some fine thang who reminded me of a Brown Stallion Horse with skates on came up and told the clerk, "skuse me..deyyzz supposed ta be sep-rit oah-duz.
"  the clerk looked at her like she was a terrorist, and let out a super long, loud, and frustrated, "Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkk!!!
!­"  The shit was disrespectful as hell.
Whatever..
I sat down and waited for my menudo.
You figure it should probably take 5 minutes or less to take a laddle.. dip the muthafunka in a big ass pot of pre-made soup.. pour it into a styrofoam container.. put a lid on it.. put it in a brown bag.. toss a pre-made baggie of onion and cilantro in.. grab a piece of fry bread form the muthafunka crankin out frybread.. toss that shit in the bag.. and shout out a nigga name.
Nah man.
Their shitty ass process took 30 fuckin minutes!!!
Then I took that shit out of the bag!
"WTF is this???
" I said.
FBH hooked up a midget ass little cup of menudo, and some fried dough for 7 bucks.
My other spot does like 3 times that for less money!
Stingy ass FBH.. You guys can suck one.
That ish didn't even taste good.
Work on your broth mane, and throw some damn limes in the bag.
Eff this place man.
Don't go here-

I would rate this place a two and a half at most.
Lots of dirty tables that need to be cleaned.
Very slow service.
No one greeted us when we came in.
My order was wrong, and so over stuffed that I had a hard time eating it.
The red chilie was very good.
My wife and son liked thiers.
Prolly won't return.

My friend hyped this place up so I finally came.
I ordered the pasole and it came out cold.
I'm not sure if that is how they sell it or maybe they just didn't warm it up.
Obviously it's not fresh!
I will probably try it one more time to see if they have a better option on their menu.
I really want to like it because I loved them at their previous location

Here is the paradox of the Fry Bread House.
You want to eat your fry bread while it's sizzling hot and freshly puffed, at which point it is light, airy, and gently crisp -- a superlative fry bread that leaves many other fry breads deflated with shame at not measuring up to its texture.
At the same time, eating in is likely to harsh your buzz, as the restaurant has the eerie dive-iness of a place that's kept scrupulously clean but that's too big to be properly lit and decorated on the available budget.
My suggestion would be to stop by before a show at the nearby Rhythm Room, get your fry bread "to go," hustle back to the venue at top speed, and eat your piping hot fry bread on the picnic tables before the doors open.
I ordered mine with beans and cheese, and these are fine beans.
Now I'm torn between wanting another savory round with many things heaped on it (bring on the chorizo!
) and wanting to try 'em with sweet toppings.

Most large cities have their unique cuisine: Go to New York - get the pizza or a Coney Island Dog.
Go to Chicago - get the deep dish pizza.
Go to New Orleans - get the jambalaya and the gumbo.
Go to Boston - get the lobster.
Go to Philadelphia - get a cheese steak sandwich.
Come to Phoenix - get Indian Fry Bread.
Maybe you've seen fry bread at a carnival served with powdered sugar, cinnamon, and honey.
That's a good dish but there's so much more to this Navajo specialty.
I like it served as a beef taco but there are a number of variations with and without meat.
Unfortunately I don't get here as often as I'd like but when I do come I'm never disappointed (OK, the service can be a bit sketchy).

Really enjoyed the food.
Big portions and happy kids.
Even had homemade jewelry for sale so the girls loved getting new necklaces and son loves his dream catcher.

If there was a Zero star that's what this place would have gotten overly priced for just ground beef and the fry bread alone $6.50 no cheese,lettuce etc.
They must don't know their competition here in Phoenix like White Eyes FryBread where you get any topping added to your choice of meat for $6.
The cinammon honey sugar FryBread was bland!
Was in booth less than 3 mins after receiving food...
Starving still and disappointed!
Don't trust other reviews I did coming from N.Phoenix

Best favorite so far is their green chili stew, but overall great chow!
If your in the mood for authentic Native American food (none of that fair stuff made by non-natives) I'd recommend this as the place to go.

While Fry Bread House East gets 5 stars I can only give the Phoenix location 4 stars.
Still good fry bread but not as good as their other location.
We've eaten at the old location on 7th  several times and a couple of times on Indian School.
The difference seems to be in the fry bread itself, the Baseline location fluffier and perfectly cooked while the Indian School location was a bit thinner and a little greasy.
Both locations share the same excellent red and green chile and beans.

This is my go to place whenever I'm in the mood for fry bread.
Since I'm vegetarian I order their Indian Taco most of the time.
Their dessert fry breads are really good too.
The restaurant is a bit pricey in my opinion and it sucks that they moved from 7th Ave to 10th street.
The workers aren't all that friendly sometimes but I truly enjoy the food here.
Overall I feel this place is worth 4 stars.

Maybe im crazy but I went here and didnt see the place.
Was looking forward to it since im from chicago and cant find frybread there.
I also was dissapointed I rushed over since It said they closed at 8pm on a saturday.

The little place on 7th Avenue was far superior.
This place is a dungeon.
Cavernous, creepy, and terrible service.
The food was similar with the same great green chili tacos and posole, but the ambience is like eating in a warehouse.
Gangbangers all over outside.
Go armed.

I order the green chli taco.
Still as good as I remember.
I do miss the old location on 7th ave. the new place has an awkward layout and  the tables are all mismatched.
Also the fry bread taco did seam a bit smaller than I had before at the old location.
The food is great though and it you don't mind a weird dining area then I recommend

