I am posting this not out of anger but in hopes that no one will ever have to go through what just happened to us this morning.
My Sister-in-law was a few days over due and went to the Dr. She was seeing the midwives.
She was in pain and kept being pushed off as a complaining first time pregnant lady.
They did not take her seriously even though she knew something was seriously wrong.
She went to the hospital that night only to discover there was no heartbeat and her baby passed away that day.
The cord was wrapped around his neck 6 times.
In the ultrasound earlier in her pregnancy they saw the cord wrapped around his neck but told her not to worry about it.
My good friend also went there and had a similar scary situation that landed her baby in the ICU for months.
Fortunately her and her baby came out of it ok but it didn't have to happen.
I told my sister in law about this before she decided to go to them, but she went anyway because of the whole idea of having a midwife.
They must make you feel really warm and fuzzy at first, but at the end don't take you seriously when you actually need them.
Now she is sitting in the hospital morning the loss of her baby boy.
My opinion, I think you should go to somewhere where you see the same Dr. each visit who will take you seriously and not a "Team" of Dr.s where you see a different person every time and who don't really know you.
To VWFW, you should realize pregnant women know their bodies and babies more than anyone and never, ever brush them aside.
These Women trust you to.
You should know better as Doctors.
Shame on you.

I started going here nine months ago when I found out I was pregnant.
I love this office.
Everyone of the staff members are wonderful.
The girls at the front are friendly and helpful.
Every doctor I have seen listens and is attentive to my needs.
The office is organized and even the billing department was extremely patient and helpful.
I had to call triage a few times and they got back to quicky each time.
I would highly recommend going here if your looking for an ob.

What a joke.
I'm not interested in ranting and giving this place more attention than it deserves, so I will let the 1 Star speak for itself...and they only get the one because I have to.

Waited for 50 minutes in the waiting room,15 minutes in the office and then another 10 minutes in the waiting room again only to be given no exam, no ultrasound and a "doctor" to talk at me for 7 minutes.
Feel like telling my insurance company to get their money back.
Never returning!!

I love VWFW!!
I will never go to another office if I can help it.
I usually see Venessa Thompson she's always so full of energy even at the end of the day she's always got a smile on her face.
The biggest thing for me about the ladies here is that they take the time to listen and address concerns, and they are so respectful.
I had to go to another..
Very commercialized OBGYN across the street to have a procedure done for insurance purposes and I had such a hellish experience.
(not asking my consent for a pelvic exam and giving me unnecessary tests!
) for anything I've had done with VWFW they always walk me through it and make me feel comfortable and respected.

