From the moment I walked in the greetings were warm and welcoming.
I tried their Bianca Mocha iced, which was perfection.
Good blend of espresso and not too sweet, as well as their Salted Caramel Oatmeal (definitely a home run with this).
The space is bright and relaxing.
This is a great addition to our RoRo neighborhood.
Ps.
They have frozen yogurt too!

I have been to Red Hut Coffee many times over the past few weeks and can honestly say that I have had a perfect vanilla latte every single time.
Their oatmeal is fantastic and the frozen yogurt selection was great with a wife variety of selections for toppings.
The best coffee in the neighborhood!

Great latte, really nice interior, perfect music "in my opinion" quick service, and it's clean.
Kinda hard to find but I'll be coming back.

Really nice interior with friendly service.
We came in late but there was still plenty of baked goods.
Got a medium pumpkin latte and a cranberry scone for just over $5.
The latte was pretty good with a lot of spice.
The scone was a little dry but had a ton of whole cranberries and was really good.
Tried my friend's "pumpkin drizzle" muffin and it was very spicy but went well with the pumpkin spice latte.
They also have a good size frozen yoghurt bar.

It was my first time here today and had quite an enjoyable experience.
As I opened the large glass door, the barista greeted me very friendly and offered me his service.
I was not sure what to get and asked him for advice.
He quickly replied with a question: "would you like an espresso based drink?
" to which I responded that i did.
Then he asked if I wanted a hot or a cold drink, to which my response was, "iced.
" Then he recommended the special of the day, which was raspberry mocha, or any aced mocha, as well as lattes.
I ordered an iced vanilla latte, which was pretty good, and I would give a 4 out of 5 I took my drink and sat down, observing the atmosphere.
The shop has a very high ceiling with modern look.
Quite a number of tables along the three walls that suggests a good studying environment.
The music was not too loud and enjoyable to my taste.
A 5 out of 5 for the environment.
The store is also equipped with a Square Wallet (https://squareup.com/wallet) system of payment with an iPad.
If you know/have the Square Wallet app on your smartphone you can check in and just pay with your account without even taking out your credit card and makes your purchase very simple, just a few taps away.
The only downfall was that the wifi was too slow: only about 6 mb/s to download, to which I give a 3 out of 5.
But overall, I enjoyed and would definitely return

My boyfriend and I just stopped by for a small treat and found it to be a very cozy and spacious coffee shop.
I'm not a coffee drinker, so finding a coffee shop that I could go back to is very hard.
The environment made me feel so welcome, there were a variety of drinks and my favorite snack (YOGURT).
I recommend it to anyone, local or visitors!
It is clean, quiet, great place to study or just have some alone time.
I give it 5 gold cups!!

This place is awesome!!!
Very clean.
Great pumpkin spice latte and pumpkin drizzle muffin.
I'm now becoming a regular customer :)) great guys!

Love this place!
It's got a great vibe for grabbing coffee with a friend or studying.
The prices are right (most small drinks are about $3-4) and the coffee is fantastic.
I also really like the muffins... haven't tried the fro-yo yet.The owners are very friendly and welcoming.
Come support this awesome new cafe!

Red Hut is a wonderful establishment; when you walk in and see the warm reds and browns that adorn the wall in addition to the giant windows that allow the natural light to shed more beauty onto your coffee drinking experience, you already know that the ambience is right.
Enough large tables and outlets for a study session or meeting, enough variety in seating to suit your fancy, and the warm welcoming of the owners and staff, this place is a special environment.
Finally, to the coffee.
The recipes have been carefully crafted, and have even been influenced by the patrons of this coffee place.
I love the coffee here, in addition to the iced teas (which you get a free refill with a large size!).
And frozen yogurt is always available for your indulgence.
I love Red Hut!!!

I am in a dilemma, I like the coffee, but the service and friendliness really puts them up there.
The coffee/espresso/ice toddy are all amazing and very very consistent.
Consistency is one of the most important traits of a coffee house you go to.
If drinks are made differently all the time you don't know what you are walking into and what to ask for and how to customize it to your perfect specifications.
I enjoy this place because i have gotten the same few drinks here and it is always the same tasting.
YAY for coffee conistency.
One thing that is good that getting a dirty chai, the dirtiness comes free (or thats what the one barista told me) maybe he likes my smile thats why, but hey I LOVE getting an extra shot, or two in my drink.
I have not tried their yogurt, i still wonder if it is any good.
Good thing about this coffee house if you go to study/do work don't worry about the noise level or distractions.
It has decent amount of foot traffic for their business, but not too much where you are too distracted.
music could be turned down a little bit.
Baristas mind their own business, but if you want to talk they are more than happy to talk with you.
Which to be honest is a great trait to have.
They are super friendly.. Would be back more often if it was closer.
Too bad i didn't know about them when i worked down there.

Quick and friendly.
I like the drive up and park service where they will bring you out your coffee.
Egg and ham sand which was good.
I like how clean the place looks.
This is definitely the perfect place to swing by before work, especially for those of you who are heading south on 7th street to downtown.
You would be in and out in a flash.
I'll have to be back to try their yogurt.

Had a dirty chai latte with almond milk that was quite tasty.
The cranberry scone was excellent as well.
But even better was the smile we were greeted with and the amazing service.
will definitely come back.

Great coffee and friendly service from the owner David.
The environment is amazing.
If I could I would stay here all day.

The husband and I went to Red Hut the other night for the first time and it was ok.
The coffee was decent.
The man who was working there was nice enough, but he kind of rubbed me the wrong way.
I asked him what coffee he used and he said 'local coffee.
' I thought it was kind of lame, why not tell me what coffee roaster it came from?
Did he not know or did he think I didn't really want to know?
Not sure, but overall I thought it was just ok. With as many delicious coffee places there are in the neighborhood, this wouldn't be my first choice.

Why not shop local?
if you are a starbucks junkie (you suck)!!
I was in a hurry one morning and popped into Redhut, the Barista and the owner were awesome.
I ordered a dirty chai latte, I was nervous that it was going to be too sweet but it wasn't and they made sure I liked my drink before I left.
I have also ordered a big to go order for a morning potluck and service is always great and so are their drinks.
You can't beat good service, no matter how good the coffee!
Good service and local support this is what it's all about!

Great spot, great coffee, great service and excellent for trying to get some work done

This coffee shop is awesome.
Met the owner who was my server.
They love their neighborhood.
No long waits, everything is great.
I visit here every trip down from Flagstaff.

Great coffee, friendly owner.
Glad this place is on my way to work and happy to give a local, family owned shop my business.

Best iced coffee I have ever had.
Very friendly staff.
Highly recommend!

I drive by here all the time, and finally stopped in.
I'm so glad that I did!
The shop is beautiful and clean.
The staff is very friendly and welcoming.
Most importantly the coffee is amazing!
I love my coffee and am very picky about it, these guys really know how to make a cup.
They also had almond milk for my Latte, which always puts a big smile on my face.
I will 100% be back, and probably often.
My Latte cost $5 with the almond milk.
Right within the exact same range as Starbucks and Dutch Bros but 1000X better.

A coffee shop that serves frozen yogurt?
This is my kind of shop!
I can only review the frozen yogurt and atmosphere for now, but I will soon return and try the delicious sounding coffee.
Recently I was in Downtown Phoenix and in dire need of a afternoon sugar fix.
I was really hoping to enjoy a little cup of frozen yogurt to get me on my way and luckily I stumbled upon Red Hut Coffee!
I set up shop for a bit and enjoyed the free wi fi at one of their several available tables and ordered a soft serve raspberry yogurt.
They had a little selection of toppings to add to the order, so I decided to add some strawberries and fruity pebbles.
They then weighed my ice cream and I paid using their iPad tablet.
The process was seamless, the frozen yogurt was delicious and the atmosphere was perfect for a working environment.

Good friendly workers @ this place.
Didn't get to try their yogurt, ordered oatmeal.
They even filled up a bowl of water for my friends dog!
:) thanks guys!

The customer service here is amazing!!
Friendly employers in my book goes a very long way.
And if it's important to you too then this is the coffee shop for you too.
Not only that but they have the best caramel frapp ever!!!!!
Compared to Starbucks & Dutch bros it's a no brainier.
Red hut is by far way more delectable!
Have yet to try their hot coffee but I'm sure I will very soon!

What a great place.
First I love the area.
I ordered a large iced Americano with a pump of white mocha.
It's fabulous!
The espresso they use is local and very tasty.
The owner was there and available to talk to.
He's very personable and knowledgable about coffee.
I also got a banana but muffin and it's the perfect size and tastes amazing!
GREAT JOB REDHUT!
Keep doing what you do :)

Was looking for a restroom, but this was the only place near my location.
Therefore, I had to buy something.
Right?
I am glad I did.
I ordered the mango smoothie.
I rate my smoothies  based on its freshness, flavor, and hope they didn't pack too much sugar.
I believe this smoothie hit the spot.
I will definitely have to come back and check out their coffee and other snacks.
Next time I am running to find a restroom, I will be sure to stop and actually sit down to enjoy the shop.

Tried this coffee house for first time this morning en route to work.
Love the fact that they do offer a drive-thru (especially during warmer months), and have a friendly staffer waving to traffic every single morning as I speed down 7th Street.
'  So, I park in front, and a man opens the door for me and wishes me a good morning and a "thanks for stopping".
All eyes on me as I approach the counter *pressure on Erin*.
More kudos and positive reinforcement from staffers for ordering an Iced Vanilla Latte and chocolate cream-cheese muffin.
Yikes.
Payment was a breeze, as they offer e-receipts from their iPad!
The tall man behind the counter advised me to taste the drink before deploying to make sure it was "just right".
Again, eyeballs on me as I nervously sipped.
Thank God it was great!
Whew.
I smile and praise them for the drink quality.
As my way out, more "Good Days" and "Thank you".
While I LOVE nice staff members, etc., sometimes TOO much of a good thing is overwhelming.
:( I wouldn't have been surprised if multi-colored confetti be tossed at me upon my exit.
Doing it right guys, just reel in the customer service a tad.

I have been a customer of Red hut for a few months and have never had a poor experience there until this morning.
The girl that was working was a gem and ive seen her there many times before, always kind, happy and energetic.
I was sitting in the corner when all of the sudden a man storms in and starts verbally attacking the girl that was working.
He was seemingly the manager or owner of the place and was yelling about something.
The girl who was working remained well mannered while this man was clearly making her uncomfortable.
Ive worked in the service industry before and have never seen someone so upset at an employee in front of paying customers.
I am very embarrassed for this man and will never return.

Been back after a little hiatus from the Roosevelt area.
Still amazing coffee and their breakfast sandwiches are a great addition as well.
They are a local family owned establishment and I am glad every morning to have my delicious "happy cup of awesomeness"!

I dropped in here 15 minutes before they were closing on a Saturday night looking for some caffeine to keep me up while I worked for a few hours that night.
The guy working was very nice and personable.
Dropping in 15 minutes before close some employees may not be in the happiest mood of a late night customer but this guy was very nice and welcoming.
I ordered a 20oz toddy and it was pretty good!
I have tried a lot of toddy from different shops around town and the cold brew from this shop is tasty.
Great coffee from a great shop!
Give it a try!

These guys are awesome and super super nice.
I love coming in here and their coffee is excellent!

Barista here is super serious about his coffee.. delicious.
Excellent customer service!

Why do I love yelp?
For opportunities to highlight great service.
Last time I ordered a delicious smoothie, and now I ordered my typical oatmeal and soy chai latte.
Actually, I take that back.
They have some amazing flavors, as a result, I had to check out the peanut butter mocha latte.
It is not overly sweet.
You can definitely smell the peanut butter, but the flavor is very subtle complimenting the mocha.
Would I order it again?
Maybe, but nothing beats my soy chai, which I will have to try out another time.
Now the service.
I was welcomed by Dave who gave me great recommendations on drinks and even the oatmeal.
He was funny, knowledgeable, and took a genuine care in his business.
Even after I sat down, he checked up on how my oatmeal was.
Great service, which is why I had to bump up to 5 stars.
In addition, the latte I had was unique, but tasty and light.
I have been here for about 30 minutes, and here is what I have enjoyed thus far:  1.
Frank Sinatra soothing the speakers.
The open seating and huge parking lot.
The decor and chill ambience.
The big but clean looking menu.
They really have fro yo here?
The steady flow of customers, and Dave striking a conversation with them.
Efficient service.
I will definitely be back this summer before school starts to enjoy a good coffee, oatmeal, and great service!
Great job Red Hut!

This is my go to spot when I want to wind down while sipping caffeine.
I know, don't judge me.
This place is always clean, the staff and owner are friendly, the chilled peppermint/chocolate frap should probably come with health warnings it's so good!
I've also ordered most of the flavored teas, and eaten 2 lbs of the pomegranate yogurt (not in one seating) and I've never been disappointed.
One thing that is disappointing: I bought one of the beverage drink cups and after only a few uses it loses its clearness and becomes cloudy.
You know how plastic containers look after you've put tomato sauce in it?
This is how the cup looks now.

New place that me and my man wanted to try out...GOOD coffee, and the owner is great.
I will be going back!

This place is awesome...definitely my first choice for coffee on the way to and from court or anytime I'm downtown!

