This consignment stores pays really well!
Up front too.
The prices are average.
If you are looking for good prices on name brand maternity clothes, you can find them here.

Make sure to check out this place before you buy kiddie stuff full price.
They got a big selection of items, from clothes, to shoes, baby gears, etc.

I absolutely love shopping here and I love dealing with Ashley!
She is so nice to everyone that walks in.
Her daughter is the cutest little thing, very insightful too!
The store is very organized, small but open.
I am planning to come here all the time.
As it is I'm there once a week!

Good place to buy sell or trade baby stuff.
They dont buy on weekends though, which is a bit of a pain because that is when its most convenient to lug everything down there.
Most things are in great condition.

I love this place!!
I don't live anywhere near this side of town but will make the drive because I prefer this store over the other kid consignment shops in Vegas.
This store is very clean and organized and great prices.
Owner is very friendly and helpful.
I like that they only sell new car seats for safety reasons and always affordable prices.
I also like how she posts pictures of items on Facebook so I can see new stuff they get in.

We brought a lot of clothes and baby gear here today.
I was so happy with what was offered for all of our stuff.
We were also able to trade an item for a gorgeous Pottery Barn Kids rocking horse.
There were a lot of sentimental items but the owner made it so easy.
We will definitely return to do more business.
Whether it be buying or selling.
Thank you for all of your help!

Finally a resale shop in the SW!
Located just a couple doors down from Vons, I have finally found a place to resell my kid's clothes from the previous year.
Ashley, the owner, is very sweet and will tell you the items she's specifically asking for on the phone before you head down.
I brought in a large bag full of boys & girls clothing and she took nearly everything!
The dollar amount received back is small, as all resale shops can only give 15-20% of what they will sell it for, but it was nice to be rid of the clothing as it was taking up precious drawer space.
The store credit option is pretty much double what she'll give you cash, so if you're in the market for something, take the store credit!
Unfortunately, I was only in the market for a stroller, and she didn't happen to have one that fit my needs on that day.
However, she had a nice BRAND NEW selection of full back booster seats and backless boosters.
The store is clean and organized and from what I can see, most things are in very good condition.
I also loved the free book with check-in.
My son LOVES the eyewitness Ancient Rome book that I picked up for him and my daughter and nephew were certainly occupied playing with all the toys while Ashley purchased from me.
Thanks Ashley!
We'll see you next season.

I loved this place the second I walked in, they had so much stuff.
Plus it was all soo cute.
Everything was super cheap and in great quality.
Now I know where I'm going to be spending my baby bucks.
Check it out too.

