So glad this place came downtown, went to their "soft opening" and the food was great just like the 40th st location...
This is def going to be the new spot for football season   i heard they were going to introduce bottomless mimosas if this is true ill be changing my rating to 5 stars

I'm really glad that this place opened up since it's so close to where I work.
I now have another place I can stop in for a drink on my way home.
I popped in today for their soft opening for a hangover lunch.
Their menu is pretty much the same as the other two Vigs so you can count on decent but not remarkable food.
I've always gone to The Vig for the atmosphere over the food anyway so my expectations were met.
Today I have The Trifecta which is three sliders with fries.
I washed this down with a Deschutes Mirror Pond Pale Ale-totally hit the spot but I'm not and never will be a fan of pretzel buns.
Although this is an appetizer it is very filling.
They've done a great job with the space.
The bar and dining area are smaller than the other two locations but there is a second, atrium-like dinning room.
The Patio is the true jewel of this location with a really nice outdoor bar and ample seating.
It's going to be GREAT when winter comes.
What I was most impressed with was the service.
Even though they've not officially opened everyone seems to have it together.
One reason I don't go to The Vig Uptown is the attitude of some of the servers.
Most of the servers here were very friendly and enthusiastic.
My bartender Ashley was friendly  and, knowing that I was hurting, made sure that my water glass was full.
So I don't know that I'll come in when I'm hungry but I look forward to coming in when I'm thirsty.
Like I said, I can't wait to hang on the patio when it cools off.

My boyfriend and I were excited to try the new Vig and stopped in on Saturday night.
The atmosphere was awesome and they really did an amazing job remodeling the previous space.
The outdoor patio area is fantastic and I would love to enjoy it more as the nice weather is approaching.
However, we will never be back, due to the terribly poor service we received.
We started with a couple of appetizers, including Ceviche.
Our server never checked back with us after dropping off the appetizers, so we flagged down another staff member and requested some additional tortilla chips for our Ceviche.
And then the waiting game started.
In the meantime, our server dropped off our meals and said the chips would be out shortly.
Someone eventually brought us some chips, and at that time, we asked for additional tortillas for our fish tacos, as they only come with three tiny tortillas, about the size of a half dollar.
Well, the tortillas never came, and our server never checked on us again.
We eventually had to flag her down, after our half eaten food got cold, to ask for the check.
I would understand slow service if it had been extremely busy that night, but it wasn't.
We were blatantly ignored by our server and got no apology.
In fact, it was almost as if we were a nuisance to her.
And, by the way, the food is mediocre, at best.
There are way too many other great places to eat downtown to give this place another chance.

So the food is "the vig food"... very good!
The problem with this location (hopefully) is that it just opened.
The service was not very good.
What this place needs is a couple months to work out the kinks... then it will probably be as good as the others.
Now I see why the ratings are lower at this place.

Looks like another successful entry to the Vig family.
The location is great (right next to Cibo downtown).
As in the other vigs, there is a bocce court.
With cooler temperatures you are fine on the patio.
I suspect eventually they will enclose the patio entirely.
The place is small with respect to inside dining, and the bar looks exactly like the one on uptown.
Food is Vig food.
i.e.
if you're a fan you'll like it.
Nothing offensive.
Have the cheddar filled tator tots with jalapeno cream, which was good but there was no kick.
Had a southwestern salad and a prime rib sandwich.
The shoestring fries are tasty (flavored with smoked paprika).
I liked the fact that the sandwich was served on pretzel bread.
they could probably serve shoe leather on pretzel bread and I'd like it.
The Southwestern salad was good and inoffensive.
Overall, will be back.
Not destination dining, but I'm not sure that's what they cared about.
It's just nice to have another downtown patio hangout.
The cocktails by the way look revamped and might end up giving sidebar a run for its money.
I did not have any server issues and was fortunate that things were pretty smooth.

Great neighborhood feel and great atmosphere.
Indoor space is reminiscent of other Vig locations but has a great spin in the downtown Phoenix feel.

In one word: blah.
Mediocre $$ food, inattentive service, weird setup, no decor.
Food was a huge disappointment actually.
Maybe it was an off night and will improve.
Yet in addition to other 'blah' areas, this new downtown wannabe-hotspot won't be quickly revisited.
Looking back on my visit, based on the decor alone, this restaurant could have been anything anywhere in the valley.
Interior was nice (it is NEW, after all), but very lackluster and scarce in personable decorations (read: none).
Most memorable dining establishments have that extra touch- Blue Hound has interesting chairs and blue dog statues, Hulas has screen with old films and a star-shaped window, Postinos has wine racks and pictures on the wall.
Heck, even Chipotle has wall art.
The setup is odd.
Most space is reserved for the outdoor bar.
This would work well in California, not middle of Phoenix.
Arizona room has noise and sunshine issue (transparent window shades aren't helpful).
The inner bar room is pitch dark.
Talk about identity crisis!
Worst yet was inattentive service from pretty-boy server... We get it, you're handsome, now can you please be present so my party doesn't need to flag you down?

Brought my sister and her fiance here for dinner on a Sunday night.
We got here just as the NFL watchers were heading home so alot of space was opening up.
Nice adaptive reuse of this property.
With the weather finally cooling down outside we decided to grab one of the picnic tables near the entrance.
Its shaded pretty well and you get a nice view of the whole courtyard area.
Like all Vigs there's a lawnball court out back.
There's also a nice outdoor bar right in the middle of the courtyard with TVs facing all four directions.
I didn't go inside to the lounge area, but it looked pretty cool from where we were.
The food is pretty standard Vig fare.
Some surprises, but mostly reliable Vig standbys.
For an appetizer we split the soy garlic edamame dish.
My sister and her fiance are health nuts so this played right into their wheelhouse.
For the main dish I got the Hot Chick which is basically a chicken sandwich with pesto and mozzerella.
Good, clean, flavor and got fries on the side.
My sister got the same thing and her fiance got a chicken salad.
The service we got was pretty adequate, though our server got a little disorganized with our orders.
They're fairly new so I know they're still working out the kinks.
Overall, the menu won't wow you.
But what they do have, they do right.
The atmosphere is really cool and will make for a great nighttime hangout now with the weather improving.
And if you're just coming for drinks after a dinner next door at Cibo, this place will do the trick.
Add yet another great addition to downtown's exploding culinary scene.

I'm a local to Roosevelt Row and when I heard that the Vig was opening up a location down the street from my house, I was super excited.
Being a huge fan of the other Vig locations, I knew that this new one wouldn't disappoint.
And what do you know?
Was.
Right.
The vibe is very chill and relaxed with low lighting both inside and outside.
I've checked out the inside, but only sat outside so far because the weather is starting to feel like fall here in the valley.
It has almost like a rustic vibe with these dark wood tones but then they incorporated metal and clean lines in their design for a modern touch.
They have crisp green grass outside, which is always great in Phoenix, and it fits the Roosevelt Row feel by being an old home converted into the restaurant.
Tons of trees hover around you and it's just a really neat, cozy, yet open space.
While we waited for a table, we were approached by a waiter right away to help us with drinks.
Our actual waiter was also very helpful, fast to introduce himself and take care of us, and overall really great.
The food is similar to the other Vig locations and it's just as delicious.
We went on a Monday night for $5 burgers which is a ridiculous deal.
The burgers are huge, you get your choice of fries, sweet potato fries, or both, and it's all for just $5 friggin bucks!!!
I really had a great time with my friends here - we enjoyed an awesome meal, good drinks, amazing service, and a great atmosphere.
Definitely check it out!!

Cool space with a great patio.
They show many of the games and have nice cold beer.
Food is just ok.
But the vig  isn't really a place for a nice dinner.
Go for a nice cold brew and sit back and relax.

This place feels special - all tucked away in a beautiful old school downtown phoenix neighborhood.
Walking up it feels upscale but not stuffy - very comfy and the outside layout is super chill and nice.
There happy hr is awesome and very affordable - i had the pinot Grigio and  the hummus offered for happy hr - it was 4 bucks and huge!
Mom had the fish tacos and thought they were very nice - perfect way to kick off first fridays before the walk:))) our server Brooks was knowledgable and super friendly!
They offer complimentary valet which is sooooo convenient.
I will deff be back @the vig - its a downtown must do spot :)))

When Phoenix was just a one-horse town around the turn of the last century, city planners designed Roosevelt Street to be a grand, chic boulevard, destined to be the "silk stocking district" for the city's upper crust.
Planning changed and Roosevelt Street never rivaled New York's Park Avenue nor Chicago's Magnificent Mile.
Eventually expanding city limits and urban flight left the swank Roosevelt neighborhood a more than a little down-at-the-heels and those aged silk stockings with runs.
Now, a renaissance in the district attracts avant garde artists, quirky shops and boutiques and intimate cafés, giving the 'hood a much-needed transfusion.
In the west end of the 'hood, an early pioneer in the 1914 home known as the Cavness House was Palatte.
In 2009 Local Breeze took over, only to blow over.
The Vig, originally a beloved (and somewhat guarded) secret in the Arcadia expanded their horizons, branching out to create The Vig Uptown at 16th Street near Bethany Home Road.
In September The Vig Fillmore remodeled the old Cavness home, fired up their ovens and set the table.
News of their opening spread like wildfire.
This location houses the official "Test Kitchen" for every Vig.
Recipes are created by their youthful, enthusiastic Executive Chef Jorge Gomez (pictured top).
Nothing leaves la cucina 'til he says, "¡Muy bueno!
" He's honed his skills for 15 years, studying at the culinary institute of Puebla, Mexico and in Spain and other local eateries.
Okay, now what about the menu?
For starters, the Sonoran Ceviche ($9) is a refreshing combination of pico de gallo, jalapeño and avocado with succulent, tender pieces of whitefish marinated in fresh lime juice.
It comes with thick, tasty corn chips.
Their Daily Flatbread ($10) usually calls The Vig "home" for a week, since they're always a hit with regulars who hate to see them leave after only a day.
Our naan bread was topped with tender chunks of grilled eggplant, tomato garlic sauce, carmelized onion, roasted cherry tomatoes, white cheddar cheese, parmesan and basil.
Think "speciality pizza.
"  Carnivorous?
Don't miss out on Chef Gomez' personal favorite, The Prime Vig Dip ($14), where Chef carves up medium-rare sliced beef, smoked gouda, grilled onions, chipotle mayo on a pretzel bun with a ramekin of stout, rich, hearty au jus.
Miss Manhattan?
You won't after you have their NYC Reuben ($11).
You'll lick your chops for their Guinness braised corned beef, Swiss cheese, sauerkraut and housemade Russian dressing on rye bread.
The meat is hand-carved for each sandwich order so that it's tender and juicy--never dry.. Five more sandwiches round out the selection, including a Black Bean Burger for closet carnivores who are vegetarians.
Sandwiches come with a choice of side--don't miss out on the onion rings with a zippy batter.
Five creative salads, like the Southwesterner with Achiote Chicken ($13) and the Lean & Green Steak Salad are available, each one has its own flair you need to check out for yourself.
Don't miss out on Chef's own specialties, like a variety of gourmet and street tacos or the fab Posole ($8) that's a "must," especially with cooler weather.
Looks like local restaurants are gonna be battling it out for "Best Bread Pudding.
" The Vig brings out an enormous serving (about the size of a brick.
We're not kidding.
) Their dessert includes bananas, walnuts, custard, a luscious butter-rum sauce and a large scoop of vanilla ice cream.
More than enough to share--if you feel generous.
Look for a Sunday Brunch coming this month.
The Roosevelt District may have been the stomping ground for the hoity-toity of the past, but nowadays at The Vig they just serve great food.
Not attitude.
The Vig Fillmore 606 N. 4th Ave., Phoenix 602-254-2242  - TheVig.us

Love this new location of the Vig...amazing indoor and outdoor space!
Friendly bartenders, great drink selection and amazing patio.
I came back again a few days later because I couldn't wait to sit out on the patio...we scored the best table next to the outdoor fireplace.
The hummus and edamame were huge portions, reasonably priced at happy hour and very tasty!
The specialty cocktails are amazing too...can't wait to come back again and try some more!

Delicious food, refreshing cocktails & amazing atmosphere.
By far one of the best patios around especially with this cooler weather..

Best Vig!
Great service and the food is always good.
I really like what they did to the place and its nice to sit out in the patio and enjoy a bottle of wine!
A must.

Awesome appetizers and cocktails and great service.
They even let us split our check nine ways.

After a couple rough experiences at other Vig locations, the Vig Fillmore is a much better experience.
Good food, good service and a good atmosphere brings it all together.
We'll be back!

Had a business lunch there today, and definitely will not be returning for the food.
I heard whispers about town that the food at this Vig was going to be better than their other locations.
So, I was excited to give this one a shot, as I have totally given up on their other locations for anything other than drinks, and light snacks.
The outside eating area and bar are just perfect for the fall weather.
The design is simple, cohesive, friendly & warm.
The praise stops there.
We ordered chips & guac.
The chips tasted like they were fried in old oil, and the guac had a flavor that certainly wasn't guac-licious... more on the verge of going bad.
One person joining us had the deconstructed tacos, which she barely touched, as the fish was more like fish jerky, and the side of beans totally tasteless.
I shared the "best turkey sandwich" with someone, and had high expectations with a name like that.
It was a soggy mess of flavors.
None of the ingredients stuck out, and it quickly fell apart after the first bite.
Nothing was exceptional.
Sort of bummed by the experience, but at least it will be a fun place to grab a beer on a lovely fall evening.

This place is gorgeous & I think the remodel is outstanding!
Unfortunately tho, it would have a lovely feel if the crowd wasn't so weak.
WTH do these people come from...?
On our way home from a wedding, my friends & I thought it would be great to peep out & get into some late night bocce ball because it's right here in our neighborhood...right?
Nope,Totally wrong.
The crowd was everything but fun.
I mean seriously...after our first round of Bocce, a small group arrived & decided it would be ok to hang out on the green, then had the audacity to tell us we were being rude b/c we threw the ball in their direction "aggressively.
" Ha- It was so absurd the lack of etiquette combined with attitude refusing to step off the green & antagonizing a fight with us to top it off.
I had to get security.
Bocce balls were about to go though some heads.
I don't know, but maybe installing a fence along the green near the bar may help guide immature bar crowd to stay on the patio...?
Considering the selection of restaurants & bars in this area, It would be safe to say I most likely will not be returning.
I mean for reals...the Vig is known for having a Bocce court.
These people were beat.

I've been to the other locations and this one is by far my favorite..it's in a converted craftsman house so it has the feel of having dinner at a friend's place.
Huge patio..food is always excellent.
I've tried a lot of there apps..on this nite I had the pad thai..normally I'm leary of having a traditional ethnic dish anywhere mainstream but their's was really good!
It had a smokey flavor to it.
I don't normally eat leftovers but this one made for a great lunch the next day.
I have a feeling this place will get crowded as soon as people know there's a downtown location!

Been to every Vig and this is my favorite of them.
I like the outdoor bar (probably cause of the previous restaurant Local Breeze and hanging in the same area.
) The food is good, I just always feel like it's a bit pricey for what I get for the quality/size.
I was sad they didn't have gluten-free buns here though like other Vigs, but maybe cause I was there opening week?
The waitress we had near the inside bar was friendly and willing to check on GF items for me :] always nice when you don't get a "i don't know" and blank stare.
And...I love that the bartender knew how to make the perfect AMF!
Kudos.

I love this old building and especially the outdoor bar area.
Plus it's close to work and has a great happy hour.
Last week, I went there with Linda W. and Ginger O. for my b-day dinner (last minute).
They have great happy hour deals and so it's best to have the Vig on your social feeds so you can see what they are, because I always forget!
It's pretty much the same menu as the other Vigs in town.
On Mondays, I found out that the burgers are less than usual, so I got the burger with an egg, bacon, cheese on it.
It was awesome and I split it with Ginger because it was so big.
Our waiter overheard Linda saying it was my birthday, and without asking they made me a homemade brownie cake with ice cream on top.
It was awesome and thank you for the treat!
I will have to try out their brunch later on this Fall/Winter.
So glad the Vig made its way to the downtown neighborhood.

Stopped by for lunch on a gloomy Tuesday and the place was pretty empty (think we caught the end of the lunch crowd).
To begin with, this place is hard to find.
If you knew the previous establishments that were here, you will be just fine, but if you don't- make sure you have your google maps app out!
The decor is beautiful, inside and out.
We chose to sit inside, and you just don't feel like you are in Phoenix.
Everything was orderly and clean, and it was just beautiful.
Did I mention that it was beautiful?
Good.
Got to chatting with the bartender and manager, both of whom's names I have forgotten.
Sorry!
However, they both were very, very nice.
The bartender made us some delicious Moscow Mules (THANK YOU for putting bitters in them!!
), and we ordered the veggie burger and hummus to share.
They split our burger for us, which was very gracious of them.
The food was delicious, delicious, delicious.
It may have been all of the mayo and cheese on the veggie burger that made it so tasty, but who really cares.
The burger itself was perfect!
The manager filled us in a bit on some neighborhood problems, and to that I say- THRIVE ON Vig Fillmore, thrive on!!
The neighborhood needs you, and they will come to love you!

The BEST veggie burger I've ever had in the last 15 years of being vegetarian!
Ooh and the french fries come with this seasoning not unlike bbq potato chips, which ruled.
Staff was very friendly, love the neighborhood and the building.

Pallet, Local Breeze, and now The Vig Fillmore.
I hope it is a done deal.
I always loved their open spacious patio.
I arrived for a birthday dinner.
They have an amazing Happy Hour so took advantage of that.
The $5 flatbread pizza with goat cheese was so delicious.

Okay so I've been coming to this VIG location even before it "officially" opened.
I will say that I have never been to another location.
So i'm just basing my experience on this location and this location only.
I am a bit spoiled because I live in walking distance as well.
The patio is amazing, during the beautiful weather days this is THE spot downtown to be.
At night they have heaters both the propane and electric ceiling units mounted above the bar/patio for chilly days/nights.
The service for me has always been on point.
Very quick, timely, polite, and never lacking when it comes to a drink refill or a suggestion (food or drinks) also great at informing specials.
Monday nights they do $5 burgers, which are cooked to ones liking, i prefer mine med rare.....YUMMY.
Beers are usually around 3-4 dollars depending, can't beat it.
Cheaper on one of their many special nights.
Weekends they do brunch and their brunch is amazing, I've had a burrito here with a bloody and it was sooooo good, I walked home and took a nap.
Damn thing put me to sleep.
Sundays they have half off wine bottles and bottomless mimosas ($15) from 11-2.
Basically if you are downtown, this is THE place to stop in.
Enjoy

I was underwhelmed by my experience at The Vig Fillmore.
It might have been that we were seated inside instead of on the awesome patio.
It might have been that the menu is one of the worst I have seen (Pad Thai and Burgers?
Mexican food and Edamame?).
It might be their apparent love affair with American cheese, or as I call it, plastic.
(Why not use cheddar?
) Sorry to say it, but based on their current menu, I most likely will not return.
I wish them all the best and hope they create a better menu.

I think I only have two check ins here.
Whatever...
I have declared this location my favourite of all the vig locations.
Some of the same staff as uptown, which I like.
I can be sitting at the bar solo or with someone and the staff really treat you well.
Making conversation on anything under the sun.
Which is what one would like when sitting at the bar.
If I'm at a table, leave me alone.
They have a really decent selection of craft beers on tap.
I would love to have a way to know what's on rotation.
In particular of all locations I love the outdoor bar here.
This place used to be the local breeze and sitting out at the bar at the vig here brings back fond memories of hangover recovery Bloody Mary brunches.
The Vig Filmore is also going to be my pre Crescent Ballroom stop from here on out.
I'm a fan!

The Vig is still pretty cool.
I usually go to The Vig on 40th street but I was excited to hear that The Vig had opened much closer to my home.
I rode bikes there with my girlfriend a couple days ago.
Our experience was pretty good.
I would say the difference between this Vig and the 40th street location is the demographic.
There is definitely a younger and more hip vibe at this location.
The service is FAR better at this location as well.
Pros - great food - decent prices - great customer service - cool atmosphere and vibe  Cons - I didn't care for the hostess (acted like a square)

Atmosphere - period.
The Vig menu is well known due to the popularity of other locations & I am sure this Vig has the usual reliability.
Historic setting with a sense of depth - check  Very tasteful outdoor seating without a "parking lot view" nor horrifically close to 6 lanes of mayhem - check  Bonafide outdoor bar with "skyline" views - check  Diverse clientele - check  So - if you are from the east, enjoy "bars" & want the benefits of AZ living...

Great patio to hang out at when it's not too cold out.
And even if it is cold, they have plenty of heat lamps.
Most of my stars are for the atmosphere alone.
Very hip/trendy without being pretentious.
It's easier to find parking here than at other places downtown.
The food menu is a weird mix of everything with so-so execution.
None of the appetizers we ordered were particularly rave-worthy.
Reasonable prices on beer and wine.
Service is friendly when they're around.
We did have to wave servers down a few times throughout the night.
Come for happy hour of half-off wine bottles on Sunday.

I love this place!
While I was sad to see Local Breeze go, I love with Fig (what I lovingly refer to it as) has done with the place!
The atmosphere is great, staff is all super friendly, and I love the menu!
I somehow always end up getting the ceviche with a side of tortillas, BAM, ceviche tacos!
Nachos are tasty, all of their sandwiches too.
Good selection of beer on tap.
Wine is 50% off on Sunday too!

Reluctantly returned to the Fillmore Vig for a mandatory office Christmas party.
The service was better this time being in a large group, but the food was severely lacking.
Our "spread" consisted of a fruit tray resembling something you could pick up at Costco, bland hummus and cold pita bread, and something I believe was intended to be sandwiches but really they were just 5 inch thick buttered buns cut in half with something unrecognizable slapped in between.
Again, very bland.
I have yet to figure out what everyone loves about the Vig.
There were heat lamps out on the patio so scorchingly hot I thought my flesh was melting off of my face standing 2 feet away.
The only positive thing I can say is that the wine/drinks were decent.

This location has a great patio.
The food is the same as all the Vigs.
It is hard to get away from the smoke though.
If you sit at the bar, have Chris wait on you.
He is actually attentive.
Not so much for the female.

I'm not crazy about the food here, but there's a great (huge!
) patio and I would go for a cocktail or glass of wine anytime :)

I'm new to the valley but I somehow always end up here, highly intoxicated, after a long night of drinking before last call.
I love the patio (there are heaters everywhereeeeee) and can't quite remember what the inside is like; but from what I do remember, the staff is awesome.
Rad neighborhood spot for sure.

While I'm not impressed with the updates they made to the building itself (an old house that Local Breeze - former inhabitants - kept looking awesome), the vibe is still pretty chill and there's lots of outdoor space.
The inside space is not so bueno.
I typically ride my bike here, but my most recent trip was via light rail stop at Roosevelt with one of my most favorite people in the world... and it wasn't too bad of a walk through some older/cute neighborhoods.
The food here has been great every time I've been.
I've had several items on the menu and each has been well executed and brought out in a timely fashion.
This last trip I had the Best Turkey sandwich and I'd definitely get that again.
I typically get their salads and all of them are YUMMY!
Clientele is typical of DT PHX for the most part, although in the later brunching hours it seems to change a bit - into a younger/hungover crowd.
But there's plenty of outdoor space to be off in your own corner enjoying our awesome PHX weather year-round.

The new Vig in downtown on Fillmore is a cute little restaurant.
I really enjoy sitting outside on the patio.
Everything on the happy hour menu is amazing and my favorite drink is now the Moreland Marg- it has habanero infused tequila in it and wow it is spicy, but good at the same time.
One of this day I will come back and try out the rest of the menu.

This team remembers the basics--good food and good service.
The mahi tacos were great!
The sliders were tasty!
As for service, ask for Thomas, a top-notch server.
GSW

Best new downtown joint for sure.
This place is great for all sessions.
The brunch is delicious.
Lunch and dinner are on point.
The patio is amazing.
I am curious to see what it is going to be like in the dead of summer.
Might be a bit too hot to hangout there unless they have a nice misting system with some large swamp coolers hanging out.
This place is our first go to for going out on a Friday or Saturday night.
Great vibe and atmosphere.

Make sure you've eaten your meal before you go!
I love the newish Downtown Phx vibe.
The redone Public Market, Cibo's, etc.
When we wanted to go out for a bite last weekend, we ended up at Vig.
My sis-in-law had been to another Vig's with good reviews.
What could possibly go wrong?
I ordered nachos to share which arrived in an enormous platter -- everything oozing and really beans shouldn't ooze.
Note to restaurant, just 'cause it's massive does not make it good.
My brother, the meat lover, ordered sliders which he declared inedible.
Something about the gristle.
My s-i-l had French Dip which was more like little leftover pieces of meat-- from the bone?- squished on a roll.
Verdict, not worth the calories.
We all liked the sweet potato fries, the ones that weren't drenched in oil anyway.
The outdoor seating looked nice.

The burgers are tastey, the sweet potato fries are spectacular, and the sauce that comes with them is unlike anything else.
Highly recommended item.
Also, the outdoor patio is big and beautiful, and provides a nice play area for the kid(s) while the adults dine/hang out, with items provided for different outdoor games.
Friendly staff and a comfortable setting make it the perfect place for family and friends to get together.

A lovely patio with yummy cocktails that just scream "DAY DRINK WITH ME"?
Yes, please!
Chips and guac and salsa appetizer to munch on while imbibing?
Yes, please - and damn yummy salsa.
I enjoyed this place as Local Breeze - I had a nice brunch when it was Palette.
The current incarnation, as the Vig, feels the most likely to succeed.
At least I hope it does.
I've been to Vig Uptown many times, and the menu seems to be just as varied and good at this location - but more than anything...the patio is just plain fantastic!

Every experience here so far has been positive.
Except, maybe, for how easy it is for me to run my bill up sky high on drinks and food over the course of an hour or two -- because I want all the foods and drinks!
This place is comfortable, laid-back, and the bar has TVs on all four sides, so if you're looking for a chill spot to watch the football games, etc...this works (although fills up fast).
And the TATOR TOTS...omg.
Yum!

The best of uptown and Arcadia Vigs.
It has awesome indoor, indoor/outdoor and outdoor areas.
I love the turkey cranberry sandwich.
Great HH or lunch spot.
Great location right next to Cibo.

I was disappointed.
Stopped in with some friends on a Monday night for dinner.
Had the $5 burger special with sweet potato fries.
I don't know if they were understaffed or slammed but service was slow.
Our server was really nice when we saw him but it took forever to order and/or receive anything.
For $5, it was a great burger.
Would I want to pay $12?
No...
But the sweet potato fries were great (as were the regular fries).
Seating is very nice, and the heat lamps definitely keep you warm.
I wouldn't mind coming back.

This place has it all.
Great food, atmosphere, beer and service.
Our server/ bartender Erika was great.
Sat at a table with a buddy and my 1 year old son and she was awesome.
Will be back soon!
Thanks Vig!

This was my 1st time here and came with a party of 10 for lunch.
1st thing, atmosphere is amazing.
They have a nice outside bar with TV's all around and plenty of seating area outside.
Servers where very attentive and on top of orders/ drinks.
Food was delicious, all 10 of us where very impressed with food, décor, and service.
Looking forward to coming back in the very near future.

First time to the Vig it's was a great day to sit in the awesome patio and listen to some live music.
The staff was very friendly and service was good on a semi busy Sunday.
With all that said the kicker was that the food was great for brunch bottomless mimosas for the wife great drinks for me.
I am coming back next time in am in the downtown area!

I really like the Vig.
I do.
I just dig it.
I have yet to sit inside because thier patio is just such a relaxing space.
I love the way they have converted this old house, you feel like you are hanging out in some rich kids backyard.
Plus, brunch on weekends is a real deal.
Their bloody mary bar can suffice as all the breakfast you need with all the bacon and pickled vegetables.
But then you wouldn't want to miss out on the menu items, would you?

Food was really good and the atmosphere was relaxed and nice.
Services was good but a little edgy, which wasn't a bad thing.

This is one of my favorite regular spots.
The Willow Wisp (their version of a key lime pie martini) is absolutely amazing!
If you need something a little stronger ask Tony at the bar to whip you up a gummy bear shot.
The Thai chili wings are a must!!
I recently gave up meat so I'm sticking to the tater tots or nachos for now but that's ok since those options don't disappoint either.

I came here with a group of ten for their Novem-beer event.
I was nicely impressed with their customer service.
Our table on the patio was all set up when we arrived.
And they surrounded the area with heaters, so even though it was a cold and drizzly day, everyone felt pretty comfortable.
The Novem-beer event itself was fun, a good value for what you paid because you got to sample a lot of drinks.
Plus, they were supposed to punch your card every time you got a sample, but lots of times they didn't punch my card, so if I had wanted to, I could've gotten way more than ten samples (but I didn't....
I'm a light weight).
The service got slower when it got really packed, but we were fine with waiting since we were there to hang out and chat anyway.
Like the other Vig location, their food doesn't super impress me, but it's good enough to come back again.

I was a first timer here and what can I say"I loved it.
" The first time I was here, it was for my birthday which was a month ago.
Why I chose to write a review right now is because I'm still pretty new to the yelp thing.
And I feel that I should help those in need to find a great place for a great evening...
The service here is great, they are always on their toes(refills, order, etc...).
Very nice staff.
The place gives off a very positive vibe.
This place is great for dinner parties and social gatherings.
The food is amazing, I had this one place that contains salmon, I can't remember the name, but I will post a picture.
All I know is that I was very delicious.
Our waiter was beyond amazing.
He surprisingly asked us if we had room for dessert and we asked for a menus, and before we new it, he arrived with a large brownie dessert with ice cream on it for my birthday.
Because of him, I believe I supported my thoughts about This place.
-positive vibe -great staff -food and dessert AMAZING I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone.

I have a new favorite patio in Phoenix.
The Vig Fillmore is it.
It screams "day-drink here!
" or "Brunch/Sunday Funday!
" or "I love Phoenix in February"!
Surrounded by a nice looking, large wood fence, landscaped neatly with fake grass and small bushes and plants, newly-planted trees and surrounded by large established trees, it's an urban oasis that I wish was my own back yard.
Like others have said - I can't say I've ever sat inside - because I love being outside so much.
The patio boasts a large covered bar in the middle, complete with TVs for your game-viewing pleasure.
As well, there is an area for cornhole and some large Adirondack chairs to lounge in and enjoy the day.
To make things even better - they have a great happy hour from 4-6pm.
There is chips & Guac, wings, and my favorite - 3 sliders on pretzel buns with fries for $5 each.
The sliders are fairly large and I end up taking a box to go each time.
The fries are amazing - seasoned, shoestring - cripsy but soft.
A Kiltlifter will run you $3.50.
Not a bad deal for dinner and a beer.
Brunch - is the best.
On the weekends - they offer a bottomless mimosa option for $15.
I like the Encanto Enchiladas so much, I have yet to stray from them at brunch.
Anything with crema and tomatillos on it sounds amazing to me.
For dinner the Deconstructed Fish Tacos are a nice healthy option - a big chunk of Mahi Mahi and amazing beans on the side.
I also like the Cavness House Salad - which is like a Cobb salad with a few extras.
My biggest complaint about this place is the parking.
It sucks.
They do offer a complimentary valet in the back between Cibo and here - but for some reason I'm valet-averse and would rather just park on my own.
The good news is the meters are off by 5.
The bad news is - you still probably can't find a space.
And driving west on Fillmore makes drive around a very large block to get back.
So beware.
Overall, I really love this place and would definitely recommend it.

So I already love The Vigs Arcadia and uptown locations, so I knew I was into the concept and the menu.
Add in some cool cocktails - Melinda's Alley, do it - and amazing ambiance (dt phx, corn hole, huge patio, guys playing guitars), and The Vig Fillmore May be my new favorite Vig!
Side note: for those who remember, this is the old Palate location.

I was here a few weekends ago for the second or third time, and I'm always unimpressed with the staff and especially with the food, but the audacity of one bartender made me promise myself to never return.
The bartender was speaking pretty loudly to his friend about a girl sitting across the way with her friends.
Publicly discussing her body (and I kid you not) saying "too much back fat" and "maybe the front is better.
" DIRECTLY.
IN.
FRONT.
OF.
ME.
A woman, a customer, having to listen to this putrid sludge.
Great job, you've hired some gems.

Really happy this has come to downtown phoenix.
It's nice to have a place where you can bike ride to that has such a great atmosphere.
It's also dangerous in that you sit down for lunch and next thing you know the sun is setting.
It's just too hard to leave the patio.
I've enjoyed everything I've had to eat.
I also appreciate the events they are putting on.

Absolutely awesome neighborhood venue.
Good beers, tasty eats.
The real treat is the patio and above all the staff.
I'm here pretty often, and they're great.
If you like the other Vigs you already know, if not come find out for yourself.
See you there.

Awesome place for a leisurely meal.
Price is a little steep but very impressive and tasty.

Awesome place to hangout and have drinks during the day, after work...hell pretty much anytime of the say.
The food is amazing and the bartenders definitely know what they're doing.
I just discovered this place a few weeks ago and it has been my go to after a long day at work or a relaxing Saturday.
The set up is really nice, to turn a house into a full functioning bar and restaurant is pretty awesome.
Different from what I'm used to with Old Town bars and restaurants, a good different.
This will be a spot I visit frequently!

I have endured endless requests to prebooze (Crescent Ballroom is a short stumble away) and/or dine here by friends.
From this day forward, I will refuse to.
If possible, I will navigate their thirst or hunger in direction of any other surrounding restaurants.
Vig is the new kid in town.
It's (blandly) remodeled but wants you to think it's hip and those heavy-prices across the menu are therefor worth it!
They are not.
The food is mediocre and certainly not worth the cost.
Signature drinks are weak.
And that service has a standstill at below average across multiple visits.
Pull it together, Vig!

Friendly staff, great food, and great service.
Defiantly worth a try!
Their food prices average about $10 a plate but great tasting.
You can't beat their daily bottomless mimosas (until 2pm)

I am a Vig brand super fan.
Great food.
Drinks.
People.
So this breaks my heart.
The white trash-ass smoking allowed on the patio ruins this place.
It occurs to me they might allow smoking on at the Arcadia Vig, which allows explains why I live at Uptown.
Smoking is so fucking gross.
It makes your food gross.
It makes your drinks gross.
It makes the experience gross.
For example, the smokers next to me are talking about how they pee between each others legs when one is sitting on the toilet and one is standing and also about how when her boyfriend recently inserted a tampon in her vagina, he asked where their relationship could go from there.
I hope they're happy.
Also, I've now been here approaching 20 mother fucking minutes and have yet to be approached by an employee.
Embarrassing.

Loved this place!
The food was great, service was great, and the atmosphere was awesome!
Came here with a group of 8, at prime dinner time, and was quoted a half hour to 45 minute wait.
Not a big deal for us since we weren't in any hurry.
However, we were pleasantly surprised when seated only after 20 minutes.
Our server was attentive and very nice.
He even split up our checks and let all of us use our Localdines coupons we had!!
Thank you!!
I got the black bean burger and it was amazing!!
Tons of flavor and our server suggested I get the mixed fries of sweet potato and original and that was a great suggestion!!!
A little bit of everything!
We sat inside at a part that looked like a sun room.
It was extremely clean and classy and felt really comfortable with our big group.
The outside looked really nice too but we didn't have a chance to experience that.
Valet parking is complementary in the back between The Vig and CIBO.
Which is a total PLUS!
Parking is so hard to find downtown.
We will definitely come here again!

Two words...
Happy.
Hour.
This place has a great one.
I went last night with my dad, step mom, and husband and we all ate including a dessert for 30$.
Amazing!
We got the sliders (5$), the flatbread (5$), and the fish tacos (5$).
They also had other items that were less expensive like dips and breads and whatnot that were 3-4$, but we didn't try those.
Aaanyway, the flatbread of the day was a roasted tomatillo, roasted garlic, cheddar, mozz, and sausage... ohh soooo good.
The roasted veg was awesome.
I kind of loved it.
It was pretty large as well.
The sliders (3) came with a big pile of fries and were also quite large.
They were very tasty and the bun was especially good and flavorful... which you don't typically find on a slider.
The fish tacos (4) were also large and just a little spicy, they came with a really good tomatillo salsa.
For dessert we got a brownie to share at the waiter's recommendation, but this was my least favorite part of the meal.
The brownie was absolutely flavorless... what a waste of calories.
Although I don't think I would recommend the brownie, I will certainly be back for happy hour!
PS Like its predecessor Local Breeze, this place has a great patio, large and pretty with a bocce ball court!
Alright!

I love what The Vig has done with the place.
I've been coming to this location back when it was Palette, then The Local Breeze and now finally something with staying power!
The outdoor bar area is my favorite feature.
I love meeting girlfriends here for drinks and hanging out with my boyfriend enjoying some brews.
The food, of course, is excellent.
I've had the Pad Thai, their veggie burger, and the macaroni and cheese.
The Mac & cheese is my favorite but I'm from Wisconsin so anything with cheese is my favorite.
My only complaint is that the lighting in the ladies room is awful.
It's artful and decorative but some how the light doesn't illuminate your face when you lean toward the mirror.
How am I supposed to get my lip gloss on straight without proper lighting?
Not wear lip gloss you say?
That is nonnegotiable my friend.

I absolutely love this place!!!
Tracy is my favorite bartender she is such a nice person and a great server/bartender!
Honestly I have never had bad service here and I've been there a million times because I live les then a block from the restaurant

Under the heading "It could have been handled better", we stopped by after Masters of Movement downtown last Friday.
We had my 15 year old daughter with us.
It was after 9pm.
Apparently they have a rule that no one under 21 gets in after 8pm(is this City of Phoenix mandated?).
In any case, the maitre d'(or bouncer or resident whatever) stonewalled us as if we were attempting to sneak into a back alley nightclub with fake ids.
No smile, no explanation, no "come back and see us before 8pm".
I thought this was supposed to be friendly neighborhood restaurant/bar.

Food is decent.
The tater tots are particularly good.
Beer is pretty good, too.
However, I don't agree with their smoking policy.
If I want to sit outside, I should be able to sit wherever I want and not have to inhale second-hand cigarette smoke.
The Vig is now officially boycotted and I will schedule all of my business meetings elsewhere.

I have been to the Vig numerous times in Arcadia and always have a good experience.
I went to this downtown location at happy hour.
The chips that came with the guacamole were old.
We asked for new ones...it seemed like they were just reheated.
Although, our waiter was very nice and took it off the bill.
The guacamole was great but we couldn't eat it without the chips.
In addition, I ordered the steak salad and the steak tasted disgusting....like it had been sitting out or was old.
Not sure if it's because it was happy hour or what.
Although our waiter was nice the staff is a little unprofessional overall.

I really enjoy coming here!
Great food and perfect for large parties!
Plus trivia on thee table to help time go by while waiting for your food, what's not to like :)

Great burger awesome Thai chicken wings and a free birthday dessert.
The hummus was good as well with cucumbers and tomatoes.
Love the food here

Great patio if the weather is cooperating.
Decent late night menu offering.
Drinks were good but my 4am pounding headache after only two drinks makes me suspect they're using rail booze ... or maybe it was time for me to have a pounding headache at 4am.
idk.
We had to wait a bit before two of the four employees whizzing around us acknowledged our presence.
Once they did, they were both very apologetic and explained a fellow staff member suffered "an injury".
I hope they're ok.
Drinks came quickly but the missing glass of wine had to be brought to their attention.
Another genuine apology was offered.
All the food was good and the portions were share-able.
In the end, the late glass of wine was comped and we received a "25% industry discount".
I haven't been in the "industry" for a very long time so it was cool to get the discount.
I'll be back for the cool patio and laid-back vibe ...

Great food, friendly service.
Generous happy hour portions.
I loved the fish tacos & my husband swears the wings are the best in town.
He had the Thai sauce.

Overall, I give them 4/5 stars because they aren't top tier and the mimosas seem to get drowned by OJ 50% of the time but the service, environment, and food are ultimately impressive.
I always have a good time here.
No dissatisfaction with the food, as of yet.
We always enjoy the food.
The bottomless mimosas are $15 and this price should be lowered, in my opinion.
But other than that, it's a stand up place that offers comparable prices with other restaurants nearby.
The servers always provide great service, the food is always great (especially the sweet potato fries and Thai chili wings), and the environment provides a decent mid 20s to 30s crowd of decent human beings that you are likely to get into a conversation with.
Not to mention, the pleasant live music provided on a daily basis.

Aldavid is AWESOME!
Great service great food.
Great atmosphere.
I would recommend it anytime.
The posole is BOMB.

One of the best brunches I've ever had.
Our party of 8 was accommodated right away at a big table outside with plenty of shade (they gave us an extra umbrella) and greeted with water promptly.
Our server (Stephen) took great care of us!
He was very speedy and attentive (never let our water glasses go below halfway) and recommended the Corned beef hash to me which I LOVED.
yummy chopped hash with hollandaise on poached eggs (my favorite).
Best part: bottomless mimosas and $4 bloody Mary's you can make yourself with plenty of options.
I also appreciate the manager checking on us and making sure were ok.
He gave us a free chocolate mousse/graham cracker merengue dessert when we finished which was just the cherry on top To the perfect brunch.
Jazz trio playing outside was a nice touch.
If I wasn't on vacation in Phoenix for the week id be frequenting this place for their brunch and cocktails.
Thank you to The Vig for creating an awesome experience.

I love the Vig and finally had the opportunity to check out their latest addition.
I ordered their Fillmore Burger but made a few modifications to it (I replaced the cheddar with blue cheese, yum).
I usually don't order burgers but I was in the mood for one.
It was so good.
I love when a burger has that charred crust to it.
I also had the side of sweet potato fries which are amazing.
The secret sauce is a kind of curry sauce which is strangely addicting when you dip the sweet potato fries in them.
We sat outside as it wasn't too hot and they had the misters on full force.
The outside patio is great.
There's lots of room in between tables so you don't feel like you're sitting on top of one another.
Only complaint are the flies.
I think it's the area though as they're a problem next door at Cibo too.
I was busy swatting away flies as I was trying to enjoy my meal as they kept landing on our food and drinks every other second which was kind of annoying and off putting.
If I were to go back to this location I'd ask to sit inside next time unless they can figure out a way to get rid of those pesky flies.

The Vig, no matter which location, is consistently good in my books.
This review is to thank Ryan, Megan and the wait staff for hosting a wonderful event we put on for our daughter's 21st birthday.
Ryan was great to work with during initial planning.
Megan locked in all the details prior and was awesome to work with.
She even created personalized menus with our daughter's name on them, and the items we wanted available to her 21 friends.
We were waited on like VIPs the entire evening.
Apps, entrees, drinks, all came out fast and correct.
That is quite a feat given the # of people.
We were even allowed to store cake and cupcakes in their fridge.
If you are looking for a great venue to host an event...Vig Fillmore should be at the top of your list!
Thanks again everyone!

Deconstructed tacos were outstanding!!
I ordered them based on my server's claim that it was his favorite item on the whole menu.
He didn't disappoint!!
My companion had nothing but great things to say about his Prime Vig Dip sandwich as well.
A great variety of foods, quality ingredients and wonderfully prepared.
You just can't go wrong with The Vig!
My companion and I were decked out in our D-Backs garb (better to get really good food before the game than so-so food at the game for the same price as the really good food)... he took 20% off our bill!!
That act alone deserves future visits!

Been here for brunch for the second time.
The vibe is chill, less posh-sterile than the Bethany & 16th location, which I like but just leans a little to the superficial for me.
ANYWHO, i'm a fan.

Corn beef and hash WOW!
LOVE THIS PLACE.
From the hip hop funk music to the open atmosphere and the service.
The menu is just the icing on the cake.

(Lyrics - Blues Traveler - Hook)  It doesn't matter what I Yelp So long as I sing with Bo Bites At The Vig Fillmore I'll review Some inner truth or vast reflection  But I've gave them 4 stars And I can keep it up for as long as it takes And it don't matter what I try If I'm doing my job then it's my reviews that make's it  Because the Vig brings you back I ain't tellin' you no lie The Vig brings you back On that you can rely  The Vig has done it again.
This time at "the Fillmore"    Located in the heart of Phoenix downtown, the Fillmore is perfect a for Sunday brunch or after a long work day Happy Hour.
I myself prefer being Happy during my Hours - Wink!
I came after a long work day with a friend and sat at what I call the backyard bar.
Nice breezy wind blowing through the bar area which sits in the middle so traffic flows well.
While the sunset upon the valley makes this place somewhat romantic!
HH specials on food and drinks; you can't pass this up!
I ordered their Grilled Fish Tacos along with a Stella Artois (Ever since that Adrian Brody Super Bowl commercial I've been drinking this like water -- darn you Super Bowl ads!
)  Anyways, my fish tacos were amazingly tasty!
Blackened whitefish with some pico de gallo and   spicy slaw gave this dish some kick and nice crunchy texture!
With a perfect setting and friends along with food and drinks; the Fillmore definitely got me hooked!
Overall, service was best at the bar area and ambiance makes any person feel lazy, and there's nothing wrong with that - wink!
- Enjoy!

Kelly Carr at the Fillmore Vig is an outstanding bartender.
Her knowledge of spirits and other bevs is fantastic.
Not to mention her great personality and attention to customer service.
The food is great at the Vig as is the ambiance but it's people like Kelly who will keep me coming back!

My husband randomly drove by The Vig and came home to tell me we are going on a date!
I loved The Vig it has a very unique ambiance.
We will defiantly will be going back!

This was a first experience at The Vig.
My girlfriend and I are road tripping home from vacation and decided this would be a great place to check out.
We ordered the carne asada potato pancake dish and split it with a side of sweet potato and regular fries.
The food was delightful to the palate and tastefully presented.
The service, however, left much to be desired.
Our server, Lauren, greeted us promptly but proceeded to ignore our table after we gave our split order.
We had to flag her down to ask for lemons, add the side of fries, and for the check while she stopped by all of her other tables to see how they were doing and how their food tasted.
We did not receive the same service.
It was really frustrating to see other tables receive considerate service and attention while being ignore and avoided.

I love Vig, especially their nachos and half priced bottles of wine on Sundays.
However, I sincerely dislike their indoor seating because this is where all the servers gather to chat, gab, and roll silverware.
Management seriously needs to take control of the situation here because it makes me not want to go to Vig when I'd like to sit inside.

I knew the AGM through a friend.
Even if he didn't comp is drinks this place would get 5 stars.
The service is great and the drinks are soo good.
The prices were affordable and the atmosphere perfection.
If I lived in the area I would go back.
Great place.

This place is amazing for saturday/Sunday morning brunch.
I love the unlimited mimosas special - and they make them just right too!!
The yogurt with granola and dried fruit is surprisingly delicious.
They make their granola in-house.
Very good if you want a light breakfast.
The ceviche is also very good, although it is a small bowl of it.
I love sitting on the patio outside and I love how the tables have little trivia cards in pepper tins.
I definitely recommend this as a weekend brunch spot!

This Vig is now in the running with my favorite Vig in Arcadia!
On our way to Cibo to take my daughter for her favorite pizza in Phx, we pull in to valet and find here we are at this Vig.
Mistake but we opt to check it out instead of Cibo.
LOVE the spacious patio!
We sat inside but that patio has potential for awesomeness!
I love the salad with shrimp and prickly pear dressing in the summer... it's pure lightness and just enough.
My daughter wanted the sliders and to try out the cheesy filled tater tots, which 3 of us split, as they are rich.
Good!
BUT rich!
The staff is always spot on and I know this place will and already is amazing as all the Vig's are.
Being able to valet in such a busy area of town is a plus.
Can't wait to go back and check out the patio on a Sunday Funday!

This is my favorite location of the four.
I've been here numerous times and the service is always great, food is delicious and the crowd and outside area are really what makes me like this location.
Get the cheesey tater tots!
They're amazing

One of my FaVoRiTe places...My husband and I catch happy hour and it has never disappointed us.
The food is delish - the prices can't be beat.
Service is always delightful.
I love me a happy hour that starts at 3:00 in the afternoon.
Check it out.

The Vig always satisfies.
Nachos, trifecta, carne asada on a potato pancake.
Yes, yes and yes!
The inside is small and I would describe it as Restoration Hardware if Restoration Hardware was a bar.
Great portrait of Fillmore on the wall!
Great ambiance.
But, this Vig is my favorite because of it's outdoor space.
Full bar outside and plenty of lawn games.
Great spot to enjoy the weather when the weather is nice.

Whether you're at the original, Fillmore, or Uptown, you are at an awesome spot.
Great service, great menu with plenty of 'pig out' and healthy options, great variety of beers on tap and excellent speciality cocktails.
The Vig in Arcadia being a local favorite of mine when I visit Phoenix (every few months), I decided to give the Fillmore location a try on a Monday night.
Me and a buddy of mine came in, went and took a seat at the bar and were greeted right away with menus and a rundown of the specials and drinks to checkout.
Graham, the general manager, came by as well and gave us his take on the menu.
We decided to take his recommendations and order the hot chick sandwich, mac n cheese, fish tacos......actually it was about 1/4 of the menu lol.
We went for the mac n cheese and deconstructed fish tacos.
I understand his delimma of narrowing down the menu to only a few things because everything I've ever had at the Vig restaurants has been excellent!
If you are in the area or have already checked out the other Vig locations and loved them as much as I do, then you have to come check out Fillmore.
Great food, great service, great times.

I love the location, the food and of course the staff.
The inside has a cozy warm setting that's great for a date night or with a couple friends.
The outside is beautiful, great for large groups, and with misters that actually do their jobs in this Phoenix heat.
The food is great of course, my favorite is the fish tacos and the turkey sandwich.
If you're a French fries connoisseur, you have to add these to your list to try, they're amazing!
And last but not least, the staff is awesome!
Everyone is so friendly and always excited to help with suggestions.
Kori suggested I try their pulled pork special for the night and it was definitely top 3 pulled pork sandwiches I've had.
This location is definitely my go-to when I'm downtown, I'm never disappointed.

The atmosphere and service is great.
The food, however, is over priced and low quality.
I suggest only coming here for drinks.
Also, don't order the ceviche unless you're looking for soupy salsa with a few bits of fish.

Great ambience & friendly staff.
I would avoid the Fillmore burger, it has a special sauce and aioli, but it was still dry especially with a large bun.
Onion rings were a greasy frozen variety.

This place is amazing.
From the minute w e walked in we were greeted and asked for how many.
There was a wait seeing that it was Sunday brunch, which is very popular here, so we decided to eat at the bar.
The bartender was very attentive and we ordered the horchata drink.
Totally butchered that!
It was delicious.
Our food did take a little longer than normal so the manager took off an appetizer without us saying a word.
Food is amazing, service is phenomenal, will always recommended and come back!

