I love, Love, LOVE this place!
And it's not just because of the super-fresh, adventures in flavors that energize the palate.
I also drink in with admiration Cutting Board Cafe's basic philosophy: "learn.
eat.
live" (in that order).
One bite at a time.
Yes, the times they ARE a changin'!
You know it's true when Mesa, AZ has itself a vegetarian/vegan bakery, restaurant, and coffee house!
And a cutting-edge one at that.
For the menu is as lush as a rain forest with a rainbow of flavors and a satisfying taste sensation that rolls across your tongue with every bite!
Cutting board Cafe is a fast-casual place that serves up breakfast with such things as sweet potato hash, breakfast burrito, granola bowl, tamari tofu English muffin, freshly-baked cupcakes, seasonal fruit.
For lunch, there's appetizers consisting of olive tapas, bruschetta, hummus, veggies with walnut dip, and black and red bean salsa with chip.
Entrees are mostly sandwiches and wraps (black bean burger, burritos, lentil cabbage wrap, veggie sandwiches), but there's also a vegan version of mac and cheese!
And there's daily specials, as well as a ton of coffee choices, and, of course, great cupcakes and desserts.
(I had the vegan macaroon... heavenly... love at first bite!
)  Though my first adventure in savoring the flavor at Cutting Board Café was with the vegan tacos, featuring a truly amazing "meat" mixture made of walnuts, served on a pair of soft-as-a-marshmallow corn shell with blue corn chips and salsa on the side.
But it wasn't the just taste of joy across my tongue with each bite of culinary delight that sold me on this place.
It's the whole concept of Cutting Board Café.
Bringing awareness of the importance of food choices to Mesa, AZ, all in a cozy, bright setting; and how much our choices impact ourselves and the world.
And how each bite can reflect a taste of the good life... in Mesa, AZ.
Try it.
You'll like it!

What a relief, finally a good coffee shop in east mesa.
I had the Santa Monica (something new to me, kinda like a sweet biscuit soaked in orange juice served with  fresh fruit) and my wife had the breakfast sandwich (english muffin, pesto, avocado, tomato, and tofu) both were awesome.
They use quality ingredients with both their food and coffee and serve homemade pastries and bread.
Can't wait to try their lunch.
Very friendly service too.

I just tried this new place for lunch today, since I'd seen people on FB talking about it, and I was in the area.
Based on all the info, it sounded like an awesome new healthy-eating cafe, so I was eager to check it out.
The Cutting Board didn't disappoint.
They haven't even had their grand opening yet, but it's open as of now, as a soft-open.
I chatted with one of the workers, and she recommended that I try the "bb burger" - black bean patty, with delicious, crisp veggies on a wheat bun.
It was awesome, I'm so glad I tried it!
It also came with a side of house-made salsa, and blue corn chips, which was also delicious.
The salsa was flavorful without being knock-you-out spicy.
I also sampled a bit of the hummus trio appetizer plate- the original hummus was my favorite, awesome flavor.
All of the hummuses seemed a thick and on the dry side for me, but otherwise I liked the it.
Loved the TONS of fresh veggie sticks that came with the hummus trio.
I also ordered the chocolate raw cake - it was a very rich chocolate torte, made of nuts and other all raw ingredients.
I couldn't finish it, it was so rich.
But amazing flavor, I loved it.
Very chocolatey, awesome flavor.
The crumbly chocolate crust made it feel like a chocolate cheesecake.
I'd definitely order that again.
I can't wait to go back, and try all of their baked items someday.
Also, the breakfasts sound really great.
They have some amazing flavors of teas, as well.
If you're looking for some healthier options in the East Valley, you can't go wrong with this place.
I hope the restaurant does fantastic, we need more places like this!

Oh man, first of all I am soooo happy there is finally a place like this in the east valley.
Second, it's amazing!
The atmosphere is super cute and welcoming, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the food... Holy crap, yum!
So far, the tacos duo and the burrito are both incredible.
I'll definitely be back to try more since pretty much everything on the menu sounds delicious.
Oh and if you like peanut butter & jelly they have an awesome cupcake!

My wife and I have been to this little gem in the East valley several times and can't recommend it enough.
There are not too many places you can find that have your health in mind when developing their menu and even fewer that do it for every item they serve.
Well, here is a place just newly opened that does just that.
Sean and Krystal are the owners of this healthy eats café who have spent several years developing their menu that caters to vegetarian and vegan diets.
Although their menu does not have any "meat" products, you will not miss it and their "nutty" meat substitute is a delicious alternative.
Their foods are organic and locally sourced, their coffee is locally roasted, and their dream is to share their food, vision and passion with you.
Their café is a bright, clean, and colorful place to enjoy a meal, sip on a latte, rejuvenate with a fresh juice, or indulge in a delicious, freshly baked goods.
Sean and Krystal are always around for a good chat on the foods they serve, how they came up with their menu, and how environmentally friendly their café is.
They want to share their vision with you and hope to change your life.
They have set up their place as a pick up location for Sunizona family farms, for those who are interested in having fresh organic fruits and vegetables delivered weekly.
They are working with a local composter who will pick up the cafe's organic waste and recycle it back into the environment.
They even host educational events to help familiarize their customers with choosing a healthy lifestyle.
This all can be summarized simply with their mantra; Learn.
Eat.
Live.
You can check out their website at http://cuttingboardcafe.com.
Here you can read about their café, find a link to their menu, and a list of upcoming events.
Their food is delicious and I personally would like to make my way through each item they have on it.
I never thought I would ever use the words healthy and delicious in the same sentence but this café does just that.
They did a great job creating and spent many years perfecting their recipes to make each dish tasty, but more importantly good for you.
Their hours are T-Su from 7a-3p and they are closed on Mondays.
During breakfast you can enjoy breakfast burritos, sweet potato hash, fresh baked cupcakes, and fresh fruit.
They have a large selection of smoothies and coffees or teas.
For lunch you got to try the bb (black bean) burger and tacos duo (one of my favorites) or their totally vegan mac and cheese.
They also offer a vedg-head sandwich and cabbage wrap, that looked delectable and something I'll have to try next time.
The hummus trio was one of our favorites and be sure to check our their daily soup du jour!
After visiting this place you can't help but become caught up in the wave of changing your diet for the better.
My wife and I will be signing up for the weekly Sunizona farmbox and we are looking forward to eating our way to a healthier life.
So do yourself a favor and get down here to give them a try and make some new friends with the owners.
You will love it!

I liked the fact that they provided healthy items in the foods and drinks.
I gave the place 3 stars because it lacked culture feeling and the food and drink was okay.

I was so thrilled to see a vegetarian place in the East Valley.
I love Pomegranate Cafe in Ahwahtukee so I was hoping Cutting Board Cafe would a nearby alternative.
No such luck.
My husband and I tried Cutting Board Cafe for an early lunch.
He had the black bean burger.
He though the burger was ok, but he liked the tamari tofu english muffin that I got better.
I liked my dish, and I was impressed with the heirloom tomatoes and micro greens on top.
The avocado and pesto were great toppings.I did think it was a bit salty though, and my body agreed.
I was parched for water the rest of the day.
I did take out on my second visit so I could have something healthful to bring to work.
I went with the lentil cabbage wrap thinking it would be modeled after the super tasty spicy lentil wrap from Trader Joe's.
The wrap has huge and came with chips and salsa.
It was $6 which seemed like a good value.
I started with the salsa which I found slightly off-putting.
It tastes like they use lemon juice instead of lime for the acidity.
The wrap itself was awful.
The overall flavor was overwhelmingly sour, and the lentils were undercooked.
I had four bites and tossed it in the trash.
This is extremely rare for me because I hate wasting food.
It was such a disappointing experience that I don't want to risk wasting more food with a return visit.

Wow!
Wonderful healthy vegan food is finally making it's way to E Mesa!
I normally have to drive to Scottsdale to get food this good and healthy and organic.
Now I just have to drive a few miles!
My friends love this place too!

Love this place.
The best vegan food in town!

I attended a special evening screening of a documentary the other week.
Three menu options were offered for dinner, and I chose the black bean burrito/wrap.
Portion size was about average; served with some blue corn chips and a small cup of salsa.
I had high hopes, because there are few vegan/vegetarian options in Mesa.
Sadly, I was rather underwhelmed by my meal.
The wrap was lacking any sauce and flavor.
Where was the spicy tofu mayo or spices?
The salsa was bland.
Vegan doesn't have to mean boring.
Perhaps the rest of the menu is better--this review is based completely on my one meal.
The place is new, bright, and clean.
I could tell a lot of love had been put into its creation.
Hoping for a few menu tweaks to jazz up some of their entrees.
Maybe a toppings/sauce bar would help.
Pros: Menu descriptions sound appealing, Bright and clean, Friendly service Cons: A little pricey, Meal lacked flavor

I can't overstate how wonderful this place is.
Finally a vegan cafe in the Mesa/Gilbert area!
Coffee, fresh juices and smoothies, organic local veggie cuisine, and a beautiful modern atmosphere.
This place is a real gem.

my mom and her boyfriend visited me as they were going home to california from texas and i thought it would be a perfect opportunity to make them take me to an all vegan restaurant.
i had been meaning to go to the cutting board cafe ever since i heard about it so we all went.
i got the tamari tofu english muffin, hot chocolate, and a slice of pumpkin pie.
my mom got the gluten-free date bar and chai latte, and her boyfriend got a raw cranberry cheesecake and a cup of coffee.
i HIGHLy recommend the tamari tofu english muffin.
the pesto tasted REALLY cheesy, and the tofu was sliced thin, very flavorful, and had a nice firm texture.
the hot chocolate wasn't that great, it didn't seem very chocolatey and seemed kind of watered down.
the pumpkin pie was really good.
i think they might have even used fresh pureed pumpkin to make it.
however, i could do without the "whipped cream" that it came with.
i dumped it all on top of the pumpkin pie without trying it first and i was disappointed to find it had no flavor.
i'm pretty sure that it was raw whipped cream, because it wasn't very smooth.
not to the point of grittiness, but you could tell it was made from cashews.
i had a little bit of my mom's date bar and i quite liked it.
the raw cranberry cheesecake was also adequate.
it didn't quite live up to the name "cheesecake" i probably wouldn't call it that.
it fails as a cheesecake, but on its own as a completely unique raw cake or something, it would be great.
it was a bit too rich for my tastes, but good nonetheless.
in conclusion, i will definitely be returning to the cutting board cafe to have that wonderful english muffin sandwich, and possibly try some of their other dishes.
the staff were also very nice and the restaurant was very clean and well kept.
can't wait to go back!

I've only gotten coffee here, so I don't have a whole lot to say.
My boyfriend lives in Gilbert, which, to me, is chain central.
I was happy to see the sign for a grand opening, and a name I didn't know.
It's cute inside.
The decor is modern.
The staff (I think they are the owners) were super friendly.
My request for an ice cube in my coffee didn't cause them to bat an eye, like at some places.
I will definitely eat here next time I go in.
The menu looked fresh, and i believe everything is vegetarian.

Finally!!!
Organic food in East Mesa!!!!!
This place is amazing!
I have eaten here many times now and everything I have tried I have loved.
I am not even vegan or vegetarian and the food is delicious.
Great coffee, treats, black bean burger, lentil wrap, soups, homemade salsa and dressings; I love it.
This place rules.

Cute and quaint little cafe featuring a clean assortment of foods.
A friend and I stopped in here for lunch.
The food was very fresh and the staff was very friendly.
We will definitely return.
The only suggestion I have is that the sign mention the raw cuisine options.
Currently the sign from the street just says coffee shop but this is definitely more than that.

I agree with the comment below mine, definitely should get a better sign to emphasize the organic, raw, vegan food.
I was looking for this place for a couple days, and kept driving right past it because all I saw was CAFE.
Have to admit my first meal was ok, It was the sweet potato hash.
The avacados were perfectly ripe, crisp green tomatoes, but the sweet potatoes were not cooked through and not seasoned well at all.
I will definitely give this place another go, but was kinda disappointed.
It happens though I'm sure it was a one time deal.
The green juice was fantastic!
Will be back for sure.

My tamari tofu english muffin was delicious!
I also enjoyed the salted caramel expresso I got.
There were out of the quiche wedge which was disappointing but my english muffin was so delicious I am excited to go back to try the quiche and get another salted caramel coffee!

My family is vegan and vegetarian and my brother and sister in law who were visiting from out of town are gluten free so I did a search and found this restaurant and we loved it.
It is obvious they take care in everything they make.
We all ordered something different plus the bruschetta for an appetizer and it was so good.
There aren't a lot of veg restaurants out on this side of town (east valley) to begin with and the fact that the food is fantastic and the owner was awesome just made our day.
We are so happy to have found such a great place closer to where we live and my relatives said they want to come back to eat here every time they visit.

Clean fresh organic flavorful fun!
Breakfast burrito was huge & delicious & went great with the protien bowl.
Felt great, good atmosphere.

I LOVE THIS PLACE!!
I have been visiting Mesa, AZ from Los Angeles this past week and discovered this organic gem!!
In this healthy food desert (not many healthy places to eat in Mesa), I have found bliss!!
My mom loves it too!
Please support this family owned restaurant.
You can tell they do it out of love and with love.

New fan of the Cutting Board!
This was my first visit.
I love meat but I'm also Gluten Free and I've always liked Vegan and Vegetarian.
The Cutting Board has a fresh approach with a 'Whole Foods Cuisine' that is also very Local, Organic, Vegan and Vegetarian.
My Five year old son had the Taco Duo.
I've never known a pickier eater.
If it doesn't look Great (to a five year old!!
) he won't even taste it.
I held him hostage with his request for a Cookie but he devoured a taco and ate most of the chips and salsa.
This was truly amazing for him.
I had the soul-full salad.
Lots of ingredients I've not seen in a salad before but it really worked!!
All Fresh, Whole and Organic!!!
Also had the Raw Cheesecake (GF and dairy free), Robert had the chocolate cookie and let me taste it.
And I brought a Date bar home.
Can wait to go back!

Well the first time we went the food was great, but slow... today we went for brunch and waited 40+ min for our food!
this was ridiculous as the table next to us got their food right after  us but sat down 20 min after us.... no discount offered no real apologies and the portions were tiny.
**** the worst offense - selling Non-vegan desserts in their display case!
you are supposed to be a vegan place first.
No sign on these non-vegan items  to alert vegans not to eat*** We are NOT going back.
Shame too, since "vegan" places are hard to find.
Green and Pomegranate Cafe are way better.

Had breakfast here for the first time and it was delicious!
Really cute cafe with a better selection of food than I was expecting.
Staff was really friendly as well.
Only downside was they were pretty slow getting our food even though we were the only people there.
But overall worth a visit, especially for all you vegans :)

Just came across this place on a restaurant search ap this morning and wanted to give it a try.
I could easily end up becoming a regular here.
We went for breakfast, but they also have lunch and have recently added dinner.
Oh, and they do Take and Bake pizza on top of that!
I had the tofu scramble and my partner had the French toast.
Both were amazing.
We split a freshly baked vegan cinnamon roll with our coffee for dessert.
Unbelievably sweet and tasty.
It was pretty quiet this morning so there was no waiting and plenty of time for the owner to share lots of info about The Cutting Board, the menu, ingredients, plans for the future etc..
The food came out in a reasonable amount of time by a friendly server who was also able to explain some of the details of my scramble.
I didn't recognize some of the micro greens on top so she clued me in.
I was nosy with the table near us and those folks shared that the breakfast burrito and the tofu tamari English muffin were also really good.
Cleanliness matters to me and this place was spotless.
We noticed they had a few outside tables and a water bowl for dogs.
Thinking next time will bring the boys.
Okay, my Take and Bake pizza is almost ready.
Hope it is as good as breakfast was.

I went there for coffee in the morning and after looking at the menu came back for dinner with my whole family.
This is the perfect place to be full after eating but not the gross-feeling-food-coma type of way.
Delicious food!
I stared at the menu for about 10 minutes not being able to decide because everything looked so appetizing.
Even my meat and potatoes Dad ate his entire meal.
The owner introduced himself and explained the concept behind The Cutting Board and even told us about how he bakes fresh cinnamon rolls with orange zest on Saturday morning.
Can you guess where I'm headed to this morning at 8am?

Went for dinner.
Had the protein bowl.
It was 10 dollars for a small salad.
It was good but should have been more.
Needed more veggies.

Great vegan food.
I've decided that this is a very healthy choice for lunch and dinner when eating out.
All their ingredients appear very fresh and expertly prepared.
They also serve great juice blends and coffees, so this can also be a great place to hang out for a quick snack.
Staff were super friendly.
You can pay by card using Square on a cool swivel iPad.
This place is really in tune with the modern age on many levels.
Highly recommended if you're looking for healthy eats before heading over to see a movie at Harkins Superstition Springs, just down the road.

Sorry guys, it really shouldn't take 30 minutes to make 2 small vegan tacos.
There were a couple people that ordered dine-in ahead of me, but when their food came out, it looked like everyone had ordered some form of salad, so that's even less reason for the preparation to be so slow!
That being said, the tortillas tasted and looked freshly made.
The taco ingredients were tasty, with a vibrant pleasing look.
I really liked the spices and seasoning in the walnut meat mixture, and the tomatoes and micro-cilantro were very fresh.
The salsa had a touch of spice which livened up the meal, and the sesame cucumber side was refreshing.
The pay system is through an i-pad where you have the option of adding tip to your meal right when you order, which I always find weird.
How can I adequately add tip to service which I haven't even received yet?
(I usually don't carry enough cash to tip in cash after the end of my meal either- I usually leave it up to the credit card)

We were in the area to check out Power Road Market and stopped by here beforehand for a grab to eat.
I ordered their nut tacos which were great.
The cold corn tortillas threw me off, I think it would be better warm.
However, the flavors were great and the portion size was perfect.
My boyfriend got their BB burrito.
We both thought that it was OK.
It was definitely missing something as it was pretty dry and bland.
If you're looking for a vegan restaurant with unique offerings, I would try this place out!

Awesome to have vegan and vegetarian options in the Far East valley.
Foods are based more on homemade whole foods instead of processed fake meats.
Friendly and knowledgable staff.
Will definitely return!

We were very impressed with our meals at Cutting Board.
Everything was fresh, the menu and preparation is well thought out.
The service was excellent and the atmosphere, pleasant.
We live in Phoenix and found Cutting Board Cafe by accident and discovered a gem.
We will return and worth the drive for this vegan, who typically will not drive more than 5 miles for a meal.

Such a great place, went there tonight and had the Roasted Veggie sandwich.
It was delicious!
I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a good meal, especially vegans & vegetarians!
Also the people were super friendly :)

Start it pulp fiction style.
End last then work backwards.
Sean and his wife(not sure her name) are doing this because they've lived it and love it.
They menu that is - for years.
The life of honoring the body and all that it unconditionally does for us, with the best food available.
He told me he just wanted to take a chance and do something that he was passionate about with the pay off being spreading the love to the individual patrons and his community.
From my perspective, they're food artists and if you're going to change the world, it will start by inspiring people to begin on the inside.
Food artists sharing their creation with whoever they can.
We were served the carefully prepared potato soup, which was a touch spicy with VIBRANT spread of flavors.
Some soups are hella one note.
This was a perfect start.
Then the hummus trio (we asked for all veggies vs chips) they obliged without question and hooked us up with a spread that was crisp and colorful.
All hummusessesss (hummisi?
lol) were divine.
Not crazy garlicky like Pita Jungle, and creamy but textural.
Most fresh made hummus we've had is very oily.
In fact usually topped with oil to boot.
We purposely saved some so that we could crush it later tonight.
Stoked for that second round!
My angel side kick had the VegHead sandwich.
It ended up being the star of the show in retrospect.
The ingredients were so insanely fresh that it makes me think a little less of Wholefoods right now.
Is that possible?
Best way to describe it is "full".
The veggies taste full.. not dull.. like its all there somehow.
Something about the hummus in this entree and the onions and greens almost reminded us of a Tuna fish sandwich (which as vegetarian we haven't been able to enjoy in way too long.
)  Obviously not a fishy flavor but that same vibe in terms of fulfillment and an after taste that we're still smiling about.
Yep we trieddd..
I mean struggled to save a little of this too so we could experience it later.
We did this because we live out in the west valley and only get down here once a month.
Ok so my entree was the Protein Quinoa Bowl.
Epic.
The ingredient spread is exactly the Eat to Live balance that your body knows exactly what to do with.
Ie.
nothing gets stored as fat, you feel energized and satisfied but not sleepy and useless.
I actually got crafty and ate it in the same bite as some hummus.
Something about that combo just gives you the WTF eye roll when something is perfect.
We preceded the meal with iced americanos (good) and then Sean hand made me a pour over of a local organic coffee (great) that was smooth and had a sneaky undertone of Amaretto.
So Fun@!
Local organic coffee has been super tough to find for us so this was a nice surprise.
Things people have said on Yelp: :Not FAST food".
I.e.
- they had to wait for their food.
Our response because we've tried to make organic fresh at home, is it takes a good amount of prep when it's done at the time you're about to eat (vs. pre-prepped).
Lastly.. we always chuckle over the craziness of living in a society where you have to pay extra for non-poisioned (ie Organic)  food.
Wholefoods/Trader Joes .. etc.
But there is salvation.
Cutting board and their willingness to risk a business like this ahead of the curve, even in the face of the early bird special, Filbertos, nay-sayers.
We hope that they are rewarded with great success for following their hearts.
Go.
In joy.

A vegan paradise!
If you want amazing delicious food that's good for your soul made by truly wonderful people then this is the place for you!
Highly recommend this cafe, even if your not vegan, this place will show you that healthy food is YUMMY!!

My husband and I are always looking for new places, places with thoughtfulness put into their food.
This place hit the spot.
Not only do they cater to vegan and vegetarian they have a community atmosphere with meetings focused toward healthy eating every week.
They source local ingredients and focus on health including so much flavor.
My husband picked this place, great choice.
We are conscience meat eaters but enjoy many non meat dishes.
He had roasted vegetable sandwich, and was pleasantly surprised.
Very flavorful and fresh tasting!
I had the vegan tacos, with walnut "meat".
This was my first try with nut as my meat, fantastic.
The flavor was yummy and quite filling!
We will continue supporting this fantastic place!

We had such a great first experience at The Cutting Board!
Starting with a friendly welcome from the owner Sean and the staff, through the amazing lunch we had, down to our amazing cinnamon bun treat with espresso!
Everything we had whole heartedly reflected the thought and love put into each dish.
The sweet potato cabbage soup stole the show though!
It was such a wonderful surprise of perfectly paired flavors!!
Can't wait to get back and experience other menus items!
Next up, breakfast...can't wait to make hard decisions of what to order because I'll want it all!

Loved this restaurant.
Really, really good food using local ingredients!
Little on the expensive side.

This place was awesomesauce!
We ordered the bruschetta as an appetizer and loved it.
It came out on a large block of wood and we ended up taking two pieces home otherwise we would not have had room for our meal.
It was delicious and the bread is homemade!
I ordered the tacos and was blown away by the walnut filling.
I will have a hard time exploring the menu when all I will be able to think about are those tacos.
My husband got the burrito and almost didn't want to give me a bite.
I think the only reason he did was to get a bite of mine.
haha.
Their iced tea is also amazing and they give refills!
We will definitely be going here again.
Not just to support local, organic, vegan food in the otherwise widely vegan barren Arizona, but because their food was just that good.

Best vegan place in the valley!
It's extremely difficult to find a restaurant that you have to pick and sort through the menu and then google to make sure that the food is vegan.
This place may be a little on the pricier side but it is totally worth it!
We usually eat at home so we know what ingredients we are eating but with this place you don't have to worry.
Highly recommended to vegans out and about in the east valley.

The foods was not too bad.
It lacks flavors but my partner's sandwich was delicious.
He had roasted veg sandwich and it was full of flavors in it.
I got lentil wrap and unfortunately it tasted bland.
I ended up added salsa to it and that helped a bit.
The prices were too ridiculously high.
Nearly costed us thirty dollars just fire a wrap and a sandwich plus two glasses of iced tea.
The side were just the chips.
For that reason, we probably wouldn't come back again unless we are going there with friends.
I still would recommend the place.
Price just doesn't agree with me that's all.
The iced tea was really delicious, though!

