This place is by far the best place in the area.....not only is it "good for buckeye" it's a great place for anywhere......the decor is modern yet warm and inviting they have a couple dozen big screens a great sound system nice stone work and a hard wood floor....the  food is first rate if you know filibertos Mexican food....forget it .....the menu is completely different ...I had an amazing burger my wife had the cob salad that she loved....the app was steak skewers with mango salsa....very very good...it's bar food elevated...The place beat every expectation i had and i cant what to try everything on the menu.
These  people have put a lot  of work into this place from the decor to the menu and it shows....I'm an instant regular...oh I have never commented on yelp before but I just had to for this place........

Not only is the menu something new to Buckeye, but also very delicious!
They also have Victoria on tap!
There is something for everyone on the menu, this is a must try!!

Went there last week and there was a qtip in the carna fries.
Gross!!!!!
Went to the sports grill side and got seated then 5min later had me move seats to another table even after we got our food, Very Rude!!!!!!
Plus it's suppose to be a bar at night but they have kids in there till past 10:30, very inappropriate and uncomfortable, especially if your going to drink!!!!
Who wants to drink and dance in front if kids?
I might as well just stayed home.
The food is over priced and it's small inside.
I prefer native New Yorker!!!!!!

This DJ sucks I asked 2 hours ago for salsa or merengue music they don't paid attention to the customer request only to the request of one table ...that requested Cumbia all the time

Way over priced!
Every other lengthy review is an employee or owner!
Just a heads up!

I was a bit skeptical about a Filibertos Sports bar, but the Menu is a great selection, I've been to Bootys and Native and I would choose Filibertos over them..
The Chicken Wings are great!
I've also had the angus cheese Burger and seasoned fries... Really good!

