I saw that today was there soft opening on instagram so I stopped by.
Their shop so far looks good.
Can't wait to see their shop after everything is setup.
They have a wide selection of mods, accessories and e-juices.
You know you want to check it out haha.
I purchased a few new flavors a wrap for my little sis and some stainless steel wick.
Something new to mess with.
One of the guys there built my rsst with that ss wick and it works great.
I will be back.Thanks again Vape Street Las Vegas.

Def one of the best Vape lounges in town even if they're only in their soft opening.
They live up to expectations of "Best Prices in the US".
A must go for all Vapers.
They have a very wide selection of juices and even have a daily deal of 3 for $30 n 3 for $25 on e-juice depending on size.
Vape Street will be my Vape Lounge of choice.
Great crew as well.
Good looking out to the owner and staff for the hook up.
I appreciate it alot.

I had some business to do in the area, and while i was on my yelp app i saw that Vape Street was in the same block so i just walked over.
They are, at the moment, in their soft opening phase and there's a lot of work to be done about their signs and advertising.
So other than word of mouth, and yelp and a few other sources you may not hear or see this place.
I walked in and was greeted.
It was chill and relaxed, A lounge couch facing the tv with the movie, Shaolin Soccer playing lol, a big Vape Street Logo on the floor and a nice selection of mods, tips and accessories in their nice lighted showcases.
I spent some time looking at their mods, low serials and quite a few limited editions!
very impressive.
I also spent some time testing the flavors, half or more of which i've heard of, and the others which i really liked the taste of and others were just alright.
Like others have said, there's a deal going on for 3 liquids for the price of $30 or $25 depending on the size of bottle.
Not bad!
At the time i did not purchase any as money is low nowadays, but I did like quite a few flavors that i got to try, like venom and King's Cup.
The people working there were friendly, knowledgeable and patient with all the questions i had, especially about the rebuildables and mods.
Also what i found quite unique is they have something called SpotOn where each time you walk in, you pull out your SpotOn rewards card and scan it, you receive a spot point and with those spot points you can redeem rewards, such as a drip tip or a discount on juice which i think is pretty awesome.
And I have never heard of SpotOn before today.

Was looking for a specific brand of juice.
Uncle Junks.
In Vegas, it's pretty hard to find as mostly cali ran vape shops carry it.
Vape Street carried it along with another huge selection of brand juices.
Probably the best selection of artisan brand juices in Vegas.
Large selection of mods.
VV/VW and Mech.
This place is definitely great whether you're new to vaping or experienced.
Great customer service and atmosphere.
They havent had their grand opening yet, so there isn't a sign up on the building but it's definitely worth a visit and not too hard to find.

I went in around 9 pm .
The guy with the glasses was super friendly and patient !
Most places they tend to just rush you and get kind of annoyed when you keep on trying flavors .
Good prices, great juice !
I will be back !
Thanks guys!

Well they definitely win in shiniest floor in a vape shop, but also have one of the larger inventory when it comes to mechanical mods!
Definitely a shop for me to watch though wallets will cry if they end up getting something on my must have list (which is thankfully not long at the moment).
The BF has been in while I was on vacation, but this visit was my first time.
We initially came because of a issue he had with the ohm reader he got - he didn't know Oracles didn't read to the hundredths.
While that's not their fault we thought to ask if it was exchangeable and they were far more than accommodating and gave him a refund.
While he was dealing with that, I was checking out their flavor bar and was happy to see they have Freemasons Elixir line!
Justice, a Asian pear juice,  has been my new obsession all day vape on my dripper.
I got my bottle in California and glad to have a place to restock right here.
The guy helping me at the flavor bar was friendly and the BF has said that they've been great to him here on the past visits too.
A plus - they have a adorable shop dog.
Good first impressions, I will be back to see how this relationship grows.

It has been a little over 2 months since i did my First review for Vape Street.
I still come back often just to chit chat and hang out with everyong, try some juice and envy over all the mods.
I'm not the richest guy around but i've managed to save up enough money for a kayfun lite and bought it there.
Peter gladly showed me how to build it, what to look for, what to do and what not to do.
I of course tipped him and went on my merry way.
Customer service has been consistent every time and can say Vape Street has come to be my number 1 shop out of all the shops i've been to.
They have everything I'm looking for in Vaping including the knowledge and advice.
Definitely a happy camper.

Customer service was better than 5 stars.
Walked in and was greeted by their four legged mascot.
(Very friendly dog)   Prices are EXTREMELY reasonable.
I came in to get a Nemesis Clone, after calling 10+ stores only a handful had them in stock.
Everyone in town is charging $60.00 for a clone, they were priced competitively at $65.00.
They also have a a great selection of high quality juices.
(Bamskilicious: Lychee) (Crush: Kings Cup)  Those are two amazing juices that always fly off the shelf, get them if you can!
I will be going back, it was just a nice place to hang out.
They helped me setup my Nemesis with a dual coil and drip a ton of juices to try out on my new mod.
Stop by if you are in the area!

Really new shop.... Defiantly worth stoping by nice selection of mods.... Great build station too!....

Came here yesterday to pick up a kanger pro tank and some ube juice.
Very friendly and knowledgable staff.
Wish I could have stuck around to try out the juice bar tho.
This is now my go to vape spot whenever I'll be in town!
Swing by and check them out!

Amazing customer service!
We are first timers that will surely be returning customers everytime we visit LV.
Great help from AJ, Danny, and owner Daniel.
Thank you for the warm, friendly, welcoming vibe.
Will definitely recommend to our friends and family both here and back home in California.
-Margo and JR

I've been to many vape shops is Las Vegas, and this spot is mos def one of my boyfriend and I's faves.
The shop itself is nestled in a plaza on the corner of Flamingo and Decatur, kinda easy to miss if ur not lookin for it.
But other than that, Vape Street is a really great and affordable shop.
They really have the best pricing I've seen so far.
They carry my favorite brand of e-juice Bamskilicious, which many shops don't offer.
I love the lychee and ripe mango flavor.
Furthermore, the guys that work there are very nice and approachable, not to mention knowledgable about everything vape.
Go visit them for all your vaping needs!

Really wish I could put 10 stars on this review.
Since the first time I came in the shop they have always treated me like family and with respect and have always been helpful and Informative with any question I've had.
I highly recommend them to everyone I know keep up the great work.
I love you guys.

Vape street is the hottest stop to vape at in Vegas good looking out on mods and juices thanks vape street lv

First impression walking in they are very friendly great customer service & the shops really nice.
They have a lot of stuff to look at & are very knowledgable of their products.
I came in to get unicorn milk & get my rda drilled out.
The guy there was a great help..

The people there are very nice and knew what they were talking about the new E-cigarette (MOD osiris dominion) model.
It's pretty nice and I should be quitting soon on cigarette.
The piece of rubber on the MOD broke and they fixed it free of no charge.
That's great service and they also gave me a great discount for a first timer on using the Mod model.

I wish I could give a better rating than 5 Stars.
Went in there just as they were about to close and instead of rushing my order and closing up shop, they stayed open and answered all of my questions and addressed all of my needs!
Vanessa, Daniel and Jenny were a great help.
They treated me like family not to mention they had a large range of juices to choose from as well as beginner devices to high end mods.
*Tip - If Robert is working, ask him to do his special dance.
It will surely give you a laugh.
Super Great Staff!

I've been here twice now, and have not been disappointed.
Their juice bar is fantastic and both times I've been blow away by their juice selection and flavors and ending up buying three 15 ml's.

Recently visited Vegas and I wanted to check out some shops.
This one was the closest.
I had an AMAZING experience here.
Customer service was excellent.
The employees were very nice and answered every question I had.
They were very knowledgeable about everything vape related.
Product wise:  Vary wide selection of high end mech mods, atomizers and accessories.
They pretty much have everything you need from low budget starter kits to high end stuff.
Juice: They also have a wide variety of different flavors.
All the flavors I sampled were delicious!
Overall summary: Very knowledgable staff, kind, and patient.
Wide variety of devices and eliquid.
I had a great experience.
Thank you Vapestreet!
If I'm ever down here, you guys will always have my business.
It was a pleasure!
I would definitely recommend anyone to come and check this place out!

Great place to go if you're looking for a wide selections of vape needs.
People are all friendly with great service as well and they make you feel at home.
Clothing is also nice too.

Stopped by a few vape shops while my trip to vegas and vape street by far has the biggest selection and had the cheapest prices in town.
Danny built my kraken and its awesome.
thanks again Vape Street.
Just as awesome as the california location!

Just needed some juice and was surprised by their selection of juices.
The different mods and tanks also, I really couldn't believe it.
Stuff I never heard of or seen before so I'll give 5 stars based on their inventory.
I will for sure stop by again to see what's new

Stop by this store with a group of friends from Cali.
And nothing but good vibes from this place.
The employees (Danny and AJ) were very helpful.
Came to just peep the place with no intentions of buying anything, and I came out buying a new atomizer.
The prices here are on point.
Happy with what the store has to offer.
The place is very spacious and clean.
Mos def coming back if I'm in need of some vape needs out in Vegas.

hands down the best vape shop in Vegas!
if you need a rebuild, I suggest AJ.
thank you vape street Las Vegas!

I came here while visiting with some friends because we all needed juice and rebuilds.
AJ was very helpful and the build he did on my IGO-W was one of the best I've had so far.
I definitely recommended this shop over other shops in Vegas.
They're very welcoming and friendly, and very knowledgeable about the products they sell and about building.
If you're in town and you need anything vape-related, check this shop out.
You won't regret it.

See Im used to the location in Artesia.
So it came to a heavy surprised when I visited Vegas months ago that Vape Street was right there waiting for me.
It gets popping over here and I'm very impressed that they got a location in Vegas.
Location, location, location!!
If they are the gold standard already in California for vapes, then they are the platinum standard over in Vegas.
When I'm not going HAM in Vegas, I'm usually there to shop and shop a lot.
This is definitely one of the places to stop by.
The customer service doesn't change just the geographical content.
Lots of variety in terms of the juice and the equipment.
Education yourself on vaping and come through Vape Street.
This will be one of the places I come through next time Im back in Sin City!

Great customer service.
Only shop I go to when in Vegas because they're fast and always have inventory

Visiting Vegas and looking for a vape shop.
Vape Street is a great place to go.
Christian hooked me up.
Good atmosphere and  friendly people.
Not far off the strip.

Aaaaaaaah!
So the shorty and I were on our way to IHeartVape and decided to make a quick stop here because of the plenty of 5 star reviews.
Walked in and was completely taken by the setup.
A very nice variety of mech mods and accessories.
Gotta love Pinoy love there.
Visayan Baby!
Any ways, their assortment of juices is quite big considering no house juice.
Greeted by a cute girly, Venessa, (hope I spelt your name right girl), and to my amazement, she's a dripper.
Ooo weee.
So let's just put it out there that, I'm a really picky vapor.
Reason saying, I did not purchase any juices.
Plus I'm more directed to a Max VG style vape or maybe a 80/20 mix, and most of the good flavors she introduced me to were 50/50 blends.
Darn!
Hey, but she did try though.
My shorty was easy, strait menthol makes her happy.
Overal, the experience was awesome.
Atmosphere is good, shop is cool/mello.
Plenty parking.
Only cons and reason for the 4 star rating, no chemist.
I like my blends a certain way and IHeartVape does it all the time.
Pinoys are the original though, and their proud to say it.
But maybe a juice chemist/mixologist , would make this a good vape n chill spot.
Check them out if your around.
Because I didn't find a flavor, does not mean you won't.
Happy Vaping.

