Fresh margaritas made to order, not too sweet- best I've had this side of the Caribbean!
Tacos are money as well- fish and shrimp were my favorite.
4 stars because steak tacos were over cooked and guacamole needs more flavor.

Chips and salsa ok, great price Meat sticks ok, great price Margarita not so great.
.99cents though  Football games blared in my ears.
Was there on a Saturday afternoon.
Pretty filled up.
Waitress was cool!

Ambiance and staff are a huge part of an experience, and for a "foodie," can even make up for the lack of punch in flavor, which is very much the case here.
Sol Diablo is a great new little spot #1 because their staff are friendly and attentive, we enjoyed a late Sunday dinner here and were welcomed and greeted by almost every one working.
Our waitress was friendly, and quick.
The decor is on-point, exactly what you'd expect from a trendy new spot near the college.
The food, not so much.
We had a decent size group so the manager provided us with complimentary chips and salsa  as we waited for our food.
The best menu item was the Chicken Skewers, tender and flavorful, the slaw it laid on was lacking, tasted bland and unfinished.
The tacos were similarly disappointing, Chicken was dry, actually made it hard to swallow, and the tortilla completely fell apart after one bite, each of us ended up using forks to eat our tacos.
The Carne Asada Burrito was decent, again, just not a lot of flavor, but a good portion.
"Mexican" food can be so basic meat, cheese, tortillas, beans, and rice, there really isn't much to it.
The fact is you can get it on almost every corner in AZ, and you can get it for dirt cheap, my suggestion, is go to Sol for the atmosphere, not the food.
Overall, I'd love to give the spot another chance, as they are still so new, I hope they find a way to step up the food.

I honestly really wanted to like this place, but it unfortunately ended up disappointing me.
Lets start with the good.
This place is seriously nice inside.
There's a great patio area and it seems like a really cool place to hang out with your friends.
Very clean inside and very friendly staff.
I'd be happy to spend a few hours here with some good company.
From then it starts to go bad.
I was just passing by and decided to try this place.
It was such a slow night that they were closing up 3.5 hours earlier than their listed hours (closed around 10:30pm).
I got a beef taco to go and price to size it was actually a really good deal.
The tortilla was warm and reminded me a little like flat bread.
There was high quality lettuce and everything looked great.
Then I bit into it.
It was way too salty that I couldn't taste anything at all.
I think I'll come back in a couple weeks (if they're still open then) and try the food again.
It has a lot going for it and other than the salt content would be an awesome place to relax.

Came in for the opening weekend, great street tacos; I recommend the tri-tip.
Dollar margaritas are a decent size.
Very nice interior layout, as well as a back area for beanbag games and beer pong.
Casual bar, nice break from Mill.

Makes me really sad that they don't have many drink or food specials, especially on Tuesdays, which is a big thing around ASU.
I don't see this place lasting long if they have to compete with other places with better pricing for the same quality of food and drinks.
Although I will say their margaritas are a lot better than Loco Patron's.
Hopefully the management figures out some specials soon so more people start coming here!
It's a little ways off Mill, too, and a lot of people still haven't heard of it.
It's probably only a good spot during football season.

Here we go.
Maybe it has been a while for me hanging out in Tempe.
But I will start with this... Paper plates?
That just doesn't seem right for a Mexican restaurant.
Also, I asked the server for a napkin and she brought me a stack of cocktail napkins.
And the chips sure seemed like some kind of Doritos to me.
The salsa was ok.
I asked if they have multiple choices for salsa and nope just one.
I ordered the chicken tacos they were ok.
But phoenix market has been flooded lately with tacos shops and burger shops and these tacos were nothing to brag about.
Service was good .
Server was good.
Bunch of tv's looked good.
Probably wont go back.

Went for lunch last week and was very impressed with the service.
We tired the guacamole and it was wonderful, full of tomatoes, onions, cilantro and lime juice.
I had the tri tip burrito and also tried the green chili pork, while both were good unfortunately the amount of salt was so overpowering I could barely eat them.
Hopefully that was just an off day because the place itself is great, love the decor and the servers rocked.
I will still try it again and hope the salt level lessens.
The other complaint is the amount of time it took to get our bill, I think we waited about 20 minutes.
They need to keep in mind a lot of people in the area are on the lunch hour, so be timely is important!

Tried to come here for lunch today.
Sign advertised 5.95 lunch and I work right across the street, so I thought what the heck... "it can't be that bad.
" Well we will never know cause they were closed for lunch.
No sign, no explanation, just flat out locked doors.
Unacceptable.
The only reason this place gets two stars is they offer free chips and salsa with check-in.
Fun fact, 94% of mexican restaurants already offer free chips and salsa.

Really good sports bar.
Had a "meeting" here one night and it wasn't too crowded during the week.
Service was good and prices were also pretty good.
I hear the lunch specials are great so I definitely need to make it back soon.
Check it out if you are in the area.
One nice thing about this part of Tempe is there is no shortage of good bars.

Decent mexican food, everyone in the group i went with enjoyed their meals no complaints.
I ordered the chicken tacos on the lunch menu included 3 they were good.
went here for lunch and their lunch specials were $5.95 which isn't bad.
i'd highly recommend checking it out, its close to ASU, the only Downside chips and salsa are extra not something that is free.
Plenty of TV's and outdoor seating to watch the game.

I loved this place!
The waitress was so nice and helpful.
The food was amazing.
The best nachos I've ever  had.
The owner came over to see how everything was.
He seemed very excited about the recent changes and was genuinely interested in our feedback.
I wish I lived closer, but will definitely be back the next time I'm in the area.

closed!
out of business already??

