You know how Buddy the Elf has a list of "food groups" that include every variety of sugar imaginable?
Well - I'm kind of like that - but with cheese.
Mac and Cheese.
Grilled Cheese.
And of course, Cheese Curds.
Mmmmm.
I have been eagerly waiting to eat at the Curd Girl cart since I read an article about it last year.
We finally made it to the Farmer's Market last weekend and I got my chance!!
I stalked the cart until I spotted someone outside to let me know when they'd be opening - and when they did, I was the first in line!!
I ordered the curds with the garlic aioli.
I was very impressed with my first bite.
The cheese was hot and very good.
The garlic aioli was perfection.
But then I had to wait about five minutes to eat the next one while I dealt with some awesome behavior by my 3 year old.
And when I did make it back to my beloved curds - it was just grease, grease, and more grease.
I realize curds are best eaten fresh, but it didn't seem right that after just a few minutes I could barely taste the cheese through the grease.
I'm not a frying expert (or even an amateur - let's face it, I know nothing about frying) but I've heard that if the oil is not hot enough things like this happen.
I'm betting - hoping - that maybe my anxiousness to be the FIRST person in line actually hurt my curd eating experience, and had I just been a bit more patient, my curds would have been all that I had dreamed about.
I have high hopes for Curd Girl - it's a genius idea and they have the cutest food cart ever!
I'm already planning trip #2 so that I can bump this star rating up a notch or two!

The menu is short and sweet: cheese curds and lemonade.
The lemonade was $3 and the cheese curds were $6.
Yes, it is more expensive than a side of Culvers cheese curds.
However, the quality is far better.
The cheese curds come with one dipping sauce.
I ordered the curds with siracha aioli, and I paid an extra dollar to get the the strawberry rhubarb sauce.
Both were delicious!
I would put these in my top three curds in Wisconsin.
The cart itself also has a cute, retro, Wisconsinesque design that makes you smile.
The service was friendly and reasonably speedy for fresh fried.
Cash only.

