Scenario: cold water valve to our washer snapped off.
Water shooting everywhere.
Had to turn all the water off to our house.
No sooner had I left a message when I got the call back.
Capital plumbing was out to my house in about 30 minutes!
Gentleman was courteous and upfront about the potential repair but had everything fixed in a relatively short time frame.
Thank you Capital Plumbing Inc!

I was looking for a plumber to move our water softner from house to another, we found capital plumbing inc, online and we called.
Dave and Dan were great, they came when we needed them most.
They were fast and efficient .
They also have great prices too!
thanks to them we had no problems.
they also offer great solutions to have a carbon filter system for cold water, so that our new place's pipe wont get eaten by salt.. thank you capital plumbing inc you guys are great.
whenever i need  a plumber you are my go to guys!
thanks!

Had a sewer clog on Sunday morning that started to flood my downstairs.
Called Dave and within 30 minutes he was at my house.
Dave is extremely personable and professional.
Not only did he fix our issue but he explained what the problem/remedy was in a way that we could understand.
I hope I don't need plumbing services again but in the event I do I will always call Capital Plumbing!

Very reasonable, professional would definitely recommend to anyone who needs a plumber.
Called Dave and he came right out that day.

Outstanding profession!
Will use again for sure!
Would definitely recommend to anyone who needs plumbing service in the Las Vegas area.

Discovered the cold water valve to the washing machine was broken and would not turn-off....and of course it was packing and moving day.
Called Capital Plumbing and he was able to fix the problem very quickly and explained why the valve had broken.
Very professional, would recommend to anyone in the Vegas area!

I called to have a laundry room sink installed in my home.
Dave promptly responded on the same day I called and did a real professional job at installing the sink.
His fee was very reasonable and comparable with quotes I received from other vendors.
Some of the other vendors weren't interested as this was considered a rather small job.
I recommend him for any plumbing work you might need be it big or small.

Awesome service!
I called before they were open, left a message and someone called me back shortly after they opened.
The service was quick, they were honest and trustworthy.
I was told exactly what was wrong with our toilet/pipes and how they can fix it.
I even got a call the next day to make sure everything was still ok and to see if I had any questions.
I was impressed.

Not even a one star....
Came gave estimate and never returned where they said they would the next day...bad service

