$1 for a bun.
No tax.
Normal variety of Hong Kong style buns.
Taste is pretty decent and they have Hong Kong style breakfasts and lunch too!
Closed on Sundays.
Good for a cheap breakfast/lunch or to grab a bun to go.
Nice and clean.
Definitely recommended!

Lunch combo for $4.95 (Edit: It's now $5.95!
)  Good value for prices.
lunch combo came with: 1) Either a steamed bun or "burrito" with a variety of meats to choose from (five spices pork belly, peking duck, Montreal Beef) 2) A salad (they gave me a small Caesar in a glass with diced mango on top) 3) A hot drink (I added $1 to upgrade to a cold HK-style milk tea)  Service was okay.
Waitress preferred using Cantonese even when we spoke English to them (and some people were clearly not Chinese).
Cold HK-style milk tea was on the sweet side.
Probably to accomodate Waterloo preference for taste?
I have a sweet tooth so I preferred the sweeter bubble tea-like taste.
Bubble tea was clearly mixed in the cup - you could see the powder and syrup sticking to the sides of the cup.
Menu is limited, half of the menu weren't available and marked off by X's when we went (but maybe that is because of lunch-only?
)  I would go back, but only because there is very few other places to get cold HK-style milk tea.

Finally a place that sell chinese buns in Waterloo!!!
I've been here couple times, would only come here to grab a bun before heading to school or gym.
It's only $1.10 (with tax).
The buns are okay, wouldn't say its the best, but good enough to satisfy my craving for chinese buns!!
I didn't like their hot milk tea, its taste very blend and watery, but again, it's Waterloo, I don't expect much.
The place is clean.
I will definitely want to come back to try out their set lunch !

Really great new option in Waterloo.
Their buns were excellent.
Tried the BBQ pork and the pineapple.
Both were great.
For lunch had a pork belly and duck steamed bao.
Both were really good.
Side Caesar with mango strange and good combo.
Milk tea also good.
Grand total - $8!

Great little place.
Friendly staff and unique menu - Hong Kong buns, Banh Mi sandwiches, Congee as well as Pho are all on the menu.
I had the chicken curry and tried the congee as well.
Both were great.
Good value for the food - I left happy and satisfied.
I'm thrilled that there's a local place that is making their own chinese buns.
I specifically asked and they said that the baked goods are all made fresh in-house.
Getting stuff shipped in from Toronto at New City or Taskgo is fine, but I love that we can get them locally made now.
I asked about jian dui, sesame balls, and I was told that the don't have them yet, but if I want to order ahead they could make them.
I will definitely go back again.

Awesome buns!
I've tried the coconut and pineapple bun as well as their egg tarts.
I don't know much about the authenticity of Chinese buns but these were tasty!
I also saw a glimpse of the food they serve there and it looked good.
Definitely will be returning to try that out.

