I've lived in Silverado Ranch for a long time, and I'm constantly hunting for a good Mexican restaurant.
This place recently opened in the Doc Holliday's across from Michael's.
My family checked it out, really liked it, and then took me there last night.
It's really, really good food!
Very authentic Mexican food with huge portions, and ridiculously cheap.
I had a 3 taco combo (2 chicken and 1 carne asada), it came with rice and beans and was way more than anyone should eat in one sitting.
It was $6!
For 3 of us, dinner was $23.
You absolutely cannot find food like this anywhere else in Silverado Ranch.
My dad chatted with the owner, and the place is family owned and operated.
It's a sweet family, and they put their blood, sweat, and tears into the place.
They've got it painted and spruced up really nice.
It's clean and cozy inside.
I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 simply because its new and they're still getting started.
I'd really like to see this place do well, so I can keep going back!

Awesome food!
Owner is great!
He'll be happy to accommodate dietary restrictions!
I had fantastic veggie fajitas with corn tortillas.
Yummy!

Amazing food and an amazing price!
Will be going weekly.
Have had many items and nothing has disappointed.

This is the best Mexican food I've had in Las Vegas!
My mom is Hispanic and I grew up on her home made enchiladas and the ones I had here were even better than hers!
I told all my friends to go.
It's a little hidden in the shopping center but I hope business picks up for them soon!
I'll definitely go back :)

I was pleasantly surprised by my entire experience here.
From the outside you see 1 single banner thats easily over seen by the Doc Holiday's signs that take over the entire building, but I'm glad I took the time to stop in and have the best mexican food I have had in Las Vegas.
I have lived in Las Vegas and have tried lots of mexican restaurant this city has to offer, and this one was by far my favorite.
When you first walk in you aren't overwhelmed with loud hispanic music and dim red lighting (like every other cantina in Las Vegas), You are greeted with the family who runs the whole operation.
The decor was simple,  but it obviously wasn't the focus, because the food and the service was the real star.
I ordered a the chicken enchilada meal.
It came with a drink, rice, beans, and 2 enchilada's, which is more than enough food.
Get this, it was 5 dollars!
thats a deal!
it cost more to eat at Roberto's and I wasn't violently attacked from the food 30 minutes later like I am when I go to Roberto's or Faustos.
obviously I was excited that it was so keep, but it was absolutely delicious.
you can tell that the chicken was seasoned, moist, and made with love.
Our server was a young boy, probably about 13 or 14. whenever I go to a family restaurant and the service is by the children, it can be awkward and kinda painful to watch these young kids try and interact with adults and do a good job, but not for this kid.
He was bright, lively, and not awkward at all.
He was very quick to have combacks to our jokes, and was very good at answering our questions.
Not to mention he gave us better service than that of adults at far more expensive restaurants.
I will gladly comeback, and I am constantly telling everyone I know about this place.

This is our new favorite.
My wife and I have been to Maribel 5-6 times since trying it after a visit to the Sprint store next door a couple months ago.
We've had the Carnitas Street Tacos, Shreaded Beef Enchiladas, and Fajitas.
All are excellent.
The rice and beans and guac are also outstanding.
Oh, and the prices are fantastic.
We had dinner for two tonight; two entees, a salad big enough to share, chiips, salsa, and guac, with a fresh made warm churro for desert, for less than $25.
And talk about authentic .
this is a cool little family run business.
Mom Maribel is the Chef, Dad works the restaurant when not working his other job, and the three teen kids (two daughters and son) work as well .
no other employees.
They always greet you with a smile, and really care about making it a pleasant dining experience, especially oldest daughter and main server, Ozzie.
If you want great Mexican, and want to support a locally owned business, give Maribel a try.

I was skeptical about this place based on the previous 1 review only yelpers but I went for it.
Is it the most authentic Mexican food I ever had?
NO.
Was it the best Mexican food is Las Vegas?
NO.
Would it serve a purpose after drinking at the bar it's located in?
YES.
I wish I could of enjoyed the food more.
The server was very friendly and the prices were fantastic.
Sadly it just wasn't great tasting food.

Very Good Mexican food with great pricing.
It is not the fanciest place to have Mexican Food but it is very good.
I recommend the Green Chili Pork Plate and the Guacamole which is made fresh when you order it.
Since the food is made to order, if you are in a hurry call and order before you go.
If not, sit back and relax the service is always friendly and it is quiet enough to visit with friends or family.

excellent food excellent server "Ozzie" always empty though fast service, good Margaritas from next dooe, One particular menu note that doesnt make any sense at all and for no reason at all--- some dinner plates come with 3 tacos.
(BUT ONLY IF YOU GET FLOUR TORTILLAS) iF YOU ask for crispy shells then they only give you  (2) what kinda crap is that????????
been to thousands of Mexican restaurants and never seen that silly rule......

As many know who live in Las Vegas restaurants come and go.
I am always hesitant to try out a new place especially one that is not a franchise.
After many months of passing by this place with it's one banner and little sign at the door and reading previous reviews, I decided to try it out.
Wow!!!
Yum!!
What they lack in atmosphere they make up for in service and food.
The waitress is one of the kindest I've ever had.
She's not afraid to suggest one of their better options, though it's all good, she didn't disappoint.
The chips, salsa and guac are delicious and fresh and they do free refills of chips and salsa!
The specials are unbeatable only $5.
I recently had the Chicken Enchiladas which were filling.
I also had a churro for dessert which was better than Disneyland!!
For three people the bill was ONLY about $20!!!
I will be going back tonight to try their other appetizers and entrees :)

Just moved to Vegas and found this great Mexican restaurant.
Reminds me of my moms home made plates.
Can't go wrong with Maribels.
Everything I've tried specially the Chilaquiles plate is my favorite.

If I had been alone eating here I probably would have rated Maribel's 5 stars.
However, my wife's order was fair to partly cloudy at best, probably worth 3 stars, so I'll meet in the middle with a 4 star review.
Let's start with the service - our waitress was outstanding.
She was attentive and gave some recommendations and also informed us of the specials throughout the week.
Definitely trying to make sure we come back - which I totally appreciate.
However, we placed our order when there was only one other table seated, and it took a good 35-40 minutes to get our food after we placed our order.
The waitress apologized several times and even brought us a complimentary churro to apologize.
The churro was outstanding.
One review compared it to Disneyland churros.
While I appreciate them recognizing Disney churro's as the greatest in the land, this one wasn't quite that good.
So for my entree I was simple, bean & cheese burrito.
It was only $3 so I figured I'd take a stab.
OUTSTANDING!
Beans were really good, probably could have used a little more cheese.
And they have Dr. Pepper, nothing goes better with Mexican food than an ice cold Dr. Pepper in my opinion.
My wife ordered 2 cheese enchiladas, one with green sauce the other with red sauce.
The green sauce was average, neither of us cared for the red sauce.
They were also very, very small.
I know she wouldn't order it again and I wouldn't venture out to try it - but I am interested in the carne asada which the waitress said was very good.
I'm always game for a top notch bean & cheese burrito - I just hope this restaurant isn't a one trick pony because good Mexican restaurants in this city are few and far between.

Super good carne asada fries.
Some of the best I had.
The waitress was super friendly.
A little bit long of a wait for the food but otherwise a great dine

I was very impressed with the service.
I enjoyed my chimichanga, which was good, but my husband had the hue so rancheros and said it was the best hed ever eaten.
Thats saying a lot as he eats them wherever we go.
Its a shame this place is so hard to find.
It was completely dead inside - on a Friday night.
We were the only customers.
They deserve better.
Do yourself a favor and check them out.
The prices for the specials ($5 for a huge plate of food) are the best youll find in town.
Oh and even though its small, this is a sit down restaurant and not a hole in the wall.

Surprisingly very good.
Their prices are great and the food is simple but that's how Mexican food should be.
I don't need all the cheese and they do it just right.
I recommend la tampiqueña and their tacos are flavorful.
Their meat actually has flavor unlike other places that drench it in sauce and hope you can't tell the difference.
A great choice when you want good food at a great price.

You know, this place really sticks out among Mexican restaurants.
For one, the food is fresh, and entirely handmade.
Second, it is tasty!
Their salsas and sauces are fantastically spicy and smoky.
Not many of their dishes are vegetarian friendly as written, but they made the special point of telling us that they would do as much as possible to accommodate us, and essentially made us entirely new dishes.
Definitely recommend!

My server was very attentive and a delight in general.
The food however still was not what I have been looking for in Las Vegas.
I ordered my fail safe dish of cheese enchiladas with rice and beans.
That being said it was still good, just not the best.
I'm beginning to think that the only great Mexican food I am going to find will be back home in LA.
Would I come back?
Possibly.

good food and portion size with good prices.
Only reason I give 4 instead of 5 stars is the ambiance of the restaurant - a little outdated for decor, not a place I would typically bring people visiting.

A lot of food for the money.
Pretty good, not spectacular, but I do hope that this business survives.
It is in such a strange location (inside Doc Holliday's) with almost no signage outside.
The inside is a big room with old booths, a concrete floor, and minimal not particularly attractive decor.
We will probably eat there again (or get take-out), but Maribel makes me appreciate the charm and food quality at Las Cazuelas, the other pretty new place located in the same shopping center.
LC serves smaller portions but the food is regional Mexican (not your typical fare) of excellent quality.
The people serving us at both restaurants were very nice which is one reason I hope both of them survive.
Bottom line:  If we want ambiance and excellent authentic food we will go to Las Cazuelas.
If we want good food and a lot of leftovers, we will go to Maribel's.

Been frequenting this place weekly now for about 2 months.
$5 daily specials can't be beat!
Food is authentic Mexican style and very flavorful.
Service is very good.
Come hungry as portions are BIG!
(Even with the $5 specials) I've recommended a few friends here and they enjoy it as well.

I can honestly say this place is a hidden gem!
A friend and I were searching Yelp for some good Mexican food around the south Eastern area when we stumbled across this place, checked some reviews, peeped at some food pics and took the plunge!
The chips to begin the meal at almost all restaurants can't hold a candle to these chips, they tasted so fresh like they had just fried up some corn tortilla's and delivered them to our table with some very good salsa.
We ordered the fries with shredded beef and cheese as an appetizer.
They were so good, fries were cooked perfect and had bunches of cheese and beef.
My friend likes onions and I don't, so they actually made pico with no onions separately for me, that was way cool.
We both ordered the three Carne Asada tacos combo, they come with pico, cilantro and limes, once again they hooked me up with onion less pico!!
These taco's are a little slice of heaven, small but so full of flavor.
Service was excellent, and staff was very friendly.

Very friendly staff...tacos were excellent and the elotes was wonderful.
We sat outside and the owner/manager brought us our dinner while we waited with our puppy.
We will definitely be back soon

Moved to Vegas from Sacramento and hadn't found a good Mexican restaurant until eating here excellent food very authentic will be back real soon.

$5 lunch specials every day, all day long.
You can't beat that.
Small restaurant attached to Doc Hollidays.
It is still family and kid friendly (they do have a kids menu).
Good food, delicious salsas and great service.
I do hope they succeed.
I will definitely be back for another one of those $5 deals!

Great authentic Mexican food and you do not have to spend a lot for it.
Family owned and ingredients are fresh.
There are daily specials and you can get inexpensive alcoholic beverages as well.
It is truly a hidden gem.

Food was really good!
I'll definitely go back!
It's a good no frills kind of place with good portions, great prices and excellent service!
I agree with other reviewers.
It's a hidden gem!

My coworker told me about this place, so glad she did.
Great Mexican good and made from scratch.
No canned stuff here.
Even our chips were handmade.

We had lunch today what a hidden gem... All ingredients are fresh,  family run and great tasting..... Do not let the ambiance fool you,  it's nothing fancy but the food is the best around and a great price...

The food was ok but just that.
Salsa was kinda bland as was the rice and beans.
Shredded beef tacos were best part of lunch.
Not overly impressed especially considering the dining room is pretty sketchy and for whatever reason there was a sheet of plastic covering the table.
Probably will find a different spot next time

After reading reviews here on Yelp, decided to give it a try for lunch.
We were not disappointed at all.
My wife and I prefer  the little, local, hole in the wall places, and this place definitely qualifies.
But DO NOT let that deter you, because this little place is worth a try.
We started with chips and salsa and an order of guacamole.
Salsa was spicy with a nice, fresh made flavor.
The made fresh when you order it guac knocked our socks off, not overly spicy, but fresh, fresh, fresh...and you can't beat that.
And enjoying it on fresh made tortilla chips was even better, second batch was still warm.
For entrees my wife went with the shredded beef tostada, I had the smothered pork chili burrito and we shared a cheese quesadilla.
The best testament I can give is that we both left empty plates.
Wife said the tostada was very good, with fresh veggies and a couple big slices of avacado.
The pork burrito was delicious, with the right amount of spice and very flavorful pork filling.
The tomatillo "smother" added a nice bite as well.
Server was attentive and never let our drink glasses empty.
For a price of $20 it was a very good experience.

Without going into too much detail because I don't have a lot of time, this place is awesome.
It's comfy, great location, welcoming, and most importantly, DELICIOUS.
The prices are awesome, and the staff (from the couple times we've seen) is the children of the owners.
But they always get the orders right and are friendly.
The parents have done a good job raising kids AND training them with good work ethic.
If you're looking for an awesome place to eat, give this place a try.

Maribel's daily special is only $5 and it includes rice, beans, and a drink.
Whaaat!?
Their portions are huge for the price.
I ordered my food to go, but I still received their delicious, complimentary chips and salsa.
The service here is also really awesome.
I was offered refills before I left.
I have to come back to try all of the specials ahhh!

Fresh, fresh, fresh!
The guacamole and fish tacos were the best I've ever had - tacos double wrapped.
This is on track to become our favorite family hangout.

I get take out from here every so often.
Great consistency and value.
I'm not a fan of how the dining room is set up, however, this has not been an issue since I have only ordered to go.

If you know me you know I love Mexican food.
Maribel's is doing it BIG over here and at low price.
It's nothing fancy here so if you need to be seen or require a mariachi band killing your ear drums than this is not for you.
The menu is limited and at the same time everything I have tried has been stellar.
Chicken taco combo (3 street tacos, rice , beans) $6.
All white meat chicken seasoned well.
It's going to be hard to try more of the menu because this my shit.
Carne Asada taco combo- same as above and real good.
Chicken Enchiladas (comes with two) - Pretty damn good.
I LOVE their guacamole, homemade chips and red salsa, rice and beans.
I bet even just a bean burrito or breakfast burrito would be bomb here.
Point is food is solid, affordable and it's a local family owned business.
I have to give props to the server Ozzy (I hope that's her name.
It may be Izzy.
I know I suck.
) Her service is on point and she remembers me which scores major points and tips.
Maribel's gets the World Cup of Mexican Food for Green Valley.
Nacho Daddy can drown in their scorpion shots and well Lindo is Lindo.
I'll be right here with my homies.

