I recently got their tacos and they taste good.
The place looks clean and nice inside.

This place has great mexican!
We got tacos of 4 different types.
All were great, but the el pastor (barbecue pork) was amazing.
The homemade chips and salsa were also really good -- the salsa had a touch of mexican oregano in it giving it a great flavor.
I would highly recommend to anyone!

We visited for lunch on the recommendation of a friend who her knows her tacos, and she was correct: Excellent.
Tacos are of the small variety (a bonus to me).
I had the chorizo and the filling was perfectly crispy, not greasy, with a lovely salad of cilantro and sweet onion on top.
My husband had the weekend special carnitas.
Meat was succulent yet caramelized on the outside.
The sauce served on the side was smoky and spicy and complemented the meat very well.
Service was quick and genuinely friendly.
The decor is very artful and the wooden blinds let in light but help you forget you are at a strip mall.

Service- no complaints.
Meal served in good time Menu- tad small, but sometimes helps in Mexican cuisine Taste- fair.
Some of pork meat to pork taco was chewy and could not be broken down       Open burrito was good Beverage- had Corona light, not on the menu  Mentionables: -as someone else said, not really any vegetarian options -they do not give you your bill.
You have to go up front to pay, and there is a tip jar up there.
Suppose you could also leave cash on the table... -chips and salsa--would have been nice to have a hotter salsa option.
might go back

I've gotta say, I'm really happy about this place.
I'm a Mexican guy from SoCal, who's also spent a bunch of time in San Diego, so I've seen my share of taquerias.
This place, though not world class, does several things right.
First of all, the service here is good.
It's easy to get neglected/ignored in some taquerias - it just part of the deal.
Second, and this is big for me, the refried beans are very good.
Most places don't get them right, but these are excellent.
I had the carnitas (fried pork roast)  plate.
The carnitas were moist and tender and not fatty at all.
My wife had tacos which were meaty and tasty (and cheap).
The asada was solid.
The real winner was our teenage son, who had the suizo burrito.
It's a gigantic burrito stuffed with meat, beans and rice (but mostly meat) smothered in cheese sauce and sour cream.
Kind of like a mammoth Mexican cheesesteak.
It even had more cheese inside of it.
He was giddy.
He went into a crazed feeding frenzy and said it was one the best things ever.
They also had horchata, a creamy rice drink, which is delicious and not all places have it.
I rate restaurants by whether I'd go there if they were in L.A.
I wouldn't drive very far to get to El Jalapeño in L.A., but now I live in Madison.
I may go again tomorrow.

Great spot, was just visiting for thanksgiving and made it out to jalapeños, I had a great lunch and the staff was very friendly and the prices we good.
I will return.

TOTALLY LEGIT.
The real deal.
Visited for lunch on 12/19/13.
I loved this place back when it was Guanjuanto.
Then it took a bit of a downward turn...
I'm happy to report that things are back to being solid.
+ Revamped the interior - new paint, new wall coverings, new furniture  + Super friendly staff + Nice ambiance; not overly obnoxious  + Free chips - Salsa was *super* salty (and I love salt) and quite watery + Salsa had strong Chipotle flavor to it + Chips were warm and fresh  + Great menu - so many good items to peruse and choose from + I went with two tacos: Carne Asada and El Pastor + Both came on soft corn tortillas that were perfectly cooked + TONS of onion and cilantro - WIN + Meats were perfectly cooked - Meats were a bit under seasoned   + Prices were excellent + Hot sauce that was served in a squirt bottle was good, but very smoky (Chipotle flavor)  I'm so happy to report that this place is BACK, and it's STELLAR.
I will definitely be back.
Oh so good.

My husband and I are thrilled that El Jalapeno is open and in our neighborhood.
We've been there twice in the past month.
He always gets the tacos... each a different kind.
I've had the carnitas and shredded pork torta.
It tastes just like what we used to be able to find in Houston.
We are SO thankful for authentic Mexican tastes and for the efforts of this family, as it is clearly a family business.
Service was prompt and thoughtful - the waitress even helped Husband remember how to order jalapenos "toreados", which is grilled/blackened like he likes them.
We will keep visiting this perfect little place!

Not bad, but not all that great either.
Based on previous reviews, I get the sense that Wisconsinites have no idea of what good Mexican food tastes like (probably because most of the Mexican restaurants here suck).
Cheap prices, sure.
Flavorful food, no way.
Everything was very bland.
Salsa tasted like they opened a can of diced tomatoes and put it in a bowl.
Meat in the tacos was under-seasoned.
Most food was bland with no flavor.
Even the guacamole.
When you make guacamole, you need to *at least* add salt and lime (if not add pico de gallo).
Tasted like mashed avocado on a plate, no more.
Margaritas were good and cheap during happy hour!

I brought my family here to try it out.
The food was tasty, but nothing out of the ordinary compared to other Mexican restaurants.
Salsa was a bit "watery".
Our food was made very quickly.
We felt very comfortable bringing our kids here.
I will be back in the future.

I really enjoyed this place.
I had el pastor and carnitas  tacos and torta.
All were very good.
Nice to see a good Mexican restaurant in this area.
I will be back again and again.
The food ,service and prices are outstanding.

Gotta go with Liz B on this one...
I just don't like it.
Much of this could be what I order, so I'll most certainly be back to try the things that folks here have raved about.
But the positive reviews make me wonder if I'm missing something.
The salsa is rough.
Watery.
Flavorless.
I'd rather have Pace.
And the chicken fajitas have no flavor.
I don't understand!
Throw meat onto a screaming hot skillet and your certain to build up a nice crust on the the outside.
But nada.
The rice and beans follow suit.
Bland and boring.
Again, maybe I'm not ordering the right things?

Stopped for lunch today.
Friendly staff and charming decor!
Food was very good, great service, too.
Will definitely return to try other choices from their interesting menu.

If I could eat 14 tacos in a row, I would go here.
Carne Asada, Pastor, Lomo, Lengua (Beef tongue), Tripa, Buche (pork stomach), oh my!!
Seriously - 14 different kinds of tacos!
Sadly, I only had four: 1) Pollo - delicious!
2) Pull pork - even more delicious than the chicken.
I could eat this all day long.
3) Pastor - decent 4) Carne Asada, I wish I hadn't saved this for last.
It tasted like they didn't even add any spices.
As for the decor - the benches are brightly colored wooden scenes and kind of neat to see on their own.
Margaritas were a little pricier than I was expecting.
When you're done eating, pay at the counter near the door.
Overall - a solid taco recommendation.

Pretty good Mexican cuisine.
I'm from San Antonio, so I have a peculiar taste for Tex-Mex food.
Living in Madison, there really isn't much that stands out as fantastic but this place had its pros...
) steak milanesa was yummy 2.
) staff was super sweet 3.
) food was quick n hot 4.
) margaritas were good and 2 for 1 5.
) beans weren't from a can 6.
) salsa was unique w/ a hint of cilantro 7.
) rice was okay 8.
) chicken enchiladas were good 9.
) nice tables n chairs 10.
) kid friendly  I would go back no question.

Fast, friendly, fresh.
Try the flautas with chicken, or the gorditas with steak.
The hot sauce is nice and spicy and flavorful.
We get takeout from here about every other week and the food is consistently delish.
Even the rice and beans are good.

Super good food, but I'm pretty sure they just heat it up in the back when you order.

Yesterday was my first opportunity to try El Jalapeno.
I ordered take out at the restaurant.
Since I am a vegetarian, I need to whine, just a tad.
The menu does not have a separate section for vegetarian dishes as many of the other Mexican restaurants do here in Madison.
See...just a tad.
I ordered the Chile Relleno with rice and beans.
For vegheads wondering if there is any type of meat product in the rice and beans, the woman who took my order assured me that they do not put any animal broth/stock in the rice and they do not cook the beans in pork/lard.
I was happy to hear that.
Okay, my critique of the food.
The rice wasn't bad and the beans were pretty good.
You can tell the food was cooked that day, which is something I really pay attention to.
Nothing tasted old or out of a can.
Now as for the Chile Relleno itself.
Good, but tough.
I'm not sure if they roast the poblano peppers first or not.
If they don't, they really should.
My knife and right arm were getting a work-out.
Also, there were several seeds in the pepper that should have been removed beforehand.
I nearly broke a tooth at one point.
Yeah, okay, okay, I'm over-exaggerating.
Is El Jalapeno better than other Mexican restaurants?
Worse?
Hmmmm...good question.
It really does depend on your personal preference and taste I guess.
My personal preference is still El Pastor and Taqueria Guadalajara.
However, you should still try El Jalapeno if you are in the neighborhood or wanting to try something new instead of always going to Laredos.
(I have nothing against Laredos, honestly)  Why only 3 stars?
This is due to a tough poblano pepper that had only a small amount of cheese in it.
Was a bit small too.
Otherwise I would have given it 4 stars.
I will come back, for sure.

Great Mexican food for Wisconsinites, plus some autentico features like cactus and lengua.
Not haut cuisine .... Great comfort food.

El Jalapeno is a great upgrade from the previous establishment and I'm glad to see another very good authentic Mexican restaurant in Madison.
Prices are completely reasonable, salsa is quite tasty, and the food is right on par with Taqueria Guadalajara in my opinion.
What's really surprising is that this isn't a hole in the wall once you actually walk into the place despite how the former establishment was and how the outside of complex looks.
They have some TVs, a colorful atmosphere, a good amount of seating, and very friendly staff.
Their gorditas are the go-to favorite for both my wife and I, and their tacos and chimichangas are also top notch.
Madison is very hit or miss with Mexican from what I've experienced (and I've tried a decent amount of places on both sides of town), so make sure to get to El Jalapeno if you're a fan of food from south of the border.
It's not the best I've ever had, but it's right on par with the best of Madison.

