Best pizza in Phoenix hands down!!!!
True European style pizza - so nice of a change from the usual greasy pizza...  Will definitely be back!
In addition to the Italian Stallion and Salciccia E Friarielle, we had the misto tavola with fresh baked focaccia bread - to die for!!!!
Alisha was great too!

Was there for opening day for lunch.
Best pizza I have had in years.
The ingredients are fresh and nothing is heavy.
The staff is quick and friendly.
Great for business lunches and dinner.
I plan on coming back often.

I think Italians do it better.
This I've concluded after eating the most delicious calzone (pizza fritte, on the menu) for lunch today.
Fresh, traditional ingredients with the ingenious addition of kalamata olives are  folded into a pocket of dough and fried!
The mozzarella was amazing.
The red gravy (marinara) was terrific.
I truly regret any bad thoughts I had when La Piazza didn't open a few months ago, as a sign in their window indicated.
You are worth the wait.
And I cannot wait to return.
Fortunately for me, and unfortunately for my wallet, this place is but a short walk from the office; I can see it from my desk.
I envision every meal ending with a cigarette and pillow talk.

My husband and I were attending a concert at Comerica Theater, and wanted to grab dinner nearby beforehand.
I've read a few write-ups about this restaurant, and decided to give it a shot.
Our go-to Neapolitan pizza restaurant is usually Pomo, but after eating here La Piazza Locale has stolen that prize.
After being seated our server explained to us that they have draft cocktails.
He described the cocktails in detail, and then offered samples if we would like.
I sampled the Italian Margarita and the Lost Leaf.
They Lost Leaf was quite good, and I liked it much better than the other one, so that was my drink of choice.
For our entrees we chose the burrata pizza and the carbonara pasta.
The pizza came out super fast, as typical neopolitan pizza is cooked quickly.
The pizza was parallel with the pizza we've had in Florence.
The sauce was perfect, just the right amount of sweetness, but not overly sweet.
The burrata was smooth and creamy, the basil was fresh, and the crust was cooked perfectly.
Our carbonara came out a little later, it also was quite good.
It had a rich cream sauce with egg, guanciale, peas, and pecorino.
The crushed black pepper added a nice bite.
We were offered dessert of tiramisu which was made that day.
This was also fantastic, with rich layers of mascarpone and liquor soaked lady fingers.
After a great experience here, we can't wait to return and try more of the menu.

One of the worst pizzas I've ever had.
We tried the Italian Stallion and SO very salty and Ragu Nepoletano nothing special, it was pricey.I haven't been to italy, but the italian neopolitan style pizza's I've had in Phoenix that I've had has some things that I just don't like.
Mainly that kind of soupy center.Will never return to this place.

Seriously the best pizza I have ever had and that includes the pizza in NY!
The service is fast and friendly and the atmosphere is wonderful.
Great cocktails too!
I will be going there often!

We totally enjoyed our dining experience.
From the moment we walked in the door, we were made to feel special.
Everything was delicious from the wine, salad and of course, Matteo's masterful pizzas.
Bravo!

Great new addition to downtown Phoenix, but not quite as good as Bianco or Pomo!
I think downtown Phoenix is becoming a hotbed for amazing, authentic pizza and this addition helps solidify that!
Good location, friendly staff, quick service and tasty pizza.
The margherita pizza was good...sweet but still savory!

Wow!
A gem and a find.
These guys know what they are doing.
Got a margarita pizza and it may have been the best I've ever had.
The crust was a little chewy but in a flavorful way and the sauce and spices kicked in with subtle timing that speak to their expertise.
Great interior and staff.
I can't wait to return.

Having opened just a few weeks ago, La Piazza Locale brings the 2nd VPN-certified Neapolitan pizza to downtown Phoenix.
The first thing I thought when I found this place was, "What, don't we have enough excellent pies downtown?
"  But we had to try it anyways.
My friend went with Rocco, and I went with the special of the day Don Matteo (smoked butternut squash puree as the sauce, with speck and mozarella).
My first observation was that the crust had the soupiness that a real Napoletana pizza should have.
The crust was perfect.
This is knife-and-fork pizza, and if you think their crust is too soggy, you're wrong.
The smoked butternut was phenomenal.
I'm not sure that's a real authentic ingredient for Neapolitan pizza, but it was probably one of the top three pies I have ever eaten.
My friend's Rocco was pretty good, too, but the Don Matteo was definitely at a whole different level.
My only real complaint about this place was that the music was a little too loud and too trendy.
When dining, I don't like it when the music is too noticeable.
I usually prefer restaurants not to be too trendy, but everything else about the restaurant was great, so I can let this pass.
Locale is now on my short list of best pies in the Valley.
It's not as good as Bianco, but it's top tier.

Downtown Phoenix has become a pizza battlefield in 2013, with no less than 4 quality authentic pizzerias dotting the landscape.
On the west side of downtown is Cibo.
On the east side of downtown is Bianco.
In north central downtown is Pomo.
And now just caddie corner from Cityscape is La Piazza al Forno's newest location.
For the record I've been to La Piazza al Forno in Glendale before, but was interested to see what kind of twist they'd put on their new location.
My girlfriend and I came on a Wednesday night.
The place was pretty dead as there were no games at the ballpark or the arena nor any concerts or shows going on.
Probably explained the light turnout.
Still, we were welcomed and served promptly and enthusiastically by our waitress.
The place is somewhat similar to their Glendale location in that its dark and modern inside.
The Glendale location has a little bit more of a joint feel to it (probably because they have outdoor seating whereas this location doesn't).
The music playing in the background I suppose could be classified as hipster or trendy.
Cool I guess if you're into that sort of thing.
They were having a nice promotion for the evening.
Order two pizzas and you get a free dessert.
Sold.
My girlfriend got the Salciccia e Friarelle with sausage, broccoli, olive oil, and smoked mozzarella.
They aren't kidding when they say smoked as you can pick up the smoke flavor immediately.
Its a nice white pizza in that it doesn't have tomato sauce, but it has a very clean flavor to it.
I got the Lasagne Ah Pizz with mozzarella, ricotta (I love cheese), sausage, tomato sauce, and basil.
Had every bit the richness I expected and more and complimented my red wine very nicely.
For dessert, we split the Angioletti con Nutella.
Delicious dish perfect for split with two or more people, but I'll be honest, I was hoping for much more nutella than we got.
Still, it was free so no major complaints.
All totaled, a glass of wine, a beer, two pizzas and dessert plus tip totaled about $55.
Pretty on par price wise with the other high end pizza spots downtown, though as I said we got a deal on dessert.
Now that I've tried each of the big four pizza joints downtown, I have to admit that Locale is probably the weakest of the four.
Which is not to say they're bad.
They have a great product and no doubt already have a following among the downtown lunch crowd and event goers.
And Downtown Glendale should feel grateful to have their flagship location.
But with so many high quality pizzerias in the downtown area already, Locale will need to step up their game to compete with the other three pizzerias with big reputations.
If I had to rank the big four Downtown Phoenix pizzerias in order of preference it would be: 1.
Pomo 2.
Cibo 3.
Bianco 4.
Locale

Possibly some the of most fresh ingredients I've ever had on a pizza!
I literally watched them shave the meat.
The sauce tasted like mouth watering vine ripe tomatoes with fresh herbs and spices.
Fresh is so incredibly important when going out to eat and this place did it just right!
The service was OUTSTANDING!
Our server John even had such a wonderful Italian accent when pronouncing the true to Italian specials :) the cook came by more than once to ask how we liked our pizza!
The atmosphere was comfortable, neatly decorated and not to big.
I highly recommend brick oven pizza from this place if you are in downtown.
Hands down the best pizza I have had in a long time!
A+++ for the service and fresh ingredients!

Taste of pizza excellent but it arrived lukewarm on the table and the dough was "mushy", wet and not cooked enough.
Nice place with helpful waiters but  we came to taste the pizzas that were described as great by the Arizona Republic food critic.
Too bad but we will not go back

I was really excited to eat here.
My husband is a huge proponent of downtown areas.
Me, a little less.
It was busy downtown maybe a game going on.
Parking was a little dicey and although there is parking available on the street and a small lot across the street we still found the parking a little challenging.
It is certainly not a deal breaker.
We started out with the Palle di Riso.
I thought they were light on seasoning and had one small piece of rapini and mozzarella.
They also left a bitter after taste that I attributed to oil that was dirty.
The tomato sauce was also lacking flavor and was very flat.
We next shared the Rucola salad.
We added the prosciutto which was a $2 up charge.
The salad was lovely.
The prosciutto was very good and very good tasting.
The arugula was sweet and nutty.
We chose the napoletana because of the more unusual ingredients.
It was good and salty which you would expect with capers, olives and anchovies.
I would have like to have seen more basil on the pie.
The basil did a good job balancing out the saltiness.
Again I thought the pie sauce was a little tasteless and the cheese in the pie was a tad light.
The dough was Excellent.
Some of the best I have ever tasted and I hail from the east coast.
It was really the best thing about the pie.
The wine list is mostly Italian and we found a Malbec that was nice to drink.
Would I come back?
Probably not.
There are other pizza joints I have enjoyed a lot more.
I usually agree with howard on his reviews.
Unfortunately, this one didn't meet the mark.

Have you ever eaten at Pomo?
Cibo?
Bianco?
If yes, then you know what to expect of this neapolitan-style pizza.
It's delicious, super thin, and yes, a little soupy (as it's supposed to be).
In my own humble opinion, the two winners for this type of pizza in Phoenix are Piazza and Pomo.
They are very similar, and even have a similar ambiance.
Piazza is located more downtown, whereas Pomo is in the Roosevelt district.
My boyfriend and I ate there on a Friday night.
We went in around 7:30, and were seated immediately.
We started off with two of their signature cocktails.
By the end of the night I had tasted three out of four, and let me tell you....FANTASTIC!!!!!
Especially the bourbon-based drink, nice and tangy.
We ordered the calamari and mozzarella appetizers.
The calamari was very lightly breaded, and cooked perfectly.
I find that many restaurants tend to over-cook, and the calamari ends up chewy and rubbery.
This was absolutely perfect.
The mozzarella was great, although I'm not a huge fan of fried mozzarella,  but for what it was, it was yum.
Both appetizers were served with their tomato pizza sauce for dipping.
It's a traditional pizza sauce, best described as watery and runny (again, that's how it's supposed to be).
SO GOOD.
We ordered the margarita pizza, because I like to judge restaurants based on how well they do the simple stuff, before getting all fancy.
The pizza came out perfectly, nice and hot, with chewy crust and melty cheese.
Seriously, this pizza is amazing.
The staff is awesome, very attentive and friendly, with great suggestions.
We chatted with the owner, who liked us enough to send over a complementary slice of their ricotta cheesecake.
Now, I usually hate cheesecake.
It's too rich and dense for me.
This cheesecake couldn't be more different from the usually Cheesecake Factory heart attack on a plate that you usually see.
It was very light and fluffy, with a hint of lemon and drizzled with honey, perfect complements to the tang of the cheese.
In all, fabulous pizza, fabulous people.
Definitely going to be going back there.
The nice part about it is...They are closed on Sunday, whereas Pomo is closed on Monday.
Now we can get great pizza seven days a week!

I will give only one star, but that is even too generous.
We were excited to go and try La Piazza Locale after hearing positive reviews.
It was the worst pizza we had ever eaten in our lives.
We come from an Italian background, my husband was born in Sicily.
They advertise San Marzano tomatoes, but we saw cans of Nina's tomatoes in the hallway.
You can purchase these tomatoes at Sam's club for $2.75 for #10 can.
The pizza was raw and inedible.
No one approached us to ask what was wrong.
We ate one slice a piece, then asked for the check.
The waitress packed the pizza, but we left it behind.
I will never eat there again.
I would highly discourage anyone from eating at this establishment.
I am embarrassed that they would call themselves Italian.
Carmela R.

First time there for lunch today with friends.
They had been before, I have not.
It was great pizza and I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was.
From what I understand the wood fire pizza oven is imported from Italy by way of New York.
It was formerly used in one of Mario Batali's restaurants.
The sauce, meets and cheeses are fantastic and if you love authentic Italian pizza as much as I do you need to check this place out.
The service is good.
Of course at lunch it can be busy but the service is good.
They do not want you to wait but know the food is good so you should.
Chef-Owner, Justin Piazza, assured us he would secure a table for us quickly despite the heavy Friday lunch crowd.
Thank goodness my friends faces are regulars, he came out of the kitchen to greet us.
I had the Montanara, and it was so good.
My friend had the Italian Stallion and it was also fantastic, great for meat lovers.
I would like to go back and seriously, try one of everything on the menu.
They intend to add outdoor seating with a railed patio that runs the store front which will be nice.

Had the Italian Stallion and it was great.
I liked this place better than Bianco in terms of pizza.
The salad was a bit bland though.
I would definitely recommend checking this place out!

So, I've been back a dozen times and for the most part haven't ordered the same pizza twice.
Even the pasta was fantastic!
Mateo is seriously one of the most gifted chefs I've had the honor of meeting.
How he can transform a simple pizza into a complex dining experience blows me away.
Most of the times I get lunch here, my coworkers are equally excited to see what creation I will return with.
Yeah, it's just that good; he's just that good.
Owner Justin told me Mateo is working on specialty pizzas to rotate in the menu for 2014.
I can't wait to see what he comes up with.
I'm salivating just thinking about it!

Great food, great pizza, great people.
I love this place.
Thankfully opened closer to where I lived in downtown phoenix.
I would eat here every day if I could.

Looking for a quick bite before a show at the Herberger last Saturday night (ATC's Xanadu), Jared and I headed into La Piazza Locale...
There were a handful of other diners in the place but several tables open.
When the hostess offered to seat us at a two-top, Jared kindly asked if it would be okay for us to take a four-top instead.
She hesitated but allowed us to do so, however told us that if a party of three or more came in, she would have to move us.
Understandable but kind of weird how she communicated it - with a bit of an attitude.
I did like the casual atmosphere and noticed that the have Coke and Coca Cola Light (not Diet Coke) bottles in a cute refrigerator.
I asked about them and learned that they are imported from Mexico.
Matteo was our server and he was knowledgeable on the menu and very friendly.
We ended up ordering a mixed green salad, a meat pizza (the Italian Stallion), and a pesto pasta to share.
Read: we haven't started our new year diet just yet ;)  The salad was chilled - it almost tasted like it was in the freezer prior to arriving to our table though.
The pizza was good and so was the pasta... although it was super creamy.
We skipped dessert as we were both pretty full.
The meal was fine but nothing to rush back for.
I also learned the hard way that carbing up on pizza and pasta is probably not the best pre-show meal.
I felt like I was in a food coma and Jared had to knudge me during the show to keep me awake!

Sisters with la piazza al forno on Glendale.
Love both places.
Ahhh mayyyy singggggggg.
Love ittt  The quattro stagioni was absolutely delicious.
I highly recommend it.

Living and working downtown I have my fair share of pizza joints to choose from and I like to change it up regularly to rotate my business.
If I had to choose my favorite pizza it would be Locale.
Why you ask?
Their crust.
It has the perfect texture smooth and chewy inside with a crisp exterior specked with just the right amount of char to add a smokey flavor.
The dough is not tough and overworked like a few places plus it has the right balance of salt and sweetness.
My second favorite thing is the red sauce.
The tomato flavor in the sauce is simple perfection.
My mom grows and home cans her own San Marzano tomatoes so I can be a bit particular about the flavor when someone says they are using these in their sauce.
I can not speak to the sit down service as I have only ever ordered carry out which is super quick and too easy when the last thing I want to do is cook after work.

If you like hair in your food, this is the place for you!
Food was ok.
If you like to pay $8 for a salad that is just arugula and olive oil and vinegar, just come to my place and I'll rip you off for half the cost.
Meat and cheese plate was good, pizza ok, but kind of soggy.
Service was terrible.
Apparently having hair in your food is not a big deal to this place.
Go to cibo or Pomo pizzeria for better service and food.
I wanted to like this place, so bummed they suck.

I was left speechless..... What more could you ask for in a  pizza that cooks in a minute AND is perfected in its taste and ingredients.
We split two pizzas, the Italian Stallion and the Dolce Diavolo (which comes with Sopressata, Calabrian Chiles, Fresh Basil and Honey) crazy combo but totally works!
I equally loved both pizzas so much and killed almost two whole ones by myself (the other couple that came with us couldn't finish all their and I gladly helped.
) Like other reviewers, the crust was perfectly charred and the only thing I could compare it to was a marshmallow.
When you roast marshmallows and make that perfect one that has that golden brown char on the outside and it's cooked just enough on the inside to where it's creamy and tender... Thats what this crust is like!
Best pizza I've ever had!

Today is my 3rd time in 2 weeks this place id awesome one of the best pizza if not the best in Phoenix

So I was wandering downtown, vaguely pretending to be in Europe, when I looked down a side street and saw neon proclaiming "piazza locale.
" I thought to myself: "If I were actually in Europe, that's where I'd have dinner -- the little place down the side street, not the big tourist scene.
" So I did that thing.
The pizza is incredible.
Pure tomato flavor in the sauce.
Speck.
Speck is good.
There is the promise of anchovies on other pies.
Interesting flavor combos, crusts to crawl over broken glass for, wine recommendations that actually work, and staff who are helpful and attentive in a soothing way.
Having generated leftovers in a stylish box, I will smile at two more meals this weekend.
Prices are extremely reasonable for artisanal pizza in a pleasant environment.

I chose this restaurant based on other reviews on "YELP" and we were not disappointed!
Our party of four split a lettuce house salad and a spinach salad and two pizzas, a Margherita with  Pepporoni and one with home made mozzarella and sausage.
The crusts were crispy outside and very light inside and arrived at our table piping hot despite how busy the place was!
Our server and even other servers who checked on us were very friendly and efficient!
We will return whenever we are downtown for an event!
Very close to the U S Airway Center?

If you want the most authentic and delicious  pizza in downtown Phoenix, this is the place!
I grew up in an Italian community outside of Boston and never had any pizza to compare with their pies.
Real thin and slightly chewy crust pizza made with premium ingredients, not the crispy and burnt crust they serve at other popular pizza joints.
Place is spotless and staff is friendly and welcoming.
You can't go wrong with the Italian Stallion pizza.
Made with fresh prosciutto, sopressata, pepperoni and Schreiner's Sausage.
It is worth the mile walk, both ways, I make at least once a week.
Worth your time to try, even if it is only to say you've had real authentic Italian pizza...

So I have had all the local pizza places (Pomo, Bianco, etc.
) and this by far is my favorite.
Dolce Diavolo hands down best pizza ever!
Chilies and honey on top!
The best!!

We ended up here on Valentine's Day, when a bicycle-taxi driver recommended it.
I'm so glad, because this was the perfect place for a decadent and sexy meal that wouldn't break the bank.
The wait staff were my favorite part, as they were much friendlier (hunkier) and more helpful than most.
Waiter helped me to choose a great table wine that was delicious but light so we could polish it off quickly.
We had tickets for a show, so the kitchen rushed our pizzas out of the wood-fired oven in record time.
The pizza on special was the Valentino, with mozzarella di bufala, zucchini, prosciutto and  the best crust ever.
This was honestly the best crust, no kidding.
I wish I could have stayed and savored longer.
There are plenty of appetizers and small dishes to mix-and-match, including the house antipasti platter, which was also incredible.
I had to take my cannoli to-go, because I was so stuffed.
It made a scrumptious post-Valentine's breakfast.

Yelp didn't let me down.
Very good, authentic (and authenticated) Italian bistro.
Good service nice atmosphere.

Amazing pizza...hands-down, the "best" pizza in Phoenix...yes, better than some of the more well known places in  town (won't mention any names)  And not only are the ingredients top notch, the pizza oven they use (a very expensive import) bakes the pizzas in record time...wow!!!!!!
Love this place and my new favorite pizza joint!!

Really enjoyed our meal.
We did takeout one night and it held up well also.

Burrata and the Italian stallion pizza.
Trust me.
Just let it happen.
Waitress was bubbly and sweet.
Recommended a great bottle of Barbera wine.
True neopolitan style pizza with a chill, laid back ambiance.
We had a ball!

We don't get it!!!
Did not eat the pizza, maybe that was our mistake.
Underwhelmed and overcharged

WOW!!
I debated even writing a review.
I don't want to share any of the limited number of seats!!
I came here before a comedy show and was just driving around aimlessly looking on yelp at random places with good reviews.
I sat right at the bar in front of the wood burning pizza oven, ordered the Italian stallion (don't forget to ask for basil and oregano!!
) and a glass of wine.
The pizza was incredible!!!!
The sauce tastes just like my Italian grandfather taught me to make.
The crust was devoured and even ate all the little meat crumbles off the plate.
The servers were all very nice even with it being so busy on a Saturday night.
Will definitely come back!

The Husband and I went here on our self made 'food crawl.
' We has already gotten some monkey bread and an (awful) sushi roll, we were looking forward to some pizza.
We had been waffling between going here and going to Pomo, but decided to go here because it was closer and we figured they would be about the same.
When we got here, we only had to wait a few minutes for a table.
The service was prompt and friendly.
We decided to just get two items here and cut out the last place on our crawl.
We ordered the arancini and the fried pizza.
The arancini sounded really good..... but it was really bad.
It was not cooked enough, the cheese in the middle wasn't melted at all...still cubes.
The meat was in one clump, not mixed into the risotto as I would have thought.
The frying oil may not have been hot enough because the arancini tasted like it was just full of oil.... pretty gross.
We did eat it anyway as we spent 8$ on it, but I would not recommend it to anyone.
Then our pizza came.
Again, wasn't cooked long enough.
Really?
The cheese wasn't melted.
Did they not see that?
The sauce was cold and tasted like the can.
The fried dough was, again, way too oily, probably because the oil wasn't hot enough.
It was like a bland greasy doughnut with unmelted cheese and can tasting tomatoes on top.
So gross.
I took most of it to go and gave it to a homeless person.
That plus a couple of beers was like 45- 50$....what a huge waste of money.
Will not be back.

On a business trip, we went here because it was near our hotel and the reviews were great.
We shared a calamari and then I had the all meat pizza.
Everything was awesome.
We ate at around 2:15pm and they close at 3pm for a break before dinner.
The chef walks out in a shirt.
We start talking with him and he's an FOB (fresh off the boat) from the old country whose English is a little broken.
So this place at least has a chef who is actually from the place where the food is purportedly representative of.

Just ok at best.
Went there before a suns game.
Place is small and not very cute.
The pizza was ok but I had better.
Won't be back

Slowly becoming a big fan of this place.
I am already a fan of Pomo Pizzaria, just up the street for La Piazza Locale.
Yes, this is the smae style of Pizza as Pomo, Cibo, Federal and la bianca (though not as gourmet as the last two),  Good solid Napoli pizza (thin quick cooked, a bit soupy at times).
There are special pizzas every week, ask your waitress or waiter.
Great crust, pizza made to order.
The woom is a bit dark and simple, but good pizza.

The service is not as good as its food.
The waitress forgot to bring forks to is until we asked.
She seemed to feel not interested in her work that day.

You're all doing it wrong.
While I like their pizza I have equally good pizza right next to my house in Cibo.
Their Calzone however...That's what you should be ordering.
They fry their calzone as opposed to baking it.
It winds up like an italian fry bread filled with sausage and cheese and olives.
It's like going to a fair in Italy.
I worry about Locale.
In a sea of fantastic pizza that is Downtown Phoenix it's equally good but for some reason gets none of the love as the surrounding pizza spots.

Having eaten a few times at Pomo, I awaited the opening of La Piazza Locale with much anticipation.
We like Pomo so much that another AVPN approved pizzeria had to be a good thing.
We were really disappointed.
Where Pomo is both classy and warm, this place was low rent.
The waiter was not particularly knowledgeable about the food and didn't seem to care that we were in the restaurant.
The pizza was not all that great.
I realize that this type of pizza is not the same as what people are used to, but we have some other examples in the downtown area of what it can and should be (Bianco, Pomo, CIbo) and these pies were just too thin and soggy in the middle, most of the dough was devoted to the edges and a bit too charred.
I had the unfortunately named Italian Stallion and was not impressed.
When we had some left over we had to flag down the water and ask for a box, after which a styrofoam clamshell - too small for what was left - was dumped on our table.
There were none of the little desert-ish extras that make Pomo so special.
I had hoped, particularly due to its location, that this would be a great place for dinner before a Diamondbacks game, but we are not likely to go back.

Very creative and flavorful pizza.
Not the typical recipes you get at the big chains.
They also had some tasty Italian beer that I'd never experienced before.
Excellent, friendly service.
The only negative was a family sitting nearby with a 2 year old.
The parents thought she was Shirley Temple as they let her roam around the restaurant yelling at the top of her lungs.
Nothing the management could do.

I was pressed for time today so I ordered the Calzone (Pizza Fritti) to go.
From the moment I opened the box, I could tell this calzone, was different from any other one that I have had in the past.
Unlike other calzones that you get in other "pizza" restaurants, these are fried, instead of baked, using the same "certified authentic" dough used to make their wonderful pizzas.
The result is a soft and chewy dough that holds the fillings in check, and is a delicacy all on it's own.
The calzone comes filled with salami, ricotta cheese, house-made mozzarella, and San Marzano tomatoes, all playing together in harmony as they dance across your palate.
And although not listed on the menu, mine contained a few ripe olives which at first surprised me, but added a whole new complexity to the experience.
La Piazza Locale continues to impress me, and if YOU only remember one part of my review during YOUR visit, it is this:  "Experience as written!
"   A lot of thought went into the items on the menu and they are beautifully crafted with flavors in perfect balance...Do not mess with perfection.

Wow, this place... walked here from the convention center and am so happy I found it.
Had 8 people in my party and every single person got amazing food.
Great service, too, highly recommend.

Went with friends who regularly attend locale and they had nothing but great things to say about it.
Got to meet Justin the owner and he recommended the Italian Stallion pizza which was incredible!!!
Had a great experience.
Justin is also a hip hop head so nothing but great beats coming through the speakers!
Can't wait to go back and try more things!

Hidden Jewel in dtphx!
Perfect spot to grab a super tasty lunch or dinner before a Suns or Dbacks game.
This place is in the old Cartel spot.
It is cozy but comfortable and inviting.
Both times I have dined there the staff is super friendly.
The pizza is AMAZING.
I would rank local joints like this:  1) Bianco's 2) La Piazza Locale 3) Federal Pizza 4) The Parlor 5) Cibo 6) Pomo So since Bianco's is ranked nationally this place is holding its own in a close 2nd.
Check it out ASAP.

Best pizza in Phoenix!!
Justin Piazza and staff go out of their way to make everyone feel like a VIP, and the food is beyond compare.
The Italian Stallion is my favorite, but don't overlook the others, either.
The sausage/rappini/smoked mozzarella was outstanding!!
Be sure to leave room for dessert, too.
Both the cheesecake and the Tiramisu will rock your world.
Outstanding food, friendly and professional service, casual atmosphere, and reasonable prices make La Piazza Locale a must-go location for downtown eating.

This is without a doubt the BEST Italian restaurant I have been to In the US.
I live in San Francisco, home to many outstanding Italian restaurants.
Who knew the best is in Downtown Phoenix?!
I am in town three days and came back for a second visit because it was that good.
The pizza crust is perfect, the service delightful, and the ricotta cheesecake (homemade) out of this world.
I wish I could pack this restaurant in my suitcase and bring it back because there is so much more I want to try!

Wow wow wow.
Exceptional service and over the top good food.
As a guy who grew up in Italy (summers) this is THE most authentic Italian pizza I have had on this side of the pond.
Host, waiter, and Matteo (from Italy within the past two years) were so genuine and warm.
We had the Rocco and it was amazing.
The Nutella dessert was incredible.

After reading all the great reviews of this place on yelp we decided to give it a try ( one more time).
This time we tried Quattro and burrata pizza... again I don't get my pizza Quattro in middle came soooo soggy.
It was wet on the bottom.
Dough was chewy like gum.
No flavor.
Topping veggies were raw .
Are you serving me salad or pizza ?
People who love this place must be sheltered.
There are many options in this area for a good pizza....cooked !

Best pizza I have ever had...period.
Great service and cool ambience.
Don't miss out!

Wow!
I got the margarita pizza which is a cheese pizza.
It was so delicious.
I love how they make their own mozzarella cheese.
Service was fast and friendly.
Rare these days with some places.
I will definitely come back!

Many reviewers here on Yelp seem to dole out 5-star reviews like candy on Halloween.
However, I feel an establishment needs to really earn 5 stars, and rarely bestow such high ratings.
To the owners of La Piazza Locale - you earned it!
Wow.
Just freakin' WOW!
I left your restaurant completely stuffed, and raving about your pie to whoever would listen to me for days!
Thank God I don't live in AZ, or I'd be 450 pound regular in a matter of weeks.
I wish I could say I'll be back soon.
Order the pizza diavolo.
You're welcome.

After reading about this place in The Wall Street Journal I had to stop by.
Based on "Authentic Napoletana" pizza, it was a target on my list.
With that being said, I have never been to Italy.
But the food was really amazing for the price.
I Spent 35 bucks and had an 3 course meal of high quality tasty food.
However, I am a stickler for service.
Even though I did not see anyone wait very long to get seated (self included), It took 5 minutes to get acknowledged for a drink - and I sat at the bar.
Followed by me flagging servers down to take my order plus asking the owners wife for a utensils and my napkin.
Bless the owner and his wife.
He is busting his butt cooking for quality and trying to keeps things moving and his wife was very nice and tried to do the same.
Rare is it that I would consider going somewhere again with bad service.
But - I under stood the issue, not the food, location, price, quality of restaurant - but staff.
I will come again.
lol.

I prefer this place for dinner to lunch.
At lunch it seems hectic and I want to be able to savor my pie.
At lunch too I find the pastas saltier than they are in the evening, and can't have a glass of wine to enjoy.
The pizza's have a great amount of char and for those who like a more tarte tomato sauce this place is for you.
They take their pizza seriously and have the awards to back it up.
The best starter and can't miss is the burrata.
Creamy, served with charred bread it makes for a lovely carb laden starter.
The pizza's come out super fast and I can't say enough how this is a great place to grab a bite before a show downtown.
The portions are not huge which is good, then you don't feel guilty about leaving the leftovers in your car while you catch the concert.
But I never feel like I'm leaving hungry.
Pretty solid overall.

Downtown Phoenix.
Saturday.
Comicon was on.
We needed good food within a few blocks of the convention center.
I have eaten at La Piazza al Forno in downtown Glendale so I knew these people could make good pizza.
We arrived at Locale soon after they opened at 2pm, and the place was hoppin'.
I was part of a party of three, which ended up perfect: a pizza bianca split three ways, plus different side salads for each of us.
I had the rucola salad; I was impressed with the size of the salad, and the dressing and arugula were delicious together.
Now, to the pizza.
Imagine a vat of divine cheese.
Fling your tastebuds into that.
That's the bianca.
Their crust isn't my favorite, I confess, but it's still yummy, and that fresh cheese is soooo good.
Plus, delightful air conditioning (me wearing a steampunk costume in 110-degree heat was not the smartest of ideas) and a server who was willing to constantly refill our water glasses... coming here was the perfect choice.
Plus, I got to show some out-of-town friends that Phoenix has some darn delicious pizza.

Wow, wow and wow.
As I walked into this dope little spot that was jamming out to Jay-Z I just knew....it may be true love.
I was greeted promptly and happily by Matteo, who was also my server.
I sat at the little bar area and ordered a beer and hung out while browsing over the menu.
I was going stag that night, and everyone was super friendly!
Not in the manner of "wow this chick probably has no friends, what a loser" type fake friendly....but genuinely super cool, including the owner who was manning the oven.
It finally came time to order some food, so I decided to go with the Pizza Special, the Tricolore.
It was perfect because I couldn't decide on just one pizza, and this pizza was split into three different sections.
I added some anchovies to one part and wow.
Took the first bite and wanted to punch someone in the face because of how good it was.
The cheese, you could tell was fresh and made in house.
The crust was the perfect amount of crispy and soft and all the ingredients were great.
I also saved room for a cannoli and couldn't be happier with how good THAT was.
Just the right amount of sweet, perfect crunch of the shell, none of the extra added BS like chocolate shit drizzled for no apparent reason.
I'll definitely be coming back and bringing more people.
Thanks La Piazza.

O mio Dio!!
My friends know I don't like pizza, so believe me when I say this place is phenomenal.
(My friends are also probably sick of this word.
)  I was introduced to this place while looking for a place to dine while working Phoenix Comicon this year.
My friend wanted pizza and I was too tired to argue with him.
I'm so grateful I didn't.
We were seated immediately and the server was very friendly and attentive.
My friend introduced me to burrata.
It was a little ball of heaven.
It melted in your mouth and was creamy.
It came with speck (prosciutto) and Rob said it was delectable and perfect.
I don't eat pork, so I'll take his word for it.
Following this was the quattro formaggio pizza.
Oh sweet baby Jesus....
I loved it.
Then came the tiramisu.
The owner's wife makes it daily from scratch.
I've had my share of "good" tiramisu desserts that people raved about, but I could never fathom ever eating a second time.
Hers was amazing.
It is rich and the lady fingers are perfectly soaked with just enough of the coffee liqueur.
The marscapone is creamy, smooth and layered equally.
This is the only place I will eat this dessert now.
Just delicious and a dance for my taste buds!
Since then, I've brought my sister, niece, son, mother, co-workers and friends to this place.
They all love it.
I've tried their burrata pizza, their regina margherita pizza and also the bianca.
All of these are fantastic!!
I was finally brave enough to try calamari when one of my friends ordered it.
Both my friend and my mother are extremely picky about calamari since it can be quite rubbery when not cooked right.
Their calamari came out perfect.
Not one bit was bad and the garlic and Italian chilies are very good with it.
We were stabbing each others' hands with forks to get at the garlic.
Here's one thing that I found to set them apart from other restaurants.
When I ordered the burrata and speck the last few times I was there, the server remembered that I do not eat pork, so he substituted artichokes and tomatoes so I could enjoy the entire appetizer.
They didn't up-charge for the substitution like most places would.
For those with a nut allergy - Their pesto is made with almonds.
It is not on the menu, so if you don't ask, you won't know.

I went last Saturday for my friend birthday, we had  Three different pizza Stallone , margherita and  Calzon pizza fritte tasty little bit bland for me  Or maybe I am really picky about pizza .
Anyway  I think there is least 5 pizza place better in 1 mile.
Small place dark with no patio.
I wish give more  2 star but I am not impressed about this pizza Place .

We came here late after a volleyball tournament with our kids and were absolutely blown away.
This is authentic Italian pizza.
Everyone in my family loved the food.
My wife and I have both been to Italy and this is as good as anything you would find in the best pizza locations in Sicily... Great, friendly service too!

Great Pizza!!!
Had the Margherita and Salciccia pizzas, both were excellent.
Great service as well, super friendly waitress and the rest of the staff was super accommodating.
Only thing I was kind of missing, and it's not a big deal was the lack of beer on tap, preferably a local craft brew type.
Would love to see some local breweries represented.
Other than the lack of beer on tap this place is the shizz!!
Will be back for sure.

