I've had Jimmy John's sandwiches in Phoenix and I'm excited there's one in Casa Grande now!

I love the jimmy johns chain!
It's fast and reliable.
I'm usually debating between the big john which is roast beef or I get the tuna sandwich.
I often accompany my sandwich with either BBQ or jalapeño chips.
So I drove around one day and saw this jimmy johns.
I couldn't believe my eyes because I didn't see it checking yelp on nearby restaurants.
I even asked google to find it and it didn't find it.
So today I drove past again and pulled in!
I was surprised to see that this jimmy johns had a drive through!
That was a first for me.
I decided to dine in though and ate outside.
The umbrellas are so new that the tags are still hanging on them untouched by weather.
Everyone was really nice and friendly inside and the store was very clean.
Also, another perk to this jimmy johns was the cherry coke option.
I rarely see that I other fast food chains.
I'll definitely be checking in here again!

I've eaten a lot of sandwiches in my life, everything from Subway to Quiznos to Firehouse.
We flew in to Phoenix and needed to grab a quick bite and the consensus was to try Jimmy John's.
The bread was one thing people raved about but I found it too tough for my liking.
If given the choice between Firehouse and Jimmy John's I'd choose Firehouse; if the given the choice between subway and Jimmy John's I'd choose Jimmy John's.
It's fast food but it's still pretty good, far better than most fast food places out there just not my #1 pick for a sub.
My biggest gripe was they don't have salt packets, yes I'm going to die because I use salt I've accepted that...now let me season my food to taste.

Why is it that no matter how many times I let JJ's know of problems at this store the only response is to send me a gift card.
Now I appreciate a free lunch but I REALLY appreciate my order being made correctly.
Freaky Fast how about THIS store work on getting it freaking right.

My favorite lunch delivery.....love everything and love the service.
Thank you Casa Grande Jimmy John's!

I would again after 2 days of repeated problems warn all busy professionals or anyone who wants to partake of the freaky fast and freaky horrific service of jimmy johns to stay AWAY.
The food is fine but beware that you will not get what you order.
You will however get attitude, and poor service FREAKY FAST.

