Pizza People have moved into a new place and not just in their Food Truck.... a Pub in Downtown Phoenix.
It is a beautiful comfy location right near the light rail.
My girlfriend and I went there for a tasting and let me say it was GOOD!!!!
The Jalepeno Canoes were my favorite ... as well the Coronado Mule ...(Moscow Mule) perfect!!!
The also cater to the vegans and have Vegan Pizza and many other dishes... My girlfriend was very pleased!!
Cheers to Pizza People.. Great Spot!

Yet again I find another food truck that has decided to take the plunge into brick and mortarville.
This time its arguably Phoenix's most popular pizza food truck.
I've never tried Pizza People prior to this, but I'm always ready for a shot at some good pizza.
I live just down the street from this building (which used to be Cheuvront's), so my girlfriend and I decided to satisfy our curiousity.
The place retains some of the charm that Cheuvront's had, with a very modern restaurant feel, but they've definitely put their own stamp on the place from the bar to the furniture and the staff.
I knew they had their big opening the night before so the crowd was pretty light tonight and with the weather improving, we decided to sit out on the patio.
We decided to start off with their signature cocktail, the Grande Pub Shrub.
They mix it in a mason jar and let you pour it yourself (its meant to be shared by two).
Very unusual drink.
Not bad, just different.
Its like an epic battle between grapefruit and jalapeno in your mouth.
If you try it you'll see what I mean.
For an appetizer, we actually decided to do the mac and cheese jars.
They're small enough to take down yourself, but you can share as well.
I got the spicy buffalo mac with chicken.
She got the Korean sweet and spicy mac with beef.
I have to admit, I liked her's better as the flavors were very subtle but melded very well together.
Mine was good, but they weren't kidding about the spicy part.
It was like a really hot chicken wing.
And then, it was time for pizza.
I looked over the Yelp reviews about this place when it was just a truck and it seemed the Popeye was the biggest favorite of the bunch so I went with that.
I was looking for something on the lighter side and this satisfied it.
The spinach, tomato and basil gave it really good flavor (though I think it could've used a little more tomato).
She got the Date Me, which more or less tasted like a salad with goat cheese on a pizza.
The prosciutto was a great addition, though our server recommended we should add bacon next time (I think he's right).
For dessert, we ordered the peach cobbler, but they were out, so we went with the chocolate cake with ice cream.
It came in a jar just like the mac and cheese jars, but was plenty rich enough to satisfy both of us.
All totaled, dinner tally was about $55 with tip.
The owner even came by to thank us for coming and asked us for any feedback good or bad.
Food was good and had lots of fun and unusual items that you can customize to make it your own.
It wouldn't be fair to compare this place to a Pomo, Cibo, or Bianco as this is nothing like those spots.
The Pizza People folks are doing pizza their own way (along with the rest of their menu).
If you want just strictly traditional, then Cibo, Bianco, or Pomo are probably more your thing.
But if you're feeling adventurous or just looking for a new twist on some old favorites, by all means give this place a shot.

Went to Pizza People Pub the other night for dinner, hoping to get some more of the awesome pizza I'd had from their truck back in May.
The pizza was wonderful as I remembered, and I also tried the Spud Fingers app (good seasoning, though the potatoes could stand to be cooked longer), and the Peach Cobbler for dessert.
Get the peach cobbler!
It's so good, served warm with a crunchy-topped biscuit topping and vanilla ice cream.
I can't wait to go back and try some other items on their menu, as well as more of that tasty pizza!
You can read more about my dinner there on my blog, ovenandapron.com.

I went in early in the afternoon, in the middle of their soft opening.
I was greeted with a smile by the host and offered a seat at the bar since I came in alone.
There wasn't much of a crowd, it was mid day  so I expected that there would be more people because of the lunch hour and the location.
I was served a cold glass of water and given a menu by the friendly bartender.
For an app I ordered the Jamaican Jerk chicken wings and for a meal I asked for the Fun-Guy artisan pizza.
The wings had a nice kick to them and the ranch was tasty, a bit on the sweeter side though.
The issue was that some of the wings had a chewy texture, as if the chicken was not fresh and had been refrigerated for quite some time.
The "Fun-Guy" pizza was underwhelming.
Mozzarella, Crimini mushrooms, fresh Arugula and topped off with truffle oil.
The Mozzarella cheese was bland, almost as if they opted to use some generic brand of cheese.
I specifically ordered this pizza as I did not want the flavors to be overpowered by greasy meats.
The Crimini mushrooms smelled great but their flavor seemed much stronger than that of the cheese.
The Arugula felt like a strange choice as you cannot taste it.
I was hoping that it would add a new and different texture but in the end, it was just some flat greens with no character.
The Truffle oil only heightened the mushroom taste of the pizza, so if you really like mushroom flavor, I would highly recommend the "Fun-Guy".
On the other hand, the dough was soft and had a fantastic texture, by far my favorite part of the pizza.
I only gave it 3 stars but by no means is it a bad score, I do plan on returning and will try something different from the menu.
Their wings weren't great and the pizza has a run of the mill flavor but the atmosphere was friendly and that is why I will return.

I went here with the BF, my brother, his gf, and my niece and nephew yesterday for lunch.
The place is cute, I like the way they have made the restaurant look...comfortable, yet modern.
All of the food was delicious.
I tried the Seoul pizza and it was delish...spicy, sweet, crunchy....just awesome.
The crust was perfectly crunchy.
The pizza was big enough for two people and only cost 9$.
I also tried the monkey bread (really tasty little garlic knots) and the chop salad (not my fave, but I don't really like chopped salads generally).
Also, they serve Hamm's!
Can't beat it.
I may just become a regular here.

I have been underwhelmed with many of the new & hip downtown restaurants I have been told I "must try".
This was not the case wit Pizza People Pub.
Right out of the gate I was happy with how I was greeted and seated.
For such a new restaurant the customer service was already in line.
The Honey Ginger Soy Wings were great.
Meaty and cooked well with veggies and dipping sauce on the side.
There were a bunch a good looking flavors and I will be back to try them.
There are a handful of Mac & Cheeses on the menu.
I had the Bleu Cheese and it was really tasty, cheap, and plentiful.
For the pizza I tried their Hottie.
Serrano, jalapeno, house made sausage, with some fresh chiffonade basil on top that really brightened it up.
The crust was delicious and not greasy which I always like.
It held up well to the toppings and wasn't a limp mess.
I loved loved loved the sausage.
Fennel seeds in sausage always score points with me.
A lot of new artisan pizza places go for combinations that just seem like they watched to much Food Network when they were designing their pizzas.
PPP got their toppings sorted out with their food truck and they serve up smart and delicious combinations.
The chef clearly focused on flavor and did not tie the menu to traditional American or Italian pies.
I thought it was ballsy to go for this type of pizza place so close to Pizzeria Bianco but I think their well thought out and executed menu is going to surprise people in the area.
This isn't really a negative just an FYI...although the menu would leave you to believe there is a sports bar theme with lots of TV's for watching games...there are not.
It is a comfy place with good music and a great place to hang with friends.

Ok so I'm only doing "mostly veg" right now so I may have meat once or twice a week.
I decided to use up one of my meat allowances here and boy did I get my money's worth.
I had the Truffle mac (and cheese) with hot italian sausage.
My goodness, I could have died it was so darn good.
Just perfect.
I can't articulate exactly how it was perfect, just that the flavor was out of this world.
High quality sausage.
I think I read another review that said they made their own sausage?
I could totally see that.
It tasted very fresh.
The Agave Apple Slaw which my friends raved about wasn't bad but the minute I opened the dressing container, my senses were assaulted with the intense stench of vinegar which is still hanging in the air.
It calmed down a bit after sitting on the salad for a bit.
I will try it again when I eat in.
Today, i took it to go.
My co-workers loved their Pepperoni pizzas and monkey bread (which were more like garlic knots) with awesome flavor.
Staff  is very friendly.
Jamie is awesome.
Fantastic customer service.
I'm also a fan of sister restaurant, Switch.
I think this place is here to stay, folks.
I will update once I've tried other meals here for the big picture.
The fact of the matter is, there WILL be a next time...mmmm mmmm  10/11/13 update:  Mushroom mac is tasty.
But the Truffle mac is definitely my fave for life.
Co-workers highly recommend: Pub Burger, Leezie's Sweet & Spicy Korean wings, and Seoul Fire pizza.
One said the Jalapeno canoes were too mild which means I will probably like them.
Tom, an owner I believe he said, who intro'd himself to me and thanked me for being a new regular.
That was very cool.
If you haven't eaten here yet, what ARE you waiting for?
It's just across Central from the Burton Barr library.

After chasing down this pizza truck for a good lunch time meal, I was pleased when I saw these guys had taken over the spot of (forgot the name of the restaurant, meh who cares) anywho I decided to go for something on the menu aside from pizza since I know how good the pizza is.
I opted for the sausage cheese dip and wings.
I like my wings a little crisper and fried and these were baked - but they were OK so nocomplaints here, the ranch was really good.
The dip wasn't my thing but I ordered it so I won't complain about theat either, if I wanted cheese and sausage I should have just had pizza instead...
The girl that took my order was very nice and the owner of course is friendly.
Give them a try, I'll be back

I went to Pizza People Pub to grab a little food and some beer to watch Sunday night football, it ended up being a great idea, I ordered an appetizer and 3 beers, the bar tender Patrick was very knowledgable of the beer and food.
Everything was great.
I will be back next Sunday, I am picky and this is my first 5 star review.
Check it out if your a pizza person.

So glad that Pizza People is open!
The truffle mac n cheese with chicken is my favorite so far.
We can't get enough of the place so I feel confident we will have the entire menu sampled in no time.
Pricing is so reasonable and the food is delicious!

Never tried the food truck, but not impressed with the restaurant.
Bleu Mac had absolutely no bleu cheese flavor, might as well have been called "mac and cheese.
"  Date Me was way overly salty.
Popeye was way overly garlicy.
After we were seated by the hostess, the woman who I can only assume is the manager approached our table and seemed generally annoyed that our party of 4 showed up on time for our reservation and then requested to sit at an open table on the patio.
She said something to the effect of, "We weren't expecting you to sit here and now the kitchen is going to get all backed up.
"  Couldn't really understand why she even said anything to us at all.
Our waiter was nice and attentive though and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time, so again not sure why the manager said anything, but she certainly set the tone for the meal...

No more chasing down the food truck!
Amazing restaurant layout.
Perfect to book a party.
The extended menu is genius.
Ten different kinds of Mac n cheese?
Nothing wrong with that.

I tried this place on a Sunday afternoon on a whim and, I'm really glad I did!
The dining areas were very clean, open and inviting, in a way that creates an atmosphere where friends & families can enjoy each other's company or, watch a ball game in one of the big screen TV's behind the bar.
I was there on a father/daughter date.
I ordered the Seoul Fire Pizza and, my daughter ordered the The Hottie Pizza.
Both pizzas were outstanding!
I don't know who is responsible for the dough but, when baked into what can only be described as perfection, they were devoured with relish!
They have a very nice selection of beers on tap or, bottled if you prefer.
An A+ to the staff.
The wait staff was very friendly & attentive without being intrusive.
The prices are very reasonably for the budget minded and, for the location, you could easily expect to pay much more.
There is parking just to the right of the establishment or, even more convenient there is a light rail stop in front too.
Yes, I will be a return customer.

This review might not be totally fair, because none of my dining companions or I ordered their pizza, which of course is probably the best thing on their menu.
But recently greasy/cheesy food has not been kind to my stomach.
So instead I ordered the wings appetizer for my entrée.
What I liked was all the veggies they served.
What I didn't like was that the wings weren't fried/grilled.
They were only baked and the texture wasn't that great.
Also the Korean sauce was a little too sweet.
My friend ordered the burger, which again wasn't grilled, it was only baked.
He didn't have anything to say about the burger except that it was a regular burger.
My other friend ordered a salad, which was supposed to have dates in it, but he didn't find any.
He overall enjoyed it, but it didn't seem to be anything remarkable.
I'll probably give this place another chance and order the pizza.
When I do I will update my review!

Great food, great service, great atmosphere.
All around great!
Their vegan pizza is probably the best in the valley.

What?!!!
I can now grab my favorite pizza any day of the week!
Whoo hoo!!!
Seriously one of the best pizza pies in town.
I walked in knowing exactly what I wanted, but I am always up for trying more, and so happy I did!
My meal included two Mac n Cheeses, the Mushroom and the Jalepeno with bacon (I always add bacon, it  makes everything better;) haha!
), both were creamy and flavorful, I highly recommend them!
My signature pizza, The Testosteroni, perfect as always with a crispy delicious crust.
Spud Fingers which were a nice surprise, as I'm not always a huge fan of fingerling potatoes, but they were awesome and the ranch/dill dipping sauce was a great touch!
And finally, the Jalepeno Poppers, mmmm.
That's all:)    Proud to say, I finished everything!
Yep, this girl knows how to eat:D!!
On top of the delicious food, they have created a great environment with booths, couches, bar seating and tv's if your watching a game!
Awesome spot, tasty food, super nice staff!
You must go!
I will be back......A Lot!

For years I have been driving past the spot along central ave that Pizza People Pub now occupies and thinking "What a cozy, inviting outdoor patio, I need to visit sometime", and I never did.
I was so sad when Cheuvront closed down because I thought I would never get the chance.
Pizza People Pub renewed my hope in my long lost dream!
Not only is the location wonderful, but the food here is excellent.
As soon as I glanced over the menu I knew instantly that I would have to make a return trip - the choices are plentiful and each item looks amazing!
This time around, we opted to split the smoky paprika Mac n cheese mini, and we each got our own pizza.
I got the Kauai Not pizza (basic Hawaiian) and my husband got the Testosteroni.
Very very good!
Basic, thin crust with good quality toppings- although my pineapples tasted like they might have been the canned variety.
But either way, it was good.
The Mac n cheese was probably the highlight for both of us - it was baked in a little tin to crispy perfection on top with a creamy interior.
The alcohol selection was good here, and I loved sitting out on the patio watching the light rail go by!
Especially in the cooler weather and being so close to our house, this will become a go-to spot for sure!

First, GREAT customer service!!!
High marks.
The food was nothing daring, it's pizza; but very enjoyable.
Wings were good, as was the salad, (which is odd cause usually you dismiss the salad).
It's a good value, there are better pizza places, but I will put this place on rotation.

So the awesome food truck came to a fixed abode at the old Cheuvront location.
I am in heaven - No longer have to wander around the Valley trying to remember what days/times they're supposed to be where.
And it's only a few blocks from home.
Thank you downtown Phoenix and especially thank you Pizza People Pub!

I wished for a burger-and-drinks joint across from the Central Library, then I looked across the street, and there was Pizza People with a sign proclaiming "Burgers"!
And a very fine burger it was.
The Encanto Burger is a nice fat burger with a weirdly fascinating flavor profile that I attribute to the date BBQ sauce.
Date BBQ sauce may be one of the best weird things to come out of Arizona.
Either it's ordinarily served medium or I exude the aura of a woman who's going to order "medium" to such an extent that servers just know.
The beer and wine lists are short and cute, and there are assorted WTF mixed drinks of the sort served by hipster restaurants, including one that involves pepperoncini (I did not try that).
I sort of need to try an almond old-fashioned on the next trip, especially if there's apple pie running loose again.
The apple pie is served in mason jars and has crust so best that it gets past my crust-hating nature.
The patio gives a splendid view of light rail coming and going from the McDowell light rail stop, so it's an excellent place to feel urban on a warm evening.

Came here for lunch.
We wanted pizza and decided to try this place.
I got the Hottie Pizza.
It's a combination of Italian sausage, Jalapeños, Serranos and green chilies.
Sounds hot, but it just had a nice kick and awesome flavor.
What a great combination!!!
Great place for drinks too.
Try the Monkey Bread for a app too!

Decent pizza and good location, very nice inside

Came down to check the place out and watch the Cardinals game.
Well decorated, staff is friendly, and the tvs are well situated around the bar.
There is nothing over ten bucks on the menu (sans the large order of wings10.95) and all the items came out relatively fast for how any people were in the place.
Great job on the transition from truck to bricks!

I have a new favorite pizza place in Arizona!!!
Haven't been to the Pub yet but it's on my to-do list in the very near future!
I love pizza and am sooo glad to have a new place to get it.
At Taste of the Trucks I was able to try a few kinds.
The Hulk is unbelievable!!!
Not very greasy for pizza Bd the crust is thin and perfectly cooked!
Can't wait to try more!!

We came here last night because it was a beautiful night to enjoy sitting outside and I've seen this place was now open when I cruise up and down Central.
I love that there is plenty of parking just on the north side of the building and the decor was cute on the inside.
The World Series game was on and it made it seem much more like a sports bar than a pizza place but I can't blame them for having the game on their several TV's.
Our waiter was great!
He anticipated our drink refills and we never had to wait a moment for anything.
I must have drank like 5 glasses of tea.
Being our first time, our waiter recommended their most popular Testostorini pizza and the White Parm and Corn Mac N Cheese.
Just what I had in mind!
I added tomatoes to my pizza and my fiance tried their wings.
Unfortunately, the pizza wasn't all that great.
It was okay, good crust, but it lacked a whole lot of toppings, sauce and cheese and made it a bit bland.
It definitely doesn't compare to the Pomo/Federal/Cibo pizza's that are within a few miles of this place.
I sadly thought the Mac N Cheese was a bit bland but my fiance thought it was good.
Maybe my tastebuds were off or something.
He said his wings were just okay but it didn't sound like he'd be interested in coming back for them anytime soon.
Overall, great service, kind of a cool atmosphere inside, great urban patio outside and just mediocre food in my opinion.
Rats.
I had high hopes.

So -- I still haven't had the pizza here.
I guess I'm just not a pizza person.
But the more I think about it, I think it IS fair to judge them on their non-pizza food, because even if it isn't their specialty, if it's on their menu it should taste good!
I came here again for lunch this time and ordered their salad that comes with pesto and dressing on top.
It was the saltiest thing I have ever eaten!!
The pesto had too much salt, the dressing had too much salt, it also had cheese on it, and when all those things combined it was basically just SALT.
my mouth had that funny burning feeling after I ate because of all the salt.
Whoever taste-tested and approved this menu item has got terrible tastebuds.
Also, my friend ordered a salad but they brought her out a totally different salad.
And since we were there on a lunch break she didn't have time for them to make the right salad for her... strange and not cool.
I hope this place does well because it's nice to have a business on that corner instead of an empty lot, but they seriously need to revisit some of their menu items and strive for GOOD, not mediocrity.

Came by with a large group for my husband's birthday last night.
It was a last minute decision and the staff was more than accommodating.
They put a 20 top together and viola the party was started.
Our server got us drinks, ASAP.
The Huckleberry Punch, probably will be my new go to beverage.
Tart and sweet but not overpowering.
The decor is eclectic and comfortable.
My favorite is the wall of photos of the owners in a timeline of their food truck and the build out of The Pub.
We went strong on the appetizers and ordered everything!
The monkey bread and cheesy poofs were great.
We even got the pigs in a blanket.
My favorite was the corn and parmesan Mac and Cheese.
As for the Pizza fantastic!
I have been a fan of their food truck, so excited to be able to grab some Pie when they are not on the streets.
I do have to say, small businesses are my true love.
I fall in love with story behind a small business as much as the food.
This one is a best seller.
Tim,MB and baby S you should be proud!

I love Pizza People's new restaurant.
I've been there several times now with the hubs and  friends.
lt has become a regular dinner spot for us.
The space is very comfortable and inviting.
I love the couches!
They make for a really cozy space to sit, talk and eat some pizza!
And the staff are so friendly and welcoming.
I highly recommend the Date Me pizza.
I never would have thought that dates on a pizza would be so delicious.
I got mine sans proscuitto (I'm vegetarian) but I can imagine the salty and sweet mix would be fabulous.
And I love that they have vegan and gluten free options for all of the pizzas on their menu!
If you haven't been here yet, you should definitely check it out.

Just like Streisand sang, "People.
People who need Pizza People ... are the luckiest people in the world.
" Well, she should've sang it that way.
Memories light the corners of my mind.
Pizza, mac & cheese, sandwich and burger memories ... of Pizza People Pub.
If you cherish the memories of Mary Beth and Tim Scanlon with their Pizza People Food Truck, you probably know by now that they teamed up with Tom Jetland of Switch, FEZ and the founder of Ticoz to found their first brick 'n' mortar pizza pub.
Yes, happy days are here again.
Tom's culinarily creativity and restaurant savvy has never met a stoney end.
They made a place where anywhere you hang your hat is home.
The former Cheuvront's on Central is their home, but with a smart remodel it's no second hand rose.
It's a "happening" near Hance Park, you might say.
Start off with the amazing Chicken Wings (ten for $10.95).
You have nothing to be guilty of because they're baked, not breaded and fried.
They're big, moist and luscious with crispy skin.
Six different preparations are sweet inspiration for these babies.
The main event is certainly the twelve artisan pies (plus endless combinations of a pie you can build).
Each arrive with a 10-inch crust made from house-made dough.
The "Testosteroni" is more traditional with red sauce, mozzarella, pepperoni, ground beef, Italian sausage, onion and basil.
How lucky can you get?
Handsome Chef Matt Gooding is a regular Prince ... of Tides.
And pizza.
Another chart topper is the "Date Me" with mozzarella, goat cheese, minced prosciutto, chopped Arizona dates, fresh arugula and agave vinaigrette drizzle.
All pizzas are under $10, so the server won't rain on your parade when you get the check.
Speaking of servers, oh my man, Roger, I love him so.
Ask for Nicholas and you'll say, "Well, hello, gorgeous!
"  Papa, can you hear me?
Because the burgers and sandwiches are award winning.
The Fairmount Fire burger is for those who like it hot and spicy.
It comes with chiles, mozzarella, romaine and a Buffalo-like red hot sauce on a brioche bun for $9.95.
Did we mention it's hot?
I hope the Sloppy Seoul stays.
It's a fresh take on the traditional "Joe" with Korean sweet & spicy barbeque topped with kim chee and romaine.
Six other sandwiches or burgers make picking a winner difficult.
Each come with a fresh, mild, crunchy agave apple cole slaw.
In a city battling it out for the best Mac & Cheese, I'd be surprised if Pizza People's didn't win the Oscar.
You've got ten amazing, different varieties of the classic with creative twists in each one--mushrooms, paprika, truffle, bleu cheese and more.
Add bacon, chicken, ground beef or Italian sausage for a trifle more.
Mini Mac: $3.95 or Biggie Mac for $9.95.
Spare me the guilt trip.
I'm already nuts for it.
A full bar with creatively crafted cocktails is also available.
Don't miss their Happy Hour from 3-6:30 p.m. daily.
So on a clear day you can see forever.
All the way to Pizza People Pub.
No more hunger and thirst, but first be a person who needs Pizza People.
That's what Barbra would sing, anyway.
Who am I to argue?
Read more at ionaz.com

The cocktail I ordered was perfect-o, while the Jamaican Jerk baked wings were sooooo flavorful.
Their pizza/crust is some of THE best I've had.
The best part?!?!
Their prices!
Great food/atmosphere for the  buck!
Will def be back!

As if we didn't have enough great pizza places downtown!
At least the new pizza places are all good, so many options for quality pizza in our neighborhood.
We stopped in Saturday evening for dinner...great crowd with a good vibe, nice space, and great pizza.
The names for the pizza are really cute...I tried the Kauai Knot...basically a Hawaiian pizza and it was super tasty!
It was a little warm in the restaurant and the service was somewhat slow, but all in all a great experience!

I am new to Phoenix and had the Hottie pizza.
It was really good, and it was fresh jalapeño not the jarred kind a lot of pizza places use.
I will definitely be back.

This was my first time visiting this place.
The interior was extremely nice, the staff friendly and attentive.
The parmesian and corn Mac and cheese is the best.
I think I'll be a regular.
You need to try it.

I love this place!
I have tried their bleu salad, the popeye pizza, the hottie pizza and their sun dried tomato mac n cheese and everything was amazing.
The pizza is just so crispy and perfect.
Have been here several times and will definitely be returning.

One of my new favorite restuarants in Phoenix.. along with Switch and Fez this is owned by the same people.
The food was fabulous and the service was great.
Tom one of the owners is an awesome guy.
Will definately go back again and again.

I've been here 3 times now, Once was their opening night, and 2 other times since.
The pizza is simply amazing.
Decor in side is great, service is awesome.
My favorite server is Nick, he seems to be really cool and always remembers me when I come in.
He also gave me a rundown of the history of this place, it started off a food truck and still is by the way, but they decided to start of this more permanent location very recently.
This place is located directly south of the old spaghetti factory, maybe 300 yards south.
Come in, have a drink, lounge and eat, it's great!

First met the Pizza people outside of Last Exit Live in their food truck a few months ago, so when they opened a restaurant I was over the moon.
We had an opportunity to go there this past weekend, and oh boy!
So yummy.
I was between two specialty pizzas but they don't make 50/50s for them, so I picked the testosteroni one & added feta.
The pizzas are single people pizzas.
My lady had some veggie thing she loves & the kid had a make your own (she loves places that let her choose her own toppings!).
Got local craft beers, piping hot pizza from the brick oven, and fantastic service from a local female business owner.
Go here.
Support local businesses!

I discovered Pizza People Pub through Yelp.
With such high ratings, I knew it was a place I wanted to try.
We arrived at about 1PM on Veteran's Day.
There were people but it was fairly empty, which made it quite pleasant.
We were seated right away.
Our server was awesome the entire time--friendly as could be.
Since Yelpers raved about the mac and cheese, we had to start there: a mac mini each of regular and jalapeno.
I was impressed at how much you get for the money.
That, and I can say that the macaroni and cheese is PRETTY.
The top is all brown and crusted, and when the fork spears in, steam emerges.
It's delicious, too--rich, creamy, with lots of flavor.
We have had Beecher's so-called World Famous Macaroni and Cheese in Seattle, but my husband and I rate Pizza People's versions as superior.
My husband also got the fingerling potatoes appetizer and loved it.
I don't eat fries, but I tried one and though it was quite good.
Nice mix of crispiness and softness.
I ordered the Date Me pizza with a small field greens salad.
The pizza=awesome.
Sweet and savory all at once.
It did remind me of Fired Pie's pizza, though PPP has more of a crust.
I'd really like to sing the praises of their side salad, too.
I eat a lot of salad.
This one was spectacular--I mean, $1.95 for a mixed spring greens salad!
At a fast food place, you spend for that flavorless limp lettuce.
Size is great, too.
My husband had the Testosteroni.
Brilliant name.
Good pizza in his judgment, too.
He was also happy they served Kiltlifter beer.
At that point, we were too stuffed to eat more, though we were already plotting a return trip to try more flavors of macaroni and cheese and the garlic monkey bread.

This isn't the best pizza downtown by any means, but it's still pretty damn good and also cheaper than other pizza joints of similar caliber.
They offer a great selection of pizzas (and other food that i haven't tried because I come here for pizza dammit), and decently priced beers!
The Pub also offers a nice cozy spot on Central that's great for people watching and just chilling out.
I dig it.
I've been several times, and I plan on many more visits in the future.
So far my favorite pie is the Funguy and if you're really into spicy pizza, the Hottie is pretty amazing!

We have had their food truck and stopped in at their new location both times the food was good.
They have a nice drink selection and you can't beat the location.
All in all a solid place to get a meal if your in the mood for pizza or a burger.
Our friends got small sides of Mac and cheese with bacon and loved it and the fun guy is a really good combo.

Yesterday I was riding the light rail downtown for lunch with friends, on the way up I saw Pizza People Pub.
Looked interesting, not exactly my neighborhood, but I thought it might be worth a try.
On the way back, the train stopped in front of it, so I fired up the Yelp app on my phone and saw the very high rating.
Last night we had plans to go to a movie with a friend, but those plans got scuttled so we decided on dinner.
Everyone agreed that pizza was a good fit, so I suggested we try this place and off we went.
Appetizer: honey/ginger wings.
Very good.
Nicely messy fingers when done, thoroughly enjoyed all-around.
Dinners: my wife had a date pizza, which is to say, a pizza made with dates.
It's safe from me.
She quite liked it, ate 2/3rds of it there.
Bob had a veggie pizza which he devoured, there were no survivors.
I had a peperoni pizza with crisp bacon and onions, and it was quite good, though it would have been better had the onions been cooked down rather than just raw and put on top.
I'll have to specify that if we make it back there.
The universal opinion was that this is a good pizza place.
It was kinda noisy, I'd be hesitant to do a weekend night there.
There was a group of about 30 people there and the place was a lot quieter when they finished their meal and went in to meeting mode.
So a good pizza is definitely to be had here.
We wouldn't mind trying their burgers some time.
But it's not quite the pizza that I'm looking for: I'm on a fool's quest to find a pizza like one that I enjoyed as a teen at a place in Sunnyslope called Tommy's that's been gone for probably over 20 years.
Some day I'll find something similar.
Until then, Pizza People Pub will be on my list as a place for good pizza.
Just make sure you turn in on the north entrance before the building, the one on the south side leads to a private parking garage and you might have some challenge getting out of it.

I don't normally review things but this has been a bad foodie week!!!
I live a few houses down the block from people pizza pub and was excited to see them open because I had hit their food truck a time or two:)  We went the week they opened.
Staff very friendly.But we noticed within two weeks they upped their menu prices and if we can drink 5 beers at home, walking or not why pay $13?
They are way over priced, not likely to stay around.
DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!
Cibo is way better and tastes so much better and is fresh and cheaper:) Trust me this is a place to stay away from!

This place is awesome.
We come here once a week for dinner.
My favorite pizza is the Hulk, and my husband loves the Hottie.
Their pizza and beer is very good for the price, and the service is always fast and friendly.
I've never experienced a wait to be seated here, and I've only ever gone on Saturdays.
The only little gripe I have is that I opted for the Build Your Own Pizza on my most recent visit, and added Parmesan to the pie for $1.45 extra, expecting shaved or shredded parmesan or something.
Nope.
As far as I can tell, I was charged $1.45 for the cook to shake powdered parmesan over it.
The same parmesan they bring to your table for free.
It was still good, but skip adding parmesan!

This place is delicious.
My boyfriend and I went for dinner and were recommended to get the Pub shrub as a drink.
Glad we did!
The hint of jalapeño in the drink is not overwhelming, and adds a unique flavor to a typical cocktail.
We started with the honey ginger soy wings, which we have already discussed how to recreate that flavor for our meals at home.
That sauce paired with their dill ranch dressing they make creates an awesome combination.
We got the truffle macaroni and cheese, which I knew I would love since I am a truffle fanatic.
Finally, we got their special pizza of the night.
It was suppose to be sausage, pepperoni, and prosciutto but we think we got the wrong one cause we never saw any sausage.
Anyway, it was pretty good, but nothing special.
Pizza is almost always delicious and this was no exception but noteworthy.

Me and my partner Came in for the first time service was good, I have  Blue cheese salad seems to be a little salty  I don't like to much salt maybe it today's mix's, I had the Testosteroni pizza it is a 10 inch personal pizza, it's a thin crust with a slight toasted and burnt flavor which I do not like but that's just me  I would definitely be back and try something different since it was my first time.

We were craving wings and I wanted to try a new place so we picked Pizza People since I heard about it from Chow Bella.
The staff was friendly but the wings were not so good.
It seemed like they were all cooked the same way then sauce was thrown on them, instead of being cooked with the sauce.
And the sauce was so copius that it was everywhere and hard to eat.
I couldn't believe I made it out without staining my clothes.
I did like all the veggies that came with the wings, that was cool.
I suppose we should have ordered pizza.
Perhaps we will go back and give that a shot.

Mrs and I received a gift card to the Pizza People Pub.
Since it had good yelp ratings we decided to go there today for late lunch...about 2 pm.
Not too many people there.
Waitress was full of personality and we liked her straight away.
We both had a testeroni pizza and we both couldn't remember having a better pizza.
We enjoyed our lunch very much.
Hostess said they've only been open for about two months.
We're already making plans to go there next Friday and taking a friend with us.

It's hard to choose between the many pizza places in the Phoenix area, but you won't go wrong with this one.
Just look at their menu!
There are tons of different varieties of food that you can choose from.
Also the prices are excellent and there are very few things over 10$.
This gives you the opportunity to have a 3 course dinner for dirt cheap.
I have been here a few times and I am happy to see it become so popular.
They are open for brunch and offer a great selection of food to fit a day after drinking late in the night.
The ooonly complaint I have is the music is a bit dated.
It isn't worth taking a star off.
You know those 50's diners that play oldies music?
I felt like the PPP was attempting to emulate that environment but with 80s and 90s music...

This is a great gem of a place right on the light rail.
They serve the most amazing Mac 'n Cheese dishes, 10 different flavors and the jalapeno canoes are soooo good.
Place has a great vibe and the prices are just right.
Did I mention the mac n cheese?

I'm currently in a bleu cheese mac & cheese afterglow.
It's sinful, decadent, breathtaking.
The Parm/corn mac and cheese was amazing too, but taken to the next level with a few dashes of Cholula at home (we went the spoiled route and shelled out for a 3rd party delivery service).
The Testosteroni pizza is quite bold in flavor in its very evident the ingredients are fresh.
The clincher, the dill/garlic dipping sauce for the potatoes.
The combination of the fingerling potato wedges, seasoning and texture was delightful.
I'm looking forward to exploring their menu!!
They're off the light rail and an affordable option when I don't feel like cooking!

I was sad when Ken Cheuvront closed the doors here to keep his place at PHX Sky Harbor, but Pizza People is a welcomed replacement!
The first thing you need to order is one of their Mac n Cheese selections.
Whoa.
I LOVE the Spicy Buffalo Mac.
One of my friends tried the Bleu Mac and another the Korean Sweet & Spicy Mac... all worth the extra 20 minutes you'll need to add to your next workout to burn off the calories...
TOTALLY.
Worth it.
Yum.
As for the pizza, they're all great!
I've shared the following: Testosteroni, Date Me, Seoul Fire and The Hottie.
(I've been here several times - I'm not THAT much of a fatty.
) The Date Me is my fave, with Mozz, Goat Cheese, Proscuitto, Dates, Arugula and Agave Vinaigrette.
I don't think they serve desserts here - but if you have room when you're done, eek... eat more Mac n Cheese!
I also haven't tried the wings but have heard great things about them!
OH - the Piggies in Blankets are flipping great too!
They have a fair selection of local (high five!
) craft beers on tap as well as a slew of fun cocktails and a nice wine selection.
They also has happy hour 3-6:30pm every day with $1 off all drinks.
Welcome to the 'hood PPP - please stick around for a while!

I have been here 5-6 times now and never have I been disappointed.
The food is great.
I had a salad this time.
I tried the P3.
It was delicious.
Could have used a bit less dressing.
The salad was swimming ;) Next time.
The beer is always good and cold.
The hottie pizza is a favorite but be careful.
It is one hot sunufa beep.

Love this place.
Have been here about 5 times in the past 2months.
Wings awesome, Mac and cheese amazing, the Kingston burger is the best.
I haven't even had a pizza yet but they always look and smell amazing.
Everything is made in the oven too.
It's really big inside and even when they are busy you don't feel like your on top of others.
I was there for New Years Eve and there was plenty of room for everyone.

I have a special fondness for Pizza People because one time, I patronized their food truck on Halloween in a cheerleader costume and they felt bad I had no place to sit.
So, the co-owner lent me their stepladder, LOL.
Anyway, I *finally* tried this place a few days after Christmas for a Friday night dinner.
It did not disappoint.
They were super accommodating to our party, which started out as five people but more friends showed up for drinks later.
We had the garlic monkey bread, which is essentially just garlic rolls with a marinara sauce and an aioli.
The bread had a really good texture but I wish it had been a little bit more garlicky.
We also had the jalapeno halves stuffed with cheese, which were very tasty and not too spicy.
Five of us had 3 10" pizzas--the Date Me (mozzarella, goat cheese, prosciutto, cheese, dates), the Hottie (jalapenos, sausage, serrano peppers, basil ) and the Fun Guy (mushroom, mozzarella, arugula, truffle oil).
The Hottie was a little too hot for me to handle but it still tasted good.
I'm a fan of truffle oil so no complaints about the Fun Guy.
I highly endorse the Date Me because the combo of dates with cheese is almost culinary magic.
I know it seems like central Phoenix already has a lot of gourmet pizza places (Federal, The Parlor, Pomo like a mile away, and of course Pizzeria Bianco) but I think Pizza People have made themselves standout.
Also, the space has a great atmosphere for talking intimately or with a big group.
When I was there, one of the owners was catching up with some friends at one table.
To me, that just added to the "town pub" feel.
Unfortunately, our server kept forgetting to factor in a $5 off coupon we had.
I think he was overwhelmed because our party kept changing.
Since I plan to eat here again, it wasn't a big deal so I just saved the coupon for next time.

F I v e    s t a r Ohhh yesss i diiiid :) The food, the atmosphere,  the service,     it.was.phenomenal.
This place was poppin'.
Dj got it going on and the place was packed, but just a 10 minute wait.
:))  Truffle Mac and cheese, with mushroom is to dieeee for.
You might think its a weird combo, but the texture was perfect.
The hulk pizza was superb.
It was so delicious, the sauce was different,  idk how to explain it.
Haha.. the crust was crispy just the way I like it.
I must come back for this again!!!
At the end we got a complimentary mason jars so we can get our drinks for free, and also received two tokens, for $10 off our next visit.
Andddddd a raffle ticket, they're giving away a bike :))  YAYYYYY FOR PIZZA PEOPLE PUB

Stopped by Pizza People Pub on a Friday night for some food and beer.
The place was packed and loud with a dj spinning tunes right near the entrance.
The wait was a little on the long side (they said 30 minutes but I think it was longer) and I did notice a number of people walk away once they found out how long the wait was.
There are a number of couches and chairs to lounge around in near the entrance and outside so with a couple beers in our hands the wait became a non-issue.
The wings were probably some of the best I've had with a lot of substance and a nice buffalo sauce with some added pepper kick.
The pizza was also quite delicious although not necessarily my favorite.
Prices were alright although the pizza's were a little on the small side I thought.
Staff was very friendly throughout the night.
Ultimately, pizza people is a great place to gather, drink, and eat good food.
If I am truly craving pizza I might prefer a more traditional american/italian style place but pizza people's atmosphere and other menu alternatives definitely serves another niche on my food craving spectrum.

The pizza we had was good.
The appetizer cheeses chicken puffs were unappetizing they were filled with chicken purée so like acting baby food wrapped in dough.
We also had the buffalo chicken Mac and cheese, it was a bit overpowering in the buffalo flavor quite spicy.
I would not order the Mac and cheese again.
Out service was just so so.
We would return for the pizza.

This place has such a great vibe.
The jalapeño canoes, Mac n cheese with truffle oil and pizzas are great!
I have had excellent service both times I've visited and while I can't make it downtown as often as I'd like, I try to make it a point to eat there when I'm nearby!

Today, I tried Pizza People Pub for the first time.
I was very impressed!
I had the cesar side salad and 5 BAKED wings!
Both were delicious!
I can't wait to go back and try the pizza!
It looked amazing!
I was there with about 6 other Yelpers and they all said it was good!
Everyone had something different and there was not one complaint!
Besides the food, the staffer that assisted our table was great.
I really have no complaints.
I would give it 5 stars, but I have yet to try the pizza.
I'll update this once I do.

Awesome restaurant, great pizza, good prices, friendly staff.
Free wi-fi.
I had the Popeye, best spinach pizza in the Valley.
Great for lunch.

It's in my neighborhood!
What's not to love about all the good stuff here?
Pizza salad appetizers good bar atmosphere patio lite rail ...
Try it you'll love it IMO

I found this to be one of the best pizza's I have had in Arizona.The restaurant was very nice and clean and they had some great music playing which was nice.The staff was very friendly and professional.
we met the owner MaryBeth she was extremely helpful and nice......she even made our drinks.......I would highly recommend this restaurant!

Located just across the street from the Burton Barr Library.
Parking lot.
For those with little ones, Child high chairs, and handicap access restroom has a little dresser that can be used as a changing table.

I really wanted to love this place, I really did.
I have followed them since they were only a food truck, and the first couple of times I visited was great.
But after the last 3 visits I can not give them higher than 3 stars.
Where to begin?
They can not cook a medium hamburger, its been well and medium well, but never medium.
The service has been hit or miss.
You either get a really great server or someone who will literally ignore you unless you hunt them down.
My wife's mac and cheese pizza was not cooked properly and was extremely greasy.
We have had to talk to both of the owners about issues, and to their credit they have been very generous and kind.
But eating out costs time and money and they are so many good choices in the valley.
The last straw was on Super Bowl sunday when we visited for the Super Bowl buffet.
This event was advertised on their facebook page and looked really cool.
$10 for all you can eat buffet featuring Pizza, Mac and Cheese, and wings.
Sadly reality was anything but supper.
The food was on a table that could have served as a sowing table in your house.
It was short!
Two things of Mac and Cheese were out, a long with one pizza.
The place was packed, and there was hardly any food out at any point in time.
We ended up ordering off the regular menu.
The owner was nice and said he did not expect anyone to actually come to the event, thus the lack of food.
So why did you have the event if you did not expect people to come?
On a closing note, I want to point out again, the Owners and some of the staff where really nice.
Maybe in the future I will give this place another try, hopefully some of the kinks will be worked out.
I am looking forward to see if they can cook a burger Medium.

Oh boy do I love this place.
I have yet to be disappointed by anything.
Pizza People Pub is conveniently located RIGHT off the lightrail, across from the Burton Barr Library downtown.
PPP has great patio seating outside, and plenty of cozy tables and booths inside.
The far South wall is usually decorated in art for sale by local artists, and usually very reasonably (if not under) priced.
On to the food: The Fun Guy is my go-to.
It's perfect every time, and for a mushroom loyalist it's really all I need in life.
For your fill of veggies beyond mushrooms, the Popeye is where you need to be.
Being a vegetarian I haven't sampled any of the meat items but I did get drunk one night (great happy hour here!
) and have a meat-eating friend describe in great delicious detail how the burger was.
Sometimes you just get The Hunger, you know?
It's not weird.
Anyway, the burgers sound amazing as  well.

We decided to go to Pizza People to watch the Super Bowl game on Sunday.
I'm so glad we did.
They had a buffet for $10 that had Mac & Cheese, wings, salad and a variety of pizzas.
It was a great way to try out all the pizzas that they had at a great price.
My favorite we the mushroom and sweet potato pizza and the Mac & Cheese with corn in it.
Our waitress was awesome.
She was really sweet very helpful and brought our drinks out really quick and water glasses were always full.
I have been to pizza people a couple of times now and I know I will be coming back again.

This is a solid lunch choice for Midtown.
I was a little disappointed to find out that there were no lunch specials when I went in, because I heard they had some great lunch deals... but I was still happy to  pay full-price for my meal.
To start I ordered a side Caesar salad with their house made ranch instead of Caesar dressing (which was not vegetarian).
The salad was pretty basic, nothing to brag about... but the pizza made the meal better!
Not feeling in the mood for truffle oil, I ordered the Fungi pizza with pesto instead.
It was very good, flakey crust and just the right amount of cheese and sauce, the fresh arugula on top made it taste "healthier" too =).
If you're on your lunch break, plan ahead.
The pizza takes about 20 minutes to cook, which they kindly warn you about on the menu.
Overall it was a very nice experience, the staff was very attentive and the food was good, so I'll be back!

The pizza is amazing!!!!!
But I especially enjoyed their different assortment of Mac and cheese.
You can even get mini portions!!
Very coo!!
You can choose from jalapeño, truffle, white parm and corn, spicy Korean, and so much more.
I tried the white parm and corn and died!!!!
I don't even like Mac n cheese!!!
But wow!!!
Very good!!!
I didn't think the Korean dishes tasted Korean but props for trying.
Nonetheless everything was delicious!!!

Food was amazing service was bad.
But trust me food makes up for it.
Great prices and even had some gluten free for the inlaws.

I thought this place had awesome pizza, reasonable prices for happy hour and food, nice location, and good service.

Very cute place on central.
Like the art and dining set up.
I had Lunch of "date me" pizza and "white parm & corn" Mac & cheese both were pretty freakin' good.
I love the eclectic food that burst of flavors!

It's a tricky location to find, or find parking in, but once I was there, I admired the atmosphere and let the waiter talk up the product since it was my first visit.
"Would you like to try a pizza starting with our vegan crust..."  My vegetarian dining companion salivated.
"...and topped off with our mozzarella blend and [a couple meat items]?
"  At this point, I was confused by the angle of this place, and how this dinner was going to turn out.
If you're not vegan, you don't care that the crust is.
If you are, why are you advertising toppings made from animals first?
Fortunately, reading the menu unveiled all the cool options and substitutions and whatnot.
You can try pizzas that are 100% vegan.
You can also load yours up with meat, with traditional choices like the "testosteroni".
At my most hungry, I am not an adventurous diner, so I ordered that.
But first, my monkey bread appetizer.
The bread itself is good, and the garlic superb.
They could tone down the butter a bit, though.
There shouldn't be a pool of it at the bottom of the basket.
Overkill.
As for the pizzas, they're about $10 and 10 inches.
The crust?
Amazing.
Great stuff.
The sauce?
forgettable.
The mozzarella, and whatever it's blended with was also bland.
The parmesan shaker had to come to the rescue!
The toppings were also pretty lame, leaving me to wonder if they just scrape the toppings off a frozen pizza and put them on a really awesome crust.
The bar here is okay.
I like to see some of the lesser-known tap selections, like Raj.
My cucumber rickey was disappointing.
I expect a rickey to pack a punch while at the same time being light and refreshing.
Theirs was packed with way too much syrup, and I struggled to finish it.
If you're familiar with my reviews, you know most drinks don't scare me away!
I can understand why this product was successful in the mobile food business.
If I were out at First Friday, or some bar, I'd gladly pay to have their personal pie on the go.
But when I'm sitting down in a stylish establishment, I expect a little better than what is obviously fast food quality.
We could just as easily go to Hanny's or The Parlor for a pizza/cocktail combo at a similar price range.
Maybe if I tried more exotic toppings I'd have liked it better.
Maybe I should try their variety of food besides pizza.
Maybe I'll give this place another try, but not before exploring the tons of other new spots in central Phoenix.

I came here after lunch hour for a beer and a small meal to hold over my hunger til din din.
Beer was good but what blew me from my seat was that Mac n' Cheese.
The bartender with the personality suggested I try it with bacon and bleu cheese.
Oh my goodness was that f@$%&?
great.
I tried to order more food but Jamie the tender mention that one small dish would be plenty and he was right.
If that one thing was amazing, I'm definitely coming back for more with more people.
Great service, exceptional food and good beer.
You'll have me here more than once a month.

Great place!
Wonderful staff, happy hr, Mac and cheese!
Pizza......not so much.
We got the "Popeye" basically a cracker with red sauce and wilted spinach.
Friends got "Margherita" just okay also.
Mac and cheese wonderful and priced right!

I found myself at Burton Barr Library for a meeting yesterday and went to this place for lunch.
I have to say I was impressed.
They don't sell by the slice, but they do have 10 inch pizzas.
I guess you call this a gourmet pizza, but not in an over-the-top way.
I had the Testosteroni and it had pepperoni, sausage, ground beef, onion, and I think it was fresh basil.
The crust was just perfect.
Well worth the $10.50.
Service was attentive and friendly and the place was pleasant.
We were there at 1PM and the crowd was light, I recommend this place if you want to spend a little more for lunch that you would for fash food.

In an effort to try a new place at least once a week, I opted in for Pizza People Pub.
They had starters, pies (pizza), salads, and sandwiches.
More importantly, they had pretty favorable reviews from my fellow Yelpers.
It's true what they say that parking is a questionable activity.
They are located adjacent to what looks like an apartment building and then am empty lot.
I parked in one place and questioned it, so I moved my car again.
When I walked in I was greated promptly.
I asked if I could sit at the bar and sat down.
The bartender didn't see me but someone on the other side of the bar mentioned that I sat down (come to find out it was one of the Chefs.. how cool).
I ended up moving to the other side of the bar were I interacted with Devin.
Super patience, helpful, and friendly bartender.
I told him I wanted everything *insert my eyes were bigger than my stomach*.. so what does this mean..
I narrowed my selections to Oven Roasted Wings tossed in the Buffalo sauce with blue cheese and veggies Red, White, Blue Salad Seoul Fire pizza  So as my food came out, I realized EPIC fail, but I had to sample everything.
The wings were DELICIOUS.
their Blue Cheese dressing is not that traditional clumpy stuff either.
whatever they put in it..
VERY Good.
I had a slice of the pizza..
I think it's an acquired tasted.. at Kim Chee isn't one of those things you run and say I have to have it.
AND I saved the BEST for last.
This salad was amazingggggggggg.
It was fresh and plentiful and I didn't feel bad after eating it.
I just don't know how else to describe it but amazing.
What I thought was equally cool was that I was trying to determine the pizza and the CHEF was like get this.
I said I don't eat that.. he said SUB it.. You NEVER hear people so open to you changing items on the menu..
I will totally be back.
Don't be surprised if it's this week on next week.

I had the Hottie pizza with ham added.
Good pizza.
Only large enough for 1 hungry person or 2 as a snack.
Fresh ingredients.
I was presently surprised to see fresh jalapeños.
Bright green and crispy.
Only 5 Guy Burgers has better jalapeños.

You know those people who add salt to everything?
Like, hey, look at these salt covered corn chips ... they look like they could use at least 6 more shakes of salt on them.
Don't forget the salsa!
It probably needs more as well.
Don't want to lose any precious salt when I dip the chip into it.
I think that is the philosophy of Pizza People.
The more salt the better.
That's pretty much all I tasted.
The food was so salty, my friend had four glasses of water with his meal.
It was so salty, that 20 minutes later, when I saw a public drinking fountain, I about pushed my boyfriend out of the way to use it.
I don't think I've ever been so excited to see a public water source.
In case you are wondering, we all got some variation of mac & cheese.
My friend raved about the mac & cheese pizza.
He was so into it in fact, that he declared he would not be sharing because it just wasn't worth it.
How can you not be interested after a statement like that?
Instead of getting it on a pizza, though, I decided to order mac & cheese the old fashioned way.
I just couldn't bring myself to eat it on top of a pizza.
I mean, that is some serious shit.
I already like food way too much.
We don't need to get Morgan addicted to mac & cheese pizza.
Sadly, though, the mac & cheese was not very good.
Like I said, all I tasted was salt.
My friend ended up letting me have a piece of his pizza for comparison, again, it was highly salted.
Just a big disappointment.
Nothing is a bigger turn off than overly salted food.
It's the biggest food crime out there next to putting truffle oil on everything.
Spread the word and stop the madness.
On the bright side, service was great.

Set across from the Burton Barr Library this place seems more like a bar with a street-side cafe attached, where the burgers and salads shine, but the namesake pizza falls short.
Me and my co-workers stopped in for lunch one day and were greeted by a friendly and enthusiastic staff.
The place was empty;  I mean we were one of only two parties there, but it was still only quarter of 12:00.
I ordered the Testosteroni pizza, a meat-lovers pizza, and in a city that has award winning pizzerias, this was just passable.
The approximately 9 inch thin crust was nicely cooked, however lacked any flavor.
The toppings, although ample, did not play nice together, and ended up leaving the palate in a state of confusion.
The sauce and cheese where just overpowered and almost seemed like a second thought.
Even the visual appeal of this pizza was off.
Each half looked liked it came from different pizzas (see pix).
This was definitely a "pub" pizza.
That being said, the burgers and salads that my co-workers ordered looked appealing, were made with fresh ingredients, and were enjoyed by all.
Overall I would be willing to return to try some of the other selections, but I will go elsewhere for pizza...

The BBQ Pig N Chick Pizza has stood out as a favorite of mine.
I enjoyed the Drewpy Fries despite them being a little saltier than I would have liked.
The Garlic Monkey Bread is definitely a starter staple.
The dipping sauce made it for me.

The good thing: their burger is really good!
The bad thing: their service is laughably bad.
Not only was it slow and rude, but he also got my order wrong when it finally came out.
(I asked for the chicken burger, but got the regular beef burger - no big, it was still good and I was hungry).
But it was to a level where my group was joking that we must be on a hidden camera show.
Won't be going back.

We decided to go to Pizza People Pub on Saturday night to try a new, nearby restaurant and to enjoy some pizzas.
We totally loved it there.
The atmosphere is cool and chill, the music selection was enjoyable but not overwhelming, and the service was outstanding.
Along with that, the food was excellent.
The crust on the pizzas came out thin and crisp, and my husband's mac and cheese pizza blew him away.
We also loved trying many of the craft cocktails on the menu, and didn't find one we didn't like.
We'll absolutely be back.

Love them in the food truck...pub, not so much.
Went two times.
My kid and husband both RAVE about the mac and cheese, but since I'm not a cheese fan, I haven't had it.
I've only eaten the pizza and I have not been impressed.
Last time, I ordered the vegan Mexican pizza.
It was so bland and tasteless that I asked for hot sauce to douse it in.
The server said they had none...so it went back to the kitchen because I'm not a fan of eating cardboard.
He still charged us for it.
I paid $10 for a bite of a terrible pizza.
I won't be back!
Also, fyi, if you sit in the main bar area near a speaker, prepare to lose some of your hearing.
They blast the music.

We came here for Amy's lunch time UYE, uh like forever ago.
I just suck at staying up to date with my reviews.
I have to say that I wasn't expecting anything spectacular.
So I was pleasantly surprised with the opening week lunch $5 specials that were actually really tasty.
I was in love with the enormous salad and pizza each for only $5.
Unfortunately it has been so long ago that I don't even remember what they were.
I really need to get back there and have something else.
That way I can update my review with some spicy details.
Yeah that would be better than just saying it was good.
Hehe!
So aside from the food itself the waitress was really great accommodating us quickly for our large lunch group.
The only thing I didn't like about the experience was the music.
It was garbage Kesha or something of the like.
Note to self: bring them better music...   Gotta get back here soon!

Absolutely love this place!
A friend and I headed over after work the other day just in time for happy hour!
(The pear cider was delicious and a dollar off!
) Our server was extremely sweet and attentive, and she made great recommendations.
The highlight was definitely the spuds and the home-made ranch!
So happy that this place is right across the street from my job- I'll be back!

Convenient pizza place within walking distance and right off the light rail.
I love their Date Me pizza: goat cheese, mozzarella, arugula, dates, agave vinaigrette and I substitute jalapeños for the prosciutto.
Such a wonderful mix of sweet, savory and spicy flavors all in one bite.
Amazing.
I like their jalapeño mac and cheese, tasty stuff.
I've tried their white Parmesan but didn't like the corn in it, and the Korean sweet and spicy wasn't my thing at all.
Too sweet.
Buffalo was okay, nothing special.
Always have great service here with competent and friendly waiters.
My only wish is that they had a lunch special, like a slice of pizza with a salad or something less expensive.
I got a lunch punch card though so I'll be back.

Great pizza, especially the poorly punned Fun Guy, but the highlight for us is the mac and cheese.
I prefer the sun dried tomato, but the regular is the most popular in the house.

I ordered take out here because it was a shorter walk than going to my normal pizza spot CIBO.
I looked at the menu online and saw a ton of things I was interested in.
Based off of some yelp pictures I decided to get the mac&cheese pizza without beef since I don't eat meat.
It was interesting....I wish the pizza was a little bigger...when I saw it I decided to order a side of the potato fingers.
They were good but I wouldn't order that side again.
I will probably go back...the pizza was good and the drink menu looked interesting as well.

Marybeth allowed me to host a fundraiser for cancer research last week, and reserved an entire section for my gathering.
Drew was the sole waiter for 21 people and did *amazing*.
All who attended raved about the food, atmosphere, and service, and most promised to return...mostly so they can try all the flavor combinations of the ridiculously delicious macaroni and cheese!
I owe much gratitude to Marybeth, Drew, and all at Pizza People Pub for making certain my fundraiser event was successful and fun for all.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!

Had really great food here (date pizza, hummus, and Mac and cheese) and the atmosphere is cute and welcoming.
Service was a tad slow when we first arrived but it was a busy Friday and our server was apologetic.
Value was great-- fiancé and I left stuffed and we each had two drinks for a tab of around $50.
For the quality we definitely would have expected higher prices.
We will definitely be back!

I thought I had written a review of this place but I guess this is indeed, my first review.
I went here a few months ago and then last Sunday with friends after a visit to a new exhibit at the Phoenix Art Museum (same light rail stop for both).
The establishment was as good or better than last time.
The house beer was a nice ale and then I and others tried some items from the cocktail list and they were quite good.
I don't know what it is about seeing art and culture at the museum but nothing seems more appropriate afterwards than some nice mixed drinks and a discussion with friends.
Besides Pizza the Mac-N-Cheese variations seem especially good and the salads look wonderfully fresh.
In addition, the staff is pleasant and willing to make recommendations.
They do have a Korean pizza  that looks interesting and some day I will try it.
I'll be honest, I think the 5th star is very much related to the ease of the location (right off the rail) and the proximity to the museum.
Oh, and if someone is gluten intolerant (as one of friends who came to the museum with me) they do have gluten free pizza crusts and burger buns, so everyone can enjoy the meal.
If I could make one recommendation, have a short list of classic cocktails, such as a standard old fashioned (they have a variation of it but the standard one is great as well)  .
The yearly cocktail week event in Phoenix is a good place to get ideas but a list with the cocktail and its original origins is a great way to bring some of the history of the cocktail into the dining experience.
I would also like to see some recommended pairings of cocktails and the various food items.
Bottom line though, to quote the terminator, I'll be back.
:-)

Fantastic food.
Excellent pizzas & burgers.
Awesome drinks.
Overall - we really like this place.
My only complaint -- the service is slow.
The last time we were there, we told our server that we needed to leave for a play.
He proceeded to walk off, take orders at a few other tables, go into the kitchen and then walk up to the front door to talk to some of the other servers.
Meh.

I really enjoyed this place!
Our waitress was adorable and attentive.
We got drewpy fries - such a delight - share with friends and skip 'em if you are on a diet.
We did not get the pizza, we focused on Mac and Cheese.
Mac and Cheese at a pizza joint?
Umm yeah - a ton of different base flavors and you can add your own extras when ordering.
I loved the regular with sausage.
The Korean sweet & spicy was awesome too.
I will be back, I will bring friends, and I may wear elastic waisted pants.

The atmosphere in this place is awesome!
I can't decide if I like it more inside with all fun local arts and owners timeline pics or outside, with a great view on a central avenue light rail....  We ordered pizza, wings and jalapenos mac-and-cheese.
My favorite was mac-and-cheese.
Pizza, I for sure had better but I would order pizza here again, no problem    Service was great.
Our server checked on us many times, explained specials, filed our water in timely manner...loved it!
I would recommend this place for anyone to check out.

Truthfully even though they are a pizza place (see it's name), I come for the salads and the mac and cheese offerings.
They have a kimchee based sauce that is unlike any other available in town.
You can get it as a wingsauce or as a mac and cheese.
Get it, prepare for your eyes to roll back in ecstasy and rejoice.
The mac and cheese offerings come in individual servings so order a few.
The pizza's are the thin, chewy ones with a little char.
The sauce is a little sweeter than at La Piazza Locale which I actually prefer.
It is right on the light rail, the interior no longer reminds me of Cheauvront (although I miss that place terribly).
Good cocktails, decent wines.
Great HH, plus being on the light rail makes this an easy hop for a stop before a show, or for a light rail crawl, or if you just want to people watch.

Hard to chose one thing!!
We started with Mac n Cheese!!!
Delicious!!!!
BBQ Wings are so good, crispy!!!
Oven baked and not greasy!
We built our own pie, pepperoni and mushroom!
Perfect crust and fresh tasting ingredients!

I went here with some friends just over a week ago for some post-First Friday refreshment.
We just shared some pitchers of beer but the decor was cool and our server Drew was really attentive.
In fact, I left my sunglasses there and Drew was responsible for reuniting me with them three days later.
I called up the following morning and he answered the phone and remembered our party.
He held the glasses there for me to pick up the following nonfat after work.
I was so grateful that I figured I had to give the pizza a try.
So glad I did!
I tried the Popeye.
It had red sauce, spinach, tomato, Mozzarella, garlic and basil.
The toppings were all super fresh and the crust was delicious!
The ten inch personal size was just right.
I'm definitely go back here again!

I can't wait to go back here.
We stopped for lunch on the weekend and I saw they had a brunch menu, for sure I want to check that out.
The food was amazing.
We had a little bit of everything.
The fries were the bomb!
We also had a pizza and our daughter loved the pigs in the blanket.
It was very fun and hipster!

Tried this place late on a Wednesday night and it was awesome!
Great service from the manager (he was our server) and loved the decor and feel for the place.
We requested to sit at a table with high winged back chairs and they were so comfy.
My friend got a 32oz pitcher of beer and I got a carafe of wine (both a great deal.
) we ordered The Hulk pizza (YUM) and each had a side of their famous Mac and Cheese!
I had the Bleu Mac and added bacon and thought I'd died and gone to heaven!
Delish!
My friend had the Jalapeño Mac and it was great too.
We were excited to see they serve breakfast on weekends so we will be back for that too!!
Must try in my opinion!!

We met some friends here, and I didn't expect to think much of it.
I figured it would be typical pub food.
But the pizza was actually really yummy!
We had the "Fun Guy" pizza (love the silly names here), and it was delicious.
Very rich (almost to the point where we had to stop eating it).
The crust was very thin and crispy so if you like your pizzas that way, you'll like this place.
We also had the hummus, and that too was enjoyable.
It's a cute little place with original artwork and a laid back atmosphere.
I would come back if I wanted a place to kick back with friends.

Tried this quaint little Pizza place on a Saturday evening.
We were expecting good things because we read the reviews on YELP.
We were not at all disappointed.
Nice, clean, friendly servers (see punctuation changes everything....actually, the place was nice & clean & I assume the servers were too;-).
I ordered the garlic monkey rolls & jalapeno mac & cheese.
The small size was too big to finish.
My hubby ordered the 'pub burger' (he IS a burger connoisseur) and actually told the server ( I forgot her name) it was the best burger he's ever had.
The portions are huge and the service was excellent.
We will  go back again.
If  I had to pick a not so nice word to say it would be  that the music was (JUST a tad bit) loud and could stand to be turn down a notch or two (my opinion only) - but other than that..EXCELLENT!!!!
Great dining experience

Not sure how this pizza joint will keep up.
Central Phoenix has a rash of pizza places now and the competition is fierce.
Better have a signature that keeps people coming back.
Not sure what it is here...

