So the newly relocated Joynt has opened in the DC ranch market colony next to Flemmings on the Safeway side of the center.
The interior is brand sparking new, the teal booths gave a pop of color to the room and it was nice to feel like some of the first customers to sit in the restaurant.
Even the table's matte finish was awesome to the touch, not the usual greasy sliminess of older establishments.
Also, the counter seating is ample and easy for those solo wanderers to swing through for a bottomless cup of joe or breakfast burrito.
Hubby ordered the chocolate chip crepes, not hoping that they would be anything he'd find on Takeshita Dori back in Tokes, but praying that the sweetness factor wouldn't have him jumping off the wall either.
It came as 3 crepes which were more like thin pancakes, and indeed a bit over sweetened so a word of caution, you may need to order a side of savory for this one.
I always try to keep my order simple and aren't the simple foods that are the most satisfying.
My two egg breakfast was also delivered promptly without much wait and I'm glad I went with the waitress' suggestion of ham off the bone rather than bacon or sausage.
3 stars overall but the additional star for the yummy perfectly cooked crispy hash browns!!
Spuds makes or breaks the first meal of the day for me, and if you get over or undercooked I'm never coming back, so I was very happy with TBJ today and will be back soon.

We thought we lost our favorite breakfast spot when we saw the locked doors off Northsight Blvd.
You can't begin to understand our excitement when we saw the now open sign at the new Market Place location.
Yes all is right with the universe again

In DC Ranch.
Cool breakfast place!

Tried the new Breakfast Joynt for the first time this morning and were disappointed.
Breakfasts at the old place were good.
Not so here.
My  wife ordered her eggs basted medium, with the whites completely cooked.
She got eggs with a lot of the white still runny (slimy to me).
When told, the waitress tried explanations (excuses) like, what choices she had when putting the order in the computer - even tho the kitchen was steps away.
We asked that she tell the cook as she took the plate, and when she picked up the check she said she had told him.
That  was the end of it.
Nobody cared.
That hurts more than a bad breakfast.
The bacon was tough too, but that happens.
DC MarketPlace needed a good breakfast restaurant, but as far as we're concerned, this isn't it.

(skip to second paragraph if you don't want our background story on this place)... Having moved to DC ranch recently, I was very excited that we could literally walk to the many restaurants that are on Market St.  That being said, I was not a fan of the only other previously available breakfast place.
Then I heard Breakfast Joynt was coming and my expectations were kind of blah based off my experience of their old location (more due to service rather than food, which was excellent).
So, for the last two Sunday mornings in a row, my wife and I have loaded our son in his stroller and taken the nice walk through our beautiful neighborhood and gone here to give it a good try.
Both times I have been blow away!
My basis for a great review is always based on the restaurant living up to expectations, in this case providing great, filling, comforting breakfast food.
I was not disappointed.
Their menu offers all the variety of a great breakfast place, and they execute very well, especially for having just opened.
I had eggs Benedict the first time that was perfectly cooked (I like that they use bacon and avocado on one of their versions), and then I had the chicken fried chicken with eggs and gravy, which was out of this world good.
Haven't delved into their healthier options yet, but sunday breakfast is kind of my cheat meal every week, so i don't care.
Overall, I wish this place the best of luck and I hope that they take the feedback given in their one negative review to heart, as I think the issue raised is useful to address, even though my experience there was totally different.
I love having this place close to home.

Came here for breakfast with my daughter for my birthday.
We both ordered omelets.
I got the veggie and she basically got the kitchen sink.
They come with hash browns and your choice of bread or pancakes.
Here is the breakdown: Omelets - MASSIVE!
They are basically a 9" egg pie stuffed with whatever you ordered in it.
We both liked them Hash Browns - Average.
They were crunchy on the outside but nothing special Pancakes - I was excited that they were an option.
The waitress said that they were buttermilk pancakes and that they were good so I ordered them.
The were big, fluffy and ............. meh, nothing special.
I was kind of bummed.
They device was fast and friendly and they are located close to my house.
I wish it was better.

Beautiful Airy new location in DC Ranch in Scottsdale off Pima Rd!
Nice Patio and good service from owner and waitresses !
Breakfast was the same as other location and look forward to returning on weekend !

I've been here several times and have been happy with the food and service.
I usually get the omelet breakfast which comes with your choice of ingredients, hash browns and two pancakes.
It's the perfect combination of savory and sweet.
I always have enough food to take home leftovers for the next day.

FABULOUS breakfast,  great service!
This was a real find with the best bacon I've had in a long time.
We will definitely be back.

Great place!
The food, service, and atmosphere is top notch.
Dining outside here is my favorite ...
Especially since they are DOG friendly.
When they seated us they brought out a bowl of water for our dog too!
Our favorite is the omelet and Belgian waffles!

Breakfast around 10a on a Sunday.
Not overly crowded.
Two of us were able to be seated right away.
The service was very friendly.
I like the 9.99 omelet with all-you-want fillings and no up charge for egg whites.
So that's what I got.
Comes with shredded potatoes and toast or pancakes.
I ordered pancakes.
I must have sipped half a carafe of coffee waiting on my food.
I swear it took 35m for two identical orders!
Waaaaayyyy too long!!
The omelet and potatoes were tasty, but the pancakes were yuck!!!
The texture was God awful...thick, rubbery & chewy and the syrup is equally gross.
I think I had 3 bites and was quickly over them!
Next time I'll stick with eggs/bacon/toast!

I ordered the make your own omelet.
It was large and tasty.
Came with a side of hash browns and choice of toast, English muffin or pancakes.
Very good coffee and the waitress kept our mugs full.

Our group of five wanted a classic American breakfast.
This place delivered.
We decided to eat outside on the patio , this was not a hassle for anyone.
Service was great and everyone had coffee that was full at all times.
I had the 2x2x2 which was there 2 pancakes 2 eggs  and 2 bacon .
Fluffy pancakes what more can a man ask for with warm syrup.
Win.

First time eating here...overall pretty good experience.
Sat at the bar top, waitresses were friendly and attentive.
Brought coffee right away and checked refills every 5 min which I really appreciated!
Good omelette, prepared differently than I've seen before, but good tasting.
Much better than the breakfast I had up the street at Market Street Kitchen.
Would return here for sure to try the rest of the menu.
Need to test out their patty melt...the true test for a roadside diner type of joint.
Overall...a B+ on my visit.

Decided to check it out on a Sunday.
The staff was friendly except for an older lady that frowned when we had to ask twice for straws.
They mixed up order twice and the fruit was not  fresh.
Not worth the price for a "Waffle House" type of experience.

They have regular american breakfast items, BUT (and believe me its very large but) they cook them very nice, light, testy, so far for me best breakfast place in town

Great new place for breakfast!
It's a traditional American breakfast joint with great service and food!
The waffles and pancakes are very airy and fluffy.
The potato and corned beef hash are to die for!
I would definitely recommend this place for anybody who is looking for a nice breakfast with family.

When we headed to this location they were packed!
They are obviously a local favorite.
We were able to secure seats at the bar, which we enjoy since you can always watch all the action from here and see how things work.
The country fried chicken is amazing!
Our waitress was okay, she kept on top of things, but seemed to be overwhelmed with how busy it was, which was fine.
The down sides to this place are the parking and how busy it can get.
But if you are willing to walk a bit and hang out for good food that's worth a little wait - head out here!

Breakfast Joynt is a great locals place.
It is a little hard to find,  but make sure you find it!!
Breakfast is served all the time they are open   Everyone on the staff is friendly.
The owner,  David,  is usually around and he obviously appreciates the bus7.
BTW, the food is always great.
They have good specials weekdays.
This is definitely a keeper!

Excellent omelets  and light fluffy pancakes.
There are so many great breakfast places in Scottsdale.
This just may be the best in N Scottsdale.
The patio feels like you are dining at a mountain ski lodge.

D'Lish !!
And totally fresh !
It's more than a breakfast Joynt.
This place rocks for lunch I tried the Chicken avocado club turned into a salad the chicken was very lean , cooked perfectly and juicy.
I'm a ranch fanatic so was kinda disappointed when I tried it :( not authentic at all tasted like a little dipping sauce from a fast food joint.
The ambience was delightful very cozy I will most def be back

I've eaten here 5 times and the service has been friendly and prompt.
Food is consistently good at breakfast.
This is my first lunch meal.
Also good but I think breakfast is better.
(Hence the name!).
Strongly recommended!

I have been here a few times now and every time there is usually a 15 minute (or longer wait).
This place is popular!
Once the wait was so long (and I was so hangry) that we had to go somewhere else for brunch.
That isn't the usual since most of the time we've been seated within 15 minutes.
The location is great and there is plenty of parking.
They have a nice patio but no permanent overhang - just a few umbrellas.
This isn't very beneficial when it's raining (no one can sit outside) or when it's too sunny (not enough shade).
This can be overlooked since most folks don't want to sit outside during the summer, but otherwise it's something they could improve on.
The menu consists of regular breakfast fare - pancakes, omelets, biscuits and gravy, etc.
The prices are pretty inexpensive, especially for the amount of food you get.
Most items come with hash browns and the option of toast or pancakes.
I'm a sucker for pancakes and they are really fluffy here.
My first experience here I ordered pancakes with scrambled eggs and bacon.
I requested my pancakes to be blueberry and they were delicious.
The next time I ordered biscuits and gravy with over-medium eggs.
The gravy is fantastic here.
(My husband has ordered chicken fried steak several times and he can attest how good the gravy is.
) A third visit I ordered an omelet.
As for toppings, you can order your omelet with all the toppings you want.
(I chose ham, mushrooms, and cheese but the options are pretty limitless.
) In addition to the regular menu, every week they have a special.
One visit my husband ordered the special - which was southwestern biscuits and gravy.
This time the gravy was spicy with jalapenos.
It was different but I much prefer their regular gravy.
As for drinks, they have pretty good coffee.
Overall, this is a great breakfast spot that I have shared with both family and friends.
If you are in the neighborhood or up for an adventure, I'd definitely recommend checking it out.

Excellent spot - gets busy quickly so get there early.
The staff is very friendly and the food is great and made fresh and delivered to the table fast.
Had the California eggs benedict with house made hollandaise and it was very tasty.
Prices are very reasonable and breakfast for two came out to $ 26.00.
The breakfast joynt also has great patio seating with misters.

my 1st visit.
Breakfast was great.
Had an egg white veggie omelet.
Delicious.
Service was good.

Great location, friendly staff, good food quality although bread could be better for sandwiches.
Awesome for breakfast!!

I love the food and great location.
Awesome little breakfast spot.
I think the prices are good for the food you get, quality and quantity.
Highly recommend the omelettes.

