We needed a handyman/carpenter to help us with some cabinet repairs.
Andy was referred by our general contractor.
Andy called back promptly and said he would try to make it over later the same day.
Unfortunately, his first appointment turned out to be more complex than expected, so he called us to reschedule for Saturday morning.
And on Saturday morning, he was a few minutes early!
Andy did a wonderful job our kitchen cabinet repair.
PROMPT, courteous, innovative, neat and tidy, cleans up and very reasonably priced.
His schedule seems to be pretty tight, but we plan to call Andy again to help us complete a few more carpentry projects around the house.

We were very pleased to have Andy replace 4 bathroom faucets and install towel racks and accessories for two bathrooms.
He also adjusted the faucet in the 3rd bathroom because the water stopper was not working correctly.
We plan to have him do some additional electrical work after the first of the year.
He works steady and his rates are reasonable.
We highly recommend him.
Genny V.

Background: I had called 2 other handymen for some standard repairs to rental unit and was flat out ignored by both.
Then came Andy.
Andy not only took my call on New Year's Eve, but agreed to show up on New Year's day.
He was timely and efficient with his run through of the property's issues.
We agreed on price range and he went to work.
His minimum is $50 for a visit, and he is prepared and capable to do most anything.
He was telling a story of a family needing assistance w/ setting up a new swingset playhouse over the Christmas season, and they called him to see if he'd do that, which he did until almost midnight that night until it was finished.
Projects Andy completed for us: Toilet issues, Shower issues, molding and weather stripping, minor electrical, and a tricky lock installation.
I find Andy to be a real quality individual who was polite, courteous in our home and most importantly knew what he was doing and even had some work-around tricks up his sleeve to keep us from going over budget and having to purchase more from the hardware store.
For all of that I am exceptionally grateful and will have Handy Andy on speed dial for future scenarios.

Andy did a great job constructing the shed I purchased.
He does a very thorough job and was dependable.

I am not a guy who yelps a lot.
However, when I do you probably aught to listen.
I am in the process of selling my house and was in need of a handyman to repair odds and ends for the preparation of the sale of my home because I run a business and do not have the time to do it myself.
Because I am a detail oriented and meticulous individual, I want it done right the first time therefore I deferred to yelp to find a good handyman and found that Andy had stellar reviews.
I called Andy at the end of a busy day at about 8:30 at night expecting to get a voicemail.
Andy answered the phone, quoted a price and scheduled a date and time to meet at my house for the repairs.
He arrived at my house and assessed the situation, prepared a materials list and off we went to Home Depot.
I purchased all the supplies and back to the house we went.
This man gets out of his truck and worked NON-STOP.
His quote was based on 1 days worth of work.
At the end of the day he realized that he was not going to be able to finish the project, he said that he would come back the next day to complete the work.
I expected him to say that he underestimated the project and that he would have to revise his bid.
NO, NOT A WORD OF IT SPOKEN.
He didn't expect payment at the end of the day and when I questioned him about the additional time and gas and what that would mean to the bottom line, he said nothing has changed with the pricing and that he was only discouraged that he could not complete the job in the timeframe that he quoted me.
He came back the next day and completed the job including additional tasks that I had asked him to do for an additional fee.
The work that he did was immaculate, the care he took around my home was meticulous.
I felt totally comfortable with him around my wife and kids.
This guy is truly 1 of a kind.
This is one of the few times where I felt I had actually under paid and the results were over delivered.
If I could hire this guy for my company I would.
If I could give him 10 stars I would.
If you are LUCKY enough to hire this guy for your project you will NOT regret your decision.
In the short period I met this guy he feels like a family friend.
If you need a handyman, look no further.
Hire HandmAndy (I told Andy I was going to call him that from now on:)

I called Andy yesterday (Saturday) to see if and when he could come over to install my new kitchen faucet.
Well...he came the very next day at 11 o'clock.
He quoted 2 hours and did it in just over an hour.
I also had him look at a door that leads to our backyard that was never staying shut and he fixed it in 2 minutes!
Wow!
I have added him to my "favorites" in my phone, as I will for sure be calling him in the near future.
I highly recommend Andy for any work you have around your home.

I couldn't get my sliding glass door closed this morning and didn't know what I was going to do being that I couldn't leave to go to work with it open.
I jumped online and started reading about handymen on Yelp and happened to come across Andy's page.
I had already been searching and calling for two hours when I stumbled upon it.
I called him immediately, after reading the reviews, and he answered on the second ring.
As it turned out, he was only a couple of blocks away and was here in ten minutes and was able to close it for me in a few seconds by lifting it up and pulling it forward.
I asked him how much I owed him and he said NOTHING.
I couldn't believe my ears.
I said, "Let me give you something, at least money for lunch!
" He said O.K.
He saved me today and now I know who to call for help with many other things I've been putting off around the house but didn't know who to call.
Thank you, Andy!
XXOO

I called Handy Andy after reading all of the glowing reviews on Yelp.
Unfortunately, my experience was nothing close to those I read.
I had several things around the house that needed repair and, after going over the details with one of the representatives (not Andy), an appointment was set up for the following day.
I reconfirmed the appointment time in the morning, then rearranged my work schedule (including two meetings) to make sure I was here to meet him.
The appointment time came and went - after an hour and a half, it was clear no one was showing up.
I left two messages (phone and email) to find out what had happened.
No one bothered to return my messages or apologize for the inconvenience.
Apparently, their time is more valuable than mine.

