Great night with great friends!!
Thank you so much to the mix crew for making last night awesome!!
Thank u Eric, Justin and Olivier for your great hospitality!
Mix at Mandalay bay/THEHotel really knows how to treat their guests like VIPs!!
Can't wait to go back again!

Had THEsuite with two queens for a two night stay for my friends bday and everything was perfect.
The location of the hotel is at the south end of the strip allowing an awesome view of the entire downtown Vegas if your facing north.
It's connected to the Mandalay Bay so you can enjoy the clubs and amenities of the entire resort.
Our room was on the 33rd floor with an incredible view.
The rooms are awesome with a huge bathroom with large soaking tub separate from the shower, his/her sinks, separate toilet room, and wall mounted tv.
The bedroom has his/her closets, floor to ceiling windows, and plenty of storage for all your clothes.
The separate living room has a nice large sofa, chair, desk, wet bar, floor to ceiling window, large LCD TV, and a separate half bathroom.
Everything was awesome at this hotel.
All the staff were extremely helpful and friendly.
The lobby smelled so good too!
Lol!

Great rooms, We had a living room and a bedroom with one and a half baths and even a TV in the master bath, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay for my boyfriends birthday.
A bit far to walk down the strip but the Mandalay Bay and the adjoining hotels have plenty to do.

Small but updated rooms.
Felt like European if you ask me.
If thus is what is available when trying to get something at the Mandalay Bay, don't sweat it, it's a great hotel.

I had a few of my friends come with me to check in to my room at The Hotel.
The staff gave me a selection of rooms to chose from and I selected the highest room with the best view (of course).
The said the room would be ready in 30 minutes and they would text me.
30 minutes went by quickly as we all sat and socialized about our plans in vegas.
30 additional minutes went by before I went up to the front just to check in.
They said sorry it will take Another 30 mins.
At this point I was frustrated, returning to check in on the eta of the room every 30 mins for another hour and a half.
We got there at 3 so that we could enjoy some pool time but The Hotel had no motivation to see us to our room in a timely matter.
We got to our room at 6 after being the only poor looking slumps waiting for their room for 3 hours!
Got to the pool and found out that there were more kids down there then any day at Disneyland.
Not a place for adults unless you pay $50 to get into morrea beach.
We had fun there at least.

I have stayed here twice now and I haven't been super impressed.
For an upscale hotel I was surprise by the lack of service.
1) what hotel charges for wine openers?!
I have stayed at hotels that are 3 stars or the hilton who offer wine openers for free.
It is Vegas!
Have a wine opener available.
I realize the mini bar has only twist off, but for what we are paying to stay at a fancy hotel, there is no excuse.
2) On the first night out, we went out for a taxi and had to wait 20 min for a van since there was 5 of us.
No problem.
We didn't mind the wait.
The bell desk was able to text or contact the Mandalay side and ask for a van cab.
So the next night going out, we called the service desk and ask for them to call a van cab for us since we didn't want to wait 20 min this time.
The service desk said they couldn't call the taxi...fine.
Then I asked if they could contact the be desk and ask them to call a van for or make sure there was one down there.
The said they could contact them.
I feel like for the caliber of hotel "the hotel" claims to be, they should be able to communicate to all parts of the hotel.
As customers, when you call down and they ask how assist you?and when you advertise the needs of the guest are priority, you don't want to be heard the answer no, or at least hear them say let me see what I can do.
Again, most hotels would be able to accommodate this.
I feel most taxi's go mainly to the Mandalay side and not as many go to "the hotel" and as result, you should be willing to accommodate.
Especially since we knew the bell cap was able to communicate with the taxi's on the Mandalay side or the dispatcher.
When we checked out, the service desk didn't even ask "how was our stay?.
" Printed the bill and asked how we wanted to pay.
It was only then that we brought up these concerns and she said the same things.... Again, what "high caliber" hotel says no, or doesn't say, let me see what I can do.
What made matters worse is all he construction noise you hear while talking to the service or at the service desk as well.
The hotel it self was fine, the room was big enough for 4 people, but one star for the poor service.
Will never stay here agin.
Would rather stay somewhere with better service!

I stayed here over Easter weekend and it was a mess.
I stayed here once before and it was great, maybe because it was a less busy weekend.
We planned a big bachelor/bachelorette weekend with 13 people coming to stay at this hotel.
When we arrived and checked in, our room was supposed to have two queen beds.
Our reservation stated two queen beds because we had four people staying in the room and needed the extra bed.
The front desk lady said that they didn't have any of these rooms available yet (even though we reserved one) and that they only had rooms with one king bed in it.
We were told that even though we select two queen beds when reserving a room, it is just a "preference".
This doesn't make sense at all because clearly my email states two queen beds.
This wasn't a huge deal because after about 20 minutes of arguing, they half-promised a room the next day with two queen beds.
Our other guests were arriving the next day so I only needed the one bed for the first night.
They promised that when our real room was available the next day they would come get our bags and move the bags into the correct room.
They also said that we could go to the Mandalay Bay and book there if we wanted.
What kind of business is that?
We pay extra money and reserve a nice expensive room and now we are told to go stay in the cheaper, older, and noisier Mandalay Bay.
Oh, or we can have cot sent up to our room.
Yes, because we want to pay $200 per night so two people can sleep on a cot.
The next day comes and instead of spending time at the pool or doing Las Vegas things, I spend an hour again at the front desk explaining the situation to a different person.
They finally tell us the room number that will be reserved for us and that it just needs to be cleaned.
We end up having to move our own bags to the new room because no one notifies us when the room is ready.
I have to go back to the front desk to find out if its done getting cleaned.
I also explained to them that our friends booked the exact same suite with two beds and they are coming later that day.
They again half-promised that they would get set up correctly in the right room.
They arrived around midnight Friday and low and behold, did not get the room they reserved.
They got set up in the incorrect room again because it's still overbooked at TheHotel.
They took the wrong room because they really had no choice at this point and one of the guests got a cot.
The next day comes and since they were the bride and groom, I argued on their behalf to the front desk agents.
Again, another hour of explaining to them that we booked multiple rooms all with two queen beds for this occasion.
Nothing was done to help us out or feel comfortable thinking that we would get our reservations taken care of.
Eventually, after arguing and complaining about how our reservation was never handled correctly, almost all of my guests ended up having to book a room at the regular Mandalay Bay.
We did this by walking over to their front desk and starting over.
TheHotel front desk couldn't even help with that.
Apparently it's common practice for TheHotel to overbook even though we paid a deposit and had paid over $1,000 for each room over four days.
12 guests, 6 rooms, you do the math.
With such a big investment into reservations you would think the reservation would hold something.
It reminded me a lot of a Seinfeld episode.
"You know how to take the reservation, but you don't know how to HOLD the reservation.
"  We were all supposed to have $75 credit for drinks but that never got subtracted to our bill.
It was part of the original reservation as a special New Years Getaway package that they sold but it never actually worked.
We complained again at the front desk when we checked out but they couldn't figure out math.
They said the $75 credit gets magically taken away on the bill and doesn't really show up.
Most of us that stayed in Vegas work in accounting as a living, and in order to show what was added or subtracted, we need numbers on a receipt.
They explained to us that it just doesn't show up.
What did show up was our drink charges though for ~$75 per room (the ones that actually stayed at THeHOtel).
The front desk people were the worst customer service reps.
I have encountered anywhere in Las Vegas.
For a city that is based around your customers, you need to straighten this out.
One complaint anywhere else and at least you get an apology, we never even got that.
Most places will give you free drinks at the bar.
My recommendation is to not stay here at all if you don't have to.
If it is a holiday weekend I would especially avoid the Mandalay Bay and The Hotel.
It is littered with children and it will def.
be overbooked.
Which means good luck trying to get the room you reserved months ahead of time.
Side notes - Why do people bring children to Las Vegas?
Half-promise = Customer service people claim that your room will be ready, although can not promise or guarantee it will be.

Booked the "O" Suite at The Hotel for surprise 80th birthday.
We booked the room about a month in advance.
After the 4.5 hour drive from LA, just wanted to kick it in the room and chill...It was about 4 pm, check in is 3 pm.
Now, the last thing you want to hear when trying to check in is "I'm sorry your room in not ready"...OMG!
I'm a little perturbed at this point.
We are spending $750 a night, prepaid, its now 4pm & room NOT READY!!
Wow.
We booked a total of 4 rooms, none were ready at 4pm.
A little disturbing since LV hotels are getting more strict as to check in time (now most are 4 pm) , but want you checked the hell out at 11 am!
Ostensibly to get room clean for next guest!!!!
Well???
Hotel employee was very helpful.
I realize it wasnt his fault, But it is hard not to take it out on people who are assisting you.
So, after some discussion back and forth, the nice person upgraded us to the "L" Suite...which was simply wonderful!
A beautiful suite with nice view and very acccomdating for the party of 18.
One issue, the TV near the jacuzzi tub was not working...Oh Well!
Our only issue with room...no refrigerator, no microwave, no utensils whatsoever.
Oh well, I dont understand why some of these accomodations are not included, Yes, you can rent them for $35, which we did for microwave.
All the personnel we came across at The Hotel were very nice and very inviting.
From the Valet staff, to the Desk Personnel, to the Housekeeping Staff...All were very nice to us, constantly greeting us and making us feel special.
Would I stay here again?
Yes!
We are re-booking for another birthday party...
I think the personnel make the difference here.
Nicely done...

Check in service was efficient dispute the long line.
There was about 30 people waiting and it took about 15 min.
Hotel staff was very friendly and the view from the room is spectacular.
The huge problem I have is the integrity after check out.
We ate a bag of nuts from the bar and was charged $45!
After almost 4 weeks I was charge again on my credit card $18.
I believes credit card was compromised at the hotel.
They sent me a survey and explained the incident with the credit card and they have yet to respond.
It's been 3 weeks!
Very upset and would recommend this Hotel at all.
They are lucky they had a star!!

THEhotel is amazing!
The views are incredible and the rooms are absolutely upscale boutique hotel quality.
It is located within walking distance of Mandalay Bay and several amazing restaurants.

not worth the price.
The Spa is great and quiet, but rooms are just ok and a distance from the pool casino, etc.
Will stay in Mandalay Bay next time

One of my favorite hotels in Vegas.
The rooms are pretty nice..  Love the shops, the clubs, the pool..
There is lots of great restaurants in the shops.. Last time I went and stayed was for a UFC event.
It was weidman vs silva.
They also had what I think was called "UFC fan expo" going on at that time.
Ran in to Jon "bones" jones in the lobby...cool as hell.
Even came to my room and chilled for a while.
You never know who you might run into.

