I saw Stephanie tonight at the Yelp Elite Beauty Bash at Benefit Cosmetics in Santa Monica.
I don't know if she was speaking to my spirit guides or if her spirit guides were able to tell her all those things about me but I couldn't believe how dead on she was with my reading.
She was truly amazing.
There have been some important decisions in my life that I've been struggling with and she gave me the clarity I needed.
Thank you so much, Stephanie!

Just got off the phone with Stephanie as she does do telephone readings.
I have had readings before and she seems ok.
Listened through all the usual stuff-looking good financially, health good, making a move (I have always been hearing from psychics that I am going to be making a move, hmm and I'm still 11 years at the same spot).
Stated a particular number of the number of people I am close with, she was right about that.
gave me advice to put away whatever amount of money I could whether it be $1 or $5, I will be approached with a business opportunity (the usual).
However, when it got to relationships (which is what I was really calling about), she pretty much described how I saw the situation.
I'm sure she picked up some voice inflection, but her description of the situation wasn't too shabby.
Of course she offered to help me with the situation which I immediately said "no" to.
Having been majorly scammed before.
She did say that some things will happen 9 mos to 1 year from now (which is the deadline I put on "the situation") so we'll see what happens.
I hope to remember to follow-up on this post.

I really enjoyed my reading with stephanie.
I truly hope everything turns out like she said it would.
Thanks Stephanie!

My first experience with Stephanie was at a haunted house.
I ended up having two readings with her that night and she said some things to me that I did not see coming.
For example, she told me that I was going to be experiencing some financial hardships as there was going to be a lawsuit against me.
At the time I had no idea what she was talking about.
Then I was hit with a lawsuit that I did not see coming.
Approximately a year later I finally settled.
It cost me $14,000.
Yikes!!
Stephanie also told me that I would be buying a house the following year.
She detailed how the house would feel to me and that I would almost not get it, but then things would be fine.
While I had been hoping to buy a house in the current year, because of the lawsuit it did not happen.
I ended up getting a house almost exactly in the time she advised me and it almost fell thru as she had described.
Since that time, I have returned to Stephanie for another tarot reading and psychic reading and more recently for a chakra clearing.
My least favorite line of Stephanie's is, "Do you want to hear the bad with the good" but hey what can you do.
That's life.
Honestly, I have no doubt she is psychic and the chakra clearing helped me more than I can even describe.
In the recent reading she advised me when I can expect to receive a new job and when I will meet someone special.
While there is no way to know for sure, time will tell.
I will try to remember to add a review when those times come.
Stephanie is kind and is gifted.
If you are having a tough time she can provide the direction that you may be looking for.
Thank you Stephanie.

I made an appointment after reading the positive reviews, so I made an appointment the same day.
I was compelled to write a positive review after the reading.
I've had over a handful of readings in my life, and have grown to become a bit skeptical.
All she asked for was an item of mine, my name, and birth date.
She didn't ask questions to get a better understanding, but went on with her reading.
She did a tarot reading and was on point.
Some things she brought up were relevant today, and other information was relevant to the future.
I left feeling good, and as if she wasn't BS-ing me.
I highly recommend you give her a try, even for the skeptics.
You may just leave a new believer ;-)

She nailed me, my recent past and people in my life.
We will see about whether she is as accurate with her future predictions.

Thank you Sunny & her team For being so awesome!
Love deeply  gina

