Awesome selections on juices, staff were helpful and patient, will be coming back for sure.

Very cool setup.
The guys are very nice and will answer any question you have.
Vaping is fairly new in AZ so lots of people are curious.
You can sample their entire line of e liquids (amazing selection btw) and you don't feel pressured to buy anything.
From beginner starter kits to advanced mods and accessories they got it.

The stores set up is amazing especially for a vape store I've been to a few and they are normally smaller, kinda tight about the size of maybe a master bedroom?
but this place has it right, being really spacious and open.
The staff is really knowledgable And know their juices and mods very helpful while I was making the transition from an ego-C I got from Buttout to the advance they carry in their displays.
With that being said I cant say I've seen any other places that has a wide variety of products for beginners to the more advanced like mechanical mods to rba's which most stores don't have.
Not to mention their juice selection is pretty extensive from mr good vape to halcyon .
Also it's worth mentioning when you make a purchase there they give you 10% off a snoh product at SNOH next door all you gotta do is show the receipt.
All in all id recommend this place to anyone and will continue to be a returning customer.

NICEST LOOKING VAPE SHOP I'VE EVER BEEN TO SO FAR  i'm a noob to the vape world, and their friendly, cool staff are very knowledgeable and helpful!
it's a high traffic business so it can get packed fast!
i love that they have a sample bar sooooo i know exactly what i'm buying before committing to anything.
they provide tips and vapes.
WILL RETURN AND RECOMMEND!
ONE STOP SHOP FOR ALL YOUR VAPE NEEDS!

This is a great shop with a great selection but when it comes to customer service and help they are sluggish.
I have gone here three times and each time waited longer than 10 minutes for help.
I asked to get my atty rebuilt and the build on it was horribly done.
As for their ejuice they got a wide selection of quality juice  Just an update, Jason was very helpful and nice!
Was helped immediatly when I walked in!

I've been vaping for close to a year now.
Ive gone through the "phases".
Starting with my Ego battery, giving me more of that cigarette look, and progressing now to rebuildable's and mechanical mods.
This shop caters to both!
Great selection of products for the beginner to the advanced.
This is THE nicest looking shop in the valley with a great setup.
The juices are described on their flat screen tv's right over their juice bar.
The juice selection is vast.
In price and selection.
Knowledgeable and friendly staff puts this brick and mortar above the rest.

Great looking store and a great selection of juice, but I've been to this store twice now and left with a bad customer experience.
We were trying out different flavors and multiple times, we tried talking to the guy helping us to ask for flavors or to tell him if one was leaking and he just blatantly continued texting right in front of us and waited until he was done typing to acknowledge us.
Who does that ?
Who texts in front of their customers AS they're asking questions ?
We left and went to Vape Escapes, where we always leave with a great customer experience, they even fixed our broken tank so we wouldn't need to buy a new one.

This place rules.
The first shop I've been to that doesn't sell clones.
I understand that not everyone is willing to spend $150 for an atomizer but some of us are so it's nice to be able to purchase one from a brick and mortar.
The 2 guys running the place were solid and knew their shit  which is a big plus.
I picked up some juice and a sweet vicious ant drip tip that matches my mod beautifully.
I highly recommend this place and will return.
5 stars all the way

My husband and i have been long time vapers and were so impressed with this business.
The atmosphere is chic and welcoming.
The staff were incredibly friendly and knowledgeable.
It is fastly becoming our favorite store for all things vape related.
Their juice selection is so large it's almost intimidating.
We happily recommend them to all our vaping friends and to anyone looking for a one stop shop for all their vaping needs.

I love this shop.
I've been to a few brick and mortar shops, because I prefer to support local businesses.
Unlike the others, this place is a technician's vape shop.
They have the equipment, wherewithal and knowledge that a new vaper needs, and a seasoned vaper is looking for.
I know they rebuild attys there, and I suspect they build mods there as well, which is pretty friggin awesome.
Their juices are a bit on the pricey side, but they are a cut above everything else I have purchased, so I don't mind paying the premium.
All in all, well worth the 15 minute drive.

I really have nothing to compare Vape Central to, but this is a cool little place.
Picture a hookah bar vibe, but all flavored liquids (made with vegetable oil I believe) smoked using an electronic base.
Now, I am not a smoker, but the husband occasionally smokes socially....which I dislike.
I don't like riding in the car with him after a night out when he smells like smoke.... this is one of the great benefits of the electronic cigarette... no smell!
great.
Additionally, I don't like having smoke in my face when out with friends... this fixes that problem as well.
So we went here yesterday and the people who work here were friendly and helpful.
They let us try a few different flavors to see what we liked.
The flavors ranged from fruity to minty to dessert -y... very wide variety.
The husband got all set up with the base, the charger, and a thing of liquid for 40$.... not bad.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a 'fancy' electronic cigarette or a new flavor of vape liquid.

Trying to quit smoking (finally), so a while back I bought a vape pen on a whim online.
They sent the wrong flavor with it (tobacco...ugh...might as well smoke the real thing if I'm going to vape that) so I used it a few times and gave up.
Well, my boyfriend has really been pushing the quitting thing again, so I told him if it was going to work I needed to get something I was actually willing to put in my vape.
Looked online for a bit for a place that was open Friday night and had good reviews and am so glad I found Vape Central!
They have SO many flavors, it IS overwhelming but the guys were really nice about letting me try the flavors, and it was helpful that they asked me how much I smoke and how often so they could make sure they had the flavor I wanted with the right nicotine amount in stock.
I will actually be sticking to it this time around it looks like.
:) Thanks guys, we will be back!

At the moment, I am the duchess of Vape Central, but I don't plan on coming back.
I was really impressed and excited about this sweet new Vape spot, but the more I frequented the more I realized this place sucks really.
At first glance, they have a large selection of juice... but really they fail at keeping juice stocked in different milligrams.
You want the Cran-Chi in 6 mg?
Oh too bad we only have it in 18.
This happened everytime I came in with every flavor I wanted.
What really chaps my ass is the pitiful customer service.
They are just kind of inadvertently rude as hell.
When I walk in please don't just stare at me like you've never seen a customer before and are totally baffled as to why I am there.
Instead try this... "Hi.
Can I help you find something?".
I bought a tank from them and it quit working in 2 days.
I came back to let them know.
Some dipshit tried to say it's only suppose to last 2 days.
LOL!
Even the other guy working turned and looked at him like yeah that's definitely not true.
So in conclusion, Vape Central you lost a customer who use to sing your praises.
See ya never again.
I'll be at Butt Out on 7th st & Virginia.

i love Vape Central :) the staff is great and so friendly!
the prices are reasonable, and they have a wide variety of juices :)

Absolutely AWESOME!!!!!!!!!
Guys are cool and they know so much about the industry and their products.
I am a regular now.

Really chill shop.
The guys there were cool they had all the juices I was looking for.
Because my first stop was the one in chandler they gave me a discount for coming to phx.
I appreciated it and will make the drive again :)

I want to love this place...but 9 outta 10 times I walk in, I walk back out empty-handed.
I live in the area, and I like their juice selections, so for some reason I keep giving them one more chance.
But for the life of me, I don't understand how after at LEAST 9 months of business...you don't know how or what to keep in stock.
And I don't just mean juices in specific mg's...I mean tanks, coils, batteries, EVERYTHING.
And lets talk "rewards" program...after finally getting to their top tier of points (which is no easy feat, considering you have to go in twice as much just to spend any money there - "sorry, we're out of it")...your choices of freebies consist of their cheapest in-house juice (bleh!
), or one bottle of no-name, NO NICOTINE juice from their fishbowl of garbage liquids.
When I asked how many more points I have to save up for the next reward (hoping it would be a little $$ off of the good stuff), I was told my only other option was a t-shirt.
Yeahhhhh, no thanks.
But they get 3 stars because:  *When they have juices in stock, flavors and quality are great.
*Veterans don't pay tax.
Although, it took them running my USAA card for 6 months before they noticed and enlightened me on this little perk.
*And somehow, someway, they are affiliated with Snoh (next door) and the Bolba Tea is rock'n!

I really like this place for one main reason: The staff are super helpful and have been surprisingly patient with me as a noob to the vape game.
They tell me exactly what I need to know and suggest upgrades when necessary and explain everything clearly.
I see lots of people stating they have a hard time keeping juices in stock, I have found this to be true, but I think this has more to do with a rising demand than an inept staff.
Will continue to buy juice and hardware there.

Always a good eliquid selection, probably of the biggest I've seen!
And very knowledgeable staff.

