We have been to Starbucks' all over the world and have never received such poor and SLOW service.
EVER.
We were excited to see one put in near our home and close to places we shop frequently.
Naturally we have visited about 5 times, giving it the benefit of the doubt, "they are new, they are training new staff, etc".
Last night we were in there, the only people in there and no greeting by any of the 4 employees.
we waited at the counter for 3 or 4 minutes before someone said they would be right with us.
took our order.
waited 10 minutes for them to make our drinks and they still came out wrong.
i wasn't going to bother to have them fix it because we didn't have the time to wait another 20 minutes!
Starbucks needs to take note that this location is giving them a bad name.

Yes, I rated a chain 5 stars and here is why...  My coffee maker, a french press, broke the week before SB opened.
My backup, a Keurig, died the next day - no warning just died, wouldn't even turn on.
SB has a drive through, I have two kids, dragging them in and out of their car seats is worse then glass in your eye.
:)  Those are the reasons I went to SB, but here are the reasons why I am giving them five stars.
My first two trips through the drive through, because of high volume and new equipment malfunctions (the phone scanner wouldn't scan my phone).
They didn't charge me for anything!
By the third time through the drive through they knew me and my order.
My husband had a similar experience.
We found the service exceptional.
The staff went out of their way to make sure we had a satisfactory experience.
Kudos to you Sun Prairie Starbucks.
I am glad you are here.

I was so excited when I heard that there would be a Starbucks at this location, as I'd been wondering about this large building on the corner.
I thought us crazy kids in Sun Prairie were getting the biggest Starbucks in the WORLD.
I was so wrong.
Starbucks is just a little bit of this building, the rest is still being finished and I haven't heard anything about what's going in there.
At any rate, I wanted to check it out but had already had my caffeine dose for the day so I went with a caramel steamer.
The guy at the counter was friendly, the woman over by the coffee machine was super-chatty (but in a fun way and I was in the mood for a little conversation), and my drink was perfect (I don't think steamers are very hard for the average barista but a review is a review).

Service is improving at this location.
Staff has always been friendly and courteous.
The location of this store is somewhat challenging during busy times.
Tight parking lot and narrow entry way makes it difficult to navigate around traffic.
Quality of the products are what you would expect from Starbucks.

SLOW service.
After twice suffering through  the drive-thru - SLOW - I thought it might be faster to park and go in.
Nope.
staff seem to be fluttering around without actually producing anything.
Plus much chatting among themselves and ignoring customers.
i thought it was startup adjustment but now I think they just cant get it together (or don't really care) .
too bad b/c it is a great location to stop between shopping destinations.

I no sooner give my order for a double shot espresso & it's delivered.
Eric & the crew are on top of their game.

There are several Starbucks in the area, this is by far my favorite.
Always friendly and professional.

We were very excited to have Starbucks Coffee near us in Sun Prairie and began visiting regularly.
The coffee is great.
The staff exceptional, and the layout very comfortable .Unfortunately  it ends there.
We found that the temperature is always set at freezing, winter and summer.
The music is so loud you can't here yourself think, or hold a conversation, and the genre is pop.
we tried sitting outside weather permitting only to find tables and chairs not yet cleaned from the winter.
We will continue to visit Starbucks because of the friendly staff and great coffee, but will sit outside, after cleaning the chairs and tables

I come here way too often for you to be fucking up my coffee the way they do.
EASY ICE, it's not that complicated.
I finally said something to the girl at the window, after having to scoop out ice, on more than one occasion.
She looked at me, dumbfounded, and continued to stare at me without any apology, "we'll try not to fuck it up next time" nothing.
Maybe she should work a little harder on her customer service and less on her tacky red lipstick .
I'll stick to the east side, for some reason sun prairie cannot handle the drive through AT ALL.
get it together, it's coffee, not rocket science, and I'm not ordering some fluffy drink with twelve steps either.

