Open 24 hours a day.
Carna asada burrito is pretty good, along with there cheese enchiladas.
Hits the spot when your on the run and craving some mexican food.
Salsa bar is nice also.
prices are moderate.
Definitely better then some other Roberto's I have been to around town.

This is my favorite Roberto's location!
They have the best tasting food and the most friendly staff!

So I ain't really like this location I was already not having a good day and I could have sworn I said Carsada fries not nachos she could have done good customer service and  traded them in but she was being rude and was like sorry u have to take these or buy some more hell naw grr just not my day.

Woooooorrrrssstttttttt robertos ever  I promise u. I come down here for drive thru and these bastards about 98% of the time never give me what I asked for!!
!I always have to check the food and drive back because of missing items.
The bathroom is untidy and unkept and they don't really care about messing up your order.
I have been to some messed up robertos but the consistency with this one is what kills me.
Consistent at messing my order up without fail,no apology just like o well.
This is the last time!!!
They don't deserve even one star!!

This was my favorite Roberto's to go to until the quality and customer service went to the dumps... what happened :( ... the lady at the drive tru does not pay attention and has screwed up our orders several times we are over it not to mention the health department needs to visit this location its pretty dirty inside so we will no longer use this Roberto's till they clean up their act.

I always get the no 4 two beef tacos rice and beans.
On a suggestion from a friend I tried the carne asada burrito.
WOW this thing is fantastic.
For the first time I was asking for more of the other ingredients other then beef crazy I know.
But this thing is awesome.
Have tried beef tostada, bean tostada, chicken rolled tacos, beef rolled tacos, beef nachos, chicken tacos, cheese enchiladas everything is really good.
Life hack the nachos are so big they get soggy.

