Went in today because they looked like they were open and got the chicken karraage, dragon roll and baked lobster roll.
Everything was really good and served pretty quick.
Definitely worth checking out if you want some sushi on this side of town, where there doesn't appear to be too many places serving it.

SO good.
The staff was so precious and helpful and the sushi was DELICIOUS.
Especially for the price!

Opened 2 months, this place is exactly what I expect from a fast Japanese restaurant.
Prices are good and not overpriced like Kawaii Japanese restaurant.
Food was delicious.
I had salmon Bento box, $10.95 and well worth every penny.
It came with salmon, rice, tempura vegetables, (unexpected) pieces of chicken fried with sweet sauce, a little potato salad, salad, and a fruit (cantaloupe).
So good!
I might even stop on the way home to pick up some dinner it was so good.
I recommended it to 2 coworkers already today.
It is a lot more Japanese and the menu far more extensive than the competitor Yogi's across Happy Valley Rd.
I would say this is like a fast version of Sakana Sushi on 59th Ave & Loop 101.
5/5 stars for sure.
I hope they start advertising and getting more people in there because it's hard to see it unless you drive right by.
It's next to L&L Hawaiian which was closed for just today, so that made me try Bento Box.
Timing is everything sometimes.
The food is a lot more healthy than (still delicious) L&L Hawaiian.

So this place is a Korean-owned Japanese restaurant.
I guess it doesn't matter as long as they know how to make the food, right?
The hubs went to order as the boy and I sat at a table.
The hubs and the guy at the register hit it off and did some small talk - he was really friendly.
We ordered 2 of the ramen noodle bowls.
It took about 15-20 before they came out.
The bowl was just okay.
Nothing too tasty and a little bland.
I wish they didn't have the wooden chopsticks that you break apart to eat the ramen - it definitely didn't make the ramen taste any better.
We will come back and try out the sushi next time and who knows, maybe their ramen will be better, too.
It's a new place so we'll give it another try.

A good place for lunch, don't get me wrong.
The ladies up front were very pleasant and friendly offering good suggestions for what to try.
Hubs had sush - spicy tuna, salmon and crab (so I could try it being preggers).
Nothing earth-shattering but tasty none-the-less.
My bento box was well portioned and more than enough.
Everything was good, filling and flavorful - I had spicy pork, which was a little oily but still tasted great.
The panko sides were good, the potato salad seemed odd but perhaps that's bento standard and I loved the sesame dressing on the green salad.
My favorite was and always will be the sushi made just right with extra wasabi and ginger per my liking/mixing.
Yum.
Soon enough, sushi, soon enough.

Very good!
I had the chicken curry bowl and it was delicious.
Friend had the Korean BBQ box and she said it was yummy!
Will be back for sure.

Came here on a whim for lunch and didn't know what to get.
We've been back twice because it was so good.
I ordered the  spicy Pork bulgogi bento.
Everything that came with it was wonderful, the salad has been super fresh and crispy, I love the dressing that comes with it, very light soy type of dressing.
The tempura veggies are super fresh and crispy.
I loved the spicy pork.
Not too spicy, just enough kick.
Like Taylor Momo's review, there were a few things unexpected that came with it, and everything tasted amazing.
I don't leave there over-stuffed and in a food coma which is detriment to sitting at a computer all day, but I left feeling full and satisfied.
I'm happy to have a new fave place for lunch!

Horrible service and bad food.
My salmon sashimi was fishy and their California rolls tasted like something you would get from a convenience store.
Do not go here!!!!!

Stopped n to get lunch to go.
Took my order and went to eat n my car when i noticed their was no soy sauce n the bag so i jogged back n to ask 4 the soy sauce and the intresting lady working the floor whom i got the honor to watch while i was waiting 4 my order asked what u need ????
I said can i get some soy sauce their was none n the bag and she say's - it b  25 cents , YES,  u heard me correctly - 25 cents......
I'm thinkin okkkkkkk that's weird- ASIA food= soy sauce- so w/o question i gave her my 27 cents after tax  and jogged back out to my car to eat my lunch while i was laughing my a%# off....
I guess i culd have opened the box and poured the FREE soy sauce from the table on my food :}  I will give the restaurant a HIGH rate on the food, it was very,very good !!
Looking 4ward to my next visit & bringing xtra quarter n case i want two soy sauces :}:}

I needed a sushi fix and this was the closest thing Google sent me to.
It was alright.
Service was fine.
I ordered a sashimi salad and a couple of their signature spicy rolls... Rolls look great BUT,  mouth watering anticipation is met with disappointed taste buds, sadly.
Kinda bland, spicy rolls not really spicy & the sauces are too much of a simple cheap mayo taste and trust me, I love my mayo but this was a no-go.
Skip it and go to Ah-So right across the street but if you must, like I said, it's alright.
Whomp, whomp, whomp.

First time visit.
My hubby wanted a coffee from Starbucks and we had a horrible lunch in Scottsdale several hours earlier so I was left hanging.
I decided to waddle over and get a roll.
I asked the waitress for a suggestion.
She asked me how I like it and concluded that the Climax roll would be appropriate.
It was great.
I sat outside while my hubby enjoyed his coffee with me.
The service was good.
My check with a tip was $15 which is reasonable to me.
I will be back.

