Ok.
So I just discovered this restaurant yesterday.
My boyfriend got me lunch from here and I won't lie, I wasn't super thrill about it because of the lack of good Chinese restaurants in Vegas.
I have to say I was amazed!
The shrimp fried rice was very flavorful filled with shrimp in every spoonful and the orange chicken was MOSTLY  chicken, not breading with a splash of chicken, in a delicious sauce, not syrup.
The food was so good i gained my appetite back for Chinese food in Vegas.
I also went to the restaurant to thank the owners for the food and suggest yelp.
Because Mom and Pops aren't too savvy about these things, I decided to do it for them.
That is how good this place is!
I should also add that the fortune cookie is very old school, filled with words of wisdom, Chinese tutoring, and my lucky numbers!
I wonder what's the jackpot right now?

love love love the Singaporean rice noodle curry :)...and the owners are very nice and pleasant..Hope they will get more customers because they deserve it :)

This is a small fast food restaurant near Smiths and Big 5 on Flamingo and Buffalo.
I have been here a few times and the dishes have always been good.
My favorites here would be the lunch special General Tsao Chicken and the Singapore Rice Noodles.
Price is about $7 for a lunch special and $9 to $10 for dinner including tax.
The portions are large enough for a big hungry guy (as I often am).

This place is about two mins away from my house so I decided to try it out.
I was a bit skeptical at first because the previous owner/restaurant was horrible!!
But my brother told me about the new owners so I decided to try it out and I'm glad I did.
I ordered the beef & broccoli, the spicy wings and the pad Thai.
Not only was the food delicious but the service is so sincere and genuine.
I definitely recommend this place!

OMG!!!
We are so happy to finally find great Chinese food here in Vegas which is almost unheard of.
This has to be the best kept secret in Vegas!
We took a chance on this place and were pleasantly surprised.
The first thing you will notice is the extremely kind older lady who is waiting on you.
I would adopt her as my grandmother any day!
I assume she and her husband own the place?
The second thing you will notice is that the place is extremely clean and that they advertise and cook all their food without the dangerous ingredient that is banned in most other countries, MSG!
Most all Asian restaurants use this dangerous ingredient and it's great to know that someone actually cares about the quality of food they are serving and the health of their patrons.
The third thing you will notice, is that they only have two large tables and three small tables as the majority of their business is take out.
However, we elected to dine-in but I'm married.
If you're single this may not be the place to take your date as the ambiance is more like you would expect from a take out place than a restaurant.
However, if you don't mind simplicity and want great food for great prices this is your place!
We had the Orange chicken and the Pepper Beef.
And, let me tell you both were good but the Orange Chicken is the best I have had, even better than the famous Chang's Spicy Chicken at PF Changs.
I have never seen such huge chunks of quality white meat with just enough breading.
(I would highly recommend getting the Orange chicken with a little spice added to it and you will hit a home run!).
Also, the portions are HUGE.
Easily enough to feed one man and one woman.
So, an awesome dinner for two for $8 ( two men will need two entrees $16)...where else in Vegas can you pull that off?
The only negative I have is that everything is served in plastic containers.
I understand that for take-out, but when I eat in, I would like real dinnerware.
However, considering all the other positives, this is a minor negative that we can live with.
We ate here for the first time yesterday and we are on our way back today for more Orange Chicken:)

I ordered the Mongolian Beef with fried rice and one egg roll lunch special.
When you order a lunch special you have an option of fried rice, steamed rice and a side of egg roll or egg drop soup.
It's filling!!!
I can tell you that.
I was thinking they had Thai tea or something but no!
): i find it weird how they didn't have a drink selection on the menu.
They actually have this small fridge and they do carry; Pepsi  Diet Coke Brisk Gatorade  7 Up Orange juice  Sprite  Bottle water Dr. pepper  All in a can or bottle.
Overall, the place is good.
Food is good and filling.
I'll come back to try something different.

