Fired Pie just opened today.
Chock full of happy friendly employees on their first day of work.
As they describe it...and it basically is...a pizza/salad version of Chipotle.
$7.75 gets you a pizza loaded with (literally) as many toppings as you want.
They have 6 types of cheese, 6 types of sauce, 10 meats, 14 veggies, and fresh herbs to choose from.
You go down the line and pick what you want and they load up your pizza in front of you.
The pizza crust is super thin, and my pizza was in and out of the oven (and on my table) in under 3 minutes.
There was no line when I got there so I have no idea how quick you'll get your pizza if there's a crowd.
I came at lunch, and there were 3 other patrons there at the time.
Seems like a pretty user friendly way to pick up a quick custom pie if that is what you are looking for.
My total lunch with a drink came to over ten bucks, so it's not an everyday budget lunch type of place.
They also offer custom salads for the same $7.75.
As far as the pizza goes, all of the ingredients were super fresh (well...it is opening day) and the pizza tasted great.
If you are a fan of thin crust, then this place might be for you.
The crust cooks up to a nice crisp, but not too crisp texture.
I'd characterize the tomato sauce on the sweet side, not spicy at all, so I'll definitely wnt to spice it up with some spices next time.
The first visit is probably a little bit overwhelming with all of the choices, and I wonder if this place might suffer from the same problem that Chipotle does, when it gets crowded, it's basically a single-file production line that can bog down if someone in line has a big order or is indecisive.
I had performance anxiety and basically ordered my typical stand by for pizza, most exotic thing I got on it was buffalo chicken.
Next time I'll be more adventurous.

OUT-STANDING!
This is 11" of awesomeness, your own custom pizza pie, created with excellent ingredients, cooked in record time (3.5 minutes they say, which is about what it took), served with a smile.
At $7.75 per pie, no matter how many toppings you add, it's a screaming bargain considering the overall quality of the ingredients and finished product.
I had a fairly basic Hawaiian job for my first taste, and it RULED.
I'll get a bit more adventurous moving forward - there are so many ingredients available, which you can add or mix to your stomach's desire.
The pie was just the right size to handle my very large appetite.
The beverage selection was great - the usual array of sodas, plus 4 different types of fresh-brewed iced tea, and even what appeared to be fresh lemonade.
This was only Day 3, and the owners were chatting up all the customers, wanting to make sure everyone was happy, and clearly know exactly what they're doing and how to be successful.
This is a great concept, executed perfectly.
Fired Pie immediately shoots to the top of the office lunch rotation.
Trust me, fellow Yelpers, this is the real deal.
Head over to Fired Pie at warp speed and give it a try - you won't regret it!

Wow!
What a great place!
To be brutally honest, I was expecting a mediocre pizza, produced with a very interesting business idea, being that I could build it myself.
I couldn't have been more wrong.
The quality of everything they offered was top notch.
Furthermore, the staff was very helpful and friendly.
I will be going back ASAP.

These guys just opened and have a killer idea.
Custom pizza's while you wait, and they are very good!!!
They were also kind enough to donate their Grand Opening proceeds to Chandler Gilbert Arc.
This shows not only great pizza at a great price ($7.75 for 11" pie), but also a terrific sense of community-mindedness.
We will definitely be back!!
Thank You!!
Billy Parker Executive Director for Chandler Gilbert Arc www.cgarc.org

Hmmm.
Bait and switch?
Got a flier from a representative from this place and they won't honor their advertisement.
It's says that you get a custom pizza and salad made from scratch all at a respectful price of 7.75 I thought that was a great deal until I called and the guy who answered said it was either or not for both.
Sucks because I heard that their pizza is not bad but I'm not going to spend my hard earned money at a place that won't honor their mistakes.
Good luck Fired Pie.

The best thing about this place is the quality  and freshness of the ingredients.
Pizza was surprisingly delicious.
My girlfriend loves that they offer fresh mozzarella and spicy sausage.
I was impressed by their overall customer service and friendliness.
We've been here twice in the past week, and each time our pizza was great.
Customizing your own pizza for one low price of $7.75 is unheard of, especially given the quality.
I Will definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves pizza.
Try it out and don't be shy to add multiple toppings, it's only $7.75 regardless of how many toppings you choose.

Worth the wait!!
I live near this location at Ray & 101 and have been watching anxiously for it to open.
Saw it was open for business tonight and stopped in with my two teenagers... Everyone was able to customize their personal pizza just the way they wanted and It was AWESOME!
The kids said it was the best pizza they ever had!
I like to "gourmet" mine up and keep it healthy - so easy to do with grilled chicken, spinach, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, sun dried tomatoes and jalapeños.
The  pizzas cooked quickly and were still nice and hot when we got home.
The crust was delicious and uniformly cooked to a golden brown.
LOVE Fired Pie - This will be our new regular carryout spot!
PS - They also serve CHINA MIST TEA - in several flavors... this is getting harder to find as more restaurants "cut costs" and switch to a lesser brand of tea.

I love a custom food joint!
Everything is made to order!
A friend of mine split a salad and a pizza and it was the perfect lunch!
The custom pizza is an awesome deal - all the toppings you want for 7.75... What an amazing deal!
I'll be back... A lot!

love this place so much!!!
the owner is so kind and all the workers make the best pizza i've ever had.
hope this place goes big because the idea is great and their product is delicious!!!
7.75 for an 11" pizza is a steal!
def recommend for pizza lovers and all you hungry peeps :)

So glad I live right down the street!
Delicious, fresh, made-to-order pizza.
I hope they stick around for a long time.

Fired Pie is a cute little make-your-own thin crust pizza place, where you go down the line and add toppings as you go (like at a Chipotle's).
The pizzas are 11" or personal sized, and for $7.75 with unlimited toppings you can't beat the price.
Also since they're thin crust, it only takes about 5 minutes for the pizzas to come out of the oven and to your table or in a to-go box.
The only trouble is that this place is tucked away in the corner of a strip mall, and sits right next to a Paradise Bakery and a Qdoba's.
So parking can be a little tough at certain times of the day.

Sooo good!
The crust is super thin just how I like it.
Great concept.
So many options to choose for your pizza!
I'm addicted!

Overall, my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our experience here.
The pizzas were excellent, we were satisfied with our salad (not bad, but not amazing...
It's a salad) and the staff was on point.
I noticed the manager and staff members "table touching".
The ordering/payment location is a bit crammed, I bet it's annoying when they are busy.
The other thing I saw people struggling with is whether they sit at a table or order from the counter.
Nothing is clearly marked, not everyone has common sense.
We'll definitely be back.

Good simple fresh.
Not ny style.
Be careful cause it looks wood fired and that tends to make very crispy pizza.
I asked to make mine not too crispy.
Comes o ut qu I c k.  Worth a try

Really great!
Delicious and fresh pizza, low prices, friendly employees, definitely recommend it for good quick pizza!

Went here by chance tonight and was a nice concept and was really excited to try it and when got home realized my pizza was horribly under cooked .
It was pretty bad and no matter how much I tried I couldn't salvage it so I'm a little disappointed but I will still try it again and just ask that it be baked a little longer

First time here.
Pizza is super yummy.
Kind of reminds me of Chipotle in that you make your own pizza at the window and they cook it.
Crust is light thin crust...yummy!!!
Lots a ways to make a pizza...I had Italian meaty...very meaty!

Great place and great prices!
Very happy with the service and the pizza was awesome.
Very impressed with how fast you guys were able to keep up with all the orders!
cant wait to go back

This place is awesome.
I've been here a few times a week since it opened and everything I've tried is amazing.
Cheap, fast and perfect pies.

My daughter and I really wanted Grimaldi's but didn't want to drive that far (or spend that much).
We thought we would give this a try hoping it would be a good compromise.
We both ordered the tomato basil and I added spinach while my daughter added bacon and pepperoni.
Everyone working was very nice and pleasant but they didn't quite seem to have the best system figured out yet.
The guy putting the sauce and cheese on didn't tell the next guy what I ordered so the basil was skipped on both our pizzas.
No big deal, I will just pay more attention next time.
The first guy I ordered with noticed it after they cooked and offered to fix it but I insisted it wasn't a big deal.
I appreciated the fact he said something (most people probably wouldn't say anything).
Now for the pizza.... OMG this was really really good!
And I mean really good!
The ingredients tasted really fresh and the pizza was a really good size.
Without a doubt we will be back and I will be telling friends and co-workers about it.

Great new place for gourmet pizzas !
Absolutely loved the assortment of toppings you can build the pizza with.
Have always been looking for a place like this and finally got one !
And they are affordable too.. Just $7.75 (any pizza) !

I dig this place.
I love the thin crust crispy deliciousness and this place fits the bill.
They have a variety of prepared recipes and you can create your own masterpiece if you choose.
There are a lot of different sauce and topping options.
They have fresh mozzarella and several other kinds of cheese.
For an eight dollar pizza you can't do better than this.
Not in this town, anyway.
They also have four different kinds of brewed iced tea.
which is cool.
Check it out.
I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Don't forget to order it extra crispy!

Wow excellent pizza, highly recommended.
You're gonna like this place, excellent service, nicely priced!

I was tasked with catering a group lunch for 12 people with a very small budget.
I chose Fired Pie as everyone could order their own personal pizza or salad.
I sent the menu out to all, and then collected the orders and emailed them to the general email (info@firedpie.com) and with a short time received a personalized response from Fred at the Raintree Ranch location confirming my order.
When I arrived at the store, the pizzas were just coming out of the oven and were being boxed individually with our names on the boxes (made it SOOO easy for me!).
The pizza stayed crispy for my 10 minute drive back to the office and everyone commented on how fresh and delicious the pizzas were.
I will definitely order Fired Pie for a group lunch again.
The cost was less than $9 a person and most people had leftovers.
YUM!

Yum Yum Yum!
Your own custom personal pizza in minutes!
Loved the crust, loved the selection of toppings and the customer service was great!

My brother and I stumbled into this place randomly and it was amazing fresh pizza.
They havr so many toppings and truly let you customize to make it your perfect pie.
The pizza was amazing and I plan on going back soon for sure.

This is a heavy rotation item on the revolving wheel of locations on my "eat lunch with coworkers" list.
I like the concept.
Sorta like Chipotle for pizza.
You can make your pizza exactly as your heart desires.
You choose all your ingredients and they bake the pizza for you.
As far as I recall, no matter what you add, price doesn't change.
Lately I've actually been getting less ingredients because it is a lot of food for one sitting.
Crust is really thin.
Sometimes it gets a little burnt but for the most part they got it right the dozen or so times I've been here.
Management even bent over backwards a few times I've been here when a coworker's pizza didn't come out exactly the way they ordered it.
The idea is pretty damn good and I would be very surprised if they don't open more locations in the near future.
Located in the Raintree Ranch mall at the southeast corner of Ray and North Price Road in a clusterfork of a mall designed by dyslexic insomniacs on peyote.
I've been to the same location once before in it's previous life as Luke's Of Chicago with the same bunch of coworkers who all decided that the food was pretty much meh except for their onion rings - which were awesome.
Unfortunately onion rings alone couldn't keep the place in business - but that's actually a win for the rest of us as well as for the folks who work at that Fired Pie location.

Hands down one of the best pizzas I've ever had, and only 7.75 for a "11 with all the toppings you want?

Awesome!!!
My husband and I came here tonight, from Missouri and visiting parents.
I would absolutely recommend it to anyone --date night, etc.!
The service was excellent, positive and upbeat.
The food was great, and the crust was crispy with good flavor.
We split a salad (yummy dressings) and each got a pizza, and had about half a pizza and no salad leftover between us.
Tried the pesto, tomato and garlic sauces, all good.
Meats fresh, veggies good.
Only thing I would change is to offer fresh (vs pickled) jalapeños.
Great value!

I really enjoy the concept, really LOVE the simplicity, and am comfortable with the price.
Give it a try.
If you like thin pizza - you'll love this crust!

Love this place.
Casual and easy great for a work time lunch.
The worst thing about it is parking as it is right next to a busy Paradise Cafe.
The good news is that you can park in the greater shopping center parking.
I have been here twice now.
First time a co-worker and I split an Italian salad and a pesto chicken pizza with added mushrooms.
It was delicious.
The 2nd time today I had to choose one or the other and went with the southwestern  chicken salad with the dressing on the side.
It actually reminds me of Oreganos Pablo Picasso salad (one of my favorites).
Different chicken of course but somewhat same flavors with the peppers, onions and jalapeños on it and a much more manageable size for one person.
I do wish they offered a pizza and salad combination for a singular person,  maybe in the near future?
I also love that they have four brewed ice tea options with two of them being green tea.
New favorite!

So there is this amazing pizza place called Pizza Press outside of Disneyland.
It is one of my must haves when I visit.
Imagine my joy when I walked into Fired Pie with the same concept and deliciousness but without the almost 400 mile drive!
The toppings are fresh and choices are plentiful so even the picky eater can find something.
The reg tomato pizza sauce isnt spicy and it isn't sweet ( if I want sweet I will buy dessert!!).
The only thing is to tell them is to not over cook the pizza cuz it can easily get charred.
If you arent a pizza person or need more than just pizza, the salads aren't to be missed.
I ordered just a plain ceasar salad and it was awesome!
The lettuce was crisp and fresh.
They didn't overpower it with either cheese or dressing.
It wasn't premade and dumped in a bowl or packaging to just serve up.
Another plus is that it is definitely big enough to share if you are with someone and you are each having a pizza.
All said and done, this is a place that I hope stays in the neighborhood for years to come!

Well Happy New Year everyone!
I was in the area and remembered there was a Luke's of Chicago nearby.
Sadly, to paraphrase Shakespeare's Hamlet: "Alas, poor Luke (Yorick)!
I knew him" well!
Seems the Chicago dog placed closed a while ago, replaced with the 5 minute pizza place Fired Pie.
We have a Fired Pie up on Northsight in Scottsdale.
It too has moved into a former Chicago dog place, in that case Al's Beef.
I arrived around 1:45 and had only a few folks ahead of me in line.
I ordered their Tomato Basil (see photos) adding sauté onions and mushrooms.
It came to only $7.75 which has to be a steal.
There was a nice amount cheese and sauce, with a hint of garlic.
It had a nice flavor and made me think of more expensive pizza places like Pomo's Cucina.
The only drawback is that it's an "ultra thin" pie which they press out ahead of time (again see photos).
On the plus side, Fired Pie also has a small wine and beer list  So Four Stars, and yes I am a Fan.

I have eaten at two locations now, this one and Park Central in downtown Phoenix.
It's an amazingly simple concept, you custom build a pizza (think Chipotle) and it comes out of the oven in about 5 minutes.
The toppings are fresh and good quality, and I really like the super-thin crust.
I miss Luke's of Chicago, which used to occupy this space, but the wonderful pizza is helping me get over the loss.
A solid 4 star rating!

Went for lunch today.
Arrived about 11:15 only one other table in the store when we arrived.
Staff was friendly and prompt.
Ordered our pizzas and sat down.
No lemon slices for water which was a disappointment.
Pizza arrived about 10 minutes after sitting down.
Very good crisp crust and toppings.
Restaurant was full by 11:45 when we were leaving.
For 16.00 lunch for two  Great price.
We will return again

Being from NYC I was skeptical to try the pizza.
The cool thing, for one decent price, you make it the way you want walking them through the process.
I had pesto sauce,  reg.
mozzarella,  buffalo mozzarella,  fontina, spinach and kalamata olives.
It was delicious.
One of the best I've eaten west of NYC.
Thanks for reading.
The Bike Chaplain

very good

I am vegetarian and this place  is good for veggie guys too.
They will  make custom pizza as per your test.
I like it.

Went to lunch around 2:00 with a friend.
We ordered a pizza and a salad to share.
They split the salad for us in the kitchen.
My friend accidentally ordered the wrong salad and the manager said he'd make her a new one.
It was her fault, not his but he did the right thing and made his customer happy.
Pizza was delicious too.
We had the pesto chicken pizza, southwest salad and steak/blue cheese salad.
All were yummy.
Will definitely come back.

Very very very good pizza.
I picked what I wanted on it, they slapped it on there and tossed it into the oven, all in front of me.
5-10 mins later it's in my hand, then chronologically in my mouth and stomach.
I am definitely coming back here.

Must try!
Great concept, it's like a subway for pizzas.
Crisp crust, any toppings and cheeses you want.
Then for the price, great value.
Def going back for sure.

Love it, will be eating there more often.
Great vibe, clean and friendly.
You can make your own pizza, enough said!

I was on my way to Qdoba which used to be next to this place but it went out of business.
Not wanting to drive anywhere else I decided to give Fired Pie a try and wow am I glad I did.
the ingredients are great I got the Italian pizza and you can choose it you want it spicy or mild which I thought was great.
And it baked super fast too I really like the oober thin crust.
This may very well be my new favorite pizza place.
I went in for lunch Monday as well that's how much I liked it haha.
my only complaint is that I wish they had more seating, the inside seating can get pretty full really fast especially during the lunch rush.
And there is a minimal amount of outside seating.

Hot diggity folks, I loved lunch here today!
1st time visitor, I tagged along with a group of guys from work, and was really pleased.
I had a bbq hawaiian pizza, and a soft drink and it was roughly 10 bux for the whole deal.
The pizza was aweome!
Thin crust and delicious, just like I like it.
I already located one closer to home, so I'll definitely be stopping by there with the wife the next time we are on the mood for great pizza.

Pesto Chicken is amazing, add some artichoke too.
This place is an exciting new find!
Look forward to many more visits.

Simple, quick, very tasty.
I was skeptical about what the quality would be like with so many meat and cheese choices.
Everything was very good....condiments, cheese, sauce, crust.
What more could you ask for?
This local franchise is gonna soar.
My only suggestion is that they need to install a PA system and maybe a number system...the lady delivering the pizzas yelled my name and it happened to sound like my wife yelling at me so I cringed for a quick second.
Yelling out the customer name made the scene seem chaotic when it did not need to be.

I love the idea of a pizza place where you can customize your own personal size pizza and have it ready in just a few minutes.
Unfortunately, I found it much more appealing in theory than in practice.
Going down the assembly line was very chaotic; since they place was so crowded they were really trying to hustle.
The counter for the toppings was kind of a mess and I found it a little unappetizing to watch the plastic gloved hands dipping in and out of all of the bins.
There was a lot of cross contamination going on.
The meats were also not very appealing since they were mostly ground up into a crumble (presumably so it would heat up faster).
I did enjoy the capricola ham but my hubby was pretty disappointed in the unidentifiable meat they referred to as "steak".
The dining area was equally crowded and messy.
There isn't really any organization to the way they have set up the tables and chairs... they are just kind of thrown together in the middle of the room and it is very difficult to maneuver between them.
We opted to sit outside but I am sure the booths would be comfy on a day with less people there (not many of those so they were all taken).
The pizza was actually pretty tasty but not good enough that I would go out of my way for it.
But if I needed a fast food lunch then I'd choose this over a burger place any day.
I would not come again for dinner though... it is definitely not a sit down dinner type of place.
I may give them another shot after the new restaurant buzz dies down.

Good personal pie you create while standing in line (like a gourmet Subway for pizza's).
Also is fun for the kids to create their own pizza pie!
Not the absolute best pizza around, but definitely worth a try.
I will be going back when in the area.

Been here twice now and, overall, I'm a fan.
They do a good job getting the pizza out quickly but at the right temperature (smart that they use thin crust only).
They make sure to know in advance what you're going to put on the pizza so they don't overload it.
Price is good.
I do agree with some of the reviews, though, that their system for keeping track of everything needs work.
I've only been here when there aren't many people, but I can't imagine that having the cashier write down everything on your pizza as you order it is the best way to go.
As an aside, when I was here I overheard the owner/manager talking with someone who seemed like a regular.
At one point one of them commented: "This is pretty smart.
If you don't like your pizza, you only have yourself to blame.
" I have to say that I kind of agree.

Great place for a quick custom pizza!
Custom is the key word.
You select regular or gluten free crust (unfortunately they only have one size, an 11 inch individual), then you get to pick the sauce (red, white, olive oil / garlic, etc).
The selection of toppings is very good (no anchovies, but honestly who orders anchovies on a pizza anyway?).
They have the standard pepperoni, sausage, meatball and for the more adventurous salami,  capicola, bacon) and a garden of veggie toppings and cheese.
All this and a drink for about $10 and it's ready in less than 10 minutes.
Great place for a quick pie!

All pizza places seem to feature design your own pizzas, Fired Pie just seems to do it better.
You start with a crust (pretty good size for an individual pizza--maybe about 10") and you select your sauce, cheeses (my favorite is the fresh mozzarella), and toppings (meats, vegies, herbs, etc.
) from the counter in front of you.
Pay $7.75 and something like 5 minutes later, your pizza is delivered to your table.
The best parts are the speed and the fact that the pizza is really quite good.
The worst part is wondering why someone else (like me) didn't think of this concept first.
While the Fired Pie concept is new, I fully expect that there will be several imitators in the not very distant future.
Give this place a try.
You won't be disappointed.

Here's what I didn't like, Gorgonzola cheese on my pizza.
Now, here's what I loved: * customize your own pizza * thin pizzas perfect for lunch * 4 flavors of iced tea * patio seating in the shade * I could TRY Gorgonzola on just a small part of my pizza  Here's the thing, I don't care for Gorgonzola cheese on my pizza, but I didn't have to waste an entire pizza on it.
I can try 4 different cheeses and 15 different toppings, a few different sauces and oils and probably (I haven't asked) all on different portions of the same pie!!
I'm not going to do it, so let me know if YOU do.

what a concept.
What quality.................and all for a VERY FAIR price.
It's the subway of pizza's.
you pick your crust, sauce (4-5 kinds) cheeses (5-6 kinds) or have them all.
Choice of about 12 meats (or all) and choices of about 20 vegtables (have them all)  no matter if you order a cheese pizza or a 5 cheese with 10 meats and 5 veges...........the price is still $7.75  Owner very engaged.
they do the same with salads too.
HIGHLY RECCOMMEND,   a MUST

This lil gem is somewhat hidden, but so worth the visit.
This is a subway meets pizza shop.
They offer salads but we opted for pizza.
They even offer gluten free crusts.
I chose the original crust with red sauce, fresh mozzarella, Parmesan, fontina cheeses, kalamata olives, spinach, sin dried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, sautéed onions, and mushrooms.
Delicious and so many combination possibilities.
It was delivered fresh and hot in just 5 minutes

The pizza here is servicable.
It is not my favorite, but not bad for what is essentially fast food pizza.
There is a good variety of toppings, and the price is reasonable for what you get.

It's just ok.
I think it is too pricey for what you get!
We will not return.

Super yummy!
The crust is thin enough to not make you feel like you ate too much.
Everything looks fresh, and of quality.
& it's very inexpensive.
Definitely found our new pizza spot!!!
Yay!

Loveeeee this place!!!
It is soooo darn good!!!
If u love great pizza and friendly people you will love it here!!!!
Check it out!

This place reminds me of Project Pie (San Diego) except not as Urban.
The price is perfect; 1 price whether you choose one of their creations or pile the goodies on your own.
The ingredients are fresh and the pies are delish.
Hats off to the originator of the concept (it's not Fired Pie but, all the same).
I created my own:  Pesto Traditional Mozzarella Fresh Mozzarella Feta Grilled Chicken Sautéed Spinach Artichokes Sautéed Mushrooms Kalamata Olives Fresh Tomatoes (after it came out the oven)  11" of heaven  The Bellini's weren't bad for $5 either!

Is this the best pizza in the valley?
No, but it is very good.
It is a great local place to take the family.
We all can pick whatever we want, as much as we want on our pizza.
The price is reasonable and the service is great.
Even when the owner makes your pizza he isn't shy about how much he uses.
This is a regular dining place of ours.
Try it, you won't be disappointed.

Our new favorite pizza place!!!
How can u beat your very own customized pizza made just for u??
With fresh ingredients and anyway you want it??
For under $8 bucks??
Amazing place, they definitely need to expand and take over subways!
Lol pizzas are made perfectly with a perfect crust!
The dough is not too thick and not too thin just perfect amount to tie the pizza together!
Pizzas are bigger than your average "personal sized pizzas" enough for even leftovers!
So good!!
Love it!

A restaurant that showcases the trend to pizza as fast food in that they have pre-made crusts and ingredients laid out like one might see at Chipolte with first, a number of sauces (from red sauce to olive oil and garlic), a variety of cheeses, including house made mozzarella, then a variety of meat toppings, and then a fairly large selection of vegi toppings.
All the pizzas seem to be the same price, no matter how many toppings you want, which is nice, and then they stick it in a blazing hot oven for several minutes and voila, a pizza for one.
A pizza like this and a drink is $10.20 - a good concept and it was near where I work or live, I nice work-day lunch option.
However, the crust is not quite as crispy as say Pomo's crust (downtown Phoenix) - good but not up to that quality, but it is cheaper by several dollars.
I'll admit, I don't do a lot of fast food, either it is sit down or it is generally cook at home so I have a feeling that I'm just not a fan of quick pizza so that is why it is say, a 3 instead of a 4.
In addition, when I see pizza I keep thinking a place that serves alcohol, like Fired Pie, should have more than mega-brand beers and should have several local beers on tap.
Somehow I just don't want to wash down a pizza with a cheap yellow beer made by some large brewery conglomerate like InBev.
I would also like to see some integration of locally made produce and yes, i know, that is not how a business model like this works - it is all about low cost provider but hey, Chipotle seems to do it so this place could as well.
If you want a quick, hot, lunch, without too much fuss, this is fine, but to draw me back, some localizing of ingredients would be necessary so I would know I'm not just ordering a pizza, I'm supporting some other local producers in the process.

Have been here a couple times now and it is always delicious pizza and great service!
They really do listen to their customers as well.
My gf brought it to the attention of the owner that there was no changing table in the restroom (being that the place is pretty new not surprised it was overlooked)  Next visit about 2 weeks later and of course they now have one!
We were pleasantly suprised!
Love this place!

Went back again for lunch and they have added lemon and limes  for  water.
I really like this place

I have to say, I didn't have high expectations for a build-your-own pizza place.
Seemed gimmicky...until I got there and saw all my options...
Excellent pie and unbelievably quick to the table!
Fresh ingredients, loved the crust, perfectly crispy thin crust.
The setup is kind of like Chipotle (assembly-line) and I like that you get to see what's going on your pizza as it's being assembled.
An 11" pie for $7.75...can't beat that!
Add to that a pizookie (oven baked cookie/ice cream) for dessert and you will be comfortably satisfied!

Pizza was ok, nothing exceptional.. salad was good..
I don't think I will order  a pizza next time from here.

Pizza was really good.
The place had a good feeling to it.
Service was great.
First time here so they explained everything.
I would eat here again.

Completely blown away by this place.
Low expectations going in, but once I took my first bit I realized whoever thought of this is going to be filthy rich.
Can't complain about the price, it's basically Subway/Chipotle but it deals with Pizza.
I immediately texted a few friends, they've all been since and agree, this place is money!

I'm almost embarrassed to say how many times I've eaten here in given work week.
(3, shhhh!
)  By the time you've filled your drinks at the fountain and found a seat, your piping hot pizza is ready.
I can finish the whole thing too, thankyouverymuch.
Every last stove burnt crumb.

It doesn't get much better for fast, custom and tasty individual pizzas.
Great selection to choose from.

Soooo yummy!
I get multiple sauces and cheeses on mine.
The pesto is fabulous!
I like to stick with one or two meats to not overload.
Prices are great too :)

Excellent!
Hard to beat $7.75 for all the toppings you want.
Went mid day on a Saturday so not crowded at all and the perfect pie was done in about 5 minutes.
Great concept and friendly staff.
I will be back soon!

Delicious pizza!!!!
Great price and perfect portions.
Try the steak and blue pizza with the jasmine tea.
Nummy!!

Affordable!
Awesome crust, yummy!
I had the chicken pest no cheese and it was yummy...
Healthy alternative to pizza.
My husband and I will be back for more.

Fired Pie is amazing!
Same concept as Chipotle, just pizza!
You start by picking a regular or GF crust, sauce, cheese, toppings and spices or you may do the same with a salad.
The customer service is great, the owner has been there every time i'm in and can be seen working behind the counter or walking around checking on tables.
All the ingredients are delicious!
All the marinated veggies are my favorite.
Best prices for the quality, i payed around $8 for a pie and it served as 2 delicious meals!

Thank you for the $4.15 pizzas on 4/15!!
I saw the owner helping the solid line of people out the door.
Employees were smiling and they were cranking out great pizzas.
I Expected a long wait for my to-go order but it was ready 15 min early!
Great business, they will do very well.

It's sad that the people behind the counter recognize me and remember my order (same thing every time!).
The ingredients are fresh, which you can taste with EVERY bite.
I really appreciate the fact that I've seen the owner behind the counter during our last two visits, and he wasn't just giving orders, he was starting pies.
Seeing that says a lot about his passion for his business and his customers.
In the few minutes that we were there (we ordered to-go) he started a few pies (mine included) and walked around the restaurant to personally speak with the customers.
Two thumbs up and 10 stars for that!
My new favorite pizza spot!

Awesome pizzas!
The salad was amazing!
The prices are reasonable, and the people were so nice and friendly!!
I recommend this place, i'll be back!!

Food here is average.
The upside is they have a lot of choices and also specials to choose from.
They have good salads and pizza and salad are 7.75$ individually.
The owner here is rude to customers and also his employees.
It makes the trip awkward when he is there.

Think of this place like a sandwich shop... 1 pizza size (11 inches), you move down the line and select you toppings.
You can select unlimited toppings however they suggest 6 or less.
They have some speciality suggestions or you can make your own.
Since it was my first time, I got the #5, it was a steak and gorgonzola pizza.
It also has mushrooms , onions and peppers,  but I'm not a pepper fan, so I took those off.
The staff was really nice it only took 5 minutes to actually bake the pizza.
They are getting 3 stars because the bottom of the pizza was burned and that's gross to me.
I'll give them another shot but if it's burned again I probably won't come back

Went here tonight with the family and we were blown away at how amazing it was!
Everything was so fresh and delicious, my kids are very picky eaters and they loved their pizzas!
We are going back tomorrow because it was so good!
Great service as well, manager was extremely polite and kind!

Went here with my girlfriend for 3 days straight now, food is amazing with unlimited creation combinations.
Not only is the food worth driving across town for, but the staff is extremely nice with a manager who is very orientated with pleasing his customers.
By far best pizza in AZ!

Ooh.
I may have a new addiction.
It's been awhile since a new fast food concept  has blown me away, and Fired Pie has done it.
The staff is friendly, there are a lot of choices for toppings, everything was fresh, and I love that they have fresh mushrooms with the water already cooked out of them, and fresh mozzarella.
I love those gooey glops of cheese on my pizza!
Mr. M and I shared a pizza with sausage, pepperoni, artichokes, and mushrooms with the red sauce and fresh mozz.
There are so many flavor combinations I look forward to going back to try more.
They have a good selection of beer and wine, a soda machine, and I think I saw 4 different kinds of tea.
Hey....it's getting close to lunch time.
I better go get a pizza!

Fast service, great pizza.
Can't complain.
Got the Steak and Blue Pizza and really enjoyed it.
From entering to leaving, probably was here for 30 minutes and I was dining in!
I would probably eat here again.
Service was great!

I've gone here multiple times and have loved it every time!!!
I usually get the gluten-free crust which is a little bit extra, but worth it for the unlimited toppings at no extra charge.
I HIGHLY recommend this place for anyone who loves thin crust pizza, and loves lots of toppings!!!
P.S.
They have AMAZING iced tea!
My favorites are the watermelon tea and the jasmine blackberry!

Although the employees were not so enthusiastic, they were still incredibly kind and helpful.
The food is amazing.
I love the design.
I will definitely be coming back.

Pizza and salads are pretty good.
Reason I gave them 2 stars is because the manager/owner is very condescending and rude.
I could write a lengthy review but I feel like nobody would read it.
First went when they first opened and went a few times after because it's right by my work and I was excited that we got a restaurant in AZ that is similar to Pieology.
I could go on about the manager/owner but the thing that irked me the most was when I was listing the veggies I wanted on my pizza, I got to about 7 toppings, and he goes "Whoa the limit is 5".
I quickly apologized and in a very condescending way he says, "Uhh I'll let it slide this time.
" I thanked him but while still in line I also saw him picking toppings off another customer's pizza and angrily tossing them out because apparently they picked too many toppings too.
Shortly after I realized he wasn't doing me a favor.
He micro manages like crazy, you can tell he's all about cost management first and hospitality second.
The funny thing is nowhere in the RESTAURANT OR MENU does it say 5 TOPPING LIMIT.
I hope the management changes or the guy comes to his senses that he's making his employees and customers uncomfortable because frankly the food is more than decent and not super expensive and more importantly it's right by my office.
This guy hasn't just turned me off from the restaurant but a handful of my co-workers as well.

After my bad experience the owner did personally message me And offer me free food which was nice of him.
The only problem is I didn't not have a problem with the food.
Offering me free food will not change the fact that he is rude to his guest and employees

Awesome pizza!
Pricing is almost impossible to beat.
Went for the first time tonight and you can bet your ass I will be back!

New find.
Couldn't be more excited.
Gluten free and regular crust options, heaven on earth.
Fabulous specials and tons of options.
Create your own pizza fired in front of your eyes.
Great service and delicious food, so far no complaints but I will be back for continued updates..

Great pizza!
Tried 4 different ones and all tasted wonderful.
Ordered, paid and by the time we sat down the pizza was on the table.
All associates working were friendly and fast, on a Friday night no less.
Fresh quality ingredients, nice people working, fast service = a great experience.
We will be back!

I adore Fired Pie.
Seriously so good.
I love that I can call in an order for like 13 of my coworkers and say I need it at exactly 5:03 pm and they're waiting for me with smiles on their faces and food in their hands.
And the pizza.
The Pizza!
So freaking good.
The pesto.
The steak and blue.
And all for like $8.
It's a steal.
Since I work across the street I've come several times and I've had consistently good service.
Definitely recommend to friends and family.

My trainer of all people told me to try this place.
I'm sure he was hoping to steer me towards the salads, but I can't resist a good pizza covered in my favorite veggies.
It's also close to my work making it a top choice for lunch breaks.
The ordering process is pretty easy although some members of the general public are a little too slow and indecisive to handle so many options.
I love that they have fresh mozzarella in addition to the shredded stuff.
I don't need a ton of cheese because my pie already has a ton of flavor from the artichokes, sun dried tomatoes, spinach, kalmata olives and garlic on it.
The marinara is a tad on the sweet side for my taste, but it's still great overall.
I have even tried their pookie (an individual size pizza cookie) as part of an email list promotion.
It held up well in the to-go packing.
The cookie stayed warm and soft, and the ice cream remained unmelted.
However, the cookie dough was diabeetus-inducing sweet.
I'll stick with just the pizza in the future.

These create your own and cook to order pizzerias are popping up everywhere.
I'm liking this concept.
I prefer fired up pizzas and it's thin and crispy crusts so I very much liked my pizza here.
I loved that I was able to get it half with pesto and half without.
You pretty much can customize it anyway you like, subway style.
This is a great option for when I'm craving wood fire pizza but in a more quick service casual setting.

3+ stars, fast service, decent pizza but prefer a hand tossed dough.
Not my cup of tea pizza wise but for those that like a crispy pizza, it's right up your alley with customization up to 7 ingredients.
Decently priced meal with drink less than $11.00.

Very good, fresh ingredients.
Excellent customer service.
New to the area, called in my order and ready right on time.
We'll definitely be back!

First-time at this awesome place.
Thank you for thinking of this.
Soooooo much better than Pizza Bianco plus it's fast and friendly.
Fresh ingredients you choose or pick from the list of favorites.
Chipotle style ordering.
Excellent crisp, thin pizza.
Crazy that no one thought of this sooner.
Only problem I see is that I will be craving it.

First time ever at Fired Pie and it was excellent.
The staff was friendly, engaging, and helpful.
The pizza was delicious and they had a decent selection of beer available.
Great lunch spot.

I've been here 3 times now and they never disappoint.
You can get the pizza anyway you want, it's fast, and the customer service is awesome.
Usually the owner(?
) is walking around asking how the pie was.
Today he asked some kids how basketball camp was going.
If you're looking for a quick fix to great wood fired pizza with awesome customer service, this is the place.
The prices are great!
I can just go on and on...
Try it.
You won't regret it.
PS- They even have watermelon iced tea!

Fantastic thin and crispy pizza.
The Chipotle of pizzas.
Able to choose from a ton of veggie options.
4 different teas, lemonade, and beer and wine.
1 pizza is enough for one guy meal and I finished 3/4 of mine.
Owner was nice and runs a tight ship mentioned he will be opening up more locations soon.
Will come back!

This is the best thin crust pizza i've had in a long time.
I'm always skeptical going into a place for a pizza but this place rocked.
The crust was cooked perfectly.
A big plus is that they are around the corner and there is plenty of parking.

I was very impressed not only by the selection, but also the speed, and taste of the salad and pizza options here.
I visited this place twice within a week, once for salad, and the next time for pizza and both times I was very happy with my selections.
The pizza wait time was so quick!
They even have wine here, which makes everything better.
I like the build your own options and I appreciated the customer service and quality control.
Highly recommend this restaurant.
I will definitely be returning because there are a lot of pizzas I still need to try!

First time here and the pies were great.
Had the buffalo and Hawaiian BBQ pie.
Staff was friendly, highly recommend it.

I've had this bookmarked for awhile...I should have come in sooner!
It's great!
We came in today for Father's Day (found out about the free pie for Dad's today gave us a perfect reason to check it out).
When we walked up, they were slammed.
But it was not a problem!
They are really organized and the line moved super fast.
I'm actually shocked at how fast our pizzas came out considering it was so crowded when we went today.
The pizza is fantastic!
We ordered the pesto chicken, Italian meat lovers, pepperoni/olives/mushrooms, and a plain cheese for the kids.
All the pizzas are $7.75 and just a plain cheese and sauce is $6.
Great value for an 11in pizza!
Oh and a pizza cookie ya know, since it was a special occasion.
Such a great concept and very well executed.
I'm totally coming back to try their salads.

We ordered 3 pies to go, and each was done very well.
The fresh mozzarella with tomato sauce and basil, a pesto sauce pie, and a regular mozz with red sauce.
The sauces were tasty, cheese was of good quality, and I like the thin crispy crust.
Pizzas came out super fast and the service was very pleasant.
I could see eating these!

Love, love the idea of choosing your own toppings and creating a custom pizza pie!The pizza was pretty good, too.
This would have gotten at least 4 stars had it not been for the fly that was buzzing around the raw ingredients in the open containers.
It was allowed to roam free the entire time I was there.
Then there was this gal with a bandana behind the counter who was constantly talking on her phone and I can't help but think about her spit getting on the food.
When they sliced the pizza, they did not use gloves and the same chatty gal was the one slicing after pulling out her phone time and again to talk on it.
The tables can use a wipe down or two but seems like the employees were either too busy taking calls on personal phones or chatting amongst themselves to keep the place tidier.
Too bad.
Would have liked to go back.
May try other locations.

This place was very good.
Fast service, fresh ingredients.
Staff was awesome.
Place could have been a little more clean but it was very busy and it was father's day.
I will definitely be back here again.

What a neat concept!
It was a great place and the pizza was delicious!
The price was fantastic considering I could put as much or as little as  I want for one low price of $7.75.
The employees are so helpful and nice.
As a first timer, they were generous I their explanations and toppings.
This zooms up to one of  top 10 favorite places!

Interesting concept and above-average pizza, ruined by possibly the rudest owner of an eating establishment I have ever encountered.
And his rudeness wasn't even directed at me.
I'll kick this off with the huge negative for this experience.
The owner.
As I approached the front of the line and my time to order, he stepped behind the counter and started replacing some food items.
He noticed something wrong (not sure what) and proceeded to loudly berate his employee right in front of me and everyone else in line.
Following that ouburst, he assumed one of the positions on the line and started putting toppings on pizzas as requested by the customers.
One of those customers my friend right behind me.
My friend, God-forbid, couldn't hear what the owner was saying to him (and it was our first time there as well), and very loudly, rudely and in a very condescending way repeated himself.
It was so awkward and uncomfortable that my friend only got a couple of the toppings he wanted so that he could discontinue the exchange.
Note to the owner: this is not New York City and this is not a soup kitchen and this is not a Seinfeld episode.
You are wound very tight and make what should be a fun/pleasant experience one that isn't.
I feel sorry for your employees who have to take your verbal abuse in front of customers.
Your rudeness to my friend was unnecessary.
You are in the wrong business.
There are other comments/reviews that also make mention of your rudeness.
Your food is pretty good, but certainly not at the expense of such poor service.
Also, your employees were kicking tail behind the counter.
They were all friendly, and they were all fast and accurate.
I would have quit on the spot right  in your face if you spoke to me like that in front of customers.
You could use some training.
As for the food, it was above-average.
I had my own creation and enjoyed it.
The salad we got was very good.
Thankfully there are many equally good pizza spots throughout the valley.
I won't be returning here for the reasons stated above.

Excellent pizza!!!!
Great service.
Always greeted with a smile.
Good prices too!

I have to admit in general I tend to not love brick oven pizza.
I like my pizza ny style.
But this place is great.
Basically its subway but for pizza.
Same processes.
Thry make you a personal pizza as you watch.
Pizza artists.
Really good quality.
They are always extremely n ice.
The place is always clean.
If you love pizza like me you have to try this place.
The diet coke is great.
But I also like the free brew green ice tea.
I always ask the guy to not make my pizza crispy.
They smile and hook you up.
Pizza how ever you want it.

This place simply rocks!
I had hoped I would visit a unique restaurant in Phoenix, but my chances were looking slim.
Fortunately, curiosity was my better and I discovered Fired Pie where you can build your own pie or choose one off the menu for $7.95.
No extra costs.
Amazing!
I built one of the tastiest pizza pies I've ever had with a garlic olive oil base, mix of mozzarella and feta cheese, some capicola with sausage, roasted peppers, white onions, sundried tomatoe, and wilted spinach.
The secret?
Take it easy on the ingredients, choose good colors and contrasting flavors.
My taste buds thank me.

Had to try this place based on word of mouth and the reviews, and I'm so glad I did.
I wish I remembered the girls name who helped me as soon as I walked in to explain the concept.
She was great and I needed that!
I went with a pizza, half of their steak specialty and half of my own creation.
The ingredients were fresh, there's plenty of options, thin crust is delicious and perfectly cooked, plus the service was friendly and quick.
Can't go wrong for less than $9 no matter how many toppings.

Great quality, concept and service!
Staff was helpful in explaining concept and options!
Food came out fast and was great quality.
For $8 you can literally get whatever you want on a pie.
I'm won over.

Yummy!
It is really good pizza.
On the more pricey side.
I am surprised to say that the gluten pizza was the best.
It is more doughy.
One let down was the 'bazooki'.
It was very, very small and undercooked while being burnt on the bottom.
Skip the dessert and just get a pizza!
- you won't be disappointed

Very good idea!
Fired Pie is the perfect mix of Grimaldi's Pizza and Subway!
I will continue coming here again and again!

I hate to update with a negative review but my meal and the service I received this evening sucked.
My pizza arrived but it was cold because it wasn't cooked long enough.
I even talked to them and they offered to remake the pizza....which came back with cold ingredients and unmelted cheese a second time.
Wtf?
Two tries and you can't leave a pizza in the oven long enough to melt the cheese?
And it took waaaay too long to get it remade.
My slow-eating kids were finished long before I got my new (but once again room temperature) pizza.
There's usually an older and younger African American couple here (father and son, maybe?
) who always took really good care of us and produced fantastic pizzas but they weren't here tonight.
What a disappointment!
This visit took away all of my enthusiasm for the joint.

Heard about this place so we had to try it.
Very glad we did!
Loved the options available to chose from.
Pizza cooked quickly and wasn't greasy.

My new favorite lunch spot!!
When I went here for the first time the other day I didn't know what to expect.
From visiting the website it looked like they had pizzas you could order and you could also customize your own.
From experience, usually a place will charge you per topping, so I went in expecting to pay a hefty price.
I don't eat cheese or meat so usually I just get a pizza with sauce and a bunch of veggies.
When I walked in I saw that it was a Subway style pizza place where the worker takes prestretched dough off of a rack and puts the sauce and cheese on and then passes it down for the meats, who then passes it on down to another person for the veggies.
I ordered a pizza with marinara, no cheese, red onions, sun dried tomatoes, spinach, pepperoncini, and kalmatta olives.
To my astonishment it was only about $10 WITH a drink!
Awesome!
It was so good I visited this place the next day and got the same pizza only I added the olive oil/garlic combination, fresh basil and oregano.
It was TO DIE FOR!
I will be back here many more times!

