I had terrible sinus pressure and decided to try out this new clinic close to home.
I had no insurance and thought I would pay a lot for the consultation, but in the end it was $79/consult.
I was seen in 10 minutes and just had to stop by the pharmacy afterwards where my prescription was ready.
Definitely the clinic to visit.
This clinic is a treasure to have in our neighborhood.

I didn't hve no insurance $79 for a office a office visit(I will before its said and done).
I found this place on the internet.
I was seen on a Friday was dx w/ earache and giving antibotic rx and debrox costing $8.
4 days another $35 dollars later I was still in pain, no appetite, constant throbbing pain (just some of my smyptoms) .I told the doctor what going on.
She did her exam.
Conclusion: current antibiotics weren't working.
I waz given a zpack no pain medicine (orally) a script for ear drops that where supposed to help with my ear pain even thought i did ask.
Too make a long story short antibiotics were $14.00 ear drops where $200 I decided I didn't need ear drops.
After being in pain for 1 week and otc pain medications not working I decided to go to the ER.
I was misdiagnosed from day 1.
Er doc dx me with a dental abscesses/facial infection so even if i did have a earache on the second visit the doctor should have known about my dental problem as I wad unable to open my mouth, talk, eat, swallow etc...... My ear is fine so this z pack antibotic is and will not help this dental abscesses.
I dont think I could or would recommend this place just seem like they are in just for the money.
Just be careful if you decide to go here seems like they are all about money.
O yes I do have earwax in my right ear, favorite ER didn't say nothing was wrong with it, according to allied clinic doctor I need to debrox as instructed as she cant see with her otoscope in my ear.
She offered I could have ear wax removal for $20.00 um I said no thank I will do it at home.
I dont need debrox again ER doc didnt say anything about my "ear wax" or he didn't say he can not see in my ear.
So Dont Go Here.

