So excited that I run into a great new place with great ambience and super friendly staff ...
THE CREPE AT TIVOLI VILAGE I had dinner at The Crepe and tried both the savory and sweet crepes and they were delicious.
The place is clean and the staff made the experience great.
The place on the first floor of the The Market LV, next to Brio.

The other review is nonsense.
The ambiance is a big empty room with stone floors.
There is no decor at all.
Nithing on the walls, no signs, no menus even.
I went twice and both times did not get any food.
Today, I tried again and watched them serve people who arrived after me and ordered after me by a good 5 minutes.
I can be patient and know that good food takes time, but no customers are more important than others.
Bad service.

Such amazing crepes, granted have just had the sweet but i'm sure the savory is just as good.
They use organic ingredients and the batter is wonderful.
Great atmosphere, very laid back and it is family run for now.
They are wonderful and as i said the food is amazing.
By far one of the best crepes I've ever had.

Haven't even eaten here yet and already I've had a bad experience.
Decor: not much...it's almost like it's trying to be something in Seattle's Pike Place Market.
Service: When it's slow like the first night I was there, the chef talked to us and informed us vegan options would be available during the weekend.
The place didn't have menus...customers have taken them...
I return on the weekend for the market and stop by again.
While waiting, a lady lines up behind me and the chef by passes me to take the lady's order behind me!
While witnessing this, another lady in front of me asks for protein options, the chef then tells her "you name it we got it!
" Not even a question like "what kind of protein are you looking for?
" Finally I get up to order and she then tells me "Monday I'll have the order/supplies in to make vegan crepes" okay I'll wait till Monday.
I call before I go over, and she's not even sure if she has vegan items to make a crepe..."Tuesday my supplier will be here with the vegan batches"...so you don't make the batches yourself, yet charge a ridiculous price?
C'mon!
This place will never see my business.
Seems like a great idea, probably jumped in a bit early.
Tip to the owner: Make a permanent menu and have more knowledge on your inventory.

very nice place with a European flavor.
Big choice of very tasty crepes served in a large portion.
Outdoor seating!
Pleasant people to serve you.
Can Vegas appreciate such a great new spot?
Hope so.

I really enjoyed the crepes that Agnus prepared for my family and I.
Really great customer service and delicious food!
Unfortunately we live in Texas but if I ever return to Vegas I'm definitely stopping by here again!

We love this place, the chef uses fresh local ingredients, and i love the flavor combinations.
Also, they have good coffee.
I liked their eggs Benedict crepe, it was off the hook yummy.
We will return.

Really really wanted too love this place, But the sour attitude of the chef has made my experience unpleasant and i will not return.
I show up at 715 am,  mind you they open at 7..
Chef says come back in 10 minutes, and i can make your breakfast, i gave her 20 minutes.
At 735 She said i am not ready to make eggs yet come back in 15!!!
So, i came back at 9 am, i really wanted a delicious crepe like we enjoyed last week...
I walk in, get to the counter and she says" i have a French crepe, you want a French crepe" i said sure, since she had it in her hand extended out to me while i stood there.
I actually would have liked a seat, and an espresso too.
i guess that's what was lying around.
I cut it open while standing  and saw no cheese, no bechemel, no onion_ i didn't even want a French crepe!
I ordered a French crepe the week before, it was good..
But with all of the options i wanted to try the maple syrup crepe.
This crepe she handed me, with an angry air about her didn't look anything like the French crepe i enjoyed last week.
I dOuble check the menu ,and yes was missing farmer cheese, onion, bechemel and love.
She is zooming around , its not even busy and she says too me quote" you should go, its about to get crazy in here"..
Appalling!
Okay i will go eat my mistake crepe on the curb.
I make the attempt to get cream and sugar in my coffee.
Which took a while and then she handed me one sugar packet.
No stir stick nothing.
Just here, now go.
I wanted cream!
So i asked one of the.waitresses for cream, she very kindly got it for me.
What a hassle for some breakfast!
Getting fixings for your coffee is like pulling teeth!
This was my last week at market, and i would have.made a special trip to tivoli for a good crepe.
But the whole interaction left me a bad feeling...

My husband and I really like this place!
We were very excited to try it and glad we did!
The chef is very friendly, we have had many conversations with her.
She really puts her heart into this place!
I read some of the other reviews and yes, it's true, when they first opened they did not have much decor and did not have enough menus - no big deal!
I go to a restaurant for food and for the experience, not the decor!
The decor is coming along and they now have enough menus.
They just opened and sometimes when a restaurant first opens, it's a little disorganized.
I have tried several of their crepes - from sweet to savory.
I prefer savory to sweet so I have tried more of the savory options.
All have been tasty!
The only critique is regarding the Indian Curry Style crepe - I feel like it should have had more spice!
Or at least the option to add spice.
I support this The Crepe because it is a wonderful concept,  they use locally grown food and they have plenty of options for people with dietary restrictions (gluten free, Vegan).
Also, the food is GOOD!

The server was really sweet and helpful.
My crepe was ok though.
I ordered the Japan crepe and it was pretty salty.
I think it was from the miso sauce that was on it.
But girl and chef overheard me talking to my friend and offered to make it less salty next time I stop by, which was really sweet in my opinion.
Overall good service and kind staff, but food was average.

Love it.
Mexico is awesome.
Greece is good if u have the craving.
Small coffee shots for quick pick me up.

It's jazz night.
Good incentive to come in.
We order and 27 minutes pass.
Listen, a crepe takes just a couple minutes at most.
Then ingredients (which are likely ready to go) pile in.
27 minutes elapse, though.
We just pay for our drinks and leave.
It seems to me that just a few people run the whole operation - poorly.
Just one chef.
Just one waitress.
Just one cashier.
Very, very slow.
And also very expensive.
I saw what the crepes were on another table and they are a long shot from justifying a $10-11 value.
I'll definitely re-do this review after actually having a crepe.

Beautiful restaurant.
The owners are wonderful people and even came out to see how we enjoyed the food.
Everything is handmade and the wait was surprisingly short.
Wonderful place in the new shopping center.
I'll be coming here a lot.

So delicious!
The creme brule crepe was amazballs!
They even have gluten free batter for my wife!
Yum!

Very very very slow service the host is pushy and order came wrong twice!
Buon appetite.
p.s.
we were one of only 2 tables in this horrible place and waited  46 min before our bed food showed up .

Had Christmas Day brunch - absolutely fabulous crepes and marvelous staff.
Enjoyed breakfast crepes and shared a sweet one !
Will definitely go again and again.
Sweet sounding string trio today !

We've been meaning to try this place, and today while walking around tivoli realized they have an indoor play area.
An indoor play area that's not a mcdonalds?
Since we have a three year old we were sold.
Service was really sweet and friendly-- I love being able to support a family owned business.
And our crepes were great, too.
Did I mention their indoor play area for kids meant I actually got to sit and eat my food for once?
It did take a bit for the crepes to come out, so if you are looking for instantaneous food you will probably be disappointed.
I didn't mind though, and the manager mentioned to me they are hiring more staff in an effort to be a little faster.
For me, even with the wait, as long as my kid was entertained I didn't mind sitting and visiting with my husband for awhile.
We'll definitely be back.

I love crepes.
And when I found out that a new place called The Crepe opened up at Tivoli Village, I was super excited to try it.
Right next to Brio and very casual.
The service was excellent, the prices were very reasonable.
I had a difficult time choosing what breakfast crepe I wanted.
I finally decided on the USA, which is basically Benedict florentine on an open faced crepe.
Superior presentation and phenomenal taste.
The chef and owner came up to our table to ask how we liked it and you can tell she is very passionate about her culinary skills.
Everything is made with love.
I can't wait to go back.
Oh and the coffee there is the best I've ever had.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!

Great food, amazing service.
Coffee is very good.
It's all espresso, not filter, or brewed.
No refills, just awesome coffee drinks.
Roomie atmosphere, sunny, friendly, conversational noise level and ambience.

I am really digging The Crepe!
Have you been yet?
Well, why not???
I noticed The Crepe the other day when I was in the mall.
I couldn't go then, but knew I had to give it a shot soon.
What really caught my eye was all of the things that The Crepe is involved in and promoting.
Who doesn't love a fun neighborhood joint that has Argentine Tango night, Live Jazz night, and even Story Time for the kids.
Yay for trying to get a community going!
I noticed they have a great Mommy/Daddy & Me deal going on Monday-Friday 10-11am.
The deal is for every full sized crepe purchased, you get a free kid's sized crepe for your kiddo.
I love a good deal, especially a BOGO deal.
So I had to go and check this place out.
On our visit, we got there at 10am and were the only ones there, except for our friends we were meeting.
We were greeted right away by our server and he took good care of us the entire time.
He wasn't familiar with the BOGO deal, but we go that straightened out pretty quickly.
We had good service the entire meal and felt truly appreciated the whole time.
Our server even told us about all of the other fun stuff they do for kids there like the story time and puppet shows they do throughout the week.
He did a great job.
I wish I remembered his name so I could give him a shout out.
Now to the good stuff, the crepes!
There are so many options to choose from!
Everyone in any group is bound to find at least 1, if not a dozen they want to try.
On this visit I tried the breakfast France crepe.
It had eggs, ham, farm cheese, tomatoes, and béchamel sauce.
It was super duper yummy!
My daughter had the sweet USA crepe.
Her crepe was filled with pb&j with some sliced bananas thrown in the mix.
She hardly eats anything at all and she took down half of this in a few minutes.
That is crazy impressive for her!
There were about 15 other ones that caught my eye as well, so I see us going back often, especially for the BOGO deal!
I was also very impressed with the quality of the ingredients that are being used at The Crepe.
They try to use as much locally sourced items as possible for their menu.
The freshness of the food really comes through in the flavors you find in the crepes.
I love fresh food and helping to support our local farmers, as well as just having better quality food!
Speaking of going often, The Crepe offers as frequent visitor punch card.
I love punch cards and wish more places did this for their regulars.
The Crepe does it so every 9th crepe is free.
Not too shabby, if I do say so.
They also have a little play area for kids.
This is a fabulous idea because when you have toddlers, they just really aren't into eating.
I know my daughter usually takes 2 bites and is ready to go play.
With the kid's area being right by some tables, all of us adults can sit and enjoy our crepes and watch our kids play.
This way everyone is happy!
Thanks for thinking of us parents who really want to eat something beside drive thru all of the time when we are with our munchkins.
The only critique I would have for The Crepe is the drink selection.
I am a weirdo who doesn't like coffee, hot tea, or smoothies.
If you could add some regular soda to the menu, that would be great.
I almost always have a soda when I am out and about.
I love soda just a smidgeon less than my kid, so help a girl out please!
Even if it is just canned soda, I think it would be a great thing to offer your patrons.
Please please please add some soda and I will be back even more often, PROMISE!

This place was great.
Small, great music and the food was wonderful!
Easy to tell they use fresh ingredients.
Wait time for food was a little long but definitely worth it.

This place is amazing!!
Their philosophy is to try to capture the flavors of a specific region..
They try to be very creative with their food and flavors!
We tried the Argentinian crepe and it was  delicious!!
It was made of grilled meat and chimichurri sauce which we learned was homemade!
I ordered the Greek crepe and the flavors were great!!
For desert we ordered the Nutella which was good but nothing out of the ordinary.
The Nutella was a bit overwhelming, but the fruit was pretty fresh!
The owner recommended to get the crembrule, so i guess next time i will do that!
The service was very good and the owners were very personable with their clients!
I would highly recommend this place!

If there were a prize for 'Worst of Las Vegas', this "restaurant" would win first place!
It would also win worst place for service, food quality, and wait time (you can wait more than 30 min for the worst crepe that you could ever eat).
P.S.
If you write them on Yelp what you think of their business, they will rudely reply -WTF!

I had a pleasant evening here with a friend.
We met the chef Agnus(or was it Angus?
I'm sorry if it is a mistake), she was very knowledgeable in her business and was very kind to us.
We had a crepe duo, one savory and one sweet.
Our savory dish was the Morocco, as recommended by Agnus as something I've never tried.
It was the most interesting flavor I've ever tasted in a crepe.
It was sweet, tangy, and a little spicy all at the same time and very subtle.
We had the Europa as our sweet crepe.
It is filled with Nutella and fresh fruit.
It was utterly delicious.
The Nutella was not overwhelming and the fruit went well with it.
The crepes were perfectly cooked.
As the chef said, "You cannot cut it with a fork, you must use a knife.
If you can eat it with just a fork then your crepe is undercooked.
"  We also had a Monaco(creme brulee) and it was the best creme Brule I've ever had in my life.
Everything on it and in it all had its own special taste.
I heard this was a popular dish here, and would highly recommend it.
Their cappuccino was also very good too!!
Not to mention we got some things on the house, but that is not why it was so great as not everyone reading this should go and expect it ;p but the reason why I mention it is that the people who work there know how to be impressionable.
Not just the chef, the waiters and waitresses too.
hope you try try them out and enjoy your experience like I did!

Portions were really small.
I didn't want a snack size, I wanted a daddy size.
And when they ask if you want coffee, they say *is an Americano okay?
That's not coffee.
It's espresso and water.

A savory crêpe for breakfast?
It sounded like a good idea and it was.
While waiting at an office yesterday morning, I did a Yelp search and found The Crêpe was on the way home.
After the appointment, off I was to Tivoli Place for breakfast.
There was a sign to seat yourself and I went a few tables in from the open door.
It was a perfect place because you could enjoy the morning air but the breeze coming in wasn't overwhelming.
I was brought a menu by Agnes.
I later found out she was the owner.
After looking over the selection of breakfast crêpes, I went with the special of the day which was a crêpe with pastrami, scrambled eggs, potatoes, and Russian mustard.
The crêpe was very tasty.
The mustard absolutely made the dish, however.
It was a rich, spicy, brown mustard with a lot of favor.
As I was waiting for the crêpe to be made, Agnes came by and as we starting chatting, she sat down across the table from me and she explained that the restaurant had only been opened for two months.
We also talked about the music and dance evenings they have.
I think I need to go back for one of the jazz nights and have a dessert crêpe.
The crêpe was tasty and it was artfully presented.
As I said before, the mustard made the dish!
I will come back again.
I like the space and the ambiance.
The crêpes are a bit pricey, but then the rents for Tivoli have to be high, too!
A coffee Americano is $3 with a $1.50 charge for a refill.
I guess that's because it's individually brewed Lavazza but it's quite different when I'm used to a bottomless cup at breakfast!

Went for Sunday Breakfast.
Long wait, could not understand no gloves, no hand washing, no hat in the kitchen.
When we paid the girl stopped prepping, took cash and went back to prepping without washing hands.
Disgusting!

Passed by here after dinner and saw that there's daily events here, both during the day and night.
Decide to stay here for their live jazz that happens on Saturday nights.
Jazz was not too bad.
I suspect most of the patrons here are really here for the performance by this relatively young jazz band.
Most patrons, like me, only ordered a beverage.
Service was friendly.
I really appreciate the warm hospitality the staff was giving.
My only complaint is I wished there were wine or some sort of alcoholic beverage that we can order, other than coffee or smoothie.
I mean, c'mon, jazz without some vino?

A wonderful little gem.
Stopped in for an open mic night and ended up trying the Alaska and the Canada.
They were both delicious and the portions are generous.
The place is run by a small crew but they see very dedicated to the quality of their entrees.
One of the high points was the fact that they add a little fresh fruit or salad to each entree they serve, so you get a great looking plate and a nice additional flavor.
I'll definitely be back to sample more from their fun, country themed menu!

I was pretty excited to try The Crepe's gluten free option but when the waitress told me the batter was buckwheat I decided against it.
Buckwheat ins't what I would be using to make a crepe.
If they try Gluten free Bisquick or use cup 4 cup maybe I'll return.
Luckily for me the farmers market was going on so I was able to get a fresh smoothie from one of the vendors.
My mom and sister however tried two of the breakfast crepes.
They took a little while to come out and both left saying their crepes were.... "interesting" and dont think they will be returning anytime soon.
My Mom had the FRANCE - ham, eggs, farm cheese, scallions,  chopped parsley, tomatoes topped with béchamel sauce.
Her crepe was swimming in the bechamel which had no taste at all.
My Sister on the other hand had the CANADA - Canadian bacon, egg, potato hush and maple syrup topped with toasted oats crunch.
Her's was swimming in maple syrup.
I really hope this place makes it but based on what I saw on Saturday, It doesn't look to promising.

Absolutely delicious!!
If you come here, you must try the Europa, Nutella with fruit...
It's so tasty!
I love this place and the owner is very friendly and will come up and talk with you!
Such a nice environment with delicious crepes!

Can't really say I am a crepe guy honestly...usually they just don't satisfy my hunger, so I end up eating two of them to feel satisfied....then I just wished I had a traditional breakfast LOL.
Just not my style of breakfast is all.
Thankfully, "The Crepe's" savory portions are a bit larger than others I've had in the past.
I'd still probably need the second one, but at least I don't feel hungry immediately afterwards eating only one.
The reason I am giving the extra star was due to the Mommy/Daddy & Me deal, where the little ones get a FREE crepe (sweet or savory) just half portioned.
This lets Little Foodie and me eat relatively well for a fair price!
We tried the Germany ($10.50): Bratwurst, Sauerkraut, Pickles, Green Onion & Mustard Sauce.
Interesting combination, but it works well!
Good size and pretty filling considering it's a crepe lol.
Italy ($9.80): Cured Prosciutto, Scrambled Eggs, Italian Cheese, Tomatoes & Pesto Sauce.
A bit less filling than the Germany, but I enjoyed the flavors here.
Europa ($6.50 Kid's size): Nutella & Fruit.
Just like it sounds...with plenty of Nutella hiding inside!
Some places are a bit stingy with the goods, but they LAYER Nutella in there :)  Would be worth checking out if you are in the area, esp with a little one!
Right next to the park, so let the little ones work off that sugar when you're finished :P

We had to wave at the server to give us a menu coz we have been sitting for 10 minutes - my latte took 15 minutes to make- this place  needs organization- servers doesn't seem to know what's going on- they act like its busy when there's more severs than customers !!
the vibe here is just hectic and service is just bad- the food we don't know and never will coz we walked out after waiting for two crepes for an hour!!
Also The female chef had a cast around her hand- isn't that against health code ?

Visited with my two sisters and daughter and was rather disappointed.
Loved the decor and feel of Europe, however we were very disappointed with the quality of the crepes.
I've been enjoying crepes for more than 20 years and was taught by a very good friend of mine to make crepes at home (French style).
We'd seen this restaurant and really  were eager to give it a try.
Service was pretty slow.
Our order was not complete, so we had to ask the server to cancel a soup since we were almost finished out meal.
We were told by our server that the chef was giving her a hard time in the kitchen.
When we finally went up to pay for our meal, which no one ever came over to tell us that we needed to see the cashier.
However, we did not receive a bill.
So, we assumed the server was coming back to complete everything.
When we signaled to a waiter, he explained that we needed to go to the cashier to pay.
Our server was not visible and the cashier explained that she was given the task to help us at the last minute.
Too many excuses for shortfalls.

Lets start what what we enjoyed about The Crepe... We came on a Saturday night and they had a fantastic Jazz quartet - they were honestly excellent musicians.
The ambiance is really cute.
Super open, airy, European, chic, and trendy.
I loved the fact that they had an open children's play area.
we have little ones so that is a definite plus in my book.
The waitresses that helped up were both very sweet and pleasant.
When our Venezia crepe was brought out to us it looked delicious...if only the taste of it agreed with the presentation of it.
The Venezia description was "cannoli cream, black and white chocolate.
" My husband and I both love cannolis, but if your hoping for something that tastes anything like a cannoli you will be sorely disappointed.
The filling was curdy and rather runny, the white chocolate chips on top tasted super cheap, and the crepe itself had a strange lemony flavor that did not at all belong.
We both took about 5 bites and tried to talk ourselves into liking it, but in the end just couldn't do it... Definitely a waste of $9.
That being said.... because of the great live Jazz and the children's play area we will probably be back and get something safe like a tea or milkshake....

Bad service, period.
We were the only customers and they could not have been more dismissive of us.
For instance,  I had to get up to ask for a refill of my ice tea.
My wife and I just sat there confused about the poor service.
It was almost surreal.
The crepes were OK, but way overpriced.

I would actually rate this 3.5 stars.
I stopped in one morning because, well, I love crepes.
I was excited since this is pretty close to where I live.
I rolled in early around 930am and was one of only a couple customers.
The owner Agnes, a very nice lady, seated me and ordered me a coffee.
Her refrigerator was having issues and the servicemen were there looking perplexed.
She was also training a new waitress, so it was a little bumpy as far as service but that stuff doesn't bother me.
We had a nice conversation regarding how difficult it is to find good employees.
I had the USA sweet crepe, which is basically peanut butter and jelly, with bananas, or so I thought.
No bananas came with mine, so maybe I had to request them.
It was pretty good, very thin crepe.
I wasn't overwhelmed by it.
I think it was about $8, and the coffee was $4.
I"m sure I'll be back, at least to sample the entertainment at night plus one of the savory crepes.
They do have a nice menu with lots of variety.
I wish the place success, and Agnes success.
Tivoli Square has been rough on a number of restaurants, and other than happy hour at Kabuki I usually don't even go there anymore because there's just not much going on.

This is the first review I ever wrote.
My wife, son and I went here for dessert after having a bad experience at an other restaurant hoping to save our family night out.
We were both very impressed from the moment we walked in.
We were greeted by the chef who walked us over to a table near a play area for kids.
There was a live band playing jazz by the front door.
Our son saw the toys in the play area and was set for the rest of our stay.
I am not very good at describing food so all I can say is that our crepes were delicious.
The staff was very friendly.
They have all sorts of activities throughout the week for kids.
My wife and I were able to enjoy our crepes while our son played in the play area about ten feet away from us, so we never had to take our eyes off of him.
When we were done with dessert, my wife and I sat for a while and played in the play area with our son who didn't want to leave.
Good food, friendly staff, kid friendly and good ambience all make for successful dining experience.

Chef Agnes is a micromanager and made ordering a truly unnecessary pain in the ass!
I hadn't heard anything good about this place but when my 10 year old cousin asked for a smoothie I couldn't say no.. after all, how hard could it be to order a smoothie to-go?
Annoyingly difficult apparently!
We walked in with my corgi in tow knowing The Market is pet friendly, plus we were just walking up to the register to order and wait for it outside.
I asked the man at the register if we could order a smoothie to-go and he explained it would be about 5-10 mins.
Okay, no problem.
Just as I was about to hand over my card Chef Agnes got in my face saying, "there's a table outside, have a seat.
we can't allow dogs in here.
food will take about 25 mins.
"   1.
Get out of my face 2.
We're not staying for a sit down meal 3.
There are a couple dogs in here right now  I told her we were just ordering a smoothie to-go and she said, "yes, still 25 mins".
HA!
who the hell is going to wait that long for a smoothie?!
plus, your cashier told me 5-10.
We walked out, I sat my cousin on a bench with my corgi and went back in to order.
Mind you, now I'm in the back of the line again.
I get to the register, order the smoothie and the guy looks at me like, "didn't you order?".
Helloooooooo!
Where have you been?!
I was going to pay you until the crazy lady got all up in my face.
I was going to excuse his obvious lack of knowledge with the register during our first exchange but now it's clear you all have no idea what you're doing.
One berry smoothie, to go.. that's it!
he asks, "what size?
" and before he can get back with the cups to show me the two sizes they have, here comes Chef Agnes again asking him if he's knows someone's at the register.
DUH LADY!
let him do his job!
someone has control issues.
terrible.

I am not a crepe person unless it is for a dessert but this place made me a fan!
I ordered the USA breakfast crepe and it was so delicious.
I had 6 kids with me and they all ordered something different and they loved it.
The owner was so sweet and gave us a complimentary crepe for a birthday girl!
First time here but will be back very soon!!!
Definitely want to try a few things on their menu!

We love the food at the Crepe and the service is as great as the food!
Thank you for bringing such amazing food & desserts to Tivoli

Pretty decent crepes..I prefer the sweet ones over the savory but they have this international menu where the names of the items are cities and countries around the world..I enjoyed the options but need to go try more..it's just 4 stars for now it can change for sure

Waited 35 minutes for a crepe.
Not impressed with savory crepes.
Seemed unorganized, but servers were friendly.

Loved this place!
Had no idea what I had wondered into as I was just trying to pass time before an appointment that I had upstairs.
Everyone was friendly, it didn't take that long to be served, there was a live band, and my crepe,The Greece, was phenomenal.
The owner was delightful to chat with and I'll definitely be back soon.

I love crepes.
I will travel miles out of my way for good crepes.
I didn't even know this place was here.
We were going to go to Echo & Rig for breakfast and found out they were only open for such on the weekend.
So, look there on the directory.
Crepes!!
We were not disappointed.
The ingredients are all very high quality, the menu is creative and extensive, they have gluten free and vegan batters and most importantly the food was amazing.
Flavors expertly mingled together in both the savory and the sweet crepes.
Also great coffee.
I will absolutely drive miles to come back here again.
Best random find all year.

my kids and I loved this place, "the italian" had delicious prosciutto in it and my kids had the nutella one.
We will be back for sure.

All right.
But kind of pricey for a crepe.
I've walked past The Crepe numerous times, but decided to give it a shot for a dessert option after dinner with a friend.
The restaurant is located in the Market Place of Tivoli Village.
It really reminds me of a beatnik coffee shop, complete with people painting and live music (at least on the night I was there).
The menu is comprised of sweet and savory options.
Honestly, the menu was much more diverse and had more selection than I thought it would.
Crepes are represented by country, so I had The Venezia ($10.90), which was an indulgent crepe with cannoli cream, black and white chocolate drizzles and chips, and a dollop of whipped cream.
It was a yummy crepe and nice for dessert.
However, the pricing is putting me off from returning.
Perhaps if I'm in the area I may try a "savory" crepe next time.
Overall, it is a fun-styled establishment that makes over-priced crepes.

Wants to appear sophisticated but obviously misses the mark, like that guy wearing a decent suit with white cotton athletic socks and axe body spray.
So it just sort of comes across as needlessly pretentious.
I went with a friend and the owner came by, introduced herself with a very limp handshake and regaled us with the specials, both of which sounded good.
I'm pretty sure she only stopped by because I was laughing at the Moroccan crepe on the menu.
The description said it had a "chicken and tajine stew.
"  A Tajine is an earthenware cooking vessel in which you prepare stew, so to have it "and" means you'll be eating a cooking vessel (there's a few other items on the menu that make it clear they really have no idea what they're talking about).
When the waitress came by to take our order my friend chose the Chicken Provencal special and I chose the Pastrami special.
Neither of which the waitress was at all familiar with.
Luckily for her the Chef was right behind us.
Then the chef outright stated she had no idea what we were talking about.
Lovely.
The waitress goes on to helpfully state that the owner liked to come up with stuff on the spot.
Which is great if she's in the kitchen making it but not when she does it while glad-handing customers with no intention of conveying her ideas to her staff.
We asked a few more questions of the chef to see what she thought was what and my friend decided to play it safe and order off the regular menu, I stuck with the Pastrami special.
When the crepes arrived, fairly quickly, my friend's plate was overflowing with food while mine was very demurely folded into what looked like an empty crepe with some sparse decoration.
The pastrami was tasty but there wasn't much there, especially for $12 dollars.
My friend said the Hawaiian wasn't bad but wasn't all that special.
Her crepe cost $14.
I wasn't that hungry that I needed a giant pile of food, but it makes them look bad that their portion sizes were so completely inconsistent, especially for the same table.
Overall, if they hadn't been trying so hard to appear more than they were and just tried to be a consistent, decent crepe place, I'm pretty sure they'd warrant a return visit.
As it is, I'll spend my money someplace else.

The BEST crepe I've ever tried.... And I've tried a lot of different places.
Service is awesome and every crepe is nothing short of perfection.
It's not just your typical fruit and Nutella crepe place...
They get so creative and the ingredients are so fresh.
I love putting together my own savory crepe and getting the Paris sweet crepe.
I come here at least once a week.
A bit on the pricey side but totally worth it!

Crepe on!!
The Crepe is located in Tivoli Village on the ground floor next to Kidville and the Indoor Market.
If you sneak a park near the elevator you'll pop right up next to it.
After reading some reviews and deciding to try something new in Tivoli, The Crepe was on the list of targets to try.
I'll start by saying the Crepe is a fence sitter!!!
Why you ask, well if you go by the reviews , this place is amazing 5 stars and others give it 2 stars.
And I can see how it could be both.
But I'll go by my experience if it helps.
So this business is kinda funky, it has a European decor that reminded me of a lot of places in Italy and France which I use to visit.
All they needed was an espresso coffee bar and boom you got a train station cafe in Italy.
Also a nice play area for the little ones is an added bonus.
Seating ourselves down, the first thing I noticed was the tables were a little small and the wooden chairs are super loud if you move them on the concrete floor.
Our sever gave us the menus and ask if we wanted drinks to start.
The table next to us was told about the specials which I we wish we heard.
They only serve bottle still or sparkling water, kinda strange but ok.
The sever bough 2 sizes of San pel and I asked for the small one but was only able to buy the big one, as the manager made a new rule.
(weird)  As the crepes are nationality based we went with Thailand and Poland Crepes with kids american pbj with banana.
All the crepes are built well and were extremely delicious.
My Thailand was great with only a hint of spice to it.
The kids crepe was pretty awesome as my son ate the whole thing.
During the days they have a fair amount of kids activities like sing along and story time.
At night they have Latin music and a bit of dancing.
I like this place.
It reminds me of time I spent in Europe, but I'm gonna give it only 3 stars.
The service was ok.
The food was actually pretty good.
But for the price, I'm gonna have to say it ain't worth it.
2 adult crepes.
1 kids crepe and 3 drinks was over $50 with tip.
I can see renting being high in Tivoli but maybe a more realistic price point this place could be a massive success .
Overall  Price: $$$ Service: 3-5 Food: 4-5 Drink: 3-5 Come back: yes

DELICIOUS!
I despise fake-ass Tivoli Village and its Botox Betty clientele, but this is a humble little jewel of authenticity in a sea of bourgeois poseury.
The Crepe is the only locally-owned restaurant in the complex, basically a start-up run by a young couple, and the place has a definite Euro vibe that might alienate some Ricky Bobby types.
A friend *INSISTED* I try this place, so I hitched up my wagons and forded the Summerlin Pkwy, journeying out to the wilds of upscale suburbia to see what all the fuss was.
And I was glad I did!
Come to find out, a crepe is basically just a (tastier) tortilla, and can be stuffed with pretty much anything -- sweet or savory -- to make what amounts to a burrito.
This place names each dish after a different country, so you can order crepes stuffed with Indian, Thai, Polish, Moroccan, Argentine, Bulgarian, Russian...almost ANY type of cuisine in the world!
And that's just the savory ones -- they also have a shit ton of dessert crepes stuffed with fruit, chocolate, nuts, etc.
I had the Greek (fabulous!!!
) followed by the Europa (Nutella and fruit).
I also had a few bites of my friend's Sofia (nuts and honey).
REALLY good!
I definitely plan to come back and try them all (except maybe the Scandinavian....ya know?!?!
)  I see from the other reviews on here that a chief complaint is service.
They only have a little tiny kitchen -- right in the open behind the counter -- so if the place is packed, I can see it taking some time to get your order.
But guess what?!?
It's a little startup, with a little kitchen and a little staff.
This ain't Brio!!
Cut 'em some slack!!!
Instead of getting your panties all twisted, chill the fuck out and enjoy the scene -- they have some form of live music or entertainment every night, from this smoking hot Italian opera singer dude to live jazz and tango.
They also have a kids' play area and supplies for making art.
What with all the interactive stuff and entertainment, the place has a real neighborhoody vibe -- when I was there a couple regulars dropped in just to say hi.
To be honest, I feel like this joint is a bit out of place here in Botoxlandia -- they would be a better fit downtown, where people aren't so fucking uptight.
But, they're stuck in ToryBurchville...so I guess you could consider them a lone outpost of the real world, like a Mars colony.
Next time I'm headed for Uranus, I'll stop off for sure!

Update:  After my first experience here, I was sitting on the fence.
I loved the food and the restaurant decor.
The effort you can see has gone into this business.
But maybe it was the service I was unsure about.
This time around I have to say i was quite impressed.
As always the food is amazing, and well worth the trip.
Service was ten fold better than the first time I was here.
I agree with another Yelper Sarah Jane, that even though Crepe is awesome, I think downtown would be the perfect fit for this business.
So right now I'll suffer with it being so close to my house.
Extremely kid friendly, if you have little ones this is the perfect place for a bite to eat and a play area to keep the little ones occupied.
Also make sure to ask about there stamp cards!!!
And also they are the first place in Las Vegas to use Bitcoin.

i really like the eggs Benedict crepe.
it is delicious and beautifully presented.
they also have delicious coffee and music at night.
tivoli village is a little escape in the city, we will go back.

This place might be just be the worst restaurant I have ever been at.
The food wasn't that horrible but it certainly wasn't great.
They don't serve tap water, supposedly they are too small.
If you can't, fine.
Just don't charge me 1.50 for a small bottle of pure life.
Today, it seems they were only taking reservations before one o'clock.
Yet they had a sign that said seat yourself and the girl at the register said we could sit anywhere.
I think it was Alex the owner who was bussing tables and walked between people instead of around them the entire time.
I am aware that the shortest distance is a straight line but don't make your guests uncomfortable by squeezing past me for no reason.
We shared the Britain.
It was a crepe filled with undercooked potatoes and bacon and decent eggs.
Maybe I don't fully grasp the crepe thing but I would suggest that crisp bacon and cooked potatoes might be more appealing.
If I had one more person ask me if I wanted a desert after eating a breakfast crepe and not take no for an answer I would have screamed.
They offered us a free father's day crepe when we got there and we said yes but they made us wait for something we DIDN'T ask for.
One waitress we didn't know stopped to ask me about my walking dead shirt.
She knew the show but only because her mom watches it.
She informed us in quite a snooty fashion that she reads.
Good for her.
Chef Agnes, what can I say?
She was telling the people next to us that they were waiting so long because of the aforementioned reservation that was needed before 1 pm.
Then she said it was miscommunication with the staff and that they should have never been seated and did they want some hot sauce because the crepe they ordered wasn't very flavorful.
I didn't just remember those things and put them in my own run on sentence, that is how she said it.
I have been to three highly recommended crepe places on Yelp.
I don't get it I guess.
However, the overall weirdness of this place reminds me of that Kitchen Nightmares in Arizona with the blonde and the old guy.....so they would have to make the best food ever to get more than one star.

I thought everyone's opinion made this a safe place to live it up..... Wrong.
Didn't try the food, thank God, as the small house payment for two coffees smaller than a senior cup at McDonalds was horrifying enough!
As we waited for our coffee every employee in the place approached us at least twice to try to seat us.
Not in a solicitous way, more of a creepy, boss stalker way.
Wouldn't go back for a free crepe, luckily I don't think they would offer.
A crepe is probably more costly than most vacations.
It tasted ok, but was $9 for what was seriously less than 1/2 cup TOTAL coffee in two cups.
Even the server apologized that my tiny cup was mostly empty.
I think cocaine us cheaper.

Fantastic dessert.
Will have to come back for breakfast lunch and Dinner.
Great ambiance,  music, food and service!

Crepes are so good here!
I have had some of their savory and their dessert crepes and have never been disappointed.
The owner is friendly and has always come out to personally check on us every time we've been there, a nice touch!
Last time I went, I had the Provence, which is a frequent special and it is my favorite by far.
On the other hand, the coffee is so, so.
I had a latte that was weak and luke warm.
After that I have just gone with an Americano, it's always been good.
If you have kids, the owner has a really nice section for kids set-up and they have live music most of the time.

Had the New York crepe and the Venetia.
Both portions were heart and presentation was beautiful.
Unfortunately both sisnt taste good.
The filling was bland and tasted a lot like chemical fillers (I'm sure they weren't).
Would have like the New York cheese cake to have more cheesy flavor to it but the chef said it 'captures the essence of cheesecake' but 1/3 the calories.
They should have labeled it that way on the menu.
In any case,  it didn't taste good.
The filling was super cold and it made the crepe turn a little hard.
I had an Americano coffee and it was bland.
Perhaps this is the taste profile they are going after.

Tango dancing late coffee they helped us out by taking our order after closing and we are enjoying tango dancers awesome only in las vegas.
Love it here.
The service is exceptional....,...........

Stopped here for dessert on the 4th of July after having dinner at another restaurant in Tivoli Village.
The crepes were divine.
I had the South Africa crepe which comes with lemon curd and creme.
It was light and delicious and just enough after a heavy meal.
My husband really enjoyed his Maui crepe with guava cream and pineapple.
My mom also loved her Europa (nutella, fruit).
They have Lavazza coffee and my cappuccino and her macchiato were prepared quickly.
The server was very pleasant and even though they were out of the tea my husband wanted, they were very quick to apologise and suggest a very good alternative.
I will definitely return so I can try all of the other very appetizing choices on their menu!

Me & My wife really enjoyed the food.
Specially, my wife is a vegetarian and very picky.
Even she enjoyed the food.
Their fresh orange juice is the best one.
Basically healthy food.
Friendly and courteous service.
We will recommend to any one.

My mom and I had a good and pleasant experience here.
Lots of crepes to choose from on the menu, plus a lot of coffee drinks and non-alcoholic cocktails.
Our server was SO friendly and sweet, I wish I had caught her name!
Overall, we were very satisfied.

Love this place for their customer service and crepes but, DO NOT EVER order their gelato!!!
$3.78 for three bite serving!!!
I should of checked the container before I left!
I work in Tivoli and was craving ice cream!
If I wasn't all the way back to my office and wasn't craving it so much, I would definitely take it back and ask for my money back and drive to vons and buy an entire gallon for this price!

Nice people, genuinely friendly, organic and local produce, kids area and activities, and nice thin delicious crepes.
We had the europa with nutella and berries, and the france with caramel creme.

