Walked in and I was greatly by their friendly stAff.
It is a very clean staff and Dr.Roach gave us a personal tour.
He is great with my Rottweiler.
She loved him and I was impressed...I recommend this place to everyone..

While on vacation the Dr.
Updated me about the dental cleaning .
Never expected that.
We will not be going anywhere else .
I strongly recommend Dr. Roach he and his staff are great 5times over.

Excellent Vet and beautiful, immaculate facility.
We brought our new puppy for her first exam and her 6 and 8 week shots combined.
The charges were MORE than reasonable.
They also offered free pet insurance for 30 days on her.
We have definitely found our new vet!

So glad google map led me to this vet just minutes away from my house.
I have been going to vca for a few years now.
They are overpriced and waiting is always an hour.
The staff at west Russell animal hospital is very friendly and I never have to wait.
Extremely adorable.
I bring all my pets here now.

Our puppy was in bad shape when we got her.
Today, you could never tell.
Dr. Roach took great precaution with our puppy (a 3lb yorkie) and made sure she was dewormed and her ear mites were gone.
We take her in at least once a month and his prices are so reasonable we don't even have insurance.
The facility is always clean and we are treated well.
Most importantly, Dr. Roach is great on updates and communication.
If never consider going anywhere else.

My brother, parents and myself now all take our fur babies to Dr. Roach.
He is professional and compassionate, and I couldn't ask for more.
The facility is bran new and extremely clean and the prices are awesome!
Can't go wrong.
If you are in need of a new vet don't hesitate!
I have also had my dogs groomed here and she did an awesome job!
They also have a boarding facility (have not used it yet, but would completely trust leaving my dogs there if I needed to)

The best vet in Las Vegas prices can't be beat and the care is great!!!!
You can't go wrong and the office is beautiful and clean and friendly staff!!!!
My kids both go to him and they love him;-) I've have sent a lot of coworkers to him and they really liked him.

After years of taking both of my dogs to a previous vet I was recommended to Dr Roach for some help with the breeding process.
Dr Roach and the staff are very kind they are not pushy with trying to sell you everything under the sun!
The office is brand new and very clean.
We have now switched vets and will continue to take our pups here for all there needs from now on!

My new beagle puppy needed to get seen for some bugs he had on him.
The doctors and receptionists in the front were very friendly and welcoming towards Eros and got me fixed up within the hour!
The doctor was more than happy to write down a detailed explanation of any other care questions I had about taking care of my puppy and the experience left me confident and satisfied with his visit.
Highly recommend visiting this place for all pet owners!

Took my new 7 weeks old baby husky here a couple days ago.
This place is brand new, they use iPads for everything!
Very clean, modern, and the staff are so nice and friendly.

Dr. Roach takes more than a medical approach in caring for his four legged patients.
He goes the extra mile in developing a relationship with my pets while also providing the best service available.
Not all pets enjoy the vet.
But he introduces himself to his patients by giving them tasty treats that will make your dogs want to come back.
Supporting him is a very friendly and courteous staff.
This is a new animal hospital with a very warm and welcoming atmosphere for your pets.
There are separate doors for cats and dogs so they don't get tangled up.
The prices are beyond reasonable.
It surprises me of how affordable dog care is.
In all, Dr. Roach has won the hearts of my pets.

Love this place .
Brought our new pup in and they take pictures of their patients now.
So cute.

I took my elderly kitty here for shots and a check up, and the visiting vet said he had terrible dental disease and would need a few teeth pulled.
They quoted me a really reasonable range of prices.
When Sid came in to actually get his teeth pulled, they realized after a cleaning that he only needed ONE tooth pulled.
He's like a new kitty, with young pearly whites, again!
Unlike most vets in this town, the new price reflected that the work done was not as extensive as quoted, so the price was less.
As a college student, I seriously appreciated that.
Dr Roach took me to the back room and showed me the x-rays, as well as before and after shots of work done.
He wanted me to fully understand what had gone on, and wanted me involved in the process so I could properly care for my kitty post-op.
SUPER COOL GUY.
I've had bad experiences with other vets and I am SO impressed with Dr Roach and his staff.
They take great care of Sid and explain everything in detail with me when we visit.
We're going back soon for grooming and a check up after dental work, and I'm happy to do so.
Highly recommended for all your pet's needs.

Dr. Roach, his team, and his practice are all exceptional!!!
From the minute you walk in, you know you're in the best hands.
Not only are the vet and his team incredibly warm and friendly and the fees super reasonable - and the services provided white glove in their delivery and care - but West Russell is also the best place to board an animal.
Regarding boarding - the dog runs are clean, big and welcoming!
(They have several options re: size and with or without watch-at-home cameras.
) Our Whippet has stayed here several times for long weekends and she always seems happy and rested when we pick her up.
Plus, her tail wags as she runs in to the place every time we come to drop her off.
Stop by, take a tour, meet the team - you'll know this is the best vet practice possible!

If you want love and attention for your pets Dr. Roach and his team , are the ones to goto.

