Friendly staff, quick service.
The new store employees make an effort to engage each customer.
Same jimmy johns food, but in a fresh new spot.
Clean, good food, reasonable prices, go in late and get a good deal on day old bread.

I'm a huge fan of J.J. and am thrilled that this little shop has opened here.
Their quality  is great and I bought 4 sandwiches and was out the door in a flash.

Really delicious and they deliver.
I have plenty left over for lunch tomorrow.
The sandwich was perfectly made and the pickle was the high quality deli kind.

This location NEVER disappoints me.
They really are freakishly fast here!
Every delivery I get is with a smile and friendliness.
My food is always correct.
Nothing is ever forgotten.
Coworker's food is always labeled correctly.
The veggies on the subs are always fresh.
The pickles are amazing!
(Who else offers three ways to order a pickle??
whole, halved or quartered) I will definitely keep on ordering.

I came here yesterday and had great service.
Sandwich was great.
Service was fast.
But today I came here again and when I got to my car I noticed that there was no cheese in my sandwich so I went inside and asked for a couple piece to put on it.
Max, a short Hispanic male worker, was at the register and started asking me for my order details then my ticket number.
He started pushing buttons on the register for about four minutes, making a few pieces of cheese a huge deal.
When another customer came in he told me to step aside and he will have to keep looking for my ticket so he can charge me for the cheese.
I told him to just charge me then.
He was very rude with every word that came out of his mouth.
There were several other employees there that told him to just hit the cheese button at which point he snapped at them and said, "don't argue with me!
"  I couldn't believe the disrespect, to me the customer and to his coworkers.
This guy has no business being in customer service.
He should be moved to the back to wash dishes if he can't handle being polite.
After he snapped at the coworker, another one put two pieces of cheese in a sleeve and gave it to me.
She said she was just going to pay for it.
I gave I've star for this restaurant based on Max.
If he gets removed from here then I will review my rating.

