I can't believe I'm the first to review.
This is a mellow sports bar with a lot of flat screen TVs, a terrific bartender and affable, efficient servers.
Of course after my miserable day in Las Vegas the day of the marathon (who knew there was a marathon which paralyzed the city and rendered all travel impossible or affordable, transforming 20 dollar cab rides into 120 dollar nightmares?
), I would have been happy with almost anything.
But the 20 buck prime rib dinner with great baked potato and peas/carrots (no butter and a concession to healthy eating, I take it) was GREAT.
And I don't even drink beer but the Scotch Ale which the bartender let me sample was so good I bought two (and someone else bought me a third).
There is a fancier steakhouse here but the security guy told me Wicked Vicky is just as good and a lot cheaper.
Most burgers and pizzas are in the 10-13 range and my prime rib dinner and two beers only 35 pre-tip.
One of the better places to eat on a budget at this end of the strip.
Peppermill the best breakfast in this area, according to the same security guy from New York, the fifth person today to tell me s/he hopes I don't hold this trip against Las Vegas.
Everyone feels guilty about this marathon which basically ruins Vegas for a day.

My boyfriend and I just sat down for 20 mins waiting to be approached by the server.
We saw the sever and the bar tender talking at the bar the entire time.
As I left I told the two girls "thank you for the service!
" Ridiculous!!!
They must've had a bad night.
Not to mention the restaurant was dead.
Never coming here again!

Nice place for a beer and bar food inside the Riviera.
The draft beer selection is good and included dark beer beyond Guinness, which is rare.
I had a pizza and it was properly cooked with a nice crust and the right amount of sauce and cheese.
I was greeted by the hostess as I entered and sat "outside" in the area open to the casino.
I could watch people going by as well as the football game on the large flat screen out there, and hear just enough from the TV in the bar to follow the game.
My waitress was attentive and skilled and took great care of me.
A great place for a simple meal.

We had a nice lunch today so my dad could watch the football.
Cool, lively atmosphere and surprisingly good food!
We started with hot wings and they were delicious!
Crispy and with a little kick.
My bf and I split a Bavarian Pretzel and it was enormous!
It was warm and salty, I really enjoyed it.
Despite it being super busy, the service was pretty good.

Vegas is not a beer town.
In fact, it's down right difficult to find a non macro brew, and for a reasonable price.
Wicked Vicky Tavern has about 30 beers on tap, a nice change of pace compared to the rest of the Strip.
Even though those 30 are typically available in most other cities, it goes a long way in this town.
Plus the prices are fairly reasonable.
They also have numerous other beers in bottles, as they claim to have "100+ beers".
The downside is that you have to travel through the smokey Riviera.
But if you actually want a selection of beer rather than a yard of sugar water + Everclear, might as well swing in and give Wicked Vicky a try.

I was ignored the first time for 20 minutes.
I was ignored the second time for 14.
The third time, we were ignored for 10.
We were staying in the Riv so it was easy eats... and reasonably well prepared (burger was perfect... eggs benny was also great)... but the service makes it hard to give it anything but a two.
Great beers on tap though --- so maybe just sit at the bar?
The one time I got great service, I sat at the bar.
There you go!
A positive tip!

Horrendous.
Bartender - rude rude rude.
Thanks for making my girl wait 10 minutes to get her shot, so you can look it up on how to make it.
And then make 6 drinks before hers to others who came after.
Thanks for answering my question about your not so great beer selection (with an attitude) then telling me your out of my favorite beer, THEN POURING ONE FOR SOMEONE ELSE.
0 personality, 0 care factor, 0 chances we'll ever return.

We were in the Riviera for an event and we didn't want to bother to leave to eat.
We should have bothered!
Long wait in the stinky casino even though there were obviously tables open.
Long wait for our food, which was VERY basic - Caesar salad, nachos and chicken fingers which we all would share.
How can that take 40+ minutes?
The chicken was fine.
The salad was limp and overdressed.
The nachos were huge and good.
Also, my husband's beer arrived warm so he didn't finish it.
Overall, a disappointing experience.

Wicked terrible is what i think.
The service was horrible, the pulled pork sandwich came out with that raw taste, and it wasn't clean.
There were table staying dirty for longer than we were even there.
Management was no help to their staff at all.
All that said, our waitress was really nice, but I would not go there again.

They serve Schlitz in a can!
The claim is 100 brews.
30 on tap including favs like Batch 19 & Guinness.
The reason I come here is music & Batch 19 pitchers for $17.
It is a shame that it is in a casino that isn't really a great place for locals or tourists who want great live music.
I can't speak of any food here besides the fries; the fries were good, but I was almost done with my pitcher, so I had an impaired view of the food.
The sound here is good.
And loud.
be aware if you are sitting in the main dining area & want to have a conversation while there is a band.
The servers aren't as attentive as I would like, but I do understand since it gets pretty loud in there.
Last time I was there, a server asked about another group who, seemingly, had skipped out on their tab.
That group was gone for a solid 10 minutes before she had noticed.
They actually were taking one of their drunken members back to their hotel room and had came back for more music & cocktails.
WOOOHOOO!
Also, the bartender seemed to think he was working at Dick's Last Resort (are you picking up what I am putting down, hint, hint).
Thank you, no.
If i am here again, I'll deal with the waitstaff.
For those interested, their are also darts, beer pong tables, pool, & a Foosball table.
These are actually outside the back (stage) door but are considered part of the bar.
Also, some kind of sports video game (prolly Golden Tee or some such nonsense).
Not pricey, good beer, loud music.
Those should be the reasons one would come here.
All else, is secondary.

My experience here was okay.
Service was just a little slow, but not so much that I would not come back.
My boyfriend enjoyed his pizza very much, and I had the prime rib sandwich, which again, was ok.
I would eat here again if it was convenient to do so, but would not go out of my way to return.

Came here when staying at the riviera.
Waited for the hostess as the sign said wait to be seated.
After 2 minutes of no acknowledgement or sign of a hostess I grabbed a menu and sat myself at the bar area.
I continued to be ignored.
I counted maybe 5 servers pass by plus a bartender who was too busy to acknowledge me.
After 10 minutes I was fed up and left.
Possibly my worst Vegas experience in a bar/restaurant ever.
Skip this place!
Oh and the hostess magically appeared at her station as I left!

This used to be a British pub.
Now it's a sports bar in a Brit pub space.
The service is alright.
Not exactly knowledgeable or attentive, but friendly enough.
The beer offerings are rather standard with not much particularly interesting.
What was awesome was the beertail called the Vegas Snake Bite.
It's fireball whiskey, Magner's cider, and a beer of your choice (it's supposed to be PBR according to the menu, but the menu is all incorrect apparently).
It comes in a pint glass with ice and a straw.
Order it without ice and ditch the straw.
The food was alright.
Edible.
But pretty much straight from the freezer bulk food items.
The calamari was bleh at best.
The popcorn shrimp was tasty enough.
The bangers and mash was decent.
Overall, a good place to drink and watch sports.
They have live music some nights too.
Don't expect much from the food or service.
And be prepared to wait 20-30 minutes for a table.

Worst service in Las Vegas.
If the manager is reading this please FIRE all of your staff immediately.
No silverware, no napkins, no waters.... She never even checked up on us nor did she clear the dirty plates.
Luckily the wicked burger was absolutely delicious and with a beer only $9.99 special.

I don't give out too many poor reviews, but during my recent stay here at the Rivera I think this is my first.
Went here for breakfast, a half hour after opening, and had to stand out front for 10 min before being acknowledged.
Once finally seated, I had eggs and bacon.
The bacon I think was microwaved, hashbrowns were taken out of a kitchen toaster, and after asked twice we never got our coffee.
Don't come here.

This is not a bad place at all, but only good for quick and standard food.
I landed in this place at 11:30pm on a Saturday on my first night in Vegas right off the plane.
My girlfriend and I were starving so this was perfect since we just checked in and were exhausted.
The services was friendly, but like another mentioned, its only good for bulk freezer food.
We had some chicken wings and split a burger.
It was decent.
If your hungry and need to eat quick, go here.
If you have time and want some better quality food, go somewhere else.
BUT - When I did arrive late night, they had an awesome hard rock band playing awesome ozzy, maiden, and more.
That was an awesome introduction to Vegas :)

DON'T DO IT!!!
This place is gross, calamari tasted like  frozen fish sticks :(.
Medium well burger was medium rare and zero flavor.
I assume it also came out of the freezer section of Costco.
Hey chef, freezer burn isn't a tasty seasoning choice.

Avoid the late night menu at all cost.
Calamari is terrible- definitely comes from a frozen bag and served with a gelatinous mess of a sauce.
Ordered a medium- well burger that came out practically raw.
Paid the price for eating it anyways all night and in the morning.
The fries were good, but that was it.
Service was below-average at best.
There was a cover band playing that was enjoyable, but not enough to ever lead me to eat here again.

Beer/cider wise I was pretty impressed.
Good selection of items on tap and the service was fast and friendly.
The food: not so great.
I got a pizza and it was lukewarm and tasted like not much.
Pricey drinks- cheap food.
There you go.

Wow!
Horrible horrible horrible service.
1) The couple in front of us were seated immediately, then the hostess/mgr whatever looked at me TWICE & BLATANTLY ignored us standing there 2) When ms snotty at the hostess station FINALLY could be bothered to turn around she said "it's at least a 15-20 min wait before a server can get to you even tho they had empty tables".
we were like " wtf?".
she just turned away like we were bothering her stupid ass  Rude ass people

Was pleasantly surprised by this tavern.
I expected an old, smoky, run down joint but it wasn't.
It was dark like a tavern but clean and nice with lots of TVs all over so any seat had a view of a TV or 2.
I got the steak salad and it was really good.
Mind you the steak wasn't Ruth Chris but it was a nice steak, prepared exactly the way I requested, Medium.
The mix greens was fresh and it had avocados, green beans, tomatoes with a balsamic dressing.
My mom got the chicken chopped BBQ salad and it looked good too.
She liked it.
I mean... these salads were pretty hearty... not wimpy or skimpy at all.
The husband got a burger and it was big and juicy too with lots of French fries.
Oh!
And the Pretzel.... order the Pretzel appetizer.
The pretzel is HUGE and comes with a super flavorful Ale Mustard dip.
You wouldn't think Ale and Mustard would go together... but it does.
I was stealing French fries and dipping it in the sauce.
:)  The service was a little slow but I think the kitchen was slow turning food orders and there were only 2 servers that I can see working the whole restaurant.
Overall, if I was at the Riviera again...
I'd definitely go here again... especially for the pretzel.

Wow.
Where do I start.
The place looks great.
A lot of big tvs with multiple games pkaying.
Great selection on beer and spirits.
Thats the only positive.
I had Daniella as a server.
She took my order and brought it to my table.
Thats about it.
I needed condiments for my dry burger.
Waited 20 min (just to see if she would check up on me).
Nothing.
She walked by me multiple times without any check up.
I drank my beer and wanted another.
Had to go to the bar to get 1.
Horrible service.
Bad food.
Cool place (only reason they got 1 star)

We went here many times over the past few days and spent $$$.
Based upon those good experiences, we went back today for lunch and got totally ignored.
First visit, 4 stars, 2nd visit 4 stars, 3rd visit stars, this visit 1 star.

Come for the food stay for the entertainment.
If you're ever at the Rivera this is the place to go to to for great live entertainment and good food.
My husband and I had a great time there.
We will be going back soon

So said, it used ot be a British pub and was god, good food, good service.
Went there friday night with a groupon, thank goodness!!!
We had to wait to be seated although there were tables open, wait to order, wait 15 or more minutes for a beer from tap, wait for food, scavenge hunt for ketchup.
So So sad how this place went downhill so quickly.
Being a local, I could go back and could recommend, but we wont and wont.
Just say no and dont go!!

Good service.
Good food.
Waitresses have always been friendly.
Good atmosphere.
We like to hang out here.

Would give 3.5 stars if there was an option.
Here for friends wedding.
staying for 3 days.
me and my friend got a great groupon deal for 25$.
get a couple beers, a couple apps and 2 show tickets.
went on a tues night.
weird night .
was slow.
then quickly picked up then died out again.
then picked up again lol.
sat at bar.
bartender was great.
gave us some good advice on best apps and beer since we wanted to try something new.
the food was ok. nothing innovative but tasted good.
based on this night would have given it 4 - 4.5 stars.
Where it lost some of its luster is the difference between night and day with the staff.
Tues night had a blast.
joked with bartender and 1 or 2 of servers as we sat at bar.
Had fun so we decided to stop in again on wed night.
Wow.. what a difference.
we were disappointed the same bartender was not there but gave it a go anyway.
First off waited a bit to even get acknowledged, not sure why it was slow.
Asked for more advice on beer, was given a list and he walked away.
asked which beers are good was told all beer is good .
not much help from this guy.
then watched as he yelled at a server loud enough for a few of us at bar to hear.
We asked the server if this guy is alway like this , she said yes.
Everyone hates working with him.
Wow management.
Maybe talk to your staff and see what works and what doesnt .
After drinking our beer and watching this guy wander around aimlessly we decided to leave.
Only way we will return is if a different bartender is working.

The appetizers are freaking amazing.
Underrated bar.
Has great music.
Great service.
The chicken wings sauce to freaking die for if you're not a sissy b*#%h about hot sauce.
Give it a try, definitely worth it.

Giving this 2 stars because the food was okay but the service was terrible.
The place wasn't busy and waited forever to take order, bring food, then get us bills and change.
The waitress never checked on us we had to waive her down she would walk past us and ignore us.
Just average food you could probably get the same food and service at McDonald's.

We stopped by here 1 morning for breakfast as we saw an advertising for a $4 breakfast.
The hostess sat us right away, but the server took a little while to come by.
We finally ordered, but it took quite a while for the food to come out.
My buddy & I ordered the steak & eggs while our other friend ordered the $4 breakfast.
The $4 breakfast came with 1 scrambled egg, 1 pancake, 1 bacon & 1 sausage patty.
She ordered a side of hashbrowns too.
Everything on her plate tasted like McDonald's.
It was like they ordered a deluxe big breakfast from McD's and brought it over.
Even the hashbrowns were the same shape, but they were fried way beyond that point.
There was so much grease that the ketchup wouldn't stick to her hashbrowns.
Though my friend and I both ordered our steaks medium rare, his came out well done and mine was medium well.
I had a sliver of pink in the middle of my steak.
It was dry & tough.
We should have known better than to order that here.
Our hashbrowns were greasy as hell also.
Even my over easy was pretty much over hard.
90% of my yolk was solid.
I don't recommend this spot at all.
The food is pretty bad, it's sort of pricey ($15 for crappy steak & eggs) and the service is not very good either.

I think people give this place less than 5 srars because they are either too broke or can't use coupons right.
I been 3 times to this place on my 3 day vegas trip.
Staff was very helpful B and B was awesome for 10.95 The Alfredo and Mac cheese are to die for Tvs all over for sports.
Very quiet Cheap prices and large portions  Whoever rates this a 4 or 5 are just people who go to vegas in groups and are too poor to enjoy themselves since they are stingy and shouldn't be jn vegas anyways.
Great staff..beer...and chefs

