My friend alerted that my brakes were doing something funky so I stopped by Lyons late friday afternoon.
They were supposed to close in a few minutes after i got there but i was okay with getting it back the next day but i got a text from the shop owner maybe 1.5 hours later that it was done -- Great service, very friendly staff, and a great deal.
I've had some really bad experiences with large brake shops like the one down the street from here but these guys took care of me.
Nice to find a honest mechanic near my house i can take my car to.
I don't have any crazy custom ride so don't let the rest of what they do fool you or scare you away cos you might think it may be pricey -- it just shows you the talent they have working in their shop.
I'd recommend to anyone which i very rarely can say about an auto repair place :)

James put in a rear view lcd back up mirror, a drop down dvd player, and a tablet in my dash (nexus 7).
He did an awesome job!
It looks so good, everyone I show is blown away and his prices are great.
I shopped around and had other installers tell me it would be nearly $2000.
Just to put the tablet in, James did it easier, faster, less expensive, and much more functional!
It was a tenth of the cost to go Herr than anywhere else.
He saw what I wanted and executed it flawlessly!
Thanks you Lyons Customz MotorSports!

This place is solid!
The owner is super nice and they are not out to rip anyone off.
They are out to help your ride out!
I had a Air Intake flow put on my car I bought for them and they custom fitted it to my car!
I bought some after market products that they also installed for me as well.
The shop it self is not very large and mostly has amp, speakers, and radios.
If you are looking to get audio work done this looks like the place!
You won't see this place off the street very well because it is hidden behind the car wash.
They roll in around 11 a.m and stay until the job is done!
They spent allot of time on my car to make sure everything was right.
I will be going back to get more stuff done in the future!
Like the website says "YOU DREAM IT, WE DESIGN IT"  It is as simple as that.
So if you want to have some fun with your car go to this place!

