Just found this place...
Loved it!
Nice owners, clean clean clean and brand new massage chairs.
Also my first time with gel nails, which was definitely worth the extra cost.
They were offering a 10% off grand opening discount as well!

If you're considering a visit, DO IT!
I followed Tiffany (the daughter of the group) from a previous salon because she's THAT good.
I've been doing manicures on myself for years because I didn't trust anyone else to do them well (lots of wasted time and money).
I found her and I was immediately sold.
I currently live in California and still only go to her when I come visit.
Thank goodness I'm moving to the area soon!
It's clean, friendly, personal, professional, and fun!
Brand massage pedicure chairs mixed with a hot stone and oil rub...I was in heaven.

I was looking for a new place near my work and found this amazing place.
I loved it and prices are not too bad.
It is very clean and they are very nice people.
I would defintely go again and refer my friends and family too!!!!!

I am really picky about my nails and where I get them done.
Because of yelp I went to marvel and the review were right.
Clean, friendly and quality.
It is family run and it is evident in their teamwork.
Nancy did my nails (she is the mom) and she was meticulous with her detail work.
Tiffany (the daughter and Manager) was very friendly and listened to what my needs were.
For once, I got personal and good service.
Something that is rare when looking for a nail salon.
I definitely will return and recommend this place.

First all I need to say is WOW!!!!!!!!
I read the reviews on YELP and they were right on the money.
I had my gel nails removed and had white tips put on.
My nail technician was "dad".
He is sooooo sweet , we hit it off right away.
We laughed and his service was IMPECCABLE.
I LOVE MY NAILS .....He offered me green tea (which was the BEST  I have ever had) .
We talked about Vietnam,  our mothers etc.
When I asked to have my nails done in an oval, Tiffany (daughter ) took over.
That woman knows her stuff!!!!!!
She takes her time and is such a pleasure to chat with .
While I was talking with her I decided to have my toe nails polished changed to the color she had on her fingers.
She said "of course no problem".
" Dad" took care of me while she assisted another client.
He even very gently took care of my ingrown toenail, which he did not have too since all I was getting was a polish change.
He then asked if I wanted a design and I got "Mom"..........BEAUTIFUL JOB!!!!!!
Well since i was able to experience the "WHOLE FAMILY" today , I know I will be back and am confident that I will NEVER be disappointed.
YEAH!!!
I have found my new nail salon .............I walked out of there for only &36..........FULL SET WHITE TIPS and polish change ......................see you guys in two weeks Marvel Nails.............You guys are MARVELOUS :)

Amazing service from beginning to end.
New massage chair, hot water, great pedicure, perfect design by Tiffany, and precise job on my fill.
Will definitely be back!
I have tried other nail salons in the area and very dissatisfied.
Nice to find someplace that is friendly and really good.

My new favorite place to go!
Everyone was really nice.
She took her time to make sure that it was something that I would like.
Definitely coming back for more!
Thanks again Tiffany.

Very pleased with the gel nails.
The dad did mine once, and they looked perfect, natural and stayed on for at least two weeks.
Tiffany is awesome as well.
So glad I found them!

Best service of any nail place in the valley.
Very friendly and makes sure you are happy before you leave.

Great service!!
The dad did my nails, Nicest guy and super thorough!
They're extremely affordable and extremely personable!
I'll be recommending them to my friends and going back for sure!

I am so happy with all aspects.
I recently moved from San Francisco and I am particular about my beauty salons.
Quality was outstanding, super clean environment and Tiffany and her family were very friendly.
I will definitely be coming back very soon!

Found this nail spa seconds from my house and love it!!!
Tiffany is outstanding!
Definitely going back!

I'm only in Arizona for a visit and wish I could take this salon back home with me to California!
Clean, great customer service, and comfy new spa chairs!

I'm so happy with my nails Tiffany did a great job this is my nail place forever very reasonable prices no grinding and very quick without the rush feeling

This place is great!
I have had my nails done by each of the three family members (Nancy, her husband and Tiffany).
I never had gel nails until I started going to this place and I always get compliments.

Family own and operated spot.
First time there and wont be my last!
Tiffany is great.
Did just what I wanted, and the dad is awesome too , very hospitable.

I go to ASU and found myself with some time between classes last week.
I needed a gel mani/pedi so I turned to Yelp.
After reading some ho-hum reviews of other places, I found Marvel and decided to give them a try.
I am so glad I found this absolute gem of a shop!
Tiffany, Nancy, and "Dad" are great!
For my first visit, Dad did my pedi and the gel.
The shop is pretty, very clean, bright, and comfortable.
The tools used were sanitized, the massage chairs top of the line, and the service warm and welcoming.
I was offered bottled water or tea while my pedicure was done.
You have the choice of different packages and I went with the VIP which includes callus remover, sugar scrub, paraffin treatment, hot stone massage, and hot towel.
It was wonderful!
My manicure was wonderful as well with lotion massage and warm towel and oil to finish everything.
The polish and gel came out great!
I returned yesterday for another visit with the same services, this time Nancy helped me.
She did an absolute fantastic job and I have had compliments already!
I live over in Glendale, and would happily drive over to Tempe just for this salon.
I highly recommend them for all your nail care needs!

This place was amazing!
Everyone was so nice and accommodating!
They were VERY clean and Tiffany did an awesome job on my nail design.

Thank you for taking me so close to closing time.
Tiffany is so nice.
Great customer service!
Don't let the area fool you!

Another great manicure at marvel and mom did my brows perfect we have found our nail place

I went to Marvel Nails for a gel manicure when I was visiting a friend in town.
I got a bright pink with glitter gradient on the tips and they look fantastic.
Even now, two and a half weeks later ~ they've grown out a bit, of course, but the polish hasn't chipped or faded in the slightest.
I only wish I was in the Phoenix area again for my next mani!

I am definitely a fan!
I have searched and searched for a great nail salon with good customer service and i have finally found it!
i will be coming back here again!
although i do think this place can use a little re-vamping!
it could use some nice decor!

I was visiting the Phoenix area and spotted this salon via Yelp....the best experience hands down!
Not only was the service exceptional, but I noticed the nail art designs and decided to have my toes done....I have received compliments all week!
Thank you all for making my experience wonderful!
When I return to the Phoenix area, there is now only one place I will be getting my nails done!!
Tiffany your nail art skills are impressive!
Thank you!

I'm in need of a new nail salon and after checking yelp, this is where I landed.
First visit was pretty great.
Tiffany was great and did a great glitter ombre on my mani/pedi.
I will be back for sure.

I am actually posting this from the salon as I'm getting my nails done.
A friendly man named John did my pedicure and it was nice.
I've had better, but I've definitely had worse.
John also did my gel manicure, however Tiffany was going to apply the design.
When I sat down in her chair, she said, "I'm sorry, but these need to come off.
He got the color on your skin.
If you leave them like this, they will lift within a week.
You can stay and we will fix them, or you can come back in a week and I will fix them for free.
"  Marvel Nails and Spa is a (CLEAN) hole in the wall, however, it's their integrity and awesome work ethic is what will keep me coming back.

I love this place!
I will def be back.
It's family oriented.
I was so happy with my results.
Hard finding a great shop.
My nail tech was "dad" so sweet and the best sculpture I've been at in awhile.
The manager and his daughter is very talented with her designs.
I will be going back.

Okay okay okay I think two times is enough for me to gather a decent amount of things to say about this amazing establishment.
I have never felt more welcome in a nail salon (except for one my old coworker owns in chandler mall) to where I want to return to not only because of the warm vibes I get but from the amazing work that Tiffany and the rest of her family have done on both mine and my friends nails that I brought with me.
The first day I only had time to get my gel nail manicure done and they turned out better than I had hoped.
Especially 250% better than the last place I wrote a review on in gilbert.
The second day I had wanted to get a pedicure since they have a check In offer (which I hate asking about because you never know what to expect if a business will look at you like you're completely insane or be accepting and understand what is going on) and Tiffany already knew I had checked in so I would get my 10% off of the service.
I cannot wait to try their best pedicure package because I literally was ready to doze off when I was getting my feet massaged.
Some places focus more on the legs and for me personally I'm not a fan of my tibia being roughly massaged on like I've had in the past.
The last pedicure I had at sky nails almost made me want to never get a pedicure again.
I've never been in so much pain getting a pedicure before.
Thank you Jesus for marvel nails I will never stray!
It is absolutely the worst trying to find the perfect nail salon but I will search no further and don't have to go to multiple places for different services.
It's so much nicer if you can trust a place to do a good job on both massaging your feet and knowing how to do your nails correctly.
I cannot wait for my 2-3 week marker when I can get my next pedicure it shall be epic I am sure.
Then I will have to drag my boyfriend in as well so he can experience the magic!

AMANZING!!!
I normally don't get my nails done but am so happy I did!
They lasted much longer than any other place and I loved the way they looked.
Next time (and every other time) I will only be coming here!!
The father (not sure on his name) was the best!

Such a great place!
First time in and she did a wonderful job!
I showed her a picture of the chevron design and she was able to do it for me!
I'm in love!
Definitely would go back!
Price is great as well!
Not too expensive

I have been so disappointed with nail salons in  Az but finally I found one I adore!!!
If your looking for a clean, relaxing salon this is the place!!!
The staff are friendly,experienced and give amazing foot massages!!!
I can't rave enough about this place!!
Best pedi ever!

I really liked this place.
The older gentleman did my nails exactly how I wanted them and so did the woman who worked on my toes.
The only problem was my nails kept getting air bubbles when drying so I had to constantly have them repaint it.
But still I finally found a nail.place.

Based on other Yelp reviews, my husband and I came in today to get pedis.
We loved it!!
Very clean with massage chairs that do a better job getting out the knots than a masseuse I recently paid.
We felt like great care was taken with our feet- we both felt pampered and very relaxed.
The polish job was easily among the best I've gotten.
Highly recommend!

This is my second time here.
I had my manicure this weekend and they did a great job with painting my nails completely and the nail design.
They were even able to fix a couple of broken nails.
Today I'm getting my pedicure because I didn't have time this weekend and this is he best massage I've had during a pedicure in a long time.
They aren't rushing and they are actually using some pressure and not just rubbing my legs lol.

First I'm picky on waxing my eye brows the Lady here listened to me and did exactly what I wanted and I wasn't charged much.
I had my nails filled and they were quick he filed them a little narrow but they came Out nice.
I think I still may look around town and try other places...
The waxing was great Tho

