This place is the best place to buy guns or ammo, they are literally the cheapest place in the valley for guns and ammo.
I will always buy my guns and ammo from them.
They guys who work the counter are really nice and don't treat you like an idiot when you're asking questions about guns you don't know.
I'd recommend this place to anyone!

This place is awesome..great selection of pistols and rifles..they know what they are talking about...will visit them again..

This is the place to get your guns n ammo.
In my opinion the only place that competes is scottsdale gun club.
This place is quick to get what you need though, 5 stars!
Just wanted to give an update to let people know this location opens at 10 AM and I think they close at 5 or 6

Ive bought almost all my guns from Pistol Parlour.
The lady ( Marilyn I think) is very helpfull and the guys at the counter seem to love their jobs.
Love the new place.
Best gun shop I've been to!!!!
Purchace from them.
You won't be sorry!!

I have had nothing but great experiences here, the staff is very friendly, prices are great to.
I had them order a rifle for me and they were prompt about placing the order, and calling when it came in.
The new location is nice and has a lot more room.
They certainly earned my business from now on.

Very nice gun shop.
It's fairly large and they have a ton of AR-15's, some AR-10's, and what surprised me was that they had a .338 LAPUA for sale...that's not a common gun to see in a gun store.
Hell, I only saw 1 for sale at the last gun show.
I was so tempted to buy it....but I'm saving up for a different model.
The guys here were super helpful and allowed me to check out several guns.
I'm not one who will buy right away, so I didn't leave with a firearm, but I did get several magazines and other accessories I was shopping for.
I'd definitely come back and give these guys my business.
Return Factor - 90%

They have a decent selection, but the customer service was lacking.
We tried to look at a few different items and were ignored.
After waiting about 5 minutes we decided to leave.

I have dealt with Clyde (the owner) and his staff for 30+ years.
You can not stay in business that long if service and product availability is lacking.
It is just the opposite.
Pricing has ALWAYS been good.
Service has ALWAYS been solid and consistent over all these decades.
Of course, clientele has changed, and changed dramatically in the last several years.
Impulse buyers are coming out in droves.
An undereducated and sensitive lot they are.
Expectations all over the board.
The Pistol Parlour has weathered these fluctuations in the market far better than ANY shop in the Phoenix metropolitan area.
Simply put, buy with confidence.

I've been in a few times and I absolutely love this place.
It's rare to find friendly and helpful staff at gun shops these days.
Most folks are just too cool for school.
Everyone here was more than happy to talk to me about anything in the shop and even stuff they didn't have in stock.
Good prices, lots in stock.
Plenty of AR stuff too.
I'll drop plenty money here in the future.
It's way too close to my work, lol!

