Maybe it was because I had a groupon that the stylist (and owner) was horrible to me- but if you don't want to spend time on people who have groupons, don't sell groupons!
Duh!
Anyway- he told me my hair was too short for him to do anything with.
He said to let it grow two months and then come back and he could cut it, but he still sure as heck took out his texturizing shears and made a few cuts so that he could redeem the groupon.
Plus, I can't be 100% certain, but when I walked in, I'm pretty sure he and his girlfriend started talking about me to each other in another language.
And I clearly interrupted him doing her hair (even though I had an appointment).
Altogether I was in there for 30 minutes- 10 minutes waiting, 10 minutes getting shampooed and 10 minutes "cutting and styling.
" Not an ice cube's chance in hell that I will ever go back.

I wish I could do negative stars!!!
He discriminated against me because I am mixed.
I came to the salon on a rainy day looking jacked up so I had a hat on.
After having to wait 3 weeks for a opening when I get there he looks me up and down and says "blowout wont work on your kinda people hair".
Mind you I'm wearing a hat he has NO IDEA what my hair looks like all he saw was my brown skin.
I am appalled and will be getting my living social refund and placing SEVERAL complaints!
It clearly states works on ANY hair type in his ad.
Also there are plenty YouTube videos with mixed girls getting Brazilian blowouts , he needs to get real!

I purchased two living Social deals for the Brazilian blow out, I call and make appointment  a month In advanced for TWO people!
Month passes by my sister and I are extremely excited to go, we show up and he (Eli) says that there is only one appointment  and nothing else...
He supposedly says he called to reschedule which is BS because he didn't even take my number down when I called for the appointment, and i would of known if he called or not or else I wouldn't even shown up, anyways he says he can only do one person because they're super short staffed so whatever, my sister had to reschedule because I work.
Anyways...
While doing my hair he is so rough with my hair!
He is always on his damn phone doesn't even talk to me I mean he's not a therapist but still small talk would be nice!
He would go back and fourth to myself and another women that was sitting down already she also got a blowout.
An hour goes by and he's done.. And seriously my hair looks the EXACT same.
He tells me not to wash it for 4 days.
So I don't I washed it after the 5th day and my hair is CURLY!!!!!
WTF Is this?!
I don't know if he only acts like this towards people that buy the deal on living Social.
If so then don't post a deal in the first place!
I am NOT coming back to this salon.
And I recommend anyone else to not come.

Ugh no....

You may have to wait a little bit but it's well worth it.
Eli is a master stylist.
My hairdresser of 12 years moved to another city and Eli was referred to me.
He is the best I have ever found in Las Vegas.
He's very inexpensive, especially for the level of creativity and style he affords.
I have recommended him to everyone I know.
A++++.

Eli is always so good with us.
We come as a group.. Me, my husband and 5yr old boy.
He is amazing w my lil boy and works fast, so professional.
Today, i decided to be bold/ chop my long waistline hair & put a ton of layers.
I only wanted to trust Eli w this as we had a great experience w him in the past & wow!!
I would not want any1 to touch my hair now!
He is truly amazing!

I was on vacation here and thought I should get my hair done.
I decided to look on groupon and Eli sabat salon popped up.
I checked out the website and it seemed fine.
I called to make an appointment and he said he can get me in that same day at 10 am.
I was super excited!
I told him I wanted the full head of highlights that the groupon offered.
Eli told me not to get it on groupon, he would just give me the price when I got there; I thought nothing of it.
I arrived at the salon and told my husband to wait before leaving because it didn't seem like a good looking place, and to me appearance is everything.
I popped in and didn't think it looked bad, so I gave my husband the ok to leave.
Eli was at the front desk texting on his phone not even paying attention to the person that had walked in.
After me standing there for about 2 min he looked up, greeted me, and asked me what he can do for me.
I told him I had an appointment with him at 10.
He said, "ok are you the one with the haircut appointment?
" I said, "no, I had the groupon offer.
" He told me they don't except the groupons on a Friday.
I then informed him that I had recently called asking if I could use the groupon that same day and that the person (the same Eli) on the phone said it would be fine.
He said, "that's ok" and proceeded to take me to a chair where he asked what I wanted and I told him I wanted a full head of highlights and I didn't want them to look very stripy; I wanted them to blend.
He grabbed some foils really quick and mixed some bleach together and proceeded to dye my hair....anyone that's ever had a professional hair dye done knows that it doesn't take only ten minutes to complete, but apparently Eli thought it was good enough.
It only took him ten minutes to bleach and foil my hair, while snapping at his assistant to get more bleach and foil.
Five minutes into the bleaching, 3 ladies (clearly they had a close relationship with Eli) come in and start talking to Eli asking him to do their hair.
Once Eli rapidly finished my hair, he left me with the foil in my hair covering my face while he started working on the other three women.
It took about thirty minutes for him to notice how uncomfortable I was with my face being covered.
So, he clipped my hair back and put a heater around my head, so that the bleach could start working.
Eli left me in that chair for about an hour and a half..... and we all know that bleach is harmful when it's left in there that long.
He came back to check on me and I could see him open the foil and noticed that a huge chunk of my hair had not been affected by the bleach at all...
But Eli wrapped the foil back up and told me that I needed to wait thirty more minutes.
By the time he finally took me to get the bleach washed out, he had finished with the 3 ladies that had come in, and was finishing up 2 others (that came in way after me).
As he was shampooing my hair, he ripped a lot of my hair out.
I kept informing him that it hurt my head, but that did not seem to make sense to him, because he just kept yanking my hair out.
He left me sitting at the wash station with shampoo in my hair for another 15 minutes, while he finished up with the 4th lady that had come in after me.
At this point I was fuming.
I texted my husband to come back and get me, because I was ready to leave.
I didn't feel like I was treated properly.
While I was sitting, waiting for someone to take the shampoo out of my hair, Eli's assistant was straitening the wax lady's hair...
Eventually Eli told her to stop doing what she was doing and clean out my hair and condition it.
My husband had not arrived yet, so I figured I would stay and see if customer service improved.
After being conditioned, I return to my seat and the towel unravels.
My hair looked like a paint brush had run through it with funky colors.
It was yellow and orange.
He had not gone all the way to my roots, so it looked like a middle school friend dyed my hair.
I immediately stopped him from working on another clients' hair to tell him that my hair looked awful with all the different colors and I even went back to where the chunk that he missed with the bleach was, so that he could clearly see how bad it was.
He said, "it's fine!
It will look better when it's blow-dryed.
" I then said that my hair had multiple colors in it and he told me the only way he could fix it was to put some toner in my hair that would cost an additional 80 dollars!!!?
WHAT?!
I was furious.
He told me to sit there and think about it while he finished his other client.
I stood up, threw the towel on the floor, grabbed my things, and headed for the door.
He yelled, "Where are you going?
" I said, "My hair looks terrible and I'm not staying here.
" He followed me out yelling profanity at me and told me to "go home looking like shit".
I dont know if it's because of my groupon price that I was treated so poorly, but I will NEVER return or recommend anyone to go to Eli's.

I wish I would have read the reviews before I bought the Amazon Local coupon.
I called to schedule an appointment and he answered "Hello", I asked if this was a salon and he said yes.
I told him I need to schedule an appointment and I have a coupon, he said "You have to purchase the coupon online I can't do that for you!
" He was very rude in his tone with me.
I said I already purchased the coupon and I need an appointment.
Then he said "How did you get this number?
' I said it is listed on the coupon, is this not the right number to call?
He said how about Thursday afternoon for an appointment?
I asked did you have anything before as I have a party Thursday and he exclaimed "You know what, I'm at lunch and you need to call back in a hour!
"  I have never been treated so rudely and I haven't even arrived.
Thank God Amazon Local refunded my money so I did not have to let that man touch my hair!!
I think the other reviews were right, if you have a $69 coupon, he doesn't want to deal with you.

Not the best in customer service.
I did purchase the Groupon for this place.
He was working on three other people while he did my hair.
There was some hair stylist competition going on there at the time, with cameras and everything.
I'm sure he was very distracted by that.
He is definitely not a people person on the phone, he very abrupt.
This isn't the place you want to go to if you're used to actually having a conversation with your hair stylist.
I did NOT feel comfortable here.
It was probably one of the most pretentious places I've ever been to.
To top it off, he didn't listen to what I wanted.
I wasn't really impressed with this place.
I probably wouldn't go back.
I've found cheaper, better places where the stylists aren't full of themselves.

Won't ever come back - the owner/ stylist was rough while flat ironing my hair and hit the side of my face -it resulted  a tiny burn mark!

If I could give this salon negative stars I would!
I had the worst experience with the owner Eli!
I went to the salon for highlights and extensions.
I was at the salon for 6 plus hours!
He jumped from one client to another.
He started with my hair and did 4 other clients in between while I waited!!
Finally he finished and I just wanted to get out if there.
When I got home and took a closer look at my highlights, they were yellow.
I asked if he used a toner and he said no.
He didn't offer to tone my hair or fix the color.
I had to go to another salon to have them tone it.
In a matter of days my extensions (that Eli did) started to fall out.
He told me to come back and he would fix them, which he did but in a matter weeks all my extensions fell out!
So AGAIN I had to go to another salon to redo/fix my highlights and extensions.
I asked Eli for a refund due to the poor job he did and the lack of effort in which he tried to fix my hair!
I bought my own extensions which cost $400.
He charged me $400 but only offered to refund me $100!
I had to threaten to take him to small claims court for him to only refund me $150.
This was months later so I just took the $150.
I would never recommend this place to anyone!

