I love supporting local businesses.
However Steakies failed to impress me.
It made me miss the NYPD that used to be there.
When you walk in it looks just like NYPD except they painted several of the wall a bright blue.
The atmosphere is not the best.
I could not tell if they are a sit down place or a fast food  place.
You do sit down to order but it still has that "cheap" mentality and atmosphere.
The food seemed over priced for what you got.
Fries are extra on top of your sandwich that's already $9-$11.
The bread that comes with it is very different.
It's similar to a calzone but not nearly as good.
My bread was cold.
Not sure if it was stored in a fridge or what.
I was disappointed by the happy hour as well.
Beer is only 50 cents off.
When I left it looked like the manager who was on the patio smoking right by the door.
I prefer not to get a face full of smoke when I leave leave an establishment.
It might also violate Arizona law.
(Smoking that close to an entrance).
Not very professional in my opinion.
Anyways I will give them another shot in a couple months.
Hopefully they'll have it more together by then.

There are Cheesesteaks, and then there are CHEESESTEAKS!
This place will satisfy anyone.
The menu is huge with a geat variety of options.
Authenticity is the perfect description here.
The owners have raised the bar a bit with excellent coffee and iced teas from a local roaster/blender, his brother makes the scones "back home", and he's got the best breads that he fills with meats he marinates and cooks himself right here!
Can't get any better.
No matter where you are, I recommend this place for lunch and dinner.
I don't know what Philadelphians eat for breakfast, but I'd try that too if he adds this to the menu.

Nice friendly staff and great food.
Went to college in Philadelphia and have eaten alot of cheese steaks and hoagie.
Liked the twist with the pocket roll.
Meat and bread were high quality and tasted great.
Already been twice.
My son had the Texas Tommy also very good.
Sent an email to www.mouthbysouthwest.com and told him to check it out.

Steakies replaced the NYPD Pizza at this location, which we miss.
That said, Steakies had really good food.
The bread was very fresh and made for a very tasty cheese steak.
The service was prompt, attentive and very friendly.
If you're expecting cheap food, this is not the place for you.
Our waitress was sure to tell us about the quality of the ingredients and the fact that pretty much everything is made on premises.
The prices are comparable to other cheese steak spots in the area.
We fed 5 people in our party for around $50 and ended up taking food home with us.
Good food.
Friendly service.
We will be back.
Forgot to mention that we ordered dessert to go and it was awesome!
Pumpkin pie cheesecake.

Holy cow, I am FULL!
I had a cheesesteak on their standard (GIANT) delicious roll.
The roll itself was obviously fresh as it was pillowy soft.
The cheesesteak was delicious.
I could have (and should have) split this with a friend and been completely satisfied (note to owners - maybe a "mini" version would sell well?).
I ordered a combo and the fries were also made in house - YUM!
The service was very friendly.
I agree that the prices were high, but I believe it was a good value as I should have taken 1/2 home or split with a friend.
You are paying for high quality as well - always worth it IMO.
One of my friends ordered the roast beef hoagie, which comes on the french roll.
She said it was delicious as well.
I look forward to going back!

Stopped into Steakies for the Local Lunch Club group.
I love the "sacks" they use for their sandwiches.
Keeps control of that cheese wiz.
The steak is good meat too.
Full flavor.
I like this spot.
I'll be back when I've got an urge for a locally made cheesesteak.
These guys are from Philly, and true Philly fans at that.
Welcome to Tempe!
You're cheesesteaks are more than welcome here!

I came here also for NYPD with other managers I work with at a near by local business.
We decided to check it out since we all love cheese steaks and also believe in supporting local businesses!
Menu looked great and we were excited to try it!
After we all ordered I walked away with a 14$ receipt for a cheese steak frys and drink.
The rest of my party was at about 10 $ which is common for a good cheese steak.
I went back to the counter to ask why mine was much more than the others and we came to find out they had put in the order incorrectly which is no biggie right?
Well what they didn't know is the next person inline was a co worker of mine.
Normally no big deal but when they call me an a $$ whole in front of other customers it really changes things.
Now that's service!
On to the Food!
BORING!
No flavor.. Fries were soggy and again no flavor.
The bread was great!
But that's all there was bread and more bread!
Where is the 14 $ worth of steak in my cheese steak?
Save your time and money and go down the road to four fathers for a great cheese steak!
And just to think they asked us to bring our employees here.... Yea right!

I've been looking for a good cheesesteak since I moved here from NJ.
Being so close to Philadelphia my standards are set high.
This place was as close as it gets for anywhere I've been along the west coast.
They give you several options of cheese which I thought was good, since most places just give you cheese whiz(gross).
Besides how close the cheesesteaks are to home, the sauce is delicious...no offense but no one does sauce like the east coast, and this place was right on.
I'm excited to try the other menu options on my next visit.

UPDATE: Closed??
6-1-14 hope I'm wrong   This is the real deal folks.
Out first visit was last week.
Family run and the owners are legit East coast transplants with deep restaurant roots and experience, making most of the items on the menu from scratch on the premises.
Philly sports bar feel on one side, full casual dining on the other.
Wife had the salad, I had the classic cheese steak in a carved out large roll, with 'sauce' ( a type of tasty marinara for those not familiar) and we also shared the chili.
Everything was delicious and portions were generous.
There was a slight "who's table is it?
" mix up but they were all very sweet about it and bent over apologizing  so hard filling us with free desserts.
The service and genuineness of the staff was really great.
And those desserts...this place could be a stand alone bakery.
We got pumpkin cheesecake, praline and chocolate chip cookies, all to drool for.
It's not a questions of if, but when.
This is officially now in the regular rotation for us and it a great addition to dining options near Ray and the I-10, whether just for happy hour or a great comfort food dinner.
Bravo.

Not bad cheeseteakes.
Great service, very friendly and beer/wine bar.

i never had a better meal in my life,the food is amazing,this place puts south philly to shame, t

You may miss NYPD, but you should give this place a chance.
The sweet potato fries are great and you have to try the crab boil fries.
No crab, just the bay seasoning and a white cheese sauce.
Plus the Texas Tommy Hot dog is covered in bacon and nacho cheese.
This place needs to advertise!
Most guys would be in heaven with the selections.

I relocated to the East Valley from the Philadelphia area about 8 months ago.
I bought a Groupon for this place and was initially skeptical.
This place is legit!
The cheesesteak sandwich is delicious as is the Roasted a Pork Italiano with Broccoli Rabe.
You cannot go wrong with the traditional roll or the carved out roll- both are unreal!!
The gravy (Marinara) is on point and compliments any sandwich well.
They even have Rolling Rock on tap.
I will certainly be returning soon to try the desserts.
I wish them all the best and hope the community will support them.

The cheesesteaks weren't very good!
Signature menu item should be stellar.
Service was good, food came out quick and the sweet potato fries were amazing.
Don't think I would go back though.

My food was extremely greasy, even the paper it was wrapped in .
I got a combo they forgot my salad had to go back and get it , my sandwich wasn't good and neither were the other peoples sandwiches that were on our order.
The chicken cutlet sandwich was extremely dry , even trying to put mayo on it didn't help the taste .
My salad wasn't good either , it was covered in onions .
I will not be coming back here the only thing that was  good was the prickly pear lemonade.
Plus this was our first time here , price was a little high also.
Staff was nice though .

This business will not support a steady lunch crowd.
$23.50 for two sandwiches with no sides and a single drink ($2.50 for a medium?).
The sandwiches were a healthy size, but the prices don't fit this market.
This Tempe not Tokyo.

Had dinner at Steakies last night.
Was there around 6:00pm.
The place was empty.
I had the crab cake and it was delicious and huge.
Definitely worth the $13 price for just the sandwich.
My husband had one of the cheesesteak sandwiches and said it was very good.
The sandwich and fries are generous portions.
The mason jars for drinks are cute, but should be larger.
I gave four stars because I was thrilled to find such a tasty crab cake here in the desert.
The food is good.
I hope they are able to stay in business.

Wow, what a great place!
It's all the typical east coast food: Hot dogs, hoagies, cheese steaks etc.
They also have a Philly fave, Crab Fries!
Do NOT skip the crab fries!
They also have tons of bakery items, that my wife LOVED.
I opted for a loaded hot dog and crab fries.
The dog also came with these homemade chips that were awesome!
My buddy had a chicken cheesesteak that she liked as well.
Great service, perfect prices and nice restaurant.
Def a winner!

Steakies' menu had an air of authenticity to it, but that air dissipated as soon as I saw my cheesesteak.
(The ridiculous name should have tipped me off that I was in trouble.
)  As a Pennsylvania native, I like that they offered a choice of Cheese Whiz or provolone.
I like that they called their cold sandwiches "hoagies".
I like that they offer a roast pork sandwich, even though I won't touch that filthy swine.
:)  What I DON'T like was the gigantic bread bowl that housed my meat & cheese.
It was a semi-circle bun, stuffed with the ingredients, and thick enough to sop up a can of clam chowder.
I went against my usual nature and ordered provolone on my cheesesteak, ("a provy steak").
I immediately wished I'd said "wiz", even though there's not enough Cheese Whiz in Wisconsin to moisten that sponge of a bun.
The other big drawback was the prices.
A basic sandwich and basket of fries ran me $13.
Upcharges for every topping, even the cheese.
Plus, I'm salty because they stiffed me on trying to use a groupon for me and a groupon for my friend in the same visit.
Sure, they're technically right, but technically they need all the return business they can get.
Other tidbits: Fries - Decent, but a little garlicky for my taste.
Decor - Half bar, half-counter restaurant.
Beer prices seemed cheap, and they had a few TVs.
Looked very much like the NYPD that was there before it.
I'll definitely go back exactly once to use that other groupon, and then THAT'S IT.
Forefathers is only a mile away with a much better product.

I have been here 5 times in the last month and will be going again soon.
love there bread pocket things.
so far the roast pork was been the best.

I'm only going to review what I had.
Crab fries, if you don't get them you are missing out..PERIOD!!!.
Cheesesteak, best one I've had since I moved here 2.5 years ago.
Long roll wasn't 100% but the best I've had (It's hard to get good bread in AZ).
Roasted pork sandwich,  not my personal favorite but this place isn't named Porkies, its Steakies.
Next time I'm hitting up the cheesesteak in the pocket, Crab fries!!
!and something from their baked goods.

Best cheese steak I've had in a decade, I highly recommend trying the OG cheese steak it is huge and amazing...also the daiquiris have real fruit so good:D

I don't have time to write a detailed review, but then, none is necessary.
It's usually the bad reviews that include all the details!
Besides, all I can comment on are the cheesesteaks, because that's all I have ordered, and probably all I will ever order.
Then again, I heard that they have Pulled Pork Sandwiches with Broccoli Rabe, which is how it's made at Tony Luke's in Philly, and is a very special thing.
Maybe next time.
I am from Philly, born and bred.
I grew up working at restaurants, first as a busboy, then a 2nd chef, and eventually owned a restaurant.
I have probably made 10,000 cheesesteaks in my life, so I know of what I speak.
This place makes great cheesesteaks, every bit as good as Forefathers.
Or Jim's Pat's, or Gino's for that matter.
The meat is properly cooked and top quality, as were the rest of the ingredients.
I was a bit taken aback when I first saw the calzone-like roll, and I have read some reviews that seem to object to them.
But after eating the sandwich, and finding the bread delicious and no more or less easy to handle because of the shape, I decided it just doesn't make much of a difference.
As another reviewer said, "This is the real deal folks.
" If you aren't from Philadelphia and want to know why the cheesesteak is revered far and wide, go to Steakies.

I didn't have very high hopes at first because when I first walked in I noticed the emphasis on the bar, which immediately made me think "Ah, well they don't have to necessarily have good food if patrons are boozed up.
"  Oh how I was wrong!
When you get your sandwich, probably the first two things you'll notice is:  1.
What the shit, this thing huge!
Instead of a roll, the sandwiches are loaded into a hollowed-out half-bread-bowl.
*  *Side Note: Now I definitely get where people are coming from when they hate on the half-bread-bowl idea, as if that's the equivalent of shitting all over tradition, but I happen to like it because:  1.
Unique/different isn't always a bad thing.
It keeps everything locked in like a semi-burrito 3.
It still tastes delicious so STFU and STFD!
****************************************************  Anyhoo, stuff your face with a cheesesteak (don't forget the whiz!
) and if you're craving a little culinary juxtaposition - I highly recommend the cold Italian hoagie here, it's unreal.
Except...it is real (who the hell came up with that expression?
Probably the same wishy washy asshole who started saying "Yeah no").
Grade: Let's dance, let's shout Steak your hoagie down to your mouth Let's dance, let's shout Steak it over!

Food is good, service is to be desired.
I work in the same plaza as this place.
Yesterday, a really nice gentleman stopped by our office and told us about their specials and was personable, so I thought I'd give them a try.
The food is good.
I ordered the turkey, bacon, avocado combo for $8.50 and also ordered a lemon bar.
The bread was a bit greasy but over all yummy.
I am a bit confused as to what a pocket vs bread is.
When I ordered, I was asked which way I wanted my bread, I asked her recommendation and she told me to get the pocket.
I'm pretty sure I didn't get the pocket as she recommended since it was just a regular sandwich...that took over 15 mins to make.
So here's where the 3 stars instead of 5 stars come into play.
When my co-worker and myself arrived, there were a few people seated, already eating.
We walked right up to the cashier and ordered.
A few minutes after we ordered, a group of 4-5 guys came in.
As we stood around waiting for our food, I noticed one of the guys in the group already had their food.
Then my co-worker got her food.
I noted that was odd because I ordered my food before everyone.
After a few minutes, I was given a bag.
I looked at it and thought it was light, I noticed I wasn't given my lemon bar.
She packed my lemon bar and we walked across the parking lot, back to the office only to realize they didn't give me my sandwich!
So basically, they forgot to give my HALF my order.
I received a cup for my drink and the fries.
And had to ask for the rest of my order because they forgot.
Seriously, how do you forget to give a customer their sandwich?
When I walked back in, the cashier recognized me and told me they tried to chase after us but was too late.
Which is odd, considering we were walking across the parking lot.
All in all, food is good.
I'll probably be back, but I will probably place a phone order and triple check my order before I leave.

We've been to Steakies a few times.
Philly native, always skeptical of any place saying they have Philly ANYTHING.
First visit was with another Philly native and we just didn't like the "original" roll - we were thinking "original" as in "classic" not as in "unique".
Food was good, though, so we've gone back - and ALWAYS get the long roll for our cheesesteaks.
Cheesesteak Hoagie is a favorite and love the Roast Beef Hoagie.
Back home, Tuna Hoagies were my favorite.
Glad I asked to taste the tuna before ordering one here.
Not sure what all is in it, but it wasn't for me.
The kids love the Pizza Steak and also prefer the long roll.
Never see much of a crowd, which has me worried how long they'll stay.
I never see ads or anything, except a Groupon once.
Only found out about the place through an azcentral.com story about the old NYPD closing.
We used to go to the NYPD there and the decor hasn't changed - just subbed in Philly stuff for the NYC stuff that had been on the walls, which is fine by me.
As long as the food is good, that's all that matters!

Worst service I have experienced in years of dining out.
People working here don't even know their own menu even though it's posted on the wall.
I tried to order an Italian Sausage sandwich, but the women at the counter were very confused and acted like they never heard of such a thing!
I had to point it out on the menu, but that didn't work.
When my sandwich was brought to the table, it didn't look like what I ordered, but I took a bite and found it to be a sliced pork sandwich.
When I told the server that it was the wrong sandwich, she asked if I wanted to send it back, but never offered any apology even though she was the one that took my order.
I was so disgusted that I walked out.
I will never go back, but I can't imagine they will be open very long with such poor service.
I was there at lunchtime and there were only 2 other people in the restaurant.
Apparently word is getting out about how bad this place is.
I'll be sure to tell everyone I know to avoid this "restaurant".

I'm originally from Philly and have been searching for a decent cheesesteak in Phoenix for a long time.
The closest I found was Frankie's in Tucson.
We bought a Groupon for Steakies and I have to admit I had low expectations.
Boy, was I pleasantly surprised.
I ordered a pizza steak and it was delicious.
The steak was perfectly flavored and the bread ( odd shape) was the correct texture and taste.
It didn't fall apart or get soggy like most of the breads used in the other Phoenix cheesesteak restaurants.
I will definitely be a frequent customer.

Excellent cheesesteak.
No need to travel to philly for one.
The manager was very friendly and helpful.
The fries are, as my niece would say, bomb.com.
Quick turn around and then when my first bite hit my taste buds, mmmmm.
My only complaint is the fries amount.
Like getting a small order from McD's.
I think for the price they charge on fries they should be more generous with the amount.
I'll be back but unfortunately I won't be getting any delicious fries.
That's what cost them a 5-star rating from me.

