My fingers are crossed that I am actually getting the first to review on my favorite clothing store of all times.
I've been waiting and waiting for Zara to come to Scottsdale.
Every time I went to SF, Chicago or any other major city with one I would beg them at the check out to come to Scottsdale.
Finally they heard our cries and brought one!
The store is a beauty too.
It's two stories, perfectly organized, the staff is nice and the selection, oh the selection of clothes, accessories and shoes oh my!
It's just my style, perfectly priced and full of the latest styles.
Welcome to the neighborhood Zara.
I am so so excited you're finally here.
My wallet and husband might not be quite as pleased though!

I am giving them 4 stars because the made it happen.
The phoenix area lack some style so having Zara at the Fashion Mall is a huge plus.
Staff is very friendly and helpful.
The only downside is that they have a very small section for men and this is why i was a bit disappointed.

Great clothes, but awful customer service.
I've been in this store twice and been completely ignored both times.
I appreciate some space when I shop, but not being treated as if I don't exist.
I was one of two people shopping today and no help, not even a hello as I looked 5 feet away from the two girls working the register.
I've been shopping at their Spanish stores since I lived in Granada in early 2000's, but I won't waste my time at this one again.

Terrible customer service !
Learn from your other stores  and Sweetheart you are an "employee " not the owner

Feels a bit sparse in selection in comparison to the one in Boston.
Zaras are always such a hit or miss, and this one was definitely a miss.
The selection seemed a bit "old" rather than trendy.

ZARA!!
What can I say?
I'm from NY and many of my favorite pieces are from this place.
I'm so happy they decided to come to Scottsdale!
Everything seems to fit perfectly, and their clothes are made to last.
I came here a few days ago at the advice of my boss.
She was raving about their current sale--and she was RIGHT.
I couldn't believe how inexpensive everything was.
The staff was extremely helpful and offered to take the clothes I was carrying to my dressing room several times.
With two floors of magical fashion, it's no wonder I was there all afternoon.
Overall, if you're a woman and you love clothes, go here.
They have a mens section too.

MENS SECTION  The clothes here are nice!
They may be a little pricey but the fit is nice.
Well, when I say pricey, it's still comparable to Express and all the other stores.
But what I noticed is that the men's section has clothes that are slim fit.
Very good for skinny Asian men.
I noticed the designs are more complex and better than the usual American styles too.
I guess that's what I see a lot of Asian people in this store.
haha.
There are jackets, dress pants, suits, casual wear, rock wear and lot of different things that go very well together.
This is the closest I have seen to Asian style modern clothing in AZ in a long time.
It's practically Korean style!
WOMENS SECTION  Everything in the women's section was also very stylish.

Two levels of clothing!!!
Did I mention two levels??
Walking in the mall to cool off I saw the sign and immediately took off.
So many options so little time and the prices are all very very good.
Most of the styles will appeal to the younger (ie.
20's and 30's) set but there is enough to chose from that even if you aren't in that bracket you can find something.
I fell in love with their full pleated skirts!
No breaking of the bank or melting of the plastic when you shop here...unless you want to.

