I first stumbled upon this place a few weeks ago.
It looks like a high-dollar gambling area with a bar, and it is.
The slot machines at the bar are $1 minimum.
The reason I like this bar is the female bartenders and the female cocktail waitress eye candy.
Another reason is the good selection of bourbons and whiskeys, and sure Scotch too.
They have Breaking & Entering bourbon which you won't find many places west of the Mississippi.
1842 Tavern at MGM has an even better bourbon and Scotch menu.
That's the real big hidden treasure for Vegas if you're a bourbon or Scotch fan.
There are TV's all around the place, so you can watch your favorite big sport games.
They were kind enough to play a Nevada footbal game which is a rare treat coming from Reno.
Their shortcoming is the limited beer menu.
For such a high-end bar, you'd think they can be a little bit more original than corporate swill and light beers.
How about a Sam Adams or Sierra NV at least, at least.
But it doesn't really matter in the final analysis, because you're only really here for the hot bartenders.
Vegas I've been told is such a union town it's hard to find young, attractive female bartenders.
You mostly get 50-year-old crusty dudes who mostly do not appreciate the new craft cocktail trend.
And oh yeah, the cocktails at this bar are laughable.
You might as well add a Scoobie Snack and Slippery Nipple.
MGM, seriously, take a visit to Cosmo to get better cocktail ideas.

Nice place!
Located in MGM, this is a nice place to grab a drink and lounge on a comfortable sofa.
This is nice to relax from the craziness on the strip.
There are a few table games inside this bar area that have table minimums of $200/hand.
Did i mention the drinks selection is good!

Discovered Whiskey Down after some gambling on the floor, and went to have a drink with friends.
It does look like a high roller gambling room, but open to anyone.
The first night we sat at a high table near the bar, the next couple of times we got seats in front to people watch (which provided great entertainment!!
)  Not cheap, but great service and fun.

This is a low key relaxing 24 hour whiskey bar right on the casino floor.
They have their own selections of Four Roses, Woodford Reserve, and Jack Daniel's single barrel so they take their selections seriously.
I tried one of their Woodford cocktails and had a seat on a very comfortable leather couch and relaxed.
They have table games with crazy high minimums in here but I didn't see anyone playing them and one guy spent a few minutes awkwardly trying to flirt with the dealer.
This place is a hidden gem in the MGM Grand.

An outpost of dark liquor in a sea of slot machines.
Whiskey Down is a landmark in the maze of one arm bandits.
They have a decent rum based punch and the service is pleasantly bubbly.
The blackjack tables inside the bar are redundant, but if you don't want to walk more than six feet from the bar to lose all your money it's rather convenient.

Whiskey in the Jar Mint-Infused Old Forester Bourbon Fresh Watermelon, Lime Juice, Ginger Beer  uh, loving this MGM gem.
fully stocked whiskey bar.
it's not exactly hidden since it's located on the casino floor, so i was surprised that the bar wasn't packed with patrons, especially post superbowl.
this is definitely a great predrink spot before heading into Hakkasan and paying ridiculous prices for mediocre well.

It's the only place I have been able to get Pappy Van Winkle 23yr.
Nice atmosphere and relaxing.

This is a new venue with features many popular Whiskeys.
Great service!

$10 house cocktails - the good.
$100 minimums on the blackjack tables here - the cray cray.
Great spot to end a gambling night with a Bourbon.
This bar is all about the whiskey and dark spirits as there is no beer here.
Really good selection of whiskey.
A list of cocktails to choose from that are reasonably priced.
I'm a bourbon guy so "Whiskey In The Jar" and "One In The Chamber" were my drinks of choice here.
Tasty and made right.
It's a nice spot to wind down the evening right on the casino floor, but it's not a boisterous loud bar.
It's more of a leather couch and quiet conversation place to kick back and relax with a well made bourbon drink.
Dimly lit and low key.
Sure, there are some tables inside here to play a few hands but with the high minimums I viewed only one brave soul throwing down the Benjamins.
Not me!
I'll head to the $10 blackjack table!
With my bourbon cocktail of course.

Excellent whiskey selection, and affordable prices for the strip.
The $10 cocktails you can't get any better then that on the strip.
Great place to either wind down or to pre-game before you go out.
Must try is the Whiskey in a Jar ....

Love a good bar in a good location in Vegas.
We stayed at the MGM this past weekend, and found this little gem near the lobby on the casino floor.
Regular alcoholic drinks (vodka sevens, gin and tonics) were only $10 (which in Vegas is a steal), and that makes me rather happy!!
One note: I wasn't quite sure what was going on with the cocktail servers outfits.
Most of them had weird padding sticking out of their bras, making it look a little off.
Also, some of the bartenders weren't that friendly to people sitting around me.

