Had a massage from Davis and it was great.
He worked on my shoulder and it felt great afterwords.
Place was a great atmosphere, and made it a very relaxing location.
I would highly recommend the place to others

I would say it was a decent massage....and if they offer a deal I wouldn't mind coming back.
It was very easy to book a weekend appointment the day before and that is huge for me!

Went in for a prenatal massage with Angela and it was wonderful.
I am 38 weeks pregnant and Angela made sure I was comfortable the whole time on their awesome  massage tables that have a cut out for the belly.
It is so much better than getting a massage while laying on your side.
Angela worked on the spots I told her were bothering me and even found the areas I had forgotten about.

This was the best massage I have had in at least 10 years!!
Angela was caring, asked questions in the beginning, then proceeded to melt me into the table.
Just the right amount of pressure.
She is excellent masseuse.
I HIGHLY recommend her.
The overall visit was just great.
I hope to get back soon!

WOW, WOW, WOW!
I have found my massage place!
I have been to I don't know how many places in the past 3 years, and no place has impressed me like Elements impressed me today.
It began with a pleasant phone call to inquire about an appointment.
The receptionist, Priscilla, is an enormous asset to this business.
She has a melodious voice that truly carries a sense of welcome and cordiality over the phone.
She immediately made me feel at ease and so welcome.
I was able to make a reservation same day (though that is not recommended based on how frequently they book up) and went in.
The best part is that the staff know they are awesome and that resonates through confidence, thus transpiring that over to the customer.
Bonnie was my therapist and she did a fantastic job!
I have severe chronic pain in my shoulders and she worked on them in ways I've never felt.
I could feel my body loosening up, especially in those tight knotted areas.
At the end, I thought it couldn't possibly be over, I need more!
I will have to try out a 110 minute one sometime!
Right now they have an awesome Groupon out, so go try it out!
It's an absolute steal of a Groupon for what you are going to receive.
At the end, I was so satisfied and convinced this is the best place I've been to, I signed up for a month to month membership.
I am excited and happy to say that after a few years of searching, I've finally found a place with more than competent staff and somewhere I will enjoy for a long time :)

Great atmosphere, excellent massage (55min) and customer service.
Everyone I came in contact with was very helpful and nice.
Only thing I would change, wish I did the 80min!

