I came in for a cut, condition and highlights and could not possibly be happier with the results.
Sammy was my hair stylist and an absolute PRO at what she did!!
Also, the aesthetics of the salon is fantastic, they did an incredible job.
Beautiful place, wonderful people... Job well done!!
I'm a permanent customer for life :-)

Second time visiting Sarah and I'm very impressed with how professional and welcoming the whole staff was!
Absolutely love my blonde hair !
Sarah was very helpful with hair care tips & ideas on new looks!
Definitely keeping her and this salon as my go-to place when I'm in Arizona!

Though I am not prone to posting reviews and am sad to do this to a relatively new business, I feel it is important to notify others of the damaging experience I had at D. Antonio's.
I left this salon bleeding on both hands from my manicure and in need of a new haircut as soon as my hair grows longer.
The nail technician, Kristine, filed completely through the top of two nails on one hand  and vigorously filed a fingertip raw on the other, leaving me bleeding on both hands.
To note, I had not had a manicure in three months and thus did not already have thin nails from repeated buffing.
Without any apology, she then proceeded to rush through the manicure, which has led to plenty of bubbles.
Within an hour of leaving the salon, I also found that my nails were starting to fold upwards because they had been filed so thin!
Never have I seen a nail technician file away a nail until the client is bleeding.
I understand that small cuts happen occasionally when trimming cuticles, but repeated filing open of skin and nails is easily avoidable.
I additionally received a haircut at D.Antonio's.
It has unevenly distributed layers that do not fall smoothly together.
The layers initially were so choppy that even the stylist said it looked like I had two "shelves" on my head, with a long layer at the bottom and a blunt and obvious short layer at the top.
She asked another stylist to help fix it.
However, my hair cannot be fully fixed until it has grown out again.
I purchased a haircut and manicure with a Groupon and regret having been enticed by the discount.
It seems others have had better hair experiences here.
For the sake of your fingers, do not get a manicure at this salon.

I am beyond upset with this company.
I recently got a tattoo in February from this place, and now I am getting screwed over.
I payed over $250 for my tattoo with the artist name Jason.
Well turns out, before I could get my free touch up ( as told by the front desk and waiver I signed ), this company fired the artist.
So now, this owner is not honoring the free touch up because that artist is no longer there.
What a joke.
Tattoo looks terrible, and this business couldn't care less.
I am in shock that an owner would allow a garbage tattoo out on the streets that represents his place.
Idk if its my fault for trusting a salon to do my tattoo??
Please take my advice, never step foot in this place.
They are trying to get over on people and for something as serious as a tattoo.
What a joke!!

