I cannot recommend Dr. Dembicer highly enough.
I've never met a chiropractor also trained in massage, so just imagine.
I am a massage therapist of 25 years so I know chiropractors AND massage therapists..  Not only are his hands incredibly strong and gifted, but I've never quite had an adjustment like his.
He is so thorough and determined to make you feel your absolute best.
He can find things out of line I didn't even know could happen.
He is a true diamond in the rough.
But the best part is, he comes to you!
What chiropractor does that?
I threw my back out before I drove to vegas so by the time I arrived, I was already a mess and came to town to WORK, so I was desperate!
Doctor Josh took charge and really is a master.
He even gave me a great mini massage on my low back which was really killing me.
Wow is all I can say.
I predict he will be phenomenally successful in Las Vegas since the number one reason people end up in their offices is because of freaks in the bedroom.
True story.
He will even go to hotels and for that service his rates are so reasonable!

Josh is simply the best practitioner in Vegas.
If you need a tuneup or a serious adjustment josh has the skills and gameplan to restore you to health.
He takes a holistic approach to your good health.
So glad to find in vegas!

Josh is a great chiropractor.
He takes the time necessary to consult about your specific alignment issues and to adjust.
The best part is he goes to your home or work, very convenient too!
And, he doesn't just talk the talk, he walks the walk too -  living a healthy lifestyle.

Simply the best!
Saw Josh for years going back to when he was in Florida.
Really knows what he's doing and can't recommend him enough.

Ahhh, I feel So much better now!
I've been following Dr. Josh for Years and so happy he's mobile now!I hurt my back so i called Dr. J right away.
We were scheduled to meet at my house at 6 but my car battery died 30 min before our appointment.
He waited an extra hour for me tonight.
His 20 + years experience really shows

Dr. Dembicer is a great chiropractor.
He is excellent at pinpointing there areas that cause chronic pain and addressing them immediately.
He cares about his patients, and is precise and effective in his manipulations.
I have bounced on and off with chiropractors in the past, but I must say I have no plans of going anywhere else.
Dr. Dembicer, you are the best!

I've been using chiropractic services for more than 15 years around the country.
I was recently referred to Dr. Dembicer.
He made a house call which was convenient for me, arrived on time, extremely professional and most importantly one of the best adjustments I have ever received.
Miracle...
Highly recommended.
From, Rachel

I've seen several chiropractors in the Las Vegas area over the last 16 years and various results.
In the past, I haven't really seen the results I've hope for (feeling good and pain free!
), so I haven't gone on a regular basis.
I was feeling out of alignment a few weeks ago and decided to give Dr. Dembicer a try.
First of all, he takes a very precise medical history and listens and asks questions to discover the possible source of any pain.
Then, during the adjustment, you can just tell that he is analyzing every part in order to find what needs to be realigned.
This wasn't the five second assembly line adjustment I was used to.
He pressed against my neck/shoulders and I could feel the epicenter of the pain.
After he adjusted my neck, the pain and tenderness was completely gone.
I didn't even know that things like wrists could need adjusting.
After my adjustment, I felt great, and I still do today, a few weeks later.
This was the best adjustment I've ever had.
I will be seeing Dr. Dembicer on a regular basis because I did finally get the results I was hoping for.
Oh yes, and his rates are very reasonable and he makes house calls!
You really can't beat that!

I have known josh for over 25 years.
He is a caring warm individual and has always been in tune to physical needs and ailments.
Highly recommended.

Dr. Dembicer is a great chiropractor.
He is one of the few mobile chiropractors in the state.
He will come to your location.
In a relatively short period of time, I have had significant improvement.
I have greater flexibility in almost all areas of movement.
I have gone from some pain and discomfort to no pain or discomfort.
My energy and stamina are improved.
I am very pleased with the progress I have made.
Dr. Dembicer is very gentile and knowledgeable.
I highly recommend him.

Really enjoyed my adjustment with Dr. Josh.
He is very knowledgeable and spends a lot of time with his patients.
I have worked professionally as a stuntwoman for the last 20 years and have been to many chiropractors for adjustments.
Dr Josh Dembicer is definitely one of the best.
Thanks so much Dr. Josh!
Please let me know when you travel into the Los Angeles area again.
: )

This was my first time having an adjustment by Josh and he was amazing!
I have lower back issues and neck issues so I have gone over the years to chiropractors and have had various results.
I loved the fact he sat and talked first to find out what problems I was having and then based his treatment on my input instead of just doing a very generic alignment.
He aligned parts I didn't know could be aligned that no one had ever adjusted before!
I feel soo much better and plan on getting alignments more regularly!

I had a very sore neck and lower back, after travelling around the US for over a month.
I stopped in at Las Vegas for a week, and booked 3 appointments with Dr Dembicer.
Conveniently Dr Dembicer makes house calls, so each appointment was held in my hotel room.
Very handy for working in with my holiday plans.
I am impressed with Dr Dembicer's techniques and results.
He is very attentive, precise and knows what he is doing.
I am pleased to say that my neck and back pain have subsided and my range of motion in my neck has greatly improved.
The sessions were in depth and thorough.
A range of stretching, mobility exercises and adjustments were incorporated.
Dr Dembicer also taught me some basic exercises to do while travelling.
To avoid getting myself into this state again.
I have had neck and back pain before, which was aggravated by travelling.
My Chiro back home would have had to perform at least 6 sessions to get me back to normal.
However I noticed large improvement after the first session.
After the 3 sessions, I am  truly impressed at the results.

Dr. Dembicer is one of a kind.
How many Doctors do you know that will travel to your location?
He is very knowledgeable and really takes his time to make sure you feel better.
I highly recommend him and his services.

Went in for an adjustment and came out with such an amazing experience.
Dr. Josh was very professional.
He was very attentive to my injuries and did several different types of adjustments on me.
Some, I had never experienced before.
I highly recommend this service.

Dr Josh is THE BEST!!
Not just the best in Vegas but the best on the West Coast, I just wish I could fly Josh with me everywhere.
Josh will also travel to you!
What more could you ask for, he's also a great genuine guy to boot.
Highly recommended!

