The overall experience was pretty cool.
The staff from signing up/registering to staff up top we're all very friendly.
I like that we got to take our time and watch others, plus got time to just enjoy the view from Voodoo lounge during the day, with no pressure to hurry up and leave.
Cons: it's a little pricy $27 per person during the day... That's a lot considering the short duration of the actual zip lining.
Lastly, the route from registering to actually getting up to the 51st floor is sort of like a maze.
There were no signs or directions.
We had to ask for assistance...
But the dude was really nice and actually walked us to the hidden elevator.
Recommendations: Offer discounts to TR members, or offer locals discount!
The place was pretty empty so maybe a Groupon would help bring more business and get ppl interested.
We plan on coming back for a night time soar!!
This was a great experience and I think everyone should try it at least once!

Before last night I was unaware that there was a zip line at Rio.
I was very excited to learn that it run at night.
I have been sky diving before so I am not scared of heights.
But I was nervous as I signed the release form.
The zip line looks a lot scarier then it is.
It's a very smooth ride with great views of the Palm hotel.
If you are going to go on this go at night.
Your allowed to wear a dress and heels and enjoy the club after.

The VooDoo Zip Line and I are actually quite similar.
How?
Well, I'm 5'1'' and the zip line is about a minute long.
Which means?
We're both quite short.
This is the first zip line I've ever been on, so I cannot really compare the experience to anything else.
We zipped down from one of the Rio buildings to the other and then were pulled backwards back up to the building we first started from.
Going forward was very fun!
I didn't know that it would go as fast as it did, and I squeaked a little in the beginning.
(The worker ended up laughing and asked me if I was scared because he heard my scared yelp.
How embarrassing.
)  Going backwards was fun as well but made me a little nervous because there wasn't any bar holding us in our chairs.
Instead, a belt was strapped low across our waist (kind of like a seatbelt).
It was exciting being so high up and having absolutely nothing below our feet!!
(The seat holds two people so you can face your fear of heights with a partner.
)  Although we went during the day, I can just imagine how beautiful it can be during the night.
What's nice is that before and after going on the ride, we were able to spend as long as we wanted on the roof, just enjoying the view of the strip.
(Definitely bring your camera and take lots of pictures!
)  The staff were so friendly and accommodating; every single person had the happiest smile on their face and told us to have a great time or asked us how we liked it afterwards.
They made everything that much more pleasant and the memory more memorable.
Although it was quite short, it was very enjoyable!

Something new to do in Vegas for the regular visitors.
They give club card discounts do be sure to bring your card.
Very high up and you can't bring anything with you.
Super friendly staff and amazing views.
Wasn't scary as long as you don't have a fear of heights as it doesn't go very fast.
Glad that I did it but wish I would have done it at night.

Before I go on with my review I will say I have zip lined the downtown Las Vegas 1 on Fremont street, 8 different lines in a Fijian rainforest and 1 in the Philippines.
So needless to say, when it comes to zip lining, it better be worth it.
I did this one at night and paid $44 the weekend of the grand opening.
Yes, it's pretty up high but unlike other zip lines I've done, you are sitting strapped in a TRON like chair and it pulls you across to the other Rio building.
The best part of it was when you reached the end and you flung a bit forward as you came to a halt.
As you are waiting to get on, there is a very nice view of the Vegas strip but once you're on the zip line chair/seat you are no longer facing that view.
All employees were nice.
You can say they care for your safety as they will wave a metal detector across you right before you step on.
3 stars cause I would rather recommend riding the Fremont zip line than this one.

