So happy there's a Dutch bros on the way to MCC now, still the same great coffee you can get at any of their locations.
They're always so chill.

This was my first time EVER going to a Dutch Bros... Getting tired of the same old Starbucks (and annoyed that they're asking their customers to no longer open carry in their stores, but that's a whole other issue.
I am BEYOND impressed by my visit today.
Staff was extremely friendly and helpful.
Customer service simply doesn't exist like this anymore!
My drink (annihilator) was DELICIOUS!
I will be back!

Dutch Bros is kind of like going to a strip club.
Everyone is overly friendly and asks you questions about your day and your weekend plans like they're pretending to get to know you.
Then you exchange money.
In this case however, you walk away with a tasty coffee beverage instead of walking away smelling like cheap body spray and glitter.
I like that the coffee doesn't have that strange burnt taste like some other places.

The ordering process took a trip to get used to but I love this place a little more every time I go.
The staff are super nice in a hip way (another review said pretend nice, but they do remember you are a few trips).
Even in drive thru you give your order to a person and they chat with you while it's made.
Great customer service.
The drinks are good once you figure out there is only one size cup  - ordering a small, medium,large just means more shots.
Ordering is easy peasy - flavors are free and you add extra sweet if you don't like the taste of coffee.
Check it out!

I am amazed how consistently awesome the service is at Dutch Bros Coffee.
Not only this one, but all of the locations.
I always love good energy and all you Dutch Bro team members have it.....You Guys Rock!

I had gone to the Dutch Bros on McQueen which was by my work a few times and loved it, and I'm so glad this one opened because it's a mile from my place so I can go more often!
Not only are the drinks uber delicious, the staff is always having a blast and very friendly and talkative.
They even have different theme days like Mustache Monday and Tubular Tuesday, so it's always a treat to go and see what they're up to.
I have gone there while being in a bad mood and they magically cheer me up.
Being a drive-thru and not being Starbucks are already awesome alone, but add the yummy drinks and fun service, and I'm hooked!
I would go even if the drinks weren't that good just because of the service.
I don't think enough businesses realize how important that is.

I ordered The Dutch Cocoa and it made my night even that much sweeter :) There was only one girl that was working and she was very friendly and upbeat.
I will return.

My husband and I were in town for a wedding for a week and found ourselves at Dutch every single day.
I have a dairy intolerance and they have coconut milk and creamer.. What a treat!
All of the baristas are so friendly and welcoming.
We loved chatting with Morgan and Micaela daily!
Awesome place!

Fun crew, speedy service, and delicious beverages!
One of my favorites!

I love coming here.
Never have to wait long and everyone working there is extremely friendly.
They get the drinks right and even recommend other drinks for your taste.
The kicker is so yummy.
This particular location made me a fan of Dutch bros.
I moved from LA and we don't have this there.

I can't believe I haven't reviewed Dutch Bros yet, what is wrong with me?
Oops sorry guys!
When this location opened not long ago we were so excited to have one close by and to see the something new and successful in an area that's gone a bit stale.
I'm not ashamed to admit that the first week they were open we made a Dutch Bros trip every single day.
The crew at this location has always been great, always a smiling face and friendly conversation.
A little recognition and familiarity goes a long way in my book.
I have ordered some strange combinations thanks to dietary restrictions, trying to find something I like, and they always get it right without batting an eyelash.
Recently this crew helped me pull off a fun surprise for my husband, sharing the news that we were expecting.
The whole group got into it, making his favorite drink (half sweet iced annihilator) and writing congratulations all over it.
It was definitely above and beyond, and I'm so thankful to this awesome group of guys and gals for making a great moment even better.

You know that vibe when someone is trying really hard to be kind and lovable and friendly but it's fake?
Me too, but at Dutch that NEVER happens.
These guys are the real deal.
Not hit or miss snobby like a lot of coffee baristas.
These guys hit the ball out of the park every single time.
Want a good cup of joe or a whipped and blended concoction - go Dutch.

Felt like posting a little review because the Fiesta Mall crew snapped me out of one grumpy mood this morning with all their silly dancing around.
I love this place because: A) every drink I've ever tried is great!
B) they're not Starbucks C) prices are great (unlike Starbucks) D) always friendly and fun E) they're not Starbucks F) goes great with my morning cigar at the Tinder Box...1457 W Southern Ave #110 Mesa, AZ 85202 G) ^^ shameless plug lol

Booo got it wrong again.
You guys have messed up 4 of my last 5.
Taking another DB break and going back to making my own til I can get over it.

You literally can't have a bad day after getting your Dutch fix topped with the smiles and cheer from these folks..

There coffee is amazing, super fast service and always perfect!
I also love their positivity, it's not often I walk away from a business smiling every time.
They sure know how to change your mood around!
Must be a great work environment!!
Anyway, 5 stars service!

Unfortunately this is my only means of communicating with you since you will not answer your phone.
I heard about the 9 stamp day for at least a week by several employees.
I go through this location usually several times a week and on my last visit I had a conversation with one of the guys there and asked him about 9 stamp day just two days ago MONDAY and he said yes but you will have to get a quad shot to get the 9 stamps.
I had zero idea what exactly he was talking about comparing sizes and prices didnt get what he was saying other than you spend more you get stamps which is fine with me so husband went in this a.m to get coffee and they told him no we dont have 9 stamp here thats at the Lemon location.
WTF?
WTF????????
At least you got my coffee right today!
but you ruined my day with the 9 stamp bullshit and now I have to go to another location.
Totally pissed off and you guys owe me a free coffee in the least!

