Terrible experience with a granite vanity top.
Ordered it in December and it took them 2 months to get the pice cut and delivered to the store only to find out they did not have the right color or pattern that we ordered.
Attempt number 2 resulted in them delivering it only breaking it in half as they carried it in.
3rd attempt resulted in them not being able to find any alternative granite slab so with a lot of frustration and concern, I finally had them refund my money after this 3 month ordeal.
On shelf items might be the way to go but forget about any special orders.
Awful experience and lack of any concern to resolve the problem.

Its like a huge garage sale, that is over priced.
Almost everything is broken, mis-matched, used junk.
Tweaker paradise.
if your rolling through, looking for project to do, or some items to fill up your shortsale, like an old dishwasher,etc.. stop by.
Not worth the drive if your far.

2 stars only because the lady behind the counter was super nice and offered us water, but merchandise-wise I was very disappointed.
Everything seemed highly overpriced.
Like $525 for a metal garden chair?
That's just crazy.
I was in the market for a medicine cabinet.
The ones that were decent looking were priced too high and the ones that were cheaper were pretty banged up.
Not worth my trip.

I bought a white bathroom vanity from this store for about $300.
When I saw it at first, I thought "Perfect!
It's exactly like the style I want.
" It was a white cabinet with marble like counter top with raised legs that is probably around $700 at Lowe's or Home Depot.
One of the guys who worked there told me I should decide quickly if I was going to buy it or not because things like these sell pretty fast, so I decided to buy it.
When I was about to pay for it, I did a final inspection and noticed that the paint was shipping from he corners of the drawers.
Of course items end up at a store like this for a reason, so inspect your items carefully.
At this point, I did not know if I wanted the vanity after all, but the guy who had been helping me told me they could fix it for me and repaint it.
I agreed to this, and when I picked up the vanity I realized they did a very poor job.
If I were to shop here again, I would not trust the store to fix any items, and would instead look to get them repaired elsewhere.

