Brand new everything, from ceiling to floor!
8 pedi chairs, 5 mani tables, and a mani bar that fits 4!
Offering 30% off all services until 10/31/13 www.facebook.com/TianasNails

I have been here a couple times and have gotten good gel manicures, but this last time was awful!
The towels on the counter looked like they were used for the last client, the utensils didn't look like they just came out of the sterilized bag and the nail tech cut my cuticle so badly that it bled the entire time.
And she didn't use anything to stop the bleeding except for the questionable towel.
I was ready to walk out but since I just needed the polish I assumed I would be fine.
Once done painting she was filing my nails to remove excess polish, at this point she also used her nails to push under mine and pushed so hard that she made made the cuticle under my nail bleed.
I will definitely not be back and I do not recommend this place.

Great service, great quality and great prices.
Would recommend to anyone in the Chandler area.

This was about my fifth time here.
I was welcomed in, I told them I wanted a full set and pedi, everyone was all smiles until about a 1/4 of the way in to my pedi.
Then all of a sudden it was too late to do the full set, mind you this is after my pinky nail was cut and filed.
I was asked to come back the following day.
Wwwooowww.
Two different ladies started and stopped working on my nails.
I was confused, the guy doing my toes was confused.
The guy (henery) doing my toes was awesome, did a great job and gave an amazing and thankfully calming massage and assured me I would be taken care of.
I'm still here untaken care of so we'll see...........  Ok so i did finally end up getting my nails finished.
One lady started them by doing the powder which she piled on about a quarter of an inch thick.
she made me very uncomfortable , she was rough, rude and demanding.
I didn't feel like a customer I felt like I was bothering her.
Any ways Kelly my regular nail lady took over and  finished me up and did an amazing job , she is amazing she stayed later then every one and because of her I will come back only because it's around the corner.
But I wont be recommend this place to anyone unless it's convenient.
If you can go elsewhere go.

I love this place!
I am so picky about my fills and they get it right every time.
Mary is my favorite here but honestly, I've had my nails done by a few of the techs and they always do a great job - my fills last and they don't lift which has been a problem at other places.
Also, I can't say enough about the personal attention and service you get - the last time I came in, I wanted an ombre sparkle tip I had seen on Pinterest.
They took the time to find exactly the right base color and sparkles so that my nails looked exactly the same as in the picture... talk about great service!
Plus, everything here is new and very clean... highly recommended!

