I've followed Keli from her previous wax studio to her new location.
She opened her own mini spa in Salon 3121.
I live between Phoenix, San Francisco and  Los Angeles.
It's always difficult to find a good service professional.
I have found the previous professionals didn't match up to my LA and SF girls.
I went through four different estheticians before luckily landing Keli.
She's detailed, fast, clean and a total professional.
She also uses hard wax is easier on the skin.
Almost pain free.
I wish I could move her to LA!
Since she's her own boss, her prices are great too.
I have finally found someone in Phoenix that I trust for my skin care.

I read the other review (at the time of this posting I was number 2).
I too followed Kelli from her old location.
It is too difficult to find someone who is professional, kind and truly likes what they do for a living.
Lucky for me Kelli's new location is even closer than her old location and since she is her own boss she has more flexibility in regards to prices and scheduling.
I have been in Phoenix for 3 years and she is the first person I found that has made me a repeat client.

I followed Kelli from her old location and am so grateful to have had the chance!
After moving from Monaco I found most waxes here in AZ to be expensive and totally second rate to the way they do it accross the pond.
Kelli is the exception to that.
She is professional and does a wonderful job!
Moreover she will do her best to accomodate my schedule, making slipping away for a wax that much easier.
I wouldn't wish to go anywhere else now...

I purchased a Wax service from Salon 3121 & the SpiritZ Spa.
Keli did my service & I  am "Beyond Impressed"!
She is the most professional & top notch person, I've experienced.
I will be going there from now on.
The Salon is Amazing as well with numerous services to make you feel pampered.

I first went to Keli when she was at Salon 3121 and followed her to this new location on 7th Street.
She is a true professional, is an expert in her crafts, and is a very pleasant person.
The new location is spacious and very comfortable.
For anyone considering a manzillian waxing I highly recommend her.
She also does an excellent job with eyebrows, ears and the nose.
I've also had her do a pedicure and some facial work on some unsightly blackheads.
I cannot say enough good things about her.

Anyone that has ever considered getting a Brazillan wax understands how potentially uncomfortable and completely awkward the whole experience can be.
Stripping from the waist down in front of a stranger, and then having your hair ripped out from the root typically sucks.
However, Kelli makes a potentially excruciating event almost pleasant!
I've had a lot of Brazillians and have been caused waaaay more pain.
I don't know if it's because she uses the best wax or if it's her expert technique - but whatever it is I will only go to someone else for a Brazillian if Kelli retires!!!
Her studio is private, clean and very calming.
Kelli herself is personable and funny - a nice, down to earth person that really knows what she's doing.
I know some people decide where to get waxed by price or proximity - but I want skill and speed.
Kelli is awesome and I'm SO glad I found her!

She's amazing!
Loved how easy she talks to you and her personality is just amazing and her services were just as great!
Loved her!

I love kelis work!
She's been in this buisiness for over 25 yrs and really knows her stuff.
Uses the best quality and is very sanitary.
And on the plus side her Brazilian waxes are dare I say super comfortable!

