Don't come here!!!
If I can give it No stars!
I would!!
!This lady was uptight to get her money before my brothers wedding and on the day of the wedding promise times were horrible!!!
She came right at the ceremony time  when promise time was 3 hours before and all the men's flower for their tuxedo was not as how we wanted!!
Horrible horrible horrible!!!!
1000 dollars worth of flowers for a very bad job!
FAIL!!!
people please listen don't waste your money on this place!
The flowers were practically dead, we requested roses and she gave us different kind of flowers not roses.
We paid for roses not cheap looking flowers!

I do not recommend this place AT ALL!
If I could give it negative stars I would.
The people there are so rude and unprofessional.
First of all they did not have the flowers for my order so instead of calling me they took it upon themselves to completely change it without so much as a phone call.
The employees are rude and even cursed at me and my family.
I will never come here again or recommend them to anyone!

I do not recommend this business !
Ordered flowers for my sister in law and spent over $100.
The flowers arrived very late (around 6 PM) and what we ordered on their website is not what she received .
I called to check why the flowers are not delivered, they don't even answer their phone.
Don't waste your money, If I could give it negative stars I would.

I ordered my wedding bouquet and for my bridesmaids as well, and when i recevied them i was more them happy with them, they were beautiful!!!
more than i asked for and the price was very reasonable/affordable!!
i will definatley be going back for anything else i may ever need!

My wife and I were extremely happy with the service, quality and price provided by Bettys Flower Shop.
We contacted this business to provide a bridal bouquet and a boutonniere for our wedding.
The customer service was great.
The order was delivered on time as requested without any delay.
The quality of the arrangements was  great and the items we ordered lived on two weeks past the wedding.
I would highly recommend this business to people looking for anything from wedding arrangements, valentines day arrangements or whatever purpose.
I am somewhat baffled by the one star reviews out there.
I appreciate the value of Yelp as a forum to help businesses improve and to promote consumer awareness.
I feel that some of the negative reviews may be coming from self-entitled divas or are perhaps a little too punitive in nature.
I would encourage some of the negative reviewers to perhaps engage in responsible yelping.
Throwing a tantrum online that is not based in reality can have a serious effect on business owners.

I was absolutely in love with my wedding bouquet.
The friendly and helpful staff at Bettys asked some questions to get the basic idea of what I wanted, and produced a classy bouquet surpassing even my own expectations.
I wanted purple roses and I wanted it to look pretty, and my wish was their command.
I really do not understand the negative feedback surrounding this business.
No one was rude, no one over promised and under delivered, and certainly no one cussed us out.
Perhaps at times we should evaluate our own expectations; you forgot your wife's birthday and are now in a freak out mode is not the fault of the business.
I would recommend Bettys Flower Shop to friends and family.

