This restaurant has growing pains..
The restaurant was clean and colorful.
The kitchen sits in the middle of the restaurant and the aromas are everywhere..
I ordered spring rolls as an appetizer.
They appeared on the bill but not on the table.
I like my dinner spicy.. "Thai hot".. My phad  thai came with no spices and I should have sent it back..
I've eaten in many Thai restaurants and don't hesitate to ask for the spice rack to give my dinner more kick.. Every spice rack has always included thai peppers in fish sauce but for some reason this was missing..
The scallions in the phad  thai were almost non-existent too.
My dining companion ordered curry that was overly sweet and scant on the meat.
I may go back but not really anytime soon..

I found this place while hungry ad driving down Cave creek road.
I ordered the Pad Thai for lunch....
Fantastic!

I've tried 4 times to do take out.
Every time something was missing or messed up or just took forever!!!
I get it, we're new we're new, BUT plenty of restaurants open and know what they're doing.
It's a restaurant, you don't get a learning curve or you end up closed.
As I expect this place will be soon.
Food is good if they have what you order.
Went like this: First 3 times I wanted take out they didn't do phone order so we had to drive in, order and wait.
The menu online said 4 spring rolls to an order, only got 3.
This happened twice.
I order green curry, they didn't have it.
Next time we ordered something else they said 15 minutes to pick up, got there and they were just starting the order and this time had the green curry, but had run out of chicken (at 7:00 pm) so my husband called and we ended up waiting another 25 minutes.
He got home and the Tom Ka Gai soup had all chicken, but no veggies at all!!!
Just the coconut milky soupy part and chicken!
I was like "that's why they're out of chicken, it's all in the soup.
"  Just not worth the headache.
When you google Thai food in 85022 you'll find literally ELEVEN other Thai restaurants.
Too bad they won't be around to try again in a few months since they're so close, but just one mile past there going south are 2 more Thai restaurants.

We 'accidentially' landed in Two Sisters Thai Food for lunch.
What an awesome find!!!
Their lunch special consists of a curry, a noodle or rice dish and a vegetarian dish.
Each come with soup, an egg or spring roll.
The waiter asked these two white girls how hot and we both took a 5!!!
He assured us it wasn't too spicy and he was right!!
We both had the yellow chicken curry and it was the most flavorable curry I've ever had.
Grateful it's just down the street, we plan to make this at least a weekly lunch stop if not more.
They've only been open a little more than a month, I'd say the prior reviews were just experiencing some growing pains.
Give it another try, it's well worth it.

We have eaten in and taken out several times.
The owners are very friendly.
While we were waiting for take out one night, they gave our daughter an appetizer to curb her hunger.
It was so good, we had to take some to go!
Each time we have been there, the food has been excellent.
Last night's Tom Ka Gai was delicious!

The most authentic Thai food ever!!
You must try this place out!!
The barbecue chicken at this place was absolutely phenomenal I highly recommend it and get the sweet Thai chili sauce it's absolutely amazing!

I loved my dish the 2 times I have been there.
My other guest liked it once and the other time probably gave it 3 or 4 out of 5.
Staff was very nice.
I thought they made a good effort to work for our business.

We have been meaning to stop by and try out this new restaurant and finally did tonight.
I will admit we were a little concerned when we saw no one else was there but so glad we decided to eat here.
I love Thai food and this met all my expectations and then some.
The sisters are so kind.
The boys even liked it.
I hope more people come in here.
They deserve the success :D

Was driving pass, saw this thai restaurant.
And its happen to be dinner time.
The place was nice and neat.
We ordered green curry and pad won sen.
Though im not a spicy food guy.
But the green curry was great.
If you want it more spicy, let the chef know when ordering.
It's simply great food !!

we had a wonderful first experience at 2 Sisters Thai Food.
My hubby and I went last night 12/2/13 and totally enjoyed dinner.
The Thai Tea was awesome!
The meal was fantastic.
The place is clean.
We met the manager and had a great experience.
The Spring Rolls were the best I've had.
I ordered the Ginger Chicken and it was wonderful.
Portions are a good size, and pricing was fairly decent $8.99 for the plate.
We will be returning and possibly bring more family members with us.
They also have filtered water, so a lemon is not needed to make the water drinkable.
They have a lunch special of $6.99, dine in or to go.

My Massaman Curry tasted like peanut paste, I couldn't tell if there was any coconut milk in it at all.
It was just poor quality in my opinion.

Great food and great service!
Came here last weekend on a Sunday night and didn't realize they were closing for the evening.
The owner opened the door and said to please come in with such sincerity.
We ended up deciding to stay and are so glad we did!
Got their egg rolls, Thai tea, massaman curry and fried rice.
It was all delicious!
Going back tonight :)

Short Version: Awesome service.
Great Thai Food.
Get the Massaman Curry and the Spring Rolls.
Also, get a Thai Tea.
Long Version: I came here with my wife, sister, brother-in-law and nephew not knowing that they were closing up.
At that moment the owner came out and insisted that we come in.
After some back and forth we decided to take them up on their offer.
This says a lot to me about their service.
So often you run into situations where you feel rushed by the wait staff so this was a nice change.
We felt guilty but they kept insisting that they were going to be around for another hour anyways.
The restaurant does in fact have two sisters running it in the kitchen.
They do a great job because we thoroughly enjoyed our Massaman Curry, Thai Fried Rice and Egg Rolls.
All of it was delicious.
We are pretty avid Thai Food eaters and we've yet to find a solid one by our place in Cave Creek/Moon Valley Area.
We're glad to report that we have found that place.
For a long time we were stuck with Pete's Thai which was awesome the first time we had it, but after 3 or 4 more times of ordering the same thing but getting completely different results, we've since given up.
Two Sisters does the 1 to 10 spice level like many Thai Restaurants do and they seem to have it down pretty well.
As in 5 is medium and 7-10 are pretty spicy.
I like mine around 6 or 7.
If you're unsure, they'll happily give you some extra peppers so you can spice it up further to your discretion.
We've been back 2 more times so far and still love it!
I hope the neighborhood supports them!

I'm a huge fan of this place!
The food is great: fresh, full of flavor, and genuine Thai.
The service is also good....  Just need better lighting in the restaurant.
The florescent lighting is a bit of a mood killer.

Great Thai food and the black tea is incredible!!!
If you are thinking of coming here do yourself a favor and make it happen.

I was in town for some work and ran across this restaurant.
I was just killing some time and didn't want to spend too much, so I just went with the lunch special - Tom Kha Gai soup, spring roll and vegetable stir fry.
It was delicious.
I wish I lived here and could visit more often!
Fresh ingredients, great service and that soup.
I would eat that soup as a meal by itself.
Definitely worth a try.

Yum....the people so nice and spotlessly clean.
I had the thai chicken noodle soup and it was fabulous.
Huge portion loaded with stuff.
My sister had the green curry and loved it.

Someone recommended we stop by and try Two Sister's Thai food.
We stopped in and had a wonderful dining experience.
The Thai food itself was the best I have ever had.
The Pad Thai and Drunken noodles were fantastic.
The Masuman curry was truly amazing.
Apparently everything is made from scratch.
The service was warm, friendly and efficient.
We will be back often.

With our favorite Pete's Thai restaurant taken over by new owners, we were thrilled to find a terrific replacement nearby.
Two Thai Sisters might lack in homey decor but they hit all the high notes in the kitchen.
We found their Laotian curry to be as authentic as the amok we had in Luang Prabang a couple of weeks ago.
Better yet is their massaman curry with chicken, the stir- fried seafood and their excellent pad thai with vegetables.
Spicing is based on 1-5 level of heat.
Go for the gusto and add a notch to your decision.
Four was spicy but not fiery.
The massaman curry sauce was rich, sweet and flavorful without overpowering the tender chicken.
The stir-fried seafood was a full portion of fish pieces, shrimp, fishballs and squid - not at all greasy or oily.
The pad thai was perfect - lots of noodles and lots of vegetables that still had a bit of crunch to them.
Chopped peanuts for the topping were served separately.
Portions were generous and came with steamed rice.
We were two hungry adults and after our dinner, there was more than enough left for one large lunch tomorrow!
I hope that the Two Thai Sisters are doing a great take-out business because the premises are very large and does not seem very crowded.
Hopefully this will change as word gets out.
Excellent food, freshly prepared and reasonable prices.

I'm ready to write about this fantastic place.
I've eaten here about 4-5 times now and every time, I like it more.
My new favorite dish is the pad see ew with shrimp.
I am a wuss so I always order it at a 1 spice level.
The first time we came, they were about to close, unbeknownst to us, but they insisted that we come in to eat.
That, within itself was rare and extremely kind of them to do so.
That won us over.
Their Thai iced tea is delicious, their eggrolls are crunchy and tasty.
The server/manager is friendly and prompt.
My husband and brother chat with him every time we are there and we learn something new with each visit.
We have definitely chosen this place over Pete's Thai (down the street) by a landslide.
So happy that it's here and we hope that it stays!
Support your local restaurants!

Do yourself a favor and give this place a try.
They could be more hospitable to say the least number 1; the selection of food for their lunch menu was several choices unlike the competition of various other Thai Restaurants.
Having had the opportunity to explore Thai cuisine in other parts of the country, this is as close to the real deal as it comes.
I wish I had stopped by their place earlier but thank goodness it will be a regular.
Congratulations on your restaurant!

Great Thai food and the black tea is incredible!!!
If you are thinking of coming here do yourself a favor and make it happen.
Seafood soup is really great

Massaman curry, Pad Thai, BBQ Chicken and Thai iced tea are all favorites and all were delicious.
We went about 7:30 in the evening and there were few other diners.
The food was prepared in the nearby kitchen and brought to the table piping hot and ready to go.
I generally skip dessert, but the waiter mentioned that mangos were in season and that Mango Sticky Rice was available.
It was the perfect finish to a wonderful meal.
There was plenty left over, so will have a wonderful lunch today!
Highly recommended gem of a Thai restaurant.

Authentic Thailand in your bowl.
This is not only the best and most authentic Thai food I've discovered here in the Valley, but it is very affordable, the quantities are great and the two sisters who own and operate this restaurant (thus the name) are exceedingly nice, helpful and friendly.
I come here every two weeks when I'm across the street getting my scooter serviced.
So happy I discovered it.
It is one of the few places where you can truly get extra Thai hot, if desired.
I love the vegetable tom yum.
You have to check this place out if you're in the area.

I was in the area and saw on the Yelp app that Two Sisters' Thai Food was near by.
So I stopped in to check them out, I always get Pad Thai as my measure of what a Thai restaurant can do.
My Pad Thai was good and came with chicken and shrimp; it was on point as far a flavor was concerned the noodles could have been a bit more al dente for my taste but rice noodles can be tricky.
My husband ordered the Basil rice and it was perfect great flavor and nice pieces of sliced chicken.
This time we ordered to go but next time I will order for dining area since it had a nice vibe to it.
While waiting on my order I noticed that they offer a nice weekly rotating lunch special that offers 3 different Entrees each day of the week; including an Egg roll or Spring roll and a small bowl of the soup of the day for $7.99 10:30-2:30.

I've tried them all.....ALL of them.
Two Sisters is the absolute best from appetizer to soup to entree to dessert.
It is the cleanest in this city including Thai, Chinese, and Vietnamese spots.
They do the cooking where you can watch what is happening!
I love this little place.

Bummer Update: had to change this from 5 stars to 3 stars unfortunately.
I'm totally bummed because I wanted this place to be my new "go to" in Moon Valley.
I have been here probably 10 times now and the first 3-5 times were excellent but something changed and the next 4-5 times were progressively worse.
Each time I kept saying, "maybe it was just an off night.
"  I've been getting the Pad See Ew after tasting my sister's but each time I've gotten it has been really dry.
My wife has been getting the Massaman Curry and this latest pick up order was completely watery.
Our last visit before this one we brought some friends and it was a disappointment then too unfortunately.
They ran out of the correct noodles for the Pad See Ew for our friend so they used completely different noodles and didn't make mention of it until we said something.
At which point they admitted to running out of the original one but didn't offer anything beyond that.
My only thoughts are that maybe one sister is a better cook than the other or that because they cook everything to order, they're not consistent.
Regardless neither option really works for us.
We may give it one more shot before giving up but based on the last few experiences we're about to call it a bummer loss for us.
At the very least, the service is still nice though (except for maybe the time they gave our friend the wrong noodles).

Great Thai iced tea.
Had the beef noodle soup; pretty good and lots of food.
The papaya salad, Esan style, was my favorite.
Truly the most authentic papaya salad in a restaurant I've had since my trip to Thailand.
Very high quality fish sauce and flavor.

LOVE LOVE the yellow curry!
Delicious spring rolls as well.
My husband ordered the masmasa curry and really liked it.
Service is fast and friendly.
We will be regulars.

I feel like I never had Thai Food until I dined at Two Sisters Thai Food it was THAT life changing.
I tried the Esan Gang Gai, it was a clear curry made with Lao Basil, a green vegetable possibly called Pat Krana and seasoned with fresh Dill.
The Aroma from this dish was intoxicating.
I tried to ask my server about the ingredients in this dish but she wasn't about to translate any of them.
She did say the green vegetable in my dish is believed to be a most healthy vegetable.
The vegetable was sort of like spinach but with very thin almost like celery stems.
My husband had the Pad Kee Mow and it also was unlike any Thai Dish we had anywhere else.
Not sweet, not saucy, just very flavorful.
This place isn't the fanciest with a kitchen in the middle of the dining room but is neat and was clean with a few Maricopa grade "A" inspections posted by the door.
On the restaurant's website they state they prepare 4 styles of Thai Food.
North Eastern or Esan Thai, Central Thai, Thai/Chinese and Thai/American.
If your used to Americanized Thai this might not be your destination but if you want something that seems like you took a trip to Thailand this is it!

Stopped in to order dinner to go on a Saturday at 630 and I was surprised to see I was the only one there.
I had the fresh rolls and egg fried rice with chicken.
The fresh rolls were fairly similar to Vietnamese spring rolls and were really delicious.
They had avocado in them which was a nice addition.
The rice was so good!!
I had two small plates tonight and still have plenty for dinner tomorrow.

The worst thai food I have ever had!
Save your money..
I was excited that they are  aware of gluten free but the food was not good.
The pad thai noodles were one big gelatinous pile really not edible, spring rolls were ok but in my to go order they didn't give me any sauce, the chicken in curry was dry & overcooked.
This was waste of $30!

Very delicious Food, friendly staff, and quick takeout!
Tom kha gai soup and cashew shrimp were enough for 2 people!
Don't forget to order a Thai tea!
Yum!

After watching Multi Awarding Winning Anthony Bourdain Parts Unknown in Northern Thailand I got the Impression that most Thai Food we eat is Americanized.
I recall him saying on the show something like, "Your not going to see your Pad Thai or Green Curry here!
"  Last time I was here  I had the Thai-Lao Chicken Curry uniquely flavored with Lao Basil and Dill.
I remember the waitress told me that this was a dish that they DO EAT in Thailand.
This place isn't average.
This time we started with an egg roll.
It was different and stuffed with a lot of fresh grated carrot and a little chicken.
The dipping sauce was sweet and also spicy.
I had the Esan Style Red Curry with Chicken.
Esan Style is made without Coconut Milk.
I thought it was delicious.
I haven't noticed this dish offered at other Thai Restaurants in the area.
They offer different styles of Thai here including Americanized.
The Take Out Menu has descriptions of the food and easier to order from than the menu you get seated with.
They offer brown rice but it's a half hour wait.
They have a Spectra water system that makes all their water like spring water and they say their food taste better and is healthier because of it.
The restaurant has Grade "A" Maricopa Health Inspections posted.
The Food make you feel like taking a trip to Thailand!

