If your looking for the best insurance agent in Las Vegas, call Jeremy Shugarman!
We were looking for a liability policy for our business and Jeremy was by far the most informative and concerned about our best interest.
He went above and beyond what we asked for and was very informative in every aspect of insurance.
Do you want the best insurance advise?
Do you want the best value?
Call Jeremy!

I met Jeremy Shugarman through the Chamber of Commerce and he focused on getting to know me and never did a "hard sell" to win my business.
He knew what he was doing.
Eventually, we met to go over my current policies and he found ways to save money on car and discovered that I was underinsured on homeowner's.
When I had a problem with some body damage, he met me where I was and gave his advice.
He also referred me to a good body shop in Henderson who did some major repairs to my satisfaction.
He's always available to answer my questions and even Dave Ramsey recommends using insurance brokers who don't have all their eggs in one insurance-carrier basket.
If you're looking for a personable and professional broker, give All Kinds of Insurance a call.

Jeremy Shugarman is AMAZING!
He has been my go to guy for insurance the past few years.
Typically the thought of finding an insurance provider makes me cringe, Jeremy makes the entire process extremely easy.
All I had to do was tell him what type of coverage I was looking for and not even a day later he provided me with multiple options and educated opinions on the type of insurance he recommended.
Recently, when my insurance was up for renewal Jeremy went above and beyond and took it upon himself to scout out a lower rate to save me money.
He did this without me even having to ask!
He also continued to follow up with me and made sure that I got him the necessary information.
If you need someone organized, proactive and professional in your life look no further than All Kinds of Insurance.
You will not be disappointed.
Myself and my wallet thank you Jeremy!
:-)

Called up Jeremy based on his reviews and wasn't disappointed.
He was informative and direct,I purchased three types of insurance from him.
The process was made simple by his knowledge and professionalism.
Thanks for making a mundane task go seamlessly Jeremy !

Jeremy Shugarman has been incredible when it comes to service.
I changed to Jeremy's All Kinds of Insurance this past year after many great referrals from others.
I've had an accident, called the office immediately and they couldn't have been more informative and concerned.
Also, my husband is on Medicare and we needed help on possibly changing his drug plan, Medicare part D. He walked us through on how to get comparisons on the Medicare site.
If you want exceptional customer service AND an affordable price, contact Jeremy at All Kinds of Insurance!

I was introduced to Jeremy by a friend.
I had not changed my insurance company in twenty-five years and had a lot of questions about loyalty and insurance coverage.
Jeremy answered all my questions and quoted me coverage from a variety of companies.
All Kinds of Insurance saved me a ton of money on my auto and homeowners insurance while increasing my coverages.
Plus, Jeremy is always available when I have a question about any of my coverages.
I have since added a life insurance policy, and enjoy recommending All Kinds of Insurance to my friends.

Found Jeremy on Yelp and called him for getting a health insurance.
He was very nice, knowledgeable, and professional.
We had almost zero knowledge about insurance, but Jeremy explained us clear and thorough  and gave us genuine advices about insurance.
Glad that we found him!
We are very happy about his work, and we would recommend him to friends and everybody!!!
Thank you Jeremy!

If your looking for personal service in an Insurance Man..Jeremy is your man, this guy has saved our family so much money by finding the right fit for us.
Want a quote?
call him, he's the best.
Thanks Jeremy for all your help this last year

Jeremy has been amazing to work with .
He has made getting the healthcare insurance painless (OK the part he can control) and he also worked with me to take care of my General Liability Insurance.
He stays in communication and always has an answer for your questions.
I look forward to hearing how he does for my Auto and Home which is up for renewal very soon.

My husband and I have been stressing about health insurance for about 6 months.
After a quick phone call to All Kinds of Insurance and some easy questions we were well on our way to securing coverage for our family.
Jeremy helped us understand the Nevada Health Link program and signed us up for Health Plan of Nevada right in his office.
Our rates are stellar and the entire process was pain-free!
If you're struggling to get health insurance based on the new government mandates look no further...All Kinds of Insurance is a turn-key solution!

I am so very happy I found and went to see Jeremy.
I had been looking for help and insight into getting health insurance for more than a year.
And with the new laws I had no idea what to do.
I went to another broker for a bit, but she did not want to help me at all.
I thought I was never going to get help with insurance.
I decided to give it one last shot, and found Jeremy at All Kinds of Insurance and wrote him asking for any help he could provide.
He wrote back right away and was very happy to help me.
I went in to see him and he made everything so clear and was so helpful and very knowledgeable.
He helped me finally get health insurance in less than an hour, and I was so happy that I decided to have him run me an auto insurance quote.
I wound up getting a great deal on renters and auto.
I am very pleased with my experience with Jeremy and I will be referring everyone I can to go talk to him.
Thank you Jeremy!!

Jeremy was everything you could ask for from an insurance provider- fast, friendly and understanding to my needs as a customer.
He saved me a good bit of money on my auto and tenant insurance policies and did so quickly and easily.
If you're wondering whether or not you're paying too much give him a call!
He will get you a quote and great advice super fast!

I really don't understand how Jeremy has all these 5 star reviews... Maybe he is a different person face to face?
I talked to him twice over the phone and both times he was pushy and barely listened to what I had to say.
I gave him a tiny bit of personal information he over talked me to tell me I had one option as far as health insurance was concerned and simply it was not true.
If you read this Jeremy please learn how to listen and slow down and don't assume you know everything about someone you never met.
I really do hope the best for you and your company.

Want more coverage for less money?
Call Jeremy..he saved us money last year and even more this year.
He calls you back, is on time and is easyto work with.
Call him today and get a quote.My whole family is insured with All Kinds Of Ins.
Diane Davis

Being a new resident to Nevada there are too many things to do and not enough time to do them all.
However, you do not want to make poor decisions either.
Everything was on the table home, autos, and special insurance for our Mother who needed a supplemental overage for Medicare.
Jeremy took the time to explain coverages, work with my Mother to explain every detail of her health coverage and provided all the knowledge to shop around to compare rates.
It did not take long to realize that the positive reviews for All Kinds of Insurance were spot on.
Jeremy provides knowledge, service, and competitive prices.
Cudos to Caralyn for going out of your way to provide documents for DMV.
Great team and great service.

I live in Southern California and have a great-niece in Las Vegas.
She had recently had a new baby and had to leave her job.
That meant she had no health insurance.
She was too overwhelmed with the baby's medical issues to even think about trying to figure out what her options were.
I knew she was running out of time, so I called Jeremy to ask for help.
He answered all of my questions, made recommendations and sent a quote with several options for us to choose from.
Then he emailed the application that we needed to complete.
Every time I called with a question, he either answered the phone himself, or returned the call within a few minutes.
It was SO nice to not be dealing with someone on a phone bank.
Once we got the forms completed and returned to him, he got them processed immediately so that my great-niece's coverage started on the first of the next month.
That was less than 2 weeks from when I first contacted Jeremy.
So even though I live out of the area and can't use Jeremy's services, I would strongly encourage anyone who does live in Las Vegas to take advantage of his knowledge and terrific service.

