These guys were fantastic!
I hired help through Uhaul's moving help, who did not bother to show up.
Movinghelp removed the losers from their system the day before and did not bother to let me know my movers wouldn't be showing up.
Anybody that has ever moved knows how important schedules have to be coordinated so this created a whole slew of problems.
Express home moving came in and saved the day!
They were working another move that day but still came and moved us out of our second story apartment that same day.
It was much later than we planned and we lost our unload movers because of the timing, but Express Home Moving came to the new location and did the unload for us too.
They were professional, good to our stuff, and great to deal with, and had reasonable rates.
I highly recommend these guys if you want someone who is going to communicate with you, show up,  and get the job done.
A+++

By far the best experience I've had!
This was my first time using movers to move so I was very skeptical.
After speaking with Gary at Express Home Moving he made me feel so at ease.
Especially after having another company come out and give me an estimate close to $1400.00 with three men, 1 truck and 8-10 hours of moving.
Smh.
Gary and his team were early on my day of move in, very professional and careful with my belongings.
I would definitely recommend Express Home Moving to anyone who is skeptical, first time or just needing a move.
They exceeded my expectations!

If you are looking for an amazing, fast and reliable moving service, LOOK NO FURTHER YOU HAVE FOUND THE RIGHT MOVING COMPANY.
I have used movers before and had an okay experience so I didn't really expect to much out of the movers.
However, they blew me away with how fast and professional they were.
We went with the 4 men and a truck option.
Within an hour and a half, our 2000 square foot home was moved into the truck and they were on their way to the new house.
They unpacked the truck and put all the furniture into the correct rooms so we wouldn't have to do that ourselves.
These four men are amazing hard working and the best part is the owner is a very honest man!
I will be telling everyone I know about this moving company.
They really are amazing!

Great experience with these guys!
I was able to get a three man crew with about a weeks notice.
I have moved many times and I think this is the only time the movers actually showed up on time.
Even though they had an appointment later on they were happy to accommodate my schedule and get me moved in the amount of time we agreed on.
No hidden fees, no gimmicks, no problems.
The furniture they delivered was packed in the truck well and arrived without a scratch.
The place I was renting and moving out of already had scratches on the wall and paint chips, but they were just as careful not to scratch the walls as if it was freshly painted.
Very friendly guys too.
I'm sure I'll need to move again in the near future and will definitely look to these guys when I do.
Thanks Express Home Moving!

Great experience with Ray and Shaun today!
They arrived promptly and started to work.
We held them longer than we thought we would, but they obliged with no problem.
I highly recommend them for short moves!
Karen S

I haven't written a review on Yelp for years but I had to dust off my log in and password to share my experience with Express Home Moving.
I was a little wary in the beginning because the rates are so reasonable and there are no extra fees or upcharges - you know the whole saying, "you get what you pay for," but I couldn't have been more pleased.
Everyone was professional from the beginning to the end.
Ray called the evening before to confirm time, addresses, etc.
Ray and his crew, Dylan and Shaun, showed up right on time and were friendly and polite.
Loading my stuff took a little longer than expected for several reasons .
1) I didn't have everything packed and organized, 2) I live upstairs and the stairs turn without a "straight shot" staircase, and 3) I have A LOT of bulky furniture.
Considering all that, Express Home Moving, packed the truck efficiently and in a manner where I was not concerned with any potential damage, etc.
In fact, a few times, one of the movers pointed out some minor damage to a few pieces of my furniture.
Of course, that damage was caused by the movers I used 3 years ago.
All of my property made it to the new location and was quickly unloaded.
Ray and his crew made the move as enjoyable as a move could be while remaining professional.
Give them a call, if you are moving - you won't regret it.

We used Express Home moving at the beginning of May and cannot speak more highly of the experience.
We've all had a bad move and remember the nightmares, but not with Express Home Moving.
They were thorough, on-time, extremely nice and quick too!
I would recommend them to all our friends and family!

When these people arrived I thought their 5 star reviews were correct.
Boy was I wrong!
When I hired then I made it very clear it was a pack and load into my U-Haul truck and I was going to drive it to Texas.
We even discussed that I was to provide the shrink wrap, boxes, tape, etc.
The first 10' of that 28' truck went well and then I said they were to pack the kitchen and both bathrooms and this seemed to infuriate them, especially the dry and canned food in the pantry.
The move went way downhill from there on.
They started loosely packing the truck and stuffing our items in boxes.
We rented 48 pads from U-Haul and they used only 14!
We left behind over $1000.00 worth of stuff and during unloading we discovered  about $600.00 worth of stuff damaged beyond repair.
We were unloaded by a reputable company in Texas who were amazed at the sloppy and careless load and packing they found.
I will provide witness statements upon request.
These people like only simple load, haul, and unload.
If you have anything beyond this Beware!!!
I would not recommend these clowns to my worst enemy!!

OK, I missed the truck size by 2'.
Big deal.
That doesn't change the rest of the review.
My tool box is a single level, and why whine about the bar-b-que grills when you didn't even touch them with a finger?
I will repeat that the movers in Amarillo that unloaded us have been in the business for years and do all the moves for Tech people and were disgusted by what they saw.
Ray, will you pay for the broken headboard that was loaded with out pads or shrink wrap?
It's $139.00 at Wal-Mart.
Probably not!

When I spoke with Ray for the first time to schedule for my move, he was helpful and not at all pushy.
On the day of the move, he was there early, extremely polite and got the job done in half the time I expected.
He was a Godsend, and was extremely careful and did not damage any of my items.
The rates were ridiculously reasonable and the service was top rate!
I would definitely refer them in the future.

