I bought a group on for two tans.
My first time in, I purchased the "June Special" which consisted of tanning lotion, moisturizer, and an additional tan - for $107.
I went in today to use my third session and was told there were no notes in the system and no record of my purchase.
Despite the fact I was able to show proof of the charge, I was denied tanning.
A manager was contacted by the girl at the front desk that apparently also said no to my visit today.
The really stupid part is that I was going to spend more money and buy a package for continued tanning there today, but now will take my outrageous $107 lotion elsewhere where retaining a customer is worth more than the 12 minutes it would have been for me to tan.

I have tanned here for the past couple years,  only in the month or so leading into summer.
I am always very clear that I am not interested in a membership and I pay cash at that time.
Last year they insisted on having my ATM card on record even though I was paying cash but assured me that if there were any charges made to my account all I would have to do is call the corporate office.
sure enough the first of the next month they charged the membership fee to my account.
Every month for six months thereafter they charged my account.
I sent emails and called their corporate office countless times during that time, never any response.
Ultimately, I had to handle it through my financial institution and have them block them as an authorized retailer for accessing my account.
This year I went in for my same pre-summer tanning sessions and they told me I owed them over $400.
Once again I explain that I had never been interested in a membership and have never signed up for one.
I was able to contact the corporate office at that point in time and got the matter straightened out, all charges were removed because I had never used any other sessions other than the month I had paid for (which is what I told the girl I was purchasing in the first place).
I went back into the salon once again paid cash and started tanning, figuring I would put my best foot forward.
I went in the following month and paid cash once again for my month of tanning, I just went in the store to try to tan and they informed me that I owe them over $200 for my unpaid "membership" for the past two months.
I explained to the girl I did not have a membership & I did not authorize you to access my account.
I have paid cash anytime I was interested in tanning sessions.
She says I am not tanning if I don't pay.
I called the corporate office and got voicemail so I called back to the billing department as I was explaining the situation the girl hung up on me.
When I attempted to call her back the line continues to ring busy.
I was not raising my voice or being disrespectful or rude in any way.
In a city this size with so many options for tanning salons I don't know why they continue to try to pull the scam with their membership fees and charges.
If I wanted a membership I would sign up for it.
I will never use the salon again and I do not recommend it to anyone else.

