So excited for another Mexican food place to open in my hood.
Coke products, check.
Awesome salsa/hot sauce, check.
Tasty bean & cheese burritos & quesadillas, check.
Hubby is loving the variety of their menu, which includes lengua tacos & meatball soup (as you can probably tell, he's a little more adventurous with his food than I am), and he loved both.
The prices are a little high IMHO, but otherwise 2 thumbs up.

Been waiting for them to open since they were giving out promotional samples one afternoon in November.
We tried the loaded nachos, chicken burritos, and quesadilla.
All tasty and just the right amount of burn.
They have a Coke Freestyle machine for variety.
We will return often!

Great food.
We moved here from Chicago and have tried variations of Mexican food from the hole in the wall to high-end cuisine.
This shop is exactly what I've been craving since leaving my Chicago taco joints.
Their tortas are amazing.
Tacos are flavorful and they don't skimp on the amount of meat.
There was a mix up with my order but they were very accommodating and with food as good as theirs, I quickly brushed it away!
Great food-Excellent service

Tried this New Mexican joint and was impressed.
Taco selection was nice, got three different kinds with rice and beans.
Salsa bar was good as well.
Old lady had enchiladas which she thoroughly enjoyed.
Very cool coke machine we've never encountered before.
Overall nice place we'll check out again!

Cheese sauce.
Not cheese, cheese sauce.
Burnt carne asada and pink Carne asada in the same burrito.
They couldn't even make my daughter's quesadilla properly.
This place is to be avoided.

I was so excited to try this new, nearby Mexican restaurant, only to be thoroughly disappointed.
The staff was not welcoming.
The prices are not competitive.
The portions were ridiculously small.
A burrito double the size is available at Gordo's a stone's throw away and for a lesser price!
The salsa did not knock my socks off.
My Enchiladas had barely any filling and the sauce on top was slight and dry.
I will not be returning.

Sadly, I must update my review.
I have been here three more times after my initial review and all three times waited exponentially longer than the time I was told.
On this last occasion the lady on the phone told me 20 mins so I left my house after twenty minutes, arriving five minutes after that.
I went in, gave her my name and they said it would be right out.
I sat down.
I watched three people come in, place their order, and walk out with their food.
I went to yhe counter and asked about my food.
She left to go in the back and said it wasn't ready yet.
I gave her a look of bewilderment as it had been about 40-45 mins since I placed my order.
I sat back down.
TEN MINUTES later, she brings me my food and tells me she's sorry it took so long.
That my order had actually been ready for a while and was sitting in a place she didn't know to look.
Needless to say food was WET from condensation, cold, and less than UNsatisfactory.
So sad.
I wanted to like this place!
What did I order?
Five tacos and a torta.

Finally went here.
Got hard shell taco plate.
Steak had nice char, carnitas was tender.
Love the guac salsa.
Best part was the churo.
My wife gets them every where we go, and this is by far the best churo we have had.

This place is pretty solid.
Not sure about some of the complaints with waiting.
I called and ordered take out, showed up right when they said to and it was ready.
Seemed like the kid at the counter was new but the place is new so it's kind of expected.
Also, the price complaints?
I mean it's not the bell.
We paid $15 for a burrito 3 tacos and nachos.
I feel like that's pretty normal.
The burrito was awesome.
The tortillas here are great.
I didn't like the hard shell taco, but my wife got soft ones and hers were good so go with those.
The hard shell ones taste and look store bought.
We will definitely be back.
I'd say I worry a little about the place because they don't advertise clearly and it's a huge space for a taco joint.

Sadly, I was going to give 3 stars, the food tastes wonderful, but, shortly after leaving there, both my son and I got violently sick.
I will spare details, but it was not the flu.
No return trip for this family!
We had eaten the ground beef, my wife did not.

I love this place!
The pazole was awesome and had a lot of meat in it, the nachos were good, and the best thing about this place...$16 for a dozen tamales!
The tamales are huge and cheaper than most places that sell them frozen.
I love this place and will continue to sing their praises

Got the taco salad with chicken..perfect, taste great couldn't have made it better..good service and food came put in a timely manner since it was the lunch rush..will go back if in area

I don't often write reviews...but the service and food here warrants one.
I was really hoping to like this place, but sadly I was VERY disappointed.
The staff was rude and seemed disinterested.
The food was, in a word, horrible.
I had the cheese enchilada plate, a steak taco, and a chicken taco.
I don't know what they put on the enchilada, but it definitely wasn't enchilada sauce.
The "steak" was just charred pieces of (I guess) beef.
The chicken was bland.
I may give it another shot in the future, but first impression was terrible.
I guess I will give Gordo's a chance tonight...hoping for something better.

Love this place!
The asada street tacos are amazing!
Love the homemade chips, as well.
The staff is young, but very nice.
I've really liked everything I've tried, but will keep coming back for the tacos.

Awesome place the owner is a very nice lady she always takes good care of my daughter and I when we eat here weekly.
We love the crane Asada burrito and the cheese crisp

Carne asada is outstanding!
Great flavor and quality.
But you'll be cheating yourself if you don't get at least one Green Chile Cheese Tamale!
So good!
As to the reviews about service, I have been here 3 times and every time they have been very friendly.
Food comes out hot and FRESH!
Plus, while you wait you get free chips and salsa bar.
What more could you ask for.

Quick, cheap, & yummy!
I saw a few reviews of people complaining about service, just want to state that this is not a sit down service type place.
You order at a counter, get your drink from a soft drink station, get your own salsa, and they bring food out to you, not a whole lot of service to be had.
Nothing fancy but when I need a quick, cheap meal this does the trick!

Good, clean casual dining.
My husband had the fish tacos, and I had the carne asade tacos.
Both were delicious and exceeded our expectations.
We will return when we are looking for a quick inexpensive place to eat.

I love the tacos, but the salsa is awesome!

Disappointing is all I can say.
My husband and I just happened to be driving by and decided to stop in for lunch.
Decor is very bright and pleasant.
A nice salsa bar with several choices, however, the pico de gallo and mild salsa were extremely bland, no salt, tang or heat at all.
The chips were free, but almost chewy instead of crisp.
My husband ordered the ceviche tostada (good) and the pozole (passable), mine was a little worse.
I ordered the three item combo so I could sample a few things to get a better idea of the food.
The green chile and cheese tamale was flavorless, lots of thick masa with canned green chiles in the middle and no cheese I could find.
The beef taco on a hard shell was unseasoned pot roast on a soggy taco shell, and the cheese enchilada arrived cold with a very thick red sauce.
The refried beans were unpleasantly pasty instead of smooth and creamy and, again, unseasoned and the rice had no flavor or seasoning at all (there seems to be a pattern here with the cooks not seasoning or tasting the food going out)  Price for this was $20 without any drinks (water only) so not terrible price wise, but considering the poor flavor and quality it was not worth it.
Needless to say, we will not be back.

