They have drive thru !!!!!
:)  Very nice place , its big and its clean .
Friendly people and the food is great !

Went for a late night snack, the person taking the order could not get it straight, when it finally looked like he had gotten the order right, they gave it to us.
The cheese queso was so oily and greasy it was disgusting, I asked for a chicken queso with just chicken and cheese no veggies and got a load of onions and peppers.
My brother in law got a steak taco that was soaked with water.
I will never eat at this horrible location again and we are fans of Robertos.
Honestly all these mess ups it is hard to believe was coincidence considering I never have had these troubles at the other.

Clean and shiny!
I love this place!
I will miss it now that I moved.
They are very friendly, and they don't ever overcook the tortillas, which matters greatly to me.
I recommend the Carnegie Asada Nachos, with meat, beans, cheese, sour dream, guacamole, and salsa.
The Shrimp Burrito has rice and peppers, and has a very spicy kick!

Sometimes you get an undeniable craving for a lengua burrito.
If you don't mind your walk-in order taking ten minutes without a line, this might be the place for you!
If you really like lengua with cilantro and onions, you're set.
Because that's what this burrito is: an arm-sized burrito stuffed with nothing but lengua, cilantro, and onions.
But if you want a burrito, maybe look elsewhere- not sure why there weren't any vegetables, beans, rice, cheese, guac, etc on my burrito at all and the menu doesn't really say anything to explain it.
On the bright side, I didn't have to worry about filler bites with just rice and lettuce or anything, but this wasn't what I was expecting when I ordered a burrito.
The salsa bar up front is stocked with radishes, onions, jalapenos, and various salsas- the green and red were both better than I expected, and I preferred the red.
Wish I'd gotten more.

Havent been to a robertos in 5 yrs so i was excited to try but to my disappointment it was not as great as it used to be .
The asada fries were small for the price and not as tasty as other restaurants.
I suggest you try Don Tortaco they have the best asada fries double portion for $1 less.

