The Perch did a 'soft opening' on Valentine's day which was pretty cool.
We got their early knowing it would get crowded and got some great seats.
We started on the roof which is set up nicely but unfortunately there were issues with the bar varnish?
and so they had some plastic over it.
There were some other great spots to hang upstairs but we saw they only had four taps up top.
We then sat downstairs near the bar and really enjoyed the vibe of the place.
We met tons of nice people, many of which were from the brewing arena.
We also got to take a great tour of the new brew equipment in the side yard area with all new beautiful stainless equipment that soon they should have up and running.
Though they are not brewing onsite yet, the handles on the wall will not disappoint.
They did a great job selecting beers with everything from Sex Panther to fruit infused brews to hard ciders to Chimay,  The food was OK but needs some work.
I was not a fan of the pizzas due to the dough they used and the beer sausage was dry and grainy.
The Green Chili Pork Torta was pretty darn good though.
For an opening night I was most impressed with the service.
THEY GOT SLAMMED and packed to the gills quickly and instead of it feeling chaotic and frenzied, there was just a fun busy feeling to it.
My drink was never empty and everything came quickly.
The open courtyard area is done very well and the rescued birds that are there are fun and certainly thoughtfully placed considering it is a food establishment.
About the only thing wrong with the layout is the need for more bathrooms.
Looking forward to heading back to this place when a few kinks are ironed out.
Kudos to them for a great opener.

Went to check out the soft opening yesterday.
Great outdoor patio, atmosphere, and nice place if you're just looking to get a quick drink but was disappointed with the food.
Seemed a little over priced for the quality of ingredients they were using and not the kind of place I would go to get a full meal in the future.
Will try and check it out again when they start brewing their own beer.

good times.
we've got live music, lots of patio seating, there are parrots on view.
upstairs bar and views.
its a soft opening weekend, so give the servers some time to settle in.

This restaurant is amazing.
They really go above and beyond for customer service!
The food is good.
It's definitely a fair price for everything they offer.
With a fancy drink and food for two, you're looking at less than twenty dollars a person.
When you include the atmosphere and quality, it's more than fair.
The drinks are definitely a selling point, very good and underpriced.
They give out free samples in a regular basis.
Your food may take a little time in busy hours, but it comes out rather quickly, is tasty, and exactly as described.
The Internet is fast and they have both wall outlets and USB chargers strategically placed throughout.
The atmosphere and layout is fantastic; there is no bad seat in the house.
I cannot wait to bring friends and family here!

A wonderful atmosphere with great potential.
We had dinner on the second week after opening and it was hectic, poor table lighting to read menu, food and service was slow because they were so busy.
But we will be back to see how they have worked out the kinks.
Great partnership to care for birds.

Went to The Perch with a buddy of mine yesterday for beers and lunch.
The Good: They have an extensive beer list, with some really great beers.
I was a fan of the strawberry beer, and the grapefruit slam IPA.
Ordered the black bean patty salad, and it was very tasty and enjoyable.
Went up to the top of the restaurant, and there is a great lounge area that was awesome to sit at in the great weather.
The environment of the restaurant was very nice, they have birds in cages, and it almost looks like a patio, but in a good way.
I enjoyed what was around me while eating.
The Bad: The service was terrible.
My buddy got his beer first, and mine took so long to get that I literally forgot I ordered it.
No joke.
Our salads came very slowly too.
Even the waitress approached us at one point asking, "where are your salads?
" to which I replied, "good question!
" We all had a laugh, and I wasn't trying to be rude, but it REALLY was taking too long for a salad.
It also took just as long to get our check, and the waitress mixed up our bills multiple times.
Because of this, when I got home, I came to find out that she had charged my card for my lunch AND my buddy's.
I called the restaurant back and gave them my information...the general manager was who I spoke with and he apologized and told me he cancelled the extra charge.
Of course, this happened on a saturday, so I am still waiting to see if it will in fact cancel, or fall off my account come tomorrow.
As of right now, I'm down 30 dollars that I should have.
Very irritated about this.
All in all, if it wasn't for the service and the bill mix up, I would have given it a much higher rating.
I WILL go back in hopes that this was a one time fluke, and hopefully will have a better experience next time.
Guess we'll see!

If you want a cold beer.
Don't come....  2.
If you want good service.
You apparently need to let them get established.
If you want mediocre food that's over priced.
You're here....look no more  4.
If you want anything beside 3 beers or  hard alcohol.
Don't sit upstairs.....  We waited with our name on the list for upstairs balcony.
They didn't even care where we were.
It was apparently self sit.
2 hours later...  Our waiter said he can get us hard alcohol but he would need to walk down the stairs and was tired cause he had been walking them since 10am.
We got our own drinks.
Then the beer was warm.
I got mud shark wheat beer and it was sour from being so warm.
They have been open a week.
How is it bad???
Cause they didn't properly setup anything before opening.
It is so mismanaged its sad.
We are really excited about this place.
Horrible service and beer.
They are craft beer and food.
Our hostess acknowledged that they gave us a bad experience and said they would buy a round of drinks for the four of us.
Nobody did and we were so tired of the place we left and went to San tan brewery.
A place that has good food and is managed properly.
The place has a good atmosphere but nobody knows what they are doing.

Just lunched here and experienced very good food and excellent service.
Our waitress, Debbie-O, told us they were still in their soft-opening phase and advised the menu was still a work in progress.
We tried the chip & dip trio to start and LOVED the guacamole and the mango salsa.
I had the citrus chicken caesar and my wife had the citrus shrimp salad...both were very flavorful and worth their $10 prices.
We ordered an 8" personal pizza to try and found it very good as well.
We sat on the rooftop patio and the overall experience was very good.
It's always nice trying a new restaurant.
We don't drink so can't comment on the beers, etc.
but will definitely be going back for the food & service.

It is hard to have a good experience when you have to use the restroom located outside of the establishment and then it is a port a potty?
Really?
That is something you would see at a fair while stepping on hay and dodging manure.
On top of that you would think that with all of the delays (I believe like over 4 months) that all of the "kinks" would have been figured out.
How long can an establishment use the excuse of a soft opening?
And I am not sure how sanitary all of the birds are right there by where tables are located.
The experience upstairs should be just as good if not better than the one inside but with the limited selection of drinks I found it to be less than great.

I really want to support new breweries.
I spend a lot of time and money at San Tan, Wilderness, and 4 Peaks.
I was excited to try out The Perch.
The excitement did not last.
I had one beer (4 Peaks Hop Knot) and left.
The music sucks.
If I want to hear Margaritaville and easy listening classics I'll go on a 55+ cruise.
This alone was enough to drive me out.
The brewery itself is decent, but it's in the ghetto and surrounded by trash.
The appeal of sitting on the 2nd story balcony is lost when you are looking down on piles of garbage.
While looking at the large cockatoo on the first floor, I was told by a staff member that the bird is 'a vicious animal, a face biter and he will tear your fingers right off'.
Doesn't seem like the best idea to have this bird in the middle of a bar, in a cage with large openings, but what do I know.
The seating on the upper level is from an old nightclub.
I remember seeing it for sale on Craigslist.
It is completely out of place and uncomfortable.

I was there twice.
One the week of the opening then again last weekend.
It was packed - it was crazy!
The place is fun and fabulous!!!!
A person at every seat upstairs and down.
We were waited-on, and checked-up by staff and management, they were very concerned for our wait time, and we appreciated it.
We were not in a hurry.
It's a fun, unique , place with a young vibe.
Keep up the good work.
I'm coming back, with friends and family.

Great new craft beer and wine restaurant with an awesome 2nd floor patio.
It's worth checking out for drinks and appetizers on a nice night.
Mind you, they have a few kinks to iron out, but lots of potential for this spot in downtown Chandler.
We decided to check it out on a weekend evening for dinner.
Be sure to call ahead for reservations!
Our wait was about 45 minutes, but there were a couple seats at the bar upstairs.
The view is neat because it's unique to the area.
You can see the lights on South Mountain and tops of neighboring buildings.
Downstairs they have an exotic bird exhibit featuring some really colorful avians.
Truly living up to their name in more ways than one!
Ready to imbibe, I tried the Deschutes River Ale, a golden blonde beer that won't fill you up before dinner.
If you know me, you know I like blondes.
They have all kinds of great specials on beer, wines and mixed drinks too.
For dinner, we ordered the chips and three kinds of dip: Guacamole (pretty good), mango mix (really good), and something with red peppers (not so good).
Also, we tried their Southwest "Margarita" pizza, topped with mozzarella, tomato, chimichurri sauce, and chili infused olive oil.
A slightly spicier take on the original margherita, it was decent but not outstanding.
It could be improved with a crispier crust.
Our waiter seemed inexperienced, at one point leaving us for a while after we had reminded him to bring the check.
Overall, the staff was nice but seemed overwhelmed.
I'm really looking forward to returning.
This place has the makings of being an excellent stop in my Chandler rotation.

Does the owner not understand that this review should help him.
Don't criticize people on yelp for having a bad experience at your place.
That's suicide, you are one person.
We aren't the only ones who had a bad experience.
I had 4 people with me.
Would you like all them to put their review on here?
Learn how to run a business.
Also, nothing you did that night dynamically changed on the fly.
You had 3 hostess downstairs doing nothing.
Put 1 on the roof top patio and then sit people up there.
Problem solved.

So, after reading some other Yelp reviews, I apparently stumbled into some random house in the barrio complete with porta-potties and swarming attack birds.
Oh and also, Chandler sucks!
Haters goin' hate I guess...
But ANYWAY, that wasn't my experience...
I know they are still in soft opening stages, but I'm giving this place 5 stars.
Are they there yet, no, probably a 4 as they work stuff out.
Are they going to be, I think yes, and if they aren't I'll come back and change it.
First, as far as setting goes...
I happen to like downtown Chandler, so I can't really complain that this place is IN downtown Chandler.
I think it is a nice addition to the other great places in the area.
The whole place is very open so It is a welcomed change from being inside all the time.
I like the option of hanging around in the court yard or going up to the roof.
Oh and there are birds.
Not just the rescued ones at the restaurant, which are all in cages, but also flying around outside... because nature is good like that.
The inside has that gastro pub feel I'd expect as well.
Also, yes, the restroom entrances are outside, but they are nice on the inside.
My experience was porta-potty free.
I'll  take the WIFI and accessibility to plugs around the bar too.
Do I want to enjoy a beer while getting some work done while hanging out in the courtyard again?...
YUP!
The beer selection was nice.
Honestly that's really why I'd wanted to go here.
I  liked the wide variety of beers that were on tap.
Sours, Fruit beer, IPAs, etc...
Between that and the wine and martini offerings, it gives everyone a little something they can enjoy.
I can't wait to see what kind of beers they make once their own brewery gets going.
Oh I also like the Happy Hour specials and daily beer specials.
I hope they keep that going.
I was actually surprised by the food.
For a beer places I wasn't expecting much, but the eclectic menu has a lot of good stuff that goes well with the beers.
I tried a piece of 3 different pizzas on happy hour and they were all tasty.
The homemade sausage plate was amazing.
A bunch of different mustard to go along with it.
I'll be getting that again.
I know it is only a soft menu so far, but I'm liking what I see.
PLEASE don't listen to complainants about about the menu selections.
We have enough burger places, seriously.
Service.
It was fine by me.
I usually don't expect much from new places, but there were a bunch of staff around helping people out and getting trained.
Even one of the owners was coming around and asking everyone about their experience.
I get the sense that they are really making an effort to provide everyone with a good experience.

Well, first off, I was SO excited to try this place out in Chandler.
As a resident of Chandler, and someone who frequents the DC area, I was happy to see a new brewery show up, especially one with a really cool outdoor patio concept.
I was even more curious about how the service would be, because a month ago I visited Yoli's Cafe for breakfast and saw a bit of construction going on.
I also, unfortunately, witnessed an employee (I'm assuming the owner) yelling and belittling a construction worker in the middle of the Perch while he was cutting plywood.
It was a little unsettling to witness, and I actually felt embarrassed for all involved.
Anyway, back to the Perch.
We visited this past weekend with hopes of sitting on the rooftop patio.
We were nicely greeted by a hostess who said she would put us on the list to get a seat upstairs.
She offered us the opportunity to sit at the bar or the white couches until our seat was available.
We decided to head up, and ordered one of the beers on the upstairs menu (oak creek Hef) and a glass of the $5 Pinot Grigio.
We were told that they didn't have either of those upstairs, although it states clearly on the menu that they did.
So, we headed downstairs to try again.
I was initially very excited about the $5 wine, because that is a reasonable price.
When I received my glass of wine I was shocked to see the under pour.
It was not an appropriate amount...no matter how much the cost.
Also, the beer we ordered downstairs was not cold.
The person I was with ended up drinking a Michelob Ultra (at a craft beer place) out of a bottle instead of getting another warm beer from the keg.
We endlessly waited to be seated after watching numerous people just walk upstairs and take seats at their leisure.
We even asked the hostess and she didn't have much to say.
We ended up just sitting on the white couches and further received subpar service.
We met up with friends who again had to go downstairs to get their own drinks....a soda even!
The food was ok, but also overpriced for the quality.
Pizza was cold.
One other issue we had was the HORRIBLE smell of a cigar right next to us.
It was so bad and so strong, it ruined the food for us.
I don't know how you can alleviate that situation, but one person smoking should not ruin the ambiance for everyone else.
How about no cigars allowed around food?!
Yuck.
I'm disappointed in seeing the OWNER of a restaurant berating and criticizing patrons.
We all came to the Perch for one reason: to have a good time!
We WANT to see this business do well because many of us are from Chandler.
I hope that the owner thinks twice about "burying" his customers on Yelp with negative remarks.
Good luck!

I know this place is just getting started... but WOW.
The hummus is fa bu lous.
The fruit/goat cheese dip is a must---and take some home.
YUM.
The food is good, yet the menu is still teeny, I'm sure that'll grow with the place.
The Big deal here... the atmosphere just does it all.
I feel like I just fell down some wormhole and landed on an amazing Caribbean or Jamaican patio.
Birds and all....   Is that my long lost pet parrot Bob over there?
I love it.
This place is so refreshing!!!
There's a roof top patio - looks great for doing some drinkin, maybe after work for me.
I will be back.
Thanks to the owners for such a cool, fresh and unique concept!

My husband and I had dinner and drinks here tonight (a Thursday).
They've been open about 2 weeks and the menus still say "soft opening" which is totally understandable.
The beer list is fantastic - we were a little disappointed that they don't have any house brews available yet, but again, understandable.
We enjoyed the beers we got (including the beer I had from Huss, a local brewery that I was trying for the first time).
The owner came by a couple of times to make sure that we were enjoying ourselves and that everything was fine, a touch that was very much appreciated.
We had some service issues (we're pretty sure the waitress forgot to put in our food order, and we waited an hour for it).
They more than made up for it when the bill came - it's one thing to make mistakes and have issues in a brand new restaurant, but it definitely makes things better when they are acknowledged and recognized.
We sat on the rooftop patio which is GORGEOUS.
I know this place is going to be bursting at the seams soon enough.
The food was tasty (the beer sausage plate and the fries on the side were especially notable).
Definitely some room for improvement, but a ton of potential.
We loved the birds, too!
We were surprised (in a good way) at how many there were!
The parrots were gorgeous.
The place was less crowded than it probably would be on a weekend night, but we didn't see anyone sitting anywhere close to the birds.
There didn't appear to be any sanitation issues with the birds, so I'm not sure where some of the other reviewers were coming from with that.

This place is new and located in downtown chandler.
It has only been open maybe 3 weeks and they have been doing a soft opening.
The menu is limited to a few appetizers, salads, sandwiches and pizza.
My friend and I both got salads and it was pretty good.
The salad was very fresh and the dressing was tasty but light.
The place is very open and it also offers a roof top patio space( nice to eat out on a sunny day).
They have happy hour 2-7.
I love that as soon as you walk into the place you see cages of live parrots.
The birds are really pretty to look at but when your sitting close by them it's kinda annoying when it's squeaking by your ear.
They have plenty of drinks to choose from but not all are available yet.
The owner came around a few times to the tables to see if everyone was ourselves and that was nice.
I'm giving them only four stars because they were understaffed the night we went and it took forever for the server to come and take our orders.
Defiantly some room for improvement but it has great potential!

Service has been awful, they've been open for only a month but have lots to work on in terms of service.
Our server was complaining that they had to go up and down the stairs for some of our drinks (I was  debating whether or not to remind the employee that the establishment is named "The Perch" after all.
A bud light took 30 min to deliver from time of order.
It was during happy hour so I believe the staff was ill prepared.
The menu was very limited, wings were not available yet even though it was on the menu.
Why would an establishment put it on a menu to begin with.
For a brewery, their stout list was limited to only one (e.g.
Odell Chocolate Nitro).
I would pass on this place in the future.
Only attended b/c colleagues chose the place.

What a refreshing new place!
I loved the rooftop terrace and drank beer out in the sun with my family.
I tried a few beers (a strawberry one and a peach variety) that were delicious.
Goat's cheese dip is excellent and the Rebecca's topless black bean burger too.
Our waitress was a sweet girl who was sensitive in getting our orders out quickly.
This is a great place to pass a Saturday or Sunday afternoon.
Very relaxing, and thank you for opening a pub that's got great ambiance!
I will be back!

Great little gem in downtown Chandler that has quality food and even better beer!
Happy hour is from 2-7 and had great food and drink specials.
I will be up on the rooftop patio enjoying the sun next time I go.

I came here on a Friday night with some friends to enjoy the nice weather and have a couple brews.
Parking is close by in a dirt lot with just a quick walk over to the front.
Friendly staff and one of the owners greeted us right away as we went upstairs.
A nice crowd of people were there, enjoying their drinks with friends.
The bar upstairs was slammed so drinks took about 10 minutes to get.
I started with a San Tan Hefe, which was cold and delicious.
I was with a big group and were able to sit on the nice couches and then moved to an area with smaller tables to nibble on appetizers.
The food choices are different but did enjoy what we ordered.
Our group had the chips and salsa, which came with 3 different dips.
We also ordered the cheese platter and the hummus.
The hummus does have a kick, which I wasn't expecting, so I stuck with just eating the veggies.
Cheese platter was delicious, especially with a nice cold beer.
Chips and dip were good too.
Servers were around to take orders, which made getting drinks and food easy.
They do have angry orchard, which I ordered next.
The view, weather and vibe of the Perch was really awesome and my favorite part.
It is so relaxing to drink, hang out and just enjoy other people's company.
I talked with many new people that night, including the owners.
James came over to personally thank us for coming and asked if he could get us anything.
Personally, I think that is awesome and makes me want to come back even more.
Oh, and the women's bathroom is decorated really cute, nice touch!
Yes, this place is new and does still have kinks to work out.
It's truly a unique spot and I really had a great time.
I can't wait to come back and enjoy, whether it's with a group of friends or on a date with my boyfriend.
Great job James, keep up the good work!

Well, I experienced this on a rainy day.
Not the best choice, but...
This place is amazing!
The patio is beautiful, you can hear the birds talking and singing, which is pretty awesome!
I had -I don't remember how many- great beers, selection is absolutely insane.
Staff is very friendly and welcoming.
We first sit outside, before the rain goes crazy.
Then we moved inside, atmosphere was so nice.
I had the hummus, which is so good and very large for the price...
I absolutely love that place, I'll go again and again with my boyfriend or friends or family!
Highly recommended!

My first time here and it is awesome!
ANDREW was kind enough to give us tour of the upcoming brewery!
I can't wait to try the brews.
The beer list is amazing.
Each time I get to try something new.
On the upstairs patio and the staff is very attentive never letting my glass get empty.
We are only had a couple of apps the hummus is amazing!
Next time we will be here for dinner!
Also live music on a Sunday afternoon yes please!
Not to mention a perfect patio day in Arizona.
Perfect Weather!

There is something special about this place.
You can see a ton of little touches that add to the joint.
The service was excellent from one Tyler to another.
Drinks came quickly, even martinis, to the roof top patio.
Andrew took time out of his busy day to take us on a brewery tour and it seems like they do this on a regular basis.
If I had a brewery like this I would be proud and want to show it off too!
The food was good and it seems fresh.
The jalapeño lime hummus was EXCELLENT and the beer sausage should be something to also be proud of.
Well done chef!
You guys will be here for a while.

The Perch is a great out door bar and the ambiance is like no other in the Chandler.
Being a craft brew bar they have a wide range of tasty beers.
Not to mention the roof top bar is nice change of scenery.

I went there the first time with couple of friends.
I probably wouldn't have found it if my friends didn't show me where it is.
The atmosphere was really awesome!
I love the layout of the bar and the decorations there.
The beer selection was impressive for a place just opened for only a week.
Our waiter told us that they plan on brewing their own beers as well.
Can't wait!
Recommend their happy hour pizza deal!

Still using the soft opening excuse.
No one greeted us today.
Server on the roof recommend a beer they were out of.
Went to sit downstairs and found it difficult to be served.
We had a table just no server.
With the exception of Andrew, I found the entire staff to be rude and lacking knowledge of their own menu.
Our server never introduced himself and seemed to lack server experience.
My wife was greeted at the table to a totally offensive "joke" tied to the mason candle.
I think it may have fallen off before we left.
We actually had a female server stop at our table to ask US about what we eating.
I went with excitement but left very disappointed.
I will give them another try in a few weeks when the soft opening is over.

Love the potential this place has, but they still have a lot kinks to work out.
We sat on the patio, which was very relaxing, but it took about 10 min to have our table cleaned and drink orders taken.
Our waitress was very sweet, but very uneducated about the beers and what beers were actually available.
Menu was very limited, so we tried their gourmet beer sausage with 3 dipping sauces.
Wasn't that tasty, there was a strong seasoning or herb that was very overpowering.
Plus, it came out lukewarm.
Definitely wasn't worth the steep price...
Overall, it's a great atmosphere behind a great concept and I will definitely be back, but I'll give it another month or 2 before returning.
I'm a huge fan of local breweries, so I'm looking forward to trying their own house brews.

I'll keep this brief as I hope they can make improvements and I can write a better review later but here it goes.....  First time here was awesome....shoot first week here was awesome!
Five Stars all the way, think I made it in 5 nights the first week.
Atmosphere is unlike any other place, food was good, amazing beer on draft, I was a huge advocate and recommended it to everyone, which now is quite embarrassing.
With so much potential its sad to see a place like this go down hill so quick.
The last few times I've been in  everything has been absolutely miserable.
Service is terrible, waiters seem confused, food and drink is sporadic on whats in stock and whats not....things are just all over in the place.....you can tell they are lacking in leadership and direction which I can see now as I hear they have parted ways with their GM.
And the jokes in the bathroom and tables are HILARIOUS...mom really enjoyed them.
Props to AJ (Ashley), Ethan, and Brandon....they rocked and are whats going to save this place.

This is a great spot to meet up with friends and have a cold drink...or two!
Lots of choices for beer.
I love the patio deck.
Great add to the many choices in downtown Chandler.

First time checking out The Perch was yesterday, and was pleasantly surprised with all the good stuff packed into a quirky little spot.
Took out of town family and had a great time.
Service was good.
Dustin was friendly, hard working and made our experience very good.
We'll be back to enjoy the great atmosphere, good food, and rooftop sunsets.

The atmosphere is awesome!
On the other hand, we ordered wings and they said they were out (it was only 6pm).
Then we ordered the trio hummus which was not good.
For an entree I got the guacamole and chili burger that was pretty good.
Lastly, the service was alright.
I think this would be such a great place if they could fix the menu and spruce up service.

This place doesn't know what it wants to be but I can tell you what it is: WEAK.
From the management sitting on it's ass at the bar to the out of stock draft selections.
Do me a favor you're in downtown chandler please accept that fact and embrace the average bar scene or the family restaurant crowd, you can't have both.
Oh and PS thanks for the flat/room temperature 4th beer choice I made.

Nice atmosphere, great service and drink selection.
Heads up everyone, limited menu and each one if our dinner orders was flawed (6 of us).
Chicken Caesar, no cheese.
Tater Tots, cold.
Fries, cold.
etc.
etc.
Food, when right- pretty ordinary.
Oddly enough, we liked it due to ambience and staff.
This is a 100% patio restaurant.
We'll be back on a nice night, but just for the bar area.

really like this place, it has great food and will have their own beer soon.
the birds and roof top bar are very entertaining as well.
the only downside to this place is they allow smoking which is ridiculous people!

Advertised hours until 12:30 am seven days a week.
Four of us walk in and the bartender says "We closed at 11".
I tell him it would be nice if the advertised hours say that.
I've only been in the business 20 years" He proceeds to say "I'll be sure to let the owners know that" Attitude will get you nowhere in this industry.
I don't know care how "new" the business is, you should know Hospitality Basics 101.

Management wake up!
You have the coolest  restaurant/bar around but the service is probably the worst I have ever seen.
I have been here several times and the same problem continues... Poor service!
Serving staff is lacking direction, in fact I saw several customers leave because they could not get service and the waitress didn't even know they were her table to serve.
It took me 30 minutes to get a beer on several of my visits.
The positive is the atmosphere both on the rooftop and downstairs.
It is unique and very cool.
Also the food I have tried was different and very tasty.
If you go to the rooftop be prepared as the service is very slow.
I learned to order 30 minutes in advance to get my order due to the slow service.
This could be a fantastic place to go for food and drink, but if the service does not improve customers will eventually get too frustrated and find somewhere else to go, and in Downtown Chandler there are plenty of options.

The ambiance and friendliness of the staff are stellar.
It's got an open-air feel at every table since the walls are rolled up, and there are plenty of patio and upper deck seats.
We tried the beer cheese and beer sausage pizza and cheese board.
Both were tasty, although I'd give the edge to the pizza.
They have 30 beer handles plus some bottled beer, so there are lots of great options.
We saw a sign for $5 house wine specials every day, which is pretty nice on a weekend night.
A shuttle is offered for those within 10 miles, which is a very nice service.
We did not use it, as I was the designated driver, but we probably will in the future.
How to improve to 5 stars:  1.
Offer desserts.
We heard that pizza cookies are being developed, so this is on the way.
The cheese board had very few crackers and a lot of cheese.
This could have used more crackers.
We used our pizza crust as a substitute.
The price point is just a little bit high.
Slightly lower prices or larger portions would make The Perch more competitive with the neighboring SanTan Brewery.

Went in for the first time a couple weeks ago- aside from an undrinkable cocktail that needed to be sent back it was a pleasant enough dining experience.
The food was solid, servers seemed a bit overwhelmed but were adequate, and the ambiance was great.
We thought we would give it another go last night but were disappointed.
After being seated we failed to receive any acknowledgement from our section's server.
After a solid 15 minutes of being ignored we decided to take our money elsewhere.
Fortunately there are many more put together operations for good food and drink in downtown Chandler (Vintage 95 and San Tan to name a few) and we will be giving them our business, at least until The Perch makes some necessary improvements.

I attempted to try The Perch for the 3rd time last night but after not being acknowledged after over 15 minutes I decided to leave and take my business elsewhere.
I did not have great experiences the first 2 times I was there, but I figured it take time for a new gastropub to work out the kinks.
The second time I was there I had adequate service and the food and beer were pretty good so I figured it would be even better this time, but I apparently mistaken.
It would have been nice to have a service staff member or managment stop by our table while we sat waiting, but they were too busy to take care of us I guess.
I did not receive any attention from an employee until I decided to walk out and he just asked "is everything o.k.".
The same server stood at the hostess stand and was high fiving customers as they left, while we waited for to be served.
On a positive note we did go to another a wine lounge within walking distance from The Perch and had excellent service, food, and drink.
Great potential though.

I have been here a few times.
The beer ad wine is great!
I love sitting I the roof top.
I have had the wings, tater tots, sausage platter, and hummus.
All were fantastic.
I can't wait to try more food here.
Pricing is pretty good ad the happy hour prices are solid.
I recommend coming here at least once.
They have only been open a month and are still working out some of the kinks but I love this place.

Great place, they were overcrowded and short staffed (due to waiters calling in sick) yet did everything they could to make us happy.
I highly recommend.
The beer tub lady was super friendly too

I love the bird concept - And I would love to know the story behind the idea.
Is the owner a lover of birds?
In the evening though, they nearly all have their little beaks tucked into their wings, trying to get some shut eye.
The architecture is awesome, and the place is quite lively.
Fun music, which they did turn down when it got too loud to have a conversation.
Very nice beer list, with ones I have not seen elsewhere.
Even served the stout at a nice temperature, so I did not have to wait for it to warm up.
Huss, Hess, Dragoon, 4 Peaks, San Tan, Lagunitas ...
The smoked burgers sounded great, but were overcooked.
Nice tots.
They had Sriracha too, thank goodness.
Nice vegetarian options on the menu also.
Could use some desserts -- something ooye gooyee chocolaty is my recommendation.
Also, I hear they will be brewing their own.
Which got us talking about bird-themed names for their brews.
Albatross Ale.
Toucan for the imperial IPA (because, two-can-do-you-in).
Red Robin Red.
Looking forward to another visit!
Oh, I disagree - the birds are not gross.
Birds can be messy.
But they are away from the tables, and there were no feathers, smell or bird mess to ruin our time

We came here for a birthday dinner and had a very disappointing experience!
Our waiter seemed confused and was very annoyed that he had to do separate checks.
He hardly talked to us at all besides making rude or snarky comments.
Some of our friends got service faster at the bar than through our waiter!
It's been 17 minutes and counting and we still have not gotten our drinks!
Terrible service.
.. so disappointed!

Cool atmosphere, awesome roof-top deck, great beer selection and the food was ok.

Please drop your 1/2 glass of Strawberry beer from $7 down to a reasonable price, then I'll be back.
Seriously, I got a glass of brrr cut in half.
Embarrassed by my sippy cup of beer.
Delicious, though.
4 for ambiance, location and hours.

We REALLY wanted to like this place, but....
Pro's: awesome location in alley in downtown Chandler...great decor...rooftop bar...friendly service  Con's: - Food...the bruschetta was so bad we could only get through one bite of each kind and had to force that down...it's such an easy thing to make too....tomato part of garlic one was bitter, bread tasted old and wasn't toasted, etc...terrible.
- Signature drinks were so bad we left them.
Sweet Manhattan?
No!
Vintage 95 Manhattan is incredible....they take fresh orange peel, light it on fire and rub the rim...yummy.
If they get a new cook and bartender, we will return...until then, we will go to Vintage 95 -- awesome.

Great beer selection and tasty unique food.
It's still new, so the service is a little slow...well worth the wait.
Try the green chili pork pie.

This place is a fantastic addition to downtown Chandler- they have a super cool rooftop patio, live music and great service!
The Green Chile Pork Pie was DELICIOUS!
I also enjoyed the apricot beer (although it was only available in a can).
PROS: atmosphere, food, service (you won't find many places like this in Chandler)  CONS: limited selection of draft beers, tater tots were not made in house (they were the kind you buy at the grocery store)   Based on previous reviews, I would say the Perch is getting better.
Once they bring in a bigger selection of drafts and start making their own tater tots, I'll change this to 5 stars!

Right when you walk in, you are greeted by Amazon Parrots.
Hands down the coolest thing ever!
Giant Checker and Chess boards, beautiful decor, and friendly staff.
Our bartender Brandon was such an awesome host, made recommendations, and always made sure we had everything we needed!
The rooftop bar plus a nice Arizona Spring afternoon was a great combination!
The photos of the food we had speak for them selves.
Will be coming back again and again.

I have given it some time and kept up with the different reviews on here to see if changes were made and I could find my dining experience a more enjoyable one.
While keeping up with the reviews I've noticed that all of the negative remarks that were made, from what I gather is the manager, were removed.
That is a good thing because his comments were very rude and obnoxious.
I've noticed a lot more positive reviews (and I have noticed that most of the negative ones have also been removed) but thought I should test the waters again since now the "soft opening" and the "just opened" kinks should be worked out.
I'm sorry to report that I still did not find my visit to be enjoyable.
The birds go through phases where they are quiet and then get extremely loud (I do find them cute but...) My drink and food seemed to be at the same temperature... luke warm and I have to agree with others that have stated while it is a beautiful place the surroundings are less than attractive.
With the trash one one side, an alley on the other and the infamous port a johns still linger out front.
Although I like the idea of checking reviews on a place prior to visiting I am learning that the reporting system may not always be accurate.
What is the point in having a forum that consumers can provide feedback if you are not going to try and make suggested changes and delete some of the reviews that may not be as favorable?

Awesome environment.
we went during soft opening and staff was friendly and personable.
Brewery was not yet up to production due to delays in inspections, but they had a good selection of Kraft beers from other places and we took home two growlers of it..  Great atmosphere, especially upstairs at night.
enjoyed the Aviary and bird cages.
can't wait to go back and try the food!

I went to this amazing restaurant during the soft openings and let me tell you, it was delicious and amazing.
The decor was amazing and the atmosphere was incredible and it was cool how this restaurant lets you roam around.
The staff are attentive and friendly.
And the food!
I had the citrus chicken salad and it was delicious!
The salad was fresh and the chicken was so juicy and the dressing was mind blowing!
I also had the sasuage pizza and the sasuage was to die for and the crust was flaky and the pizza sauce was tomatoe goodness.
Unfortunately im not old enough to drink but I believe the beer was  amazing!
This place was astonishing and I cant wait to see what the future has to offer to the Perch!

Let's be honest.
The spread of 1 stars and 5 stars on The Perch is common for a new establishment.
The 1 stars here dwell on the opportunities (service deficiencies) and lack any celebration of great service.
Any place will have it's balance of these and it's own speed bumps early on, so ease up.
As a mystery shopper, I can attest that The Perch has a fantastic atmosphere, great staff, and an overall delivery model that is unique and classy - definitely a GREAT touch for the DC area.
There is honest opportunity present with the staff learning the changing menu; I've been here a number of times and have seen it updated.
This is common and expected, but it would behoove the staff to be briefed on the changes.
The food was great and on reading other reviews about the food, service, or cleaniness, I can't really see where they're coming from.
The Perch isn't filthy nor is the food or service "that bad" to what the "1 star-ers" are saying.
I urge new patrons to come try The Perch.
Though, it's been a little crowded when I've come, I look forward to sitting on the roof next time!
The birds, the live music, the slight breeze...all make for a very pleasant atmosphere.
4 stars all the way; -1 star only because there may be 1 or 2 things to improve on, but if I could, I'd say 4.99999 stars!

Had a very nice dining experience here with the hubby.
We are bird lovers, however, and have a parrot at home so I'm used to parrot noise.
If that really bothers you I'm not sure I'd recommend this place.
We sat outside in the garden area but maybe they don't have birds up on the roof or inside.
The pizza and salad were good and the service was great.
I'm not a fan of sweet salad dressing but the strawberry balsamic vinaigrette was surprisingly not bad.
I found a white wine I liked and hubby found a good beer (he's very particular).
They will be brewing their own beer here soon.
Loved the atmosphere.
It was great for a temperate early evening in March but we'll have to see what it's like about the middle of July!

After all of the bad reviews I read on here, honestly, I went just to see how bad it was.
Luckily for me, it was pretty nice.
However; I went on a Tuesday, in the afternoon and hardly anyone was there.
I also hung out at the bar, not upstairs.
So here's what I think about my experience.
The bartender was a friendly, chatty readhead and she was attentive to us.
She helped us remember when happy hour was about to start so we could take advantage of the specials.
The food was amazing.
We shared a beer board which consisted of beer sausage, beer cheese spread and beer bread.
A little on the bland side but pretty good.
After our Guinnesses (which they have on tap.
Thank you!
) we had their specialty drink called Jamie's Boone.
Served in little copper cups, it's basically Jameson with ginger beer and crushed mint leaves.
Yum!!
My boyfriend had the green chili pulled pork and I had the smokehouse burger.
The rooftop is a nice idea but you can already see where the sun and weather has worn things like chairs and cushions.
Don't know how many people would really be up there from May-September, but hey, I guess if you're trying to be a trendy hot spot (ahem, it's not Downtown Phoenix, but ok) you gotta have a "rooftop bar" Whatevs.
One other bartender was kind of friendly and talked to us, but the servers seemed to lack enthusiasm and didn't have much going in the outgoing department.
Overall, really cool place to hang out.
There weren't many people there so I can't attest for how douchey it may get on the weekends.
I knew where this place was but if you are not familiar with Downtown Chandler, you WILL have a hard time finding it.
Best bet is to park where you think it is and just start walking around.
Good luck!

Went here tonight for a casual night out with my husband.
We wanted to go early before it got crowded.
We got there around 5:30 and went to the bar upstairs.
There was a good amount of people up there yet there was still several open places to sit.
Upstairs it is seat yourself.
I had been reading the reviews on here and saw a few that gave bad reviews for poor service so I was nervous.
However, we were greeted in a fair amount of time and placed our drink order.
I wanted a beer and am not adventurous with beer so I ordered a Bud Light.
I wasn't asked if I wanted it on tap or in a can.
I assumed it would come in a glass.
However I was delivered a can.
Kind of different but it was fine with me.
My husband ordered a peach iced tea.
It was sweetened and he felt it was too sweet, though.
The menu was interesting.
There were a lot of items that did not appeal to me but a few that did and the prices seemed very reasonable.
I ordered the spinach artichoke grilled cheese sandwich that comes with tater tots.
He ordered the  beer sausage pizza.
I enjoyed the sandwich very much.
He liked the pizza fine but didn't think it was anything special.
Our server was very very low key, not much of a personality but he did the job and I don't have any complaints regarding service.
As the sun went down it started to get much busier.
It's definitely a hotspot for young-middle age crowd.
Not really a young crowd but that may change as the evening goes on.
We left by 6:30.
We enjoyed hanging out and enjoying the atmosphere.
It is a cool place.
Downstairs looked nice too and would be a fun place to go with the kids.
The birds were fun to watch down there.
My only complaint for the night was that people are allowed to smoke up there so every once in a while we got a whiff of the smoke.
It wasn't that bad...could have been worse.
There was music playing and we were right by the speakers.
It was the perfect level...loud that it drowned out the other conversations but not too loud that we  couldn't hear each other.
I would definitely go back... it is a cool atmosphere and would be fun to go to with a group or girls night out.

Good to see this place finally opened.
It was a big remodel it seems and had some issues but it looks nice.
The roofdeck is large but doesn't overlook the best parts of Chandler.
The first floor is really nice, I really like the feeling in and around the bar - the patio is nice too but those birds... wtf.
so loud.
And I'm pretty sure they swear too lol.
Just don't sit on the east side by them.
Service is on the slow side...
I wouldn't say the guys were mad.. but seemed preoccupied although there were a lot of people working and not doing a ton.. just felt like we were bothering him for a beer.
Whatever..
I know they're new but that's an area that needs improvement.
So expect that to get better over time.
Location isn't necessarily far from downtown - there's just nothing in between.
A nice gravel lot; a grease trap of a fish and chips place and then you're there.
Bam!
Decent craft brew selection but both times I was there.. something else was out of stock.
I mean it happens?
but.. ok.   Food...
I had an appetizer.. so can't really mess that up but I'd eat it again.
Next time I'm in town I'll probably check it out again.

I did not give a review of Perch last time I was there because they had only been open for about a week.
I am always willing to give a place (especially a new one) the benefit of the doubt.
But with this being the second time and almost two months later, I have to render a verdict.
Let me say I really (REALLY ) want to like this place.
The location is great.
The beer selection is very good, and the wine selection is interesting, although not overly extensive.
And the food is also good.
They have some kinks to work out in the finer points of some dishes, but overall the place lives up to its "gastropub" distinction.
I would be inclined to give the food and drink menus a four star rating.
But what is the one thing that makes the best food and drink taste bad?....the service.
Service should get half a star at best.
When I first sat down at the bar, it took almost five minutes before one of the two main bartenders acknowledged my presence, even though I was sitting right next to the service bar.
The first beer came relatively quickly, but the woman next to me that sat down (and also owns a local restaurant) had to wait almost ten minutes just to get a glass of wine.
Apparently at this establishment it takes two  bartenders to deal with a half-full bar and a half-full restaurant.
This was a Sunday afternoon, so we weren't dealing with the Friday/Saturday night rush.
Two separate times I waited ten minutes before a bartender noticed my beer was gone.
I wasn't just waiting to be noticed though...
I tried to flag down a bartender three separate times and they looked right past me!
I did manage to order some food (the poutine style tater tots) which was very good.
But no one checked how I liked the food or asked if I wanted to order more food, even though I explicitly said I would order more later.
These bartenders had to keep checking recipes to make margaritas.
I mean, I know what it's like to be a new bartender, but come on!
I'm not sure how these guys got hired to be bartenders but it wasn't for their speed or ability to mix cocktails - most of which went out without garnishes (remember, I was sitting next to the service bar).
Here's a few other things I jotted down in the moment: 1) One bartender left his sinus rinse bottle out on the bar.
I understand it sucks when you are dealing with allergies, but that doesn't look great to the guests.
2) The only bartender that knew anything about service and making drinks only showed up every once in a while (busy elsewhere I assume).
3) I watched a bartender spill Knob Creek on his hand and all over the floor because he was haphazardly holding two glasses rather than setting them on the bar mats which were right in front if him.
If I could make one recommendation to this place it would be to focus on service for the foreseeable future.
And teach your bartenders how to actually tend bar - make drinks and help customers in a timely fashion.
As I said already, I want this place to be great and hope to come back in the future, but as it stands the food and drink offerings do not make up for the terrible service (at the bar at least).
One nice point was the guitarist playing in the courtyard.
He played a nice selection of tunes and could be heard throughout the restaurant.

My favorite thing about this place is the atmosphere.
The lighting is nice and the birds and checker boards are fun.
The parking is pretty conveniently located across the street.
The food was outstanding.
We had the bacon/cheddar burger and The Wall Street salad.
The service was the reason I did not give this place 5 stars.
One of the drinks we ordered never came and it took quite a while for our food to come, though the waitress was nice.
That said, it's a beautiful place to sit and relax and enjoy music and a drink or game while you wait.

had a fantastic time here with another couple.
they had been here another time and had vouched for the food/drinks.
loved the atmosphere and the great outdoor area that housed all sorts of birds and vegetation.
it was really relaxed and comfy.
staff was extremely friendly and even though our wait for a table was 35 minutes, we passed the time chatting at the bar and getting great service from the bartenders.
food was pretty good.
check out the sweet potato tots (love them) and their burgers.
the salads also looked pretty good and were served in large portions.
definitely going to come back here to try some other things and maybe hit it up during happy hour to see if service is still great and to try some of their specialty drinks.
really a great place in chandler and nice to see something new and exciting in the area!

I have to say COMPLETELY DISSATISFIED!!
Service was TERRIBLE.
I have never been to a restaurant or any business for that matter where I have ever felt the need to write a review, and honestly I am not a person to focus on the negatives but this is too bad not to write a review.
First of all extremely UNPROFESSIONAL.
You do not walk in feeling welcomed.
We were able to get a table quickly, this was Sunday afternoon lunch time.
Sat down and a server came to the table rather quickly, do not believe she ever said her name as there were 5 of us in our party and no one remembered her saying it.
Anyway, I did not see where the non- alcoholic drinks  were listed on the menu (possibly they are listed on the wine menu, but since I wasn't drinking wine never glanced at it) so I asked what do you have to drink?
Immediate with attitude I was told all the typical soft drinks, ok I ask so what if you don't drink soft drinks?
Do you have tea?
No sooner than we placed our drink order another server runs over and says I'm sorry to keep you guys waiting what can I get you to drink?
We said we already placed out drink order and he says how is that, this is MY table?
HMMMM, poor communication!
Next we ordered food, my daughter is a vegetarian and 7!
BTW, no kids menu, so I asked for just a grilled cheese sandwich with Cheddar cheese (the waitress told us she didn't think they had plain cheddar) and a side KALE salad, because one of the salads on the menu is a mixed greens/kale mix (however we were only brought mixed greens) My mother in law placed an order and waitress told her, I'm not sure if we have that, we were out of it last night.
So my mother in law says ok well just let me know and I will choose something else.
The waitress never came back to let us know about the cheddar cheese or if they had what my mother in law was intending to order, UGH!
Food came and it is subpar, nothing to brag about, actually my sons wings had hair from the basting brush in them!
GROSS!
Also for it being such a new venue, you would think a manager would stop by the table and see how you like everything.
This is minor but still odd, our menus were never cleared.
Anyway, i just noticed all around at other tables things I'm not ok with.
Hostess seated someone at a table that hadn't been cleared from previous guest, the guest at the table beside us order was incorrect and as we left the hostess did not acknowledge us and thank us for coming I looked at her and realized she was TEXTING on her phone!
So sad because this a wonderful concept and great location but not going to be good for the Chandler's reputation.

I really wanted to love this place, and I did enjoy  the atmosphere, but our bill for two hamburgers; two pints of Grand Canyon beer; and one glass of wine was $54.00.
With those prices, we won't be rushing back anytime soon.

Whoa - a sign of the apocalypse or could it be Chandler is inching towards hip?
Yes the soft opening had some rough edges, but that seems to have been the plan.
Come in and watch it evolve over time.....this is not a chain, it's unique, it's personable, and buckle my chin strap - it's in Chandler!
The return visit last Sunday really made an impression - the service was quite good.
Several came across as very knowledgable, friendly, and thoughtful, and it was busy.
For me the outdoor space is it - lots of little nooks & crannies to relax in surrounded by trees/plants/birds, bees, & butterflies.
Looking forward to a taste of the Perch's beer when it comes available.
Roll on James!

Just ate at the perch  for the first time .
My husband had a burger which was good I had the shrimp citrus salad and it was not very good.
The service was very slow I'll give this place one more chance maybe.

Good first visit.
We liked the outdoor seating on the bottom floor and thought the aviarys added a nice ambiance to the experience.
The place was already very busy at 5:30pm on Sat night, but we were greeted immediately and seated within 5 minutes.
Some people might be put off by the busyness and noise of the place.
But it was acceptable based on the number of folks being seated, eating and ordering from the extensive beer list.
We had the sausage plate for an appetizer - would do it again.
We split a mushroom and onion burger for dinner - would do it again  Our son had the pepperoni pizza and after we all "tested" it - it too was a tasty dinner.
Beers were nice-n-cold and came out quickly.
Food was hot and also arrived quickly.
About the only service issue was the fact that the server forgot twice to bring us water to drink.
Once he'd corrected that issue everything was good.
I will go back again.

4 stars for ambience and my delicious strawberry, basil cocktail.
3 stars for food.
I had the hummus and lebneh cheese sandwich with vegetables.
It ended up being a lot of bread, a smear of hummus, only peppers ("vegetables" to me implies different kinds-and I'm not a fan of peppers to begin with).
The "cheese" was a super thin smear that looked like cream cheese.
My friends cheese platter looked great, but the salads were almost all lettuce and not a lot of topping.
I've heard the pizzas were good.

Let me start by saying that this place COULD be amazing.
It has a lot of things going for it.
The location, atmosphere, and menu are definitely the reasons to check this place out.
That being said.... this place needs A LOT of help.
Upon arrival, we were told it would be about a 30 minute wait.
Not too bad for a Friday night.
We were seated in about 20 minutes.
Our seats were near the bird cages...so it was a bit loud, but bearable.
Our waitress didn't come to check on us until about 15 minutes later.
She appeared to be intoxicated.
After talking to us about the birds for 5 minutes and how crazy of a day it had been, we finally asked HER if she could take our drink order.
Big mistake.
We waited 20 minutes for ONE beer to come out.
The waitress said the keg had run out so she wasn't able to get my girlfriend's beer.
The problem was, my girlfriend didn't order a beer, she ordered a martini.
When her martini finally came out 20 minutes later, there was a bug in it.
We then placed our food order; an appetizer and two entrees.
Our waitress came back 2 minutes after the order was placed to ask what I had ordered because she couldn't remember (she didn't bother writing our order down).
Our meals came out fairly quickly....
But the appetizer was nowhere to be found.
The entrees were average.
Not great, but not horrible either.
All in all, was it an awful experience?
No.
Will we go back?
Probably not.

Finally stopped in and had a couple beers... Beer Selection is great and prices are reasonable !!
Staff / Bartenders were very tentative.
Nice atmosphere.
Food - Hot wings - Jalapeño Marmalade - Very tasty,  Will be back regularly.

I'm a fan.
Anytime i can sit outside, drink beer, people watch, and waste the day away I am fully onboard with that plan.
It's an interesting layout with a rooftop bar/lounge, indoor pub like bar, and outdoor dining.
The service and general operations have a way to go but i'll give it some time.
The issue with sitting upstairs is the food and most bar items are downstairs which can extend the time it takes to get your stuff.
Just more time to lounge around and watch Chandler's finest try to make themselves noticed.
The happy hour is pretty good with $5 pizzas (really, surprising good) and discounted drinks.
The beer selection is great and they have $5 Absolut and Pinnacle drinks all the time.
I'm interested to see how this place plays out in our brutal summers but I look forward to going back for various happy hours and casual lunches in the meantime.

The service here is so unbelievably bad it's insane.
No service for 15 minutes after being seated.
Salads brought with no forks.
Wings brought with no napkins.
The food is awful.
The service and wait staff are very incompetent.
I'd no way at all recommend this place to anyone!!
F--

When my friend suggested meeting at this hidden gem in Chandler I wasn't sure what to expect.
Fortunately I had gotten lost earlier in the week looking for Gangplank and found The Perch in my circling of the neighborhood, so that spared me the drama of finding it and knowing where to park when we went there.
My friend had managed to arrive early and secure a table, which probably helped with the experience of being able to walk in and be seated.
I loved the environment and the birds and the wine, and my food.
And it would have been an "awesome" experience had our service been up to par (and also, had the next party not felt that their night out should take over our space both physically and verbally, crowding in on my friend & I for most of the evening).
Our server started out with high expectations - he was attentive, took our drink and food orders, and the food came out in a timely manner.
Then, it just felt like he "disappeared", barely checking on us afterwards, etc.
Finally I was able to place an order for Coca Cola (my favorite beverage aside from wine) & this is where it all went awry.
When the Coke came, I tried drinking it, but alas, it was Diet Coke.
I am a straight up, regular Coke drinker who hates the aftertaste of diet soda.
I tried taking a few polite sips, but just couldn't do it.
I had to finally flag the server down to ask for a replacement, upon which he became very defensive, as if I was accusing him of messing up everything and wanted to blame someone else for my soda issues.
He did not return for a while, so I asked the busboy if he could bring me a regular Coke.
Finally, both of them returned to inform me that someone had switched the lines for the diet and regular Coca Cola and if I wanted to wait, they could try to get me a regular soda.
As I sat waiting and chatting with my friend, the server returned to ask if I really wanted to actually wait for the soda, which felt a bit rude, as if he didn't really want to help me.
Now I was stuck with bad soda aftertaste and nothing to wash it down with.
Finally, after waiting almost 10 minutes, both of them returned with a new "replacement Coke", which still tasted of diet in both glasses, so I asked to have all removed and not put on my bill.
From this point forward, the server (beyond asking if he could drop off the bill and split the check), no longer spoke to us.
He dropped off the bill, took our cards, returned the cards, and took the signed copies without a word.
Not a "thank you for coming", "sorry about the Coke", NOTHING.
As if he no longer wanted to have anything to do with us.
Even the busboy apologized to me on our way out for the mix-up.
He almost felt like a more attentive server than the one we had, although it made me sad because the original server had started out so well.
All of that aside, I'd like to have more time to explore this place and see if the service (& soda lines) improve upon repeat?

Highly recommend The Perch, it's a gorgeous atmosphere and you're surrounded by rescued birds & delicious food!
Love it here!

The atmosphere was great, this place use to be a bird sanctuary, the kept the birds when the turned it into a pub & bar.
I love all the trees and birds.
They have a roof top you can sit and drink, the food was really good and everything comes with tater tots.
Prices are good for the portions.
I'm going back and I recommend it.

2nd Trip here to catch the Bruins Game vs Detroit 4/26/2014   Brought the Wife and some other friends, and everyone had a GREAT time.
One my friends brought their Kids and even the kids, loved checking out all the birds...
Even the crazy one that BITES...
Beers - Awesome Food - The Smoked , Mushroom and Onion cheeseburger      Not sure if the Wife or her friend ordered, but it was well done.
I would have chosen medium, but it was still delicious :-o  Pooch's Perch Pepperoni      Bread, Beer Bread dough,, OH MY,,, Awesome, The Sauce,, Awesome, and a Ton of cheese, and like gourmet pepperonis, or something,, This pizza was off the hook Delish.
Food Price is a little High, but you ARE getting some great FOOD... Beer prices are average.
Will be back most definitely

Great ambiance and beer selection!
The Tuesday pizza special is also a bonus.
We got to try every pizza on the menu and loved every one of them.
Their cheese board was very lack luster.
Seemed like someone went to the wal-mart down the road and chopped up cheap cheese like we wouldnt notice.
Overall, I would come here again.

This place is ok but nothing spectacular.
The concept is interesting but the server was rude and the service in general was underwhelming.
Having new places to try out is always cool but after being here twice I'm not going to spend any money there any time soon.

Love the ambiance.
Very open with awesome patios.
Could be a problem in summer?
Good beer selection, but waiting for their own brews.
Our food was excellent, we had the green chili pork sandwich with an egg on ciabatta bun, and the sweet potato tots were awesome.
Place a bit off the beaten path, but well worth it.

Ok.
I really want to like this place.
The atmosphere is gorgeous.
And I keep going back because hubby digs the happy hour - a great deal with $5 pizza and discounted beer.
I've been here I think 5 times already at least.
But the slow service and poor management/operations keep me from being a fan.
With the exception of the green chili pork pizza, the food isn't that great either.
Actually, I've had the strawberry salad which was good, but overpriced for the portion size.
The margarita pizza was terrible.
They use pesto sauce and not fresh basil and it was soggy.
Not a fan of the bruschetta (weird combo of flavors that don't work).
And my last visit, I ordered a burger wrapped in lettuce.
They don't have lettuce, just salad greens.
So my burger comes out totally cold, on top of a bed of wilted spring mix.
Not appetizing at all!
So I sent it back and told the server it was cold.
He brings it back, and it's burned to a crisp!
I was like seriously?
Why would you even serve that to me?
I sent it back again and just requested they take it off the bill.
Which they did without any hassle.
The pizza takes for.ev.er.
I've been meaning to ask the owner if they only have one small pizza oven back there because the wait time is unreasonable.
Like 40 mins for a small pizza has been the consistent wait time.
It's frustrating.
I really hope they can turn things around.
I have a relative in the restaurant biz and understand it's exceedingly difficult, especially when you have owners new to the industry.
So I try to be patient with new places (hence me not writing this review until after I've been 5+ times).
But at this point, they should have things running a little more smoothly and they are not improving.
2 stars for atmosphere and for service and management always being gracious and willing to fix their screw ups (which happen a lot).

Loved The Perch.
I took my toddler that loved looking at the birds.
Getting him not to put his fingers in the cages was a challenge.
Lunch was inexpensive but surprisingly good.
We had a plate with three different types of hummus with veggies and pita for an app.
It was great.
I love that they put veggies with the hummus!
My husband had the pork belly pizza and I had the shrimp salad.
He said that his was ok.
I really liked mine.
The shrimp salad had citrus in it and the shrimp was grilled.
I love that.
I would say that the best part of the Perch was the beer selection.
I had a great fruity wheat beer.

The only reason this place is getting 2stars is for the beer SELECTION, not the prices.
And as all the other Yelpers, we so wanted to love this place, but just can't.
My husband doesn't like it when he knows I'm going to give a bad review because he feels bad for them, BUT the whole point is to help these people figure it out!
During our visit, we decided pretty quickly that we probably would not be coming back, so hopefully these reviews are taken seriously & with consideration.
I will give the atmosphere and decor a 4 star, it's cute and has a nice set up with a lot of potential.
And here comes the big but again, BUT you can't serve overpriced crappy food with great beer.
You can't have a team that doesn't know anything about your great beer selection & brings you the wrong samplers.
You can't have them correcting you multiple times on how to pronounce a beer if they get it wrong!!
You can't have them give you the wrong tables check at the end of service.
You can't have them wipe down a wet table while your seated with another wet, disgusting bar towel & then make you wait while they search for a dry one to finish the job.
You just can't do any of those things & expect repeat customers.
The food was bad, really bad!
And when you are talking about the great beer, why would we come here if we could go right down the street to a Brewery who also has great food & beer that isn't overpriced!
Let me say, we don't have a problem paying high prices for great beers or great food or great service, but when you miss on all counts, it felt like a waste of money.
Perch you need to sit down with the greeters, chefs and the servers and have a pow wow, ASAP!
Sorry for this BUT I just couldn't accept not writing this review.

5 stars for the beer and servers 3.75 stars for the ambiance 1 star for MOST of the food.
Food - I love the beer selection.
I had an amazing IPA and even more amazing oysters shooters (if you do 1 thing right here...do this).
The rest of the food is all throw away items.
Nothing is terribly flavorful or made very well, which is a real shame.
They should probably revamp themselves as a cocktail lounge/bar, limiting their food options, as they may do better.
I would also really recommend picking up a recipe book and making 5 to 10 items really well.
Take a page from Gordon Ramsay Kitchen Nightmares.
Ambiance - Beautiful AZ patio restaurant.
The greenery and birds are lovely touches.
However, limited seating downstairs with choices under dripping misters or a sand pit.
Hope they read the reviews, address the outdoor seating and tighten up their food game.

I dig this place!
The ambiance is the main factor for me....rescued exotic birds, lots of lush trees and flowers, and a pretty cool rooftop patio.
I would agree with a lot of reviewers here - they need to refine the menu.
I will say they did improve the menu in between our visits, but it still needs some tweaking.
We're excited for when they start brewing their own beer, which I've heard is in the very near future.
Overall, I really like this place & recommend to my friends and clients.
They're a new restaurant, so nothing's going to be perfect in the beginning, but they always look busy to me, so I'm glad they're getting lots of love & support so they can continue to grow and improve.

The Perch......... Love the restaurant outdoor patio and listening to the birds.I had a good bacon burger as well.
The service was quick and our waiter kept the tea coming.I would recommend for meeting a friend for lunch great place.

Once again I found this place entirely based on a Yelp search.
You will not see this place from the street, but it is worth searching out.
I've done happy hour with the family downstairs and I've done a Friday night happy hour upstairs with adults.
You just can't find this in AZ.
The upstairs patio is amazing.
What a great place to hang out.
I'm not quite sure what will happen in the dead of summer as this place is almost entirely outdoors, but we will figure that out when the time comes.
As of right now the upstairs and the restaurant are amazing around dusk.
The only thing holding it back from my 5th star is that the upstairs does not offer the same beer selection as downstairs.
Its entirely different.
So basically I found myself going downstairs to get a selection of their awesome local craft beer selection and then going back upstairs.
There is a nice bar upstairs, but perhaps in the future they need to find a way to offer the same drafts upstairs as downstairs.
FYI upstairs is 21 and over after 3pm.
I'm loving Chandler downtown!

I am writing only because I do like the atmposphere and any patio in AZ is beautiful.
The problem with the patio setting and being at a brewery, is the want to drink!
The beers are about $7.00 each so you can imagine the bill after a few drinks.
When drinking great beer, you naturally want great food.
The food was not worth the prices at all!
I got a chicken ceasar salad ($10) and the chicken was cubed and cold (yuk!
) and the dressing was not ceasar, it was cilantrol something, and there was no parmesan shavings as described, and no croutons!
How is that a ceasar?!
Also, the burger as described was cooked medium-well and was described as being 80% chuck, 20% pork shoulder.
It tasted frozen, looked frozen, and might as well had been frozen because it was cold when I got it!
My bill of 4 guests was over $100.00 I will not be going back!
It wasn't worth it after the overpriced atmosphere.

First, I don't understand the negative reviews.
It appears some people are too picky to eat out and maybe should stay home.
The prices of the food are reasonable considering they make everything from scratch, including the beer, pizza dough, etcetera.
Which makes the food delicious by the way.
I had the brussel sprout and pork belly pizza.
It was delicious.
The brussel sprouts weren't overcooked so were good.
The pork belly was crispy and the crust was crisp and not soggy.
The menu is not too big.
My advice is to choose items where you actually like the ingredients.
Then you may be happy.
The service was friendly and fast, Brandon the bartender took care of us well.
We went slightly past lunch time but they were decently busy.
They are still looking for more good servers, so if you are looking for a cool place to work check it out.
We met the owner who is pretty neat, she is a surgical nurse in addition to opening a new restaurant.
The owner Rebecca also rescues exotic birds, including abused and disabled birds which are housed at the restaurant.
The birds are not in the way of seating or food but by the entrance.
They are nice and funny, the parrots talk and dance.
The bar is open to the extensive patio seating area, which is lovely and well shaded.
All in all, a place I will be going to again.

If you want to try something different, come here.
The ambiance is the biggest selling point of the place, but the food doesn't fall too far behind.
I ordered the burger and it was really good.
The prices are a bit steep, but nothing too outrageous.
Service was a bit spotty, but the food came out quickly and there's plenty of shade to eat outside.
Can't speak on the brewery part, waiting one more year for that!

I was really looking forward to this place opening a couple of months ago.
Finally, a cool place to enjoy quality craft beers in Chandler.
But I'm sad to say that this place keeps disappointing over and over.
I keep telling myself that these poor customer service incidences were all circumstantial, and isolated occurrences, but they were not.
In fact it seems to be the trend.
This is the incident today that really pissed me off...
Arrived at the Perch around 5:30, the wait was about 45 mins.
I totally understand, so my friend and I go to the bar area.
We stand in front of 2-3 bartenders and no response for 5 mins...
So we said ok, maybe we'll have better luck upstairs.
We get upstairs, and it wasn't that busy at the bar, there were 6 bar stools open, we sit down hoping to get the attention of the bartender, there were 2 at the time.
We get no greeting, not even a look from these cool dudes... One of the bartenders even wiped the bar in front of my buddy with no look, or interaction of any sort.
Shame on the PERCH.
So after about 12 mins looking like thirsty idiots, we decide to go to Santan Brewery.
We had a much better experience... And finally a beer.
I'm a craft beer trader, and I am always at the local bars here in town sampling craft brews, but I will never mention or support this place.
I would recommend Hungry Monks- Watering hole- San Tan and Wilderness brewing before going to the perch.

First time here & I loved it.
We tried a few different beers & were offered samples.
Their selection is good.
We sat at the bar & both bartenders were super friendly.
I had the pork & green chili sammy with a fried egg & it was delicious!
I may never order anything else.
Ambience is nice, this place is good for day times, nights & all types of people.

This restaurant doesn't even deserve one star.
Bad service and mediocre food.
We waited two hours for a table.
It was Friday night and there were 13 of us so I can understand the a bit of a wait.
But two hrs and no one updates us.
We finally get a table.
The girl cleans it off and leaves.
Doesn't sit us.
The waiter comes to take our drink order.
We say bring us appetizers as we are starving.
The appetizers come pretty fast.
But dinner takes forever.
The food is cooked badly and not very good.
I ordered a strawberry salad with grilled chicken.
What I got was a limp warm salad with boiled shredded chicken.
The worst thing about this experienced is we hand in our debit cards to pay.
The waiter never comes back with them.
After 30 min if waiting we go investigate.
The cards are just sitting on the bar!!
What kind of restaurant does this!!
Never going back again!

We loved everything about the restaurant!
The atmosphere with the greenery and birds was so inviting.
The misters were so refreshing and kept the temperature comfortable.
The wait staff was very attentive, the food was delicious and served very quickly.
The prices seemed very fair for what we ordered.
I will definitely be back!

Just realized I hadn't written a review about this place yet.
This place is such a great concept- love the atmosphere with all the foliage and the bird rescue aspect is awesome.
Rooftop patio is super cool, although I'll be avoiding for the next few months it now that summer is here!
But when we get to fall- that's where I can be found :) I have enjoyed my meals there, particularly the last time.
The bartender was amazing, stopped in for lunch and he really made the experience great- whether it be samples of beer or recommednations off the menu or even offering to customize my burger so that's it's just perfect for me.
I'll be back again and soon!

Service was painfully slow.
One salad was so late,  we sent it back.
Shrimp is underwhelming as are their olives and hummus.
They only have one restroom for the whole restaurant so expect a wait.
Tots are excellent, however and the ambiance is great, although the birds can be obnoxious.

The only reason this place gets two stars is because our waitress last time was so nice.
We went on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't too busy.
We sat upstairs and ordered beer off the menu.
The waitress came back and told us they were out.
This happened 3 times!
I felt bad for her having to go up and down the stairs just to tell us everything we wanted was out.
We ordered food which was ok, but it did not make up for our experience with the beer.
This was my third time there and I wasn't impressed the first two times.
The furniture looks like cheap crap from Ikea and they can't seem to get their act together.
It is doubtful I will return.

This is a tough review for me.
On the one hand, the ambiance alone in this place is enough to warrant a return, especially in the good-weather months (I feel bad for this place in the summer, since it's basically all outdoors).
And to add to that, The Perch's other big draw is its craft beer selection, with something like 25 craft taps, wine taps, a full bar, and a great happy hour.
The food is handmade, fresh ingredients, and inventive, not just your typical bar food either.
So what could possibly go wrong?
Well...a lot, unfortunately.
I've been there about 5 or 6 times.
Every time, the servers seem disjointed, flustered, unsure of the accuracy of the menus, it's kind of a mess sometimes in that respect.
And they're never sure how accurate their beer menus are.
I get that with rotating taps, there's not a way for a paper menu to be 100% accurate, but it's annoying to order a beer and hear "Let me see if we still have it" every single time.
Get a chalkboard like Angel's Trumpet.
Get a digital screen program like House of Brews.
Get SOMETHING.
The food sounds so good.
I ordered a beer cheese and beer sausage pizza.
I've seen them making the sausage in house, so I know that's good.
And I've had the sausage plate, it's delicious.
But instead of having thick slices of the sausage, they give you some piddly crumbles of it.
And the beer cheese is watery and not at all conducive to something that should be on a pizza.
And the peppers are over-sauteed and slimy.
And the pizza was just...limp.
And the "Smoke" Mushroom and Onion burger?
Man...I wanted it to be spectacular.
It looked like it was going to be when they brought it out.
But whatever they do to smoke these things, the smoke is the only thing you taste, it tastes charbroiled past the point of being good.
I was so sad, because I'm not even particularly picky with burgers.
I enjoy and respect a beautifully well-made burger (like at Rehab Burger), but I can get down on a shitty ol' cheeseburger too.
Unfortunately, this was neither.
I'm dying...DYING to like this place because of the location, the setting, the beer menu and the food selections.
But you can tell that they're in need of more restauarant-savvy people and bar-savvy people, because they're just kind of squandering all their potential.
I'm still giving them 3 stars in the hopes that they turn it around, it's still a little bit new...but c'mon.
Get your shit straight, Perch.

Went to the Perch for the first time and loved it.
We came in on a Thursday night around 10pm so it wasn't very crowded at all.
Loved the entry way with off of the rescue birds and thought the garden courtyard was amazing.
I was looking at reviews on the way here and saw a lot if negative reviews mostly due to service so I was a little worried about this place.
I don't know how it gets if it's busy but we went to the bar on this night and had great service, but we just ordered beers.
They had a TV with the beer menu so it was easy to see what they had.
I love craft beer and that is all they serve.
Also they are in the process of brewing their own beer but none of it was ready at this time.
So our service at the bar was great.
I didn't try any of the food but one of my friends ordered a pizza and it came out quickly and he said it was real good  What I really liked about the Perch was the ambiance.
How cool of a place to showcase rescue exotic birds.
Yes they will bite and there are signs everywhere but Luna was so nice that she came up to the fence and allowed us to put her stomach.
Really cool, but we knew when she turned her beak to stand clear.
It's common sense with exotic birds.
Also two of the servers/bartenders came out and talked to us about the birds and even took Hercules, the giant one, out and talked about each bird and their stories.
I love animals and rescues so how can I not like this place!
After ordering a round of beers we went up to the roof too lounge and sat for a while.
There is a bar upstairs but limited taps so most of the beers are brought up from downstairs.
After reading reviews service might be slow or confusing so if possible order from the bar downstairs and come up.
On a side note, the garden area of the Perch is also shared with a salon and a breakfast/lunch business.
Super cool..a great way to support local business.
I will be back here, I just loved the location and patio.
Hope the misters work in the summer because it will be hot but we live in Az so who cares!

Love this place!!
Even in the middle of the hot Arizona summer I was able to enjoy a few cold ones on the rooftop deck.
Great variety of draft beers with delicious food and friendly service.
I believe that this place is still a hidden gem in the middle of downtown Chandler.
Ones it cools down a bit, suggest you check this place out.
You won't be disappointed!

Best atmosphere in Chandler since El Zocalo.
Have to wait for a table?
No problem, Bam!
$30,000 worth of exotic birds to look at.
Some of the Amazon Parrots even speak (just don't for the love of God stick your finger inside their cadges.
) Great service from bartender upstairs, as our friends slowly gathered, great service from the upstairs wait staff.
Oyster shooters were ice cold, fresh and trustworthy, and not to be missed!
Once downstairs for dinner, we had prompt and even enthusiastic service from wait staff.
They smoke all their meats, their kitchen is in full view from outside.
This is a destination restaurant that's surely the envy of many in old town Scottsdale.
Go!
Enjoy!

Fun spot!
The food was pretty decent and the beer selection was above average.
Way above average.
Service was great as well but we did go there at 4pm on a Thursday.
No complaints.

Awesome!
Super cool atmosphere with lots of beer on tap.
Food is pretty good, but leaves room for improvement.
Can't wait to go back once they have their own beer on tap.
Watch your fingers near the birds...
Especially the red macaw...
Seriously...

A perfect spot to enjoy food and beverage with family and friends.
Food is delicious, beer selection is good, and the open atmosphere is very inviting and fun.
I mostly enjoy the roof top but downstairs is also great with trees and birds.
It's a relaxing change from the diamond cut steel and glass architecture of down town Chandler.
Our server Amy was an absolute doll, on top of keeping glasses full, and smiles on our faces.
I will be back again soon and I highly recommend The Perch to everyone.

Great find!
Danielle did a great job.
Food is very good, great happy hour and fun atmosphere.
No more rude El Zacolo or mediocre Coach and Willies....Chef Off on Monday June 16!

Went there this evening with some clients/friends and wasn't sure what to expect when you drive up...you almost feel like you're going thru an alley on Wall Street in Chandler...the perch was everything you would not expect.
The greetings by the birds was followed with a very friendly hostess and sitting outside with the misters was actually pleasant and it was over 100 outside.
The food was great- different and the atmosphere was different, fun and exciting.
I will definitely be back and expect my next client appreciation to be at the Perch.
Fun place to go- if you bring your kids (of all ages) watch your fingers around the birds- they do bite!

Great beer on draft!
knowledgeable and friendly staff...Chandler needs more bars like this!

Great find in chandler unique setting great for kids the burger was very good service excellent a good selection of beers a fun place everyone in our party enjoyed it

A really nice concept for this area , I actually came upon it while I was walking thru the neighborhood , I herd parrots and got closer to see and was instantly amazed with the parrot display and the upstairs bar which feels like your on a larch perch .
I revisited the place with my wife and she liked it as we'll.
the burgers on the menu were extremely good and the oyster shots were great , also enjoyed the beer selection.
If it wasn't for the long lines to use the  very small outside bathrooms I would give this place 5 stars.

Good food, great beer, truly amazing atmosphere!
With three distinct looks and feel to the place, there is something here for everyone.
Start with the aviary/courtyard, then move indoors to the tavern or upstairs to the rooftop.
Either way, you're going to have a good time here.
As pub food goes, this is some of the best I've had.
The bruschetta is to die for.
Pick 3, any 3, you won't be disappointed.
Trust me.
I saw the burgers and thought, "someone's been to Slaters 50/50" but these were unique and delicious!
I liked the bacon poutine tots but I'd love to see them attempt a REAL poutine with dark brown gravy and curds.
Hell, they can pour that on the tots too because those were perfectly done.
Soft in the center but not mushy and crispy on the outside.
I saw the brussel sprouts and pork belly pizza and I'll have to get that on my next stop in.
Service was stellar, prices were beyond reasonable, and the place was CLEAN.
I can't say that about many pubs...anywhere.
But I came here for the beers and The Perch has some of the best choices in Arizona.
They've gone totally non-traditional with a rosemary IPA, Ginger Mofo, Cinnamon Honey Nut Porter, grilled lemon cream ale, and a calibration English mild.
All below 7.1% abv, these beers will keep you cool all summer long and keep you drinking all night but mostly because you just can't stop drinking them!
My mouth knows no friendship.
If this wasn't a great place to have a meal or beer, I would most likely be cordial and keep my mouth shut.
Yet, here I am and I can't keep my facehole quiet about The Perch.
If I lived here, it would be my regular hang out spot year round.

Excellent green chili pork!
I am a fan of all pork options and this one is cooked well..
The green chili pork sandwich with salsa verdes w fontina, cheddar and fried egg on ciabatta.
Nolan, our server, will take great care of you as well.
Lots of great beverage options as well if your into craft beer!
Check it out.

Great vibes, great crew.
If you're looking for a chill place to kick back and unwind, look no further.

So, my husband and I went back to The Perch.
Still somewhat comfortable when you're under the trees and misters in the middle of the day in July.
They're now brewing their own beer (which they weren't the last time we were there) My husband was really impressed with the beer, and I got a very refreshing drink with Pomegranite Vodka, fresh lemon juice, strawberries and basil.
Yum!
My husband got a cheeseburger and I got a pepperoni pizza and caesar salad.
Unfortunately, we're still not impressed with the food.
It was all kind of...blah.
Which sucks because other than that, we love the drinks and atmosphere!

Great ambience and great beer!
The birds are great.
The food unfortunately just doesn't measure up.
The descriptions on the menu get you really psyched up.
It comes to your table looking amazing.
But then you taste it and it has no flavor.
I want to love this place.
come on Perch get some flavor in the food.
you have so much potential!

I really like the atmosphere at this place but wish there was more seating.
The few times I have been it has been overly crowded with barely enough room to stand and it has been really difficult to get the attention of the bartenders.
When you are standing on a patio bar during the summer in AZ you don't want to have to wait 15 minutes just to be acknowledged by a server.
You're thirsty!

The food and atmosphere is fantastic.
Unfortunately we had crap service this first time(server ignored us and apps and food can at the same time).
The beer selection is wonderful.
We had the green chile pork pizza and oyster shooters.
Both were so good.
I think they may have been the best shooters I've had.
I definitely recommend checking this place out.
Make sure to check out the rooftop and birds.

Very unique place and has definitely carved out its own niche in the heart of downtown Chandler.
Huge outdoor area.
So far I really enjoyed everything about The Perch.
had the Ginger Style beer and it was shockingly refreshing.
I would classify this place in the GastroPub style- (creative menu an excellent beer choices).
There were out of a few styles when I went, but they also weren't your every day choices and could see limited quantities running out quickly.
I already loved going to downtown Chandler for San Tan Brewery and this is just another reason why it's a must go to area any day of the week.

I'm just not impressed with this place, overall.
If you're just looking for a different, interesting place to have beers, i guess this is an okay option... i've been here twice and both times the service has been spotty at best.
This last time I had to politely ask the hostess if we had a server after 15+ minutes of just sitting there.
As for the food...
I'll pass.
Bruschetta selections were just okay, and I thought were small-ish portions.
My girlfriend wasn't very into her Citrus Shrimp salad, and found it oddly salty for a salad.
I had the Southwest Margarita pizza, which I thought was fairly bland.
I didn't taste "hot chili infused olive oil" and it didn't have very many tomatoes on it.
Also, i know it's not in the description, but I think "margarita pizza" and I think basil, which this pizza has none of.
Basically, it's cheese pizza with a fancy name.
Boil it down, and the only reason to come here is the patio.
If you want a great outdoor place to have a beer when the weather is nice (and you're not hungry) - then go for it.
I don't think either of us feel the need to return, honestly.
(and ps - didn't like with their own brewed beers either.
Sorry.

Great food, great beer selection and great staff.
Seriously, check it out.

Music playing, twinkle lights, exotic birds chirping, and a great ambiance is what you will notice when you walk in the perch.
I absolutely love this cozy little restaurant that is a hidden gem in downtown chandler.
The staff is friendly and very helpful.
The food is fresh and unique, not your average greasy plate that other restaurants offer.
This is a great place for a romantic date or a great girls night out on "wine down Wednesdays".
If you are looking for a great patio with an amazing view of the Arizona sunset, this is the spot.
The rooftop patio isn't open Tuesdays and Wednesdays though so remember that for your next visits.
Great place and worth the time to check it out and enjoy a great craft beer or nice glass of wine.

