I bought a Living Social deal for this company for $500 worth of services.
The sales guy came out for an estimate, and after an hour and a half of my husband and I listening to how great the company is and  how great the windows are, we get a quote that was 1500 for one window on my balcony....the total was $2058 so that is 1500 for one window after the $500 discount, which is fine.
My husband and I were going to let him know after we talked about it and decided when we would be able to have it installed by the end of the month.
He calls his "boss" and his "boss" tells him to walk out of the deal.
Seriously, after and hour and a half, then he turns around and tells us he bid the job (FOR ONE WINDOW) too low and that he needs to "walk out on the deal" .
They are refunding our money for the Living Social deal but I am disappointed and also feel like our time was wasted.
The salesman did his job selling us the product, but then tells us he cannot deliver.
I would suggest if using this company to be very clear about what they are giving you and be careful on the quotes.

After 11 different window bids we chose to go with direct windows Cody the sales agent was very knowledgeable about his company and answered every question asked (pat on back).
Our windows came in a week earlier then planned another plus.
The only issues we had that we couldn't not give a five star is due to a miscommunication between installer and company.
I called and spoke to Tommy about trying to fix this issue as we were promised and he acted very unprofessional on the phone(we forgive you), luckily We received a call back from owner Teresa whom apologized humbly and promised to make the matter with the window right which was greatly appreciated.
Our new windows look beautiful and are good quality.
On 05/14/14 our issue was resolved thank you much Teresa for being a woman of your word and for showing us that people like you truly care about their business.
:)  Thank you Wilber as well.

This business came to my home and provided excellent service!
Needed my sliding glass sort replaced and it was done perfectly and by the date I was told it would be done.
When it comes to ever having anymore work done I will be using this company for any of my future window or door needs.

Staying with my parents from out of town for awhile, my mom needed her windows replaced.
So we found Universal Windows Direct and made an appointment after finding them on yelp.
Service was great from beginning to end.
The rep was running 15 minutes late but he gave us a courtesy call and told my mom he would be there shortly.
He was informative and professional and my mom said installation was quick.
She loves her new windows and all the cooling benefits they provide.

