Very disappointed with my experience yesterday!
Being a new restaurant I expected first week bugs.
Customer service is very important to me and today Haymaker missed the mark.
Upon arriving we were greeted and seated quickly.
We were hoping to order breakfast but was told it was no longer an option because they stopped taking orders for breakfast at 11:30 (though it was 11:25 at the time).
Not a problem, their lunch menu looked great.
We waited for 20 minutes for about first contact with one if the wait staff.
We asked for recommendations when we were greeted by the waitress and, with her recommendation, ordered our food and drinks at the same time.
We then proceeded to wait for over an hour food.
About 50 minutes in, we were told that they were sorry for the wait they were having difficulty in the kitchen transitioning from breakfast to lunch.
We politely thank her and recognized that we understood.
About 65 minutes into our wait, our food arrived.
We ordered a French Dip sandwich and their BLAT (bacon, lettuce, avocado & fried tomato).
The French Dip was great, a little soggy but had a great taste.
The BLAT was very dry and lacked taste.
It was not bad enough to not eat but was not very good.
At the end of the meal we asked if there was anything they could do for us for the wait.
The waitress stated that she had already asked the manager and she had said no.
We then asked to talk to the manager and she said that she was sorry and she recognized that we had waited a very long time for our meal.
She stated that they were new and it was the computer/transition to breakfast and there was nothing they could do.
After a few more minutes of conversation, she agreed to comp us one meal.
I first recommend the manager reading the book Fred 2.0.
The customer experience is so important and even having to ask for something to be done due to the long wait fails to meet "great customer service".
Being in the service industry myself, I would have comped the meal and given a free return meal so we could prove to the customer how great we normally are.
Unfortunately I will not be returning and will recommend to others to do the same....

Horrible service, but great food.
Who runs out of ketchup?

Our Second time in and it was even better than the first!
We started off with Happy hour beers,  just $4 for a 32oz-er and some hot wings.
The wings were meaty, crispy, and the sauce was excellent (A little spice and a hint of sweet)  The kids had free meals since it was Wednesday, and this time I had the French Dip and my wife had the Pulled Pork sandwich.
Both were amazing, the pulled pork was more of a fork and knife meal that a sandwich per say but the meat was smokey and delicious.
The French dip had onions and mushrooms with a great au jus.
I haven't been able to make it to dessert yet but I will be back many times so I'm sure I will get there.
The service was great and the kitchen was a little slow but it is a sit down restaurant and the atmosphere is so nice we didn't mind.
I'm so happy to have the haymaker so close to my home and I think this is going to be my regular place!

When thinking of my experience here and wishing I wrote it sooner since it's been a week since I've been here, I smile.
My hubby and I had a great time during happy hour here.
We sat in the bar area and watched Monday night football while our friendly bartender, Christian, always made sure our mason jars were full.
Yes, most drinks are served in mason jars, beers included.
However, even with the nice array of craft beers on tap, we couldn't help but notice their whiskey selections.
I ordered two whiskey cocktails, the South Paw and the Bird Dog peach Whiskey lemonade drinks, and they definitely packed a punch!
They even serve moonshine cocktails as well.
Joey, the owner, (at least I think that's what his name was - it's hard to remember after having so many good cocktails - in a good way), was very well knowledgable about his whiskeys and is pondering doing whiskey flights at some point.
He is very friendly and loves to hear what patrons of his restaurant have to say.
The bread pudding is out of this world good!!
It'll have you dreaming of more once you leave so make sure you order this if nothing else.
Wings were good.
I would order them spicy to get an extra kick because obviously mild just won't cut it.
I personally also enjoyed the full rack of ribs which were pretty tasty compared to the country fried chicken.
The country fried chicken was tender, juicy, and really good but I expected it to be more like the unhealthy but decadent thick breading type that you'd get at LoLo's or Cracker Barrel and not the light breading that you'd find on chicken that's.. Well healthier.
But it's covered in a queso sauce of some sort with diced peppers and other southwestern seasonings that made it enjoyable.
This restaurant is definitely going to be a permanent staple in our diets because we enjoyed the laid back atmosphere, friendly staff, good food, and whiskey.

I had the Texan burger and my wife had the French dip.
Both were absolutely delicious.
We each had a beer on happy hour, both were great and really cold.
Service was awesome and really polished.
I was really excited for this place to open and was not disappointed!
Great food in a great atmosphere.

The Haymaker is awesome!
Service was great, breakfast was delicious and the Bloody Marys hit the spot.
Add in great prices and portions and you have a must visit destination.

My husband tasted my French Dip and said I should eat his burger because the French Dip wasn't too good.
I tried a piece of beef and it was very chewy and reminded me of shoe leather.
Some of the beef wasn't edible because it was like rubber and cut the wrong way with the grain instead of against it but they did take the time to add onions and mushrooms to it.
The Bread was some kind of squishy bread that seemed like a relative of a hot dog roll and my sweet potato fries were very squishy and just warm.
Maybe it just wasn't the best day for a French Dip or sweet potato fries.
My husband's Burger was OK!
The burger was cooked medium the cheese was melted and the roll was fresh.
The fries on this plate were fresh and crisp.
The green chile on the burger was cold and would have been better if it was warm but still the burger was OK. No it wasn't the best burger but it was OK.
The menu is very basic or uninspired depending on your take of it.
This is a family friendly kind of place and is budget priced.
It's the kind of place I might take my nieces or nephews too instead of Burger King and also my older relatives that don't like anything ethnic because of the kind of food and prices but I wouldn't ever think of getting a French Dip again.
2.5 Stars Rounded UP to three stars because the burger was OK.

Although the outside looks like a warehouse store,the inside is very well designed.
The food is very tasty.
I had the 'Grown up grilled cheese' and their addition of brie to the traditional combo of cheddar and bacon makes it special.
I will definitely return to try the other items on the menu!

I really wanted this to be great but it was just ok.
The kids are all $5 and my daughter got one slice if French toast and a drink that is not much food for my money.
I got the BLAT, it was good but it says its on Texas toast but mine was on wheat toast.
My husband ordered a hot dog and it was ok but the bun was dried out and covered in a huge pile if grilled onions.
The service was slow, but she was nice and friendly.
I don't think we will be going back anytime soon.

Just got home from dinner.
Very good burgers and fries!
The burgers were cooked perfectly and neither the burgers or fries were over-salted.
Our server Courtney was very good too.
Definitely will give all the area restaurants a run for their money if tonight is the norm.
Way to go, Haymaker!

Good happy hour drink prices.
Limited appetizers on menu.
The beef sliders and sweet potato fries were very good.
Nice decor and bar area.
Great to have another non-chain bar/restaurant in area.
Thank you for great time and service Jen (bartender).

We had 8 people try the newly-opened Haymaker last night.
The staff was very accomodating by rearranging some tables so we could all sit together.
The menu has a lot of "comfort" food, which is perfect for me.
The food and service was very good.
They have happy hour until 7PM with $2 16-ounce draft beer.
Overall, a good experience and we will be coming back.

My family and I went here yesterday for a late lunch.
It was around 245pm and with hardly anyone inside we thought it would be an in-and-out kind of experience.
We asked our server what the place was known for, and she replied 'burgers.
' We ordered drinks and it took roughly 15 minutes to get.
The drinks came out wrong and with melted ice.
My father then asked the server what size were the burgers.
She said she didn't know and that they were about 'medium size.
'  What?!
She left to go ask the kitchen and returned 5 minutes later.
At this point, we are starving and thirsty for cold drinks.
We start to order, my father tries to place his order and our server tells him that she needs to go 'in order' and she'll get to him.
Clearly this woman has never waited tables before.
When the food finally came, it was 352pm and was not remotely worth the headache.
There is quite a bit more regarding delays, no refills, etc but I think you get the gist.
This establishment has the potential but clearly needs to focus on its staff and work on training a bit more.
I wouldn't visit this establishment again.

Just ate at the haymaker for the first time since they opened.
I had the half sandwich Ruben with side Caesar salad.
The sandwich was good and the salad dressing was very good.
Also had the bread pudding which was so good!
Would definitely have that again.
Got there just passed the cut off for breakfast, but the chef went ahead and made breakfast for my husband.
The prices are a little on the high-end and the drinks are too expensive.
Three dollars for a glass of iced tea is too much.
Next time we just won't order drinks.
The atmosphere was very nice inside the restaurant.

Had lunch at Haymaker Restaurant yesterday.
I had a cup of chicken noodle soup and half of a very-lean pastrami sandwich - both were very good.
I overheard a conversation with the owner/manager and the folks in the next booth and those guests were raving about the burger and french dip.
I think this place is a keeper.

I had the combo of ribs and chicken.
The ribs were great, juicy and falling off the bone.
Chicken was extremely dry, took it home to dogs.
Hubby had burger,  was not asked how he wanted it cooked, no ketchup nor mustard was brought nor even asked if wanted.
We were asked if we wanted soda refills,  we said yes, but never got them.
Service was terrible.
Had to ask "greeter" for soda and the rest of our meal that was never brought out.
On the way home, hubby and I were discussing the service, and I asked how big a tip he left.
He said none, because an 18 percent gratuity was added in!!!
I was shocked and asked why.
He said he noticed the number of guests in our party was 9, and tip was auto added.
The problem is there were only TWO of us!!!
Our server was Patricia.
... not only was the service bad, she let this happen.

Not so hot.
We waited an hour for our meal.
The waitress kept telling us that they were backed up in the kitchen.
She did apologize and comped us a dessert.
They haven't been open too long and they need to get the kinks out.
Hopefully they will.

Went there for breakfast and it was amazing.
My guest and I ordered the Arizona omelet.
The green Chili's and salsa were not too spicy, they were just right.
The eggs were so fluffy and light.
Service was great.
Mike took amazing care of us.
He was so friendly, i will go back and ask for him again next time.
My coffee was full through out the entire meal.
As far as the decor goes, it was all American country themed.
Very welcoming.
I would love to try the dinner there some time.
I also noticed they have some great dinner for 2 specials throughout the week.
Keep up the good work.

Good beer it comes in a jar cute little touch, food was average didn't care for the side of mixed veggies wish I could have an opt.
On sides

Third time to Haymaker.
We had 6 for dinner and again the staff was very accommodating.
I had the bacon burger and fresh cut french fries which was very good.
The other members of my party all had very good meals.
Looks I'll be back for a 4th visit soon.

We have been there several times by ourselves and with friends.
We all keep wanting to go back when we are wondering what to do.
The atmosphere is so welcoming!
Feels like you just walked into the series set "Cheers".
Everyone is so friendly and they are sure to recognize us and give us a friendly welcome.
The service is wonderful!
I know there are a few, four or lower star ratings, however, this place is just getting started and the owner, Joey, and his brother, have done amazing at trying to please everyone!
There are too many "jabs" and expectations on such a new place.
It has become the neighborhood hangout and Joey has great plans on trying to meet all the expectations!
He is planning an outdoor patio, and as someone wrote earlier, yes, Joey knows his whiskeys!
We love their happy hour!
Lots to choose from and great prices.
We always get the wings and ribs :)  I really hope you give it a try and hope that all those not so satisfied, try it again.
They are new.
Give them a chance.

We took the kids for dinner... My husband and I both had the ribs and the kids had chicken tenders and a hot dog.
Everything was delicious, the service was excellent and a family member of the owner came by to ask us how we were doing.
This place is a great find... local business with a warm, friendly atmosphere..
Highly recommend!!

Came here for a Friday lunch for a friends birthday.
The girl who served our table was very friendly!
I ordered the raspberry lemoneddie and couldn't get enough!
If it hadn't have been midday I could have enjoyed a few more.
Not the sweetest drink, which I typically try and stay away from.
It was fun to drink our beverages out of mason jars!
Didn't imagine the place to be so southern but it hit me pretty quickly as I walked in!!!
I ordered a BBQ chicken salad and was impressed!
Bbqed chicken, ranch, BBQ sauce, lettuce and fried onions mixed in!
Our server was so nice to take pictures for us and also brought out the cake we surprised our friend with.
She didn't once complain about having to bring extra plates or new forks to us.
I appreciated her positive attitude, also!!

A great family owned neighborhood restaurant.
Good atmosphere and good service.
We visited for breakfast and it was great.
The server paid great attention to detail.
Will be back for sure!

Man, I wanted to love this place.
We SOOOO need a great family restaurant out here.
I came close to a 4 star, but.....
The wife's fish and chips (no chips - remember the new diet) was absolutely great.
Wish i had ordered that instead of the French Dip.
After all the wonderful things said about the French Dip....sorrry, my beef was without flavor and the au jus didn't help a bit and I used lots of salt to try and pep it up.
Sorry, folks, tonight was not our night.
I'll try it again, but LW's Hideaway is better.....at least to my tastebuds.
And at least tonight.

After seeing mixed reviews it was time to try it out.
We were pleasantly surprised based on the following:  The decor was very nice and inviting.
We had the French Dip (very good) the roast beef was very tender.
The mild wings were cooked just the way we asked and flavored perfectly.
The beef barley soup and grilled cheese were awesome!
The sirloin steak was also very tender.
The prices seemed just right for the quality and quantity you received.
As for the desserts!
Bread pudding was to die for!
We will definitely go back and try other menu items.
So glad a good place,non-chain fast food restaurant has finally opened here on Lake Pleasant Rd and Happy Valley.

Loved this place.
Been twice now and my husband and I both enjoyed the atmosphere and food.

My family and I have eaten here several times and love it!
However, tonight we ate there and my kids ordered off of the kids menu.
It really should be called the toddler menu.
The portions were very tiny!
The kids hamburger is a slider and the fries...there were 6 French fries with each kids meal.
Next time I'll pay the extra $ and let them order off of the adult menu.
Overall we love the restaurant!
Just don't order off of the kids menu...your kids will leave hungry.

After writing the original review, the manager contacted me and we discussed some of the issues I encountered.
Since he took the time to do that, I decided it was only fair to give them another chance.
Second trip: Our second trip was nothing like the first.
We walked in the door and were promptly greeted by the hostess.
The server was prompt in taking our drink & food orders and the food was served quickly.
Everybody at the table was happy with the quality of the food and we decided it's worth coming back again.
Original review: Sadly our visit started with waiting a few minutes for the hostess to come up while the rest of the staff walked past us like we were invisible.
After being seated, the same pattern happened with the wait staff and no one came to take a drink order.
Had it been busy in there, I'd understand but there was only a hand full of tables and 4 or 5 servers.
After 10 minutes of waiting, we got up and left.

I didn't read any reviews prior to visiting, and I wish I would have.
The venue was clean and has a rustic Patriotic/Christian theme.
We were promptly seated, and the staff were all pleasant.
The food was, however, nothing to write home about.
I ordered the California Chicken Salad.
The dressing and walnuts were great, but the salad was mainly iceberg lettuce.
The chicken was rubbery and flavorless; I could not eat it.
My date got the Wrangler Burger which was just ok as well.
There are definitely better burgers in the valley.
As the menu is so limited, I do not believe we will be back.

Another Bar in the area!
We opted for a late lunch and love this place.
It's a great burger/sandwich joint on North Lake Pleasant pkwy and they have breakfast too.
The whiskey bacon cheese burger was great and so was the pulled pork sandwich.
The only disappointment was the "side" of mac-n-cheese came in a side dipping bowl - literally two tablespoons of mac-n-cheese.
We think they could have done better there, but otherwise a good, local place.
They have some cool "values" all over the walls.
It's nice to see this too.
Be ready - it's small, across the parking lot from a McDonalds and we hear and see it all fills up quickly.
Be patient.

My husband and I ate here last night for our "date night," and we have no regrets choosing The Haymaker!
I got the BLAT sandwich, (which was delicious, by the way) and he got the ribs/chicken plate (I can't remember the name on the menu, but it was also VERY good!
) His came with baked mac'n'cheese and mine with sweet potato fries.
We were 100% satisfied with our food, and after ordering the bread pudding for dessert we were stuffed to the brim.
It was great food for a great price, and we definitely plan on returning!

Second and most likely last visit.
Wife had ribs and they were sent back for they were cold.
I had fish and chips.
You could taste the oil.
I would of sent back if someone checked on us, but more about that later.
My son had Mac and cheese, which is Kraft.
I don't understand why restaurants serve Kraft-especially when they have mac and cheese on the adult menu.
My daughter had the wings appetizer they were ok.  We saw our waitress 3x.
The first for our drink order-which took an excessive time to get and deliver.
our food order was the second time.
And the third time was to deliver the check.
We had to track down a bus boy to get my wife's order fixed and ranch for my daughter's wings.
So mediocre food+poor service=not for me.
Nice atmosphere, close to home, and different but they got some work to do.
Would of been nice if the waitress or manager followed up on a sent back order-that is what most places do.

Went for breakfast and we were very impressed.
The food was all really good and fair prices.
Went for dinner later and the burger was nice.
We like the atmosphere and they have a good drink selection including a ton of whisky.

good breakfast place

Good food strong drinks

A great place for gluten free people.
They have gluten free buns and bread and the french fries are gluten free.
A welcome addition to places to eat.
Prices are a little on the high side.
They need more coupons and specials.
Very busy and noisy because there just aren't enough restaurants in area.
Only have been one time looking forward to going and checking out some more of the menu

We have eaten here 7 or 8 times for dinner.
We have tried many of the items.
I just tried the Joey's Primavera Pasta and loved it.
The Caesar Salad was very crisp and delicious, a bit heavy on the dressing, but my hubby likes it that way.
:-) My favorite dinner here is the Ribs!
so tender and the sauce is amazing!
Mac and cheese is pretty awesome too.
I like the coleslaw and steamed vegies.
Fish and chips are wonderfully crunchy and fresh.After  this many visits, we've only had one bad server.
Normally they are right on.
Also a good selection of BEER.
We need to try the breakfast and lunch menu now.
Try it you'll like it.
Good ol' Merican fare!

At the recommendation of a local we tried the Haymaker for dinner.
I had the French dip which was really good.
My husband had the pulled pork sandwich.
It was just ok.
It was a little on the dry side with not much sauce at all.
I had French fries and he ordered onion rings.
He got 3 small onion rings which tasted good but really?
Only 3?
The French fries arrived later than my sandwich and again were a scanty helping.
I would try this place again though.
It had nice wait staff and a fun atmosphere.

Update: I just had to give them 5 stars again!!!
I've been here a lot since my first great experience and it has not let me down.
The menu is not huge but they have the best bbq ribs and burgers around.
The bar and wait staff are awesome.
It's definitely my favorite place in town for family dining, happy hour AND date night.
I heard the breakfast is great too!
This is a must try.

Great place for breakfast!
Fresh good, great service.
The owner was very friendly, I will be back!

So last night started out with what appeared to be a huge wait...however for a party of 2 we were seated right away!
Yay!
Our waitress was friendly and attentive as always.
There were a couple hiccups with our orders but the end result was delicious as usual.
I've eaten there probably 30 times...hiccups happen.
But what the (I'm assuming) owner did to make it right was above and beyond customer service!
It showed us that they truly do care about the customer.
Needless to say, we will continue to be regulars!

We are cooks ourselves so we don't eat out often because you just can't find good food.
This restaurant is the exception to that rule.
Properly prepared food at the correct temperature.
The taste and texture of food like this is a pleasure to eat.
They didn't skimp on the portion size not too much not too little.
The wait staff did a great job of providing quick courteous service.
The kitchen also provided prompt service not making you wait for your meal.
Even though the store was very busy on a Friday evening the experience was great.
We noticed also that the menu choices were not too many enough choices but not so many that the kitchen is overloaded with prep times.
It is better to do a few things very well than to fail at many things.
If you like food that tastes and looks like it was cooked by professional chefs at a Price that is reasonable give this restaurant a try.

Found ourselves hungry on the opposite side of town.
Googled for a FAMILY OWNED restaurant.
Found it in a sea of corporate eateries in the Target parking lot!
Looking GOOD.
Nice WHISKEY menu.
They also carry some Arizona brewery beers so kudos to the owners for promoting Local beers.
Clean, simple set-up very patriotic without being corny.
I ordered the French Dip and Frings (1/2 and 1/2).
Very fresh.
Very tasty.
NOT oily.
Side order of fresh horseradish brought tears of joy to my eyes and cleared my sinuses for the weekend!
Pleasant service.
Good sized portions.
Very reasonably priced menu.
LOCALLY OWNED - think local, eat local, drink local.

Excellent service.
the BL AT was delicious.
Bacon was cooked well ,prices were good .country fried chicken need a little more seasoning but was still very tasty we will definitely be back here

Not a bad place for an average night out to eat or for lunch.
Had the Lariat burger, nothing too special but still a good burger.
By the taste I'm assuming their meat if naturally raised cows from Montana.
Good prices as well!

We have been to the Haymaker 5 times now and it never disappoints.
It is nice to have a non-chain restaurant in the area that has very good food & service.
The decor is great also.
I would highly recommend.

Awesome little spot.
Great alternative to Lake Side Bar and Grill.
Even when the wait seems long, they are efficient in their turn around.
Their bar tenders are always on point and make solid drinks.
Their menu is a bit on the short side hence 4 stars.
For what they do have, it's always good no matter your choice.
Try the salmon for dinner.. My favorite.

Was very pleased.
First time here but the service was good and fast and food was excellent.
The "burger of the month" had bacon and egg on it and was awesome.
Very large whiskey selection.
My brother accidentally spilled his drink but it was cleaned up very fast.
Overall good place and I'll be going back!

Extremely impressed with Haymaker restaurant!
My son got the steak it was cooked to perfection!
I got the ribs and chicken, both full of flavor perfectly cooked.
I will go back for those ribs again and again.
There was not one thing wrong with our entire meal.
Great atmosphere friendly and knowledgeable staff.
Looking forward to going back again!

Fantastic burgers, pretty good not overly salty BBQ pulled pork sandwiches, and delicious regular and sweet potato fries are just a few of the reasons this place has joined my regular visit list.
Some other reasons I enjoy this place so much is a great happy hour, a whiskey as far as the eye can see, and an outgoing staff that shows pride in their establishment.
I did seem to notice the food on my last few visits to be a bit on the greasy side.
That is is the some reason I am giving The Haymaker 4 our of 5 stars.
Overall this is a place you go to if a good meal, at a reasonable cost in a comfortable relaxed atmosphere is what you desire.

Came back and had the Fish and Chips.
They were awesome and good portions!
We also came in for breakfast another day and was pleasantly surprised.
Had the Country fried steak with eggs and enjoyed it.
Love having a place like this right down the road

Had the best breakfast this morning!
Try the California Omelet.
Cooked to perfection along with the hash browns.

Searching for a pre-theatre place, my wife found this on Yelp!, and the ratings and menu looked good.
A very casual, laid-back place, and when we entered we wondered if it was senior citizen's day!
( we qualified!
)  We were seated at a booth in the bar, and the bartender came around and took our order.
Very attentive despite her busy bar duties.
We tried the local 4 Peaks pineapple brew, and while tasty once, probably won't order it again.
Then we chose the mini-ribbies for a starter, four pork ribs slathered in a delicious sauce and fall off the bone, served on a tasty bed of cole slaw.
My wife then sensibly ordered the buffalo chicken salad for her entree, while I went for the ranch hand sirloin, ordering it my usual way, Pittsburgh.
The bartender told me to hope for the best.
I also got smashed potatoes with my meal and substituted the cole slaw for the seasonal vegetables.
A different server brought my plate, and I sent it back because the seasonal vegetables were on it.
The slaw was not as good without the barbeque sauce dribbling on it ( take note, kitchen!
)  Potatoes were tasty.
The steak was cooked properly (!
) but was a little dry.
Guess I should have accepted the offer from the bartender for A-1 sauce!
Not a bad meal, and I would probably go again and try something different.
Reasonable prices.

Nice staff but completely unwhelmed by the food.
For the prices, the food was very "eh".
This was a first & last visit for us.

Uhhhh, yum!!
I had roast beef au-jus.
It was enough to take half home for my fiancé.
The atmosphere was casual.
The prices were cheap.
It felt very homey; the feeling was similar to Cracker Barrel.
The waitress was great.
Not too much to say, except that it was a great casual lunch place.
I went with my Pop for Father's Day, at his request.
I would definitely go there with the old folks again.
Not really a date place, IMO, FYI.

I stumbled upon this place since I had an appointment outside of my normal part of town - so glad I did!
Wonderful food, courteous staff and can't wait to visit again when I am on this side of town.
I had ribs Sunday night and am in love.
The manager came to the table, was so friendly and seemed to be working the crowd and making sure all was running smoothly.
He told me some history of the restaurant and recommended the brunch menu to me.
I think his name was Dave or Dan?
Great job!

Date of restaurant visit: 03/22/2014  I was in Arizona for baseball spring training in March.
I was watching the Phoenix Fox 10 morning show and one of the hosts, Andrea Robinson, did a segment on the Haymaker Restaurant.
So, I went there for dinner and arrived in time for Happy Hour.
I sat in the bar and was promptly attended to by the bartender.
She took my drink order while I looked over the menu.
I ordered the Texan with grilled chicken.
The chicken sandwich was topped with bacon, haystack onions, cheddar cheese and BBQ sauce.
The sandwich was very good.
I ordered a side of sweet potato fries.
They were crispy on the outside and also very good.
I was very pleased with the food and great service and will return the next time I'm in Phoenix.
Fox 10 segment on The Haymaker Restaurant: http://www.myfoxphoenix.com/Clip/9970928/taste-of-the-town-haymaker-restaurant-co

Brought the family to AZ for vacation.
Saw this place when we were driving by.
The Bloody Mary was one of the best I've ever had.
I had the bandit, which I would highly recommend.
Service was great, it was reasonably priced, and the atmosphere was very patriotic (big plus).
I will come back next time we are in town.

Been here a number of times and enjoy coming back each time.
For a weekend lunch, my favorite is a Texan burger with a Templeton's rye and a Firestone IPA (followed by a nap).
I also enjoy sitting at the bar here.
Sitting at the bar, there is a feeling of community and the bartenders and managers will talk whiskeys and are pleasant all around.
They keep a good balance of community bar on one side of the place and family-frendly restaurant on the other side.
The serving staff each seem to know the menu and make good recommendations when we bring company here.

Great food for the NW Valley and awesome happy hour deals!
Plus good service and friendly staff.

OK, back for Sunday breakfast.
As always, fine service and we do enjoy the floor manager - he keeps this place moving.
And he checks  on things!
Very good bloody mary.
Good Prosecco.
Chicken fried steak - good, could have used a bit more pepper for me.
But the biscuits (?
) were gooey and horrible.
And the home fries were fresh from the freezer - just shaped balls thrown in the fryer (think they're called tater tots)..no onion, no peppers, no taste.
Eggs done just right.
Eggs Benedict.
Repeat on the potatoes - those are not home fries by any stretch of the imagination.
Just horrible.
The Hollandaise sauce was so-so.
Good crowd.
Wish we had gone to Hideaway and let someone else have our table.

I was hoping for a less pricey Arrowhead Grill (minus the steak focus).
What I got was dressed up Ground Round.
Maybe my expectations were set too high, but this place didn't feel or taste as upscale as I had hoped.
Our food was eh, service nothing to write home about & for some reason I was expecting a great drink experience (whiskey bar?
), but this just didn't deliver.
Felt like one rung over a chain place.
I'd skip this place, then again we ran into acquaintances who said they were regulars..  go figure.

THEY HAVE THE.
BEST.
PATTY.
MELT!
We came here during happy hour today, and had a great time!
We ordered the fried zucchini, the Texan burger with regular fries, and the Patty Melt with sweet potato fries.
I LOVED the sweet potato fries, and that patty melt was astounding.
My fiancé loved the Texan.The service was great, too!
Next time, I will be splurging for a craft beer pint.

My girlfriend and I live nearby and after giving Lakeside a few tries, we are glad to see a privately owned restaurant with a different concept.
We checked it out initially with a Groupon deal of some kind, but return here regularly.
There was one time we had poor service from some waitress, and although I see her there , we were only served by her one time.
Otherwise, service is good, food is good (breakfast and dinner), and they have good beer taps.
Although this is more of a restaurant than a bar (doesn't stay open too late), the Happy Hour specials are really really good, and the beer selection is great (Firestone IPA on draft?!!
YES PLEASE).
Especially since Squid doesn't have good drink specials anymore.
For anyone who has lived in this part of the neighborhood for a while and haven't checked out the Haymaker, you owe it to yourself to give it a try.

Good local bar.
Cold domestic and craft brew on tap served in a mason jar.
The Bleu Burger and wings were tasty.
Next time I swing by it will be for breakfast.

