I am so thrilled to find out that KJ opened a store in North Scottsdale.
I try to juice once a week (twice this one since I am going to CA).
I don't have to pack my cooler anymore, they are just about 15 minutes away from my house.
I love doing the one day detox, but I have to make sure my hubby doesn't drink my juice.
He loves the Green Dragon, the jalapeño gives it a nice spicy kick.
I also love the Hot Yogi and the Keri.
I love that the juices are fresh and nothing is added to preserve them, so you have to consume it within 3 days.
Make sure Alexandra puts the numbers in the bottles so you know in what order to take them, although I sometimes have just drunk them in whichever order, they are all so yummy.
I have had other juices before, and these for my taste are the best.

Loved the 3 day juice cleanse.
Their salads and bowls are SOOOO good.
They are 8-10 dollars for a pretty big portion of the freshest healthiest food out there.
Make sure to try the strawberry warrior milk and teriyaki bowl.

I am so truly fortunate to live within walking distance of this hidden gem!
Delicious, organic juices, healthy salads and gluten free baked goods that are so fantastic.
Green Dragon is my ultimate fav juice- spicy!
!, Keri Green when I want a little bit on the sweeter side and the Flu Shot is a staple every time I feel a little something coming on.
Warning: Garlic and oregano will ensure NO VAMPIRES, nor sickness (or anyone else for that matter )coming close anytime soon:)!
Seriously stops the funk dead in its tracks before becoming a full fledged cold!
Miraculous!
The kale and quinoa salad is nothing short of fantastic.
Protein cinnamon raisin cookies and morning Glory Muffins will knock your socks off!
Great energy here- you are always greeted personally with a smile from lovely Jodi and the nice gal on Mondays who's name is eluding me.
Simply awesome!!
Can I double my stars???
10++++

Delicious products and high end ingredients.
Jody is wonderful and totally took care of us whenever we arrived.
All kaleidoscope establishments are very much appreciated with their high vibe, nutritional food and great information.

Delicious and very fresh.
The staff was very friendly and accommodating.
She let me sample different flavors before buying and took the time to explain the ingredients and benefits of each one.
The juices are expensive but seem to be worth it.
All of the juices are pre made and stored in a big refrigerator.
I will definitely be a repeat customer.

