Dr. Docasar is an excellent doctor.
I've been seeing her for a few years now.
She is never in a rush or ever makes me feel like my questions are annoying.
I like that she embraces natural remedies as often as possible.
She's not just trying to fill me with unnecessary prescriptions or make me take frivolous tests.
You can also get a ton of other female related procedures such as waxing.
I've never tried it here though.
I love that they have a little half dressing room set up in each room.
With a little curtain to change behind and hooks/hangers to hang your clothes.
The provide an actual cloth gown rather than the terrible paper ones at most gynecologist's office.
The cloth is much preferred.
Doesn't make me feel like such a lab rat as they poke and prod me.
Staff is friendly and this is one of the only doctors offices that I rarely wait more than 15-20 minutes.
This tells me that they obviously value my time and appreciate my business.
A good doctor is hard to find, and I really value Dr. Docasar.
Also, my last two women's well (annual pap smear) visits have been no charge.
I'm not sure if that is due to ACA, or my insurance, but it's awesome.
My only negative is the small waiting room, but I rarely spend much time in it that it's a non starter.

Wow...
I can't I have to write this review about a place I used to love.
I just checked and in October 2014 I wrote a 5 star review... little did I know that a few weeks later I would be treated so poorly.
Towards the end of November I received a call from someone in the office.
(Unfortunately, I don't remember her name) She explained that my Pap Smear had come back abnormal and that I needed to come in for another procedure (Colposcopy).
When I asked how much the procedure was for she told me that with my not having met my insurance deductible for 2013 year it would be around $200.
I explained that I did not have $200 at the current time and that I would like to wait until January to have this procedure if possible, so that I could save up the money and also so that it would go towards my deductible for the whole year (2014).
She seemed aggravated by my reply and hastily informed me that I needed this procedure as I probably have cancer.
And this is not something I should be putting off.
I told her that I didn't have a choice and this is what I had to do at the moment.
I informed her I would call back in January.
Fortunately, for me I've had a very similar situation happen to me when I was 20 years old, so I am aware that often doctor staff is not well versed in explaining procedures to patients.
I was a little shocked that she would basically threaten me with cancer, but also tried to understand that she was hopefully just looking out for me.
I'll be honest I found her to be incredibly rude and had considered writing this review at that point.
The holidays got in the way I let it go.
On Jan 15 when I called to discuss scheduling my appointment, I was pretty shocked to learn that the doctor had dropped me as a patient and that I would have to see if she would consider taking me back on.
The girl was a lot nicer this phone call, but I was furious.
I have been a patient for a few years and I was very upset to have to go through the horrible process of trying to find a new lady doctor.
This is outrageous to me and honestly if this is how they run their business I don't want to be a patient.
I feel like the doctor/staff only care about my getting cancer if I am able to schedule my appointments at their convenience.
If this was such an important procedure for me to have, you would think the doctor herself would have contacted me.
Personally, I think it is inappropriate for anyone other than the doctor to be discussing whether or not I may have cancer with me over the phone.
That is a very scary thing to tell someone and I don't think it should be thrown around so lightly.
Clearly the patients are not that important.
It's a shame because I really liked Dr. Haydee Docasar and thought that I had found a permanent OBGYN.
I'm really disappointed that I have to find a new one.

This is easily the worst gyno I've been to.
I have unfortunately been here twice and the second time only out of pure desperation because I needed a new script for the pill.
Both times they messed up on my insurance information and i had to deal with my insurance, their office, and the lab that processed my Pap smear.
No lie, that process took at least 4 months for everyone to get their act together.
It was such a huge inconvenience that I was going to find another gyno for my second check up but I was running out of the pill and needed them to write me an emergency one month script till I could get an appointment.
They forgot to call the prescription in.
They forgot, after I called them twice to remind them what pharmacy and even their number!!!
Like an idiot I didn't call target to check before hand and drove all the way there to find out that they FORGOT!!!!!
I cannot stress enough how awful this place is and please for your own sanity do not go to this place.
I will never be returning.

Dr. Burns was so friendly and she made me feel comfortable.
I really like her and will continue to schedule appointments with her.
The nurses here were sweet also.
My only complaint is that the front desk receptionist was not very nice.
She didnt smile or greet me when I came in.
As first point of contact, I feel that there should be a more personable person at the front desk to greet patients.
But because I love Dr. Burns, I will be coming back :)

Wow.
Completely unprofessional and rude!
I scheduled an appointment on ZocDoc.com for 11 o'clock for a place all the way across town.
After driving for 30 minutes to get there, I was told I didn't have an appointment.
They said they had called but I had never called back to confirm.
I wouldn't have minded waiting for an appointment, but the way the woman at the front desk treated me was so SHITTY that I became furious.
She said that they would try and "fit me in" even though there was no one else in the waiting room and that they wouldn't be able to do this in the future.
She said that ZocDoc.com is simply to check to see if they have availability and that it doesn't actually schedule appointments (even though I've used this website for 4 other doctors in the past just fine).
I sat down and explained to my boyfriend what the situation was and he had asked for explanation.
She told him the same thing she told me.
I was talking to my boyfriend about how frustrating the whole thing was and she stood up and looked over at us and said "I'm just trying to get your information in the system.
Is there a problem?
" I was flabbergasted.
Really.
I've had some bad experiences before with doctors but this takes the cake as far as being treated poorly by staff.
I got so angry by what she had said and the way that she had treated us that I walked out and asked my boyfriend to grab my insurance card for me, as they still had it and were checking on my eligibility.
I would NEVER go back again and wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.
Now, because I left and didn't wait for an appointment to open up, they reported to ZocDoc that I missed my appointment THAT THEY SAID I DIDNT HAVE IN THE FIRST PLACE.
On ZocDoc.com, you can only miss 2 appointments before you're unable to use the website anymore.
I have to contact ZocDoc to clarify that I drove over an hour to not even get an appointment and be treated like garbage and be told that I didn't even schedule an appointment in the first place.
They told ZocDoc that I skipped an appointment when they told me I didn't have one, and not in nice terms.
This place is RUDE UNPROFESSIONAL FULL OF CRAP They need to pull their heads out of their butts and learn how to treat not just customers, but PEOPLE.. Don't go here.

I saw Haydee Docasar on 8/20/09, for a routine, yearly pap smear.
I did not want any other tests, because I knew my insurance at the time would not pay for them.
After my appointment,  I receive a bill from Quest diagnostics, for my pap smear, which was.....about $6.
I paid it.
After that, I receive another bill from Quest, only this time, for $160;  for tests CPT CODES 87591- Gonorrhoeae and Trahomatis.
UNKNOWN TO ME, something from MY BODY, was sent out for testing.
I tried calling AWP, and had several missed attempts.
An employee named "Jimmy" and I were playing phone tag.
After several calls, with no response, I figured that the issue was fixed.
Seeing as how I did not ask for any tests.
1/30/10, I get a collections notice, for the $160.
On 2/12 I sent a letter to AWP contesting these charges.
During my visit, I was NEVER asked, nor where the tests addressed.
I was not told by Docasar or the staff that samples would be sent to Quest for testing.
I was there for a pap smear ONLY, and nothing else.
I asked Docasar to pay the bill.
I DO, along with any other patient, HAVE THE RIGHT OF REFUSAL.
*****On 2/18 I receive an answer from AWP.
Dr. Docasar follows the recommendations of the "American College of Obstertrics and Gynecology" for sexually active patients ages 19 to 35 is a yearly PAP that includes a screening for Gonorrhea and Chlamydia.
This is their standards, which I did not see marked on their paperwork.
Dr. Docasar agreed to pay the charges, and I was "dismissed" from Docasar's care and AWP.
FINE WITH ME.
The only reason why I'm giving her two stars is because she paid the charges.
This place has NO right to do tests without patient's permission.
Haydee Docasar took it upon herself to conduct these tests without discussing them with me, and if she would have let me know that they were "mandatory" with a pap smear, I would have put my pants on and walked right out.

I just recently started going to see Dr. Burns.
I think she is a fabulous doctor and takes the time to make a connection with her patients.
On the other hand, I don't think her staff is the best.
I feel like they are half ass and don't know what they are doing.
The front desk people aren't the friendliest and are usually busy gossiping about stuff that isn't related to the job.
The wait to see the doctor will be anywhere from 45 minutes to 90 minutes, so if you do go make sure you realize you will have to wait for quite sometime.
They just redecorated the office and it looks very nice.
But the bottom line is the staff is so rude, that I'm not sure if I should continue to see Dr.Burns or not.
It's a shame because Dr.Burns is an amazing doctor.

