Well well well look who came to town!
We have been waiting for you, ya little vixen!
Steak N Shake is famous for Steakburgers!
In sight it must be right!
Just a minute SNS fans this is not your typical SNS this is the adult version.
You are not being waited on by a server at this location.
This is the new Steak N Shake Signature!
Some of you will be sad to learn that you cannot get Chili Mac or Chili 5 ways boo hiss!
However with this limited menu you still get what SNS is famous for Steakburgers and the revved up gourmet versions as well.
The Shakes and chili are also on this menu.
So if you a craving a steakburger and fries and a shake come here and eat them!

Ahhhhhh!
It's finally here in Arizona!
They added one in Vegas before I moved here a few years back, it was the first one on the west coast, and now we have our own too!
Most of you are familiar with SNS from the midwest, and while this is essentially the same, it's a different format.
This is called Steak n Shake Signature, basically meaning it's a limited menu in a fast food style format for urban areas.
Don't worry, this one still has all the staples: steakburgers, fries, shakes.
It's just a little faster and more self serve, still that great Steak n Shake flavor you've come to love!
This is only the fourth location in the U.S. in the Signature format, hopefully full size 24 hour locations will follow!

I woke up yesterday morning with three words on my mind: "STEAK AND SHAKE.
"  Working across the street from this location, I was getting a little worried (okay, a lot worried) as the morning dragged on and my inbox became flooded with the e-mails of equally concerned co-workers panicking about the long line that was building up ahead of the grand opening.
I work with quite a few people from the east coast, who had been telling me nothing but good things about the Steak 'n Shake chain ever since we found out one was opening on Mill.
Luckily, once doors opened at 11 the line moved through quite quickly and me and my equally hungry coworkers had a window to grab our long-awaited fast food before the next wave started around noon.
I ordered the Original (it being opening day and my first time at a Steak 'n Shake, I had to go with the signature) with fries and a Cookies and Cream milkshake (trust me, you'll want to order the milkshake).
Within ten minutes, my burgers and fries were gone and I was onto the milkshake.
Hey, I'd pretty much been hungry all morning and the panic about the line didn't hurt.
I'd say this is comparable to an In 'N Out, but with a slightly pricier menu and more selection.
I'm sure opening day won't be anywhere close to the last time I order from here.

The food is FIVE STAR, but hey, they gypped us by giving us the little brother, the "Signature" Steak N Shake.
This is like Steak N Shake meets In 'N Out...seriously.
Pull yourselves together Steak N Shake and give us the REAL thing.
Hey,  if Portillo's can give us TWO full service restaurants, I think you can too.

Fake and shake!!
Not like the original at all!
Where's breakfast and coffee?
Where's the 5 way chili Mac?
Where's the best shoe string fries ever made?
I'm highly disappointed.
Why bring SNS to Arizona if you aren't going to do it right?
I already have plenty of burger places to choose from, I wanted the variety that came with steak and shake and I got burgers, fries and shakes to choose from?
Thanks a lot.

First of all, I'm from the Midwest.
I've been to Steak n' Shake hundreds of times, and I know what to expect from my Steak n' Shake food....I don't know if it's fair that I give this location a rating quite yet, but here is my story...I showed up at 11:59pm, expecting the joint to be open 24/7 like every other one that I had been to in my life....WRONG!....The door was still open, there were still fries in the baskets, and there were still people getting their meals from the counter, but I was told that the restaurant was closed and that I couldn't order anything off the menu.
The last person to get their meal from the counter in front of me ordered what I was expecting to order, a Frisco melt and fries, my favorite meal.
He was clearly upset about his meal as he told me not to worry about missing out, because this wasn't a real Steak n' Shake anyway....There were no black and white checkered patterns on the burger wrappers or on the floor, no waiters or waitresses to be spoken of, as this must be the only quick service location ever, and nobody had a goofy paper hat on their head.
The guy with the Frisco melt and fries went on to tell me that the fries are nothing like the real fries, and that his melt wasn't even familiarly cut in half.....Some of his favorite fare, the turkey club and the chili 5-way, are 2 things that are not even offered on the Arizona location's extremely limited menu....DO NOT BE FOOLED!!!!
This is not a real Steak n' Shake restaurant!!!!
It is something completely different entirely....Veteran customers who have loved this place for decades will be sorely disappointed with this offensive spin on what should be unmistakeably addictive cuisine.
Unless they manage to get their poop together really friggin' soon, this lame excuse for a Steak n' Shake will quickly become known as the Arizona FAKE N' SHAKE.....keep your Signatures, we want the Original!

I too am a native Midwesterner.
I too am highly disappointed by this "signature" steak and shake.
I agree with everyone complaining about the fries.
Mine were old and way too salty.
I like to tear up my fries and put them in my chili and it sort of ruined the chili.
The service was very fast and I'm sure I will return at some point but I feel like a kid who just found out Santa isn't real.
You still enjoy Christmas but its' just not the same anymore.

The burgers are pretty good compared to In N Out burgers.
They are soft and juicy.
I recommend coming to try eating them at least once.
Although their burgers are pretty good, I probably won't be coming here too often by myself.
My friends love this place already and have eaten here several times this week.
However, it is a little pricey for my taste.
I do have to say the burgers tasted fresh.
If I rank In N Out first place on taste, I probably give SNS second place.
haha.
Also... you can't buy the burger by itself.
You get fries with it and that ups the cost.
What if I don't want fries?
And the burgers are fatty and greasy.
I'm sticking with the protein style at In N Out.
Less fat, less money.
Equally tasty!

The burgers are tasty, with fresh ingredients.
The shakes here are decent, and a good deal for the price.
The atmosphere though... well... that's another story.
I've been to several Steak 'n Shakes in the Midwest, and this one is more like a "Steak 'n Shake Express.
" I guess that's what makes this "Steak 'n Shake Signature" restaurant different, but in ways that make me miss the original versions of the chain.
This isn't a diner- it's more like eating at an In N Out or a Fatburger.
There's just a small seating area, you order and pick up at the counter, and it is not open 24/7.
The menu is very limited as well, with less to offer than the diner versions.
The general feel of the place is more modern, and more hip.
Top 40 music plays on the speakers, the interior and even the font signage out front has a contemporary feel.
They even have one of the new Coke soda fountains that allow you to pick various flavor combinations.
Back when I used to live in the Midwest, I had many memories of having late night eats at various Steak 'n Shakes with friends, indulging in greasy burgers and fries on white plates, and lusciously thick shakes in glass milkshake cups.
Eating at this Steak 'n Shake makes me long for the actual diner, although the food itself still tastes the same.
For me, some of that magic is lost for this particular restaurant when I am eating in a small area with a large crowd of people, getting my order at the counter, and eating my burger, fries, and shake in a fast-food type manner.
We went here on a Sunday around noon.
We got in before the big rush, since a few minutes after we ordered, there was a line out the door, winding around the block!
Our order took maybe 10-15 minutes to be made, and seating was limited.
I ordered the Royale, partially because it conjured images of Samuel L. Jackson talking about a Royale with Cheese in Pulp Fiction, and partially because the addition of bacon and egg to a burger sounded delicious.
The order came with fries, and I also had some of a banana milkshake.
The Royale was indeed delicious, with juicy, flavorful ground beef, fresh tomato, crisp lettuce (Green leaf, not the cheapo iceberg lettuce!
), melted cheese, a smoky salty flavor from the bacon, and a nice rich, creamy texture and taste from the fried egg.
The bun was soft and held up well with the other ingredients.
The shake was OK.
It tasted more like imitation banana flavored syrup rather than fresh banana mixed in with ice cream, but at $3, hey what do I expect?
The fries were thin, and slightly crispy.
They were decent, but the real star of the meal was the burger.
I will be waiting the day that perhaps a full service Steak 'n Shake can open in the Phoenix area.
Until then, this express version will have to do!

Ordered the organic burger.
It was good,  but not 7 dollars good.
I also hate the fact that you HAVE to get fries.
The service was quite curt, and we got our food in 15-20.
All in all, a decent alternative to In N Out.

As a native St. Louisan, I was very excited about SnS opening up in Tempe.
But I have to say I was so very disappointed.
The burger was mediocre at best, the bottom bun was soggy, the fries were different that I remember and also cold, but I was majorly bummed that I couldn't get the pickle relish, the mgr said they did away with that years ago.
Huh?
The relish is one thing that makes SnS unique!
And no chili-mac?!
Sad.
The ambiance was not typical, it was more hip and trendy, trying to cater to the ASU crowd I'm sure.
Overall, I have to say it was not the visit I hoped for or expected.
Just a thought: if you're going to bring SnS to the Valley, bring the WHOLE experience as is, don't try to tweak it to be something we already have enough of.

Yikes!
Illinois native tries SnS in Tempe and is totally disgusted.
If you grew up eating with your family at Steak N Shake restaurants across the mid west you are going to be terribly disappointed.
No Chili Mac?!
and the Fries are now fresh cut with the skin left on (what, what... are they trying to copy another chain?).
The hamburger has zero flavor...where is the mid west corn fed beef.
Oh and you forgot to smash the burger down and cook it period... nevermind you forgot the little crispy ends???
Is this really a Steak N Shake.
Even my chocolate shake was sub par and icy.
The one thing that stayed true to the taste was the Chili but, ya know all those kids had to do was open a can.
TWO THUMBS DOWN.
If you can't stay classic to your origins don't do it at all.
I think Mr Belt is rolling over in his grave as I type this.

Ignore those negative reviews, get the original organic, and enjoy it.
It's crazy good

This place is GREAT!
My boss took us here for lunch the second day they were open because it is his fave burger joint and since he moved from the Midwest, he hasn't been able to find one down here.
I moved from MI so I can relate.
Even though we went on the second day they were open and the place was a little packed, the service was fast AND friendly.
I got the regular cheese burger and fries meal for $3.99 with a Mint Choco Chip shake that was to DIE for.
There is nothing to say about the food other than you can't beat it.
Burger Who?
and forget McDonald's--I'll never ever eat there again!
I have to be honest, I can't wait to go back.
We ordered four meals and two shakes all for under $30!
You CAN'T BEAT THAT!
Great experience, great environment, great location (although parking leaves a little to be desired), and AMAZING FOOD!
Go here.
Order anything.
You'll be happy!

Unless you're a poor college student I recommend staying away from here (in fact, just stay away from Tempe in general).
The place is fairly clean, kind of small, and the tables are slightly too large for the space.
I ordered and the cashier acted like it was my fault she had to work there, totally rude.
The buzzer system was really annoying.
It would ring when one thing was ready, then you had to wait again for next part, then again, again...  With all the people working there you think they would be able to get the whole order ready, and then bring it to you.
The food was average to below average.
I tried the original burger; it had a double patty, cheese and the usually toppings and came with fries.
The burger was under seasoned and had no flavor.
The fries tasted old, and I asked for plain fries but there were nasty vinegar and cheese ones mixed in.
Overall, I give this place a thumbs down.
If you want a good fast food burger I recommend Five Guys or Lenny's.

Have never been to a Steak 'n Shake before, but have heard things about it!
Went in 3 days after they opened and it was pretty busy but not to bad.
They had someone give us a menu as we entered and was very nice!
All the employees were very nice, so service gets 5 stars.
I ordered the Western Burger with fries and a Cookies and cream shake!
Thought i had to because it had shake in the title so I needed to try them out!
We waited about 20 min, not bad with how many people were there.
We took food home since there was no where to sit.
The burger was AWESOME!
Tasted fresh, bun was good and the toppings were great.
The shake wasn't very good.
It was icy and had really no taste.

So... finally I get to experience what the fiancé, Jon, has been talking about for years.
When he found out that Steak & Shake was opening he got so excited he wanted to just go stand outside and wait for it to open.
We had our date night on Mill this week and had dinner at the infamous S&S.
It was very good!
I got the burger with the guac on it, super yummy, just enough heat in the guac and the bun was perfectly toasted.
The French fries were my favorite part of the meal by far.
Super salty, crispy and tons of them.
Way better than anyone else's in my opinion!
I also had the fresh banana and chocolate shake, fresh banana is the way to go.
It was sooooo good and totally filling, I tried to finish it but almost burst.
Jon says it isn't like the one's back home, Michigan, but he was pleasantly surprised how close it was.
We will be back for sure!
Probably wont drive across town just for that again, but if we are in the area, we will make a slight detour.

My friend and I went to the new Steak 'n Shake tonight.
His friends raved about it so we decided to check it out.
We were pretty disappointed.
The burgers and fries taste like what you'd find at any other fast food restaurant but the other places are a lot cheaper.
The milkshakes left a lot to be desired.
So we came, we tried, and we won't be back again.

Steak N Shake in name only.
Disappointing if you've ever been to the real thing.
I'll stick with In N Out

I've heard grant things about Steak 'n Shake and I've attempted to go here multiple times but it's always too busy.
I got the Western BBQ burger and the seasoned fries.
Both were really good and reasonably priced.
If I remember correctly everything was priced between 5 to 7 dollars for the burgers.
Which included the fries.
Next time I visit I am going to try one of the shakes.
This place is definitely better than any fast food restaurant around town.
If you're in the area and you have some extra time I highly recommend you stop by.

Steak and Shake, the In & Out Burger of the Midwest.
Only Con about this S&S, its too new, its crazy how hi-tech this place is and its funny how everyone working looks like they should be in a Steak & Shake Barbie Commerical.
Selling Burgers not MAC products.
Other than that, you should see me here at least once a month.

Just to be clear, there is no steak.
It is a burger place.
Think "In and out" with way better french fries and great milkshakes.
Very clean and new.
The waitresses have to wear black mini skirts with black boots (feel sorry for them in the summer)  You order at the counter, they give you a light up pager to pick up your food.
The organization of the counter is a little screwy because to get to the drink machine you have to cut through the line of people waiting to order.
The birgers are good, again very similar to In and Out burgers.
No complaints.
Fries are very skinny and taste better than most.
Milkshake was good (hard to mess up a chocolate milkshake) and this location has a really nice outdoor patio on Mill Ave so people watching is cool.
It is a good burger joint but competing with Five Guys, In and Out.
I can imagine going back there again but it isn't a top spot in my book.

After months of hype around a location opening in Arizona, I couldn't help but feel let down.
For anyone who's expecting a normal hometown experience, this 'Signature' Steak 'n Shake is not going to cut it.
Imagine a Steak 'n Shake next to Terminal B36 at an Airport and this is what your walking into.
The menu - 1/3 the size at a normal Steak 'n Shake 2.
The Steakburger and Milkshake - exactly as expected  3.
The fries - come standard with this strange red spice (found out you can ask to have them plain)  I'm giving this 3 stars because of the emotional letdown.
The staff was friendly, I received my order quickly and the food tasted normal except for the fries.
My guess is Steak 'n Shake went with a 'Signature' option because the model generates more revenue than their traditional sit-down-and-be served locations.
Well Steak 'n Shake, this may be true, but you wont be capturing my dollars again anytime soon.

I felt like failing at life this fateful night by consuming 1000+ calories, and this establishment for sure helped me accomplished that goal.
I ordered the Frisco Melt, which pleasantly reminded me of Jack in the Box's Sourdough Jack.
The bf ordered the Royale Burger, which is basically a cheeseburger with bacon and a fried egg.
Their fries are shoestring style, thin and crispy but nothing to write grandma about.
The burgers we had... were just burgers.
I will say this though, if you ever hear someone say "You can't eff up a burger" - that person is wrong.
You CAN eff up a burger.
This place though, did not.
It just wasn't out of this world.
Oh, I'm also a fiend for anything banana flavored.
Espesh banana shakes.
I ordered one from here and was sort of disappointed.
As banana-ey and flavorful as it was, it tasted too artificially sweet, in which I'm pretty sure they use artificial flavoring...
I've had better ( Joe's Farm Grill's banana shake is out of this world).
I'm just saying, if one of your specialties are shakes, then you should make 'em so that you ARE known for them.
In general, the prices are right ( about 5 bucks for a meal) and the flavor's aren't bad.
I would return if I were hungry and in the area.
It's not something I would repeatedly crave though.

where to start.. good, bad, or ugly?
First off, i am from the midwest, but i have lived in Arizona most of my life, Steak 'n Shake is my FAVORITE place to eat back home, this location... i will NOT go again (maybe) It has none of the charms like the original, no host(ess), no bar to sit and watch them smash your burger and cook it, only about 50% of the menu, no server to take your order and refill your dr pepper, no sauces sitting out for your food drowning pleasure, and no physical menus you can hold while you decide which tasty burger or dessert you want.. what there is though, are giant tv screens, a touchscreen soda machine, annoying music, and an awkward patio.
where was i.. covered bad and ugly.. oh yeah, the royale was tasty because #iloveegg, and the frisco melt was great too.
But i can get that anywhere, the ambiance sucked.

How happy am I??!!
I have waited for this day to come for over 10 years (since I moved here from the 'burbs of Chi-Town.
It tasted just like heaven I had my usual- Frisco Melt, cheese fries and a cup of chili.
It was...... Heavenly.
I love you so much Steak N Shake, enough to marry you if I could.
I'll be back.
Sooner than later.

With all the hype, I truly thought this place would have better food.
The burgers were nothing special and quite thin.
The super thin fries were annoying and my  cookies n cream milkshake was a vanilla shake with some cookie crumbs on top.
This location might do ok only because its right in the middle of Mill Ave.

I ate here on last weekend and thought the burgers were really good.
Although... A friend and myself became deathly ill that night.
If you ever had food poisoning it is not fun.
I know for a fact it was from there.

I used to eat at Steak and Shake in St. Louis when I lived there so I was excited that they were in Tempe.
The burger was excellent but you have to order a signature burger with fries whether you want them or not.
Fries were greasy, burger was not over cooked and juicy.
This is not the Steak and Shake I remember, it was like stopping at a fast food place.
The shakes are still creamy and delicious.
I am a bit disappointed, did not have the full menu including the chili.
I will try it again.
Parking here is a challenge, limited seating.
I am surprised as this is a college town and the place was packed with lots of people waiting for seats.

Would've given TWO stars but the butter-toasted bun pushes it up a notch...
Very much like Freddy's Frozen Custard but without the Chocolate Ice Cream (custard).
Shoestring fries just aren't my thing.
And the Bacon Double Cheeseburger was just okay.
Couldn't taste the bacon like you do at five guys...and no fresh-grilled smokiness like FG either.
As far as ambiance, it's Fast Food Grade but even the patio tables were being wiped down diligently, which I appreciate.
Doubt we'd go back unless it was the only thing around.
Gently

OK folks I'm seriously getting irritated with the one and 2 stars because this location doesn't have the full menu.
All of the low reviews because of what they don't have is going to seriously detour an investor from putting up the 2 million plus that it takes to open a full service Steak and Shake in Arizona!
Yes SNS Fans it costs an investor a minimum of 2 million CASH to open a full menu SNS.
While it costs just over 250,000 to open the new "Signature" location option.
Biglari Holdings took over SNS in 2008 and in the last few years began offering the Signature option to attract franchisees.
If this location does well a full SNS will be in sight for the future.
They are getting their feet wet in the AZ market.
I'm from Illinois where Steak and Shake originated; and yes I am highly disappointed that I cannot get a Chili Mac or a Chili 5 way or my beloved Hot fudge milkshake here.
However I am delighted that I can at least still get a stellar Original Double Steakburger, Fries and a Chocolate shake.
THANK YOU TO THE OWNERS FOR BRINGING THOSE!
I APPRECIATE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!
For those of you who are saying the burger is not the same, you are wrong!
You have to order the ORIGINAL STEAKBURGER!
It is listed on the menu as the Original also.
Not the organic burger or the signature burger they are bigger burgers.
Order the ORIGINAL FRIES and you wont get black pepper or cheese or vinegar.
Also Steak and Shake isn't like Freddy's Frozen custard; Freddy's Frozen custard is a knock off of Steak and Shake!
Steak and Shake was founded in 1934, Freddy's 2002!
NUFF SAID!
I've taken 3 or 4 people here and they loved it!

Sorry but this place is bogus.
The only real similarity to the Midwest eateries is the name.
The burgers were average but the fries were too greasy.
Worst of all the place was dirty.
Although it wasn't busy, all the empty tables (8-10) needed to be wiped down.
It had been a long time since I Steak and Shaked, and unless I go on a road trip it will likely be a while until I do so again.
I ignored the subpar reviews because I had fond memories of S n S.  I learned that Yelp is your friend that you need to have more faith in...

So I had never heard of Steak 'n Shake but I guess it's something big in the Midwest.
Super friendly service here at the Mill Avenue location and dynamite burgers.
You've got your choice of all kinds of different styles and toppings which is nice.
The fries are super crispy (perfect) and nicely portioned.
Good music playing while we were there and the place is clean!
Oh, and by the way... the milkshakes are phenomenal.
Don't miss 'em.
Especially the salted caramel pretzel milkshake.
OMG.

For anyone that is actually from Illinois to defend this place is ridiculous.
The parking is horrendous, beer and wine?
Organic burgers?
HOT DOGS?
Really?
When I saw S & S I wanted a S & S and oh what''s up with the menu being overhead?
Got a headache just from looking up to read it.
Walked out without ordering a thing.
No thanks.
I will just depend on Walmart for the cans of REAL chili and make my own chili mac.
I grew up with three of these places in my hometown and even worked at one when I was a teen.
This is a total disappointment.
I'll wait til the new and real franchises come to town.
I don't care how much the investor put into this place either.
If he wanted to do a half as*ed job then that's exactly what he did too.
The location of this place makes it very clear that all they wanted to cater to is the college kids.
And for this old lady (55 years old) the college kids can have it.

Well I was excited to come here and even stopped in on a night I could have gone to another burger joint.
When I left I wish I had just got to Fatburger on Mill, last weekend I went to Chuckbox and was glad I did.
Even Five Guys which I am not a fan is 10x times better than the Signature Burger from Steak N Steak.
First start with the positive,  the place was clean and well lit.
Next the ordering went smooth but the staff didn't seem to know much about the burgers.
First they give you everything in a bag making it hard to eat for someone eating in the place,  second my burger was drowning in ketchup.
The fries were cold,  I had to ask for new fries.
The shake was okay, I tried a different flavor but it was not thick enough maybe even watery at times.
The restaurant was not that busy,  but enough people were there around 10:30pm on a Saturday night.
This Kerstin chick must work for the restaurant,   if they can't afford to open Steak N Steak's the right way shouldn't give us a half-attempted location.
I probably will never eat there again, if ever in the Midwest  I will look for a Culver's or Freddy's Steakburger.
This half attempt has lost me as a customer for a lifetime.
I wish all businesses good luck but I wish an In-N-Out burger would open instead.
Save your money and go to a real burger joint.

Nothing for the non farm eater.
The veggie sandwich they do serve is too salty to taste anything else.
Service was friendly and quick though.

The interior is very modern and clean The menu is a bit small but it seems to have all the basic necessities I am not familiar with the steak N shake business so I can't go into much detail on the menu haha The owner/manager of the place is extremely nice and helpful I chose the original double cheeseburger with fries, it was only $3.99 Also they have those cool Freestyle Coca Cola machines Cherry coke for days  The burger was made fresh and so were the fries There was great flavor and I really enjoyed it The burger had a unique flavor and I liked it I shall return to the steak N shake Next time I'll try the hot dogs as well as the chili fries

Tried to eat here.
Finally ordered after 10 min in a line that barely moved and waited for about 35 min before we asked where our order was.
They couldn't even find it anywhere.
It wasn't on the screen or being made..nothing.
Well, considering I had other things to do I had to leave.
Won't be back.

The staff doesn't listen.
I have been to this location twice and my order was messed up both times.
I don't know what it is but they don't listen.
They are always very disorganized.
Quick serve usually means you should get your food within a 3-8 minutes.
In my most recent trip I waited 25 minutes for my food and it wasn't even busy!
They need a better staff.
Their staff shows no care for the customer.
There's a 5 guys across the street and an In-N-Out 1 miles away.
Your service would be better AND FASTER at one of those burger joints.

....
Tried this place for the 2nd time.
They were out of soda.
Only had water.
They messed up everyone's order.
Terrible.
I'd give 0 stars if possible.

i've seen a lot of reviews posted so far that knock the fact you can't get the full menu.
fair enough, its a busy location and they want to keep things moving quickly.
i can dig it.
but here's the real problem with this steak & shake - well, its just kinda sucky.
First off, the "experience" is nothing like what you get at a normal steak & shake.
this steak & shake makes me think more of what it would be like if you traveled through time to 2064 and visited a "retro" Steak & Shake, where everything is high-gloss plastic and frosted glass.
the benches are plain white fiberglass plastic stuff with no cushion, fairly uncomfortable to sit in for more than 15 minutes.
the ordering system is that type where you walk in, some creepy grinning schuckster is there to take your order and repeatedly tell you "its just like a regular steak & shake, but not"... there's no friendly wait staff, there's no grill men you can watch from your seat making  your meal.
I ordered a chocolate milkshake - YUCK.
one of the things that you come to expect from a place called Steak and SHAKE is a real milkshake.
you know, made from milk and ice cream.
this was clearly some kind of bag formula that had ice added since there were nice big chunks of it in the milkshake.
at least it had real whip cream on top.
the girlfriend ordered a frisco patty melt thing... which was pretty weak too.
two pieces of sourdough, frisco sauce and two patties.
wow.
i told her after leaving, "you can tell your friends you still havent had steak & shake cuz this doesnt count"  Really, this feels more to me like a cash grab trying to play off midwest nostalgia since most of illinois is relocating to arizona.
think of this steak & shake as like when you go to guatemala and visit mcDonalds.
its kinda the same, but not really.
while we were eating, a family visting from the midwest sat down next to us.
"well, what do you think, son?
" (clearly asking what he thought of the ASU campus area)  "well, steak & shake is nice, but there's a lot of weirdos around"... so yeah, think of it as a kinda-sorta-not-quite taste of home when the mean streets of tempe arizona get you down.

Average burger, old fries, and a sad excuse of a milkshake.
Although the restaurant was super slow, the store was very dirty and the employees didn't even bother with it as they preferred to help themselves to free drinks as they conversed amongst themselves.

It's about time that Steak N Shake came to the valley.
I LOVE the frisco melt, it's crazy greasy deliciousness.
The place is clean and the service is friendly, which to be honest, feels weird when I'm used to a surly waitress giving me the stink eye when I order my food at this chain.
I wish they'd stay open 24 hours like standard Steak N Shakes, but ah well.
I don't mind the smaller menu, but I do mind that they do not have the peppers.
They are missing some key elements that dispite the smaller menu they could do better.
I agree with a fellow reviewer that the milkshakes are not Steak N Shake quality.
However, I'm willing to overlook all of that for my Frisco melt with fries and a side of cheese sauce.

For a fast food restaurant,  this place is one of the best.
The prices are very reasonable, and the quality of the burger is on par with Culver's.
The staff are very energetic and friendly.
If you drink soda, they have a vast selection, and I do enjoy their shoestring fries.
I'm very pleased to see this place here in Arizona.
Edit: The staff USED to be friendly.
I see they've downsized quite a bit since my last visit.
This time, I asked for a larger water cup because I can't drink soda anymore, to which the manager on duty told me "no", because those cups cost a little more.
This was right after I'd just paid for my food.
And so, my 5 star review is now a 3 star.
Ah well.
Will I be returning?
That remains to be seen.
Edit 2 (last visit): So I returned, unfortunately.
Smaller portions on the fries, and I waited over 30 minutes and there were maybe two other customers in the place.
I'm done with this Steak N Shake.
Makes me sad, but I have to let you go.

This review is based on the franchise concept of Steak 'n Shake.
The negative reviews comparing it to a full version of Steak 'n Shake do not do it justice because it can not compare, different concept, limited menu, different service.
At first, I was a little disappointed but when I asked the employee she explained the differences between the Signature and full version.
The burger was tasty, which is a lot coming from me because I am not a big burger person.
I was slightly disappointed because the burger I ordered was supposed to come with crispy onion strings and I didn't realize they were missing until I was reheating my leftovers.
The fries are delicious.
Perfect amount of salt and crispiness.
The shake was ok. Can't go wrong with a ice cream shake.
But just average...probably not worth the price.
The food is very affordable but the shakes are a bit spendy, in my opinion.
I will definitely be back.

Since I haven't been to the midwest full menu places I can't compare but base this review solely on my visit.
It was dead in the place being ASU was on break.
Food menu is pretty limited but the prices were fair.
Was disappointed in the milk shake as it was rather plain.
Had the guacomole burger and it was ok also.
I'm knocking it down from 4 stars to 3 because the place was dirty.
All the tables looked like they hadn't been wiped down all day, and like I said the place was empty so no excuse for having a dirty restaurant.

Good food  Nice staff  The decoration is modern  Just the place needs clean all the times

So for all the years I had to hear how great this place is from family and business friends I finally went down to check it out.
Go for the shakes, don't go for anything else.
I know this is nothing like the ones east of Arizona but they really need to tell people that the amazing menu online is nothing like what you see when you come to this Mill Ave location.
This limited menu is a dissappointment compared to the real Steal N Shakes.
As for the service ALOT of bad things going on down there as other reviews have stated.
The trash cans are just plain stupid.
The fact that the employees don't care about their jobs show and the amazingly stupid 2 buzzer system means this place will close in time.
I watched everyone get their drinks in 5-10 minutes then wait 10-20 minutes to get their food.
The shakes are great.
The one thing they got right.
The burgers and fries ?
Um why ?
The fries are greasy the burgers are tasteless.
Overall  would only go back for the shakes and then would walk down to Jack in the Box for burgers that are better.
They need to re-think this location and would be better off opening a full steak n shake with a driv-thru and full menu plus get a staff that cares about their jobs.

After letting the hype settle down, I decided to pay a visit to Steak 'n Shake today and was sadly disappointed.
While the building and decor is somewhat nice, everything else left a lot to be desired.
The bullet points: -Steak burger was good if unremarkable.
-Shake was good, though again unremarkable.
-Ordered my food for dine-in, still came out in a paper bag as if I had asked for it to go.
But what is really troubling is how unclean the place feels.
At ~3pm, the area between the soda machines was stained and dirty, and I don't recall seeing a single table wiped down in the half hour or so I was there.
Mine certainly wasn't when I sat down, and none really seemed cleaner than another.
As has been touched on earlier, the employees seem to be the issue here, as they simply don't seem to get it.
Yes, one greeted me when I walked in, but as far as keeping this relatively new place presentable, they didn't seem to get it.
Also, the dual buzzer system is confusing and somewhat annoying, though a relatively minor inconvenience.
Why it's that way is beyond me; hopefully it is something gets addressed.
For my first and likely only visit to this Steak 'n Shake, I left less than impressed by this place that came with high expectations.
Better to go around the corner to a locally owned institution and get a burger there.

Finally...a Steak 'n Shake in AZ.
Having grown up in the Midwest I've definitely missed them.
Unfortunately I'm still waiting for one.
Before coming here I did my research and know the difference between full and signature versions.
Yet I'm still giving it a poor review, after 3 trips here now.
Trip 1 - Monday lunch.
Waited in line for 15 mins.
Waited for food for 10 mins, which was good because it took 5 mins of waiting for a table to sit at.
BBQ burger was ok.  Trip 2 - Thursday lunch.
Waited in line for 15 mins again.
Waited another 25 mins for food!
Took 10 mins this time to get a table.
They forgot to put the lettuce on the burger.
Was good tasting but not great.
Got to sit and listen to guy arguing with manager.
He said the cheese in his burger was still frozen.
She said they don't heat it up and he said he understood that but this was actually frozen, not cold.
She offered to make him another one but he didn't hVe time since the wait had used up his lunch break.
She didn't offer him a refund but instead took his name so next time he comes in they can give him something.
Not good customer service.
Trip 3 - Sunday lunch.
Line wait was 5 mins.
Pretty quick.
Choice of tables since restaurant was less than half full.
Shake wait was 2 mins, and food wait was another 5 mins.
Definitely faster.
Food was a little worse than previous trips.
BBQ burger was smothered in sauce with very little onion strings so it was hard to eat.
Overall Not pleasant experiences.
Music is constantly too loud.
People next to us were complaining as well since you have to practically yell to talk to each other.
Wait times during normal lunch times is way too long.
I've never waited that long at a full steak and shake and it should be much faster here.
Single size drink sucks.
Give us multiple sizes to choose from.
Garbage can opening are barely large enough for the tray to fit in to let alone flip them to empty the garbage.
Seating area wayyyyyy to small.
Food is definitely not the quality of a true steak and shake.
If your not going to be one, don't use the name.
Hope this review helps  - still waiting for a steak and shake in AZ

Having grown up in the midwest, I'd played up Steak 'n Shake to AZ friends for years...  Well, I had to eat some crow after my burger, LOL.
If you're expecting the Steak 'n Shake of old  (both food and experience-wise), you're going to be disappointed.
Great location.
Great people watching from the patio (which was dirty).
This location is a stripped down menu version.
Burgers, shakes, fries, hot dogs... No Chili-Mac, etc, etc...
The well toasted buns and thin edge burgers have turned into a bit of an average, slightly mushy, OK tasting burger.
The fries are still great.
Had this been a blind taste test, I'd have never guess Steak 'n Shake (and I spent 20 years of my life eating there).
In short, decent food for a decent price on Mill...
If you want food that tastes like Steak 'n Shake used to, go eat at a "Freddy's".

I've gotten the strawberry and chocolates shakes, and tried some of a friends burger, and tried some fries.
In-n-Out's shakes are much better, they're much milkier.
The shakes here were kind of icy and I really could have done without them.
But I thought since the name contained the word "shake" it would be something worth remembering.
The burger was wimpy and the fries were too.
Wouldn't come back.

I enjoyed my first time ever at a Steak'n Shake, at this location in Tempe, but my boyfriend is from Ohio and said this is very different than Midwestern locations of the franchise, so I am writing on his behalf to warn any Midwestern transplants in Phoenix about this location: you order at the counter (it is not sit-down) and you wait or they bring it to you- much like Panera.
Service was slow and they did mess up my boyfriend's order (forgot some sauce or other) but were quick to remedy that.
They had not refilled the ketchup and overall it was an okay dining experience, but not like the Steak'n Shakes you may be used to.
Either way, this location will probably be a cash cow for its proximity to the university.

These guys were so nice to put up with me, I had no idea what I wanted to order, and different toppings from different burgers sounded really good, so I asked the cashier what she recommended and she said I could just order the cheaper burger and add the toppings I wanted from the more expensive burger and it would be cheaper!!
So of course I did this!
And it was absolutely flipping delicious.
Usually substitutions and additions will cost you more, but they were willing to give me some wiggle room on the price and give me the best of both worlds- in reference to the sandwich, if i remember correctly It was a burger on toast with bacon and an egg and some different cheeses and it was biblical.
I would pray to that burger.
What really impressed me was how patient and helpful the staff was to someone who needed some extra attention to have a good experience.
I know I'm not the easiest customer to deal with all the time, so when I'm taken care of, I take note and appreciate it.
Many business lack this kind of professionalism, but not this place!
And it's on Mill Ave!
I couldn't work on mill ave and maintain composure like these guys, I have a low tolerance for college crowds and  public inebriation.
Just enough tolerance to go to steak n shake, eat a delicious meal, and go back home.
Stay strong, steak n shake workers, stay strong.
I love you.

After growing up in the midwest and frequenting Steak 'N Shake, we were excited that it finally came to Tempe.
While it is not the full service restaurant that we are used to, the burgers are still flavorful, and the fries are great.
Happy that they finally have one here - will go back for sure.

Decent food at best but fair on price.
The server we had who took our order was absolutely awful.
Didn't get his name but he was a grown African American adult who was acting like a child when I was trying to place my order.
Also left his command station to hit on a girl and try to get her number as he watched the line pile up.
Won't be back anytime soon that's for sure.

I really liked this place.
I went there after a night of drinking on Mill and you could tell the workers were down for about anything (especially after I asked the *male* cashier to flash me some titty for beads).
Even after that exciting introduction he was super pleasant and accommodating of my paleo sensibilities (no bread, cheese, anything processed or fried).
And the food was good!
Nothing beats good food and good service.
I will definitely be back.

Not bad, not great.
With the word shake in your name, i'd expect the shakes to be delicious.
I had a mint, cookie shake, I give it 2 stars.
tasted like a McDonalds shake w/ cookie chunks in it.
The burger was decent (Western BBQ N'Bacon) but small.
Fries were of the thin variety.
Service was good and food was up quickly.

Meh I've been here a couple of times and it was just ok. A few of my friends had hyped this place up so I expected it to be amazing.
The menu seemed a lot smaller then what was online.
The shakes were also just ok. For the price I also expected better.
It's not horrible, but it is definitely not the first place I'd go for a burger.
Also the service isn't excellent.
I think it's kind of weird how all the girls have red lipstick, and nails.
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.
I'd much rather go to the In-N-Out down the road.

Food was definitely better the second time around.
Fries tasted just fine.
I realized that a double steak burger meal with fries was less than $5!!!
My only complaint this time is that the restaurant really needed to have the condiment bar cleaned up.
Ketchup, ice and trash everywhere.
There was an employee cleaning everything but the most dirty part of the restaurant.

Holy God this took forever!
I get pissed and stand up to realize my food just chilling behind the counter.
Fries, cold as fuck, that's OK, they're nasty as ass anyway.
The best part is there's a little ticket that shows what time the order was done..5 mins it sat there.
Chuckbox.
Always.
Never forget.

Not sure why there are so many rough reviews on here...
I waited in line, but it went quickly.
I waited for my food, but it was less than 10 minutes.
Everything came out exactly as I ordered it.
The burgers were GREAT....The price was a little high, but it was a big step up from any of the fast food burgers too.
We had a pretty big order with no mistakes, so I'm wondering if they are improving since the dates of the prior reviews.
I've even gone back a couple of time with other family members who came to town and it's been the same.
Hopefully I don't ever have the experiences the other folks who downrated the place have had....

After so much hype from my east coast friends, I was very excited to come here.
I had downloaded their app on my phone and couldn't wait to see all the great things they had to offer.
Once we got there, I realized that it was a stripped down version of what other "Steak 'n Shake" places have.
I was completely fine with that, but after receiving my burger and fries, I realized they tasted as though they had been sitting on the counter for a couple minutes.
The Burger.
-Cheese wasn't melted -Patty wasn't hot -Not a huge size  Fry's -Overcooked -Not Hot  +Ok taste +Multiple flavor drink machine :D +Friendly Staff  Maybe because this place is new here in Arizona, the staff isn't properly trained yet.
Either way, I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this place.
It's a pain to drive/park in Mill Ave just for an "OK" burger joint.
If your on Mill, then I'd recommend another spot.
There were no big negatives from this place, but nothing that made me want to spend the extra $$ above from a fast food spot.

I've been here twice now.
Both times they got my order wrong.
The first time they made up for it by getting me some more fries.
The second time I didn't bother going back.
It was Saturday night and traffic was crazy.
I decided to leave this review instead.
I asked for no cheese, onion or pickle and the burger came standard with everything on it.
It's like they didn't even try.
The burgers, once made correctly, are decent.
The shake was alright.
Not great.
I may give it one more try but so far I'm not impressed.
I'll go to Freddy's next time instead.

I read the reviews  before heading to Steak N Shake so maybe my expectations were low but my family and  I loved it.
It was affordable and super yummy.
The only down side is the parking but its Mill so what more can you expect.
I recommend and will definitely return next time Im in the area.

Let me preface this by saying that I was raised on Steak 'N Shake and am from where it originated.
It's been a family institution for 8 decades.
My parents frequented the original SnS.
My grandparents frequented the original SnS & knew the Belt family.
For all the Yelpers out there, I simply ask that, before you write off Steak 'N Shake based on a 'Signature' 1/2 store that is the Tempe location, please try eating at an actual sit-down classic Steak 'N Shake restaurant.
The Signature store is NOTHING like the real deal.
No exaggeration.
On to the review:  Finally tried Steak 'N Shake in Tempe today.
Verdict: HIGHLY disappointed.
Ordered original double cheese w/ fries.
Zero crispy edges on slightly warm, mushy burger.
ZERO CRISPY EDGES ON A STEAK 'N SHAKE ORIGINAL BURGER??
Crispy edges are a REQUIREMENT and WHOLLY DEFINE an original Steak N' Shake burger since 1934, goddammit.
Limp tasting, overcooked fries.
In-N-Out Burger is multitudes better than SnS Signature, and I don't even particularly like In-N-Out.
A manager stopped by & asked how things were, and I just told him 'As a guy whose family is from Normal, Illinois, we've been eating @ Steak 'N Shake literally from day 1 - /for 80 years now/ & I wouldn't dream of bringing them to this location.
' Everything was just 'off'.
Not a single thing tastes or feels familiar about this 'Signature' location.
It's really almost as if it's not even affiliated with the regular restaurants.
The two friends I brought with me today said they'll never go back.
I can't blame them.
The /only/ thing going for this location is pricing.
Contrast my Tempe experience with my most recent experiences at REAL SnS locations in Austin, TX last November & 2012 in Bloomington, IL: Pure joy.
Everything was as it should've been.
I simply can't understand why they've chosen to roll these Signature stores out; it'd be almost as if In-N-Out Burger showed up in Peoria, IL & served ham salad sandwiches.
I think SnS is doing irreparable damage to their brand with these stores.

Food was great.
Had never been to a fast food Steak 'n Shake.
Would have rather had a full service restaurant.
But all and all it's about the food.
Yummy!

Very limited menu compared to regular Steak 'n Shake restaurants and restaurant was really dirty.
Gross!
Never going again.

1st visit: Tried the Melt Frisco... not much too it.
I've had much better.
The burger was a little mushy.
A weird texture.
The fries are no good.
Just an overcooked pile of fries.
The shake didn't taste like great ice-cream if it is actual ice cream.
Maybe i'm just a little more used to some of the better tasting establishments that serve custard.
Not a fav by a long shot.

Overrated ..food was ok ..Dissatisfied with people saying its the best no its ok milk shakes tast like  McDonalds nothing big..

Parking is a royal pain in the butt since it is Mill Ave and you either have to find and pay for street parking or park in the lot and walk quite a bit.
The service wasn't great.
Not overly helpful or attentive.
Was unable to add seasoned fries onto my child's kids meal so she didn't get what she wanted.
I tried the Original Double.
I really didn't care for the meat, bread or toppings.
I didn't get what I ordered either... Bun, meat, cheese and ketchup.
There was a huge chunk of tomato on the bottom.
The fries were pretty good - super skinny.
The best part and the only thing I would come back for is the Salted Caramel Pretzel Milkshake.
Seriously yum!
My girls each had the grilled cheese kids meal.
They told me the grilled cheese tasted funny.
I wasn't interested in trying it to see why.
My best guess is they are used to cheese that isn't American so they didn't like it.
A little bummed as I was so looking forward to trying this place.

Steak 'n Shake has a cool, modern interior, but the building was more impressive than the food.
burger.....not the best- bread was dry and meat wasn't that flavorful, even the guacamole couldn't salvage that (I ended up only eating half).
fries....yummy!
shake.....okay.
If I'm going to splurge and eat some crazy calories, then it has to be really worth it.
I wouldn't return to Steak 'n Shake for that reason.

Pretty sad.
I can honestly say this is top ten worst burger joint I have been to.
The bread stale.
Fries are tiny shoe string greaseballs.
Burger grease is unbarable.
Banana milk shake is awefull just artificial flavoring.

I have to admit I was hoping for the best,  especially since they have banana milk shakes which is all time family favorite.
The decor is cute however the staff lags on cleaning up tables.
Speaking of the staff, the two guys were too busy slacking off while the cook was taking orders and making the meal.
Oh, and the banana milk shake tasted like tapioca pudding so clearly not real bananas.
We ordered 2 Signature steak burgers, which looked good but ended up more like Signature grease burgers on stale bread.
The meal comes up with shoe string fries that were greasy, burnt, and when I got to 1/2 way in the box were more like the crumbs of french cries of fries, REALLY!
We ate 1/2 our meal and pitched it, not worth shitting on the potty the rest of the night.
Yes, that greasy!
I would suggest going to the chuck box down the street.
But hey, thanks for the wifi I posted this review with.

Good food but nothing overwhelmingly fantastic.
My family and I ate here last night and ordered a good chunk of the menu.
Everyone was satisfied and it was really affordable for a large family.
We also ordered a shake but it wasn't that good.
Overall good food and I'd come back again

When I found out about SNS being here in Tempe I couldn;t  wait to try it out.
Unfortunately I was very disappointed.
I lived in Tampa for a few years and Steak N Shakes were everywhere.
The restaurants there were sit down style where you actually got served at the table.
The location here in Tempe on Mill barely resembles that.
Its a bare bones menu.
Food was average, seating was minimal and parking sucks.
This location is pretty much targeting the ASU crowd.
Won't be going back.

I really really wanna like this place but there is just something that is off.
The skinny Back story Before I decided to purchase vehicle I used to ride the light rail home mon-fri I would travel east on university exit mill ave and walk to light rail station.
I one day saw the sign for a steak and shake I def got excited as I have heard of this chain from family and friends in Illinois and as a lover of shakes.
They had a great prices a good size burger and fries for 4$ the burger is def a greasy bastard but what do u expect from a burger.
Taste wise was ok no real distinct seasoning on it pretty bland but it was ok.
The fries are great the first time they were pretty salty but they have since gotten better the only problem is they have a lot of crumbs and fries edges.
The milkshake tastes like leaving ice cream with out a lid in freezer and it getting that freezer burn taste, everytime I go back I just skip the shake but I may give it another shot soon.
Service is great and fast parking can and usually is a nightmare.
This place deserves more of a 2 1/2 stars instead of 3 but they are def not a 2 I have had worse burgers and for the price I'm not complaining I have gone back a few times pretty much cause they gave me and my girl a free burger on our birthday which she gave to me :-) score!!
I will still go back cause I do love the cheese fries just hook up more fries please.

I had friends in from Payson that wanted to try Steak & Shake.
We did and nothing has improved there.
I took a readers suggestion and went to Freddy's in Tempe on Elliott.
WOW, they do a better job at Steak & Shake than Steak N Shake does.
Try them!

Very disappointed after hearing about SNS opening the only store in Arizona.
Ordered the original cheese burger with regular fries, for other type of fries, you would have to pay extra for it.
The only good thing coming out of this place is probably the Coke machine where you can mix different drinks together.
Other than that, you probably get better burgers at nearby fastfood joints.

Not sure why the reviews are so bad...nice space, great patio, cheap prices, and friendly staff.
The burger and fries were good too!
My only complaint is that they don't serve the full menu at this location.

I love Steak 'n Shake.
Just not this branch, unfortunately.
I was initially surprised that it was a SNS-lite (fast food-esque) when I walked through the door and further (unpleasantly) surprised by the low quality and saltiness of the parties themselves.
The whole point of going to one of these establishments relies on the extensive menu, the atmosphere of a sit down restaurant with overstuffed bench seating, and the friendliness of the staff.
This branch only had the latter, which was not enough for me to want to return.
*sad face*

Good burgers, terrible fries.
Fries are 1.
Hard to get a thick shake at this location.

I went to Steak and shake for the first time and it was better than I had been told.
I did not know what to expect other than they have chili and burgers and some other things too.
I asked the server for a recommendation.
He said the signature burger is the best flavor, he even gets it with no cheese.
And the flavored fries: Parmesan garlic or sea salt and pepper are both great.
I got my food and tasted the burger.
The patty was flavorful, juicy and crispy on the outside.
The toppings a great addition.
They fries were strong but very tasty.
I want to try all the flavors.
The manager came by to check on the taste and cleared our trays for us after we finished.

