This new Mr.
Sandwich location has replaced boardhouse subs that recently closed down.
VERY tasty Vietnamese Banh Mi sandwiches with a lot of good filling and meat.
Reasonable prices $3.50 a sandwich.
Their bread is perfect and exactly how I like my baguettes to be, fresh, crunchy and chewy.
They just opened 2 days ago so the restaurant is not yet stocked with all the goodies that their China location offers but it'll happen in a few weeks I am sure.
I will be coming by often before classes for lunch to get my banh mi fix.

Good (not great) banh mi and milk tea.
Decent price for college students.
The setup was confusing (I was thrown off by the tables when I first walked in, yet it is an "order at the counter" place).
The staff was nice, but not friendly (no greetings, recommendations or "Have you been here or at our other store?
No?
Lemme walk you through").

Ok but not great.
Counter help was occupied  with her cel phone.
The sandwich was ok, the bread was fresh but the pork was bland.
My soup was also bland, thankfully there was chili sauce on the table.

I've never been to the other location so I don't really know the differences between the two.
It's location is a plus because I wouldn't have to go down to Chinatown to get pho!
I can just walk across the street & its prices are reasonable & very college friendly.
It was odd to come in without a server but it's nothing too major.
I'd like to, however, be able to have condiments ready at the table rather than having to take it from another table or ask a waiter.
I mean it's not asking for a lot considering most restaurants already have them ready to be used.
But then again, this could be for the fact that they just recently opened up.
Who knows?

friendly service, decent food a little bit of fat left on the brisket i ate but other than that it was pretty good.

maybe i will change my review once i have the food.
but so far customer service was pretty rude & i asked for a milk tea with boba & he gave me coffee....gross coffee at that!
what a waste.

Crumbs everywhere!
That's the story of my lunch.
I was craving banh mi and since I'm a big fan of the Mr Sandwich on Spring mountain I was happy to have a location open up on the East side.
Came here around lunch time and they were pretty busy.
Mostly people ordering pho on this cold day, but I was in a rush and just ordered the charbroiled pork banh mi and a taro milk tea with boba.
The sandwich was just ok.
The bread was way too crumbly and made a mess every time I took a bite, which was annoying.
Tasted slightly stale as well, which was disappointing.
The meat and veggies were ok.
Wish they were a little more pickled to add more flavor, but still ok.
The milk tea was good and basic.
Would have been a little better if they added more ice, but I enjoyed it.
Overall, I don't see myself going out of my way to come here, but it's a good addition to the area.

Service was great.
Came at peak lunch time and still had fast service.
Pho was very good!
I had the vegetarian pho, it had lots of veggies in it, well done!
My husband has the chicken pho, lots of chicken in it, he liked it a lot.
Looking forward to trying more things on the menu!

The first time I came here I was disappointed because I ordered rare steak pho to go & im realized once I got back to UNLV they didn't include the bean sprouts, mint leaves etc.
& no utensils & barely any meat and pho noodles.
But then the next day they redeemed themselves :) They included everything, including sriracha and hoisin sauce which I also had to ask for the day before but that wasn't a big deal.
They also included the veggies & utensils & also left room in the broth container for me to be able to add everything without the soup overflowing..like how it did the day before.
I also ordered the white chocolate mocha coffee hot with boba and wow it was really addicting.
Try the hot milk teas too!
Perfect for this cold ass weather.
Overall, it's a convenient walk across the street from school and the workers were very nice and honest.
I say honest because apparently they have 2 different menus or something like that and he informed us that we were looking at the wrong menu & that the pricing was different.
Idk why they would have the other menu there to confuse people but at least I know for the future I guess.
I was much happier with my second visit and will definitely be coming back for that white chocolate mocha coffee!

Unfriendly and unhelpful service.
Our shrimp was undercooked and noodle dish had no flavor.Will not be returning.

Currently eating my rare steak and brisket pho.
Not gonna lie it's pretty good.
Can't wait to try more off the menu.
Service was good and quick.

I was brought here by a friend who had a coupon for a "buy 5, get 1 free" sandwich.
I was not expecting much, but was pleasantly  surprised.
It's a small cozy restaurant next to einsteins bagel and I noticed that some patrons were studying on their laptops.
The menu pretty big, ranging from pho to finger food snacks.
The staff was friendly and hospitable and recommended us to get the house special and charbroiled chicken sandwich (which was delicious!).
We dined in.
It was kind of empty but it did not feel awkward hanging out there.
It was actually warm, comfortable and had enough background noise and space to feel like you can have some privacy for conversation.
Overall it was a great experience.
I like their sandwiches and their Vietnamese coffee!

Came here for lunch between classes.
At around 12:00 pm when I arrived it wasn't so busy, but luckily I got here just in time before the place got packed.
I had their combination pho.
The broth was okay nothing too great.
Everything about the soup was fine except for the onions.
They were large chunks of strong onions that entirely ruined the soup.
The bowl size wasn't that big either, and overall I paid around $7-8.
One thing that I did like was their honey dew slush with boba.
I am also aware that this place has various deals however I can't recall all of them (deals such as buy a certain amount of sandwiches and receive one free) It can also apply to drinks and combo meals as well.
Will I come back?
Maybe, not for the pho but to try a sandwich or grab a boba.

Today is a beautiful day.
Bright and sunny skies.
I walked into this little French-Vietnamese restaurant hoping for some decent food.
It is definitely filled with plenty of college students.
I ordered the Charbroiled Banh Mi - #36.
It came out warm with what seems like only a few vegetables and pork.
Unfortunately, I was correct.
However, for $3.50, you get what you paid for.
The sandwich was okay, not impressive.
This is in a university area, so perhaps their target audience are poor college students.
Don't expect anything great.
Only expect food to be ready and cheap.
Service- almost nonexistent Cleanliness -great Food -meh Decor -cool.

This place is nothing special.
What really needs to stand out at pho places is the broth.
If their broth isn't amazing, most pho places are just ehh.
As for Mr.
Sandwich, their broth was decent.
Nothing special, but not awesome.
It was pretty cheap though and for a decent size.

Great service.
The staffs are really friendly and the food is great.
I usually come here during my break between classes.
Their coffee is like crack.
It's amazing.
I don't think I would survive my afternoon class without it.

This place is one of Vegas' best-kept secrets.
Been there a couple of times now; LOVE the Tom Yum soup and the curry; spring roles and pot stickers were quite good as well.
And everyone is so nice every time I've been there.
Great service, great prices (I'm from San Francisco, so for the quality, these prices are amazing).

Service was great.
Came at peak lunch time and still had fast service.
Pho was very good!
I had the vegetarian pho, it had lots of veggies in it, well done!
My husband has the chicken pho, lots of chicken in it, he liked it a lot.
Looking forward to trying more things on the menu!
Came back and tried grilled chicken, crisply noodle and pad Thai.
Everything was great!!

Food was fine.
Had chicken chow mien & Thai tea + egg rolls.
The management needs to check the condiments that are on the tables.
The sriracha at my table had an expiration date of April 2013 - nearly 11 months old!

This is a new convenient spot for students at UNLV to get their pho or banh mi fix.
Located on Maryland Parkway, it's directly across from the walkway by the Student Union.
The place is clean and service is always friendly and accommodating.
I love their pho broth here.
It almost has a hint of jasmine tea to it.
Last time I came in I asked for a side of the broth to go with my chicken banh mi and they gave it to me, no charge.
I also told him I was only going to eat the half of my sandwich there so they cut it in half for me.
So awesome!
Little things that matter.
Their bahn mis aren't the best I've ever had but they're cheap and good.
I think I'm warming up to the bread they serve it on, which is soft and doughy instead of the usual crunchy baguettes.
If you're in the hood, I recommend this place for a nice cheap sandwich or some amazing soup.
Hits the spot and is easy on the wallet.

This place has the nastiest pork sandwich.
It didn't taste right  at all.
It was dry.
I'll be going back to hue thai

Very good!
And being $5.99 for a decent sized bowl, I'm very satisfied.
Causal environment too

Mr.
Sandwich is a great quick pho place.
The pho and sandwiches here are amazing and everything is cheap.
They have a loyalty card for drinks and entrees; you can earn a free meal at 7 which is fairly low.
The interior is a little small and could be cleaner, but never anything to worry about.
The service is amazing here, and they are very quick.

This location is great, it's so convenient and so cheap!
Broke college student cheap!
Lol.
I love pho and this place fixes my pho, boba and sandwich crave.
They don't have the student special anymore (buy $12 worth of food and get a free Thai tea) but they are working to get stamp cards?
Hopefully those come out soon!
Love their food here!

The prices are awesome and consumer friendly for those on a tight budget.
I really enjoyed the pho I had!
For $5.99 as a set size large pho bowl...
Does the pho fix!!
And you cannot beat their boba drink prices for medium is $3 and large is $4 and they do not charge for mixing flavors.
And they have some pretty unique flavors like avocado, durian, and jackfruit to name a few.
The service was very personable.
And the owner is very friendly and converses with his customers.
But seriously cannot beat the price.
The scrambled egg with Chinese sausage bahn mi was also very very good.
Add a little saraicha sauce and bomb.com and their bahn mi prices are $3.50 again can't beat that price.
I give it 4 stars because the hours of operation are standard.
Not the Vegas late hours so I can't go later than 9 for a pho or boba fix.
And weekends they close even earlier.
The place has good food and definitely affordable and pocket friendly.
I will be returning

Great food, huge menu, and incredibly cheap prices.
Perfect college restaurant.
Charbroiled pulled pork sandwich is the ish!

Everyone was right when they say its cheap here cause it really is.
My bowl of pho was $6 and it is a large bowl!
My milktea was $4.45 because its was large and i asked for a boba with it.
Compared to other pho places,this one hits the spot when it comes to cheap eats.
Downfall is that their broth for the pho isnt so much to my liking, I feel like there is something missing.
I keep comparing it to the taste of pho kim long,pho so 1 and pho Saigon 8.
These are 3 different pho restaurants that I usually go depending on where im the closets.
Although it is personal preference, if youre one of the people who goes to restaurants I mentioned, just dont expect so much from here.
Their service is very personable and I like it.
The guy who took my order was very cheerful and it definitely sets a good mood since Im really hungry!
Try it out and see for yourself and Ill definitely give it another shot here.
After all, they have stamp cards;)

you get what you pay for good price on pho but the broth is like soup mix water and they give you very little brisket , plus make up the short basil with greens that suck you can always tell if its bone made broth instead of mix.
I haven't even looked at the sandwich or rolls yet .
all well that's delivery .
im going to stick with saigon 8 on eastern and the guy couldn't understand my English on the phone made me text the order then texted it back wrong.
I even asked for extra basile got like 2 sprigs total.
they exist off poor college students they don't care about quality.. edit time .
jumped back on after opening my rolls and sandwich .
didn't think it could get worse.
pork grilled sand was terrible .
the bread is old , i  mean old .
NO veggies if it wasn't delivery I would walk up to the counter a say waz up.
the spring roll had a old smelly piece of shrimp and nothing but iceberg lettuce in it  UNBELIEVABLE !
the egg rolls were like mini chinese burritos deep fried pressed crap .
BOY THEY SCREWED ME !
I give this place a year tops even with those poor students across the street.
my dog wouldn't eat it and she will eat anything.

3.5 stars- rounding up.
My boyfriend and I frequently come here for lunch in between classes.
Conveniently located across the street from UNLV's student union.
Very decent pricing --affordable on a student budget!
Nice service from the owner himself.
I get their yummy banh mi ga when I'm not too hungry.
Pho and bun are good- most of the time.
Main complaint is the inconsistency.
Some days it tastes stellar and others the meat can taste not very fresh.
I have found that it is best to go during a day when class is in session and during lunch hours.
Large drink menu but I am not a fan of them.
Drinks are powder-based.
Convenient place to go when we need our pho fix (which is often..).

