Officially our favorite food truck in LV!
Quality of food and service is incredible!
They had combination plates and a fusion special!
Wish they were around more often though.
Currently they are downtown every second Saturday(6pm-1am) of the month at the event called,"StrEATS" and on Wednesday(10pm-1/2am) they are at  the corner of Valley View and Russell parked outside of an adult book store.
They're ribeye combination plate with fried rice is to die for!!!
Also loved the shrimp and kimchee fried rice, the special burrito, and the guava cake!!!
The two sauces they give you on the side are so tasty.
One is like a teriyaki sauce and the other is a chili sauce.
Please try this delicious food because you don't know what you're missing!

Had Truknyaki at the Sunset Park food truck event.
Amazing food.
Cooked to order.
I guess they are pretty popular, the line was long and due to the fact it is prepared to order there was a wait for food.
Worth the wait.
Their custom sauce was to die for.
I have never had food of this quality from a food truck.

Beyond delicious!
Especially coming from a food truck.
If someone served this in a restaurant to you and didn't tell you it was from a food truck, you probably wouldn't even guess it's food truck food.
You'd think it's restaurant food.
That's how good it is!
Their ribeye on fried rice is on point!
So is their burrito!
The service is friendly and I will surely come back to eat here!

This food truck is AMAZING.
The menu is simple, the food is divine, and the owners are great.
Just named one of the top ten best Las Vegas restaurants by USA Today, and that's competing with all the high end restaurants on the Strip.
You'll have this once, and crave it every day.
As far as specific recommendation- I always get the chicken burrito.
They're usually open outside of Kao at Spring Mountain and Wynn, Wednesday nights from 10pm - 2am.

Delicious!!!
I've had the combo plates which are great but I  especially love the Rib eye Burrito.
Everyone needs to try it and dip it in their house made sauces, it's soooo good!
It makes me want one right now as I am typing this.
Great food, great service.
You're missing out if you don't go try them.
My favorite food truck in Las Vegas!

