My wife and I were staying in Scottsdale and we absolutely LOVED this place for the atmosphere as well as the food!
We are definitely going back as soon as we return to the Phoenix area!
They had a Vespa oyster bar right when you walk in--never seen anything like it!
At first, we wondered if they were just a cute idea but thought they might not be comfortable.
However, when we sat down, it was just as comfortable as any other seat--the oysters were very fresh and there was a lot of selection.
From the oyster bar, to the appetizers, to our main entrees, we were very impressed with the food.
The seafood was incredibly fresh and the fusion side dishes really complemented each of our meals.
They apparently fly their fish in fresh every day (which you basically have to do if you are going to serve fresh seafood this far from the ocean).
Though the place was crazy busy, the service was solid.
Our waiter gave us space but made sure we were taken care of and that our drinks remained refilled, plates cleared, etc.
The chef and the owner came over to our table and really made us feel welcomed.
We had a truly special experience and are looking forward to going back soon.

Just got back from our dinner and had to write to say how amazing Cutttlefish is.
Finally a restaurant like this is in Scottsdale.
The crudo the cocktails the sardines the service the desert even the special coffee is unique and delicious.
This place is so original and elegant with such delicious and clever combinations of ingredients that work perfectly.
This is my new favorite restaurant and I cannot wait to come back.
It is rare to find a menu where you want to try everything and every dish is appetizing and enticing.
I hope cuttlefish is extremely successful.

Excellent food service atmosphere    This  is a new restaurant  and will be  very successful!
The meat was cooked to perfection.
Oyster bar with scooters something I have never seen.
The owners mingled with guests.
Fantastic.

The atmosphere is very unique as you enter and see an oyster bar with Vespa Scooters with lit lights parked around it.
The dining room is sort of classic but modern and clean but the booths look nice but are not the most comfortable.
We were going to start with the ambitious dish of grilled sardines but they were not available and decided to just get down to dinner.
Soon warm herb butter with pine nuts arrive and two small loafs of surprise bread.
I note we were asked by the server if the pine nuts were an allergy for either of us but she didn't mention we got olive bread (that was delicious) and SQUID ink Bread.
When I saw it I knew it wasn't pumpernickel.
My husband's Adriatic Stew was delicious in a well made broth and was nearly perfect.
My Verlasso Salmon with cooked threw and moist with a very masterfully seasoned crisp skin and a well made lemon white wine reduction.
It's not a deal breaker of any kind but crispy capers didn't make it to my plate.
I didn't feel like complaining for crispy capers I just look at that as an opening hiccup.
My Roman Artichokes were much inedible material and were a small amount as they were.
They get points for doing fresh artichokes but maybe they just couldn't get good ones this week.
We shared a side of Lacinato Kale that is described as Kale with white beans and anchovy.
I think the anchovies were hanging out with the sardines and capers as they also didn't make it here.
(another hiccup) I don't know for a fact but  to me the beans seemed like plain unseasoned canned beans just added to lightly cooked kale.
(more hiccups)  No one asked us while we were dining how our meal was but we were asked twice afterwords how it was.
We did mention one thing and were thanked for that.
Some opening hiccups.
Lots of room for potential with a unique Italian seafood menu that is hard to come by in Arizona.
I think they will improve.
3 stars is honest and not negative and means worth trying.

Wow, we had a bad experience there last night.
I was all excited after looking at the menu online.
This is a pricey place, but people were dressed in their usual Scottsdale slob fashion, even guys with ball caps on backwards.
Please, it is the friggen holidays, can you at least take your hat off?
I can't blame the place for that of course.
We arrived a bit before 8 for our 8PM reservations, were told they were behind, to take a seat at the bar.
It was 5 deep there and deafening, but a large party left and we got a corner spot after a few minutes.
The people next to us were ranting about their food, as in ranting that they hated it.
Since we were nearly on top of them, I questioned what they didn't like so I could be sure not to order it.
They insisted the bartender get us a couple of utensils and a plate to taste what they were having.
Why not?
The ciopinno (sp?
) was so salty I could not believe it.
A clam dish was rubbery and  salmon appetizer (on toast) was just tasteless.
They had something else but had sent it back.
I really don't know what the restaurant did about their bill, but they were off to Roaring Fork to get some reliable food.
Still we might have tried the food but then it was 8:30 and still no sign of a table.
I really won't wait anywhere, anytime, and would have probably walked out before that if the bar neighbors had not been so entertaining.
So we left and went to Soi Four, another reliably decent place.
Maybe it is not fair to give them one star without really even having a meal.
We will try it again after the ubermobs have moved on.
And it is new.
But I still won't wait around for a table when I make reservations.
Warning, the place is deafening, and I don't find the Vespa bar all that cute.

Living in the neighborhood I was excited to see another restaurant open and give it a try.
We arrived at around 7 pm and decided to sit in the bar area and try some of the unique things on the menu.
I would not recommend sitting in a high-top in the bar area.
The service was slow and I ordered a specialty drink and sent it back cause it tasted wrong after waiting 10 minutes for our drinks.
My girlfriend ordered some oysters that were decent but some of our other choices were just not good.
It is very pricey and I felt the atmosphere was a little sterile.
Maybe they need more time but with the amount of other amazing restaurants in the area.
I will not return.

What a great place!
My wife and I decided to stop in for a late dinner and were pleasantly surprised.
We were greeted by what appeared to be the owner and he was very nice and hospitable.
We pulled up right at the oyster bar, what a cool thing, the seats were Vespa scooters!
The oyster selection was next to amazing and the mignonette was delicious.
My wife and I split the salmon and it was cooked to perfection and deliciously seasoned.
We will be back for sure.
I can't complain about anything!
Strong 5 stars

Went there for New Year's Eve dinner with two other couples.
The good:   Nice space & decor, great drinks and non-seafood dishes were surprisngly solid.
A wonderful pork belly & fig appetizer.
Chicken saltimbocca and purple mashed potato entree was delightful.
Service was pretty good considering the full house and how recently they've opened.
The meh:   Seafood dishes got mixed reviews.
Fried cuttlefish appetizer was just so-so.
Guys liked their monkfish over a bed of rice but the ladies said the crudo and cod dishes were nothing to write home about.
Piano/vocal duo was pretty loud and not very good.
Not great, not awful, but you'd expect more for the price.
And if you're a seafood restaurant, the seafood really ought to be special.

The ambiance is candlelit yet casual at the same time.
You can easily dress up and fit in or dress casual and be perfectly fine.
Food is beyond words.
Highly recommend the oysters and the seafood salad!
Uhh-mazing!!!
Service-Food-Drinks= Top notch.
MUST TRY.

We loved this place.
The decor and ambience are fantastic, as you can see when you walk in to the Oyster Bar surrounded by real Vespa scooters for seats.
The raw bar is very tasty and the menu is chock full of excellent choices.
I recommend the Wreckfish, which I'd never had, or the Monkfish.
Both were outstanding.
The drinks and wine selection is great and the staff/service is excellent.
We are going back.

I was excited to see a new restaurant in my neck of the woods, but this one fell flat!
I ordered the surf and turf skewer and it was happy hour, which means $3 off all apps and drinks!!
Yeah, I thought!
Well, the menu said "prawns" as in plural!
However, when my appetizer arrived it had one prawn (and I think it was just a jumbo shrimp and not a prawn) and 2 very small pieces of well done filet!
WTH!!
I asked the bartender why I only got one "prawn" when the menu said prawns---with an "S!
" In between talking to her friend at the bar about how often the two of them hung out and ate oysters--a conversation I didn't want or need to hear--she replied, "Oh, the Happy Hour appetizer only comes with one prawn!
" (Again, I use the term "prawn" with much reservation!
) In my humble opinion, that should have been indicated on the menu or, at the very least, explained prior to me getting this lack lusture appetizer!
Had I know, I would have ordered the regular appetizer!
In addition, the food needed some seasons!
It was bland and over priced!

I have now been back to Cuttlefish for an early dinner/business meeting and was really impressed with consistency of their quality, as were my guests.
We had several of the seafood appetizers and entrees, including the Albacore, Salmon, and Wreck fish.
I cannot recommend the Albacore enough--incredible fusion of sweet and salty.
I plan on being back in the area over the next couple of weeks and cannot wait to go back!
This will be my go-to place every time I am in the Phoenix area.

When My husband and I passed by this restaurant the first time we knew we had to try it!!
Such a perfect name for a high end restaurant and from the outside it looked so enchanting!
Much to my surprise this restaurant is mediocre at best.
Once you walk in to the restaurant the decor and atmosphere is a mood kill.
From the outside it looks so sexy and once your inside you'll feel as if you're in some beach house in the Hamptons; makes no sense.
Bright restaurant full of older folk.
The food is so subpar it was shocking.
Decor aside, everything on the menu looks absolutely delicious!!
What a let down!!
Nothing stood out, nothing was exciting, and nothing was different.
Don't bother asking your waiter any details on how food is prepared either because they won't know; instead, they will open your menu and read off of it acting like they knew the whole time.
Don't waste your Saturday night here.
You won't be impressed.
Such a let down for a restaurant that sounds so great!
I read reviews and decided to give it a chance anyway but regretted it later.

What a great new place !
The concept is fun and different.
I love the Vespa bar, I have never seen anything like it.
As for the food me and my husband loved it!
We started with wedge salad, then for my main course I got the seared scallops,w/a side of gnocchi, my husband got the salmon w/a side lobster mash potato.
Every thing had so much flavor and presentation was great.
This is defiantly a place  I will return to since we travel to az frequently !

I'm picky about my seafood.
Though I'm a moderately adventurous eater (I'll try anything once), "slithery seafood" (oysters, seared--instead of cooked--fish, etc.
) does not appeal to me, due to both flavor and texture.
I lean much more towards a beautiful filet of cooked, recognizable, common fish.
However, Cuttlefish completely turned my seafood palate upside down!
My husband and I placed ourselves in the competent hands of the chef and the owner, both of whom were affable and knowledgeable about flavors and textures.
We decided to trust them, and in return we had what I can only describe as THE BEST seafood experience of my life.
I ate--and enjoyed--everything, even foods I'd tried in the past to force myself to like/appreciate such as oysters.
The way that Cuttlefish prepared its oysters, and the sauces meant to enhance them on the side...
I ate until I was full.
We tried an assortment of appetizers, entrees, and desserts, each one impeccably presented (glowing blue lights under the iced oyster platter) and delicious.
Despite how busy the restaurant was, the service was top notch, and the owner and chef checked on us to ensure that we were still enjoying our seafood tour.
Though we are from L.A., we travel to Phoenix and Scottsdale quite often on business.
Cuttlefish is definitely our new go-to restaurant.
We've given them a dinner and a lunch, and we are eager to return for more.

My husband I had were very pleased with our first visit.
The atmosphere is very inviting and the menu is very diversified.
Our server knew the menu very well, which is always a help.
We both started off with the Clam Chowder Pot Pie, which was fabulous.
It was a very generous portion, served with a twist.
It was very filling, so we decided to order an appetizer of lollipop dates to share....they were delicious...and we shared the crab and shrimp salad plate.
Everything was served to perfection.
On our next return, we will come with bigger appetites and try their different entrees, which sounded amazing.
It seemed that everyone around us were enjoying their meals, which is always a good sign!

Cuttlefish is in the Shops at Gainey Village.
A hop, skip and a jump away from my one of the places I work.
Alas, I waited for the busiest nights to test the newest seafood joint.
(A band was playing outside.
) I was surprised then when our party was greeted like part of their extended Italian family.
"Hmm.
Better return for my *own* experience.
" Turns out Cuttlefish offers a familial experience to everyone.
(Smooches, hugs by Vincinza and Gino!
) I later asked my friends how many times they had visited to warrant such fanfare.
(Once.
) I returned the next day for some more love.
The food was that unbelievable.
Then I learned about their killer HH.
(2pm-8pm!
) Details at the end.
Dangerous information.
FOOD So the food.
Hoh.
My.
Goodness.
If I could cook it would be like this.
But since I can't (shh) I would eat here all the time.
After careful deliberation (too many mouth watering choices) I devoured the sea scallops.
They're served on a delightful bed of risotto.
The scallops were gingerly cooked to perfection, topped with bacon and a jam of sorts.
My Instagram title for the photo is "Orgasmic".
Yep.
Paired with a simple salad of mixed greens (which was generously sized) I was stuffed.
....and yet....Our table shared a dessert called Cassata.
Sweet goat cheese was whipped into a surprising treat.
I say "our table" but really that means I ate most of it :) Gino, who waited on us like a cousin, suggested an excellent bottle of Italian pinot noir by Candoni.
DESIGN The exterior of the restaurant offers wonderful, refined table dining.
The interior of the restaurant is designed with Italy in mind.
The oyster bar is surrounded with Vespas.
Yes, Vespas!
Cutest thing ever.
(Seriously, have a peek at my photos.
) The main dining area offers plenty of seating options.
Four top tables with chairs sprinkle the center area.
Booths line the walls.
The booths are for 1-2 adults.
The bar area also offers high top seating.
This is a place to impress!
CUTTLEFISH?
Oh, you have to try it.
Calamari lovers will rejoice.
This is better!
I needed some schooling so I asked my waiter Matt for the 411.
A Cephalopod is any member of the molluscan class Cephalopoda.
(Props to Matt for being able to spell that for me.
) These buggers are characterized by bilateral body symmetry, a prominent head and a set of tentacles.
Sometimes cuttlefish are called inkfish, referring to their common ability to squirt ink.
Boom.
Cuttlefish, the restaurant, flies their speciality in *all* the way from Sicily.
They weigh, on average, 23 lbs.
MUY IMPORTANT HH is 2-8pm!
(Woooot!
) $3 off the bar menu.
$3 off glasses of wine.
$3 off specialty drinks.
Bottles of wine are 30% off.
This is a new staple in my eating rotation.
Come and be merry here!
p.s.
Try the Date Lollipops to share.
The smoked bacon is like nothing else.
The mixture of dates, bacon, blue cheese and agave is mm-mm-mm!

I walked out on Valentines Day with my wife.
This was a Horrible experience in all aspects, with nothing redeeming on any level.
Be advised!
Do not go to this restaurant!
Get a frozen dinner and you'll be more satisfied.
I guess I will start at the beginning.
I made reservations over a month ago.
I was expecting something more... way more than what I experienced tonight.
We were treated with less customer service than a fast food restaurant.
We walked in at our reservation time.
The hostess seemed very confused.
They were young but without any customer service training.
We would have been better trying to seat ourselves.
They did not know if our table was ready.
Then they tried to seat us in the two worst tables in the house.
We were forced to not sit in the dinning room, but in the packed bar.
Soon after were served water and bread.
Our waitress seemed attentive (later to find out she also was awful).
We tried to order drinks but or waitress came back 3 times to tell us they were out of the selections we desired.
The waitress used some weak excuse that they did not receive their shipments or someone decided to not order it.
At this point we should have gotten up and left.
However, we decide against our better judgment to stay.
My wife ordered a Cabernet and she was then served a glass of white wine.
I then ordered a Martini, which had so much vermouth that it was undrinkable.
Still, for some reason we ordered appetizers.
We had the Tuna and the famous Cuttlefish Calamari.
The Tuna was bland and had no seasoning.
The Cuttlefish was also bland (big surprise) and the provided dipping sauce was not to my liking.
I ask the waitress for a cocktail sauce which never came.
After our first bite of this less than mediocre cuisine she was pushing the main course.
It was clear that this was not a dinning experience.
I never received the accouterments I requested.
I was now livid.
Nothing we ordered was available.
Service was terrible.
Food was awful.
Nothing about this restaurant was even decent.
I requested the check, which found its way to our table scary fast.
Our waitress made no attempt to try to rectify this situation.
Now, one would think this would have been enough.
However I must be a glutton for punishment.
I decided to talk to management.
Wrong choice!
I spoke to the "manager" and was insulted again.
The manager informed me that it was a new restaurant and that it was obvious that someone decided to "pick on us".
The manager gave us a half-ass apology, and then again emphasized that it was a "new restaurant and that someone picked on us".
WTF!
Picked on us?!?
We were out of there with $60 down the sewer (I use that verbiage purposely)!
The food was swill and overpriced swill.
Cuttlefish is an embarrassment to even subpar restaurants.
I have never been more insulted.
I have never had a worse experience.
I will never go back.
They almost ruined our Valentines Day.
However, we made the right choice and went to a Sam Fox restaurant where we were taken care of.
So, thank you to Sam Fox!
Cuttlefish belongs on Restaurant Nightmares Hall of Fame with Amy's Baking Company!
Terrible, awful, crap in all respects!

Went for a special event and the food was great!!
Can't wait to go back for a regular meal!!!
Can sit on a Vespa at the Oyster bar...good beers too...

I've seen mixed reviews on Yelp so far, so it was nice to have the opportunity to try it for myself in this setting.
I liked it.
Since we had the opportunity to sample a number of dishes, such as the pork belly, salmon, oysters, and the tuna cones, I feel like I got a nice cross sample of their offering.
Everything was tasty, and the mini-ice cream cone-esque tuna appetizer is a really cool outside-the-box type of treat.
Winning!
I will say that the raw oysters had just a tad too much salt, but they were obviously high quality, well sourced and none-the-less good.
I love that this place is green and utilizes sustainable seafood, which is flown in and it's as fresh as you're going to get in AZ.
After grabbing some apps, we cozied up to the bar and had a few beverages.
Our bartenders were friendly and attentive.
No complaints!
Loved the layout of the restaurant.
The patio seating areas were nice, and I like that it's only one row of tables per side.
Makes it a little more intimate.
Inside, the bar area was welcoming, the raw bar area with the scooter seats was unique and it's shape gives you the ability to see what's happening and socialize with the other patrons, should you choose to do so.
The dining area was nicely laid out as well.
Definitely looking forward to spending another evening (and a few $$) here in the very near future!

Wifey came her for an Elite event earlier in the week, and suggested we go eat.
What a great place to get some good pasta and seafood.
The menu consists mostly of Italian seafood dishes, with some great sides.
We had the yellowtail crudo that was very good.
It had a good sweet and sour vinaigrette and great texture.
I went with the spaghetti with crab, shrimp and sea urchin.
it was absolutely perfect, the sea urchin giving the sauce an orange hue and that delicious briney quality I like from a good seafood pasta.
Wifey had the shrimp and grits (shrimp and polenta) that she loved.
WE also got a side of Gnocchi for my daughter, which were awesome and perfectly tender.
Service was decent, and the layout is nice.
I'd definitely go back.

Ok a little hesitant after reading the negative reviews but we celebrated my birthday with a dinner here.
The food was wonderful.
Lean cuisine????
Now the portions aren't huge and the prices are a little high but the food was great.
Lobster mashed potatoes, gnocchi and seafood pasta special were perfectly prepared.
The pasta was served al dente and I prefer a softer pasta but that was my bad for not speaking up when I ordered.
Service was great too.
Another server actually asked me if she could get something for me even though I had a different server.
We are going back for 1/2 price oysters on Wednesdays

Staff greeted us in a warm and welcoming fashion.
The centerpiece as you walk in is a stunning oyster bar surrounded by actual Vespa bar stools!
Fun!
Our waiter, Troy, was knowledgeable and accommodating.
Our entrees were all delicious: scallops, salmon, seafood spaghetti & seafood stew.
The tables were well appointed.
Music was soothing and not too loud.
Conversation was easy in this atmosphere.
We'll be back!

I came here with my parents and boyfriend on a Monday night - I didn't have very high expectations based on the mixed reviews but I live in the neighborhood and wanted to give it a shot - we were pleasantly surprised.
I'm guessing that, like many restaurants, they were going through some opening jitters but seem to have worked them out.
The menu items are a mix of Italian and seafood dishes.
We started out with the Date Lollipops and the Cuttlefish appetizer for the table.
The Date Lollipops were really good - a tasty combo of dates, bacon, and blue cheese.
The cuttlefish appetizer was pretty good, reminded me of fried calamari, but a softer texture.
For a main courses, we had the seared scallops, wreckfish, roasted prawns, and the maccheroni alla chitarra (a dish with salmon and pasta in a vodka sauce).
We shared tastes of the dishes and decided that the winner was definitely the scallops - they were very well prepared and served with risotto and a sweet jam.
I was very impressed with the service, food, and atmosphere.
I'll definitely be back!

Wow.... Having dinner at the newest, most amazing restaurant in Scottsdale ....
The short ribs are to die for, the crispy cuttlefish .... Fabulous...
The mussels and oysters are divine .... We'll be back this week !!!!

WOW!!
5-star  food, service and atmosphere!!
Every single thing we ate was exceptional.
This haven for seafood-loving foodies is our new favorite place to treat ourselves.
We were lucky to discover Cuttlefish during a Yelp event, and after tasting a few items (like the delectable melts in your-mouth gnocchi - it ), we couldn't wait to go back for a full meal.
We definitely weren't disappointed!
SERVICE:  From the hostess to the exit, everyone was really nice.
Get a reservation - it gets busy on Friday and Saturday nights, but the service doesn't suffer a bit.
Our server was both pleasant and professional - great jokes but also extremely knowledgeable about the menu (great suggestions, no trips back to the kitchen to verify anything).
Our entire meal was perfectly timed, and every single item was the perfect temperature.
FOOD/DRINKS:  We chose a Sauvignon Blanc and a Pinot Grigio from the wine list and they were lovely.
We started with the delicious albacore appetizer that was free as a thank you for attending a Yelp event (no, thank You!
) - firm, fresh and so nicely prepared!
Next came the fresh, piping hot rolls with whipped herb butter - pumpernickel and multigrain (I think?).
We tried to eat only a small amount and failed.
Our favorite item, among wonderful things, was the shrimp and grits - three enormous shrimp with dry-rub, grilled to perfection over creamy polenta and marscapone with a touch of pesto.
Order this!
It's amazing.
For the main meal, they split the Branzino Putanesca onto two plates for us, and it was some of the most beautifully cooked fish I've had - perfection with lovely Italian flavors in the red sauce.
We also ordered the Dungeness Crab mac n cheese - absolutely delicious, with such excellent crab flavor coming through the gourmet cheeses.
ATMOSPHERE:  The decor is pleasant and upscale, but with touches of flair - their wall accent color is turquoise (to go with the martime theme), and the beautiful oyster bar has vespas for seats!
The booths are comfy, and so are the chairs.
They have Happy Hour (until 8pm!
) at their beautiful bar and on the patio.
The servers and bussers are well turned out in white.
OVERALL:  Eat here!
I'm definitely a stickler for value, and the prices here aren't low, but the standard of excellence exceeds them.
Already dreaming of going back...

We went on a Thursday night--I had family in from out of town and went back and forth about going there because the reviews are all over the map.
We had a great table in a back corner--the restaurant was busy but not jammed.
We started with medley of oysters--all of which were outstanding.
My family members who have traveled all over the world--indicated that they were some of the best.
They definitely reminded you of the ocean--by their taste and smell.
Main dishes included risootto, the spaghetti with sturgeon and the linguine with cuttlefish.
All three dishes were excellent--the fish and seafood in all its forms tasted very fresh.
it was so nice to have seafood in Phoenix where you can taste it rather than it being swallowed by the taste of whatever it came with.
I will definitely come back--lots of other things on the menu I want to try.
the restaurant is very modern looking.
they do have vespas around the raw bar to sit on--a little kitchy--and I am not sure how comfortable--but certainly a conversation starter.

It was quite easy to book a reservation for a table for two on Friday (via OpenTable).
I chose the restaurant as a good option for my friend who was observing lent.
Was quickly sat and was even giving an option of an inside or outside table.
Since the weather was great -- we opted for an outside table.
Probably wasn't the best decision.
The space was fairly narrow and as a result, was oftened bumped by the server working his table that was beyond ours.
Interestingly, we had a different server than the table next to us.
While our server was nice/friendly, it took over 20 mins to be serviced.
(The server for the table next to us approached his table at least 3 times while we waited with our menus.
Not sure if he ever told our server that we had been waiting for a while -- would have been a good teaming opportunity to ensure customer satisfaction.
) When our server finally came to take our order, there was no acknowledgement of the long wait.
Otherwise, the rest of the service went well but waiting 20 mins for our order pretty much set the tone for the rest of the meal.

The mixed reviews tempered expectations somewhat but our happy hour experience was heavy on the happy and plentiful with the taste.
This was my first introduction to eating cuttlefish and I came away pleasantly impressed with its texture and flavor.
Highlights for our table were the dates, poke tacos, and Adriatic Stew.
The service was a little 'casual' for us but not enough to impact our enjoyment of evening or the oysters.
On my Phoenix short list for when I'm in a "seafaring " sort of mood.

My husband and I were invited to a Yelp event at Cuttlefish and enjoyed it so much that we had to come back for dinner.
I love the location since it is close to both home and work.
Additionally, there is plenty of parking.
Upon arriving, you have a nice view of the wraparound porch where you can enjoy your meal outside.
Once inside, you are greeted by the hostess and a nice view of the oyster bar.
The oyster bar has cute motorcycle seats which is both fun and comfy to sit at.
To the right is the bar and bar tables.
To the left is the main dining area.
We sat in the main dining area at a small booth made for two.
The decorations inside are soothing and reminiscent of the sea.
As we looked at the menu, our waitress came up for our drink orders and told us the evening specials.
I decided to get the special - sturgeon in a pesto sauce.
My husband ordered the Adriatic stew off the menu.
We also ordered the yellow tail appetizer.
Our waitress brought out complimentary bread and our appetizer.
The bread was interesting as one was squid ink bread.
Different, but tasty.
My husband enjoyed the yellow tail, but I wasn't a fan.
(Not a huge fan of raw fish.
) Shortly after we finished off the appetizers, our food was quick to arrive and plated beautifully.
Our waitress described the sturgeon like swordfish and she was right, it was very similar.
I enjoyed it a lot.
(Not fishy, more on the firm side, and flavorful.
) My husband was excited for his stew but a little on the disappointed side.
It looked beautiful and tasty but was actually more on the flavorless side and the fish was overcooked.
Overall, we will be back but probably just for happy hour.
I'm really looking forward to having some pork belly and the gnocchi!

Homemade pasta should be al dente.
And although I enjoy spicy food, it should prolly be noted on the menu for others who don't enjoy the spicy surprise.
My fish and chips were raw, not just the fish, the breading too.
Manager/server had no idea what was even on the menu, during ordering don't ask any questions they won't know anything.
They say their burrata is from crows dairy, I know the owner Wendell Crow, they don't make burrata.
They did have a really nice dessert platter for a birthday guest we had, amazing goat-cheesecake   Really nice ambience, besides the Vespa like scooters they had as seats at the 'raw bar', that threw me off a bit.
Unfortunately I rate places on the food mostly and service as well.
my food was mostly bland and inedible.
Service was friendly but had zero menu knowledge.
They told me they were open 3 months and a day or i would be less harsh.

I will say the service was amazing, that said, the food was not so much!
The shrimp cocktail and ice tea were really good but it went down hill from there.
My wife got the sturgeon...it was very mucky and fishy.
Also the potatoes and beans that came with it were terrible.
I got the $34 Shrimp and lobster ravioli...the shrimp were friend like friend chicken, which ruined perfectly amazing shrimp.
The ravioli was overcooked and hard.
The sauce also broke.
Overall not worth $123.00

Stopped in for the first time and what a treat.
It's Wednesday night and live music half off oysters and both were fantastic.
Entre was recommended by my server was excellent.
Will definitely be back.

This place is the real deal.
Best oysters in AZ, hands down!
Seafood is fresh and flavorful.
Atmosphere is perfect for location.
I would recommend Cuttlefish to anyone; anywhere; from a business dinner to a first date, or just a night out with friends.
Francesca is a great Hostess.
AJ is a great bartender.
Ask for Gino or Heather, they rock!

I have been to Cuttlefish on two occasions and I must say the place has not disappointed!
The staff from the owner on down has been amazing!
I've tried the Gnocchi, Mac & Cheese with Crab, Albacore, Shrimp and Grits, Branzino and the amazing bread (Squid-ink).
Everything was amazing and done just so.
The portions were generous and the staff gladly split even the most difficult items.
I will definitely be back for round three soon.

Recently stopped in for a quick bite at the bar and had a fantastic meal.
I had actually eaten at Chef Brett's last restaurant in Chicago and I thought his food was good there, but Cuttlefish really showcases his true talents as a really great chef!
I will definitely be back again and again!

We went Saturday night, I though the food was so fresh tasting and delicious highly recommend this place.
Awesome!
A nice welcome to Scottsdale.

I wrote a very honest mostly positive review on Cuttlefish while they were newly opened.
To my surprise the owner felt the need to contact me to come back to enjoy a better meal and make me a fan.
I normally DON'T accept any of these invitations but this one was so sincere and unnecessary I felt different and the truth is if you read my first review all the fish we had was great anyway!
So here's another honest review.
We decide we will have wine with dinner.
We didn't order the Silver Oak but we did notice the $90.
price wasn't much of a mark up because it sells for $75.
at the store and were very impressed with that because many other restaurants mark the wine bottles at double or better.
They started us off with delicious warm squid ink bread and olive bread served with a fresh herb garlic butter that was scrumptious.
We started with a Caesar Salad and a Pappardelle.
The salad was good and fresh with house cured fish and a thin bright with fresh lemon dressing adorned with crisp made of cheese.
The Pappardelle really totally exceeded my expectations.
The beef was melt on your mouth tender and was full of flavor.
The pasta was spot on perfect and the sauce was delicious.
This is a Five star dish.
Both the White Sturgeon and the Wild Halibut were prepared to perfection.
The Halibut maybe the most unforgiving of fish was Moist but cooked threw and tasty with a nice crust on it.
This dish came with a side of stuffed gnocchi.
The gnocchi were very light perfect pillows that were covered in a tasty light truffle cream sauce that anybody would like.
The Sturgeon had this really outstanding presentation with tiny pretty supreme blood orange segments adorning the pesto crusted fish.
Perfect cooked sun chokes.
The White Bean and lava stew was excellent too.
Service was OUTSTANDING as we were checked on all threw dinner by our waiter Matt and other servers and were also made to feel very welcome by the manager.
In the end I can't say anything needed improvement.
Everything was very good.
The Fish was all prepared perfect.
The pastas were excellent and perfect.
Everything tasted great and service was outstanding.
I will return and recommend.

Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.
Service was attentive and food was great!

I wanted to be able to love this place; there are few seafood restaurants in town.
When we first arrived, there was no host/hostess at the front entry stand.
Customers seemed confused as to where to go.
In between serving tables, the servers seated us.
The staff needs to be better trained, as they knew little about the menu.
Examples: My friend asked what the seasonal vegetables were, and the response was, "Well they change all the time.
"  Of course they do, which is why we were asking what they were on THAT day.
Even if he didn't know, we would have preferred he went to check.
We were offered dessert, no menu or tray, just told about them.
That's okay but not when the server offers you a "Napolean" (& you clearly repeat back, we'll take the "Napoleon") but when it arrives, it looks NOTHING like it - it is actually "Neapolitan" ice cream.
Oops!
We didn't feel like educating or arguing.
Also we ordered the Lump Crab Stuffed Zucchini Blossoms, but they ran out even though we were there for an early dinner.
I ordered an Iced Tea and never once did anyone come around to fill my empty glass, nevermind the water glasses.
I see reviews here about the small portions - I would agree with that but the food was pretty good.
But really this review comes down to overall service.
I have had much better service at much less expensive restaurants.
I was told all about how they were going to expand to Vegas and NY - that's a much tougher crowd than Phoenix, so I would work on training first.
I do think the Vespa oyster bar is cute and unique.
The restaurant has a lot of potential and I hope it gets there.
For now my favorite seafood restaurant in Phoenix/Scottsdale is Eddie V's - perfection!

We really want this restaurant to succeed, but our experience left us wanting more.
We went on a Monday night in early April.
Not many tables filled.
The restaurant decor is very cute and the service is also excellent.
We "get" the menu, but feel the execution falls a bit short.
Not much, but just enough to leave us wanting more.
We only had appetizers.
Started with the pork belly, which were very tasty, but tough.
Pork belly shouldn't be tough.
But the glaze was very tasty.
Then the mussels with chorizo.
The mussels were small, the serving small as well.
The broth was flavorful.
Just missed.
Finally the tuna pops, I think they were called.
Four very small cones with tuna tartar in them.
But too small and not filled completely.
Maybe just an off night, we hoped.
We really want these folks to do well.

The steak was delicious and tender!!
Also the seared albacore sandwich was amazing!!
The sauce was so sweet which suits my taste and the bread they used was delicious.
The squid linguine was delicious with fresh juicy tomatoes and other veggies.
Although the clam linguine was way too oily and the chicken tenders were not tender it was chicken tough, I didn't have much interest in.
Both appetizers crispy cuttlefish and date lollipops were DE- LI- OUS!!!!
I fell in love!!!
The service was great as always and I rate this as 4 star because I really disliked the oily clam linguine and "chicken finger was tough"!!!
I really look forward to coming back!!!!

I was really excited to have a new seafood restaurant in Scottsdale but was very underwhelmed with the food at cuttlefish.
I loved the atmosphere..
But every dish I ordered was just okay.
We shafted with the king crab Bloody Mary cocktail..
Flavor was great but crab was fishy, we had oysters which were also a little fishy, tuna appetizer was tiny and over priced.
Mussels were the only thing we got that was actually delicious.
Lobster ravioli was good but not anything too special.
I will try one more time as I always give places 2 chances because you never know if they are having an off night.

Outstanding oysters on the half shell.
Italian themed seafood dishes.
A little on the pricey side,but excellent service, food and presentation

Gino was our waiter and despite the fact that he is from New York, he made us feel special even if we are from Boston.
The food was out standing.
Highly recommend.

Had a romantic dinner here on a Friday night.
The staff was pleasant and knowledgable.
The atmosphere was comfortable and chic.
The food was delicious.
We started with the cuttlefish, it was light tasty and soft not chewy.
We also had the beet and goat cheese salad - delicious.
I had the seared scallops with gnocchi again delicious.
My partner had the lobster ravioli even more delicious.
As you can tell we loved the place and food.
We will definitely go back.

Was recently here on a Saturday night.
If I could rate as 2 1/2 stars I would do so!
Ordered Silver Oak - out, was going to order Sturgeon which was on the on-line menu, out, ordered Lobster Tails fra-davialo again on-line menu, out, settles for the Branzino, actually two of us at the table ordered the branzino, tasteless.
Two ordered veal chops and both were pretty good, another ordered the seafood stew, portion was small especially for a man.
Caesar salad was great, cuttlefish app was ok.
The biggest complaint.....the tables are crammed in making the noise so loud we could not hear each other across the table.
Seriously we could not hear what one another were saying.
Also we asked about the air conditioning 4 times before taking shifts and walking outside to cool off.
Might try it again but might not!

We went here with high hopes based on a favorable recommendation.
We ended up going in for happy hour before heading to another event, and initially figured we would make plans to return some other time for a full dinner based on the menu.
After the disappointment of the happy hour, we will not be returning.
We were joined by someone who had been there before, and she recommended the fish and chips.
What we all received was overcooked breading and halfway decent waffle fries.
If you like battered batter, then this is the place for you.
If you want fish, I would strongly suggest going somewhere else.

I had been beyond ecstatic to try Cuttlefish, One of the things that I miss the most about living in Los Angeles is the abundance of fresh, high quality seafood.
So needless to say every single time I drove past Cuttlefish the same thought went through my mind "I REALLY need to try that place".
They had fresh oysters, and a bar with vespa seats, how could it NOT be good?!
So finally the opportunity came knocking at my door and I jumped at it.... Dinner at cuttlefish, youbetcha!
This evening we walked into Cuttlefish and the place was empty.
The waiter/host/still not sure who he was, told us to find a seat and he would be out with a menu.
No real warm welcome, it was kind of shocking.
So we sat down outside since it was a 80 something degree evening in Arizona in May.
We ordered a bottle of wine and then a bottle of Champagne came out, thankfully we noticed before he had opened it.
Then we come to find out that they were out of both of the other bottles of wine we wanted.
Finally we found one that was available (woo-hoo!
), We ordered half a dozen oysters on the half shell, 3 of each of the two varieties they had.
The oysters themselves were beyond fresh and flavorful.
The large kumamoto oysters they had were so yummy and fresh it was like eating butter.
The only down fall was that in every single bite I got huge pieces  of shell.
For dinner I had the Branzino with tomatoes, pine nuts and olives.
The plate arrived it was a plate of two thin filets of perfectly cooked Branzino with super crispy skin.
The tomato sauce with pine nuts and olives was a perfect pairing with the fish.
My friend ordered the halibut, the crust on the top was super yummy but the fish was slightly overcooked and wasn't as tender as it should have been.
I will say that service was absolutely wonderful, our waiter was knowable, friendly, and discreet.
While my visit wasn't as stellar as I had read, I wonder If I happened to just come on an off evening, For a dinner costing over $150.00, I just expected a bit more.

Met some friends here for a reunion style dinner.
Checked out the reviews before making the trip and figured it should be fun.
When you walk in they have an oyster bar right in front and you sit on scooters with license places from all over the world.
Not your jam, that's ok. Go sit at the bar or grab a table.
We sat at the bar while waiting for everyone to show up.
Ordered a couple drinks and yelp kindly delivered us a free cuttlefish appetizer.
Which was actually very delicious.
Everyone showed up and we moved the party to the patio.
Ordered a couple more appetizers and a couple more drinks.
I ordered a Caesar salad with their special anchovy an I was severely disappointed.
It was boring and lacked a true Caesar taste.
For dinner I had the lamb, it was cooked right and besides all the fat was also pretty delicious.
The sauce was excellent.
Everyone in the party seemed happy with their meals & the other appetizers.
It's a nice place but since I'm not an oyster guy I don't think I can really complete this review so I'll leave that up to you.
It's a little pricey but you'll know that by the reviews & where it's located.

Do NOT go here on Restaurant week.
Advertised that had a dozen oysters for appetizer.
When get there, had drawn a line over the "dozen.
"  Ended up being 1/2 dozen.
My wife ordered pork belly: they were out, at 8:00 on a Sat, it wasn't busy at all.
No wait to be seated.
Given wine list that was outdated and didn't have the wine I requested.
Dessert looked great, but tasted well below average.
Nothing compares to the "entree.
"  What a disappointment.
My wife and I both ordered the same thing: prawns & lobster ravioli.
I felt like I was getting pun'k.
The entree included 2 of the prawn shrimp, and 3 regular-sized ravioli.
5 total pieces of food.
I paid the $125 bill, went across the street to a Tavern bar, and ate a $5 chicken quesadilla during their reverse happy hour.
The quesadilla was much better and more filling than Cuddlefish.
Don't go to this restaurant.
Don't know if was just because restaurant week of $40/person, or that is their regular size plates, but I'm never going back to find out.
Waiter was fine though, just food disappointing.

I went here for my anniversary A.
Because I LOVE seafood and B.
Because it was on the list for Restaurant week.
$40 per person sounded like a great deal!
It was my first time here and I wasn't all that impressed.
I like the laid back atmosphere and the staff is friendly but the food portions are a joke.
I am not sure if it was just because it was a special menu??
Either way the amount of food we got was NOT worth $40.
It didn't even taste all that great.
Maybe the prices are so high to cover the cost of flying their seafood in 6 days a week but for me it wasn't worth it.
We left hungry and went home and ate.
It was an experience to say the least.

Love this place!!!!
Always great fresh seafood and staff is always super friendly and on point ....
If you love oysters this is the place to be!
Great happy hour everyday and there half off oyster night on Wednesday is awesome!

I went to cuttlefish during restaurant weekend expecting them to be busy and not so attentive, but The service I received was outstanding.
The servers made sure I had everything I ordered.
The food was amazing.
I can't wait to come back and try something new on their menu!!!

3.5 stars  Restaurant Week dinner, party of two.
Happy discovery - with a Yelp check in, free appetizer of fried cuttlefish!
(Similar to calamari but more tender, $12.00 value!
)  The place is very clean and well appointed.
Service is attentive but not annoying.
As for décor - I enjoyed the novelty of Vespas instead of stools at the raw bar.
We each opted for the  1/2 dozen oysters on the half shell.
While I neglected to ask the breed of oyster, they were too small to be Gulf, and too large to be N Atlantic - so the guess is Pacific NW.
Very fresh and tasty.
Neither of us could decide between "Petrale Sole = Heirloom Tomato + White Bean Ragout" and "Lemon Prawns & Lobster Ravioli = Pan Roasted Prawns + Lemon Caper Reduction + Lobster Ravioli + Lobster Bisque Cream Sauce" - so we ordered one of each and split them.
The sole was well cooked, very delicate and the tomato and bean ragout was lovely - lots of fresh ribbons of basil; very fresh and light - complimented the fish well.
The lobster ravioli was insanely good - too bad there were only 3 mid-size ravioli to split up.
Super rich, great flavor and texture - incredibly well conceived dish with just the right amount of bisque.
The shrimp were the letdown of the night - nothing wrong with them, just bland and plain and nothing memorable.
For dessert, I was all about the neopolitan panna cotta and my friend loves tiramisu.
Sadly, there was no tiramisu as listed on the Restaurant Week menu, it was a chocolate cake instead.
Both desserts were tasty, but neither was amazing.
All in all, it was a very enjoyable meal, I am glad we went.
Truly, no complaints.
And while there are a lot of items that sound really good on the regular menu, the price point is high enough and I don't know that I was blown away enough to venture so far from home for an above-average meal.
I'd go farther for an AMAZING meal, but this just didn't rank quite that high.
If I am in the general vicinity and in the mood for seafood, I would not hesitate to go back, I just don't feel it is good enough to go out of my way.

We went here for restaurant week and my birthday dinner on Tuesday.
After previewing the menu I was looking forward to what I thought would be a mind blowing dinner, but it ended up being 3 1/2 stars.!
I will commend them for the decor and ambiance of the restaurant, but....
The service needs some sprucing up if they expect to survive.
I was the first to arrive out of our party of 6 and decided to grab a drink at the bar.
The female bartender casually greeted me and within a couple minutes helped me decide on a drink.
Now the problem I have is that once she took my drink order it took her about 8 minutes to make it!
Apparently answering the phone twice was way more important than a thirsty customer at the bar.
Eh, moving on...  Once everyone arrived we sat down and were greeted by our server who seemed a tad frazzled but helpful.
Drinks arrived and everyone was happy, but during our hour and half dinner service we never got our water refilled.
The food was pretty good-  First course - Oysters (1/2 dz with 2 of each size sm, med, bigger med.
) Fresh and delicious just wanted more : 0 Pork Belly - small flavorful nuggets of pork that were spot on but the Gnocchi was completely missing from the plate (at least give me a heads up if your not going to give me a dish as described on the menu)  2nd Course -  Lemon Prawns and Lobster Ravioli -  This was the highlight of the night.
Lobster Ravioli was perfect.
The prawns seemed to have a slight breading on them which I thought was unnecessary but I still enjoyed it.
Short Rib and Polenta - The short rib was tender but the entire dish lacked salt.
Luckily there was a salt shaker on the table!
3rd course- Dessert...Disappointing.
They were out of the Tiramisu and were offering chocolate layer cake instead that seemed to come from Frys.
It was dense chocolate cake with layers of chocolate mousse but one friend in our party had NO chocolate mousse layer.
Panna Cotta - texture is right but absolutely no flavor and again missing the shortbread cookie as described on the menu.
Hopefully they can fix some of the errors because I would love to go back for a few of the dishes I saw on the regular menu.

Mmmm!
A friend and I decided to try this place during AZ Restaurant Week, because we could never afford the menu otherwise.
The atmosphere and modern yet, dark and cozy.
The shiny blue tiles on the walls gave it a shimmering "sea" affect and the tables were an elegant dark wood.
I've never seen an oyster bar quite like the one that greets you when you walk in the front door.
It's a half circle and the seats are Vespa type scooters, with the brake lights on.
The oysters were awesome, and I loved the atomic horseradish and blood orange mignonette that came with them.
It was fun to create each oyster bite a different way!
We also tried the seared pork belly with figs appetizer - so sweet!
These were four small pork belly "bites" with intense fig flavor.
My friend gobbled her Lemon Prawns and Lobster Ravioli dish and kept dreaming about it days later.
I had the Braised Short Ribs with a dreamy, creamy polenta.
The meat had the perfect "melt in your mouth" quality it's supposed to and the Barollo Wine gave it a nice flavor.
Dessert was panna cotta and tiramisu, both enjoyable but I'm not much of a dessert person to comment.
The waiter offered me a chocolate cake instead of the tiramisu and I said yes, but I guess he forgot and brought me the tiramisu anyhow.
He was attentive, but I did sense an air of ignorance from him once he realized we weren't drinking and intended to order from the Restaurant Week prix fixe menu, but maybe that was in my head.
Overall it's worth checking out for some tasty seafood.
I might be back for oysters during happy hour!

A ok it is.
I thought the food was all good- but not great.
I was NOT impressed with the portion sizes, and would have preferred a bit more food in my tummy when I left.
But it was ok.

So excited I finally got to try this place!
It's been on my list for awhile now.
I went with a coworker right after work.
No wait!
It was fantastic.
We started with the cuttlefish and cioppino.
I HIGHLY recommend the cuttlefish.
It was similar to calamari, very tender and delicious.
The cioppino was good, filled with fish great value for 10$.
Main course I had the scallops.
It came with three large scallops they were perfectly cook, just a tad bit salty.
Beyond the food our server Gino was absolutely AMAZING.
I would come back just to see Gino.
He made me feel at home, like I was having a family dinner with all my family back home.
You could tell he genuinely enjoyed his job and was more than willing to help.
Gino gets five stars!
I definitely would recommend this place to friends and family a must try.

We were impressed with this restaurant.
The difference between 4 and 5 stars in this case is that our waitress with from one to three tables containing a maximum of eight diners was not very attentive.
She was friendly, pleasant, helpful, etc but we didn't see her much.
We came in during lunch and it took about 90 minutes for lunch.
I had the cuttlefish which was very good and the Caesar salad which was not so good, the greens were chewy and the dressing boring.
My wife loved the beet and goat cheese salad and the prawn cocktail.
Friends had sandwiches and liked them.
We had gelato for dessert.
It was very good.
I had wine and chose a good one by the glass.
The place was a little expensive but not outrageous except that $9 for a dessert seems high.
We will definitely go back.
It has many menu items we want to try

Dear Cuttlefish,    I am sorry we got off on the wrong foot...
I was all wrong about you!
I am so happy that I decided to give you a second chance, and you beyond redeemed yourself!
If you read my first review I didn't have such a stellar experience, It wasn't bad per say but it wasn't what I was expecting!
So, I was hoping that the second time around would be better and it was!
This time around we went and ordered another bottle of my now favorite wine Sexual Chocolate, it's a Syrah - Zinfandel blend and it's frankly to die for.
The bottle runs around $65.00 and they offer it by the glass as well at I believe $16.00.
This go around we decided to order an assortment of their appetizers, and I was frankly blown away by nearly all of them.
The only one I wouldn't order again would be the Spicy Tuna Pops.
The tuna itself was amazing, super fresh and really flavorful.
The waffle cone that it arrived in didn't exactly compliment the fish.
Other items that we ordered and LOVED were the dozen oysters, we got an assortment of the oysters they had that particular day and they were fresh and this time around there wasn't a trace of shell in any of the oysters!
WOOHOO!
The Crispy Cuttlefish was one of my fav items that evening - The only way to describe it is that it is very similar to calamari but frankly it's better than calamari.
It doesn't have that rubbery texture to it and it was fried to perfection and the lemon aioli was the perfect compliment to it.
Cuttlefish's take on a wedge salad is what dreams are made of!
I love wedge salads but I usually am not a huge fan of the iceberg lettuce since it really has zero taste or nutritional value to it.
The bibb lettuce was a welcome change of pace and the crispy pancetta, and avocado was a nice  addition.
The pork  belly, the Carlsbad Mussels, Shrimp and grits I could just go on and on!
Had the opportunity to meet Joey one of the owners who was very friendly, and I was really impressed when I learned that he actually cooks in the kitchen there.
I love that he is a hands on owner and it shows that he has a real investment in the establishment!
Def worth checking out if your in the mood for some fabulous seafood, and if you love oysters and champagne Wednesday's are 1/2 priced oysters and champagne nights and they had some great live music!

