I'm so happy!
No more drives to Tempe for my fix...
Awesome burgers...nice, big, new location!

First time to any Smashburger.
Figured one that just opened would be at the top of their game...
I sure hope that's not the case for the chain though, as it really wasn't that great.
Went on a Tuesday evening around 7.
Place was pretty dead.
Cashier was friendly and on the ball.
Ordered a Classic Smash with a side salad and an Arizona Grilled Chicken, extra lettuce & no guacamole, also with a side salad.
Took a while for the order to come out which was kinda weird... but it's worth the wait for non-heatlamp food.
Around 8 minutes from payment to food.
Got home and saw my sandwich had guacamole (and a TON of it btw, don't need an ice cream scoop worth!
) and... no extra lettuce.
It's on the receipt so I know the cashier got it but obviously the cooks don't pay attention (or don't care?).
Otherwise it was ok.
Nothing that blew us away... just another boring cookie-cutter fast food burger place.
I'd put the food quality on par with Sonic maybe?
Not a slight against either; we love our Sonic.
But when you're spending $20 on two people for a pair of sandwiches... it better be damn good.
Go to the Habit or Five Guys instead if you want a REAL burger for this price range :)

Very good burgers and great customer service.
I've only been there once and I'm sure I will be back again..

I just went to smash burger for the first time and I'm completely disappointed..
I order an Oreo milkshake for over $4 and the dude behind the counter keeps half of it in his own cup!
Not cool.. After that display of total disrespect, I won't be back

Burgers are great but the salads are too small to make a meal out of.
Sweet potato fries, regular fries, and veggie fries are great too.
The veggie fries are super oily so I don't know if they are actually any healthier than regular fries, and the regular/sweet potato fries are more delicious.
I don't recall there being any outdoor seating which is sort of a bummer, but it's still a good place to grab a quick bite to eat during the work week.

The food is delicious and fast service.
The workers here are great and even funny at  Highly recommend this location..
Parking is a little tight though.
The bathroom is the cleanest fast food bathroom I have ever seen.
Nice to see for an eating establishment.

A little more than I would like to spend on a burger in fries.
LOL, but they gotta pay the bills.

This was the 2nd time I've been here and both were great experiences.
Customer service was fantastic, the staff seems to like their jobs and the burger was great.
My only complaint is the Cobb salad was pretty plain, meaning there were a few ingredients on it but small amounts.
Otherwise, this place was.pretty darn good!

No complaints from me.
:-)   I walked to the counter (it's cafeteria sytle...fine by me) was greeted cheerfully (but not obnoxiously so...love that), ordered the avacado and bleucheese chicken club and a hand spun butterfinger strawberry milkshake (yummy!
) and seated myself.
The sandwich was good, especially with the added bleu cheese.
I enjoyed my meal while playing Hay Day on my phone (love that game!
) I'll definitely be back .

I was in AZ on vacation and had planned to eat at several nice restaurants, but as we drove by smash burger we had to give it a try.
We liked it so much we ate it twice in one week.
It was hot fresh and delish.
It's a fast food place but the staff is very friendly.

Great service at the counter, very reasonable prices, delicious burgers and fries served quickly, great service on the way out!

