I can dig it.
Ate here Xmas day and wasn't expecting much but in fact it was reall Good.
I enjoyed the rice a lot.
I am a rice expert and this rice was excellent.
I'll be back.

My family and I ate here yesterday and were very pleased!
It's a small restaurant between Grabba Green and Rubios.
There is a lot of foot traffic in the area so sitting on the patio gave us some good people watching.
I ordered the gyro and my husband ordered Combo #1 with beef and chicken.
It was delicious!!!
The meat in my gyro was sooooo tender and flavorful.
The sauce went very well with everything and the pita was nice and soft.
I couldn't have asked for more.
My husbands combo was also very delicious.
All the meat was seasoned perfectly and the rice would be great all on its own.
I am so pleased with this place I plan to go back today.
I hope it stays around for a long time and that people in the area help support this small business.

Great place.
Came in Friday for lunch.
The owners were EXTREMELY polite.
They gave me samples of hummus and garlic dip.
I will be back weekly!

I went to Aladdin's for lunch and had the chicken shawarma plate and the baba ghanouj.
The chicken was lovingly spiced and prepared by this smiling woman of ethnic decent.
I enjoyed my plate: chicken, rice, some cucumbers, onions and tomatoes.
The garlic sauce tied in everything nicely.
The baba was pretty good- you can't go wrong with roasted eggplant dip.
In an area with few ethnic places to choose from, Aladdin's was a nice change of pace.
I hope they make it in there- the parking can be tricky as there are several places in that section of the center.
I would come back again.

I'm so happy I discovered Aladdin!
The food was great, and the people who helped me (I assume they're the owners) were extremely friendly.
What more can you ask for?
Might be my new favorite place to go when I'm feeling lazy, but want something quick and delicious to eat.

Found this place via Groupon and very happy with the $30 for $15 deal I purchased.
This is right down the street from my house, almost right next to Twin Peaks, directly next to the Skeptical Chemist but never knew it was there.
Very happy I tried it and will definitely visit on a regular basis now.
Prices are great and the gyro meat was delicious.
The falafel was outstanding too.
Very clean inside with only a few tables inside but also a few tables outside.
The staff/ owners were extremely friendly and nice, which made for a great first impression.
I will be going back here a lot!

I chanced about this place quite accidentally and am glad to be able to add an additional place in the list of greek places to eat.
I ordered the chicken shwarma plate and baba ghanoush.
The food was well seasoned and cooked fresh in front of me.
The helping size is decent but might seem slightly on the higher price range , given it looks like  a take out place .
It may however be a while before I am back since I do not eat beef and chicken options are limited.

Delicious!!
I had the chicken shawarma plate.
The chicken was very tender and well spiced, and my husband said his gyro was the best he ever had.
We both cleaned the plate.
It is a small mom and pop place, very casual, great for lunch.
Other patrons praised the food while we were there.
We will be back frequently!

Pretty decent food but very dry.
Both the gyro and falafel sandwich were small portioned but lacked any type of moisture.
Once I finish using my Groupons, I will not return though the person (owner) running the register was very pleasant.

Read all the good reviews so I figured I would try it out.
I have tried the gyro:  overcooked and not very good, the chicken shwarama:  just plain old stuff and not very good, and the jalapeno hummus which was average but the pita with it was like cardboard - thin and stale.
No way is this place even an average Greek/Mediterranean place.

Nice little Mediterranean spot in the neighborhood.
Had the Gyros and fries both were excellent.
Like the thin cut McDonald's style fries.
Made fresh to order with fresh ingredients.

