SOME People with strollers annoy me!
Sorry.
Ok, that's out the way.
This festival could be more fun if #1 the vendors didn't run out of candy and #2 the lines weren't so long at the vendors/ballons  that had candy.
#3 there were more events/games than bouncy houses!
It is Halloween... Fall... a Festival.... how about games of some sort of skill (potato sack racing, obstacle courses, etc!!!
), things you would expect at a Fall Harvest Festival.
We got there at about 5:10, so we did not experience all of the parking issues that others did.
But I can imagine that it was awful considering we waited in line and there were about 15 cars in the area at the time when we were parking.
The KICKER?
1 Adult and 2 kids... $50 spent without any food, w/o any real drinks!
Radio disney was a bright spot.
Wow, the energy of the staff was awesome.
I didn't know that the radio Disney had a local staion on the AM band.
I listen to satellite radio,  but that is good info to know.
Tethered hot air balloon rides were nice.
I'm over this event.
Sorry, I tried to like it, but just could not get past the fact that it is advertised as a place to trick or treat BUT the treats were in short supply.
I wouldn't go back to this again.

This event needs a total makeover if they are ever going to do it again.
Horrible parking, badly organized, and not what was expected from a Halloween event.
Where were the games?
5-6 things for kids under 5 to do.
Basically this was an event to see tethered balloons with some food.
Not even worth the 1/2 price tickets.
I feel bad for anyone who paid full price.

This event was a major disappointment.
We were looking for a fun family event and instead it was badly organized chaos.
The parking was horrible and took us about 45 minutes to get parked.
The food vendors were few and all lines were long.
We gave up on the funnel cake after 15 minutes.
It was nothing like it's advertisement - there was barely any candy for the kids, or any activities for little ones.
Save your money and go to a local community event at a church or something because you and your kids dressed in their costumes will experience nothing but frustration at this one.

This might be the worst event I have ever been to, hands down.
The parking was ridiculous (took almost 45 min to get in and we still had to walk through the desert), the candy and trick or treating was pathetic, and it was way too crowded.
It literally reminded me of the State Fair without rides, the highlight being the fry bead.
It was so poorly organized they didn't even have near enough tables for people to eat at so everyone was just sitting in the grass where people were trying to walk, making visiting the booths and hot air balloons nearly impossible.
There was literally nothing for my 2 1/2 year old daughter to do, and if I let her walk around, she would have been lost in the sea of people.
Oh, and what a joy waiting 10 min in line to get one piece of crappy candy, I was so annoyed I could have screamed.
The hot air balloons were nice to look at for about 10 min and it would have been easier to see them from outside the stadium in my car.
Overall, this event sucked, period.
If they do this event next year I hope people do their research before wasting their time going to this.
So frustrating.

I agree with the reviews I read, poor poor event, I would complain to someone, but who?
$40 to get in to look at balloons being pulled down by 730pm.
I didnt know it would be over at 730, yep, the candy was long gone, the ballooners were out, the lame haunted house, another $5 each was well, lame.
one person jumped out at us.
The food vendors were backed up, 10 minute wait for FRENCH FRIES.
No fun at all, except my teenagers liked the live boy band at the end.
Well they were boys and mine are girls and they played rock and roll.
Who wouldn't like them!
That was the only redeeming factor in an otherwise drab night.
Who was that band?
One Two open?
something like that.

I agree with all of the reviews on here.
This "festival" is not worth attending and we will be skipping it next year.
The parking is atrocious.
We ended up having to illegally exit the parking lot just to be able to get out of the parking lot within three hours, seriously!
Additionally, the whole festival is a lawsuit waiting to happen as these balloons are not secured and a good wind will send one of them coming down to the ground or crushing a kid.
There's way more people in this place than it can hold safely and on top of that there is very little to no organization to the event.
Overall just a terrible experience.

I won free tickets to Saturday's event and still was disappointed.
It took me nearly an hour to get into the parking.
Once inside it was dark, only lighting from booths and balloons.
There was no signage or handout as to where things were.
Only a few balloons had candy left and none of the booths did.
We quickly decided to leave but had gotten turned around as to where the exit was.
It took at least 10 minutes of walking along the chain link fence before we found an exit.
Heaven forbid if there was an emergency and we needed to leave.
The only good thing I can say was we enjoyed the fireworks but not from the event, we left went to Starbucks and then watched from a nearby parking lot!
Never again.

