Came in for a new look, walked away with a slicked back part straight out of the 50's.
Never had a better-fitting haircut.
Best part was the straight razor shave finish on the neck.
Hell of a deal for only $15.

This place is awesome!
Jimmy is a real cool dude.
This is the cleanest haircut I've had in a while.
I highly recommend this barbershop.

After years of going from one haircut chain to another, I have found a perfect local place.
James is awesome!
The shop is comfortable and clean.
The 50's decor is worth stopping by just to have a look.
I love sitting and getting a cut while looking out at the palm trees outside.
For the first time, I look forward on getting a hair cut.
You can really tell this is a dream come true for James and he takes great pride in what he does.
I'm telling everyone I know about his place!

Here's the "411" on Jimmy's Barbershop:  It is a real, honest-to-goodness, no phony baloney man's barbershop,  run by a real, honest-to-goodness barber who knows his stuff.
Best haircut I've had in years.
Not over-amped.
Low key "man's place".
No dodging curling irons, none of that stuff that bothers you when all you want is a haircut, not a "style".

Awesome experience!
My husband, 6 year old and 2 year old all got the best haircuts.
It was my 2 year olds first haircut and Jimmy and his wife made it magical.
Could not ask for a better neighborhood barber!

Great price and great service.
Would recommend to everybody.
Same price as those haircut chains but much better haircut and you finish with a straight razor shave on the neckline.
Just moved over to this side of town and Jimmy gives the best old school business cut.

Went up to see what Jimmy's was about and found a barber for life.. Great guy and awesome cut.
The nostalgia and the back east feel was perfect.. Jimmy is a great guy and if you get a chance give him a try you won't be disappointed.

Jimmy's is excellent!
I can't help but to describe it as "cute" although I'm sure Jimmy would prefer a more rugged and manly description.
Jimmy is currently the only barber so you'll be serviced by the owner.
He's a very friendly guy and has thrilled all of the customers I know of including my husband, father and son.
I can't personally comment on the experience; however, my dad was good as new when Jimmy finished with him.
He was sure to trim up all his overgrown old man areas including his eyebrows, nose, and ears.
He uses a straight razor on the back of the neck for a super clean and straight line.
My 1 1/2 year old son was as handsome as ever after a cut in the super cute vintage red car barber seat.
Usually, he is hysterical during a haircut but Jimmy trimmed him without a single tear shed.
He got some fun sparkly elmo stickers after and Jimmy styled him "barbershop fresh.
"  I would recommend this place to any man, or boy or a cool spot for a fun father, son experience.
Haircuts are $15.
He charges $12 for kids and seniors.
He also does shaves and all sorts of barber shop kinds of things.

Yeah no more Supercuts and getting my hair cut by hairstylists who only know about trimming bangs or turning me into a carrot top.
I made it a point to find a personal barber and not settle on convenience.
The drive is a little further out but learning from my gal friends... you simply have to build a solid relationship with the right barber/hair stylist.
Even if the first cut isn't perfect, when a barber knows your immediate preference, your head, how your hair grows etc... this allows him/her to also improve himself to best fit your needs.
I learned this the hard way unfortunately.
I yelped barberships and Jimmy's did come up.
He was efficient and was attentive to what I needed done for my hair.
For a guy I'm pretty particular with my hair since it grows so fast and I'll always need a cut every 2 weeks or so.
It was a great first haircut and I know going forward with Jimmy he will always have a good grasp of how to cut me.
By the way I totally dig the 50s tunes in the background.
Love the old school feel of the entire barbershop and it's records laid out, retro decor and even the barber shop spinny thing to give it a nice nostalgia feel.
Business is family owned and they have their little one always running around with the puppy.
Just overall cool people and they also offered me water too while I was waiting.
Great stuff!
Would definitely come back!

This place is run by incredibly nice and warm people.
I was offered something to drink as soon as I stepped through the door.
The shop is full of memorabilia, including an adorable refrigerator!
Jimmy and his wife are well traveled and very easy to talk to.
They gave me some great recommendations of bars to check out in LA.
I tend to avoid getting haircuts because I have longer hair on top and shorter sides and almost always end up having it cut shorter than I want.
After listening to what I was going for, Jimmy went to work and I left completely satisfied with the cleanest looking haircut I've had in a long time.
I will definitely be back.

From start to finish there's nothing that should be changed about Jimmy's barbershop.
Every time I walk into Jimmy's I feel welcome.
Jimmy and his family are just some of the warmest people you'll find.
The fact that he's consistently given me the best haircuts I've received EVERY SINGLE time I've gone in makes me refuse to go anywhere else.
You can really tell when someone loves what they do.
At Jimmy's the passion is shown in the enthusiasm, the quality, and the shop itself.
Give it a shot.

Just went in for a quick shave.
Jimmy was quick and on point... Staff in there was amazing.
It is an amazing establishment close to home.
I will definitely keep going there Thank You for the first shave Jimmy... Much respect cheers pal...

The folks at Jimmy's really know how to take care of you!
If you want a old school barber to give you a great cut this is the place.
Usually I know what I want or think I know as in haircuts.
I let Jimmy do whatever he wants cause I trust him.
He knows what looks good on me!
I had hoped to keep this place as my secret spot but Jimmy's too good to be kept a secret.
Glad to have this place in my neighborhood!

My boyfriend went in today and got his cut.Haircut came out very good.
Jimmy does a good job.
he got a line up and a combover.
Very friendly people as soon a you walk in.
i would reccommend jimmys to guys looking for that good clean look.
Plus they sell the sauvicito pomade my boyfriend likes.

This place is the real thing.
Jimmy and his wife are courteous and welcoming.
You're offered a cold beverage as you wait and the interior is set up like a traditional barber shop from the 50's.
If you don't have time to wait you can make an appointment for Monday after 12p.
All other days are walk-ins.
Price is very reasonable and the haircut I received was perfect...just what I asked for.
I strongly recommend anyone looking for a great barber to give Jimmy a try.

Jimmy' is the BEST.
They are extremely friendly and Jimmy takes great pride in giving you the perfect haircut.
While his haircut is wonderful at any price,  being a senior citizen the rate is $12.
OUTSTANDING.
The smell of talc and aftershave as well as the decor makes me feel like I've stepped back to my childhood.

I came in to Jimmy's hoping he could salvage my son's haircut from the previous week from a place that only charges $7.
And indeed he did.
You could tell how much pride Jimmy has in his work/art.
He took his time with my son and fixed the many mistakes the previous place/person made.
I will definitely return to Jimmy's for my son's future haircuts... & I'll be sure to listen to the advice I was given: "No more (insert salon name here)"!

Can not say enough nice things about this place!
Brought my husband here after a family members recommendation.
So decided to see if it would be husband approved and it was!
The owner and his wife can't do enough for you, they immediately make you feel welcomed.
After speaking with his wife as my husband was getting his haircut, I felt as if I'd known them all my life.
Just real neighborly down to earth people.
Which is often hard to find in a big city.
Jimmys exceptional talent and attention to detail really shows in the results of the cut!
He really cares and takes pride in his work!
My husband gave up the military barber at Nellis after almost 19 years and made Jimmys his permanent barber!

Had a great experience today at Jimmy's!
Great family owned business.
Very welcoming and attentive.
I will def be back!

Found Jimmy's on Yelp!
and it did not disappoint, Jimmy was able to sneak me without an appointment and did an excellent job cutting my hair.
Everything was on par with all of the other reviews.
Even the offer of a cold bottle of water while I waited.
I asked Jimmy how many barbers worked there and he said "just one, me!
" That seemed strange to only have one barber until he told me why.
He explained that he does not want a single person walking out of a shop with his name on the front dissatisfied,  so he prefers to do every cut personally himself.
He takes pride in his work and it shows.
In my opinion, you don't see that enough these days.
Very relaxed and comfortable environment.
Jimmy and his wife are very personable and pleasant.
Not to mention very reasonably priced....... Looks like I finally found a barber!

Yelp, you've done it again.
Stopped by 15 minutes ago to get a haircut after months of wild growth and boy, was I lucky to find this place.
I strolled in looking like Chewbacca and was greeted by Jimmy and his wife.
I told him what I wanted and he went to work.
I didn't get to see my haircut until it was done but when he handed me the mirror I was amazed by my haircut.
My hair looks crazy good and it's just how I wanted it.
He's earned another regular customer in me.
The place is about two blocks from where I live, the prices are more than fair, and his work is outstanding.
The place has a very cool retro barbership vibe and it was spotless.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Come get your haircut at Jimmy's.

