The parks revolution has reached the Las Vegas Valley.
It is a revolution of peace and recreation.
Throughout the Las Vegas Valley new parks are marching into vacant spaces.
When the National Park closures were drawing attention, the City of North Las Vegas was finishing up the final touches on the Craig Ranch Regional Park.
This past Friday, Craig Ranch Regional Park, which the media named the Crown Jewel of North Las Vegas, opened its gates.
Always up for peace and recreation,  yesterday I drove from Henderson to explore this 170 acre park.
Being the outdoor enthusiast that I am, my brother and I spent five hours exploring it.
Before discussing Craig Ranch Regional Park I have something to say.
I am so glad that the park revolution resulted in 170 acres of green space instead of one more strip mall on heavily retailed Craig Road.
It is from a heavily retailed Craig Road, where you turn into Craig Ranch Regional Park, in the southwest area of this square shaped park (Lone Mountain Road is the north entrance).
The first attraction you see before entering the park, is the highly acclaimed skateboard park.
Although I am not a skateboarder, this is a well-done facility that is known as one of the best in Nevada.
Headed straight, which is north toward Lone mountain Road, there are the parking lots, active recreation facilities, and doggy facilities.
The active recreation facilities feature basketball courts, a sand volley ball court, youth baseball fields, a dog run and dog park.
After entering the park, and making a right, you see grass and concrete reaching toward a major state-of-the-art playground and two ponds.
Up close there is a major difference between what I call the south and north pond.
The south pond looks like a victim of fertilizer run-off from the golf course days.
The close-by north pond is clean and could have fish.
Ducks are nonexistent.
And it is a good thing considering that a common activity here are kids throwing rocks into the pond.
If kids are not up to throwing rocks in the pond, nearby is a state-of-the-art playground.
If I were to be a kid again, it is here and not Toys R Us that I'd like to be.
Growing up, I never played on playground equipment like this.
There is a splash area.
There are statues that look like a snake, a rabbit, and numerous desert animals.
There is a slide carved from a grassy hill.
There is a tunnel.
There are a couple of themed playgrounds.
Knowing that pictures say a thousand words, I included a few that showcase the playground.
If you were to walk north or east of the playground, the immediate sight is picnic tables.
This is one of the areas with a higher concentration of mature trees.
Pine trees are common here.
There is a want for more tree canopies and shade in this park.
Walking further in either direction, the developed areas give way to acres of grass that are interspersed with shrubs and picnic tables.
It is my understanding that the park planners will facilitate development a pond in the northeast section, an amphitheater, and soccer fields will be built.
The enemy of the parks revolution are vandals.
I observed zero security personal.
With all the energy and money placed in building the park, the threat of graffiti and crime is a concern.
The park had been open two days, and I laid my eyes on two graffiti sights.
Somebody tagged the rocks on top of the slide and inside the men's room near the Cottage picnic area.
If state-of-the-art playgrounds could be built, the exact holds for surveillance systems.
I am so enthusiastic about the parks revolution marching through the Las Vegas Valley, that is creating well-acclaimed parks such as Craig Ranch Regional Park.
When it comes to my days off after a rough week of work, I am willing to give peace a chance.

This new mega park sits on land that used to be Craig Ranch Golf Course.
In the boom times, the City of North Las Vegas purchased the land and drew up some ridiculously grandiose plans (an aquatic center?!).
Unfortunately, the Great Recession hit NLV like Mack truck and many of the plans were scrapped.
Fortunately, there was enough earmarked money left to "complete" the park, with some of the original scraps still in the works.
As such, much of this park looks like an 18 hole golf course with the greens and tees taken out, but many of the fairways are plain as day.
While that might sound like a knock, it actually brings a much welcomed openness to the suburban sprawl that packs as many houses together and jams as much crap into limited park space as possible.
There are still the bells and whistles (i.e.
excellent playgrounds, a skate park, etc.
), but the open trails that weave through expansive green space and scattered trees are the bigger highlight for me.
I am hoping the extensive garden network planned for the north side of park gets completed, but if not, the fields of unblemished grass is fine by me.

I love this park.
Very green very clean as reminds of parks in California.
Everything is perfect you gotta try this park.

What an amazing amount of land.
It used to be a golf course.
Wow.
Has anyone thought about building a disc golf course on the property?
Its very cheap, environmentally friendly, and with that much area could be considered a championship style course if it was designed right.

Beautiful park nestle in the heart of northern Las Vegas.
It's a great place for families to enjoy nature, walking, bicycling and playing on the man-made playground.
Very serene atmosphere.

Great dog park!
Fountains for the dogs, larger fenced in area, two enclosures for large breeds.
The two enclosures are nice for when two dogs don't get along, but neither one wants to go home.
Plenty of trees, grass, and dirt.
Pine comes from the trees litter the area and my dog was sniffing one for a solid five minutes because she's never seen one before.
Picnic tables and benches are all along the perimeter for people to sit while their dogs play.
When I arrived there were at least a dozen well used tennis balls all around so my dog and I could play fetch.
Poo-bags and disposal bins are provided in convenient locations and it is well maintained.
I got some sun on a picnic table while my dog ran with all the others.
Great time!

Great gigantic park.
My 2 year old loves it!
My only complaint it there are always a ton of teenagers taking up the prime play areas so it's a little awkward to let my little one play on everything.
Waiting around for them to move on is nearly impossible since they are there to stay at chat on things my kid just wants to play on real quick and move on.
Other than that it's a great park.
Lots and lots to do and great exercise since it's so huge!
There are unfortunately some shady characters that hang around.
I blame the area surrounding the park.
One day I took my kid and there were grown adults playing on everything.
They looked very tweeked out.
Freaked me out and ruined our time there.
The park is great.
The people who hang around not so much :/

This park was very busy on a Saturday afternoon.
While I am fond that everyone is outside playing and taking their kids out for some exercise, I hated the fact that the park was so full.
This park has a lot of wide open spaces, but most of the grass is dead.
There is tennis, basketball, and a skate park from what I personally saw myself.
None of the basketball courts were open!
The playground is huge; it had a lot of playthings that were new to me, including a small rock climbing area.
I like that the park has recycling and trash bins next to each other.
The bathrooms that are far from the children's playground were very clean and orderly.
I can't comment about the bathrooms close to the playground, as I chose not to go to those.
Nevertheless, this is a decent park, I just think that it's way too crowded.

I am so happy this park opened.
The area needed such a great place.
Yes,  it gets crowded on the weekends, but during the school week there are a few joggers, dog walkers heading to one of the 3 dog parks, and a few moms playing with their little ones in the unique parks.
Love the lake and occasionally seeing the bred hawk!
The raised garden bed plots open March 1.
My only complains are the occasional graffiti  (but they take care of it quickly) and the weeds popping up all over.
You constantly see busy workers taking care of the grounds & bathrooms  I enjoy coming here and can't wait for the next construction phase to begin to see what else they do!

I just relocated to the North Las Vegas area to help out with family.
Coming from Michigan where there are plenty of parks, lakes and places to let my dog run, I was concerned I'd have to drive out to the mountains to find a decent place for my puggle.
But my dad told me that a new park had opened up and it had a dog park.
Craig Ranch Regional Park has several dog parks for all different sizes and activities.
I take my puggle to the small dog park, but he could just as well fit in with the medium and large-sized dogs in the other parks.
We go there at least once a week and he loves to just get out and run!
This park is awesome and so much more than what I had originally expected.
There is something to offer to everyone in this park.
Just this past weekend the Garden Center opened with 62 plots to rent for the year.
We rented one and have already filled it with garlic, onions, watermelon, strawberries, brussel sprouts, cauliflower, bell pepper and tomato plants.
We're even considering renting a second plot.
There are still plenty available.
There are beginner and advanced gardeners in there daily helping out one another.
I have yet to explore all the different playgrounds within the park, but have promised my niece we would check them all out.
There are also pavilions to reserve for parties.
This is definitely a happening place!

Fantastic dog park!
I really liked this park...we didn't get to explore the whole thing but what we saw we liked.
We spent most of our time in the large dog area (there were 2!).
We passed the small dog area coming in, not sure if there were more than one.
So nice with lots of shade from trees, seating available on benches and picnic tables.
All of the dogs and humans we encountered were very friendly.
The water fountains inside the fenced area were a little gross, maybe clogged or something but the water worked.
We walked around the park a bit as well.
The children's play area was packed (it was Sunday) but it looked awesome, ropes and slides and tunnels.
If I'm in the area again, I will definitely go back.

After an hour-long boxing class, my friend and I decide to check the new park out.
To our convenience, it is directly across the street from UFC Gym N. Las Vegas!
I had no clue this park existed until my friend mentioned it opened a few months ago.
She had stated that it used to be a golf course/range, which is why it is so spacious!
We planned on "running" around the cement trail, but we ended up walking and playing in the different playgrounds they had!
We were like CURIOUS LITTLE BABIES!
Lol.
Some cool things the park has to offer: -Grass!
Green grass just gives off a better vibe!
Like we are ONE WITH NATURE!
-Slides: there are about 3 huge slides I saw.
Not the regular plastic tube slides, but the slides that we used to have in our Bay Area playgrounds as kids.
The ones that require a CARDBOARD BOX!
Holler if you know what I mean!
Lol -"Upside down turtle swing": We obviously didn't know if there was a certain name for this swing, but it was amazing.
You can just lay down on the swing and pretend you're a turtle fell on his shell and can't get up!
-Rope Jungle Gyms: These were pretty neat and extensive!
I could barely climb on one rope!
-Flower Playground: So pretty!
This area was full of large flowers made of that sturdy playground material.
Perfect for TAG!
There are so much more things/playgrounds/areas this park has to offer!
We will definitely be back for a "RUN" soon!
Check it out if you're in the area!

its a nice park but on easter sunday we had to run for are lives some gang bangers shot the park up

This is far and away the most incredible park I have seen.
Glorious grassy expanses, skate park, basketball courts, sand volleyball court, lovely hiking trails and insanely cool playgrounds.
It's an amazing spot for kids- with multiple play areas that range from toddler-friendly mini houses to intricate rope towers that are intriguing enough for teenagers.
But this park also seems to make adults happy.
This morning at least 3 adult strangers told me what a lovely day it was- just out of nowhere!
A true rarity in Las Vegas...I wish I could bottle up the good feelings at Craig Ranch park and take them with me!

Great dog park ...
Always several puppies to play with ... Could use some shade but people and puppies are super friendly...

After driving from LA to here, it was refreshing to find a park that is operated by the city and is actually clean when we arrived.
There was another group that used the facility in the early morning, however, the staff came and cleaned the grilled, cleaned up all trash and changed the trash liners and then actually wiped down with a towel and spray bottle of disinfectant all the tables.
This park is awesome.

This is an awesome park!!
It is huge and it has great areas to grill and hang out.
It also has a great dog park!
Lots of people and lots of things to see and enjoy.
The skatepark is a decent size and brings all walks of people.
If you are looking to bar-b-que, take your dog for an adventure,  skate, chill out, or just people watch this is a great park to come to!

