I am so glad this restaurant reopened.
This version is even better if you can believe it.
Looks very modern sleek/sexy.
Open air bar is amazing.
Food is as amazing as ever.....so consistent......  Look forward to trying some of the new menu items although on my first visit went back to my old faithful.....
Diavola!!!!!!
(Spicy Pepperoni) for the novice.....
Although the market was not yet open, it too looks very inviting.
Can't wait to try it.
POMO .....
Welcome Back.

Watch out fellow Scottsdale pizza joints, P.O.M.O is baaaaack!
5 stars nuf said, we couldn't wait till TGIF as the plan was pizza perfection or bust tonite.
The place was bustling and from my tip you know what's up when there's a 45min - 1hr wait at 6:30pm despite having what felt like a tripling of the previous square footage!
Indeed the same high ceiling open kitchen welcomed us and the bling'd out almost floor to ceiling oven easily demands a double take.
Families with kids or large groups can also enjoy the spacious outdoor patio equipped with chic flame lit tables and padded couch seating.
Hands down, go big or go home, so we went with two of our faves and despite knowingly not having the capacity to finish both, we definitely wanted and needed to have leftovers...yah it's been thaaaat long.
Can't go wrong with the margherita nor any prosciutto combo for that matter, so come one and come all, but don't go on the day that we go so we can have a no queue experience.
Only disappointment was despite a full menu they haven't brought back the much loved charcuterie appetizer we were so fond of before.
Net net you can still expect the same authentic imported ingredients, buffalo mozzarella and distinct tomato base sauce that culminates in the perfect bite.
Or if ur greedy like my neighboring diners at the counter, they ordered 5 different toppings on one pie, which essentially gave you a different biteful each slice, a little overboard if you ask me...  Lastly, upon leaving we peeped out the indoor mini market, which wasn't up and running yet so looking forward to see how that unfolds.
Tonite was superb, servers were hectic but mgmt was on point and the oven kitchen staff was hollering Italian like crazy, however I received a warm and friendly "Purrrrrego" when I gave my two thumbs up after saying Grazzie to the chef so yes we'll be back in a flash!

Well I guess you call it opening day jitters - they don't have it down yet but when the table finally became available the staff was great and the good quality pie was there.
They should offer a few more apps.
Like calamari for one.
The whole experience was good but we really look forward for them to get there plan together.

I really like this place a lot better now that they've moved from the Borgata.
It's a nice open floor plan and I love the outside patio and bar area.
My pizza was great and I'm pleased to see their nice selection of Italian wines.

As they say, "time marches on".
The original POMO was a very special pizzeria, that transported it's diners back to Italy.
It was located further south along Scottsdale Road in the Borgata Shopping Center, next to Blanco's.
Though small, it had an intimate feel where you could have an easy conversation with you server.
http://www.yelp.com/biz/pomo-pizzeria-napoletana-scottsdale-2#hrid:DP4ygw0P_5831sjXGX5ecA  The "new" Pomo Cucina & Pizzeria feels like a concept restaurant, sort of like Fox's Olive & Ivy or North, which is not a bad thing.
But gone is that old world Italian Grotto elegance and feel.
I guess it's only fitting that it's in the former Blooms space.
Also gone is any mention of POMO's being a certified Napoletana pizzeria, from either APN (Associazione Pizzaiuoli Napoletani) or VPN (Verace Pizza Napoletana).
But in truth, the pizzas are still very good and they now have a new, much larger wood fired brick oven.
The square footage feels three times larger.
At times it seems like a dozen or so wait staff are rushing around, delivering pizzas to almost forty tables and that is just inside the restaurant.
The outside space is equally large, with a heavy duty tarp covering the diners.
I eyed at least two Culinary Managers on the floor keeping track of the staff and food.
Nice!
The three of us arrived around two o'clock on Black Friday.
We were seated pretty quickly, with a good view of the pizza oven.
I would highly recommend the location and view.
The menu has been updated.
And yes it may seem more expensive, given the pricier location near Gainey Ranch and the Hyatt Regency, but it's not.
http://www.pomopizzeria.com/pomo-scottsdale-menu.pdf.
I started out by ordering a Cappuccino ($4.00) which was as good as anything I've had at the green mermaid.
It had a nice taste but lacked foam.
My friends ordered a diet soft drink and a black ice tea, both $2.50.
Since we remembered how tasty the bruschetta was at the old POMO's we decided to start there.
We had the Sorrentina for $7.95 (see photo), which was very good with a hint of garlic.
Next we decided to share two pizzas.
One was their famous Regina Margherita.
It was as tasty and good (though somewhat smaller) as it's predecessor.
I've posted two pictures, a before and after if you will.
It was priced at $12.95, same as before.
The other pizza was their Amatriciana, which comes with sauté onions and tiny amount of diced panchetta.
It too was very good and priced at $14.95.
I believe the key to their delicious tasting pizzas, is the constant and watchful eye as they cook in an over 850° F oven.
A new addition not found in the old Restaurante, is a grab and go sandwich annex, called "Forno Fabbri, an Italian Market & Mozzarella Bar".
It's to the left as you come into Pomo Cucina and very similar in size and setup to the ones found in Olive and Ivy or the Herb Box.
It's a major plus for a quick weekday lunch, one which I will try in the near future.
Our total for three came to $48.42, including taxes but before gratuities.
It seemed fair and the food as I've mention is very good.
So Four Stars and yes, we are a Fan of the new Pomo Cucina & Pizzeria.
Enjoy!

Pomo is back, closer to my house and better than ever.
I am sooo happy they are finally open.
This is hands down the best pizza I have ever eaten.
Ohhhhh so good.
The new place is ultra cute as well, with an added market.
I am happy I don't have to drive all the way to Central Phx for this type of deliciousness.
I may have had Pomo two nights in a row.
oops.

Just had dinner at Pomo,  the food was great and the service was excellent.
My server was Gina.
Gina was very helpful in making my choices and explaining the choices in the menu, very friendly and service with a smile.
I would recommend this place for great food and great service.

I was a big fan of the old Pomo having gone there with family a couple of years ago.
Yes, the intimate feel is gone but the service and the food is still top notch.
They brought that mural of Sicily from the old place over to this new location.
We were with two family members so we started with a couple appetizers,  the Caprese and something I have never had before, the Crocchete Pugliesi (potato croquettes filled with Fior di Latte and prosciutto).
Both were excellent and reasonably priced.
Then on to our personal pizzas.
I had the Principe (prosciutto, arugula and shaved parmigiano reggiano).
The wife had the Peppino ( ricotta cheese, hot calabrese salami).
On the advice of a family member we tried the pizza with a drizzle of their hot pepper flake olive oil.
OMG.
I will be doing that from now on.
The pizzas were as good as I remembered from the old place and made a great midnight snack straight out of the refrigerator.
:)  I really liked the take out and market place on the left as you walk in.
From what I am told it is a very popular lunchtime option which they didn't have at the old Pomo.

Mixed feelings- Loved the atmosphere.
Service was great.
Prices were slightly high but still reasonable.
Food was served at temp and wine list was impressive, for how small it was.
Negatives- I don't care for "flimsy" pizza and this is pizza that will not hold the toppings.
So- order a cheese and leave it at that.
Tiramisu was as good as it gets.
Lasagna made with ground beef instead of sausage?
It's good but- I don't recommend it if you want a bold flavor.
Speaking of that- pizza sauce was mild and not enough on mine (although, it would have just run off).
Pizza dough was so good I could not believe it.
So- another visit is in order.
Sit at the bar.
Order beer and get a cheese pizza.
Maybe put a topping on the side so it won't slide off!

Five stars is explained as "Woohoo!
As good as it gets!
" and there's basically no other way I can explain Pomo.
Pomo has been on our radar for a while; we were heartbroken when we tried to visit the downtown location and they were in that weird "closed for the afternoon" timeframe.
(Don't feel bad for us, we ate at Cibo as a consolation.
) I heard that they "reopened" their Scottsdale location in this space and we've been on a mission to get here ASAP!
Apparently everyone else has as well.
We arrived around 4:30 on Friday for a "woohoo we both got off work early" celebraish and our only options were to sit outside (a little chilly for that, even by the beautiful fire/heaters.
Yes, I'm a wimp.
) or one of what I could see only two tables inside that didn't already have a "Reserved" sign.
Our server was Marie and she swooped right over, even though we came in the weird "in-between-meals-time" and the front of the house team was clearly having their line-up/pump-up schpeel.
She told us about how the massive pizza oven (looked like it was covered in gilded pennies!
) and it's owner were imported straight from Italy, recommended some of her favorites, and left us to peruse the menu.
We went with two of her recs: the Romano salad, Pomo's take on the classic Caesar.
The dressing is veg-friendly and doesn't include anchovies, but is light and lemony and refreshing.
Topped with perfectly crunch croutons and piles of freshly-shaved parm, this was definitely big enough for two to split as an appetizer.
I also went with the Regina Margherita, a FRESH take on the classic.
The fior di latte, the San Marzanos, the fresh basil...it was everything.
My boyfriend went with the Pomo, which had Italian sausage, red bells, sauteed mushrooms and onions.
Both pizzas were perfectly wood-fired, and the chili oil offered to drizzle over the top was DIE-vine!!!
We were both stuffed after two pieces but both made ourselves eat a third!
Overall--a perfect addition to the hood.
So glad it's close so we can visit again and again!

We had hoped to go to Pomo before the Scottsdale Train Park, so I called the restaurant and asked if we would have a problem getting a seat around 5:45.
The hostess said they don't get busy until 7 and that we should have no problem getting a table for two adults and one child.
We arrived right at 5:45 and were told that the only tables that were available were outside.
(It was 55 degrees outside at the time and we have a toddler with us) I was pissed, but we went with it.
We ordered all of our food at once and after 20 minutes of nothing but drinks, I asked for some bread.
Keep in mind that I now have a hungry and cold toddler to deal with.
The busser told me that bread was a menu item and that I had to order it from the server.
Really?
Ok... now I was really pissed.
The salad was mediocre at best (greens, cucumbers and some unripe tomatoes).
Despite the fact that the pizzas were "certified" as being authentic Napoleon pizzas, they were way over rated IMHO.
Service became very slow towards the end of our visit.
So slow that I had to get up and find a staff member to ask our server for a box and a check.
To add insult to injury, two 12 inch pizzas, a craptastic salad and two glasses of wine were $72.00.
Grimaldi's and Pizzaria Bianco are a thousand times better than this place.
My recommendation... don't waste your money or your time on Pomo.

This place has been one of my favs for awhile when it was in the Borgota.
I will say the new location in the gainey village is much cuter.
They really have created an amazing atmosphere.
Downside is the service was horrible.
They forgot our appetizer first and it came out after everyone else in the party had already finished their starter.
Then it happened again with one of the pizzas and we ended up having to take it to go.
The waitress was apologetic but told us she wasn't aloud to talk to the kitchen to tell them to cancel it since we were finished with all the food.
The food that we did get was good as always, which is why I'm still giving 3 stars.
Since service was the only thing really horrible (assuming the mistakes were the waitress not the kitchen), I will go back to try again at the new location.

I crave Pomo pizza on a regular basis and as much as I seem to eat the food I never get sick of it.
The new location at Gainey is beautiful in design and space.
I'm so glad they are back in Scottsdale, and better than ever.

So as Yelp was so kind enough to recognize me with the Elite "Review of the Day" recently for POMO, thus we decided to return today during our Christmas break.
We dropped in about 2pm but despite asking for an al fresco table hoping for friendly banter w our servers, we were left hanging out on our island of despair for over 10min without any hope for even a greeting let alone water.
Then...alas one server came to a neighboring table we thot yes she's going to save us...but nooooo it was THE one predicament that a desperate diner despises: not even a single glance in our direction.
Sigh...
Soon later I had to at least quench my thirst so I resorted to flagging down a busser.
He in turn eventually found our server who looked surprised but took our orders with a 'significant' amount of discontent from me.
Hoping to just eat and get outta there before this lunch ruined my day, I was greeting l by a manager and she formally apologize and ensured it was a shift planning oversight and presented us with a nice gift certificate for our grievances and even tho the meal was more than the gift cert POMO took care of the bill.
All was forgotten and as I mentioned that regardless of today's mishap we wouldn't have written POMO off as the food is always on point and that alone is sometimes worth the sacrifice we occasionally endure as we all have a bad day now and then right!
A++ for customer service with a :)

I visit Scottsdale a few times a year and I always make time to stop in to Pomo for a bite to eat while I'm there.
The new location is really convenient and easy to find; and the service and ambiance are classy without being pretentious.
The food is consistently fabulous.
My favorite is the Napoli pizza- with just the right amount of anchovies!
Can't wait to go back in a few weeks!

Every time I go to Pomo, it feels like im anywhere but Arizona.
The freshness of my pizza (best I've had on the west coast by the way) to the excellent wine pairing my waitress Sabrina suggested,  it couldnt have been a better night!

The best in the valley!
My husband is a Jersey Italian so pizza is near and dear to his heart.
He won't eat anywhere else

The good:  The pizza was very good.
The bad:  The staff, the service, the menu other than the pizza.

As a frequent visitor of the original (or former) Pomo at the Borgata, I was thrilled to see this one open closer to my home.
First visit was on the first week of opening, and as expected, dicey service but wonderful pizza.
On our second visit, service actually seemed worse!
No kidding...... Forgot our wine order, served wrong pizza and this on top of a 20 minute wait for a table, when there were nothing but open tables!!
Third visit (yes, I kept trying), seems like a whole new staff but same service.
Trainees are hardly given a chance, and a whole new crop seems to pop up without anything improving.
Overall, I'd say, bring lots of patience & your appetite because both will be tested.
Too bad management doesn't know how to manage.
Patience, persistence & positiveness breeds top notch servers and employees.

Fantastic pizza with a great crust and fresh fresh toppings, along with a wonderful Caesar salad served by a truly attentive wait staff, topped off with a real cup of coffee all at a reasonable price.
We will be back.

Ok - So I gave this spot two chances to redeem themselves but both times service was crappy, honestly if not utterly horrible.
But the one thing that they do right is Pizza!
I ordered the Principe - Prosciutto Crudo San Daniele DOP, Fresh Arugula Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano and it was insanely good!
The not so good was their Siciliana Salad which featured Sicilian Tuna, Organic Spring Mix, Grape Tomato Cherry Mozzarella, Evoo.
It really lacked any real flavor and for $12.00 not worth ordering.
Drink menu here is great - they have their own version of a Moscow Mule, which frankly I enjoy more than the traditional mule.
It's a great addition to the neighborhood but I wish the service was better!

Came in yesterday and dined at the fire place seating.
Was very cozy.
The food and drinks were great!
The service was also very good.
My only complaint was around 430 you could see the waitstaff was having a meeting outside.
You could hear what I think was the manager screaming and swearing at the staff.
I found that very unprofessional.
I will be back because of the food and staff but I hope next time I can enjoy my evening instead of being interrupted by foul language and yelling.

Pomo Pizzeria is probably the best pizza I have ever had in my life.
I am not usually a bread person when it comes to eating pizza, but the crust was as good as the main toppings.
Make sure to get some olive oil to drizzle on the pizza as it gives it an enriched flavor to the pizza toppings itself.
We had a couple different pizzas, but I would recommend the Pomo.
You can add and subtract toppings at your ease without too much complications either.

Really 2 1/2 stars.
We were disappointed.
Four adults for Sunday dinner.
2 pizzas, 3 salads, 1 soup, 1 wine, 2 beers, $100.00  Mango salad was awful.
Didn't finish.
Pizza crust soggy in middle, burned on edges.
One salad very good, as well as the mushroom soup Very noisy, but attractively done.
Service was excellent.
Doubt that any of us will return.
I came home and made something to eat.

Like the atmosphere.
Good bartender.
Pizza was close to a A+.
Toppings were fresh, the crust and cheese were delicious, I just found the sauce to be a little runny and it made the crust a little soggy.
Could have been impacted by the vegetable topping.
Also, maybe I missed it, but would have liked to see some non-pork meat options like meatball.
Nevertheless, this is an absolute place to return to!
Great spot.

Pizza is one of my top 3 favorite foods and I love it and eat a lot of it in all its forms - thin crust, thick crust, original crust, stuffed crust, rolled up into stromboli, folded up into a calzone...and Pomo Pizzeria has hands down the best Neapolitan pizza I've had in Arizona.
My god everything is spot on fantastic and delicious!
The crust is perfection - moist, chewy, perfectly crusted on the outside and soft on the inside, slightly smoky/charred from the wood fired oven.
The tomato sauce is perfect - bright, flavorful, fresh.
The cheese is great, the olive oil is great, the basil is great.
And it all culminates into a perfect margarita pizza.
I also had the Mango Salad which was fantastic.
Lots of fresh arugla, lettuce to balance out the arugula, sharp blue cheese, and some just-ripe mango.
I can't wait to come back!
Parking is easy and there is a wonderful outdoor patio that seats a good number of people.
But sitting inside isn't bad either because of the open kitchen.

Had a reservation for 6 people and they had a hard time locating the reservation.
We waited over 30 minutes to get our drinks.
The waitress had no idea about there gin options.
The food came out with no order.
She forgot our soup and served the bread with our pizza after we were done with appetizers.
The pizza was very good and the lasagna had no sauce and meat was greasy!
The waitress appeared to be untrained but, nice.

Be sure to make a reservation.
Pizza is great, closest to Napoli in AZ.

Nothing negative about this place.
The food is amazing.
We had apps, two different salads, two different pizzas and dessert.
All of it was delicious!!
The staff was just as good.
Knowledgable of the menu and made great recommendations for wine and kid friendly modifications to the pizza.
Hands down we will be back!

This is Italia Pizza heaven.
(PERIOD)  Watch them make your perfectly cooked thin crust masterpiece right in front of your eyes.
The brick oven is the centerpiece of the new location.
The outdoor patio is great, lots of bar seating in and outdoors.
The main dining room fills up so make a reservation-- and if you are last minute just sit up at the Pizza bar and literally observe the pizza making operation.
The food is just GOOD!
The salads are HUGE and should be shared.
The pizzas are pretty much good for one unless you are sharing a salad.
There's no need to waste calories anywhere else.
Pomo is dishing out the very best Pizza in town.
The wine list is sufficient with plenty of drinkable options at good prices.
Back to the Pizza-- the ingredients are simple, fresh, flavorful, and leaves you wanting more.
The dough is perfect and you will be fighting over the last piece of crust, especially with the red flake chili oil they offer.
If you have a sweet tooth, their deserts are top-notch.
Without question the best Tiramisu in all of Arizona!!!
When you are craving pizza nothing is going to beat Pomo for a real Italia experience.
This is yummmmmm!

Terrific experience!
These guys were slammed and took not only our party of eight...
But created a separate table for the kids and made them feel extra special.
We had a wonderful time in the food and service was excellent!

I went here last night with a party of 6.
We had a reservation and were seated relatively promptly.
We were seated in the patio area which wasn't bad at all because they had ample heat lamps.
Everybody was very comfortable.
Anyway, about the food:  * Skip the Romana (Caesar) salad.
It really has no taste, but the croutons are good.
* Also pass on the (Forno Fabbri) which is the bread they should just put on the table when you sit down instead of overcharging you $2 for it.
It pisses me off when restaurants do this.
* The Verdure Grigliate (grilled vegetables) were excellent.
I need to learn how to make these myself.
* We got 3 pizzas and it really doesn't matter what they were because they were all excellent.
Each one was better than the last.
The crust is sensational.
Easily made my top 5 pizzas in the Valley.
The place is gorgeous, its an older crowd so you don't get a lot of doucebags, and the service is excellent.
I can't wait to return.

If you are serious about Pizza your journey begins and ends here my friend.
Affable owner, Stefano Fabbri will welcome you with open arms.
To experience Pomo is to experience pizza completely faithful to the vision that was nourished on the slopes of grand Vesuvius.
His new market is also laden with the finest Italian imports.
Close your eyes, listen to the music of Eros Ramazzotti in the back ground, and take a deep breath.
It might look modern and sleek but it is still Italian to its core.

My favorite pizza in all of the Phoenix area.
It doesn't matter if you're in Downtown Phoenix or this new location in Scottsdale, you're going to get some of the best pizza you've ever had.
Today was my first venture into their new Scottsdale location.
A friend and I came here after a morning of watching golf at the Phoenix Open.
I've been going to their Downtown Phoenix location ever since it opened in 2013.
The Scottsdale location is nothing like the Downtown Phoenix location in terms of aesthetics and atmosphere.
Whereas their Phoenix location feels more like a small urban neighborhood haunt, this location feels much more like a large upscale suburban restaurant.
There's far more seating both inside and outside at this location and the restaurant also has a mozzarella bar and an assortment of italian grocery items.
That's not to say either location is better or worse than the other at all.
The setup of the Phoenix location works perfectly for the cultural melting pot downtown neighborhood, whereas this location fits perfectly into the more upscale affluent neighborhood it occupies.
But the biggest testament to their brand is whether their trademark pies at the Scottsdale location can match up to their Phoenix location.
Having split a Margherita and a Don Alfonso with my friend today I can attest to the fact that the quality here is as top notch as their Downtown location.
The crust has the same crunchy outside and soft delicious texture inside and the flavors of their ingredients are like a perfect symphony.
Perfect size, perfect temperature, perfectly neapolitan.
If there was one downside to this location, its that we didn't get offered the free fried dough and limoncello as we always have downtown.
But then again the downtown location didn't have a mozzarella bar and grocery operation either.
No matter which location you choose, you simply can't go wrong with the Pomo brand.
Authentic neapolitan pies crafted by a family of Italian immigrants with the certifications to back them up.
Bravo Pomo, you never cease to amaze.

I have given this place a couple chances now, and both times the food was very mediocre.
The pizza was ok, and the lasagna was mostly pasta and missing actual flavor.
The one thing I do like is the ambiance.
Great little bar, nice patio, good service, but the food just isn't something to rave about which is too bad.
Just so you have a comparison, the pizza places I like in town is Slice of Sicily, Pizzaria Bianco, and Crust.

Amazing!!!
Best Pizza on the Planet:)) I love the service, authenticity, family-feel, entire ambiance... Pomo is a frequent must and perfect for catching up with friends, date night, or family outing!
Exquisite in every way - sure to leave with a warm heart & happy palate.
Well done, Pomo!

The restaurant ambiance is very nice.
Great decor and fantastic outdoor space.
My average rating is due to service.
The staff at check-in is inattentive.
Other wait and bar staff are completely frenetic in their pace.
I'm not used to seeing waiters run and bussers throw down place settings.
This is a great place but needs help with service.
PS - the pizza is excellent!

What can I say, awesome, probably one of the best pizza's I have ever had.

Well we will see how far they have come as I  have reservations next Friday night early as it is valentines day but looking forward to a flawless and wonderful experience - I will let you know post experience

Well, just what I expected - we had a wonderful meal / event.
The service was great and the pies were even better than the last visit.
There is no reason not to go and enjoy an evening here.
You will be very, very pleased.
My daughter wants to make this a weekly event Thank you

I'm gluten free and the pizza was as hard as rock!
I ended up just eating the cheese and toppings.
If you want the best gf pizza hit up picazzo's.
Also, we were sitting at one of the fire pit tables for an hour drinking & ordering apps and no one said anything to us until we ordered our food.
Then our waitress told us that the tables were reserved and the people who reserved it were here so we had to move.
It was really weird.
I worked in the restaurant/hospitality business for years and I would have expected a manager to come over and apologize and tell us that it was their fault that there was no reserved tag on the table but it put us and the waitress in an awkward position.
The restaurant was full so we had to wait until 2 chairs opened next to each other.
A customer offered to move so my friend and I could sit next to each other and we ended up buying him a drink.
The manager should have been around to help and make the transition so we didn't feel bad.
I won't go back because of these 2 things.

Great service, atmosphere, reasonable prices and delicious pizza!
What's not to like?
The authentic, Italian style pizza is fantastic - it's thin crust with a light, chewy texture.
They use lots of fresh, organic ingredients and pizzas are cooked in the restaurant's centerpiece - a giant wood fired oven.
I've been here a handful of times - my favorite salad is the Pollo - an organic spring mix with avocado, organic grilled chicken, pine nuts, grape tomatoes, and vinaigrette.
I usually get the salad or a pizza - my favorite (so far) is the Principe - this is one of their classic pizzas that has prosciutto, arugula, and shaved parmesan cheese.
I've heard the panini's are great too - they're huge!
You won't leave hungry.
If you visit on a weekend night, make a reservation or be prepared for a long wait!

I kind of accidentally went here a few weekend ago when we had originally tried to go to the crepe place in Gainey Ranch.
However, they were crowded and I had remembered seeing Pomo on a Yelp search and seeing that they had great reviews.
Therefore, we decided to walk across the parking lot for some pizza instead for lunch.
We were seated right away and since it was our first time there, we were told about their background and how they're the only place in the US that's certified for having authentic Napoleon style pizza (or something like that).
We ordered the margharita pizza and gnocci.
We were warned that the wait would be a little longer due to the gnocci.
The wait was definitely long, but worth it.
The pizza was great.
Lots of flavor with fresh ingredients.
The gnocci was room temperature when we got it which was disappointing.
It was really good though, just would have been better if it was hot.
It did make for great leftovers though.
I'm sure I'll be back!

The pizza is really excellent.
Top notch Italian ingredients and fantastic sauce.
Thin crust but not burnt, with a chewy rather than crispy texture.
We really, really love the pizza here.
Good selection of beer and Italian wine.
The quality of the pizza allows us to overlook the inconsistent service and entirely indifferent host staff.
If you want to have good pizza in a place that seems to barely tolerate you, this is the spot.
It is really strange, as we were regular customers at the previous location at the Borgata and we have been to the downtown location a number of times, and never had any issue with service or staff at either of those places.
It's kind of like they decided since they were in a slightly ritzier area they'd get an attitude to match.
still: go for the pizza.
UPDATE: within a day of submitting this review, Pomo management contacted me to ask about the experience and why I felt the host/service was not up to par.
I let them know my thoughts and they can address it however they please.
I was glad to see that Pomo responds professionally and will accept constructive criticism, which is the sign of a place that will succeed.
Again, the pizza is excellent, and if they address some of the issues I raised I'd gladly give this place five stars.

Food is fantastic, service was great and love the atmosphere!
Sat at the bar one evening during the week and had wine, the Pomo pizza and caprese salad all out of this world!
Bartenders were great for wine recommendations and super attentive.
Will be a frequent customer here!

The food is consistently delicious, the patio is fantastic and our server Marie was so friendly and accomodating.
Will be back!

Best Pizza ever... Great Service we where sitting on the Bar with Tracy she was awsome ... We can't wait to go back

Had Pizza & drinks at the bar !!!
Food quality was fresh & delicious and service from our bartender Tracy was outstanding !!!
Also great wine choices will be back !!

searched for VPN pizza places and found this place.
We showed up at 5pm on Thursday and said they had no openings and we had to have a reservation but they squeezed us in right away.
The bread and oil/vinaigrette is really really good and we asked for more since we had 5 of us and they charged us $2 more.
never heard of that.
wow!
We ordered 2 pizzas.
One was a specialty pizza with mushrooms and it didn't have red sauce and the other was not a specialty pizza and it had red sauce.
We didn't like the specialty pizza and the mushrooms where real soggy and mushy and it was kind of gross.
The regular pizza with the red sauce was pretty good but the pizza it self was really soggy and I hate that when my pizza is soggy.
I would maybe try it again because hopefully the pizza wouldn't be soggy next time and it would have to be with red sauce.
id rate it 2.5 stars but since I cant I will give it 3 since they squeezed us in.

This restaurant used to be in The Borgata and is now located in the Gainey Village Shops.
The inside is the same as the other restaurant, casual with a huge photograph of a street in Italy that takes up the entire wall.
Now I am fussy about Pizza and nothing on the menus really struck me.
I love good italian sausage and pepperoni and they did not have pepperoni, I decided on the Homemade Tomato soup and Bruchetta .
All I can say is that it lacked flavor.
The tomato soup was bland and when I added salt and pepper it did not change the flavor much.
Not what I expected.
The Bruchetta was bland also.
While Arizona tomatoes are bland, the only thing I tasted was garlic.
No other spices which could zip up this dish.
friends had the Chicken salad.
My friend said the lemon dressing was bland.
She got a different dressing but said it was nothing special.
My husband had pasta marinara and my husband said it was good, bold flavor but not enough sauce.
Our other friend had a pizza with peppers, sausage and mushrooms and he said it was ok.
I think I will try another Italian restaurant, Phoenix does not have many outstanding Italian restaurants or bakeries.

Came here on a recommendation from an Italian friend-- he told me it was the most authentic Italian pizza in the United States.
It did not disappoint.
I was in town for business and ended up going to both the Scottsdale and Phoenix locations during my stay-- The food was outstanding at both.
I felt the ambiance was far better at Scottsdale, but was blown away by how good the service was in Phoenix.
Both great experiences-- it will be a staple every time I am back in Phoenix.

Yelp found this place for me.
Thank you all.
I stopped in on a Saturday Night during Spring Training, about 5:30, and the place was already full.
I didn't have a reservation, but they sat me immediately at the pizza bar where you watch the staff throw and bake the pizzas.
If you want a table, make a reservation.
I started with the arancini.
It was very good.
It's hard to be outstanding when we're talking about a fried ball of rice.
It does have a filling which was good.
And there was a tomato sauce that was well balanced and tasty, heavenly.
It also came with some micro-greens to round it out.
Very good.
I moved onto a pizza.
The timing was slightly off as the pizza came when I was only half way through the appetizer.
The pizza was excellent.
The crust was flavorful, soft, and chewy.
Perfect.
The toppings were excellent.
My only complaint would be the sauce.
I prefer a little more sauce with more body.
Hard really to call it a complaint.
It's more of a difference in tastes.
I selected glass of Chianti to go with, and it turned out to be an terrific selection.
I can't say my meal and visit were perfect, but it was only a hair's width away.
And some differences are really about tastes.
They're making pizzas exactly as they want in a Naples style.
It's hard to imagine how they could do it much better.
It's 5 stars.
Why 5 stars?
Why not 4?
I can see if you think a pizza should be a half inch of crust buried under a pile of gooey mozzarella, then you might not like the Naples style.
For what Pomo is trying to do, I think this is as good as it gets.
Even more, the price was reasonable.

Best pizza in town.
The new location is fabulous !

Wonderful atmosphere, wonderful service, and food to die for!
Everything we had was delicious!
Drinks, salads pizza, lasagna, cappuccinos, and desserts were all expertly crafted and delicious!
We decided to have our rehearsal dinner here before our wedding we loved it so much!

Down here on vacation from San.
Diego, this has to be the best pizza I have ever had.
Everything about this place is amazing from the Italian severs who are friendly and excellent at what they do to the mouth watering wine, pizza, and dessert!
I would highly recommend the margarita pizza!!!
The only thing I'm mad about is that we don't have one in San.
Diego!
Exceeded my expectations, simply amazing!

This was the second time at POMA.
First time was decent BUT the bottom of the Pizza was SOGGY.
Second time for a large birthday party spent $250++.
Pizza's were bland and burnt on the bottom.
Pasta was ok but the veges needed to be seen through a microscope.
The meat plate was OK but far frome exciting.
The cream sauce was very bland.
Tiramasu was very good.
The child's pizza was bad and they would not take it off the bill.
Also billing errors needed to be fixed.
All in all Id rather go to Grazie ( better wine list), Il Bosco, of course Federal Pizza (awesome but its a Postino restaurant) and Grimaldis and the  Parlor.

Good pizza?
Yes.
Best pizza I've had?
No.
All the pizzas at Pomo are thin crust...not a problem for me so long as they hold up all the toppings which, unfortunately it doesn't at Pomo's.
But then again, maybe that has to do with how the pieces are cut...all 3 of our pizzas were cut awkwardly.
1 in off-centered quarters...leaving 2 GIANT pieces and 2 tiny ones.
1 into sixths....where 2 were extremely thin and 2 were extremely fat...but at least 2 looked normal.
1 into, can you  believe it, fifths.
where 1 was a triangle and 4 were trapezoids of some sort.
Oh, and toppings are not spread evenly...take for example our vegetarian pizza with roasted veggies.
It's straight from the menu, but this is how it was delivered.
Half eggplant, half zucchini....and a PILE of bell peppers in the middle.
It was good once we spread it around and traded veggies....but come on.
This was a common theme for all our pizzas...  Meh.
This place came highly recommended...and thus with high expectations...which, unfortunately, were not met.

My husband and I had dinner here last week.
The food was mediocre and the prices are on the high end.
While we were there, we witnessed the owner, the waiter confirmed,  reprimanding a hard working busboy rather loudly, so that the customers could hear the verbal abuse.
We also learned that at least 4 other employees have quit in the last week.
Because of this persons behavior, we will never return to or recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Too many other nice feeling restaurants in the area.

Outstanding Pizza and More!
First time at Pomo Cucina & Pizzeria, and won't be last.
Nice menu.
Salads excellent and large - definitely to share.
Pizza outstanding rendition of neopolitan style.
Gina provided attentive serrvice.
Really, really solid negihborhood pizza place that has a bit more on menu than just pizza.

Amber was our server.
She was very nice and very informed about the different items on the menu.
The mushroom soup is out of this world.
The toto pizza is going to be my favorite item.

This place is great.
We arrived without reservations with 3 kids, and despite Thera t they were very busy, the hostesses did a great job of working us in within 10 minutes.
Atmosphere is cool, a little bit of a modern twist but comfortable at the same time.
Food was tremendous, the salad very fresh and dressing was great.
Pizza was great, thin crisp crust with just enough chewiness, sauce was delicious and ingredients were clearly fresh.
The pasta special was really good too.
Desert choices were the perfect finishing touch.

My FAVORITE pizza in the world.
Ok, I've never been to Europe but I've had a lot of great pizza and this stuff is to die for!
We tried a couple of kinds of toppings and the crust is awesome.
It's like chewy and not overcooked.
Service is very friendly and helpful with recommendations, and they happily boxed up our plentiful leftovers to take for lunch the following day.

After a bit of confusion about the location (google maps still lists only the old location although it notes that it is closed), we found our way to Pomo.
The place was hopping!
It had a wonderful outdoor area as well as tables inside.
And the shiny silver tile-encrusted indoor pizza oven looks like it comes out of a science fiction movie, but it certainly puts out the pizza.
We started with salads - a Romano and a misto (field greens) salad which were both large enough to share.
My recommendation would be for two people to share a salad or plan to share pizza or other main course.
All of us ordered pizzas which are thin crust and approximately 11-12 inches.
I had the capricciosa which was excellent - prosciutto, olives, artichoke hearts and mushrooms.
We all agreed that the pizzas were good albeit a bit soupy, maybe due to the fact that the 900+ degree pizza oven didn't allow them to be as crisp as other ovens.
They had a nice selection of Italian wines by the glass and service was excellent.

I am very happy with the new location!
Everything in terms of service and quality of food remainder the same and now the addition of more space and the grab and go grocery area just make the experience that much better!
I've been lucky enough to visit Italy and try authentic Italian pizza.
While I have tried the Napolean pizza, I will say that it was in Rome and not Naples, but that didn't seem to make a difference in taste to me.
Needless to say, the pizza I had in Rome was the pizza I use to weigh against any other slice of pizza.
Pomo Pizzeria has come pretty darn close to authentic pizza in my book.
Make a reservation because it will fill up, especially on the weekends!
We started with the bruschetta and Cesar salad (Romana) to share.
The salad is huge and you could probably share it with two to three other people.
It was zesty, creamy and delicious.
The order of bruschetta gave us two pieces of bread heaping with tomatoes and mozzarella.
I got a side of vinegar which was the perfect touch.
If you are with a party of more than two, I'd suggest ordering two orders of bruschetta or you can cut each slice in half.
Now let's move on to the pizza, for this is what Pomo Pizzeria is known for is it not?
Oh friends, the pizza is exactly what you hope for it.
It tastes like it's straight from the streets in Italy.
We got the Quattro Stagioni which has tomato, San Marzano DOP, mozzarella, fior di latte, sauteed mushrooms, Italian Sausage, etc.
The bread was thin crust but soft and melted in my mouth.
The crust was fluffy and soft.
The pizza is definitely large enough to split and the combo of salad, bruschetta and pizza worked out perfectly.
The reviews are right in saying that this pizza is absolutely excellent and comparable to the other great pizza places in the Valley and their new location allows even more people to enjoy it now!

POMO's still th_th_theeeeee spot for bomb.com pizza, the menus expanded w lunch plate options and finally the market slash vino bar is elegantly finished.
Even on a Tuesday nite with probably 3 servers short no table was open.
However everything was on point and as usual make a reservation or do as us, take a bee line to the pizza countertop for quick seating!
Buono :)

Best pizza I've had outside Italy, & I mean southern Italy (Naples) because pizza in Rome was no where near as good as Naples.
100% authentic, I'm so happy I found this place.
I always get the buffala mozzarella pizza...so simple yet tasty!

I had heard of Pomo and then saw that it was now in Gainey Village.
I am so happy that I took some time for lunch today.
I was able to sit outside and have a wonderful panini.
I'm embarrassed to say that it probably could have fed 3 people but I almost finished it myself (ok - not too embarrassed).
Everything was so fresh.
I thought the price for the size of the meal was reasonable and will definitely be back.
The market next store has some great Italian oils, glazes, etc.
so that will also be another stop!

Wonderful ambience - great outdoor bar!
The bartenders are friendly and attentive.
The vino is excellent and the lasagne is to die for!
Also had the pizza and it was good as well.
I'll definitely be back.

Another memory-bank evening dinner with family tonight!
Pomo's home-like setting, top-notch service, and authenticity are perfect ingredients for a 5-star experience!
I am from Chicago and this pizza is hands-down THE best!!!
You can't go wrong with anything on the menu & the staff is far more than customer-service oriented.
Our server this evening, Marie, made us feel like family... She made great recommendations, was vastly knowledgeable about the menu/wine, and went above & beyond all expectations!!!
We could have stayed all night just to continue conversation... We love you, Marie and thank you for such a lovely Sunday!!!
A big bow of gratitude to you all at Pomo:)) LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!!!!!!!!!!

My first Yelp review.
Hands down my favorite pizza place in the Valley.
In fact, I went to both this location in Gainey and the downtown one this past weekend.
Both were stellar in every sense.
The pizza, salads.
service, etc.
Can't recommend this place enough.
Stop reading this and go make a reservation!

Margherita Pizza!
Best one on the menu.
I also love the white pizza.
They have an amazing Bellini here as well.
This place reminds me of authentic pizza in Naples, Italy!
Enjoy!

I have yet to experience a fantastic pizza place in Scottsdale or Phoenix, although my stepdaughter claims it is definitely Spinato's.
Either way, it certainly was not Pomo Pizzeria Napoletana, which was "average" in my book.
We arrived at the restaurant on a Tuesday evening for a 7:00 p.m. reservation.
We started with a cocktail, and my bellini was pleasant, but nothing out of the ordinary.
My husband and I split a Caprese salad as an appetizer, and it neither looked nor tasted any differently than the ones we put together at home.
There were four slices of mozzarella, four slices of tomato, and a four large basil leaves spread across the plate.
It tasted fine, but again, it was not anything special.
I ordered the porcini pizza, and found it lacked flavor.
The porcini was pleasant, the cheese was as you would expect.
The crust was not particularly rich or buttery.
The pizza itself seemed to need some fresh herbs or spices to lift it a bit - perhaps even porcini powder would have helped bring out some of the mushroom flavor, which was sparse.
The waitstaff was friendly and helpful, so no complaints there.

The best pizzeria in Scottsdale!
Very good quality and super kind owner!

Very good food and service every time I've been.
Tonight really blew me away.
My in laws had  never been and our waiter really explained the menu in depth .
The food is consistently delicious.
I love the capriossa (sp?).
I didn't care for the drink I ordered so the waiter was nice enough to replace it with something that fit my taste better.
I never had an empty glass or dirty plate in front of me.
Every time we go here , we have an awesome experience .
For me, the pizza here is much better than Bianco .

Wow.
Amazing service and the best tomatoes I have ever eaten.
Wonderfully thin and crispy pizza dough, delicious caprese, I'll be heading back soon!

Amazing caprese salad!
Thin crust pizza is always delicious.
Wonderful employees.
Back patio is so pleasant.
New mister system on the patio works very well!

I went here for my birthday, dined later at night, and had excellent service.
Despite not having any Italian heritage, I like to think of myself as a tiramisu connoisseur.
Guess, what?
It was phenomenal!!!
Perhaps the best I have ever had....  light, fluffy, and delicious...

I have lived in Scottsdale for years coming from New Jersey and finally found real authentic fresh Italian food.
The staff was all fantastic and friendly.
A true Italian experience.
I felt like I was in my Italian uncle kitchen between the staff enthusiastically speaking to one another to the owners strive for perfection.
Everything we tried including the Italian wines were PERFECT.
And my kids enjoyed the bear ice Cream.
A true diamond amongst the rough in Italian dining in Scottsdale.
Try the prosciutto, YUM.

great food, great service.
authentic Italy one of the must stops in Scottsdale for food their sister restaurant next door is worth a visit as well

The food here was superb.
We ordered enough for at least 4 people and I ate almost all of it.
Everything we ordered was amazing.
We got a couple appetizers,  a salad and 2 pizzas.
Unfortunately our server was horrible.
Our drinks we always empty, we didn't get drinks until after at least 10 minutes after being seated and a different server asked if we had been helped yet.
Luckily the other guy watched out for us the whole time.
He constantly filled our drinks and took away an armful of empty dishes from our table.
It appeared that we had the only inadequate server there as everyone else seemed very attentive.
After dinner we walked over to the market and we're able to learn a ton about olive processing and olive oils.
It was really interesting how much knowledge these guys have and the passion for food is exciting.
We had our dessert on that side giving us a chance to walk around a bit after dinner.
Dessert was fantastic too.
I don't remember what it was but it was frozen and had bits of fig and nuts with a crumbled crust like surface strawberries and caramel drizzle.
They also have a vintage Vespa to take pictures on in front of the restaurant.
Fun place with great food!
We will be telling everyone we know to try it and we will be back.
Some nice live, authentic Italian music would really add a nice touch to the place.

My husband and I just celebrated our 5yr anniversary at Pomo last night.
This was our first time to the restaurant and we had a great experience!
We ordered the Affettati Misti, crocchete pugliesi, and the Romana salad for starters.
Then we ordered the Regina Margherita and the Toto Sapore pizza.
Everything was delicious and beautifully presented.
We were given excellent service by everyone except our own server.
She must have been new or had too many tables to look after.
We had many other servers coming by to look after us, so it turned out fine.
To end our night we stepped over to the sister store that is an Italian market.
We were greeted by John and enjoyed an engaging and educating conversation about the "family" farm in Italy where they grow and harvest the olives.
It was very fascinating to learn about the process of making olive oils.
We ordered the Semifreddo for dessert and I wish I could have taken some home for later :) I'm looking forward to going back to Pomo soon!

Great pizza, service and desserts!
Probably the best tiramisu I've had in Arizona... We went there 3 times the month we discovered the place and each time, I ordered the tiramisu.
I'll have to try something else next time.
The arancini is yummy too!
No complaints.

Our experience at Pomo was wonderful!
It was my first time trying the restaurant and we were not disappointed, not only was the restaurant decor beautiful but the food and service was excellent.
Our server was Marie and she took great care of us, we can't wait to come back!

Not impressed at all;(  Bar drinks.....don't waste your money, the food so so.... Actually went twice to make sure that maybe I had just gone on a bad nite.
I wish they would refund our money!!

I have been here twice and both times were excellent.
The pizza is very authentic and delicious.
I love the spicy olive oil they put on the table when the pizza arrives.
I have also tried the caprese and mango salads.
Both were deliciious.
As far as pizzas, I suggest the margherita or marinara.
Both are excellent.
I also had the diavola and that was good, but the vpn pizzas are why I come here.
Very friendly wait staff and the bar tender was great.

Their lasagna is so good!!
Not sure what kind of cheese they put in it, it's so creamy.
The pasta is well cooked and very thin.
We also try their tiramisu dessert and it so yummy!
It's lacking a star because our server was not very attentive.
Didn't ask to refill our drinks and we have to look for her for our check.
Price is pricey for the small portion but it's Scottsdale so as expected.

I think that Pomo is one of the best pizza's ever, and I'm from the east coast.
It's thin crust, fresh and made with the very best ingredients.
I find it's a special night when we go there.
They have a great outside covered patio as well as a very nice inside area to eat.
Many of the ingredients are brought in from Italy.
I think this is an adult place, but kids are welcomed.
Parking is great.
One person named Cricket stands out in my mind, as she is over seeing the wait staff and she makes sure everyone is enjoying their meals.
The pizza is on the wet side, so be aware of what you are ordering.
We also usually split a salad, as they are large and very good.
I also think this place would be a good place to take a date, as it's a cut above the rest.

Summer nights bring to POMO regulars a great new menu and not to be missed is the Crudo Prosciutto pie!
Smooth and creamy cheeeesy heaven well balanced w the bitter arugula garnish and savory parma!
Bono once again :)

Went to Pomo for my third time last night with my mom.
It was a 45 minute wait for a table on a Saturday night at around 7.
Luckily, we found two spots at the outside portion of the bar and although a little warmer than inside, with the misters and fans it was not bad!
We split the Cesar salad and Principe pizza which were both great.
They keep their menu simple by not over complicating their dishes with excessive ingredients.
Instead, they use fresh a few fresh and high quality ingredients making it great authentic Italian food.
I'm not a big fan of sausage or pepperoni on pizzas so the Principe was perfect, being prosciutto, arugula, and Parmesan with a red sauce base.
The dough is a perfect balance, it's thin but not crispy, with a substantial crust, but not doughy.
Aside from the food, Pomo has a great open layout and a fun atmosphere.
Very happy to have it open in my neighborhood.
Will definitely be there again soon!

Most of you know, I have an affinity for Neapolitan style pizza.
And that's what makes Pomo Pizzeria in Scottsdale one of my favorite places to eat.
The thing I love most about Neapolitan style pizza is that I never walk away with a "brick" in my stomach...the dreaded "I just ate pizza" feeling.
...Neapolitan style pizza is so light and satisfying, you'll never look at pizza the same way again!!
The lay of the land...  Pomo is located in the Shops at Gainey Village on the corner of Scottsdale Road.
and Doubletree Blvd.
The interior boasts high ceilings, an array of windows, and an indoor/outdoor bar concept.
But don't let the sleek and modern atmosphere fool you...the centerpiece of the whole operation is a hand-built, wood-burning oven crafted from bricks and volcanic sand from Southern Italy.
The oven is like a time machine that can transport your taste buds back hundreds of years to the heart of Napoli, Italy.
And it's right there in plain sight so you can watch the magic unfold.
Carpaccio Di Bresaola, the perfect starter...  Start your experience with a platter of razor-thin slices of tender cured beef carpaccio, buried under a pile of peppery arugula salad, tossed in a light lemon vinaigrette, and topped with Parmigiano Reggiano shavings.
There's plenty to share, and it's not too filling so it's the perfect way to start your authentic Italian journey.
Slow-rising Sourdough Crust...
The secret to Pomo's light and chewy crust lies in the highly-refined, organic wheat flour imported 6,267 miles from Molino Caputo in Naples.
This slow-rising sourdough takes 24 hours to rise and only 60-90 seconds in the 905 degree oven to produce a piping hot pizza with bubbly cheese and a perfectly charred crust.
The Bufala Verace -- it's what dreams are made of...
The beauty of this pie lies in the simplicity of the ingredients: Tomato, basil, cheese.
That's it.
With every bite there's a burst of tang from the crushed tomato base, holding hands with creamy Mozzarella di Bufala D.O.P., and a fresh basil finish.
What is D.O.P.?
You'll notice several items on the menu with initials D.O.P.
This stands for the Italian phrase "Denominazione d' Origine Protetta".
It means the product is a higher level of certification and authenticity.
It could easily stand for "Definitely Oozes Perfection".
;-)  Mozzarella di Bufala D.O.P.
is a superior mozzarella cheese made from Italian water buffalo milk, and imported fresh each week.
And Tomato San Marzano D.O.P.
are the only kind of tomatoes have been designated as the ONLY tomatoes that can be used for a TRUE Neapolitan style pizza.
Ask for a some chili oil to drizzle over the top and dip your crust in if you like a little kick!!
Toppings vs. purity...
If you're American, you're probably used to Supreme or Meat Lovers Deluxe style pizza --- more toppings the better.
In Napoli, this would be a crime... punishable by starvation or firing squad.
Neapolitan style pizza typically has more sauce than cheese, leaving a wet and slightly soggy middle which is why Italians dig in to their pies with a fork and knife.
When you taste The Bufala Verace in it's pure form, your outlook on pizza will be forever changed!!
With food and love,  -Ashley  P.S.
When you visit Pomo Pizzeria, please let them know you read my review.
And then, come back here and tell me about your experience.
I love to hear from my readers and get feedback from friends!

Phenomenal!
Spectacular food!
Great service!
AMAZING!
HIGHLY RECOMENDED!!!!
So delicious!!!!!
I eat here all the time and I have tried so many items on the menu, everything I have tried has been so amazing!!!!
LOVE THIS PLACE!

Lovely place, yummy food!
Authentic technique and flavors combined, they serve the best pizza in town!
The desert was awesome too!
Chocolate nutella filled cake and tiramisu - absolutely irresistable.

My husband and I were looking forward to trying out the location in Scottsdale.
The decor is nice, but we were there at the height of dinner time, which made it extremely noisy inside or out on the patio.
We both got our own pizzas that were from their daily special menu.
My husband's was a meat based pizza with red sauce and mine was vegetable based with red sauce.
Both of the pizzas were just ok. We both thought the sauce and seasonings were very bland.
We both don't anticipate returning in the future.

This is an "official-authentic" Italien restaurant, and I frequent it regularly.
But it is not just basic - it is gourmet.
My favorite waitress is Marie, and she waited on me today.
She should probably be given some sort of award or something as the best waitress I have ever had.
There is LIVE basil hanging on the wall.
For real.
Just walk up and see for yourself.
The olive oil is unbelievable.
I giant copper covered Pizza oven adds to the environment.
If you care, the salads are all organic.
And the optional chicken on the salads is organic raised.
They have both gluten free and regular food.
I have never had anything that was less than "unbelievably good" at this restaurant.
On the other side of the restaurant is a small cafe that opens in the morning before the main restaurant.
(Cafe is closed Sunday) It is the best expresso machine in Scottsdale, with the owner of the restaurant (sometimes) who actually knows how to make a real expresso or cappuccino.
You should understand how rare this is.
Note: The express or coffee you get in the main restaurant comes from the same expresso machine.
The pasteries remind me of being back in Italy.
You are not going to find an Italien place like this very often.
*Please take it easy on the wait staff, and please give them positive feedback when you write a review.
These folks work hard, and are subject to a lot of reviews online, because this restaurant is growing in popularity.
One night I took my entire staff to eat here, and we were treated like royalty, even though the place was super busy.
Warning:  The one negative thing I would say is that Pomo's destroys the Pizza-eating experience for me when I go to other pizza restaurants.
When I try eating what passes for pizza elsewhere, I just think to myself "this is definitely not Pomo's.
; - )   - Russell Wright

A must for all pizza lovers!
The authentic Italy taste is a tasty treat to dine for.
Plenty of space, in doors and out, to host a larger gathering and they are happy to host.
BONUS: Inside, there's a small Italian shop that sells Italian cheeses and meats.

My girlfriend and I decided to try this place for a girl's night out after reading the review in the paper.
We couldn't be happier that we did.
When we arrived the last free tables inside, we were told, we being held for reservations (understandable since the article came out that day) so we sat outside which was not uncomfortable at all.
The inside of the restaurant is gorgeous highlighted by a copper plated brick oven as the centerpiece, we were told about the oven and authentic Italian ingredients and preparation by our server Scott who is equally as attractive as the restaurant itself.
Since it was our first time there and neither of us know anything about Italian wine he gave us some great suggestions for wine and pizzas.
Everything was delicious.
The pizza is probably the best I have had in Phoenix.
The service was great.
And everything was quick without making you feel rushed.
Overall a great experience.

