The beer was great and reasonably priced for an airport.
I highly recommend the pretzels and cheese soup with a raj.

Had a popper burger.
Best darned burger I ever had.
1/2 pound of flavor perfectly grilled.
This monster with all the toppings was nearly impossible to take a bite out of.
I had to take a to go box for the fries because I was too full to eat them.
No wait for a table or food, but it was mid day on a Thursday, I can imagine on a busy travel day this place is packed with long waits.
If you have time it is worth it.

What an awesome addition to the PHX airport/ conveniently located in the high A gate section of terminal 4, this place covers three previous gates in space and has many of your favorite Four Peaks items.
I found the food to be as delicious as the outside locations and the service, though a little slow, was actually very friendly and hospitable.
You could see that there was indeed an effort to get it right and be speedy.
If you are going to eat here, be sure that you have at least an hour to spend.

Good beer (try the Hefeweizen), fresh food, and great prices.
I was seriously surprised by the prices- best I've seen for airports- and service.
It actually felt like a microbrewery and didn't have much of an airport feel to it.
The chicken Caesar salad was good but not phenomenal.
Overall a great experience

This weekend I had breakfast at the Four Peaks Brewing Company at PHX.
About a month ago, I had lunch at the actual Four Peaks Brewing Company in Tempe.
Due to laziness or just plain procrastination, I never reviewed the latter, but today I feel compelled to throw some love to 4PB.
Both times I've eaten at 4PB, the food has been very good.
Surprisingly good.
I didn't expect these tasty offerings from an establishment that is known for brewing beer.
On the morning I was at PHX, I ordered the Four Peaks Breakfast Beer Bread (From their website: Scrambled eggs, country potatoes, hickory smoked bacon, melted cheddar cheese, onions, green peppers, mushrooms and jalapeno hollandaise rolled in a house baked beer bread)  The beer bread tasted like a soft, fresh pita.
I would say better than most pita's I've had.
Everything inside went well together.
It was a lot of food too.
They serve it with a side of fruit, but I wasn't having it.
Ain't nobody got time for that.
I was using any stomach room I had for that delicious breakfast wrap.
Bottom line... if you're in the Terminal 4 - Gate A area of PHX and have time to grab some food, you won't go wrong with Four Peaks.

After winter storm Cleon we ended up in Phoenix instead of Albuquerque.
Ate lunch here and they had no problem switching out a meal when one of us changed out mind.
The kilt-raiser beer was refreshing.

I have been to the Four Peaks in Scottsdale and this is my first time at their Sky Harbor location.
I have had their sandwhich before but I have to say nothing beats their southwestern rolls.
yum!!
chicken, pepperjack cheese and green chiles, yum!
must try them.
They were very busy and our server, George P, was fantastic.
Attentive, turns tables over quickly, and boxed our food for us individually cause he knew we were getting on the plane, but didn't rush us out after we paid our bill, we felt comfortable wasting space while finishing our cocktails.

Is this spot seriously in an airport?
Seriously?
I still can't believe it...
In my humble and largely uniformed opinion, the Four Peaks location within the Phoenix airport is the epitome of airport dining.
For one, how amazing is it to have a local business offering a much more appealing option over your typical overpriced chain dining options at the terminal?
Secondly, this is not only a local business, it's a local brewery!
Lastly, the prices are ridiculously reasonable!
The setup is no frills and right down to business.
Bar in the center with numerous flat screen TVs (perfect for watching some NFL the day I was coming through) with tables and booths spread out around the perimeter of the restaurant.
It seems that this place can get pretty packed (are you surprised?
), so it may be difficult to get a larger party seated if you're hitting this spot at peak times (we had to split up our party of four).
Since Four Peaks is a brewery, let's talk about the suds, shall we?
The bottom line is that these guys seem to know what they're doing as they are putting out some tasty, quality brews.
While here, I had a pint each of the Hop Knot IPA and the Raj IPA (an English IPA).
The Hop Knot was good, but a bit lighter and less full bodied than I typically like my IPAs.
The Raj IPA, however, offered up that good hoppiness and bitterness.
Yum.
My buddy had the Hefeweizen and found it excellent as well.
Did I mention that the pints are only $4.50 here?
Yes, you heard right...a very reasonable price for freshly brewed local craft beer with character as opposed to other airport dining establishments where you're paying up to $10 for a pint of Miller Lite.
Thank you, Four Peaks!
Food wise, this spot again went above and beyond expectations.
I opted for the grilled chicken beer bread, and I've been craving it ever since.
Grilled chicken with artichokes, mushrooms, green peppers, red onions, and cheese all wrapped up in freshly baked beer bread.
This dish was way above and beyond any airport food I've had in the past.
Plus the sandwich was huge and came with a pile of delicious french fries...all for $10!
Seriously, the prices here are so very much worth it!
Next time you've got a layover in Phoenix, do yourself a favor and check this spot out!

I've been using Yelp for three years now, and never posted a review until now because this place just served me the best burger and fries I have ever eaten.
I can now die happy after this meal.

I was starving and kept putting off eating because we all know that airports can be busy and security checks can be long After getting through everything I was hungry and had about a good hour until my flight was boarding I was sooooo happy that this 4peaks was in my terminal I love the 4peaks near ASU campus and I frequent it many times  I love love love the Peach Ale It is a must  Bf and I shared a plate of chicken tenders and fries They were delicious  I really wanted to have a glass of Peach Ale but I didn't want to slam it and then be on the plane for 5 hours I was telling the server that and we both giggled She brought me a "sample" cup of Peach Ale which was enough to fulfill my mouths desire  Great service, it was a pretty busy time of the day but our server made sure to fill our glasses and check to see if we needed anything  Ugh now writing this has me hungry and wanting 4peaks

Best airport breakfast!
French toast includes fresh fruit- melon was soft and sweet, not the usual colored rocks.
Hash browns have plenty of red and green sweet peppers.
Coffee good.
Eggs not over cooked.
Highly recommended if you are out in A concourse.
Seating is limited for table service but you can get to go and sit in the adjoining area.
Counter service (Kimberly) very friendly and professional.

Burger and fries before flight.
Burger was dripping grease.
Not good.
Fries were better than average.
A cross between a steak fry shape and a curly fry texture.
All in all, I've seen and had better.
Also lose the 1980s dance track music.
Seriously.
It must have been 80s station on satellite radio.

Okay, this is airport food and pricing.
That said, having a choice of better than average beers and decent food at an airport is enough to make me come back.
That and they were open late when I had a later plane change makes them a winner.

Friendly & fast service Good thick burgers served with crispy  steak fries.
Real lettuce, tomato & onion.
Order came out faster than expected.
... really good for airport food.

Had a 2 1/2 hour layover stopped in for a bite to eat and an ale was pleasantly suprised by the selection of micro brews.
Enjoyed a very tasty hop-knot as well the peach ale a very refreshing twist on an interesting brew.

Only had an order of french fries before my flight and they were really great.
Not overly greasy and cooked to my liking.
Crisp on the outside fluffy on the inside.
Staff was super busy so you need to get their attention but they are helpful once they are taking your order.
Enough seating to accommodate everyone when I was there but it seems to fill up.

Had a layover in Phoenix and decided to grab a drink in the terminal, bar was full but finally found an open spot at the bar top here.
The lovely bartender politely greeted me and took my drink order and returned promptly.
$20 for 2 doubles, SWEET!
Soon after multiple dirty glasses were continually dropped with in inches of me, several glasses at a time.
I thought... 'Well this is rude".
I let it go several times, scouted out the manager and guess what... Low and behold who could it be that now so rudely joins his rude and inappropriate staff by slamming a dirty pint glass in front of me?
Yes the manager... Oh Game on...
I politely approach him, confirmed he was in fact the manager and "I would have thought you'd know better and have more respect to drop dirty empty glasses directly in front of a paying guest".
His response "well this is my service well, this is where I put them, where else could I put them" my response... After pointing out other feasible options.. Oh it is?
Well maybe you shouldn't have let me be served in your 'service well' without letting me know this minor detail.
I pointed out that it is in no way separated from the bar, no bar mats, no pitchers, just a plain old open bar top.
He said "yes you shouldn't have been served here".
He walked away with his head down cowardly, taking no accountability, giving no apology.
I understand that this is a airport terminal and you don't get 'regulars' but this means MANAGEMENT/STAFF should strive to make the pitstop kinda experience more memorable and not be complete douchebags

I had a  short layover at PDX on my way home from Mexico.
Four Peaks was right across from my gate and since I was in desperate need of an IPA after drinking crappy Mexican beers for the past two weeks, decided to give it a try.
The place was packed and the staff was really busy but I was able to score a seat at the bar and the cute bartender quickly brought me a tasty Raj IPA.I also had the Bavarian pretzels which were just OK - a little too gooey with a lot of butter melted on them.
Based on the beer, I'd definitely go back the next time I'm at PDX

finally got to phoenix after a 4 hour delay in Newark.
Glad to have gotten off of the plane an not sit so we went to look for some food.
The place was busy and the reviews looked good so we decided to try it out.
Ordered the pretzel and quesadilla.
The pretzel was extremely salted down with butter/oil.
It was so slippery to even hold.
Had to get napkins to soak up all of the fatty oils.
The quesadilla was greasy as well.
It was oily for some reason.
Wasn't too happy.
Lacked chicken.
And a glass of wine was $9.00.
Not worth the $30.00.
Thought the day could get somewhat better.

Four Peaks has it all, good brews, quality food and a great spacious area to watch whatever game is on at the time.
It is the ultimate sports bar.
Be sure to check out the oatmeal stout which is heavy but flavorful, the peach brew which has a sweet kick to it and the kilt lifter which is somewhere in-between.
The place was busy as far as getting table went but we only had to wait 20 min for a group of 8 which gave me a chance to try as many beers as I could.
Can't wait till I'm back out in the area to go back to 4 peaks.

Normally for an airport restaurant I would say Four peaks is pretty good, but with all the new dining choices at PHX, it's okay at best.
When we sat down the server went through a list of all the things they were out of... not a good start.
I ordered a veggie burger prepared in the jalapeño popper style with fries and beer, and the hubby ordered wings.
My burger came out cold... not luke warm... cold!
It wasn't cold because it had sat too long, it was cold because they didn't heat it up enough.
It was clearly a frozen veggie patty (FAIL) that they probably threw on the grill and attempted to heat up for about 2-3 minutes... neither the cheese or the cream cheese were melted at all.
That should have been their first clue.
My beer was okay, the glass wasn't chilled so it went luke warm quick.
Despite the initial fail on the burger, the server was prompt to check on us and get it corrected.
When my new order came out it was the proper temperature and pretty tasty.
Overall the experience was just okay... they need to work on the details.

Beer was cold but the food was greasy.
The service was excellent though which makes up for a lot.

Deandre was quick to serve, attentive, and offered a tasting of the beer before purchase.
Great service, a nice beer, and an enjoyable meal while waiting for my flight.

Had a couple of hours to kill before my flight.
This place was busy and the wait was about 20 minutes.
Everyone there was probably on the same flight.
Ended up getting a table and the restaurant pretty much cleared out.
Ordered a whiskey and ginger ale to start things off.
Server offered me a double for $2 extra.
Of course I'll do a double!
Then we ordered our food and a beer.
I ordered the Popper Burger (has cream cheese and jalapenos and crispy onion strings).
I ordered the burger to be cooked medium.
The burger was super dry.
Also had a couple of beers to chill on and go with the food before the flight.
Good food to fill you up and grab a drink or two.
Burger wasn't impressive.
Beer was good though.

I am completely blown away by the food options at Sky Harbor.
With this place and Humble Pie, these are restaurants I would patronizee outside the airport.
Four Peaks has a nice open layout and plenty of TVs.
The bartender new his beer so when he recommended the Kilt Lifter I went with it.
Ordered the Italian Beef Beer Bread which had roast beef with sautéed red onion, green peppers, mushrooms, mozzarella and a garlic honey mayo rolled in their fresh baked beer bread.
This is one of the best wraps I have had.
The beer bread has much more character and depth than regular wraps.
I loved it.

Great selections of beer from the local micro brewery.
I only wish I had more time to eat.
The menu offers a good selection of better than average airport food.
Decent prices without gouging the travellers.
Much appreciate the fast service, knowledgable staff, and beer descriptions.

Should have had a beer and not the 'battered' fries.
Unfortunately they were tasteless , which is odd for fried potatoes.
No amount of salt, pepper or ketchup would have woken these denizens of the fryer.
The staff were busy, but competent.
Impressive.
At least on this day one business had enough staff to take care of the customer.

Got the Four Peaks Cheeseburger, which is a charbroiled patty with swiss cheese and fries for $9.50 (with tax is $10.19).
Overall, not bad but not amazing.
Juicy but over cooked (medium rare seemed medium well).
Fries were a little overly salty.. but not bad.

A little gem while waiting for my flight at Sky Harbor Airport.
The salad I got was decent size.
For airport food, it's actually pretty good.
The best part of the meal was their selection of beer.
They had a selection of six of their beer.
I was interested in the Peach Ale but did not want to order a sweet beer.
I ended up with a half and half: half Four Peaks Brewing Peach Ale and half of their Hefe.
It was only $5 (I think) and it was delicious.
They have an adapter and two USB outlets for you to charge your various devices while you wait for your flight.
I like this place and would definitely look for this place again when I find myself in transit at Sky Harbor Airport!

Solid hop knot and sweeter kilt lifter.
Can get crowded but worth the wait if your schedule permits.
Variable service makes this 4 stars but most staff and menu items can push 5 considering its in an airport.

Ugh.
Airport food.
Good beer.

Airport bars are crazy, Not bad but the service was not great.
I ordered IPA and enjoyed people watching but I was no offered another and I was handed my check before I was  ready to leave.
I love to drink but not in a rush.

Yay!
The pretzel is vegan possible.
Just make sure to ask for no butter!
Also, the fries have egg so be careful.
The beers are great and watching people scurry around the airport.

4 stars because this is a welcome sight for a 1 hour layover.
Never been to Arizona but I appreciate a local brewery experience.
I didn't try any of the food.
Had Kilt Lifter and Oatmeal Stout, both pretty decent and then back on the plane.

The only things I liked at this place were the environment, there were outlets to charge your electronics and over all it was comfortable.
However, I was assisted by rude hostage, who didn't even bother to walk me to the table and was more interested in having a conversation with the other hostages.
It doesn't stop there, the waitress was unfriendly, argued with another server in front of me and she let me take my time to decide what I wanted only to later tell me that, they were only severing food from the first place.
Then, the food came and it looked very appetizing but looks were deceiving, for it had no flavor at ALL.
The service was not only slow but it was also very poor, on top of that, the food didn't even come close to making up for it.
So in conclusion, will I ever go there again, nope, NEVER.
(Unless I was dieing of starvation)....
I hope they take this review seriously and make the necessary changes!

As a local and a frequent traveler, I am really excited about the transformation happening in Sky Harbor terminal four.
Local restaurants like Matt's Big Breakfast, Chelsea's Kitchen, Delux and others are replacing Burger King and your typical airport fare.
I don' think Four Peaks has gotten the memo that airport food can be good.
On my way to my gate this morning I decided to give Four Peaks a try.
I ordered a coffee (a bit lukewarm- but ok) and the Brewers Breakfast.
I am not sure if I read the menu incorrectly but it said "eggs".
I ordered eggs over easy and was given what tasted like powdered scrambled eggs.
If the only option was scrambled - the waitress should have said that when I ordered them fried.
So I have had powered eggs before and I can handle it.
But the breakfast potatoes were really bad.
The best way to describe them was waterlogged.
I rarely don't finish my plate, even at the most mediocre restaurant - but one bite was enough.
Even the toast was pretty lame.
How can you make toast lame?
Not a great way to start the morning.
Should have just had a coffee at Pete's or Starbucks.
I am sure the beer is good - but they need to give the food some serious attention.

Good beer, but the food was a little lackluster.
It's located in an airport, so the service can fluctuate depending on how busy the terminal is at any given moment.
That being said, they've got a big space with a lot of seats, so you probably won't have to wait too long even in a busy hour.

Amazing beer selection if you're into craft style beers.
Had the chicken quesadilla which I now higly recommend.
Great place if you have 20 minutes or a few hours!

I stopped by Four Peaks Brewing Co for two beers before my flight in the PHX airport.
My bill totaled $12.88 to which I tipped $5 for a combined total for $17.88.
Later that night, I was checking my bank account and noticed the waitress/cashier instead charged my card $20.00.
While I realize $2.12 is not very much money in the grand scheme, it's ridiculous that the staff took an already good tip of close to 30% and increased it to that of 55%.
Needless to say, check your bank accounts after you eat at this restaurant.

$5 craft beer pints.
In an airport.
Whaaaaa??
Best.
Airport.
Deal.
Ever.
Even though it's cheap beer, don't expect the quality to disappoint.
They put out a good product!
If you're looking for a beer in the airport, do yourself a favor and stop in here so you can get a real beer, vs. some $8 macro crap served in most other airport bars.
Their wheat and IPA were good, but don't take my word for it...Untappd and BeerAdvocate like their product as well.
Don't fall into the trap of the 20oz beer though; at $7, it's more expensive per ounce.
$16 oz is where it's at.

I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed my experience here.
I'm never typically a fan of airport restaurants.
The food is usually overpriced and average.
And although I felt the food was still overpriced it was still good.
Another plus, usually bars that are known for beers typically suck at cocktails.
And I hate beer...
So I was thrown off that when I ordered a margarita it tasted good.
Like really good.
So good I ordered another one.
And stopped after the second one because I kept gigglingb when the Canadian next to me said "aboot".
Good enough for me.

Just stopped by on a quick whim to try the Kilt Lifter per a recommendation of a friend.
The service was fast and that particular beer was good.
Finding a seat was hard as it was crowded!
But that is good, as the atmosphere was quite lively.
Will definitely return if I'm passing through this location again.

I like to get the brewer's breakfast and coffee.
Service is usually quick and easy -- I'm typically in and out in under 20 minutes.
Servers typically bring the bill with the second cup of coffee.
The breakfast menu is good by 'airport food standards'.

During a recent vacation, we found ourselves in a different gate area (A) than normal and hoped for some breakfast options to enjoy before heading out of town.
I was pretty excited when I saw Four Peaks and that they were open for breakfast!
I love Four Peaks and will always continue to support them by enjoying their amazing beer and tasty food for lunch/dinner, but one thing I can't say I loved was their breakfast at the airport.
The environment was great and this would be a perfect spot during the lunch/dinner hours, but the breakfast menu was very limited and included a beer bread breakfast option, breakfast burrito and a basic egg meal (among a couple other items).
I went with the basic egg meal which came with eggs, bacon and toast.
It filled me up but I would have loved a little more flavor and flare!
Luckily they had mimosas when we got there so I enjoyed one but learned they ran out of them during while we were dining.
Unfortunately our waitress, Kemberly, was a little stressed when we dined in and was pretty unhappy (and expressed it to me) when I asked to borrow a pen when we first sat down.
The pen never arrived and it wasn't until the check came that she finally asked if I still needed the pen.
This was about 40 minutes later.
By then I had figured out another solution to find a pen.
While our breakfast experience at the airport Four Peaks was not what I would have hoped for one of my favorite breweries in town, I will give it another chance in the future but not during breakfast-time.
Hopefully we get a nicer server next time around!

The main thing going for this place is the beer.
Duh, its a brewery.
It's still an airport with airport food and airport people.
The servers and hostess seemed unhappy and hurried.
I overheard at multiple tables that they were out of things.
I ordered a soup and wilted salad.
Glad I didn't spend more on overpriced airport fare.
Tip: stick with the beer!

I absolutely love Four Peaks!
They have my favorite beer (Peach Ale) and an amazing Chicken Salad Pita and Outstanding pasta salad.
I love the busy but upbeat feel here and go all the time with friends.
I am dreaming of the Peach Ale right now..
If visiting AZ this place is AMAZING and has something to offer for even the pickist of eaters.
Enjoy!

I have been here a few times.
Good food and good beer!
There are power outlets at the bar and some of the tables.
The service is always a challenge though.

Don't drink the water!
Tastes like camels ass!
Turkey club was not great, bread was cold.
Popper burger was ok, and the beer could have been colder.
We wanted to charge our phones and we were told to leave the restaurant so they could seat guests in our seats.
We would have bought more beer, but guess not.
Don't come here!

Stopped for breakfast while waiting for my connection in PHX.
Food quality was really poor.
Wilted fruit, soggy home fried and an undercooked egg.
Would not recommend to a friend.

Best airport beer / food / service I've had.
Micky the bartender was great and the hop knot ipa was excellent even for a beer snob like me.

the fries and chicken strips were excellent.
the iced tea too.
the salad sucked...but that's what i deserve for ordering a salad at an airport sports bar.
i would come back

