The Burgers are better than okay, price is reasonable, you get your own drinks.
Since this place is new there is a door opener and security.
The place reminds of a 5 and diner, like back on some old 60's movies.
The staff is nice and are glad to help you out with the menu section.

Everything is nice and neat and clean really nice & New restaurants, little bit smoky I have a little better.
I did not like the help coming to my table when i was eating asking for the condiment so they can refill them as I was eating, not a good thing i had to stop eating just to help this guy,

New location opened in an old Wendy's about three months ago.
I had the Mexican burger Sweet potato fries and a soda.
"Meh.
" The fries were very good, the burger was not that great and cold in the middle, and the servers were very friendly.
I will go back and try another style of burger thinking maybe I ordered the wrong thing.
Maybe, I will also try the location on Central too since I hear such rave reviews on that restaurant.

I go to Lenny's Burger Shop at 2737 W Indian School at least twice a week.
I love the location, because its close to my work, and the burgers have always been amazing.
The retro atmosphere is inviting and reminiscent of places my mom used to tell me about.
The customer base seems loyal and the people are charming.
In the past, I've referred many of my friends and customers there.
That is until now.
I would be embarrassed if any of my associates has an experience like I did yesterday.
We went through drive-thru this time and ordered 2 garlic mushroom burger combos (one with no tomatoes) and two pepsi's.
Simple enough right?
Our drive-thru worker must have been toking on something from one of the local dispensaries.
Her response to our order?
"Um... wait... What?
I'm confused.
You want extra tomatoes?
No?
Uh......What?
" We remained pleasant and patient, even though we were seriously craving our mushroom burgers, walking her through the order again.
Everything else went fine.
That is, until we got home and unwrapped this horrible excuse of a burger.
Just the site of it made me want to vomit.
Before I go off too much, I should say the soggy excuse of a burger was actually my husband's.
This, oddly enough was the burger withOUT tomatoes.
He always orders without tomatoes to avoid a soggy, wet burger.
Burger backfire!
What a disgusting pile of goo.
I can't believe anyone in their right mind would send this out to hungry, loyal customers.
Mine, came out looking beautiful, but was ice cold, and dried out.
Hope you find my review constructive.
My husband's words?
"Sh*tty burger.
" Yep, sure was.
The fries were amazing as always, but it wasn't enough for me to rate this experience with anything more than a 1.
Very disappointing, Lenny's Burger Shop.
You went from being super cool to super nasty.
You owe my poor starving, hard-working husband a bigger, better burger!

I followed up with Lenny's Burger Shop and spoke with a manager by the name of Gina.
I don't know if she was embarrassed or frustrated with speaking to me about my "wet burger".
She asked if I had a receipt, I said I did, and we exchanged names.
After she learned that I had a receipt, she seemed a little friendlier, and told me next time I was in the area to stop by and they would remake the sandwich.
Today, I just stopped by to pick up our remake burger, and to order more burgers for the office.
We had a huge runaround from the employees who said Gina " didn't tell them anything.
" And even after showing them my receipt, with Gina's name on it, they told me I could only get my remake during Gina's hours, but then couldn't tell me when Gina would be back.
This isn't something I normally do.
I certainly don't need a free burger.
But I do expect a company to make due with what's right.
These employees made us feel like criminals for trying to get a decent burger.
I'm highly disappointed, and Gina will certainly be getting an ear full from me, whenever she works again.
Horrible way to run a business.
I sincerely hope Lenny's steps it up, because there is a lot of competition for good burgers in this town.
I'll stick with burger joints who value their customers.

Wow ... what a disappointment.
Someone spent quite a bit of money to fancy up this location from the previous restaurant.
Neon lights, stainless steel 50's look and a lot of fun theme stuff hanging on the walls.
Remember going to the Lenny's on Cave Creek next to the Red Onion back in the early 90's.
The burgers were really good and they actually delivered them to my apartment.
Not sure if this is the same Lennys dude as before.
It almost seems like it could maybe be his sister's nephew's second cousin's roommate.
The food is a lot different than before.
This particular location is more of a chain style restaurant.
You definitely get a lot of food per square inch for the money.
Just not the kind of quality food that makes me want to come back for more.
Ordered a Chili Cheese Dog and a Triple Cheese Burger and ate inside.
Service was friendly and the place was relatively clean.
Received my food and was amazed at how poorly it tasted.
The burger seemed kinda smashed.
I mean the bun and not the burger meat.
Just lacked any type of flavor in general.
The Hot Dog was not much better.
Sorry Lenny or whoever you are these days.
I'll spend a little more money next time and go for the real McCoy.
Give them a try and see what you think.
Hear each location can be different.
BURP!
2.5 STARS

I had tried this location (27th/Indian School) shortly after they opened.
To be honest I had never tried Lenny's before and was anxious to finally get my hands on what everyone said were great burgers.
My first visit was through the drive-thru.
I ordered the #1 and took it home.
Since I live at least 20 minutes away, by the time I got home everything was cold.
Needless to say I was disappointed, but not the restaurants fault, or at least I thought.
Today the girls and I visited and ate in.
We ordered the #1 combo and the fish  sandwich.
Before I get to the bad part, I will say the fries were great as are the drinks.
The burgers and fish are another story.
HOW can you absolutely ruin a burger!!!
Well this Lenny's found a way.
The burger was tasteless, the bun was cold and fell apart.
Even adding mustard didn't add any flavor.
No ZING, no ZAP, nada.
What a disappointment.
I didn't try the fish sandwich, but my friend said it was very greasy and had too much breading.
Now for the atmosphere.
Beautiful and clean inside, but being at 27th/Indian School I wasn't surprised that the whole time we were eating there a homeless man with all his belongings sound asleep in a booth close by.
As we were leaving a group of homeless were refilling their CircleK cups (yes Polar Cups) with water....where is the manager?
Alas, my second trip was also a bust.

