This place rocks!
The drinks are totally cheap!
24/7 you can get a beer on draft along with a shot of Jack for just $3.75, plus if you play the slots, you drink for free, and I usually don't do too bad on the slots!
I love caveman keno, & my best friend sticks with video poker.
They have a pool table, tons of games, a rockin' juke box, free slot tourney's, and awesome bartenders.
It is a bit of dive bar, but that's what makes it charming!
I love the patio too :)   If you are looking for a chill place with cheap drinks, you must give this place a shot!
One thing I wish they had, that keeps me from saying 5 stars is they don't serve food.
Even free chips & salsa (or for a small charge) would be better than nothing.
But hey, it's still worth it for the drinks!

$2-3 well cocktails, $1-1.50 beers, open 24/7, friendly service.
(Prices may vary, but you get the idea.
) Jukebox, pool tables, sports and such on the TVs.
A great little neighborhood dive-ish bar that is comfortable, clean, and always happy to serve.
It's a large bar area, with additional areas for billiards, seating, etc.
You can gamble on video games if you so choose, play some tunes, or just sit and shoot the breeze.
Nothing more than what they claim to be, Inn Zone has been there at the end of a long night (or, to be fair, sometimes at the beginning of one!

Cheap drinks, friendly bartenders, all in all a great neighborhood bar.
They have a pool table, Golden Tee, a jukebox, Big Buck, and they've started serving food again!
A nice little place to grab a quick drink solo, or get together with friends for a chill night.

AVOID!
We spent 1.5hrs listening to the bartender and her 'girl'friends' peel the paint off the wall w vulgarity while ignoring my empty beer.
I understand its a bar and a patron should assume an 'R' rating in conversation, but having to listen to the bartender and her friends discuss in graphic detail the looseness, levels of hygiene, hairyness, and odors of the various "meat curtains" (their words not mine) they've encountered during their sexual exploits.
It was funny for a few minutes, but it was as though the employee and the friends were competing for volume and "who could be the most vulgar".
Meanwhile my beer sat empty for over 20 mins.
This was during mid-afternoon (2pmish) and there were a total of 7 people in the bar including us AND the employed bartender.
The only good thing was the well-above-average wings and burger that came from the cook in the adjoining kitchen in the back.
Apparently its a separate establishment from the actual bar so you have to pay two checks (more annoying than it sounds).
There are some fun looking games and the setup seems cool, but the place is littered with homemade looking placards declaring the 'odds' on their machines and all sorts of random messages - all of which are unrelated to good times, booze, and food.
It appears as though the owner has an incredible fascination with making everyone aware of their video poker payouts, odds, in house games, etc.
Sooo weird!
Look, put up a sign or two or make notations, but c'mon, over 20 LARGE placards all around and on the front doors?
All in all -- TERRRRRIBLE experience.
We wont return and we chuckle every time we drive by.

This review is for the restaurant side, not the bar (haven't been in).
Good bar food cheap.
The wings and pizza are really good.
This could be a really good sports bar but you can only see one or 2 TVs at a time and the layout is weird.
Good specials!
I used restaurant.com & we had 20 wings, 10" pizza + 2 sodas for $18 inc. tip If you order $10 in food get $5 bar credit or $3 pitcher of Busch.

Great food, friendly atmosphere!
There are lots of games, video gaming, a pool table, tvs, drink specials for people wearing a jersey on game day!
The food is Chicago style and ridiculously good.

Great food!
It's all Chicago style so it's a little different but it's delicious, mouthwatering, and worth every penny yet reasonably priced.
I had the burger with sliced beef and BBQ sauce, yum!
My girl had some garlic bites with marinara sauce and chicken tenders which were all fantastic.
On the bar side, there are great drink specials during the game, tvs and video games and video gaming.

For a recent Green Bay Packers game, we decided to go to Inn Zone!
This place has been around for a while and as long as I've been living in Las Vegas (6 years now), I've been going to the Inn Zone.
What I like and dislike at the same time, is the location.
On one end, it's in the middle of all the action on Eastern Ave.  You literally have EVERYTHING to choose from.
Banks, restaurants, fast food joints, pet stores, grocery stores, gas stations, other retail stores and more!
At the same time, it's definitely an over crowded street.
Sometimes it's just easier to avoid!
When you enter the location, you will immediately notice that the place is super smokey, so please be advised!
There's an open area with ample seating and a circular display of big screen TVs with multiple games.
Really good if your group has a love for different teams...like our group had.
The second room is the bar area.
Lots of ample seating, however, my only suggestion is to knock down the glass wall that separates the first room from the bar.
The bar seems like a chamber!
I feel bad for the bartenders if they don't smoke.
It almost burns the eye!
I honestly couldn't remember what I ordered.
There were plates of food that my group shared:  Tater tots, cheese fries, wraps, sandwiches, all between $5-$10.
The food is nothing special, just bar food, but great when you're drinking.
For drinks, we had bloody Marys, beers and shots.
I think I paid a total of $30 that day and had a few bloodys and a beer.
The drinks are reasonable, the food is cheap, the staff is cool.
I don't necessarily put this place on the top of my list, however, I wouldn't mind going back for another ball game.
It's a chill, laid back joint.

Went there a 2nd time since the bartender was good but this time was horrible!!!
We got our drinks pretty quickly considering there were about 4 other people at the bar.
Ordered some wings since that's why we went there and cut to 35 minutes later you could find us walking out and went to another place!!
Worst service EVER and I would never recommend this place and would never go back needless to say!!

I was pleasantly surprised by this place.
It's dive-y and not unlike most other neighborhood, chain, 24/7 bar establishments.
But what sets this spot apart for me is the friendly bartenders and the abundance of $0.05 games.
Yep, $0.05 video poker, keno, etc.
My $20 sure goes a lot further when I'm playing $0.05 instead of $0.25.
And that is awesome.
I haven't tried any of the food here.
If you are a non-smoking fan, they do have a dining room that is separate from the bar.
This definitely has the potential to become a go-to neighborhood spot for me.

My favorite low-key spot!
Food takes awhile to come outta the kitchen but still tastes great.
The pizza is the best!
Cheap drinks, great atmosphere to just relax with friends.
Not all Inn Zones are created equal!

I wanted to review Pizza Mike's A Slice of Chicago At The Inn Zone.
They sent out their menu to our neighborhood and I thought why not give them a try with the coupon 16" pizza & pop $14.95!
Best Pizza I have ever had.
Well done Mike we will come back for that.

Let me just start off by saying that the bar staff is great.
This is more a review of pizza mikes which Is the food vendor at the St rose location of inn zone.
To be honest I have eaten here several times and its always very decent for the amount you pay.
(The food is pretty cheap) .
The problem that I have is after eating in here a couple of times I have started to notice that they round up your bill quite a bit.
It used to be a few cents, but tonight when I ate there they rounded up a 12.50 bill for Chicago fries and Chicago beef to 20 dollars..... so I guess I'm just saying if you do want some food while you are here maybe you should ask for an itemized bill.
So in conclusion, their food is good  and priced decently, but make sure your server is not trying to scam you out of a 50% + tip.

