New cigar shop that just opened.
Nice lounge, friendly people, and great cigars.
It's open late, which is really convenient.

I love this place.
It is close to my home with good prices good selection and a very nice staff.
I will be making this place my second home.

This place is really great.
Owner is super friendly and nice.
Real comfortable - you can hang out and smoke a cigar.
Very relaxed and good prices.

Great chill spot, friendly and GREAT PRICES, And friendly service selection is top notch.
I visit the place several times a week.

I like to browse the Yelp app for stores I didn't know about and we were close by this cigar spot so we popped in  We went into the humidor and immediately I noticed the smell was swampy and the humidity was thick.
Sometimes with certain configurations it can feel thick if it humidifies in burst, but it should not smell like stagnant water.
The humidity is on the higher side, probably 70's judging by the feel, but I looked on a hydrometer that said 73.
I look anyways and the selection didn't have any crazy rarities, but it looked to be a decent enough selection.
There was a guy sitting by the humidor door and he said hi when we walked in, but he never came into the humidor to help us at all.
There was no one at the shop so I find it weird whenever no one engages any conversation.
First time there so you would think they would want to approach a customer and find out if they're newbies who need some guidance, or serious S/B OTLs (sisters/brothers of the leaf).
Didn't say anything to us as we were leaving, we ended up being the one who said bye.
It's open late, until midnight so I suppose if you're itching for a stogie late night this place is available.
For me though, swamp smell is too offputting.
We keep our wineadors and table top humidors pristine so I would feel it fair to hold a business to that standard of being kept.
There are other more engaging B&M staff that make me want to sit there and hang.

Lover colonial cigar lounge.
Having an Undercrown with my friends beautiful night in vegas.

Father's Day deal at colonial cigar lounge.
Buy five cigars and get one free at equal or lesser value.
Or buy dad 25 cigars and get a free locker rental for three months.
Give dad the gift of relaxation at our lounge.
Happy Father's Day all.

Nice shop with a very good selection and good prices.
Friendly staff and somewhat close to strip without strip prices.
Will definitely return.

Great place to hang out.
Good selection.
And the management takes the time to hang out!
Worth the trip.

Great selection of cigars and beautiful, comfortable lounge with several flat screens to enjoy sports and other events while relaxing and puffing away.
There's a florist and a few other shops I enjoy visiting while my boyfriend smokes and hangs out with his cigar buddies.
Even though I don't smoke I love hanging out in the Lounge as long as my boyfriend allows, just to take in the rich, full scents of fine cigars.

