For an inaugural festival, Life is Beautiful outdid themselves.
They really transformed downtown Las Vegas into something spectacular filled with food, music, art, and learning.
For a first year event it was really well-organized.
The VIP experience was worth it as the Zappos sponsored Recharge Retreat including all complimentary cocktails, massages, braid bar, candy bar, and more.
The retreat stayed open throughout which was great for getting drinks and VOSS bottled water on a hot day.
You don't get the high quality of food at music festivals like the kinds we saw at LIB.
Most dishes at the Culinary VIllage were $10/plate and were from some of the biggest names such as Nobu Las Vegas and Tom Colicchio's 'wichcraft.
The layout was massive with multiple stages and a scale that I heard was even greater than Coachella but with a less crowds.
It made for a lot of walking but there was so much to see that even going from 12pm to 11:30pm, we still weren't able to see everything the festival had to offer.
Imagine Dragons put on a great homecoming performance of "Radioactive" with Cirque du Soleil cast members performing alongside the Las Vegas based band in what they exclaimed was the true Vegas style of "doing it big.
"  Dawes put on one of the better performances of the day and they are definitely a band to keep your eye out for.
They sounded amazing!
My only complaint was the taxi line at the end of the night which could have been handled much more smoothly if they had more staff.
The local police officers did the best they could with the masses but there just weren't enough taxis.
But, since the whole thing was an almost flawless experience, I left repeating what many of the artists echoed throughout the night: "life is beautiful!

Just came back from a spontaneous trip to Life is Beautiful music festival!
I had an amazing opportunity to come to this festival with the VIP experience and it was worth the last minute drive.
The concept of having music, arts, learning, and FOOD all together in one is a great concept and congrats to the creators for putting together a solid show for the first year!
We got to explore a chef demonstration earlier in the day from Aaron Sanchez.
They had nice air conditioning and HD tvs inside the tents to enjoy the demonstration and they were giving away free chef hats.
The Culinary Village was nothing I've ever seen at other music festivals.
It was well organized with cute hipster decorations.
I never saw an extremely long line because they just had so many great quality vendors to choose from.
One of the highlights was the Recharge Retreat sponsored by Zappos.
It was like a perfect party for a girl's night out.
They offered complimentary 10 minute massages, a fun little braid bar, a photobooth, and open bar.
A little part of me didn't want to leave but I had to check out the bands.
There were vendors and booths throughout the area with big hearts and cool street art.
They really revamped downtown Las Vegas which was in need of a desperate makeover.
All the music artists put on a solid show with no disruptions.
The VIP area had a little seating area by the bar and was sectioned off to the front side.
I wish I was able to stay Sunday night with a stronger lineup.
Only thing I hope for next year is to have MUSE come perform!!
Oh, and improve those annoying taxi lines.
Cheers to a beautiful weekend!

Alabama Shakes and some craft beer!
Good times here as I randomly attended with Leigh.
Was psyched to hear Cayucas too.

We had been planning for this weekend since it was announced, we immediately booked a room at Golden Nugget (before they jacked up the room prices for the festival), we downloaded the app and planned our two days.
First day we arrived around 1 and got the party started at the Alchemy Garden.
They had a beer section, wine section and cocktail area.
We walked by the wine section, Rombauer had caught my eye, until I saw they were charging $16 for 3 oz pours.
So we went to the beer area, so excited they had Radler Grapefruit, $9 a glass.
They were advertising Strongbow, but apparently it didn't get delivered.
So then we went to the cocktail area, I had an amazing jalapeño cocktail, for $13, it was mostly ice, I literally had 4 sips.
Food-honestly wasn't too impressed with the food.
The only thing I really liked were these crab garlic fries they sold near the main stage.
We went around to the culinary village, I tried some elote from Nacho Daddy, $6 and the corn was so dry it seemed likes it was out all day.
Then went to grab some shrimp mac n cheese and was able to meet Hubert Keller at his booth, I really expected more, it was terrible.
I have to say our favorite was the food from Park on Fremont.
I spent an obscene amount of money on food and alcohol and I wasn't excited with the menus.
Hung out at the Culinary Tents where they were doing cooking demos (honestly we hung out more for the AC in the tents) but that was a fun way to kill some time.
I wish they had more areas for people to sit down.
Also, trash.
Trash was everywhere.
Need more trash cans around.
Bathrooms, we used the El Cortez's bathroom the entire time.
Plenty if port-a-potties but I'm not a user.
We thought we'd grab a drink inside at one of their bars, but they also jacked up their prices, $12 cocktails for a really small pour.
All in all, it was pretty well organized for such a huge first time event.
I don't see myself spending another $140 next year.
Surrounded my an entire sea of Urban Outfitter hipsters, I think I'd rather pay the money for a seat inside a nice venue to see the bands I like.
Call me bougie or high maintenance, guess I'm just too old for this shit.

The community: This event transformed downtown Las Vegas.
I live near the festival grounds and was able to see the change over the course of the last two weeks.
The murals and all of the other artwork are amazing and will stay now that the festival is over.
The food: the culinary village was so much different than any food you can get at other festivals.
Where else are chefs like Rick Moonen and Hubert Keller helping cook and serve dishes from pumpkin gnocchi to braised lamb tacos?
Drinks were a little overpriced ($8 beer and $13 cocktails) if you went to a festival tent but the bars on Fremont had good normal prices.
I saw Todd English at the chefs on stage but left after I realized id rather see more music artists (not that exciting).
The music: the artists definitely skewed more indie/alternative rock.
Imagine Dragons and The Killers provided the best sets and you could tell they were excited I be performing for their hometown audience.
Janelle Monae, Childish Gambino, and the Joy Formidable were also amazing.
Monae's cover of the Jackson 5 and the Childish Gambino freestyle were great surprises.
Kings of Leon was kind of a disappointment - I like their music but there wasn't much energy at that show.
Las Vegas Brought the best: the addition of pop-up Cirque shows on Fremont were great teasers and something you are only going to get here.
The longer Michael Jackson cirque performance in the main stage was a highlight of my weekend.
Life was beautiful and I can't wait to go back again next year (hopefully getting an early bird ticket for a discounted price).

I had a great time at LIB.
I was able to ride my bike over both days.
They had bike racks set up outside the front entrance.
I felt entrance to the festival was pretty organized.
The only issue being on the 2nd day there were some drunk idiots arguing about why the couldn't bring in their previously opened cigarette box.
I chalked that mostly up to audience entertainment though.
I thought the stages were well marked and easy to find.
There was a lot of room, and I never felt too crowded..
Even when masses of people were leaving a show.
The app was a great addition.
I liked that you could easily see a little about the bands.
It gave me an idea of who I wanted to check out.
I was able to see some really great unknown artists.
That's what these festivals are all about for me.
Food.
The first day I had some absolutely delicious lamb tacos ($10) it was from a restaurant in the Tropicana.
They were topped with goat cheese.
Yummy!
The second day I had a not so great shrimp mac and cheese (I think from Burger Bar) I was not impressed.
I also had a slice of cheese pizza from Spicy Pie, which was delicious as usual.
A friend of mine had the garlic fries...
I tried a few and they were pretty good.
Drink.
I really like that they let you bring in unopened bottle water bottles & empty Camelbaks.
It wasn't really hot enough to need 2 full liters..
So I just brought in one bottle.
It's nice to have the option though.
Both days I drank a few beers (mostly $8 or $9 Heineken) I agree the alcohol prices were outrageous...
I hope they find a way to lower them in the future, but not necessarily at the expense of raising ticket prices.
Music sounded great at any of the stages that I saw.
I loved all the extra touches of art placed all over the place.
I really enjoyed a culinary demo with the guy from Chopped, Scott Conant (also owns Scarpetta) and ZZ Ward.
Both were very funny.
I even learned how to make a new pasta dish.
Yum!
(Tried it for dinner and it turned out great)  Trash: Obviously this was the biggest issue.
Not enough trash cans and they seemed to never get emptied.
I figure it took Coachella a few years to get the trash issue under control, so I'm willing to let this slide for a bit.
I'm sure they can figure something out.
I definitely thought Imagine Dragons made the show.. By far the best of Saturday, and of course The Killers killed it on Sunday.
I hope this is an annual event.
I'm glad I saw Beck perform (oldie but goodie) but, I'm sad that I missed Childish Gambino (I may be saying that wrong).
I had never heard of him before... but so many of my friends said he did an amazing job.

This was a great coup for downtown.
I was hesitant to pick up tickets because the line-ups were not too appealing to me and going to fests in general at my old age has lost much of its appeal.
After reading the hype leading up to it from the Weekly and such, I decided to go Sunday.
It turned out to be a great decision.
Having a fest like this in Vegas' urban core was a wonderful experience.
Everything I witnessed was so well organized.
The public art was my personal favorite - so many great and beautiful murals on dead buildings was a welcomed sight downtown.
Yes, food and drinks were a little pricey (some of it well worth it - pork belly from Nobu!
), but that is the reality of a festival of this size.
I find some of the hipsterphobia coming against this festival to be rather humorous.
Hipsters are about the most harmless group you could possibly attack, but people seem to be all against them.
Additionally, it is such an ill-defined term as it seems like any curmudgeon 30 or 40-something (acting like someone twice their age) cannot stand hipsters - which seems to now mean anyone who is young and likes indie music (The horror!).
Get over yourselves.
Personally, I thought this fest was hipster-lite, considering the line-up.
Anywho, this fest was a blast and I will be the first to buy tickets for both days next year - even if that means battling through the endless hordes of terrifying hipsters!

Everything about this festival was phenomenal.
It was set on the old strip of Las Vegas - think back like Fear and Loathing or the days of Elvis, not the impersonations but the real deal.
The buildings have so much character which makes for a better setting and just a more classic feel.
They transformed the streets where the festival took place with wall murals; one side of a building was 3D and the next building someone had scraped away the paint to create one of the most amazing pieces of work I have had the pleasure to see.
They converted an old run down motel into an art exhibit - walking from room to room to experience a new artist.
I was even able to witness two artists paint and transform the side of a building during one of the shows.
I did not attend the culinary village or those events - let's face it, I was there for the music.
The overall festival was so organized.
There was never a time where I felt lost or that there wasn't whatever I needed (bathrooms, beer, food, water, ferris wheels, maps, etc.
) within 20 feet of me.
Having been to many festivals, that really was amazing to me especially being with this being LIB's first rodeo.
Even the people that attended this festival were so magnificent - I met so many wonderful people.
During the concerts, there wasn't any pushing or shoving or a single time where I felt submerged in chaos.
The crowds and all of the bands/musicians that played at this festival solidified my heart.
Yes, things were overpriced.
For instance, a beer at the tents was $9... for a heineken?
Oh please.
Luckily if you took a little walk into the old shops, they converted the barber shop into... what you say.. A BAR!
Cocktails - $3, Cans of beer - $4.
They also had food around here, but I chose to eat away my life in plantains and Arepas outside of the festival at a nearby Venezuelan joint.
What I do know from this short story is, I WILL BE BACK LIB!

Life is Beautiful was just crazy good, as a resident of downtown Las Vegas, I was pulling for this thing to be a sucess, and it was better than I would have ever imagined.
Congrats to the Aurelian Marketing Group, and Downtown Project for making downtown Las Vegas shine with the event.
To watch these guys put this thing together over the course of about five days was as amazing as the event itself - Kudos to all event staff that had a hand in putting on this show.
Really just too much to take in in two days, the app was a great help, and we manged to schedule in the major stuff we wanted to see, but would have loved to have had time for even more Chef's, more Speakers, more Art and more Music!
The food was amazing, a tip of the hat to Gearlds for the best Pallia we have ever had, Nacho Daddy, welcome to downtown, and how about the lobster mac an cheese are you kidding me......plus a couple hundred  other great food spots.
While I was more into the Speakers, Art, and Food, we  took in Kings of Leon and the Killers, great shows, Michael Jackson One was amazing, and Million Dollar quartet was fabulous.
Also, if you happened to be hanging around the Homegown Stage around 8pm on Saturday Night, you got to hear one of the best Trumpet players anywhere, as local  downtowner Joey Pero and his band, blew the roof off the joint, (well if it had had a roof, it was have been blown off)  I have only got one question - Where and when can I get tickets for next year!

AWESOME event!
The lineup drew me in and it was well-worth the price of general admission.
I found myself with great stage views for every band I wanted to see and surrounded by tons of energy in the crowd and from the performers.
There were several blocks of downtown closed off for the event and it was nice to walk around in between sets and take advantage of all the photo ops ;).
I never had to wait in line for bathrooms (separate section for ladies only!
), there were short lines for beer or food at dinnertime, and there was a pretty good selection of gourmet-ish food and craft beers.
It also doesn't hurt that it's in Vegas.
The only gripe I had was with the cab lines and the excruciatingly long wait for one.
It took more than an hour.
Still better than paying for the shuttle pass.

EPIC.
WEEKEND.
As already stated, the event was incredibly well organized and planned; I was really impressed.
My only comment is that some of the music acts could have been spaced out a bit more and better organized.
It was hard to run from one stage to another when one ends right when the next band you want to see goes on.
And it would've been nice to be able to see Empire of the Sun and The Killers instead of having them both go on at the same time.
That said though, The Killers and Imagine Dragons KILLED it!!!!!
This festival was amazing, from the affordable fine dining dishes to cooking demonstrations to street art to painting bricks, I had an amazing time and never ran out of anything to do.
Great job to the festival and a huge thank you to those who made it possible and kept it clean.
And yay for a separate ladies section of portapotties and hand washing stations!
I already can't wait for next year!

I truly have not words to describe hoe awesome the Life is Beautiful festival was.
Epic.
Extraordinary.
Mind-blowing .
Tremendous.
These words do not do it justice.
This was seriously the highlight of the month for me (if not the year).
I am still processing everything I saw, listened to and tasted.
When I first heard about the festival, many, many months ago, I thought cool, but I don't really know many of the bands.
But I thought the culinary portion was incredible and for that alone I wanted to go.
Fast-forward to the present and the awesome magazine that I free-lance for, InVegas magazine (shameless plug) gave me a free pass for the weekend.
Score!
Admittedly, I might not have had the same experience as someone who paid for their ticket BUT I thought it was well worth it and would gladly pay next year.
Plus, it was super cool to access the media lounge at Atomic Liquors!
On to the event.
When I first arrived on Saturday I was kind of overwhelmed by everything, and didn't know where to start.
I had gone alone and was wondering how I was going to keep myself occupied all day.
Well I just walked around, taking in the sights.
It is actually not bad to go alone, I was able to squeeze between people to get near the stages.
The second day I went with a friend and had so much.
I also spent a while looking at all the murals; without a doubt my favorite component of the festival was the art.
The Rise Above Art program was phenomenal, it expertly curated and all the artists did a great job.
There are too many to note, but in particular Zio Ziegler's mural by the Secret Garden was incredible (he has another mural by the Learning  Village as well), the Chuck Close tapestry, Eric Tillinghast's ode to the Bellagio Fountains, local artist Aware's 3D mural, etc.
I did miss out of the Andy Warhol film portrait, but there was just so much to do!
As I said I didn't really know a lot of the groups (I'm more of a 80's-90's rock kind of girl), nonetheless I was pleasantly surprised by some of the groups and I would definitely buy their music.
I discovered a group called Youngblood Hawke that played very cool.
I also enjoyed Janelle Monae's performance, as well as Vampire Weekend and of course The Killers.
Ironically, I like Empire of the Sun a lot, but figured I had to watch The Killers, you know just because.
They did a very good job and I was surprised how into it the crowd got.
The food portion was really good, if a tad bit expensive.
I tried Blue Ribbon Sushi's fried chicken wings and a sushi roll, each for$10 dollars.
The chicken wings were awesome!
We also shared  chocolate chip cookie from Wichcraft.
Later on my (cheap) friend was hungry and we headed over to Uncle Joe's for pizza.
I normally would've gotten a cocktail, but ended up getting a beer.
Some IPA from who knows where.
It was very good.
We also got to watch two cooking demos, one with Eric Bromberg and the Living Colour guy and another with Scott Conant and ZZ Ward, who had great chemistry.
We didn't get to listed to any of the talks, which I will for sure plan better for in the future.
The only issue I had was that they could've revealed all of the details at the same time; the culinary packages, the parking, etc.
But other than that, I had the time of my life!
Life is beautiful indeed!

This was soooooo much better than I expected.
I am not a festival girl and I get really....panicky in big crowds of people, so I wasn't sure how I was going to do at this festival.
But my boys The Killers were playing, so I just HAD to go.
Parking:  Everyone was making a big bally-hoo over how terrible the parking was going to be.
Not an issue!
We found free street parking both days only a few blocks away from the entrance.
Art: I thought it was just so darn clever how they turned that old motel into mini art galleries.
Going in and out of each room to experience the different artists was really a treat.
The street murals were inspiring.
And I love, love, loved the banner that you got to write on.
To think that my scribble scrabble will be on the inaugural banner is pretty awesome.
Food: The Culinary Village was a nice mix of choices and the food was up to par.
Sometimes when you have festivals, the restaurants don't bring their A-game, but the Nobu sushi, Bratalian penne vodka, Fleur shrimp mac and cheese, and New Orleans shrimp sandwich I had were all delicious.
The only thing I wish they had more of?
Desserts!!
There were hardly any sweets!
Drinks: Way too damn expensive.
The Alchemy Garden was averaging $15 a drink!!
And they were tiny drinks!
We spent most of our boozing at La Comida where they had margaritas for $7.
Much more reasonable.
Music: Whoa.
Some huge acts.
All so amazing.
I really liked how they scheduled the concerts, so that you could walk back and forth between the main Downtown Stage and Ambassador Stage between sets so there was never any down time between concerts as they set up for the next one.
Of course I was happy to see my boys The Killers, but I also heard some new bands that I ended up really liking like Haim, Capitol Cities, and Zedd.
The Set Up:  The layout of the festival was nicely organized.
Nothing was too far of a walk, and most importantly, it was not as crowded as I had dreaded it would be.
I also really appreciated how there were chairs set up all over the place for people to pop a squat for a moment, and I thought the garden area was fantastic.
Some nice, cool grass to lay on and rest while listening to whoever was on at the Huntridge stage.
It truly was beautiful.
Can't wait until next year.
Bravo, Las Vegas!

Overall, it was a great time.
Atmosphere:  Great people, in a great location downtown.
Between using the old Motel and buildings as artistic backdrops, as well as the Park, it was very unique.
The crowd was friendly and fun, even though it was large throughout the festival.
People were happy, having a great time, and wearing a mix of all sorts of interesting costumes.
Drinks and Food:  Both were good, and there were plenty of choices.
It was however very, very expensive.
This is to be expected to a degree when you go to a festival, fair, concert, or anything the like.
However, given the ticket prices for various events, I think the peripherals were a bit too much.
Entertainment:  Great all around.
There was everything you could think of, and all sorts of music on multiple stages, to keep everyone entertained, no matter what their musical taste.
From 80s music to Hip Hop.
Everything was in reasonable walking distance between acts, and readily accessible.
Overall, I enjoyed the entire experience.
I especially enjoyed the Friday night, pre-game mixer, where various restaurant and alcohol vendors held a small, but fun social, right next to the container park.
Minus the admission price, food and drinks from all the vendors was free, and it was a great time had by all!
I'll definitely give it another go next year if I'm in town.

I still can't believe this was the first Life is Beautiful Festival ever, because it was absolutely fantastic.
The organizers did an amazing job and really blew everyone away.
My friend and I did our best to see and experience as much as possible, and we still didn't really come close to doing everything they had to offer.
From amazing art installations in an old defunct motel, to riding one of the gorgeous Ferris wheels WHILE catching one of the dozens of awesome music performances, there were so many things to delight the senses.
I finally saw Passion Pit and it made me so happy!
Robert DeLong did a really fun and energetic set.
The Culinary Village had so many tasty options to pick from; if you wanted sushi, steak, vegan food, or anything in between, you could probably find it.
The Alchemy Garden had some unique and excellent cocktails as well.
Little things like numerous charging stations, giant water dispensers, and General Stores for miscellaneous needs were also quite appreciated.
They really did try to think of every detail.
Sure, there were a few little items to work on for next time.
Things that could be improved: -more trashcans!
We were told that they underestimated the trash and didn't hire enough cleaning people either.
Cups were a-rolling all over the grounds within a couple hours.
-better cell networks/coverage.
The networks were really slow or just wouldn't work in some areas, due to being overloaded.
They were really pushing all the social media stuff, but they needed to be able to support all of it.
-faster and more numerous security lines to enter, and more exits.
It wasn't too bad, but why can't you let people out of more places?
None of these issues were even close to deal breakers though.
Overall, everyone seemed really delighted with the event.
I had a hard time returning to normal life after that epic weekend.
I know I will definitely buy my ticket for next year as soon as they go on sale!
Life is beautiful- yes, it is.

This festival was fun.
For me it was fun -- it was better than staying at home or perhaps the proverbial stick in the eye -- but what is going to spell its doom is the following:  - Shit line-ups.
Line-ups are subjective, so, some people will love it, but no one can say they will remember this line-up years down the road.
And I am not speaking purely of the headliners.
Anyone can recall a headliner; but, the rest of the line-up (Nights one and two)?
Get back to me in a couple of years if you actually go out to shows more than three times a year.
- Terrible, terrible work crew.
Who built that entrance structure?
Circus monkeys?
Were they hired on-site from among the indigent, regular populace of the "Zombie Apocalypse of FSE"?
It is hard to believe that there was insomuch a minute amount of effort invested in building it structurally sound.
Also, empty the fucking garbage (Night one)!
- 4$ bottles of water.
Seriously?
4$?
100% more than what Goldenvoice (AEG as well, dudes) sells it for at Coachella.
And there is grass at Coachella, not blacktop.
Do not do this.
Fix it!
And it might be useful to have more water points.
Install more goddamn water points; what the hell is wrong with you people?
- Shit line-ups.
I still cannot believe that the inaugural line-up was so abysmal.
I was hoping that I would discover an amazing artist or two.
Maybe a Gil-Scott Heron (R.I..P., my poet) would be hidden in there and one could just stumble upon their set and be flabbergasted by the level of artistry.
Hard to happen when the lower half just drops into 30-person attendance, tiny-empty club bands.
Now that I have that off my chest, I do have to admit that the art installations are what saved this shitfest.
The permanent murals on the buildings, the interactive festival-goer-driven installations (wall of thanks, bricks, and heart & locks), and the street performers were all a very nice touch.
Reps.
The company -- cannot recall which one -- handing out complimentary hearing protection should get a government grant covering their expenses for such thoughtfulness.
You may be inherently evil in all your other business practices, but you won me over with that simple act.
The cops: was it truly necessary to have so many of them, especially when some are just thirstily hanging around trying to throw weak ass game at young, scantily clad girls (Night two)?
Perhaps decrease their numbers next year and hire more porta-potty and garbage staff.
Or lower the price on the grossly overpriced wristbands.
Or add a fucking artist worth traveling for to the line-up.
What a shitty, fucking line-up (only made to feel shittier by all of the cheerleaders proclaiming this inaugural fest to be the best outdoor event in Vegas history [uh, no] and that it would have Coachella-level headliners [heh, no: KOL cannot headline a fucking Coachella; moreover, what about your sub-HL?).
You can do better.
We can do better.
It was just, barely "A-OK." - E

Anytime you go the first year of a festival, you're taking a big risk.
As a veteran of Coachella, I have high expectations.
LIB was really amazing.
Downtown Vegas was actually really interesting and a great place to hold the festival.
Great lineup of bands and crowd control was great.
The Killers were the absolute highlight and one of the best shows I've ever seen.
The stages had no sound issues, and the stages were far enough apart so that no music bled together.
Food was outstanding.
Art was unique.
People were friendly and local to Vegas.
Complaints are that the credit card machines and ATMs were down at the same time, soo no way to buy anything.
I suggest you bring cash!
I had a VIP bathroom experience and it was not bad at all.
Until next yr!

Now that I'm awaiting to go to my first Coachella next year, I thought this would be a good taste of Music Festival Life.
Initially tried to get $100 presale tickets when they first came out but, they sold out immediately.
Like, 15 minutes past the start time immediate.
Once the LIB weekend started and I heard/saw many pics from the event, I figured I'd try to see what was available for Sunday (the last day) on Craigslist.
Needless to say, I found steal of a deal from a group from LA who were selling tix for $40.
I was worried about the parking so I left my car at Cosmo and had a friend drop me off to DTLV.
We took the side roads and it was, surprisingly, easy going traffic.
Cops and officials told me that the last day was probably slower because people had to travel back home.
Everyone walking to the entrance of LIB made me feel like one with the festival-goers.
We walked into various murals on the walls of various parking lots, restaurants, buildings, and even motels in Downtown.
Some of which were prolly abandoned before LIB.
Met up with my boyfriend and his friends who are avid festival-goers.
The phone reception in Downtown was next to none so, we arranged a "met up spot!
" Once I met them, I put my phone on airplane to save battery and just took pics and video all night.
Missed Jonelle Monae and J5 but, was able to enjoy Zedd, Danny Brown, and Vegas' very own, The Killers.
Along with the music, the food had to be the best music festival food ever...according to the bf and his friends.
Restaurants like Honey Salt, Blue Ribbon Sushi, and RM Seafood were there.
It was quite ridic to have this amazing food......at a music fest.....in downtown....Las Vegas.....
Weather was perfect.
Sunny, cool, and breezy.
PERFECTION!
The vibe at LIB was fun, pleasurable, and just magical.
Amazing to see what's happening to DTLV thanks to Downtown Project =)  Happy to call Vegas "home!
"   This made me anxious of Coachella 2014 and excited for 2nd annual Life is Beautiful.

After being downtown and hearing all the excitement LIB I was well expecting a lot more.
The music and atmosphere were good but the food it was mediocre and a bit pricey.
The food was great for a festival but after all the talk about how great it would be i was a bit disappointed.
And the art... well lets just say incredibly underwhelming besides the murals there was little to none especially being in the downtown area.
But the most disappointing this is most of the things they advertised that would be at the festival was not included.
They went on and on about the celebrity chefs that would be there but failed to mention you have to pay to see them or eat their food.
Lets just say they were nickel and diming any chance they could.
Hope it improves next year.

There were def way more hits than misses for the inaugural LIB fest.
I'm crossing my fingers that they'll make this an annual event.
The Good: -A lineup on par with the other major festivals in '13.
-Easy walk from stage to stage -Easy in/out -No bathroom lines -Cool artwork in every corner  -Plenty of parking available downtown -Artists could be caught wandering the fest checking it out -Toyota tent brought some acoustic action (Passion pit, Dawes) in the early afternoon -Perfect weather  Negs: -There were so many activities (music/food/art), you were bound to miss half of what was going on -Most bands started late   And yes, beers were $9 from the Heineken tents...
BUT Fremont East was open!
I don't know any other festival where you can literally walk into a bar and sit down for a drink and some pad thai.
Plus there were specials...
SPECIALS... AT A FESTIVAL.
$3 fireball shots at Park On Fremont were going down all weekend.
Compare this to Outside Lands, where the vendors and expensive tasting pours are your only option.
Considering that this was a festival IN A CITY and not in a huge field, I think they did the best they could.
Is there room for improvement, sure, but will I think about the great time I had at this fest for the rest of the year?
HELL YES!

Best 2 days of my life!!
Please come back next year!!!!

Ruben and I were really excited when we first heard about the festival brewing and made sure to purchase wristbands on the first day it went on sale (06/07/13).
Early bird prices were gone within seconds.
I have a feeling there were just a couple available.
Either way, we still scored the second lowest price of $119 for two-day access wristbands.
Payment was due immediately and wristbands arrived mid-October, within a couple weeks of the festival.
Both days started at 10 a.m. and ended at midnight.
A few blocks of Downtown Las Vegas were sectioned off for the big event with El Cortez Hotel & Casino and East Fremont in the midst.
All-day parking and shuttles were available from select Strip hotels (Caesars Palace, Planet Hollywood, Bally's) and World Market Center on Grand Central Parkway, for $40 (for the weekend).
Although the list of things you couldn't bring to the festival (NO umbrellas, lounge chairs, coolers) was much longer than the list of things you could bring, we were extremely grateful that they allowed two (2) factory-sealed one-liter water bottles per attendee.
We were fortunate to have a ride to and from the festival grounds on both days.
It still sucked.
It was just such a nuisance for all parties involved.
There will be a better way next year (without spending an additional $40).
We prepared for our long days with a backpack and small crossbody purse filled with four Smart Water liter bottles for each day (need those electrolytes!
), snacks, small towels, blanket, chapstick, cash, and sunscreen lotion (non-aerosol).
It all paid off, so I highly recommend this items!
Dress comfortably too since it was pretty warm during the day and bring a jacket for the evenings.
Music: We loved it.
Ruben is a really big fan of alternative music, so he was pretty stoked about the line-up.
It helped that we planned and mapped out our attack since there was so much going on at the same time.
Plus, the stages were not close to each other; good for the experience, bad for the legs/feet.
We were able to catch most or all of Youngblood Hawke, Capital Cities, Imagine Dragons, Childish Gambino, Janelle Monae, Passion Pit, Vampire Weekend, and The Killers.
Some acts overlapped others, so we had to rush from one stage to the next, but the last three acts of the second day were back-to-back at the same stage, so we were lucky and had amazing spots near the stage!
The bands were all great, but some stood out more than others.
Youngblood Hawke were much better than I expected, Imagine Dragons and Vampire Weekend had rad performances (loved the Cirque du Soleil collaboration with ID) and The Killers were really freakin' awesome!
The various attractions were also fun: signing the gigantic inaugural festival banner, decorating bricks for The Wall, shooting a paintball gun at cardboard designs (bonus, free shirt!
), various heart sculptures, the amazing murals and other art pieces on various buildings, the "Art of Beer" Garden where local artists, Giovanni Morales and LeslieAnn Farrell were live painting, the Learning Stage with notable speakers like Las Vegas' own Tony Shieh, and the Culinary Village that featured famous chefs and local eateries (Nobu, Payard, Fleur, DOCG Enoteca, Honey Salt).
We didn't end up eating anything (except nameless tent garlic fries) since the offerings weren't extremely exciting and I figured if I really wanted to eat something, I could go to their respective restaurants.
So, we ate before and after the festival and enjoyed a couple beverages (fresh fruit smoothies and beer, mmm).
Oh, and random, but the port-a-potties were great!
Most were placed under tents, placed in several areas of the festival grounds, well-kept, and I appreciated the portable sinks very much (complete with soap and paper towels!).
Overall, a fun and memorable event.
I haven't been to any other large festivals, so I don't really have any comparison.
This is also coming from someone that doesn't really enjoy all-day outdoor engagements (I have the same feelings toward amusement parks).
It's exhausting.
After two days of standing, walking, and really crowded spaces, I was very tired.
The most important thing is, would I go again next year?
The answer is yes.

Awesome.
Had a great time.
Loved the concept.
Definitely room for improvement but it was the first year so of course it's not perfect yet.
Lots of potential though.
Can't wait until next year's.

Best planned music festival I have ever been to.
That being said I have only been to a few... those being outside lands, treasure island, and many other smaller ones.
There was so much going on too many amazing acts to choose from.

This was such an AMAZING music festival and what appeared to be a flawless first attempt.
We saw so many new artists to us which is always a plus!
Chris DeLong was my favorite newly discovered artist.
The food was all so delicious.
It was so cool to see the celebrity chefs there too.
It was all reasonably priced too.
Shop around for your beer b/c I learned the hard way that the same beer will go for $4 up to $9!
So if you're thrifty don't buy the first beer you see...unless you're thirsty.
Another thing that I thought was brilliant was how we were allowed re-entry every day.
That was so awesome I can't even explain.
We actually purchased a townhouse downtown and LIB is one of the original things that had gotten our gears turning about making the move.
Now we're ready for LIB this time!
Only a 7 minute bike ride there!
I am sooo stoked for it to come again.
I heard it also did wonders for downtown bringing in buku bucks!
Let's hope LIB is here for good!

