Butt Out Mill is everything I love about Butt Out Phoenix but better.
The store is big, open and inviting with plenty of room to sit down.
It has very interesting locally made art on the walls.
The staff as always are friendly and knowledgeable and their prices can't be beat.
Even when it's busy (which is often) it doesn't feel crowded and packed so you can still feel relaxed even with a large crowd.
I'd highly recommend visiting if you're in the area.

Nobody can beat the quality or prices these guys offer.
The seating is comfy and the atmo is relaxed and welcoming.
The staff are down-to-earth, friendly, and they know their stuff.
Don't bother with the rest, these guys are the best.

I was going to Mill and heard about Butt Out opening a new store so I decided to check it out.
An open space to lounge and nice artwork all about the shop, I found the place to be very inviting.
I sat down and talked with the staff for a while about juice, mods, rebuilding, coils, etc.
They seemed to know what they were talking about and were very friendly and ready to offer suggestions and help on the spot.
They have a massive selection of juice.
While I was assured that it was okay to try all of them in one sitting I just cant imagine having enough time.
I liked everything I tasted between their house juices and Indigo that they carry.
I felt at home.
I didnt' feel like I was intruding or taking up space.
To me the place was very inviting.
I really enjoyed my experience at Butt Out Mill and  I think that anyone with an open mind would enjoy their rendezvous as well.
I very highly recommend this establishment.

Love this place, and the new location is better than the old one.
Knowledgeable, friendly staff, good prices for quality products, chill vibe - could not ask for a better place to vape :)

I have been to every vape shop in Phoenix and the surrounding areas.
Every time one opens I go and check it out.
No one can compare to Butt Out's pricing and the quality of their liquids are absolutely unbeatable.
They also make all their own liquid.
For you non nicotine people who just want the hooka like experience they also offer nicotine free liquids in all flavors.
The atmosphere is very relaxed.
Your encouraged to hang out unlike other vape shops (names withheld to protect the douchey).
They also have an ample selection of mods and tanks.
The staff is very knowledgeable and down to earth.
Weather you have been vaping for a while or have never vaped before and just want to see what its like, these are the people to go to.
They are located right next to Rula Bula in the old cactus sports shop.

This place is amazing!
I've been accused of being a fanboy for Butt Out but Matt has always gone out of his way to earn every bit of appreciation and Mill is no different!
The style, vibe,  and character of this shop are top notch and I have been in hundreds of shops across the nation.
Not only is the customer service the best but so is the juice.
2 enthusiastic thumbs up for another spectacular iteration of Butt Out.

I absolutely love this place.
Matt is one of the owners, and he has been helpful in every way possible.
My friend who has a very nice high-end e-cig went there to buy an even better one, and they were able to set me up with a starter kit for around $40.
Everyone was super helpful both to me the beginner and to my more experienced friend.
Every time you buy juice there you get points towards a free bottle.
Also, they have so many flavors that we sat for about an hour trying them all and talking with the employees.
Almost all of the flavors are great so it was hard to pick one.
(I suggest Lucy in the Sky as a good fruit flavor)  The store's set up is very comfortable and open.
You can browse the e-cigs at the back while people are trying out the flavors at the counter, or sit on one of the comfy couches they have.
I have never been to a store that felt so relaxed but professional at the same time.
When I went back a couple days ago the store was packed, and I showed a newcomer who had been smoking cigarettes for 40 years how to set up and try some of the flavors.
It almost felt like a cafe but with less people texting and more talking laughing and enjoying their time.
I am going to miss coming here and hope they do really well.

This place absolutely rocks !
I actually found out about this place when I met the owner and juice mixologist out at a local bar on mill.
One of them actually left the bar to run to his shop and hooked me up with a free bottle and a t3s tank !
These guys know what it means to go above and beyond, partner that together with a superb product and a wealth of knowledge and you get the world class E cig shop BUTT OUT!
PUFFIN TOUGH !

Awesome shop!
Matt Berger is a great owner.
They have a great selection of juices.
Overall I'm very impressed by everything

I was a 2 pack a day smoker for over 25 years until I walked in this place a few weeks ago.
I have not smoked since!
I love it here.
Excellent customer service, knowledgeable and helpful staff.
Best damn music this side of the river!
Kick back lounge.
Good People!
I would highly recommend that you go here first!
If you have never been here,  then your missing out.
I bought my wife a new Ismoka and she has also quit smoking!
I even brought my mother-in-law and father-in-law in here and bought them some new gear!

Best Vape shop in the Valley!!
I started vaping back in February 2013 and haven't touched a cigaret since!
I can't say that would have happened without Butt out!
BEST liquid and best customer service!
What more can you ask for?!
Pros: location, amazing liquid, a variety of flavors, you can EASILY try ALL the flavors you'd like!, amazing/knowledgable staff, a fun place to hang out!
Cons: Can't really think of any

This is the best vape shop I've been to.
Everyone has been friendly and helpful - they really go out of their way to make the customer happy.
They were out of the nic level I vape and hooked me up with the larger bottle free of charge.
The local art is fresh.
I'd like to add that I've noticed an extreme amount of patience with non-english speaking customers on several occasions (china smoking ban?).
They will take care of you.
Try the banana nut bread.

Great service (Mill St location)!
Loved the knowledge of the staff (I think his name was Caleb...) loved that I could sample flavors, though they are not always the same with the added nicotine.
I would highly recommend this company, I also recently placed a re-order online, though as I stated, some of the flavors I originally liked I would not reorder because the flavor change was not as good.
I liked 'Da Brock' and 'Bad Mother Pucker' the most.

Butt Out is the best ecig shop I have been to.
Butt Out isn't just about their product, it's about the atmosphere and community.
Staff is extremely helpful and supportive.
After smoking cigs for over 5 years, I have finally quit completely with the help of Butt Out.
All their liquids are made with natural ingredients that are already found in food you eat each day.
Additionally, they have a great rewards system that gives you perks for both referrals and product purchases.

What can I say.
Great customer service.
Tasty  juice.
Great atmosphere!
Great place to hang out.
Will frequent.

Good selection of custom flavors.
Paul Escobar is the best flavor in my opinion.
Downsides are that parking costs money, on top of already higher prices.
I'll go back because their flavors are worth it, but they could stand to come down a bit.
Very friendly staff, nice taste test area.

Caleb, Ryan and Matt (in that order) are the best dam people in the industry!
Thanks for always making me feel at home!

Caleb is the best!
I work at the salon up the street, and this place is always nice to walk into.
My boyfriend has been coming here, and the customer service is top notch.
He was a hardcore tobacco chewer for 15 years and hasn't bought ANY since he started vaping.
The knowledge here is top notch.
Very welcoming to beginners.
I recommend everybody here for starter sets or flavors.

This place has a great little ambient environment.
The staff is super nice and friendly, and their not shy to answer any and all of your questions regarding any of the products or how anything works.
They have a great juice bar and don't mind if you sit there and try everything.
The customer service is great, they carry good products and are really knowledgeable on everything which is a change of pace from many of these other vape stores.
Pricing is also good compared to many others.

