I stopped in here just to see what was on the menu, and I was pleasantly surprised at the variety they offered.
I decided on a Bacon Blue Burger ($7.95)  with garlic fries to go.
The burger was well-seasoned, and cooked as I requested.
The fries were incredible...best I've had in a long, long time.
I spoke with Robert, the chef/owner, and he said they will be expanding the menu in the weeks to come.
I'm looking forward to trying their breakfast menu, which is served all day, and includes Steak Benedict, Huevos, Rancheros, and a Santa Fe Breakfast Burrito.
This is in the spot that used to be Geri's Olde Philadelphia Restaurant.
They've updated the decor and cleaned the place up really well.
There is counter and booth seating, and plenty of parking..  Give it a try; you won't be disappointed.

I made note to check out what Kailyns Kitchen is all about after my foodie radar saw the sign when I drove by it after having lunch in the area.
It's right behind Taco y Taco.
They have breakfast, lunch and dinner meals.
It's Chef Robert whose at work at his open kitchen.
Both him and his wife (Carol?
) own the place that's name after their 10 year old daughter (lucky kid!
)  There is wait service so just seat yourself at the counter or at couple tables along the wall.
They were also getting call in pick up to go orders as well.
What appealed to me was the variety of different dishes on their menu.The menu is mostly American fare comfort food.
Sandwiches like Grilled Cheese w/Meatloaf and Surf and Turf Burger sounds interesting..trying that next.
Dinner meals had Blackberry BBQ Salmon listed.
Breakfast served all day.
That's what I came for ..initially.
Steak Benedict with Hollandaise sauce.
I read that and that's all I wanted ...at first...then I read Mile High Pastrami...ooh..I want that too!..
same with Bulgogi tacos under 'Small Bites'... random item that stuck out.
Oh heck why not order all three!
I needed  to use up the Yelp Deal  for $10 for $20  I found on their page anyways.
The Pastrami came with garlic fries..with REAL garlic on it and you can have refill on the fries too.
Pastrami thinly slice.
Bulgogi Tacos were regular size serving ..not the mini street taco size.
I liked it especially with the Sriracha mayo.
The Steak Bene was my favorite though.
The eggs were perfectly poached.
I like the twist of having grilled steak w/ hollandaise sauce.
Mmm good.
All the dishes were all plated nicely too.
I already see this diner fast becoming a  popular spot for locals and especially workers in the area.
They were hustlin out those orders for the lunch crowd.
The time I was there people coming to dine in were repeat customers.
I can see why.
The food is home cooked and is good!
Prices are affordable.
They run daily deals on their Facebook page I was told.
Only thing, I just wish they were open longer hours.
So I'm holding that 5th star hostage.
Both the owners are super friendly, open to suggestions and connect with their clientele.
Chef Robert said he'll be expanding his menu..I suggested more veggie / vegetarian dishes :)  You know for #Meatless Mondays right??
Also they'll be expanding their hours soon too.
Good thing, cause that Meatloaf w/ mushroom gravy sounds good for dinner!
oh..forgot!
I had dessert too!
Crispy Fried Cheesecake!
Cheesecake filling rolled up in a flour tortilla that's deep fried ( I think)...so good..
I finished that one...also I did manage to finish most of my food too...all by myself.

Owners are great.
Came from the same town in LA as me.
Used to work in casinos on the strip.
Don't forget to check out their yelp for good deals.
I would recommend that garlic fries for sure.
The coffee is unlimited and free so you can't go wrong there.
Not too far from the strip so if you have a car check this place out.

We took advantage of the $20 for $10 Yelp deal and had lunch at Kailyn's on a Friday.
As many yelpers note, the owner was very friendly and the service was great.
The wife had the "early dinner" meatloaf, and I had the grilled cheese with meatloaf and garlic fries.
The meatloaf dinner was substantial, 2 large slices with lots of mushroom gravy.
The green beans needed a little seasoning but the potatoes were seasoned very well.
Rosemary was prominent, which went very well with the mushroom gravy and meatloaf.
And, we had leftovers, which I'm sure will be great for lunch tomorrow.
The grilled cheese was good, but needed a little more time on the griddle.
Only a part of the cheese reached that ooey gooey goodness we love about grilled cheese.
The meatloaf and bacon went well together, it was a solid sandwich.
The garlic fries are fantastic, crispy and flavorful.
The breakfast menu looked good, we'll be back to try it.
Great prices, solid food, and great service.
Kailyn's is a great addition to the eastside of Las Vegas.

First off, Chef Robert at and Carolyn, are absolutely wonderful.
They are very engaging and are extremely excited about opening this restaurant a short 3 weeks ago.
I am very much a breakfast person above all other meals, and I have to say, they will go into my breakfast rotation each weekend.
I had the Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs, with a side of Biscuits and Gravy.
On top of that...
The coffee was FREE!
The biscuits were flaky yet firm to hold the creamy gravy.
The chicken fried steak was big enough to make you full, yet small enough to prevent you from hating yourself.
My girlfriend had their Mile High Pastrami.
It was a NY style pastrami, which means it is served on rye.
I will say, that I am not a Rye bread kind of guy, I am a big fan of LA style pastrami, but it was damn good!
Overall extremely delicious food, fairly cheap, oh and by the way it is a family place that sits 35.
If you are ever on the Eastside of town, and are looking for a fantastic diner, that serves breakfast all day, stop by this joint on the corner of Pecos and Trop.

A welcome addition to the neighborhood.
Open for breakfast and lunch, they close at 3.
High marks for trying but they have a long way to go.
Food quality is quite low all around.
Cheap food prepared cheaply.
We have tried them at lunch and breakfast and all three visits were about the same mediocre quality.

Wowzer!
I stumbled into this place through yelp.
Oh thanks to yelpers!
food here is amazing.
AMAZING!
Prices are even more attractive!
Owners are very attentive and genuine.
Definitely my new favorite place!
I wish I live closer :(

Follow up:  I've had the chance on 3 occasions to try the breakfast menu, and was not disappointed.
Great pancakes and an excellent Hollandaise sauce on the eggs Benedict.
My friend had the breakfast burrito and really enjoyed it.
We  both agreed the breakfast potatoes really made the meal!
Oh, and they have FREE coffee with the meal!
You don't get that anywhere else in Vegas.

I don't eat out much and I don't like to drive so once a day, I have to go somewhere to eat my breakfast/lunch.
I'm no big spender so I use modest places near my home (Spencer & University).
This used to be a semi-famous Philly CheeseSteak place which was a Mom & Pop operation.
I loved this place and used to use it for my minor business meetings and on my own for a quick lunch.
When it was last sold, some Corporation bought it and the new operators were unfriendly, the menu shrank, they wouldn't make a custom soup (steak & mushrooms in soup - how hard can that be?
) that I would order when I had dental surgery.
So, I stopped going there and a feqw weeks ago I was in that shopping center and saw the new business.
I went in and tried to order a Philly.
No, no Philly, just a basic American menu with FREE coffee (very good coffee) and I've eaten there a number of times since.
The food is good - inexpensive - but good and fresh.
The coffee is a knockout.
The "side" of fruit includes blackberries!
And the 2 people cooking and waiting on you are really sweet folks - you can tell they are owners, trying for the American Dream.
Kailyn is their daughter, who I met briefly, about 7 years old.
Cute kid.
Only saw her there once.
I not only have received nothing for this recommendation, I deliberately over-tip because I really want these guys to make it.
I'm tired of corporations and their slave labor and their $2.39 coffee.
This is my new favorite place and I hope it becomes yours (gentle reader) so I can eat where I enjoy being.

Wow, is this place good!
A friend told me that I had to try it and I'm glad he did.
Chef Robert made a delicious breakfast right in front of me in his kitchen.
I can't wait to go back and have lunch.
You must try it for yourself.
He uses Starbucks coffee too.
Great good at a fair price.

I had a wonderful experience here.
Came in for a late breakfast, ordered the breakfast burrito, nothing complicated, but wonderful food.
The owners are so kind and the chef/owner is there because of his love of the culinary arts and passion for the joie de vivre that comes with the food culture and the camaraderie.
That's what makes all the difference :) go support this wonderful local business!

So far I've had one of their Omelets, which had Turkey Tomato and Onion and Guacamole on top.
It was one of the best Omelets I've had.
Their Hash browns are amazing.
I'd recommend everyone come here.

Great food and personalized service!
Started our meal with a heart warming cup of hot coco, piled with whipped cream !
Everything we ordered looked and tasted suburb!
Finished our meal with their homemade chocolate chip fried cookie dough with thick cut bacon crumbles !
Then, per the recommendation of the owner dipped it in hot sauce.
So freaking good!
It's so refreshing to have a personal conversation with the owners.
After seeing other people's burgers we know what we will be ordering next.
Nom nom

It was just by luck we saw this little cafe.
Met the owners who were awesome!
They just opened couple months ago.
We felt like we were guest in their home.
So hospitable and the service was great.
We were looking to have breakfast and ordered French Toast with fresh strawberry topping & whipped cream and.
Denver Omelette.
Yum yum yum.
A cute little cafe is named after their daughter Kailyn.
They are real nice people and wishing them the best.
If your in the area definitely make a pit stop and visit these nice folks running this joint.
You won't regret it.

This area needed a great little diner like this!
Kailyn's has delicious food and personalized derives at a very reasonable price.
The owners are a very friendly couple, one of whom was a chef at Mandolay Bay.
They are only open for breakfast and lunch.
I had the breakfast burrito it it was wonderful.
I'm so happy they opened their business in this area!

Great food for a great price, with a thumbs up for the effort.
A newly opened family-operated restaurant, who are very open and friendly and make you feel at home.
Food was same quality as at the MTO cafe downtown (500 S Main St, Las Vegas, NV 89101) for about half the price.

This was such a great find!!!
We came out to Las Vegas for a softball tournament and we were looking for a breakfast spot between the Strip and the baseball field.
This place is a total gem.
This place is a mom and pop joint, and the place is named after their daughter.
For those people who like a local, incredibly friendly vibe, this place is totally worth a try.
Food was also great tasting and cheap prices!
Free coffee as well.
Definitely need to come back when we are in Vegas again.
Btw, I wrote this review just 10 minutes after finishing my meal.

I ordered Steak and Eggs my girlfriend ordered Eggs Benedict.
They have a fees types of Benedict's like steak, crab, salmon, and a few others.
They all sound rather tasty next time I go I will probably order on of those.
As for my steak and eggs it's was only $9.95 for a fairly large steak, eggs, hash browns and an English muffin.
That's a pretty good deal in my book.
The service was prompt and personal.
The waitress could have presented herself a little bit neater though.
Looked like she was just wearing something she slept in.
Oh and did I mention free coffee?

I'm very tempted to just give them 5 stars but I tend to be conservative and expect a 5 star revision once I work through the menu over time.
Btw, the owners said they have a website.
I didn't see it listed on yelp yet.
http://kailynskitchen.com/  Had the Steak Benedict.
It was pretty good!
The eggs were cooked perfectly and there was just enough sauce to mop up with the hashbrowns when I got to the end.
Ordered the hashbrowns extra crispy and they were great.
Starbucks coffee was free with the order.
I drink decaf, and they were happy to brew some up for me fresh.
I was torn between the steak benedict and the pastrami sandwich but ordered the Steak benedict afterall.
But I asked if it was possible to order a mash-up ***Pastrami Benedict**** next time.
He said yes he's open to that.
I'll probably ask if they can put the pastrami benny on rye.
I bet that will taste awesome.
Haven't done it, just an idea for the near future, but I have seen it on other diner menus before.
Kudos to the owners for being open to special orders!
Service was fast and they're both friendly.
I sat for a bit after my breakfast to relax with my coffee, and the chef/owner gave me a small sample of his house french fries.
AWESOME!
The house fries are garlic fries, made with real garlic and extra crispy.
I also saw a burger order go by, and they look good too.
Very hard to decide what to have next.
I did another review for a breakfast house WEST of highway 15, called "Mr.
Mama's.
" The quality, price, and atmosphere are similar.
I would call this place the best cheap and tasty breakfast EAST of highway 15...and quite honestly I edge more towards this place as my current favorite because of the quirky additions you'll be hard pressed to find at many diners.
One example is the fusion korean/mexican "Bulgogi Tacos.
"  Really looking forward to going back and tasting my way through the menu, which I am told, is constantly evolving as they are still so new and learning what works.

I found this restaurant on Yelp and decided to try it since it has good reviews and I'm new to the area.
Everything on the menu looks delicious, they have free Starbucks coffee and menu items are priced reasonably.
I ordered the Steak and Eggs and it was delicious!!
The steak was cooked perfect as medium rare, the hash browns were crispy and golden and the eggs were also tasty.
Can't wait to return to try other items on the menu!

Great place for breakfast!
So accommodating and friendly.
My husband and I went with our 3 year old and 4 month old.
Both the cook and server were amazing!
Food amazing!
You gotta check it out.
We will be back again!

Awesome bulgogi tacos!
Chef didn't have Kim chi so he whipped up some Asian slaw for my friend.
I had the New Mexico burger w/garlic fries, which were delicious!
Brought home a pastrami sandwich w/garlic fries for the hubby.
They must have been good because the only crumbs left were the ones on his shirt!
Will definitely be back!

3430 E. Tropicana AVE.  Best burger in LV.
we ordered the bacon blue burger.
Awesome garlic fries.
They had a special.
Great service, food cooked to order, husband and wife mom and pop place, cant wait to go back there to try more from their menu.
they also served Free Coffee with our meals.

This is a great family business.
The food is amazingly good and the employees are nice.

Great breakfast!
We ordered the pastrami omlet and Denver omlet with pancakes!
The omelets were extra fluffy and packed with fresh ingredients.
Coffee was fresh and free!
Definitely will come back for lunch..I hear the burgers are good!
The ambience is nothing spectacular but the food is good!
Customer service is great!

Really good food at an amazing price.
I highly recommend this place if you're in the mood for some delicious breakfast/lunch.
And the staff was really friendly Best in Las Vegas hands down.
Since then I've been here again and it was even better than the first time.
We tried the bacon cheese burger and it was extremely good.
I swear my girlfriend wouldn't stop talking about how good it was on our way back home.
We definitely plan on going back and become regulars costumers.

Wowsers is all I can say!
Great food friendly service.
And the most affordable meal you'll eat in town.
The owners are welcoming right when you walk in this tiny unassuming restaurant.
I would call this a must stop and only 15 minutes from the airport!

Very good place it's like a MA & POP type place foods really good and the staff is really quick for only being 3 ppl

Good food at a great price.
The service was a little slow on this visit, but the place was packed and it looked like 1 chef, 1 server, and 1 busser so I can understand.
Don't let the strip mall location fool you, some awesome food here.
I would have given 5 stars except for the slower than preferred service.
I will definitely go back though.

It was ok.
I was hoping for better service and few more choices on the menu.

Walked in here for lunch on a whim, the place was very busy, which is a sign that the food is good, upon entering the atmosphere is very inviting we were greeted right away by one of the owners I think she said her name was Carolyn.
She was very friendly she seated us right away, and we got our drinks to us in a very timely manner.
As we started browsing the menu everything was very affordable I opted for the bulgogi tacos, I am of Korean descent and I cab tell you the bulgogi is the real deal for those of you unfamiliar with this Korean staple think teriyaki but twice as good comes with Kim Chee which is similar to a spicy coleslaw the meat was tender and the kim chee was crunchy and the sriracha sour cream was the perfect accompaniment my wife opted for a bacon blru burger the burger was cooked to a perfect mid rare the bleu cheese was of very high quality and the bacon was thick cut and crispy all in all a great burger but the fries the house fries with the garlic and just the right amount of salt.
They were impressive to even a fellow chef.
A great experience and if I ever make it back to Vegas id love to give it another shot kudos.
Also extra points for the chef for his friendly demeanor and thanking us for coming that kind of hospitality is becoming a lost art good to see its still out to be found.
Bon a petit my friends.

Came here because they had a lot of good reviews and I'm all for the home cooked mom and pop brunch places.
But it was just average.
I had the steakhouse omelette.
Onions were a little burnt and steak was somewhat dry.
Could have used more cheese.
But hash browns were good.
Other people with me had burgers and they were good not super amazing that I would go out of my way to have a again.
The Garlic fries were good.
Also had the all American breakfast which was good because it was just the basics but scrambled eggs were a bit over cooked.
Service was not too great because our waitress was way too disorganized and took 25 minutes to get our check.
Also two homeless people came in to the shop asking for money.
Everyone in the place made it clear we didn't want to be bother with that while were trying to enjoy a meal.

Absolutely the best breakfast experience I have ever had.
Kailyns Kitchen is a family run joint that treats all their customers as if they are family.
They are so attentive to your needs and their priority is quality.
They are VERY ORGANIZED and professional and as complex as breakfast gets, they just get it right.
The waiters all top notch and I never use this word, but they are loving too.
Can't wait to be back!

When I saw the Yelp deal I was excited to give this place a try.
We arrived around 11 on Saturday and most of the tables were taken already.
We were taken to one of the empty tables and given a moment to peruse the menu.
It took a while to decide since they have a pretty extensive menu.
We decided on the truffle tots with kalbi, a full stack of pancakes and a basic breakfast combo.
The food came out quickly.
I also ordered an iced tea.
Definitely not my favorite iced tea, but I added sugar and that helped.
The truffle tots smelled amazing and were delicious.
The truffle was a little overpowering, but I love truffle so I enjoyed this dish quite a bit.
I'd order this again in a heartbeat.
The pancakes were good.
Huge portion and homemade.
Wish they were a little more cooked, but that's more of a personal preference.
The basic breakfast is the best deal.
For only $3.25 we got two eggs any style, hash browns, toast and some sausage mixture with onions.
The food was all solid and for the price we will definitely be back.
They had very interesting omelets and burgers I'm excited to try on our next visit.
Love innovative menus and for that alone I would return.
Doesn't hurt that everything was delicious as well.
Everyone was very nice and I am happy to support small businesses here in Vegas.
Definitely worth a visit.
I highly recommend Kailyn's Kitchen.

Honestly this place is amazing.
The owners are THE NICEST people I've ever met.
The food was top notch.
I was visiting from LA with a couple friends and tried them out.
Definitely an amazing experience.
Somewhere id go back for 100000%!!

I came here looking for the previous place which was Geri Cheese Steaks, since I was already here decided to give it a shot had their perfectly named "better than geri's cheesesteak" and it was very good, the bread was perfect also came with choice of fries and I tried their garlic fries which were excellent.
I love little mom and pop places the problem is they rarely survive in big cities so please support this place and keep them around.
I'm going to try out their breakfast next.

I don't even know where to begin with this review, because I'll be quite honest - this place blew me away, completely.
My husband and I weren't expecting much when we pulled up to this tiny little place, located in a strip mall, of all things.
We looked at one another uneasily, but decided to try it out anyway.
And I think it's one of the best decisions we ever made.
From the very beginning, Carolyn and Robert were so friendly and outgoing.
We got a warm welcome, free coffee, and menus from which to choose.
And I had a really hard time choosing, because it ALL looked good.
I have never ordered tater tots in my life from any restaurant, ever (mainly because I'm a firm believer that you can cook and doctor them up yourself) - but the bulgogi tots nearly swayed me, here.
Sounded DELICIOUS.
In the end, I settled on a New Mexico burger, with a side of - yes - CANDIED BACON.
Oh, em, effin, gee.
My husband chose a Philly burger and requested that peppers be left off.
His special request was handled, with good cheer.
As a matter of fact, everything was handled with that same pleasant atmosphere.
I have to break from talking about the food for a moment, because the service here was just THAT extraordinary.
Carolyn and Robert spoke with us as if we were lifelong friends, instead of just server/cook/customer.
My husband and I don't usually warm up that fast to people, but this was a glaring exception.
Now, back to the food, heh.
The candied bacon was absolutely EXQUISITE.
I have never had anything like it.
Drizzled with a balsamic glaze, it was slightly tangy and yet sweet at the same time.
This is a foodie's DREAM, this stuff.
It was 3.95 and worth every damn penny.
The Philly burger has green peppers (left off at my husband's request), grilled onions, mushrooms and provolone cheese, while my New Mexico burger had ortega chilies, pepperjack, guacamole and a fried egg on top.
Both had brioche style buns, very soft and pillowy.
And the burgers were MASSIVE.
There was at least half a pound of meat on each one.
Both orders came with garlic fries, which were absolutely AMAZING.
The garlic flavor was pronounced with every bite.
We wanted to take Carolyn up on her offer of fried cookie dough ice cream, but we were both absolutely STUFFED by then and couldn't eat another thing.
Total bill was under 20 dollars, which was amazing in and of itself.
All offered tips go into a special jar that apparently goes toward Kailyn's (their daughter, whom the place is named after) education.
Now THAT'S a business I can get behind.
Overall, it was just this lovely small-town feel that is lacking in almost every place you go these days.
Amazingly, we met another couple of people from Maryland - 2500 miles from home, in Vegas at Kailyn's.
How small a world is that?
If you stop ANYWHERE for breakfast in Vegas, make it here.
You will thank me, I promise you.
And have some candied bacon for me!

Very cool friendly people running the place.
Breakfast was yummy and for a good price.
Small, clean, very good service.
Will go back again :)

Great family run diner.
Good quality food and good service.
We like supporting the locally owned places especially when you can tell they take pride in the food they are serving.
We ordered the high roller tots, better than Geri's Philly and the BLT.
BLT was pretty basic but the bacon is sweetened and that makes it pretty good.
Philly was great, although I would have liked a little more mushrooms and onions.
Tots were awesome.
Oh the garlic fries were really good because they actually cook the garlic so it's not just raw and harsh like so many other places.
Definitely give Kailyn's kitchen a shot if you're in the area.
Unfortunately we live waaaaaay on the other side of town but would come back.

It was bittersweet being here.
This is the old location of Geri's Old Philadelphia which has been a favorite cheesesteak place of mine until they closed.
They haven't done much to change the inside as of now but the food was great.
PROS: The steak omelet              Interesting menu              Open kitchen/grill  CONS: Needs a small facelift inside               I will be back again to take another friend.

I don't understand the reviews.
The decor is poor.
The sitting is uncomfortable.
The menu is confusing.
I was told the owner keeps changing it.
Confusion.
The service is ok.
I ordered sausage and got bacon.
The staff is friendly.
Now the food: Coffee is good and free, eggs are ok as well as pancakes, they taste like Denny's pancakes, the hash browns are home made.
Will not be back next time will go to "Eat" or the "Original Sunrise Cafe.

New Mexico burger?
Are you from New Mexico?
I ask, because no self-respecting New Mexican would throw an egg on a green chile cheeseburger, much less use Ortega chile.
Try actually ordering NM chile, from Hatch, or at the very least, don't use canned.
Not to mention pepperjack.
American, or cheddar, period.
No guac on a green chile cheeseburger in NM either.
Maybe call it the Las Vegas, NV burger.
Wouldn't want people to think that we do this in Las Vegas, NM.
Fail.

After seeing the other reviews, I was expecting this place to be packed on a Sunday morning and it was not, which then had me a bit worried.
However, we were pleasantly surprised; my first experience was great!
The owning couple run the entire show and were very personable and prompt with their service.
I was there for breakfast and ordered the Sunrise Sandwich, which is a combination of pepper-jack cheese, egg, and bacon stacked between a croissant.
The sandwich was okay, I think anything inside a croissant elevates the goodness of it.
I also tried one of the pancakes and if and when I come back, I will be ordering the large stack.
The pancake was thick, light, and fluffy, making the perfect texture to soak up syrup!
Overall, its not a fancy place, but you'll sure eat well for a very good price!

Great little family-owned restaurant.
Food was good nd inexpensive.
The prices are really good for the amount and quality of food you get.
The restaurant is pretty tiny and has a cramped feeling, but it's still nice.
I didn't order the free coffee with any entrée, so I will have to take advantage of that next time.
The shortrib fries were unique and the prices were incredibly reasonable.

What is there NOT to like about this place?
The longest lasting impression from Kailyn's Kitchen is a legitimate family owned business where their foremost priority are the customers that walk in.
The owner/chef, greeted us to some fine breakfast dishes that were too difficult to pass up.
His wife could not be anymore hospitable and friendly upon taking our orders.
So one of the other employees accidently put ice in the orange juice but who cares?
This place has the right prices, the right people, and the right food.
I can't wait to go back on my next visit to Vegas!
Hopefully this warm family welcoming will stay around for a very long time.
It's not often you find places like this that put their best foot forward towards everyone that walks into Kailyn's Kitchen.
Keep up the fantastic work!

Fun!
The staff is terrific, so personable, although the service could be polished up a bit.
Really enjoyable atmosphere.
Owners run the shop and are very nice.
The food was very tasty.
I had the Country Fried Steak and Eggs, with a pancake.
The fried steak was light, crunchy,with  very flavorful taste.
Eggs cooked  just right and the pancake was big and sweet.
My girl had the Steak and Eggs, and she enjoyed it.
Steak cooked right.
She enjoyed that the eggs were cooked in butter (rather than oil).
She wants to go back to try the deep-fried chocolate-chip cookie dough, with bacon.
We'll go back.
They just revitalized their menu and remodeled the inside decor.
Also, new kitchen equipment.
If you haven't been in the last couple weeks, go again.
Before word gets out, it gets too busy.

This restaurant will be featured in an upcoming (August, 10 2014) and much delayed segment of the reality show "Hungry Investor".
As part of the show, the décor underwent a makeover as did the menu and name (Kailyn's Diner), formerly the more appealing Kailyn's Kitchen.
We went basic by ordering the Basic - 2 easy over eggs, home fries and wheat toast.
Everything was very good with the exception of the toast which was way overdone and dry.
Since there were few customers, we enjoyed a leisurely breakfast while having ample time to talk with the personable owners.

First and Last Time......
This review is based on the "South West of The Border Breakfast Burrito.
" Such a disappointment.
I was told by the waitress this was a popular choice among the regulars.
(False Advertisement)  The burrito contains according to their menu Jumbo Flour tortilla, Chorizo, Egg, Cheese, Grilled onion, Seasoned Potatoes, And salsa.
Unfortunately the chef/owner forgot to add the seasoned potatoes, salsa came on the side instead of inside (which I specifically asked for inside).
I didn't really see or taste the chorizo and it didn't appear to be mixed in with the egg unless the egg/chorizo ratio wasn't proportional.
I seen a few pieces of grilled onion after I opened it up to uncover what's really inside the burrito.
In conclusion: the burrito was very plain and ruined my appetite.
I left half the burrito on the plate despite my starvation.
Suggestion: This is a must!
-The chorizo/egg ratio needs to be proportional!
(It is called a South west of the border burrito for crying out loud) all I tasted was plain egg.
Horrible.
-Don't forget the seasoned potatoes!
(How could u forget this!!
) I'm still bothered by this.
-add grilled bell peppers & onion (proportional) - Please put the Salsa inside the burrito not on the side unless the customer states otherwise.
-Home made salsa may be better choice over "Picante Brand Salsa".
-7.95$ is not reasonable priced.
(5.95$ if made correctly.
)   I really hate to write a negative review.
Sorry i didn't tell you in person I was too upset.
**Please improve this burrito and allow it to live up to his name without ruining an appetite or mood.

I love this place.
It is definitely one of my go to places.
Solid quality food and great service every time!

I came to this restaurant mainly for the reviews.
They happen to be true.
The food here tastes homemade and it's at a very reasonable price.
The only flaw to say about this restaurant is that it's slow.
There is a cook and server the both times I came here.
Don't let the wait ruin your experience.

This is a mom and pop restaurant, the food is pretty good nothing too amazing but good.
A little high priced in my opinion for the looks of the place and the looks of the food.
I am always happy to be trying a place run by the owner.
I got the eggs benedict and it was cooked well sauce was unbroken good on the man on the grill.
My youngest had pancakes and they tasted like pancakes cant do much with a regular pancake.
My oldest had eggs, bacon, and toast again just like any other breakfast place.

Kailyn's has become my "second kitchen" as I go there at LEAST once a week.
They've recently undergone a renovation with new furnishings, new paint, and a new look.
They've found a good balance with the new menu, and if you are a burger lover this is the place to go.
For something a little lighter try to Chipotle Chicken Club sandwich.
They are now open for dinner and I've not been disappointed with ANY of the entree's.
If you like meatloaf, this will be your new favorite place.
Give them a try soon, and be sure to try the deep fried cookie dough!

Great place for breakfast.
Everything on the menu looks good.
I had the Prime Benny and it had to be one of the best Eggs Benedict I have every had.
The hashbrowns was also cooked to perfection.
The place is small but comfortable.
We did have to wait a bit for the food but it was worth it.
The only negative was that the workers seem to be bullying a new young waitress which made things a bit awkward.
Updated to 1 star from 4.
Unfortunately the owners are not good people.
Threatening litigation and arguing with customers will get you nowhere in business.

We stopped in here on our way home and loved finding this little gem of a diner.
From the delicious and unique menu items to the friendly/personable service, we couldn't have asked for me.
If you stop in don't forget to get the fried bacon chocolate chip cookie dough balls for dessert.
Seriously a party for your mouth!

Part of my review is based on the service so it could possibly be better.
Went here after looking on yelp for a spot by the airport before a flight.
Little did I know they were filming the tv show this weekend which was a night mare for us.
The service was absolutely horrible, Jon Tafner and his crew wouldn't allow the cook to make food until they finished filming outside.
Who knows yelling at a guy would take 30 minutes.
Well not actually yelling but Tafner having to change his white shirt 3 times because he sweats.
Worst of all no apologies were given to the 8 customers inside that had been waiting (also amazes me that only one person on staff can cook).
The food was actually good, only thing I wouldn't agree with is the garlic fries are not a good idea.
I love garlic but ehhh not these.
Tafner an his crew also made people move seats and tables to accommodate his crew which is about 15 it seems like with camera men an mic guys all hovering over your food.
Overall food was good, I guess we just randomly came in when they were filming which sucked.
Wonder if they ever changed the name from Kaylin's Kitchen that is one big thing Tafner was yelling about.
Oh also he's not a very personable guy if you haven't noticed from the show, he's about the same in real life.

Updated review (keeping 2 stars) after having one of the owners message me on here, same guy that was the cook when I went in.
The customer service was horrible in my experience at this establishment.
Our visit to a mom an pop restaurant should not be over an hour, that is not acceptable.
Especially if there was less than 10 guests in the establishment.
I wondered how all of the reviews were 5 stars, am I the only one he messages after a lower rating?
Just a heads up yelpers!
If you don't label this place 5 stars you can expect a message!

stopped in there while waiting for my car to have a oil change down the street.
this was a great choice!
I ordered the Seoul burger it came with home made chips the burger had some interesting flavors to it.
the service was great (kept my diet cola filled) the people were all nice.
I will be back again

Great breakfast, i think its the best roasted potatoes i've had in a while.
I had the country fried steak and it was perfect, my friend had the NY steak and it was huge...Only down side is the service, the waitress that helped us was a bit of a spaz.
food was excellent tho.

Great place for breakfast!
Had Huevos Rancheros that were fabuloso!
Casual, quick, and priced reasonably.

Been wanting to try this place for a while yet whenever I would come to this area, it's because I'm craving tacos at taco y taco!
After reading Shirley B's review, I knew I had to make time to try it.
We went in around 5:30, and we were the only ones in there, didn't surprise me though as it seems more like a breakfast and lunch spot.
Cute decor, friendly waitress, however it felt really humid inside, probably due to the kitchen being right in the middle of the restaurant.
I wish they would turn up the music though, it was kind of awkward hearing the waitress talk to the chef /owner about "making a mess" of the toaster close to closing...when my boyfriend and I knew it was because we ordered sandwiches..we'd definitely come back during lunch, probably not towards the time we first went so we don't feel like we're bothering them.
The food was great!
I had the hickory burger and my boyfriend had the chipotle chicken club both with garlic fries.
Both were huge and also had big flavor, the fries were also amazing and had real garlic on it.
Great prices and eclectic little choices like the truffle flavored tater tots w/ kalbi, prime rib eggs benedict, Korean fried chicken wings, and deep fried cookie dough!
I'll definitely be back!

They are so sweet in here and the food is good too!
We were just visiting from out of town and happy to stumble into such a great local spot!

I saw an ad in the RJ for this 'diner' type restaurant.
My husband loves breakfast, we like to try new places, and prefer original restaurants rather than chains, and also want to support small businesses.
One of their signature items is Candied Bacon, which was amazing.
My husband had the Big Piggy breakfast, eggs, hash browns, toast, and a thick slice of ham that covered the whole plate!
I chose the Sunrise sandwich with sausage (on a croissant).
Delicious.
Because we mentioned the ad, the server brought us another signature item; fried cookie dough!
A tasty little bite.
Before we left, the owner/chef stopped by the table, joined us for a few minutes and told us of his background.
Very nice guy.
Food was great, as well as the service in a tiny little diner with a homey feel.

I've seen great reviews for Kailyn's Kitchen on Yelp and I came across a restaraunt.com gift certificate for them - so, put these two together and you get - a really great meal on the cheap!
The place is called "Kailyn's Diner" inside the restaurant.
It has the feel of a diner.
There is minimal seating.
I have heard the place really gets busy on Saturday and Sunday mornings.
When my husband and I were there, it was just us and a few patrons sitting at the bar.
The service is down-home feel.
The waitress was very nice, the owner/chef asked us how our food was.
It is like eating in a small cafe, in a small town, except, you're in Las Vegas on the East Side in a not-so-great shopping center.
BUT - the burger.
OMG the Seoul Burger!
"Korean barbecue glazed patty topped with mushrooms and smoked Gouda cheese, and kimchee mayo".
This burger was perfectly done - sauce was tangy, mayo was creamy and spicy, comes with lettuce, tomato, and red onion - on a beautiful Brioche bun!
Also comes with your choice of fries, garlic fries, or homemade chips.
I got the garlic fries - delish!
Husband had the pancake platter, which is a little lacking.
It only comes with one pancake and one slice of bacon with a small side of eggs.
My hubby ordered another pancake for extra.
I also had a house salad to start, which was OK. One thing I can say is they included mushrooms in my salad which I LOVE because I always add mushrooms to my salad at home, but it's a rare sight to see in restaurants.
We ended the meal with the craziest dessert - Bacon covered in cookie dough and deep fried, sprinkled with powdered sugar.
It was OK. My husband did not like it at all so I ate all three.
(Fatty fat fat...)  BUT - THE BURGER, OMG THE BURGER!

This place was one that we selected from restaurant.com and I am sooo glad we did.
Although, I'm not a huge steak lover, when I get my cravings I want it at ALL cost.
My wife and I ordered the steak and eggs.
They both were cooked perfect and NICELY seasoned.
My mom ordered these beautiful fluffy pancakes (nice size).
We tried the "candied bacon" and although it was good, it comes cold and I prefer my bacon hot.
With three orders, everything came out perfect as ordered, and quite delicious.
The cook is the owner (Robert) and he was really nice.
Nice flow of people and the owner/cook speaks to everyone.
If I had to rate something bad, I would have to say the music.
Other than that...we will definitely be back.
(Dink)

Such an awesome little place.
Everyone from the customers to the staff were very welcoming and friendly.
You can't beat the prices for good food.
Sure is better then going to IHOP or something and paying for overpriced mediocre food.
Another great thing about this place is you can customize anything on the menu or ask for something special.
Something else I like about this place is being able to watch your food being cooked.
I will definitely be coming here more often!

My girlfriend and I wanted to try something new for breakfast this morning and Kailyn's Kitchen was nearby and looked good.
I was surprised we hadn't heard of it before - I'm guessing it's relatively new?
It's a small place, and we might have been the only customers there at the time (it had just opened).
Staff was very friendly and attentive.
I ordered "The Hash" but was told they were out of hash.
I can be pretty indecisive, so I was glad when the cook quickly   recommended an alternate: "The CFS.
" Country-fried steak wouldn't have been my first choice, but I decided to go with it, and I'm glad I did!
Over easy eggs were good, and hash browns were perfectly crispy too.
Hope to be back soon!

Pro- service was good.
Athena omelet was very good.
Seasoned potatoes were ok. A little too salty for me.
Con- Decor is cold.
Not hip diner vibe they may have been trying for.
The AC was not working too well that day.

