This new salon is a gem.
Super clean and very friendly staff.
They are a full service nail salon with massage services.
And best of all...I got 50% off my services as a new walk in client!
My pedicure was awesome and I love my new acrylic nails.
One of the best salon experiences I've had in a long time.

I was given the new girl who had never done a full set before on a client.
I give her credit for doing a thorough job but that is to be expected after taking 2.5 hours.
Nails are too long and too wide for me but i wasn't about to take any more time.
The place is very clean but it was 61-degrees in there, just utterly freezing.
I would rather stick to my Asian salons who do a great job at a low cost and fast.
Expect a minimum of $45 before tip for a full gel set one color.

The manager called to make things right which is great for a new company.
I had previously had the new girl who is wonderful at pedicures but not very experienced on nail sets yet.
She corrected the problem perfectly and now my nails look beautiful.
They even tossed in a complimentary pedi cuz of the last experience... the heat was off at the time to 61... it has since been fixed & is comfortable.
The place is very clean and sterile.
I give 4 stars because for a new place it is still pricier than most other places and its not a lux spa to make up for the high price.
A photo of their menu is attached, as are the nails the 1st time and the corrected set.
I will be going there again though based on their work integrity, ethic and they way they treat their employees.
It's good to see a strong team no matter what their weakness/strength is.

Great place, friendly staff, nice ambiance, and love the new techniques they use, including dry callus remover.
So much better and long lasting than wet removal.
The hot towel wrap rocks.
My fingers & toes look amazing!

They charged more than what groupon stated (about $15 more) costing the same as any regular mani/pedi ($50 total).
Girls were super nice and I enjoyed talking to them.
My French manicure looks great.

Let me just say I LOVE this salon!
I went in yesterday to get my nails re-done because the last job I had was horrible, and I came out AMAZED with the work.
I have known Marisa the nail tech since grade school, but had not work done by her.
This salon is so clean, and the staff is incredibly sweet!
Marisa took her time with my nails, and they came out as the best set I have ever had, and I have been getting my nails done for well over 8 years.
I received 30% off my first visit which was great!
They definitely care about their clients, and the work they do!
If you really want quality work done, then go here!
You can have quality work for cheap!
They're prices are a little higher than most places, however the work they do is well worth the cost trust me!
They also  have a membership package!

I really enjoyed my mani/pedi today with Barbara.
She is a very genuine person and I enjoyed the feel of the salon.
The salon is still in the growth stage, but you can tell they take care of their customers and they are more about quality versus quantity.
I will definitely return.
Nice nails and nice people.

I love this place!!!!
I would not go anywhere else!!!!
They are very clean, its bright and sunny in the salon and my nails always look fantastic.

Colleen is wonderful, attentive, approachable and honest.
I searched a lot of reviews of different nail salons and made my choice based on them.
Not only is the salon easy to find.
It's super duper clean.
I am going back!
This place is worth the drive and no gimmicks here either.
I love love love my pedi and mani.
Have a great time choosing this salon.

AMAZING experience!
I loved the atmosphere in the salon and everyone was so friendly!
I felt as though it was filled with my family!
Barbara, the owner, is so hospitable and professional!
Ileana was the person who took care of me for my mani/pedi!
Amazing work and very professional!
Everything was so CLEAN!

