Stopped in out of the blue for a snack.
Amazing fresh cupcakes with a daily rotating menu... so good!
very friendly staff too.
only thing they need is a bit more for drink selection!

Only 1 review!?
This place is awesome!
First, walked in and was greeted by 2 super friendly girls.
They explained their current flavors and deals.
They waited patiently as I made my very difficult decision.
Now we got them home, and they taste amazing!
Will definitely be back!

My friend sent me an email about this place and I realized that the Chandler location was really close by, so I stopped in yesterday after work to check it out.
The store is very cute and the cupcakes looked delicious.
In addition to cupcakes, they have mini cheesecake, stuffed cookies and other sweet treats.
The flavors rotate daily so there is always a variety to choose from.
After much contemplation, I decided to try a cookie dough cupcake and a caramel macchiato cupcake.
I ate the cookie dough cupcake last night and it was AWESOME!!!!
The frosting was the right balance of flavor and sweetness without being too sweet and the cake was perfect.
I will definitely be back to try more flavors!

Good first experience.
Second was unfortunately my last

Thought I would update my experience.
Placed an order of a dozen for an upcoming party.
Called to see if order was ready.
Was told they made a mistake and delivered to the wrong location.
My only option, pick the order up myself from the wrong location (15 miles away).
Huh?
Lost not only one customer but many more I would have referred.
Sad

Pretty impressive they came through with 2 dozen pink and white cupcakes on late notice.
Everyone at the party loved our treats and im glad we had such a good experience.
Now I would recommend some sort of bulk discount because 2 dozen cupcakes to the time of $85 bucks is a little stretch, talk about the spoiled kids I have..

Went here for the first time on Monday after a coworker brought in their weekly menu and highly recommended the place.
She was absolutely correct in here recommendation!
Upon entering, I was promptly greeted by a friendly young girl.
The place is tiny and cutely decorated with a few small tables and tons of bright colors.
It's very cheery inside.
I had mentioned it was my first time at a Gigi's and the employee patiently answered all of my questions about the individual flavors as well as the best way to keep the items fresh.
I finally decided on the Kentucky bourbon cupcake and the classic cheesecake with cherry topping.
Both were beautifully decorated and ALMOST too pretty to dig into.
The cheesecake was for my roommate and I never tasted it but he gave it two thumbs up.
Stated it was absolutely delicious.
For a "mini" this thing was huge!
The Kentucky bourbon cupcake is possibly one of the best cupcakes I have ever tried.
(And I've eaten my share of cupcakes).
First of all, the cupcake probably weighs a whole pound - it is huge.
The cake, which was chocolate with pecans and chocolate chips, has a more dense texture than usual and is so incredibly moist and gooey.
The icing is cream cheese (smooth and not overly sweet) and it was topped with additional chocolate chips, pecans, and caramel and chocolate sauces.
I cannot give this cupcake enough praises.
I will certainly be back several times to try their other flavors until I leave chandler (which is unfortunately in just a few weeks).
Definitely try this place!

