I have to agree with Kira.
I work in the building directly next door to Minerva, so we watched with anticipation as they took over the spot that was formerly occupied by China Star.
Notes: + Opens at 11:30am for a lunch buffet - We arrived at 11:40am and they weren't ready; tables were nearly filled before they were ready to go, so we made our trip through the buffet at around 12:00pm  + Nice selection of various dishes, all were very tasty and well-prepared - Limited selection, overall.
Seems to cater to more popular items, which is smart, but if you're looking to try something different, it's unlikely to be on the buffet  + Friendly staff, prompt service + Waters were always refilled, plates quickly cleared away  + Reasonable prices  - Very dirty inside.
Lots of construction dust, and just general dirt - Never once saw waitstaff wipe down tables after people finished eating.
They'd clear them, "dust" them off, and then set new settings - No area to wait.
There was a line of people waiting to be seated; limited seating available   So...
I liked the food.
I liked the staff.
Dirt doesn't really bother me, but I couldn't help but notice just how unkempt the place seemed, especially for being newly opened.
I hope they can get some time to scrub things down and that they more regularly wipe down tables between diners.

Heck yeah!
Talk about the system working!
Props to Matt who started the awesome thread on Yelp Madison Talk re: openings and closings (http://www.yelp.com/topic/madison-the-official-2013-madison-openings-and-closings-comings-and-goings-thread) and thanks to Steve for letting the community know about this new Indian joint on Junction Rd.
(It may have taken me a few months to get her otherwise!
) I was bouncing around the threads last night, saw "Indian" and got in the car.
(I called on my way to make sure they were actually open.
)  Folks, this is easily the best Indian food I've found in Madison for three reasons:  1.
The Menu... holy cow, IT'S HUGE!
I went for dinner and spent forever pouring over each and every page, looking up a few items on my phone because they were new to me.
No shortage of variety here.
The Dosas... this and this alone should make you speed over.
I think they have 15!
That's nuts...
NUTS!
I'm used to seeing maybe 3 or 4 different kinds at a place.
The Flavor... everything I tried was incredible.
And although spice/heat is key to Indian cooking, theirs is well balanced, and not so hot that you can't taste anything.
I had vegetable jalfrezi, chicken tikka masala, masala dosa and garlic naan.
All of it was awesome!
(GET THESE THINGS!
) Even the garlic naan, which I sort of feel like is tough to make incredible, but it was incredible.
It arrived at the table piping hot and aromatic and didn't have an offensive garlic flavor.
The chicken tikka masala was some of the best I've had, topping some of the curry I long for in London.
The veggies were tender yet crisp and in a super tasty sauce.
And the dosa.
Ohhhh the dosa.
It was good, not my favorite, but with so many options, I can't wait to get back and try another one... maybe more adventurous than this one.
Huge props to the stellar staff that made sure we had no questions about the menu, kept water glasses full, and told us they will have beer/wine/liquor soon.
(Just wrapping up some paperwork.
) They also sent us home with leftovers in boxes and gave us extra rice.
Very kind.
The atmosphere ain't much, so don't go expecting to be transported to India or anything.
There is some nice stuff hand painted on one wall, but that's about it.
Small space.
Bright light.
No tunes playing the night I was there.
I didn't notice construction dirt or dust so I'm guessing they cleaned up after what sounds like a rushed opening.
And my feeling has always been, if I'm there the first week, I'm going to make a few exceptions anyway knowing they're still trying to find their footing.
These guys have though.
And if food remains consistent, this will be my go to for Indian stuffs in Madison!

Read Corey's review earlier today and decided to revisit with a group of coworkers.
Amazing how well the business responds to feedback - kudos to them!
+ Tables wiped down with cleaner after each diner finished; saw it happen every time  + Looks like they're cleaning-up the last little bits of leftover construction stuff; much better than yesterday  + Food was once again SUPERB.
I tried an entirely different round of items and loved every single thing.
The buffet is not only a bargain, but it is delicious!!
+ Service was excellent - quick refills on drinks, plates cleared, buffet well stocked, and everyone was so friendly.
So, huge props to the folks running this place - keep up the great work, and I can't wait to go back and visit again (and I'm sure I will).

At last!
Madison has a place that serves proper "Dum Biriyani".
All the other Indian restaurants in Madison serve some sort of weird amalgam of Pulao and Chicken Fried rice but this is the real deal.
Try it out if you have never done so before!
Another thing I liked about this place was their menu, it was really broad and covered multiple sub types of Indian cuisine - mainly Northern, Chinese(Yes!
) & Southern.
I haven't had to try the Northern or the Chinese but if the food I had was anything to go by it should all be good.
I tried out the Chicken Dum Biriyani & Chettinadu and both were awesome.
The Chettinadu was a bit too spicy for my palate (and I like spicy food and have higher threshold than most) but Biriyani more than made-up for it.

Since they just opened a week or two ago I'll have to update this review after I try the dinner.
Lunch buffet was good but unfortunately at a buffet most places tone down the spice level (which may be a plus for most people!).
Given that this place is 2 minutes away from Swagat (my go-to Indian buffet!
) and 4 minutes away from Dhaba (not a buffet, but pretty good!
) I think they have some stiff competition.
However, the dinner menu (online) has a pretty wide variety of dishes that I don't think you'll find at the other places, so I'm looking forward to trying that.
Oh, and for my 6 year old they have chicken nuggets on the menu (cause he ain't fooled by chicken pakora...)  Service was nice and friendly-- they kept coming around with dosas, which was nice.
Kinda a weird/cramped layout with the seating (the place almost seems too small for a buffet!
)  All in all, if you like Indian food I'd recommend giving it a try.

I LOVE Indian food and am quite picky about it.
There are very few tremendous Indian restaurants in Madison.
This is the top!
The spice and flavor was delicious and the gulab jamun was so phenom so make sure you save room!

I generally do not like buffets at Indian restaurants either because of the options available or because the quality is not good enough.
The buffet at Minerva surprised me.
It was actually very good.
Some of the things you can look forward to :  Malai kofta - was very creamy.
Mango ice cream - tastier than usual Garlic naan - was soft  Paneer tikka - max masala but tasty  Something to note : the menu has a lot of options.

Minera is one of the lousiest Indian eatery places in Madison.
Service sucks.
There is NOT even a single good thing about this restaurant.
The owner has NO idea about how to run a restaurant business 1.
In the era of technological advancement and social networking, the business does NOT have a running website.
Lunch buffet is a 'copycat' of another restaurant in town: Minerva tried to even place the same items in the same location as the other one_they don't have any originality !
And surprisingly they have the same items even: can't they have something different of their own !
Standard of lunch buffet is nothing great.
Even food quality of dinner is nothing to die for.
Tables are too small and cramped up:  a 4-person table is ideally suited for 2 persons.
The restaurant is very small and cramped up !
When people line up for the buffet, it is a complete chaos.
For dinner, the 2-person tables do not even have a table cloth !
Wait staff sucks_they don't have any idea of what they are doing.
In dinner_there is NO control of the ordering status: the wait staff has no idea whose order is what_and when the food comes out_the staff does not does not know in which table to bring the food !
It's a big CHAOS.
Amongst this, the turnover time for the food to come out after order is placed is rather quick, which is appreciated !.
10.
We tried certain Dosas, the south Indian delicacy in which the restaurant specializes in !
The dosas came without the sides (sambar, chutney !
) had to ask for the same: which is ridiculous !
The Sambar, chutney was stale and had no great taste.
Sambar felt like having grains of sand in it.
11.
The other families who were dining with us in other tables were equally unhappy with the service.
12.
We ordered a Rava Masala Dosa_they messed up and an Onion Rava Dosa came out.
When we mentioned that the ordered was messed, they took it back inside the kitchen_and put the masala in a small bowl and brought it back out !
That was terrible !
13.
Appetizers are served in small side dishes of Corelle brand !
The restaurant even does not have proper serving bowls.
They purchased cheap dishes for serving food.
14.
This is a substandard restaurant.
They have made the menu items very attractive encompassing all different platter_but that has back-fired on them.
Nothing is turning out great.
Had they emphasized on their strength and specialized on South Indian platter, they would done a better job.

The South Indian food is great.
Tried chicken3-4 times, the meat was terrible every single time.
They do a decent job with the curry so I kept giving them a chance.
Bad idea- the meat is always horrible and sometimes even stale.
The staff is friendly.
The menu is huge.
I wish they could back it up with quality.
It varies based on what you order.
I guess they try to offer too much and its not good value for money with stale meat entrees.
I'm on the fence with this one.
Will write another review after I try Hyderabadi and other types of dishes I haven't given them a chance with yet.
Def no chicken though..yuck!

I would give a 4.5 stars if I could.
Stupid Yelp.
I am honestly surprised at the negative reviews.
But disclaimer I have never been to Lunch ( i generally find Indian lunch buffets... blah).
I have been to dinner three times, and the food is great.
Their service needs some help (see below)  So here is the thing I have lived in Madison for 12 yrs, and the Indian food scene has been very similar- a lot of Mughlai food.
The restaurants improve or go down depending on competition.
Minerva offers a breath of fresh air in this routine.
Yes they have the usual tikka masala, garlic naan,  mango lassi, etc ( all approved by my Caucasian Husband).
But they have dosas, idlis, chettinad and indian- chineese.
Cuisine that is great as well, that I have missed and really enjoyed.
So here is the break down:  Pros: - Extensive menu for dinner that will appeal to both Indians and Non Indians alike - Awesome True  Dum Biryani - Chicken 65 is all tangy and flavored right - Andhra spicy dosa is good ( and actually spicy) - Food always comes out quickly  Cons: - Weird layout - Seem short staffed always- nice and courteous, but needed more people - Lacking ambiance - Tallying the bill always seems to take a while  Overall  food is my first priority so Minerva is a keeper.
As an Indian I think I view Minerva and Dhaba as the best Indian restaurants in Madison right now.

While the restaurant may be going through some opening pains (no website, opens at noon at weekends instead of 11:30, somewhat cramped quarters), the food is superb and the staff remarkably kind and friendly.
I'm hopeful it will just get better with time, and perhaps find they need a larger location.
The 10-page menu is a real treat in itself with something for everyone; that there is so much south Indian makes this a great spot for those needing to avoid gluten.

I really enjoyed the lunch buffet the couple of times that I have been here.
I am not familiar with the names of many of the dishes but I know that I really loved the flavors of many of the dishes.
They have fantastic rice and lots of meat options.
I am a big goat fan (no judgement please) and I want to say it's among the best that I have had in the city.
The service in this place is also standout!
The few times I have been here the staff have been extremely accommodating and ultra pleasant.
I am happy that this place has opened up so close to my office as I foresee many visits in my future.

My job brings me out to lunch for Indian food quite frequently, so I'm glad there's now another option on the West Side.
I'm usually accompanied by Indian dining companions when I hit the buffet, but this time our group of gringos (yeah, yeah, I know Indians don't call us that) was on its own.
Fortunately I was aided by some Indian fellows behind me at the buffet who had eaten there before, so I only had the good stuff on my plate.
The food was good -- tandoori chicken cooked just right, masala stewed with the right blend of spices, mango ice cream to freaking die for.
Minerva might lack the ambiance of Swagat or my favorite, Dhaba, but the buffet food is right up there with Swagat's.
Minerva is in a location that seems to cursed; its predecessors had a tough go, but they're doing it up right and have as good a chance as anyone to make it a go here.

My boyfriend and I went to this restaurant last sunday for the first time and we tried the buffet and since we started to eat we noticed the difference between the other indian restaurants we have been to and this one and Minerva it's so much better!
Every single thing we tried was sooo tasty, my favorites were: the chili chicken, the channa masala (garbanzo beans in a creamy sauce) the deep fried vegetables ( they were sooo crispy) and their cottage cheese, it was sooo delicate I did not want to finish eating it, we would definitely come back for more!
The only reason I gave them 4 stars its because the buffet area it is so small and I think they should rearrange it, they have the main entrees in the narrower side where most of the people stand most of the time, they should put them in the beginning area, where everybody start to get their empty plates since it is a more open area.

Oh, no -- I hate to downgrade these guys because the staff is so friendly, it's a clean place and they work hard and do so much the right way.
However, there are other Indian places that sell my favorite dish for about the same price, but use tender chunks of white meat chicken.
My vindaloo here had what I assume is dark meat, with what many of what I consider to be inedible pieces (tough, grisly, veiny, fatty).
I'm not going to rule out returning here, but if the price of an entree is going to be comparable to the competition, I would suggest to match their quality as well.
For the aforementioned reasons, I wish these guys the best and I will be back.
I hope my suggestion helps.

I probably will not end up back here anytime soon.
The food itself was very unique in the way it tastes/seasoned.
Some of the dishes were quite spicy for general buffet options but I don't knock it for that.
Some other broken english 1 star review/1 user review only exists for this which honestly screams a review by a competing restaurant yet I agree with a bit.
The largest problem is the space, space and service.
Our server(not sure if we had one assigned) seemed new or nervous and spilled water all over.
After changing seats, we were more or less ignored beyond our initial drink.
There was little communication as to who our actual server was and wasn't even sure where to get the bill.
After a while of being ignored, we just walked up and got it.
But lets face the ultimate problem - the space.
It is like Taqueria Guadalajara seating combined with a buffet table set in a strange corner/alcove.
The buffet table itself even borders tables where you MAY be seated.
Do you like having people constantly standing right by you grabbing food or lining up?
The strangest thing is when you get to the end of the buffet line, it's a dead end and you have to like walk awkwardly around people to try to get out...
It seems nonsensical.
And like another review said -when there is a lot of people waiting to be seated the place has a very strange limbo zone by the door where you can't really get in or heck - even goto the bathrooms from the dining area.
I just don't think the space itself is suitable for an Indian buffet.
Buffets need a lot of spacing for the constant amount of people getting up, lining up and returning to their seats as well as a logical flow and layout for the buffet plates.
Instead it is a dead end with seating similar to a High School Cafeteria..be prepared to sit next to strangers...

I'm hooked on the lunch buffet.
They have a good variety and serve some different items than the other Indian buffets I've been to while still remaining familiar.
The two things that enamor me to Minerva over the other nearby Indian buffets is that they allow the lunch buffet to be carried out in a to-go box and cup and it's slightly cheaper while being of the same or better quality.
The only downside to this place is there isn't much seating.

5 of us had a very nice dinner at Minerva on a busy Saturday night.
We had recently read the review in the Isthmus and decided to give the restaurant a try.
Indian food is one of our favorites.
Took about 10 minutes to get us seated and menus were handed to us promptly.
For the next 10 to 15 minutes we went over the hundred ninety three items on the menu.
Each of us had a favorite item in mind even before we sat down.
Our waiter was an authentic Indian who knew the food very well.
Unfortunately it was difficult to understand exactly all of his comments but his enthusiasm and humor overcame any of those shortcomings.
We loved the experience and would like to go back.
Highly recommended.

I am going to come right out and admit that I'm not an expert on Indian food.
I infrequently visit Indian restaurants and the totality of my Indian cooking experience is baking a couple batches of naan bread and cobbling together a presentable chicken tikka marsla.
So if you are looking for the definitive review on the authenticity of the cuisine served at Minerva, this is not that review.
With that said, I felt my lunch buffet experience was A-OK.
I thought the quality of the food was above average by buffet standards.
The staff members were hard working and extremely cordial.
Things I liked: * The $9.95 lunch buffet offers an abundance of options.
It took three trips to the buffet to sample everything (including the desserts).
The lamb curry, the chicken tikka marsala and Aloo Gobi were standouts for me.
* The staff was constantly replenishing the buffet trays, so the food in the buffet stayed fresh.
(It helped that the restaurant was at capacity for lunch service.
) * LOVED the caramel custard dessert - that dish alone has me jonesing for a return visit * There always was a staff member near to the buffet to answer questions and to offer suggestions for dishes to try.
The servers were extremely diligent about keeping beverage glasses filled and clearing dirty dishes.
Things I didn't: * The naan bread was a let down - it was too dry for my liking.
I also did not care for the watered down coconut soup.
* The Spartan interior of the restaurant is nothing to write home about.
As Corey D mentioned in his review, it definitely will not transport you across the ocean to India.
In addition, the buffet is wedged into an alcove and it was difficult to maneuver through the other diners.
* Sitting near the front door during polar vortex season subjects you a cold breeze every time someone walks through the front door.
* For a cuisine known for its extensive use of spices, I thought the buffet food was timidly seasoned.
* It can be hard to understand the servers  Other observations and ramblings: * There was a line to get a table by 12:15, so come early to hit up the buffet.
* Why is an Indian restaurant named after the Roman goddess of wisdom?
Is it just me that wonders about things like that?

I never write reviews, but this was one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to.
- I got the shits from their food (I didn't even get sick when eating street food in India - says something about Minerva's cleanliness??
) - Over-priced portions.
My $10 bagara baingan contained only 3 tiny 1" slices of eggplant; the rest, sauce.
I've had much better value in NYC Indian restaurants!
- Our waiter and waitress both needed to be reminded several times about our order.
They seemed very disorganized.
Completely forgot 4 items (chai, naan, dosa, and a main dish), bringing chai 5 minutes before we got the check, and the naan after we packed the doggy bag containers.
- Waitress was also pressuring me to buy alcohol.
- Dosa and Naan were soggy and extremely greasy - like dripping grease.
They also forgot the crucial chutneys to go with Idli.
- Food quality and taste didn't make up for any of the negatives!
Won't even bother getting into specifics.
We were very polite guests, and my dinner companion gave a large tip, despite the lousy service.
Really wish that he hadn't.
Getting sick from the dinner tipped me over the edge and inspired me to write.
I really love Indian food, and know that it takes a lot of care and skill to prepare.
I always have a positive bias toward Indian places, and give lots of leeway if the owners are tackling foods from multiple regional cuisines.
I felt that both their Northern and Southern dishes were executed poorly.
Taste aside, on account of service alone, this place deserves one star in my eyes.
Avoid this place!!!
I'm sure you can find better.
P.S.
why'd they name the restaurant after a Roman goddess?

5-Star because it is the only restaurant that offers really South Indian food in Madison.
It adds much diversity to Madison's food scene.
We tried Dosa and Uttapam.
They are REAL!!
Get a Ghee dosa.
It would be both a month-opening and eye-opening experience if you have never tried it before.
Fish curry was a very memorable dish.
We also tried things under the "Chettinadu" category.
Good stuff.
They have a incredibly long menu.
It will take maybe 10 visits to savor the full selection.
For first few visits, I suggest sticking to things you can't find in other Indian places in Madtown.
Based on our two dinner visits, both food and service is pretty good.
I hope this new establishment on the west side will thrive in the coming years.
CAUTION: The "Hyderabadi Dum Chicken Biriyani" is insanely spicy.
I like spicy food in general and take on very spicy dishes.
But this dish will be over the limit to most people.
Consult before you order.

I first went to Minerva a week after it opened.
I have never gone to any Indian restaurant ever again in Madison.
This is mostly a South Indian restaurant but their Tandoori chicken is better than any other Punjabi owned restaurant in Madison.
(though Tandoori comes from mostly punjab area) Their South Indian menu is huge and bigger than any you will find in India.
All the meals I have had from them is authentic.
Dosas--So many varieties, all exceptional.
Medhu Vada- Needs improvement Biryani--Try Hyderabadi Dum biryani, chicken biryani..amazing!
All there curries I have liked.
For some reason not a big fan of the Indochinese stuff as personally I do not like sweet in my food.
But thats me.
Their Kala chana is good (garbanzo bean), ask it with some Bhatura (not on the menu, but they will make it for you); aka Indian Chhole bhatoore (really authentic) Buffet is good, good selection, and tasty.
Because of place being small, they don't have many waiters, and usually 2-3 waiters serve the entire clients so service may be slow, but I never mind it, as the food makes up for it.
Their Nihari is not authentic (in the pakistani/british cuisine section)  as authentic needs to be cooked for 6 hrs or more, plus this restaurant is not Pakistani so don't expect authentic Nihari.
Go for the Dosas, Biryani, chicken curry, etc.
Fish Molly was alright, I have lived in Kerala and have had the best Fish Mollys so not a big fan here.
That said, this place is wayyyyyy better than Taste of India, Taj, Dhaba, swagat, maharaja for authenticity.
Not ideal for a first date because of ambiance and service and noise level, but who goes to an Indian restaurant for a date and come out smelling like biryani on their finger tips?
BTW I go there about 4-5 times a week although I lie 5 plus miles away, so good is this place!

My husband and I tried Minerva for the first time today.
The food was outstanding.
As often as we eat Indian cuisine, I am not good at describing most dishes by name.
What I can tell you is that the selections on the buffet were fresh, hot and deliciously seasoned.
Plus, there were several offerings on the buffet that I've never tried elsewhere.
It was nice to try something new.
The tandoori chicken was especially moist and meaty, not at all dry.
The spices in every dish were just right.
The only thing I found missing from the condiment section was the salty mixed relish that I enjoy on the side.
This is a smaller-sized restaurant, and it was nice not to have to stand in a line to fill my plate.
Despite the smaller dining room, the size of the buffet and number of dishes offered was equivalent to both the larger Indian buffets we frequent.
If you are a fan of Indian buffets, you will be very pleased by the quality and selection!

Indian food is spreading like wildfire, of late.
For me, that's a darn good thing.
Last night's food was right on the top of the list along with Dhaba.
My sweet Pakistani beau showed up at my house with takeout.
I was cold and tired from walking outside getting ready for a 5k.
Putting me and 5k in the same sentence is crazy.
Anyway, the food from Minerva was just what the doctor ordered.
We ate the Hyderabadi Dum Chicken Biriyani and the Fish Curry.
I loved both dishes equally.
The heat level was "medium" which for me was perfect.
The rice in the biryani was lovely and perfectly prepared.
Each grain stood alone.
The chicken was on the bone, tender and plentiful.
The fish was excellent, not overcooked and really enhanced by the curry sauce.
We had both plain and garlic naan.
They were fluffy and tender even after reheating.
We dipped the bread in the curry sauce not leaving behind even one drop.
The servings sizes were generous and today I revisited the biriyani for lunch.
Glad I didn't have to share that last portion.

Simply the best South Indian food in Madison so far.
Their pongal vada is to absolutely die for!
Just the right amount of dal, ghee and cashews :) And their dosas - wow, they have over a dozen varieties - all scrumptious.
I also like their Madurai idli - spiced and fried goodness.
Their sambhar and coconut chutney is also good.
Not really a fan of most of their other dishes though.
I prefer the other Indian restaurants in town for North Indian food.
So, this is quite complementary since I don't really like the others' South Indian fare!
Their service is decent and the owners are nice.
Not giving 5 because their quantity to price ratio is a bit low - understandable for an upstart, but hopefully they will fix it in due course.

Lunch buffet is delicious!
Its a small dining room, but definitely the best Indian place I've been to in Madison.
Probably one of my favorite place sin Madison so far.

Minerva is simply the best Indian restaurant in the Madison area.
They offer an amazing lunch buffet, with a nice selection of both South and North Indian entrees, desserts, soups, and salad.
Their dinner menu also has many options to choose from, both vegetarian and non-vegetarian.
Not only is the food as close to authentic as you'll find in Madison, it's also very reasonably priced.
The wait staff is polite and attentive and there is a parking lot with ample free parking.
Whether you're a connoisseur of Indian food or just trying it for the first time, you won't be disappointed with Minerva!

Ordered the chaat items.
Have had much better.
The green chutney they add to chaat is the idli chuney.
Not meant for authentic chaat.
Havent tasted anything else, so cant comment.

We tried 4 different dishes (2 apps and 2 entrees) and every single one was delish!
We're definitely going back soon.
This is a no frills kind of place.
So don't expect the most meticulous dinner service.
Go there for the amazing food :)

Yummy yummy lunch buffet!
And a great value at $8.95.
There's about 4 large buffet carts set up in the corner of the restaurant, and they offer a large variety of Indian offerings.
I think I tried just about everything and couldn't find one I didn't enjoy!
Their Chicken Tikka Masala is so amazing...I probably could've had 4 plates of just that and been happy.
I also loved their Chicken 65.
I've never had anything like it before and it was delish.
They also offer garlic and plain naan, as well as a sampling of many different chutneys and sauces.
Wasn't too busy when I was there, I was one of about 5 people dining in.
But the server was constantly taking plates and refilling water glasses!
I think I can say that I've had better Indian food, but this place offers an awesome lunch buffet that I will definitely be back to enjoy again!

Awesome and definitely my new favorite place.
The only problem is it is on the wrong side of town.

I've been trying out all of the Indian restaurants in Madison and the surrounding areas and stopped in for the lunch buffet at Minerva after reading the other reviews on this site.
I was extremely disappointed.
I arrived around 1:30-- the lunch buffet goes until 2:30-- and everything I tried was cold and looked picked-over.
There was just a small amount of each of the vegetarian dishes left so I tried a little bit of all of them.
The food tasted fine, but I've definitely had much better Indian food.
I was hoping they might bring out some more food that would be hot, but the only food they brought out while I was there was rice.
I will not be returning.

Pretty good indian food.
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.
It's a small place but we will certainly going back .

