Worst business ever.
We were downtown for an hour, and saw no one using the zip line.
We decided to do it and they told us they were sold out.
They can only sell 48 spots pre hour.
I asked why there was no line, and why I couldn't just pay and go up, but they refused.
Smart business, turn away money when no one is using your services ...

Horrible....
Spent 30 bucks to take a cab to freemont (just to ride this) to make sure we made it there before closing.
Arrived around 11 and was told that they were sold out.
They don't advertise that their closing time is essentially meaningless.
Why say you are open until a certain time if you truely are not accepting people until that closing time?
What a crappy business decision.
To top it off they were rude when telling us we couldn't go.
Will never return to try again.

The wait was RIDICULOUS.
We purchased our tickets at 12pm for a time slot of 9pm.
We got there at 9 and didn't get to ride until 10:30.
The ride was super fun, and I would give 5 stars, but the wait really made me ill.    B+

Pretty cool.
A good one-time ride.
We are locals so really no need to ride again, but would recommend to locals or tourists.
We went of a Thursday afternoon, very short line.
Good fun.

$20 for a short ride over Fremont St.
It was extremely fun don't get me wrong, just wish it would have been longer!
Plus, the wait was around an hour and it didn't seem like there were too many people in line overall.
I would certainly recommend it though if you are in the downtown area.
Great especially in the evening with all the lights on!

Just an FYI, make sure you go and pay for your ride when you get to Fremont.
You will then have to wait for a time slot.
We had a lil over an hour to wait for our time slot.
Then when you get in line for your slot, you wait longer.
I believe we at least waited 45 mins.
The ride is only $20 and their employees are quite comical.
We had a fun time but we were slightly tipsy!
Yes i would go again but in the day when no one is doing it.
We went at 10-1130 pm area.
Go sooner than later.
Less traffic on the thing.
Where else can you ride side by side with your friends and the Vegas Lights!

The line to get on the zipline was pretty quick, we did go on a Thursday night at 8:00.
They didn't tell us at the end of the ride we would stop ABRUPTLY so we were a bit shook up with the sudden stop.
I paid $40 for the downloadable version of all my photos.
It is a week later and I am still NOT able to download my photos.
4 calls and 2 emails to customer service has produced NO results!!!
If you call the phone number on the web site it says not in service.

Pay $20 to stand in line for over 30 minutes for a 1 minute ride.
Then they want to charge you $20 for a pic in your harness.
Pass.
They need to drop the price on the picture and I'll bet they make more sales.
If you want to experience a very basic zip line than go for it.
Otherwise I say save your money for a better one.
If you do go, go at night.

The line  wasn't long but man my  grand-ma can move faster than that line, and she is dead!!!
The ride itself was great, but so short... We literally waited in line for over 2 hours for a 15 second ride.....not worth it!!
We went on a Thursday night at 9pm so we were hoping the line would not be so bad.....Like I said the zipline itself was fun, the LINE WAS NOT WORTH IT... all in all, a one-time thing for this family, unless they can figure out how to move people faster.

Lots of changes since the last time I rode this zip-line over the Fremont Experience two years ago - including the addition of the Megatron sized "slot machine.
"  Seems less scary now, but certainly as much fun!
The company appears to have changed (or maybe just completely revamped) from a chintzy establishment to a legit, organized, professional business.
A couple of years ago it was kind of shady - not many safety precautions - and overall amateur approach.
If you've never done it before, it's well worth 20 bucks to fly over the people and under the light show (and music) above - be sure to go at NIGHT...and, if at all possible, try to get strapped in during one of the Fremont shows.
Really enhances the cool factor!
I decided two years ago that once was enough - just to have had the adventure - because of the super long line and wait...just under 2 hours!!
!...but HAD to go again on my last trip to Fremont because I arrived just prior to closing and there was no line!
When in Vegas, A visit to SlotZilla is worth doing - aerial ropeslide away baby!

The staff will lie to you to make a sale.
They said a one hour wait.
Two hours later, we are still in line.
The line is haphazard and chaotic.
The staff are rude and incompetent!
There are groups of people here asking for a refund, but the staff simply ignored all of us.
People have left and would rather lose out on their money than continue to wait.
Save your time and your money.
Do not support businesses that do not care about their customers.
If you have had the same experience, contact The Better Business Bureau, Yelp it, Twitter it, Facebook it...whatever it takes for them to know we matter!

There is a huge lack of background info provided to the riders ahead of time which is a little unnerving considering the nature of the activity.
The workers leading up to the prep line are all miserable and the workers that help you "suit up" are wildly inappropriate when assisting women (I've had less action on a first date).
Additionally, there is no way to know if the harness is on correctly as everyone in my group's harnesses seemed put together a little differently.
By the time my group reached the platform to ride, our excitement level was next to nothing; we just wanted to get it over with.
The other side was no different and we couldn't get off that platform fast enough.
It was fun because of the people I was with; but we had a great time in Vegas regardless.
I won't be surprised if this attraction shuts down due to injury and/or lawsuit very soon.
But then again...Vegas.

It was fun I thought it would've been worse than what it was!
The wait was the worst part.
And I didn't even have a heart attack

Ok so for my birthday I wanted to do something crazy, so I pick to zip line in Vegas.
I'm afraid of heights and I do not ride roller coaster..
So here we go, I had to be talked to for about 10 minutes before I could do it..
There were little kids before that were so excited to ride it..
I didn't want to look like a chicken, but I was.
LOL..
I'm' glad it did it, it was fun..
Try it was friends, but don't drinks until after.

So some facts to throw at you: there are two version of the ride, the lower one (77ft high, 850ft long) that goes halfway across the canopy for $20, and the higher one (114ft high, 1700ft long) that goes all the way down to the end of the canopy for $30.
The SlotZilla website said they'd have the higher one up by Spring 2014 but now, on July 6, it isn't available and the staff said it would be somewhere around the the end of July 2014, early August 2014.
The lower one is still a great time, one of the more fun things I've done recently.
I went up the stairs at about 7:40, and waited a good 30-40 minutes I'd say.
I was alone and it didn't go by too slowly so if you've got a friend with you, it isn't all that bad.
The later into the night you get, the longer the lines will be.
The staff were all friendly people and I had fun people in like next to me so I can't complain.
For $20, I'd do it again in a heartbeat.

The zipline was great!
I paid $40 for the downloadable pictures and I am still not able to find my pictures.
The phone number is busy all the time and noone has yet responded to my emails.
My next stop is the Better Bureau of Business.
So for this I give a good rating.
The line wasn't too bad, its just the actual ride that is scary.
It was an abrupt stop so be preparted.
For those reading...do NOT purchase the downloadable pictures or you will be in my predicament!

The actual experience would have gotten all 5 stars except the one young lady that seemed to hate her jobt and wasn't to interested in making our experience any different than the guys behind us.
She greeted us without a single smile.
Once we showed her our voucher, she simply gave us our wrist bands and said "Wait in line after 920 and someone will be there to help you with the rest.
She printed the WRONG dated wrist bands and once we were at the top, we had to go to the bottom and pick up new ones.
She didn't even apologize for her mistake.
The actual Zip Line was amazing, Once at the top, a multitude of people who were ALL very helpful through the entire process.
Once outfitted, it was a quick elevator ride up, on to the platform and off we Zipped!
It was a great fun!

Slots of fun!

Definitely buy tickets in advance always sold out otherwise..
Very easy even if afraid of heights the step walk down to sit in harness was great..
Wish ride was a little longer, but great fun for $20.00..

