Pizza has returned to Vistancia!
And it couldn't have come sooner in my opinion.
I missed the pizza place that previously occupied this space (R.I.P Grande) if only for the option to have pizza and wings close by.
What's better is I read some chatter online that said this was to be a sister location to the venue at 59th Avenue and the 101.
I had been there before and was very happy with my trip.
Things were looking up.
Immediately coming through the door the feel is very different considering what was in this exact location not too long ago.
It was warm, inviting, and very pizza joint.
You walk up to the counter with the menu hanging up behind it and just start reading left to right.
The first thing that I noticed was the variety.
Stevie's has sandwiches, wings, calzones, pizza, a list of other things, and something they simply call "Rolls".
These rolls are really intriguing in their simplicity.
It appears to be a sort of cannoli made of dough, cheese, and your choice of fillers such as broccoli, sausage, pepperoni, and a couple of other choices.
There are a couple of televisions which not surprisingly had sports playing as well.
It was a really good feel.
The place being very busy in the first week of their opening had a good vibe as well.
My family went with a sausage, mushroom pizza, 10 barbecue wings, 10 mild wings, and an order of garlic knots.
With as busy as it was, the food came pretty quick.
It came to the table hot and smelling great.
The wings were really good.
I take my wings a little crispy and these were a little shy of that, but pretty good.
The flavor was pretty spot on albeit a little warm for mild.
The barbecue was just my style.
A little tangy and full of flavor.
The garlic knots were buttery and loaded with garlic.
Not to much for this guy, but some might not appreciate that much.
Then there was the pizza.
This is touted as New York Style Pizza so I will let you decide.
It is a thinner slice with smaller more numerous pieces of toppings which were mushroom and sausage in my case.
The mushrooms were fresh and the sausage had good flavor.
What it didn't have was excessive grease and a fold-able flex.
It was baked pretty crispy and kept a good shape while I ate it.
I know some like a nice greased up fold-able slice like Grande used to serve.
I respect that, but I prefer this style.
It was a darn good pie and we all enjoyed it.
Here is the other cent of the two I've got.
Ranch.
Some call it a sin to dip one's pizza or wings in ranch.
I am an occasional dipper.
A social dipper.
I am not addicted, I swear.
I can stop any time I want.
Stevie's ranch is a little too much on the buttermilk side and comes in the small cups.
I am a big fan of the thicker less oily ranch in the big cups (Barro's is my benchmark on this subject).
If you are a purist, disregard my insolence.
I know not what I say.
I have to admit, I was mentally comparing Stevie's to the pizza shop that was in this location before.
I couldn't resist it.
You walk into the same space and your mind can't help but want to see something it had previously.
That was a very good thing in this case.
The service is so much better, the ambiance is much more welcoming, the prices are super reasonable, and the refills are free!
I am very glad that another pizza joint took up the spot of the old.
It is just the thing Vistancia needed in my opinion.
My gripes are small but my smile is big.
Welcome to Vistancia, Stevie's!

The pizza, wings, and broccoli roll were very tasty.
If you are in the mood for delicious NY style pizza, then you will not be disappointed at Stevie's in Vistancia!

We brought a large group of girls in for dinner and we were treated so nice!
The service was wonderful and the Pizza was delicious!
Love the crust!
We will definitely be back with our families!

Wow!
New pizza place opened up in  Vistancia and has great food.
Everything is cooked fresh in store so no frozen stuff like others.
Highly recommend you try it.
Viloeta helped us and she was amazing!

best gluten free pizza ever!
a must have :) this place is clean and staff is super friendly!
Best NY style pizza!

Just tried Stevie's for the first time today.
Wings were just okay but the pizza is excellent..
Delicious sauce!
Also much needed in this location.

This pizza joint is a youngling still that replaced the only pizza parlour in Vistancia that closed about half a year ago.
At first, my husband and I instantly thought that this place just changed its name and still had the same menu, but it's a different pizza entirely, and I love it that much more.
Papa John's and Barros are very convenient and they deliver to the Vistancia community, but I love this New York pizza so much more than the so called "Chicago style" Barros pizza (which it's really not), that I don't mind driving here to get it instead of having other pizzas delivered.
Instead of serving soggy large slices, the slices have a texture similar to Peter Piper.
I know that sounds bad, but despite the thinness, the slices actually have substance, which is a really good thing.
But you know how Peter Piper has the stigma that people are afraid to admit that they like it, well, Stevie's Pizza actually has the real  taste to back it up.
You can tell the ingredients are fresh, and even the staff is proud to serve it.
(It seemed like the previous pizza place that this one replaced, the staff hated being there, but I noticed the staff at this new one actually cares about being there).
There's something to be said about service and food quality going hand in hand and that's the reason we keep returning here.
I'd say even for people who don't live in the Vistancia community, it is worth the drive out here to try this New York style pizza.
It's a refreshing change compared to the hundreds of pizza chains out there.

I was working in the strip mall here and this place was recommended to me, although for the pizza and not the eggplant Parmesan that I ended up having.
The lunch slices looked like they had been sitting out for awhile so I went with the sandwich.
The cook (owner?
) was so not into answering questions (he reminded me of the soup nazi from Seinfeld).
He did say that he makes the sandwiches fresh but I'm skeptical of the fried eggplant, not very fresh tasting, also a little over cooked, almost burnt.
Tomato sauce was tasty but not enough of it.
I won't be going back.

Solid!
I am a pizza guy and I think its good stuff.
I would give it a 4.2

Best Pizza in all the valley!
I'm from New Jersey and know what a good Pizza should taste like .
Add a  friendly staff,  a cozy place for dinner and you have a perfect experience.

When ever I am in the area, I make sure to stop by.
The pizza is thin and crispy.
I tried white pizza for the time.
Amazing.
Fresh garlic with ricotta.
Wow!
I will definitely getting that next time.
Or.....I've heard the buffalo chicken pizza is really good.

This review encompasses a number of visits to Stevie's.
Overall, their pizza is tasty, good amount of sauce and cheese (this is for a cheese pizza only, no toppings).
Big slices as well.
Where they lose points is on a couple of issues, I have ordered their hot sandwiches on several occasions and the chicken parm frightens me because it didn't taste or look like a slice of actual chicken breast.
I opened the sandwich and the chicken was cut?
into cubes.
Ok, that's the way they cook it BUT when I looked a little closer at my cube it actually had tiny holes in it, kind of like something you'd find at a meat processing plant.
Needless to say, I have never ordered their hot sandwiches again.
Now on to the pizza, like I said, the overall flavor is quite good BUT whenever I order a pizza with toppings (we like pepperoni & onions - sometimes olives), the toppings are just sprinkled on an already made pizza, so the texture of each topping is wonky or off.
You would think that ordering a pizza with toppings they would make a fresh pizza but alas that has not been the case on many occasions.
Oh well, back to making my own.
Of course, YMMV!

