A café serving kick ass coffee, vegetable and fruit juices, powered up smoothies, raw desserts, soups, porridge, salads, coconut water, and with the happiest vibe around.
Run by the lovely ladies who own Meadowlark and Ashtanga Yoga Edinburgh (the yoga school on the corner two doors down), they took over No 39 and stripped off the dark red walls, threw out the white chocolate flapjacks, got a new coffee machine with advice from Freemans, and voila!
My new favourite café in Edinburgh.
Don't diss raw food till you've tried it.
This isn't vegan food that tastes like rabbit food.
This is delicious treats, salads and vegetable juices that will make you feel AMAZING, and taste delicious.
Raw cheesecake has no dairy or gluten, or added sugar.
It's cashew butter with cacao (or banana or something similar) for the topping, and crushed nuts for the base.
I dare you to try it and not like it.
And paired with one of those rocket fuel coffees, its a match made in heaven.
The coffee was quite pricey at £2.20 for a small cup of Americano.
But it was the best coffee I've had in a long long time (and I drink a lot).
The juices are largely vegetable based too.
Fennel, cucumber, beetroot.
None of the blood sugar spike you get from an orange and apple juice, or a berry smoothie (pretty much the same reaction on your blood sugar as cake).
Nope.
A green juice with ginger is going to cure that hangover far better than a bacon egg roll (trust me, I'm a devotee of bacon).
They opened on the weekend of 8th November, and have shut the week 11th November to consolidate.
I think they re-open 15th November so I suggest you head down there when they do and grab a kick-ass coffee, super charged juice and raw treat.

The food, coffee and juices in this new pop-up cafe are awesome!
The Breakfast Club deal is especially good value - big bowl of granola with fruit, a juice and a coffee - £6.50.

mmmmm, the ALMOND MILK.
they need to sell this stuff by the gallon, because it's lovely- thick,creamy, a touch sweet, and about a 100 times better than my home made efforts.
i'm having withdrawals.
also having withdrawal for their green juice- who knew vegetables could taste so good juiced up?
i arrived on the day they were prepping everything after a weekend rush, so didnt get to sample their meusli - boooo - but with extremely friendly staff, tasty food and a great breakfast deal, i will be back!

No, but you don't understand, it isn't LIKE that, guys.
It isn't snooty.
It isn't scene.
In fact, if you didn't know that everything here was good and virtuous, that whatever your dietary requirements you are probably guaranteed to find it catered for, you wouldn't realise that that was the whole point.
Sure, there's gluten free stuff, vegan stuff, dairy free stuff, juice cleanses, organic boosters, aaaaaaall that jazz.
But it doesn't feel preachy or superior - it's just... really nice.
Wooden tables, big front window in a leafy street in Marchmont just beside the Meadows, lots of light and space, and a mighty fine looking lemon tart I want to go back and try.
Yep, it's a winner.
Maybe they could do with a couple more comfy places to sit, perhaps, as one of my lasting memories is of "quite hard".
However, my carrot, orange and celery juice was a super-refreshing start to a day that would later contain, from another establishment, two coffees in a row and the world's largest slice of red velvet cake, and yet I felt healthy all day because of the juice.
Maybe that's the only danger here: the ability to fool yourself your diet is JUST FINE because you feel so good from just the smallest Meadowlarking of a morning.

