This place just opened up recently so we decided to try it.
Food gets 2 stars and service gets 4.
We started off with the sampler appetizer plate.
Pretty decent.
Nothing stuck out to me too much but bf like the pretzel bites.
Heads up that the breaded sausage bites are a nicer version of a corn dog.
Got the turkey burger with mushrooms and avocado.
Unfortunately despite the toppings, the turkey itself was mushy.
Maybe too much bread as binding?
It was pretty bad and I know my turkey burgers.
Bf got their pizza and didn't think it was very good either.
The place is pretty good to go to hang out.
Open and airy.
They have a mini game room in back with an air hockey table and couple other games.
Waiter was good.
Checked on us often.
Good potential so we'll see how it grows.
Sounds like the chef is playing with the menu.

Great food and service   Dan or Sergio will take great care of your needs ... Best Sweet potato fries!!!
Can't wait to go back   Your neighbors

Dawn P is on the right track  Service is great!
As for the food...  We tried the carnivore pizza - just a notch above frozen pizza  Iced tea tastes like water, and the bar tender agreed, but could not fix the mix.
She graciously offered an alternative.
We will give em another try in a month or to.

I visited the establishment on 12/7 and have the following observations:  1.
I hope by the time anyone reads this review the sewer smell is fixed..  2.
Solid metal chairs were extremely uncomfortable, metal chairs will suit those only with small body frames.
While I appreciate the beer samples bartender was passing around the dining room, bartender need not stand there hoping I say yes..
I ended up saying thank you politely and he eventually got the hint.

I have received a response from the manager of this establishment in regards to the above issues.
Very seldom do I receive responses from business management on my Yelp reviews, thank you Taylor!
I look forward to my next visit to this establishment.

A great addition to North Scottsdale!
We appreciate the family friendly atmosphere, yet very enjoyable for adults.
Kids eat free is always a bonus, especially with great options!!!!
We've tried several salads and other menu items that have been really good.
Also there are GLUTEN FREE options!
The wait staff is friendly and attentive.
If you are local, I'd recommend "liking" them on Facebook, as they often post specials (game day, etc.).
If you are missing a game (due to your cable provider) - It will most likely be on at CF.
Check them out!

They have great food.
I love coming here to play golden tee.
The golden tee setup they have is awesome, it's right next to the bar top.
I also like the $1 off any drink during happy hour.

Went here to watch a big NFL game on Saturday night.
Great beer selection, lots on draft and some hard-to-find local craft brews.
Service is great and atmosphere relaxed.
We had the spinach dip, really good, and had the Cajun burger and buffalo chic sandwich.
Both were good but I recommend the burger.
There are few sports bars in the are so this fills the void.
I will be heading back to try more if the beers and some of the other apps..

Ordered a grilled cheese and tomato soup on 2/7/14.
How could you ruin that?
The sandwich had 2 pieces of jagged hard plastic in it.
The soup was terrible and thick.
Campbell's would have been a better choice.
And I paid $9.72 with $2 tip!
The bar is awesome and the place was beautifully remodeled.
Wish the food was there.
(3rd and last time eating there).

Great atmosphere!
Low key and relaxed.

Great food and service.
Scene was so nice and helpful.
Calamari was to die for.
Highly recommended.
Lots of TVs they even asked us what we wanted to see.
Great Sports Bar!

great service and awesome place to watch a game.
bartenders are kind and fun.
cant wait to go back!

Love this place!
Excellent, friendly service and great food!
The kind of place you definitely want in your neighborhood.
Great happy hour spot or place to bring the kids for a fun meal and teach them how to watch 5 different games at one time!
Top notch...5 stars...check it out soon!!

Great service every time we come here...and that's every Wed.
Personal favorite is grilled salmon salad (they have several variations of it, too).
Surprisingly good menu and kitchen, better than you'd expect at a sports bar/grill.
Prices are good for the quality of food and nice N. Scottsdale location.

I originally rated Champion Field after visiting them, where i thought the food was pretty good, but the comfort of the restaurant was lacking.
Since then, they have updated the accommodations and kept the food good and the beers cold.
For sports, CF rocks with their super large BRIGHT tv's - its a good place to go for the game!

Great food.
Great atmosphere.
Quick service.
Huge tables so you can really spread out.
I ordered the champion burger and my husband got the Cuban sandwich.
Everything was really fresh.
We also got the fried chicken as an app and it was the freshest fried chicken I've had in a long time.
All the food tasted amazing.
We are definitely going back.

Just watched a World Cup game with a group of 15+ kids here.
Food is decent, but beers were $7 each?
The place has no atmosphere, you can't even tell what it is from the outside?
In the middle of a retail/office park.
Staff were friendly, just can't imagine it will stay open for much longer.

