If you're thinking of going to a property management company stay far away from Irent4you.
Joanna was most likely a very honest woman before she partnered with Larry.
He is one of the dirtiest slum lords I have ever met.
Not only do I feel this way as a former tenant that he rented an out of code house for, yet I worked for him(one job), he tried to rip me off on materials and what he owed me for labor.
The only way I broke even was moving out and letting him know that I was turning them both in, then they suddenly found a way to handle the situation.
Then we meet with Larry and Joanna and after we work out an agreement so I won't turn them in, Joanna promises to get a copy of what we agreed on mailed & emailed right away.
She didn't.
I was wise to how Larry is by 3 years of dealing with him and made sure that I recorded the entire meeting on my phone.
Voice recorder folks, it helps, a great app.
These folks not only rent out of code homes, yet they will do as little as they can to fix the place up before you move in and take some money off of the 1st month's rent if you fix it.
When my Father-in-law died and we had a month of money problems Larry promised my family that he would lower the rent for the next month, he said it right in front of all of us.
Rent time came and he backed out, that is when I knew that I needed to record him, and anyone he worked with.
Well, I hope this helps.
Joanna Jangler & Larry Adams are the crooks who own Irent4you.
UPDATE - Irent4you proves themselves crooks again.
They mailed me and stated that they used our security deposit toward the last month's rent as they said they would, yet instead of using what they owe me for work I can prove I've done through photos and Credit card statements that show the material costs, they decided to try an charge me another $372.00.
This is fine by me because I have already started writing one heck of a letter to "3 on your side" to nail them as slum lords, and will now go to the proper authorities with proof that they rent homes out of code, and the recording I have of both Joanna and Larry lying to us in their office(which is full of homeless folks, Joanna takes care of homeless folks in the office with YOUR bank information right next to them to access), along with the new letter that helps prove their lies.
I am also going to Angie's list and every other site I can find to help folks to stay away from Larry Adams and Joanna Janger, as well as put a mechanics lien on them.
UPDATE - This morning 11/19/13 Joanna emails me threatening me with a lawyer to stop telling folks that they are crooks, well this is the internet and I have my rights also.
She also adds in the email that we owe them nothing again.
So I have a letter from her company saying that we owe $372.00, then a recording and now an email stating we owe nothing.
This is how trustworthy these folks are.
They would be fools to take me to court with all the proof I have, and I would love the chance to show a judge all I have against them.
We will see what the future holds, yet I won't stop telling a truth that I can back.

What an amazing company!
Joanna is so awesome and a pleasure to work with!

The communication and follow up with this company is terrible.
I've never had any issues getting my rent from them, but it takes days for them to follow up to questions - and many times I have to hound them for answers.
They are not a proactive rental company and I'm currently having to nag them about my tenants lease that's almost up.
This is my first experience with a rental company, so I have no comparison, but I'd say that I Rent 4 You is not my first choice.

