Had an great time at this race!
It was another FUN RUN I participated in with a few of my friends.
The race itself was set-up well, easy to register, not a bad price, reminder e-mails, information emails, not once did I feel like I was left hanging trying to get prepared for this run.
Packet pick up was easy and quick nothing much to worry about.
The day of the race, parking was a snap ($10 was a little pricey to park your car) we got in parked and walked right through the gate.
Our start time was 1:30 on a Saturday afternoon, but we were able to be released with the 1:00 start time, because we were in the last large wave.
The run itself was set up well, having to run some and get through obstacles.
The way they set up the spacing between obstacles was nice, for if you were tired from an obstacle you could run or walk to the next one to take a little break.
There are a lot of different kind of athletes that run these fun races.
People who go to have a good time and run/walk, people who like the obstacles but don't run at all, and people who get through the run and obstacles as fast as possible.
So no matter what kind of athlete you are, you can take it at your own pace and everyone has a good time.
With their being obstacles, you of course have some kind of backup/wait at each obstacle but its not too bad.
You can catch your breath and chit chat with people while waiting in line.
The obstacles were very fun and different from any other run I have participated in.
You had monkey bars, a big wall to go up and over, large barriers that you had to get over/hurdle, slides to climb up then slide down, blow up slides that got you wet and covered in foam, a large and long bouncy obstacle you had to bounce through to get to the other side, the wrecking ball, where you had to travel through water on a small path without getting hit by two large balls on a crane swinging at you and last but not least the largest inflatable waterslide to cross the finish line.
This race was basically like the show Wipe Out!
In the end everything that had to do with the actual race was awesome!
They do really need to spruce up their after party and have better vendors working there.
The beer ladies were all terribly rude, the food options were yuck and the DJ didn't get the crowd pumped at all.
Those few things along with a better t-shirt design I think the race would have been perfect!!!!
Hopefully some better things to come next yr!
Thanks for the fun run ROC!

So Much Fun!!!
A few of us signed up for this race a while back because it looked like it would be a good time.
I have done a few other obstacle runs like Warrior Dash and Rugged but those are much more hardcore.
ROC race was a ton of fun and very well organized.
The obstacles were great and some seemed like they were from one of those game shows you see on TV.
Inflatable water slides, rope swing, monkey bars and moon bounce were just a few that were there.
The wrecking ball was awesome toward the end as well.
There was a bag check and alcohol was available for those over 21.
Many people came out in costumes.
This was definitely one of the most fun races I have done so far and I will definitely sign up again next year if they come back to Phoenix.
Highly recommend!

Let's face it.
Every run now has its gimmick.
However, how could I turn down one that bases its run on television game show obstacles?
Wipeout has always been one of my favorite shows.
I even pondered going out to California to try out for the show.
It's too bad my work schedule always got in the way!
The ROC (Ridiculous Obstacle Couse) race did not disappoint.
There were endless inflatable obstacles to be had at this run.
Even the huge big balls made their appearance.
You know, that one obstacle where you have to jump from one ball to the next and to the next and to the next?
There were four giant balls all together, but instead of falling into the water, you just fell onto a bouncy platform.
The odds for getting hurt in this run were very slim!
There were all sorts of slides.
Some slides you slid down normally and landed in water.
Others, you slid on your belly.
There was also foam filled slip and slides.
People you didn't even know, you raced down these slides, because why not?
It's fun!
One of the most intimidating obstacles was trying to get across a long thin walkway without getting slammed by two giant spinning "wrecking" balls.
These balls did not hurt, but if they hit you just right, you fell into the water.
There were a few cases where some people went flying into the water, but that was rare.
It was entertaining to see people scheme strategies on how to make it across.
The funny part is, after I made my attempt and fell in.
I wanted to go back and try again!
It wasn't scary at all!
It was hilarious and fun!
After the run, there were foam machines that blasted foam in the air.
It was hard to take pictures since there was so much of it that it was almost impossible to see!
It didn't matter though.
How often do you get to play in foam bubbles?
It's the closest you'll ever to getting to know what it's like to be in a washing machine in your life, or maybe closer to those foam parties in college...
Either way, it was a blast!
Another interesting aspect was that the entire run is untimed.
It's how I convinced alot of my "non running" friends to participate!
I just wish that everyone got a medal at the end.
It seems that only the costume contest ones got medals.
My team of 12 dressed as 80s runners, but we somehow missed the costume competition and missed out on those medals.
Although slightly disappointed, it was soon forgotten after enjoying some drinks from Southern Comfort who sponsored the event.
No, the drinks weren't free, but they had a variety of drinks to enjoy regardless so we couldn't turn them down.
All in all, this was one of my favorite obstacle runs ever just because it truly accomplishes what it intends, for everyone to have fun and smile!

We ROC'd it!
For the first year in Arizona , ROC race did it pretty well!
Kinda like Wipeout with inflatable obastacles along the 5k course.
We were lucky with the great weather a little wind helped with the walking.
Yes, you can walk, jog or run the course.
But why go fast when you can take your time, enjoy the weather, time with your friends and YOU NEED your energy when you try to complete the obstacles!
A few suggestions would be:  1.
Water and food at the end of the finish line (provided, not for purchasing)  2.
Some kind of medal or something for all participants  3.
More photographers at the obstacles, having seen the photos on the official photography site, not really impressed and for the price, seriously!
Some of the obstacles are not that easy, I did accomplish the Wrecking Ball which wasn't as hard as some of the others.
Just big balls in your way and a very hairy man in a speedo with a really irritating voice to annoy you while you try to cross without falling in the brown water.
It was fun, however, we didn't stick around since the price of food and drinks were high.
It didn't feel like an after party, therefore, we went to a close restaurant which was filled with the racers.

ROC Race is now at the top of my obstacle course race list!
Unlike similar races, this one spares the mud bath and although you still get a 'dirty' yet refreshing soak at the bottom of some slides and obstacles, the only thing to rinse off at the end is a thick coating of foam and bubbles...but then we were right back in the bubbles outside of the race where spectators and racers could play beneath a machine blowing this foam into the air and all over the ground where people were literally swimming or hiding under said foam.
The obstacles weren't too challenging.The only one that seemed almost impossible, 'big balls' was skipped by most.
I tried it but immediately fell upon jumping onto the first ball.
The slides and moon bounce were the most fun.
The wrecking ball obstacle was the most anticipated challenge, I believe.
The emcee at the beginning of the race did a great job of getting everyone pumped and ready to run!
And the emcee at the last obstacle, wrecking ball, was quite entertaining with his speedo and commentary.
We were VERY disappointed that we did not get a medal at the end of this race.
I've collected bibs and medals from every obstacle run I've done and they were not passed out at the end of this race.
And this one might have been the most I had paid for an obstacle course!
I saw a few medals but heard they were only for the costume content, which we knew nothing about until it had ended.
And we were all dressed up in 80s costume.
We enjoyed the cocktails and music post-race, as well.
I would definitely do this race again and recruit more friends if I get the chance.
It was a super fun time!

