I had an opportunity to check out this new place last night for a soft opening.
I believe they officially open this weekend.
Good food, good vibe, and a very friendly staff.
As far as food, the highlight of the meal was the BBQ Chicken Lettuce Wraps...awesome, a must try.
We also tried the ribs, the salmon and few sides (great mac n' cheese).
All were very good and had a great presentation.
I will definitely be back to try more when they are officially open.
They are set up for live music but didn't have a band playing on this night, however they have a great sound system with a DJ that made for a fun atmosphere.
Above the dining area is a grated catwalk which has a staff of dancers who periodically do a routine right above you.
It's a perfect set up for a place right on the strip.
A useful side note...there currently isn't an entrance from the Monte Carlo Casino.
To get to it, just walk out to the strip, the only access is from Las Vegas Blvd.

I love the atmosphere here, easy and high energetic.
Very good for groups the relax after work and hang out!

Came here for dinner with a rather large group of 12 but the waiters kept forgetting things we ordered such as not bringing my friend's beer that we eventually had to cancel and not bringing half of our group's dinner.
Overall the ambiance is fun an the food is good.
I highly suggest you get the catfish sandwich

On the fence with a mixed bag of deliberation.
Let me first commend the hostesses.
Great opener to the first-time visitor.
Extremely friendly, courteous, and genuinely enthusiastic.
We ordered the loaded BBQ nachos, crispy (deep fried") meatloaf, cheddar cheese grits, fried catfish sandwich, crackling pork shank, and BBQ brisket.
The best part of the meal was the appetizers.
That meatloaf and nacho boulder were a phenom start.... (that meatloaf should be on every deathrow prisoner's bucket list).....  .... then it went sideways and slightly downhill like a 2-bit skateboard park.
The catfish was too salty, brisket too dry, and cheese grits too...... out-of-a-cardboard-box tasting.
The one saving grace was the pork shank because....... how the heck can anyone screw up pork at a BBQ place?
The live band was very ordinary (seriously, how do you mess up "My Sharona"?
), but the highlight throughout the night were the double barrel dancers that kicked their heels throughout the night up in the rafters, as well as waddling and 2-stepping throughout the restaurant...... a very welcomed distraction.
Because this is an SBE restaurant, on top of the fact that a Vegas bar is expected to be high at these menu prices (yeah they're not cheap folks), my expectations are high, and therefore rating standards are tough on this one.
Cocktails were decent, but ridonkulously high-priced for the small quantity, and Bar service was slow.
They also need to work on sound engineering and accoustic construction (waaaaay too much audible turbulence for a restaurant), and the air is far too thick.
I think it has something to do with fog machines, but whatever it is, airflow is very stale and we eventually left because of headaches.
That said, I won't take away from the general fun atmosphere of the place.
The dancers really brought a great dynamic to the place, and there was no shortage of gawking diners.
It was sort of reminiscent of the days when the Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders could send any place into a high-octane frenzy when they toured the country and were a one-of-a-kind breed back in the day.
From a epicurean standpoint, skip this place if you're expecting anything more than a basic BBQ roadhouse joint.
But if you're in the mood for group fun, you'll probably like it.
Will I come back?
For partying?
Yes.
For food?
Meh..... we'll see....

I was here on opening night, and despite it being busy, service was friendly and took a reasonable amount of time.
Ambiance was lively & fun.
Not too impressed with the food.
Ribs were OK- pretty tough and very lightly sauce covered.
Biscuits and gravy were gross- I couldn't even pinpoint what the watery gravy was seasoned with besides salt.
Biscuits themselves were also tasteless.
Despite it being busy, there was a lot of standing around I observed from the wait staff, but being new, that is to be expected until they get into stride.

Good food excellent location three bars and plenty of scenery!
Great new spot on the strip.
The staff is really trying hard to make it cool!
Outdoor seating right on the strip so you can watch all the freaks walk by!

This place is AWESOME!!!
I went the weekend they opened and had a GREAT TIME!
So many places on the strip try too hard and everything about this place seemed naturally cool.
The buffalo chicken sliders, chicken pot pie and deep fried s'mores were soooooo good!
A live band came on later in the night so my friends and I gave up our $5,000 table reservation at Hakkasaan so we could stay here because we were having so much fun!
Ended up saving thousands of dollars and made this one of our best Vegas trips!

This place is AWESOME!!!
Had an amazing meal - buffalo chicken sliders are UNREAL and the nachos are perfect!!
We also had some fried pickles that were not on the menu - but were awesome!!
Love this place!
Will def be going back!

We did not enjoy this place at all.....over priced,not even happy hour specials and the worst service ever.
He sat and chatted with customers and ignored us.
Just a bad atmosphere.
Never again.

My wife and I tried this out this weekend.
The pulled pork sandwich was really good but the grilled cheese was pretty much flavorless.
It needed something more to give it that final kick.
The sweet potato fries were also soggy instead of crisp.
This place is new and seems like they still have a few bugs to work out.
The service was ok but it took forever for us to get our drinks and for our initial visit from our waitress.

We stopped here as we heard the drinks were huge and delicious, and we were hungry.
The Double Barrel Iced Tea (or whatever its called), doubled up was $24 and while it was large and delicious, no way we were each getting one for that price, so we shared.
Waitress was inattentive, left while I was asking her a question and when she came back just said "So are we ready yet?
" Being vegetarian, I opted to try the wood-fire grilled portobello mushroom at something like $13, he got the porkchop which was something like $16.
Now I understand Vegas, especially the strip was pricey, but my meal was tiny, and on top of that the mushroom came out cold.
When I told my waitress, she asked if she could warm it up for me.
Sure.
No apology though.
When the manager came by to check on things, my boyfriend was done eating and I was still waiting on my tiny mushroom.
I told her it was being rewarmed as it came out cold and she goes, "Oh, weird!
We'll now it will come out better than ever.
Sorry about that.
" At least I got an apology.
I know the waitress isn't too responsible for it being cold, but to not offer a "sorry" about it upset me.
Boyfriend said the porkchop was very eh.
She then avoided our table until we were done with EVERYTHING, drinks down to ice, not a scrap left on the table, so when she came with the check she seemed surprised we wanted dessert.
I was still starving!
Ordered the deep fried s'moores, which she replied were her favorite.
Another BUNK order.
Tiny, and gross.
Was not good at all, the batter they used was not sweet at all so it tasted like breaded chocolate.
We still tipped well and left, heard the place was new so cut it some slack.
I even tipped the host as she was the friendliest of the three girls we interacted with.
I got much better food, portions, service, etc.
EVERYWHERE else on the strip I went.
The only good part was the overpriced drink.
I hope they improve as they are open longer, but we will not be back on our next trip.

I think this restaurant is very cute.
I would go to have a drink and maybe an appetizer.
We had dinner and weren't very satisfied.
The server was very nice.
I had the roadhouse nachos.
I didn't seem to be able to find anything appetizing on the menu so I chose Nachos.
They came on a cookie sheet.
On top was cheese, pulled pork in sauce that was to sweet.
It said it had baked beans on them as well.
I had him put them on the side.
They were cold and to sweet.
The sour cream had wasabi in it.
I truly did not like them.
My friend had the mini pulled pork sliders.
He said they were good but agreed everything was to sweet.
This is a cute place and good for drinks and appetizers only.

Worst bar on the strip.
We came to watch the games for March Madness.
They have 7 TVs in the bar area all on the same game, and the manager said it was impossible to change even one of the TVs because they were all on a schedule.
Are you kidding me?
Don't come here.
Bad service, incompetent management, and somehow they ran out of beer by noon.

Never write reviews but have to say for this one, since when did bartenders start acting like they're above people and aren't they supposed to be social?
I came here for dinner with my friends and the food was good.
Hostess was welcoming.
Table server was friendly.
Recommend the appetizer tower and the HUGE Double Barrel Burger.
However, after dinner we decided to stop by the bar and there was a girl and guy bartender.
The girl was nice, blond, smiled at everyone.
Unfortunately, we sat on the blond guy's section, he only waited on girls that came by and joked around with his bartender coworker.
When we asked for a drink it seemed like it was a drag for him to take our order.
Who's hired at this place?
If you think your muscles are above everyone, go work at a Gold's Gym buddy, you're nothing special.
Not coming here again.
So I rated two stars because of the outstanding negative service.

This new open air bar is awesome!
It was the perfect place to gather with friends  and watch the basketball games during March Madness over the past weekend.
The service was friendly and quick, and their Bloody Mary is THE BEST in Vegas!
They have a smokey taste that is really unique and just delicious!
There are tons of appetizers to share with a big group - be sure to try the sweet potato fries and the appetizer tower.
Getting a few plates to share is the best way to go.
The bar faces the strip so you can see what's going on, and it's so nice to have a fun place to hang out that is not inside a casino.
Definitely venture out of the norm and try this place out!
Cheers!

I go to Vegas every year for March Madness, and I thought this place was AWESOME.
I refuse to sit in a smoke filled sports bar packed in there like sardines.
We stumbled on to this place on Saturday to watch the third day of games.
Our wait was less than 5 minutes, which to me is fabulous.
We drank 32oz beers (Shock Top) for $14 and ate multiple appetizers for $6.
I should give this place a bad review to scare everyone away that way I can get the same experience next year when I arrive.
With that being said, this place is 10x greater than the location just to the south....
I won't mention the name  but the name is spanish for the DEVIL.

I recently had dinner here on a slow night and experienced how different the service is compared to a busy night.
The cocktails looked and tasted good, however, I did not like how the bartenders at the bar I was sitting favored some guests more than others.
I ordered from what looked like high school jock (blond muscles) and his buddy with odd facial hair.
Not only did it take TOO long for them to start my drink because their jokes seemed more important, but I also saw them pour a mason jar full of vodka for their friends across the bar.
Being a local, I was shocked to see that happening out in the open at a NEW restaurant on the strip.
No managers on a slow night???
The food was good itself, but then again, I was never checked on after.
Maybe I will sit at a table where the servers seem friendlier if I ever decide to go back.
For future visitors, food and fruity drinks I would recommend, but for the service, you've been warned.

We went here for an event for my husbands work.
The food was great, and the drinks were really good.
I had a Double Barrel Iced Tea.
The food was served by the bite.
We had the seasoned fries, pulled pork sliders, mac and cheese, crispy chicken sliders.
All tasted great.
The service was a bit slow, but that's probably because there were several people at this event.

Traditionally, food was not that important in the bar business....so it was generally unhealthy, uninspired, and inedible (unless drunk).
In the past decade or so, some shrewd restaurateurs figured out that bar-food didn't always have to be crap This created the concept of the Gastro-Pub, which is essentially artisanal beer and liquor combined with high-end cuisine.
Well, the guys at Double Barrel didn't get that memo...because the food here is dreadful.
I had the BBQ ribs and my friend had the chicken-fried steak.
Both came out 5 minutes after we ordered them, which means they were prepared well-in-advance and were waiting patiently under heat-lamps to be called upon.
Nice.
On top of that, the place is located right on the strip at the front of the Monte Carlo casino, which requires a 10 minute walk from the parking lot through the casino, to the hostess stand.
If you just want beer and big-screen sports, and you like to describe things as "awesome", then this place is for you.
But if you're looking for good food worth paying for, then you can skip this place.

Food was great but server got order wrong maybe because music is to loud.
They play a good mix of music that we like.
Over all we would come back here.

Really bad service.. We were waiting for the waitress more than 20 minutes and then we left..

I would give this more stars if they didn't tax the hell out of everything.
The Nachos were different (had a bbq sauce on it) BUT VERY YUMMY and huge.
We had a few  beers and this place is huge.
We came in late night so sat up close to the stage on the top floor.. band was good and entertaining.
We really liked the place until we got our $50 something bill and noticed $23 tax added to it..
There was a service tax, entertainment tax, food tax.. totaling about $23on $50 something bill.. WTH is all that?
If they get rid  of all that extra hidden charges we will be back.. otherwise Never again.. plenty of other fun places to go too.
Needless to say we were shocked..
There were only 2 of us too for about 1 1/2 hours..

Went in here to have some drinks and we ask then is if they can change the TV to see Mexico vs USA and they were very accommodating.
Our bartender Double D mixed us up some great drinks.
All I had to do was ask him to make me a drink with a certain ingredient and he did!
Dude made me drink with balsamic vinegar and that drink was bomb!
Overall the prices are a little pricey but who cares your in Vegas right?
All in all great customer service by the bartenders and of course great drinks.

Great southern food.
We all were very happy with our orders...we had Chicken Fried Steak, Brisket, Pulled Pork Sandwiches, Ribs and Fried Chicken.
The sides were great as well.
They opened recently so there are kinks to work out.
We waited quite a while for our waiter to take our order.
Otherwise we were pleased with our service and it was some of the best food we had on our trip.
I'd definitely recommend it.
Its also great that the restaurant is open to the strip and has a patio area...seems like its more accessible to the strip.

WoW!!!
This place is off the hook!
Love, love, LOVED it!
We met up with a group of friends and had the most AMAZING dinner here last night.
We were all SO impressed that they have only been open for 4 weeks and didn't miss a beat.
The service was exceptional, the food was soooo delicious, the portions were perfect, the ambiance was just what we needed to start a fun night in Vegas

My wife and I tried this today.
She had a burger and I had the chicken breast sandwich.
Both were just ok, nothing special.
We have had better sandwiches at the celebrity burger places on the strip that were less expensive.
With so many places to eat in Las Vegas, this will be the one and only stop here.

We had a great  experience.
My husband had a grilled cheese.
We shared the wings which are outstanding.
They smoke them for two days!
Service was great.
I will be back to try the baked s'mores.

Ok so I'm a fan of trying new restaurants.
Went with a 3 other people who did not rave about their dishes.
I didn't mind the food overall, and I sampled most dishes.
I had the fried chicken, however not a big fan of the breading.
I also had the appetizer like pork rolls forgot what they were called but those were bomb.
My friend had a burger and fries they thought was descent, another had the chicken fried steak which was alright not a big fan of gravy though, and my other friend had grilled chicken which was cool.
I would go back to try more stuff.
The customer service was amazing.
I came maybe there 2nd week of opening and I have a SBE rewards card, they were not set up to give the discount yet however the manager Matt I think his name was took care of it and was really cool.

Excellent food and service.
Busy Friday night, and waters were regularly filled and our server was alway near by.
The BBQ spring rolls, grilled cheese and fried chicken sliders were amazing.
The fried s'more was simply over the top.
A must order!

Love the open bar right on the strip.
If you order beer get the large.
It's more like ordering a pitcher then an actually beer stein.
Staff was very friendly.
Tvs all round to watch the game.
Waitress in shorty shorts.
Great prices on drinks, food was reasonable as well.
Seems more like a local joint then an over done tourist attraction.

Are you hungover?
Looking for something to fill your booze-soaked gut?
Need a hearty meal to get you back at 100%?
Then look elsewhere.
After an entire day of liver-wrecking, my buddy & I woke late in the day and thought we needed something more substantial than the usual eggs-and-toast breakfast.
Since this place is all shiny and new it acted like a beacon, calling out to us to stop in for a bite.
The open air seating was attractive since neither of us felt like being too confined.
We needed a constant flow of fresh oxygen, even if it was from Vegas' smoky streets.
I ordered up a Bloody Mary to get things going.
The waitress warned me it was spicy, which I didn't consider a problem.
What WAS a problem was that it just plain sucked.
There wasn't much spice to it, just the overwhelming flavor of BBQ sauce, which someone at some point in time thought was an acceptable ingredient in this drink.
I'm not one to leave a wounded soldier to die on my table, but I just could not get this drink down my gullet.
And I really tried.
Both my friend & I ordered the brisket plate.
They don't have any lunch specials here, so you're basically forced to order up an entire 1/2 lb.
of brisket at once.
I opted for the sweet potato fries as a side since everything else looked extremely heavy.
When they served it up, we immediately felt a wave of regret wash over us.
My friend took one look, had a tiny bite of meat, and then decided he was probably going to puke if he kept at it.
I covered his plate with a white sheet (napkin) and laid it to rest.
As for my meal, I didn't fare much better.
The brisket itself was plentiful... and plenty lukewarm.
There were, what, 5 or 6 other tables occupied here.
How exactly did my food come out barely hot?
The plate also included things like a parsley bunch and a grilled lemon.
Function over form, chefs!
WTF am I going to do with a grilled lemon?
It's a plate of brisket.
I asked the waitress and she said it was for presentation.
A better idea?
Don't waste lemons on a "presentation" that serves no purpose.
Even better idea?
Don't waste time - and a considerable amount of money - eating here.

HOLY COW!
First great spot on the strip, great looking place.
BAD: The 19 minutes we wait (after we sat down) for any type of service.
Now, ok, maybe nobody saw us.
OR the fact that 2 managers were talking less than 6 feet away THE ENTIRE TIME didn't see us too.
It's vegas, not too many people are in a rush, and neither were we.
So I decided to wait, and wait, and wait, and wait...for 19 minutes.
THEN I asked the managers, "Is 20 minutes the right number to wait before service"?.
They were sorry, comp'ed 1 drink and went along with their day.
BEST PART, I happen to run into another manger weeks later and he offered to show me the right service levels.
Maybe I go back, but with so many great places on the strip....maybe not.

Stopped in last week while in town.
Also went to Guy Fieri's and , between the two, would be back here again first.
Recently opened about a month ago.
Love the open atmosphere overlooking the strip.
It's on the west side of LVB (next to Mirage near Diablo's) not east side as the map shows.
They've got TVs and a huge screen in the back for sports.
Ordered drinks, BBQ chicken lettuce wraps, nachos and chocolate stuffed cookies.
Lettuce wraps were not really BBQ flavored, just grilled but the sweet sauce for them was great.
Nachos were good and DID have BBQ and shredded beef in them.
Tasty.
But hands down the chocolate filled cookies were awesome!
Came out hot and oozing chocolate.
Save some room or just stuff 'em down.
Service was prompt, attentive and friendly.
Everything came out fast and hot.
We'll be back!

Good food, good variety on the menu.
Service was good and the atmosphere was perfect for a Saturday afternoon.
The prices were about what you would expect for the venue.

Great new restaurant on the Strip!
The swordfish and collards were amazing....
Awesome beer selection, with a 32oz "mug" as the way to go!
The staff was among the best in Vegas!
We'll be back!

Great first impression.
There was a gorgeous lady who offered to take our picture before we ate and let us post on Facebook.
So fun!
We got some blue cocktails.
Yummy.
And salads are huge!
Server was super friendly.
Loved the atmosphere and music!

One star for the service and the cocktails.
If you want food, go elsewhere!
My boyfriend and I were excited to try this new place on the strip.
We ordered some large spiked iced tea's that were great.....then our food arrived.
We ordered the fried chicken sliders and when my boyfriend bit into one, it was raw in the middle.
We sent back the slider platter and asked to have bbq beef sliders instead, as there is no way he was trying chicken again.
When the beef sliders arrived, they were about 80% fat.
Not good fat either, but flabby, gelatinous fat.
We didn't eat them, asked for our bill and left.
We were not asked why we didn't eat the beef sliders and we were charged for them after they served us raw chicken.
I loved the cocktail, but that is not enough to go back.

Bleh.
Mediocre at best.
The server gave us all these suggestions and we were so excited about it.
The catfish was under seasoned and the bread was way too sweet (catfish sandwich).
And the macaroni looks cafeteria style and too salty.
No one was overly happy with their meals but it's not the worse food I ever had.
Nonetheless there are much better places to go eat in Las Vegas.

The drinks are pretty cool - there's a large variety.
It's great that it's an open-air, open facing restaurant, so it's easily accessible from the Strip.
Menu items to try: Mini corn dogs, deviled eggs, mac n cheese, fries, corn chowder.
The music is a little all over the place so I hope you like a wide variety!

Great atmosphere and great food!
Love the outdoor seating arrangement.
Service was great until it came to split the check.
You'd have thought she had to enlist the mayor to break things out.
But overall great service.
Will definitely go back next time in town.

I went here for a company outing a few weeks ago.
The interior is very well made, with TVs laid out in every corner and it was really easy to see the basketball game that was on from any angle.
I'd say it's a pretty cool venue to watch a game.
I had a Heineken and a Double Barrel Burger that costs roughly $30.
It's a venue on the Strip so everything is going to be kind of a rip off.
:D  The burger was seriously one of the best I've had.
Don't know if it contained kobe meat (probably not) but it was so well made.
I would go back just for the burger.
Fries are A-OK and nothing special.
No garlic fries which is a bummer.
I didn't have the tea but my co-worker said it was pretty good.
He also said the BBQ sliders were great.
If you're wandering in the area and hungry for a bite, I think this is a good choice.
I would come for the burger and to catch a game but it was pretty crowded that day.
If you don't mind a crowd, then it's a good choice.

This place was pretty cool.
What I liked most was the atmosphere.
Completely open to the strip.
It was a little expensive but great appetizers and beer.
The nachos were delicious.
Walked by later on and a girl was dancing on the bar.
Missed that show for my meal.

If you are looking for a cool place to watch the games on the strip that has great cocktails and really good food, this is it!
I love the fact that whether you are seated inside or outside you still have a pretty good  view of all the TV's and you don't feel like you are missing anything.
The service is really good and the servers are pretty attentive.
I have been there 3 times and will definitely be back.
I you happen to go you must have the corn dogs, deviled eggs, wings and nachos!

I heard about the recent opening of this restaurant in front of Monte Carlo.
We went last Saturday for dinner with hubby.
It's southern style with lots of TV's everywhere.
Very open space between the patio to inside dining.
The staff are nice.
We had a nice waiter, Kevin and suggested some tasty drinks, kiwi something and double barrel drink.
Both drinks were very refreshing in a small mason jars.
The drinks are kinda pricey $14 each and it's nothing new in Vegas,  Next we ordered wings $14 and it taste like honey sweets.
I wished it was fried all well.
Then we ordered catfish sandwiched in texas bread $16 and country fried steak $22.
My sandwich had a nice spicy kick and huge.
My husband's country fried steak looks good and huge with tasty mash potatoes.
Kevin is good on refills and other staff are good at picking up the empty plates.
We also ate a dessert double fried smores $8 and it looked good.
If you need to wash your hands, its a communal sink with each sexes have their own toliets.
I wish the ladies would gabble in the toilet not at the sink.
That was annoying.
Otherwise I had a nice experience there.
Kinda pricey and easy spend over $100 and they accept Mlife card to get points.

It's a great venue to catch live sports or even live entertainment.
Open spacing, with bars that open out to the strip.
It's perfect for people watching due to ample patio seating.
It's your American fare cuisine with a twist on bar food.
All the meat items such as the wings, meatloaf, pork are sautéed in a barbecue sauce base.
It definitely adds a hint of sweetness to the taste of foods especially if it's fried.
They have happy hour and great cocktails, the spiked tea is a must try because it's presented in mason jar.
Also, the lemon merengue dessert is a standout item!
Did I mention they serve Badoit, I was pretty impressed :-).

Great place to watch the game and love music.
Nachos were gross - too sweet!
Sweet nachos?

You comped us 2 dinners out of 6.
You forgot 2 drinks out 6.
Your busboys were very good but your waiter was in the weeds.
Wanted it to be better.

We went in because someone was handing out 2 for 1 drink cards on The Strip.
I wish I would have paid full price somewhere else.
They put the normal amount of alcohol but split it between two drinks.
Not to mention the service was awful.
Not busy, but I had to walk up to someone to get the check after waiting for 15 minutes trying to make eye contact with someone...anyone.
There are plenty of places on The Strip, stay away from this one.

I really wanted this place to be amazing, and I'll tell you the food looked amazing it just didn't taste as good.
We came here for dinner and drinks and had a nice waiter who must have had a few too many customers to handle, we waited about 20 minutes to get the drinks we ordered.
While we waited though we had some great conversation and enjoyed looking around the bar and people watching.
We ended up ordering some beers and we were really thrilled that they had Stiegl Grapefruit Radlers here- it's a fantastic beer for the hot Vegas weather.
While the drinks were great, we ended up ordering the barrel fried chicken to share after we saw the really cool barrel serving tray they use to display the meal.
The chicken came out and smelled amazing, unfortunately it ended up being more breading and fat than chicken.
The fries and biscuits were great, but we ended up avoiding the chicken.
I want to say I'd give this restaurant another try, but with so many options in Vegas I think I'll pass, unless I want another refreshing radler.

Really wanted to love this place but it just didn't happen.
Great decor and wonderful location.
Got a seat right up front which was great for people viewing which we did a lot of while we wanted an overly long time for our meal.
Drinks were ok.
Mine was wrong.
Fried chicken was not good.
Far too much breading on tiny pieces of chicken.
The chicken was served in a GIANT contraption that totally blocked the view of our dinner companions sitting across from us.
When we were done no one bother to clear our plates or take the behemoth serving sculpture away.
When I asked for it to be removed, the waitress just looked at me, smiled and said I wish I could, and walked off.
Luckily Hodor later came to pick it up.
He had made regular appearances throughout the night to spill water and food on us every single time he came to the table.
What a shame.
Far too many other great places to eat to try this one again.
However, if you are determined to give it a try, do it quick - I can't see this place being around for too long.

I haven't eaten here so cannot attest to their food quality but this place is fun for a bar stop along the strip.
Been here twice and had fun.
Both times the DJ's were pretty good and kept the party going.
They have go go dancers handing out shots for tips and dancing on the bar tops.
Drinks are standard...I think $11 for a vodka soda.
Not weak.
The second time we went there was the absolutely obnoxious girl MC'ing, if that's what you can call it.
Talking about virgins and circle jerking?
Um, I get that this is Vegas but she was just weird....like our WHOLE group, all 7 of us, desperately wanted her to shut up.
My advice Double Barrel?
Get rid of the annoying girl that never stops talking, keep your DJ's and go go dancers and we'll be back.

Best nachos ive ever had fully loaded and stuffed mushrooms to die for.
Lettuce wraps are Fab too dont have a bad word to say about this place

It looked like a cool spot for drinks n appetizers.
I'm all about customer service and this place was horrible.
They seemed so unorganized and our original waiter never came back to take our order.
The current server was nice so I appreciated that.

Service was extremely slow.
It was 20 minutes before our drinks order was taken.
Drinks were very slow to arrive too.
Meals arrived and my sliders were cold.
No water was available on the table.
Overall, quite disappointing.
Upside - location was good.

Came in on a coupon which read buy one cocktail get one free of equal or lesser value!
My friend and I were stoked!
We sit down in the bar area and the host quickly tells us we can't sit there because we aren't ordering food.
Okay fine whatever so we order some nachos.
Literally didn't see the server after that for about 25 minutes and it looked like she was he only server for the ENTIRE place.
People were getting up and leaving because they never saw a service.
We theeeeeen order our second drink and she tells is she can't give is the same drink for free...it can only be a beer or a regular well drink.
I'm confused...it says buy one get one free and I correct??
Odd.
The only reason for the two stars is because the nachos were amazing!
Good job kitchen...shit front of the house

To start, I don't know how the service somewhere can get much worse unless they spit in your food, tell you about it, and tell you to eff off.
We ordered 2 grilled cheese sandwiches in an attempt to have a "quick meal" before hitting the pool.
We chose this spot on the advice of the MGM concierge, our main criteria being somewhere in walking distance that is "outside with strip view.
" That pretty much explains the best attribute of the Double Barrel Roadhouse in 4 words.
After 30 minutes, we inquired into the existence of our grilled cheeses.
I am positive this is when our order first made it to the kitchen.
Another 15 minutes later, we had to walk inside to complain about waiting 45 minutes for a grilled cheese.
20 minutes later, still no grilled cheese.
You would think they would make it a priority after MULTIPLE complaints.
The place was more than half empty.
After speaking with the manager, I explained as politely as possible that it's just 4 pieces of bread and cheese with some avocado and bacon inside and not duck a l'Orange.
Following such a complaint, it should have been made within 10 minutes.
Over an hour after our arrival, and after watching the table next to us sit, order, eat, pay, and leave, we had our sandwiches.
I am adding the 2nd star because they actually tasted really good, despite being VERY heavy, and because the manager comped our meal, which included 2 beers.
Of course they also got our bill completely wrong, which added to their reasons for comping our meal.
The manager claimed he "doesn't know what went wrong" with the hour plus wait for our simple meal.
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.
When this place closes down soon, I will definitely "know what went wrong" with it.

Gave this place a try.
I had a coupon for buy any cocktail of your choice get 1 free.
No exclusions listed.
However, I quickly learned from the bitchy bartender that the specialty cocktails were excluded.
We ordered bloody marys and they were awful!
Tasted like I was drinking bbq sauce with a shot of vodka.
Gross.
Hated the vibe.
Rude service.
I wanted to like this place since I stay at the Monte Carlo frequently,  but I predict this place will either close soon or only have the Bud light crowd from the Midwest.
I had another coupon and gave it away.
A free drink wouldn't keep me at the bar, and I'm a drinker.
The bloody mary was so bad, I cannot imagine the food.
Dont waste your time or money.
Btw, who has a bloody mary specialty and then opens at 11:30?
Lame.

