U love spicy food and chciken...u gonna love this spot...

Never thought to get fried chicken korean style!
Bomb!
A must have is the chicken with the Korean sauce on it.

Now you can have the best korean style chicken in vegas!
This place has real good food not only chicken but also delicious dessert!

This chicken place is the bomb!
The original sauce is great and the hot sauce was good too.
The chicken wing batter was nicely seasoned and cooked well.

I'll keep this short and to the point.
I just had bad turkey a few days ago = food poisoning.
Came here out of curiosity since I was in the area.
I looked at the menu...and saw raw chicken sitting on the counter.
GROSS!
I don't need another bout of food poisoning so I left.
Obviously, the 5-star reviews here are fake.
Hide your kids!

Love this place!
Been waiting for a Korean chicken restaurant to come to vegas!
Well worth the wait.

I ordered Chicken Katsu from Han's Chicken Saturday evening.
My family ordered from another establishment a couple minutes before.
Their food arrived and was consumed.
They were done for almost 10 minutes before my food even came out.
While waiting, I saw a tank top wearing dishwasher spending a lot of time in the Han's Chicken kitchen, there is no way this is sanitary.
My food finally came out... what a disappointment.
First of all, I requested no cabbage salad with the meal.
I specifically asked for chicken and rice, only.
They couldn't even get that simple request handled.
Next, I ordered Chicken katsu.
Katsu sauce is a ketchup based sauce.
I received fried chicken with brown gravy.
Their menu states a special sauce, not a gravy.
If they gave clear descriptions of what the food offerings are, I could have saved $10 and not ordered food.
The gravy is funky tasting and was not appetizing.
Won't be eating there again, unless I feel adventurous and try one of their pizzas.

I was at the Greenland foodcourt and wanted to try all the spots here since they're all new vendors.
I figured I'd start on the right most, and just work my way stall by stall.
Now I'm glad I didn't read the reviews before eating or I may have skipped it.
I got the Korean chicken nugget meal with green onion which comes with miso soup, cabbage salad, white radish, rice.
It was a pretty good portion, more than enough.
The chicken was crispy and didn't get soggy with the sauce, even when I took it home.
I chose the soy garlic sauce and it's like kalbi or hawaii soy glaze which was decent, but needed more garlic flavor.
There were chunks of sweet potato mixed into the chicken nuggets as well and green onion on the side.
It didn't say anywhere it's garnished with sesame seeds and crushed peanuts so if you have a allergy to nuts, you may want to tell them.The white radish was fine, miso is standard, cabbage was fine but they put thousand island which is sort've sweet and I didn't like.
It took a while to get my food, but I guess I rather it be fresh and made to order than refried frozen nuggets.
I would probably eat here again but stick with these nuggets or wings.

Not very spectacular.
Basically just another place to get a bite.
Located in the food court at Greenland (AKA 'Koreatown'), Han's Chicken is a little restaurant serving Korean & Asian fare.
We were just done shopping and were hungry for some dinner but too lazy to think about where to go, we just plopped ourselves down at the food court and decided from there.
Reason we went with Han's Chicken was because of their daily special.
That day they had an actual 'Loco Moco' on deal for $6.95.
Really?
Han's serving some Hawaiian delicacies?
Reluctant to try, I gave in cause the price was right.
The other daily special was Curry Rice with vegetables for $6.95 as well.
We got an order of this too.
After a 15 minute wait our entrees arrived to our table.
Eh...not too special looking.
In fact, on their big, pretty plates our food looked like small portions.
Lots of empty space with our dishes.
Each entrée came with a tiny bowl of 'salad' (basically cut up iceberg lettuce, cabbage and carrots) topped with a light 1000-Island-ish dressing.
This was ok, similar to something you get in a fancy sushi restaurant when you get a side salad.
Han's Loco Moco was pretty similar to what you see at other local Hawaii joints that serve the same dish.
Hamburger patty, topped with a fried egg, covered in gravy, accompanied with white Calrose rice.
Han's hamburger patty I'm pretty sure was the pre-shaped kind you buy from the warehouse store in bulk, but it was pretty big, about a 1/2 pound I think.
But it was overcooked.
The patty wasn't pink in the middle at all, lending to it being on the dry side.
My fried egg was overcooked as well!
Big no-no.
The egg should still be yolky in the middle so when you break it the egg oozes over your hamburger patty and mixes with the gravy to make a good sauce!
Cooked yolk in the middle makes me a sad camper.
The gravy was probably the powdered kind, little to leave in flavor and substance.
Pretty bland and not much of it.
The little mushrooms looked almost like garnish.
This Loco Moco needed some help, but it was eaten by us anyway since we were hungry.
The Curry Rice wasn't much better.
Basically a big plate, a thin layer of curry with vegetables, topped with a bowl of rice.
The curry wasn't the greatest, not full of deep all-day simmering flavor.
It was likely from the box, as it was on the salty side.
The veggies in it didn't add much to the party, mostly some cut up carrots, celery, and potatoes.
But damn, there were a crapload of onion pieces!
Big chunks of onion.
Now I love onions, but the curry was just swimming with them.
For having no meat in this curry, the onions were overwhelming.
Not my favorite.
Overall a disappointing meal.
I think if we do have Han's Chicken again we will go for their specialty, chicken...and possibly their signature Korean Chicken Wings.
Should have done it this time around!
Lesson learned.

