Had the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen (pork + soy sauce broth).
The food arrived quickly, and the portion size was just right (not too big, not too small).
The decor is minimal, but tasteful.
Kenzo focuses on just the Ramen and does it well.

If you're looking for fairly decent ramen in the Waterloo region, this is the place.
The ramen offered at Watami Sushi Bar pales greatly in comparison to that of which is at Kenzo, but that's to be expected considering that Kenzo is primarily a ramen shop.
The waits are long on weekday afternoons due to the lunch hour rush of university students, so it is best to visit there outside of those hours.
The staff are kind and respectful, however during the rush hour, it is quite slow.
In terms of decor, the restaurant is well-lit and quite clean.
But of course, the ramen is the star of the show.
I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen, which was $10.95 not including tax.
Overall, it was a decent bowl, but still requires improvement if you are used to that which is offered in Toronto or Vancouver.
The pork has a good distribution of fat and meat, which was not tough at all.
I think that the noodles could be a bit springier, but that's of my own preference.
The egg was disappointing; instead of a yellow and slightly runny consistency, it moreso resembled a hard boiled egg.
The stock was fairly good; nice and creamy.
The bok-choy is a standard offering at Kenzo stands, which was well cooked, but did not really complement the other flavours.
Portion-wise, it's a bit small for almost $11.
All in all, my experience was decent.
Going outside of the lunch hour should improve the service however.
While the ramen isn't amazing, the option of having ramen in Waterloo is still far better than none at all.

New place, long wait, what else is new.
If you are from Toronto, you would be used to lining up for ramen places though (but never really quite sure why...)  The ramen is standard kenzo, so noodle is a bit chewy.
What I liked was that the stock wasn't too salty.
Not sure if portion is too small or price is too high (again standard kenzo so not really directed to this particular restaurant).
The takoyaki was quite okay, a satisfying snack eat to end the meal on a good note.
I would say this is a welcome addition to the plaza landscape, may be tempted to visit again on cold winter days.

Kenzo Ramen serves an excellent bowl of ramen!
Glad to see some quality food return to the plaza.
Definitely recommend going early before the line forms!
Didn't feel full after eating a Shoyu Ramen and it's quite pricey.
Wish service could be better, one of the server wasn't very well-versed in the difference between the bowls.
Only one credit card machine, so it takes a while if you're the third table waiting for the credit card machine...

Probably the best ramen restaurant in the University of Waterloo plaza.
It is not as good as the Kenzo Ramen restaurant in downtown Toronto, lacks flavour.
The price is high for the quality.
You cannot wait in line inside of the restaurant, therefore you have to wait outside because there is usually a line of 5 of more people waiting.
(Not comfortable in the winter).
The credit/debit card machine does not work.
Service was fast.
The restaurant appeared to be run by Koreans rather than Japanese people.
So its not legit ramen.
Will probably not go often, I would rather have ramen in Toronto, where the quality justifies the price.

The food is decent compares to the ones in Toronto.
Our waiter was extremely slow and unprofessional!
I saw him adding the dry tako flakes on my Yaki soba with bare hands :( I have seen him touching the bills and other stuff before serving my dish.
Please, at least use tongs!
I will still come to this place for the food, but their service needs improvement :/

Only ramen place in the University of Waterloo.
their ramen is a bit expensive but their takoyaki was definitely overpriced.
I had the shoyu ramen and I enjoyed the taste.
I liked their takoyaki but I personally dont think it was worth the price.
I didnt like going in the winter time because some tables were right beside the door and a lot of cold air would go through.

Ramen is so salty and filled with MSG.
Makes me want to drink a whole glass of water after eating here.
It is expensive too, and i really do not understand why they only give you half an egg in your order.

