Wow, this location is finally open after waiting for seemed like forever.
Same old good dishes served on the other locations like Rick's Adobo fied Rice, Kahlua Pig Benedict and especially the Red Velvet Pancakes.
They are still trying to operate as normal as possible but still the service is still good.

I was told by a buddy, and fellow Yelper, Baby Stacks was the bomb and couldn't wait for the Centennial location to open so I could give it a whirl.
We slipped in on a Sunday morning about 9:00am and were promptly greeted by smiling personnel, but were told it would be a few minutes.
Although it was relatively busy, about half of the tables were empty.
We were finally seated and were made to wait for beverage orders and then again made to wait before giving our breakfast order.
The party seated after us and seated right next to us was taken care of first.
I opted for the Chicken Fried Steak, which is listed as Country Fried Steak on the menu.
It comes with eggs, like you would expect, but you can opt for garlic rice instead of potatoes.
What?
Garlic with breakfast?
OMG!
Awesome!
The meat was cooked to perfection and the breading was fantastic.
I would rank this among some of the best CFS in Vegas.
I ordered the eggs over-easy and they were a little on the runny side, so keep that in mind when ordering your huevos.
My meal came with a choice of bread, which included buttermilk pancakes, or an upgrade to any speciality pancake.
I chose the bacon pancake.
Bacon baked right in.
Everything is better with bacon, right?
The Mrs. opted for the red velvet pancakes with the cream cheese syrup.
Wow!
It was like dessert for breakfast.
I am sure there are healthier choices on the menu, but if you are going to do it, you might as well do it up right.
The food definitely lived up to the hype.
The service, not so much.
We'll just chaulk it up to working out the kinks during the first week.
I will definitely be back and can't wait to see the looks on the faces of the Breakfast Club when they bite into the specialty pancake of their choosing.

Strengths:  The ambience is very cheerful.
It feels like it's always spring in there, even if it were the dead of winter.
The space is plentiful and well decorated.
The TVs are a nice touch.
It's clean and has an overall pleasant atmosphere.
The food was delicious, living up to the expectations set by the other two locations.
The bacon was thick and crispy.
The garlic fried rice was an excellent complement.
The hazelnut pancakes had a well-balanced flavor, and will be a hit for Nutella fans.
Area of opportunity:  The food came out a little late, so there needs to be some fine tuning with the process.

Long wait, people who were seated after my table recieved their food well before my table.
Very unorganized and cluttered.
Wouldn't recommend this place.
But if you do go avoid the weekends.

Really pretty good coffee and the choices of pancakes was silly.
Great family brunch today.
The single nutella crepe was awesome.

Great service, friendly staff.
My coffee and water were always full and my omelette and short stack were yummy.

This place is still the best breakfast place in Vegas!
I love that the new location is in centennial and it's HUGE!!!!!!
Like wayyyy bigger than the first two locations.
They're still working out the kinks as it is a larger store.
They've got a new special, COOKIE BUTTER FRENCH TOAST!!!!
It's the new craze that everyone's been drooling over!
It tastes amazing and it's such a huge portion that I can't even finish it!
The cookie butter is sandwiched between the toast, topped with their homemade whipped cream and pie crust crumbles!!
' Are you drooling yet kuz I am.
They got banana foster pancakes, I was hesitant to try them because I didn't want anything too sweet but wow it's amazing, it was the perfect amount of bananas, caramel and whipped cream!
Service is wonderful as ever, very attentive servers.
The hosts are friendly and welcoming!
Thank you Babystacks for opening up in centennial!
I can't wait to come back!

By far thee best breakfast cafe in Vegas.
Prices are reasonable, atmosphere is friendly, and the service is great.
Love, love the different variety of pancakes and the Nutella crepes is my favorite.
The portions are always more than enough.
Recommending this place to everyone!!!

Love this place!!
So glad to have one closer to home, went there this morning for breakfast.
Service was fast and as always great.
I had the piglet skillet and upgraded to the red velvet pancakes (which are to die for).
Will definitely be returning!

I just want to start by saying I love babystacks cafe!
Their red velvet pancakes are out of this world!
I was so excited for the centennial location to open, but what a disappointment:-(.
I understand being overwhelmed but making people wait for 30-40 minutes on a Sunday at 12, when not even half of the restaurant had people seated was crazy.
At one point there were more employees in there than customers, and they just could not get it together.
There were at least 6 people standing at the food pass window.
And when we witnessed a girl pick food up off the counter (with no gloves on) and put it back on the plate, I really thought I was gonna be sick.
My advice, if your not staffed, and properly trained, then don't open.
And clearly they were not ready.
I can't promise I will or won't go back.
My favorite is the smoke ranch location, so I may just keep driving there, or I will go back to the cracked egg.

OMG that was the best French toast I have ever had.
We need one of these in Tucson.
They put the whip cream on the side which was good.
Service is great.
Everyone helps each other out.
My coffee was never empty.
All drinks were filled all the time.
My grandson got the pumpkin pancakes they were wonderful.
The bacon is great.
We will make this a regular place every time we are in Las Vegas.

Stopped by today for lunch as we saw this new location.
The restaurant was not too busy and the layout is fine.
The waitress was friendly, but scarce at times.
The ranchero omelet was great with nice green salsa.
My wife really enjoyed the carrot cake pancakes.
Overall:  very good.

What do you do when you are waiting for a table for two and there are 5 tables of 2 and 3 tables of 4 empty?
Well, the explanation was the kitchen was backed up.
Not good enough.
They still could have seated you and gave you coffee, especially to the customers who were standing.
I left, so I can't rate the food.

I heard this location was opening up a few months ago and was pretty excited since it's right around the corner from us.
We've been to one of the other locations in the past and liked it a lot.
Naturally since it's a new spot they were really busy...but they have a lot to work on.
It looks like they run specials on the whiteboard up front which is cool.
I decided on the cookie butter french toast and my wife had the biscuits and gravy.
The french toast was decent but there was a lot of egg leftover on the sides of the bread and they basically just threw a huge scoop of cookie butter on top.
It wasn't anything special and I can't say I'd order it again.
My wife's biscuits and gravy was really good at the other location but at this one it didn't even come close.
The biscuits were dry and the gravy was super plain, almost flavorless.
The whole experience just wasn't what we expected since we liked the other one so much.
While the service was ok, not everyone was friendly and they seemed to be understaffed.
We walked in and had to wait almost 45 minutes but at least 10 tables were open.
They must have turned away 5 or more parties because of the long wait times.
We'll be back in a few months to see what's happening but if you're a fan, I'd stay away from this location for a bit.

Had this place a couple of days ago, I saw it one night leaving smiths and decided to look at the food pictures on here (lol)... And my family just HAD to go, especially that it's right around the corner.
My mom and her husband had omelets and buttermilk pancakes ...
I on the other hand had the Huntington skillet with hazelnut pancakes and THEY WERE SO GOOD!
Will def go back every time I visit my parents.
I want to try everything!

Loved the food loved the portions..they were so accommodating to our large group.
The customer service was terrific, I just wish it was closer to my home!

Your best bet here is to get a skillet and upgrade the basic pancakes to the red velvet pancakes.
I typically order the ranchero skillet, and share the cookie batter French toast with my wife.
Let me tell you, you MUST order the cookie batter French toast.
It is awesome, and don't let the "cookie batter" in the name deter you.
Just get it!

One star because my meal rocked.
I had the Hawaiian sliders.
The wait was 30 min at 10:15 am.
We waited 10 min at our table before we received water and coffee.
We then had to ask 4 times for coffee refills which took about 10 minutes each time to get.
That's another 40 min.
I don't want to EVER have to ask.
"Our" waiter never actually refilled it.
Mikey was too busy.
Another female waitress overheard us complaining and she refilled it once.
One of the meals that came out was cold.
I mean cold...
The cheese wasn't even trying to melt.
It was not good.
We sent it back with little apology from our "waiter.
"  I had to ask for a coke refill.
Again why am I having to do this?
We then asked for butter for the pancakes.
I swear to you 7 minutes passes and he comes back and says, "oh I forgot the butter, do you still want it?
" No.
No.
No.
Screw this we are done.
As we paid and the young man asked if it was ok and we said no it was actually a bad experience for our first time there.
He simply took our money and  never looked up.
That's crap in my opinion.
You just lost a potential customer for the duration of our vegas living.
The "manager" looked just as lost as the rest if the staff while she was taking names to be seated and not back running the kitchen and doing quality assurance checks.
What a crock.
I chose not to say anything to her because I felt like that was a moot point as well.
On a side note there is only one restroom for the males and one for the females.
We used the men's once because it stupid to stand in line that long for the women's.
This place is huge and it's not equipped to handle the volume.

Slow service, but the food is ok.
Nothing to write home about though.
The seasoned potatoes are better than other breakfast places in town.

Been to all 3 places multiple times.
Rice always mushy.
Mac salad no taste.
Pancakes awesome!

Everyone knows no matter how awsome the food is, service is what makes or breaks a business.
Ummm, everyone except Babystacks Cafe that is.
Yes, the food is great.
Had the honey toast (french toast), which was proportioned just right.
Expect to wait, wait, wait....and wait for every aspect of dining out.
Seating, beverage service, ordering to receiving your meal is Extremely frustrating!
especially when the staff seems so uninterested in providing even bare minimum service.
Where do they get these servers?
Im sure they are friends or relatives of the owner who probably think no matter how awful a job they do, they won't lose their job.
It's a real shame, since the food is great....

Great pancakes.The downside is that their traditional egg breakfasts are really sub par.
Also a bit pricey for breakfast.

Pancakes are amazing!
But the omelets are sooooo food!
Wish they were open later then 2:00 pm

I will never eat here again.
I got corn beef and hashand it was like eating cat food.
My friends toast came out burnt and 20 minutes after we ordered.
The butter on the toast was just a squeeze butter.
The chicken fried steak was absolutely horrible.
It was just bread.
Then to top it off as we were checking out the hostess didn't understand the fact that I wanted to do half cash half card.
She just charged it's all on to my card.
Every one was VERY disorganized.
I've heard some great things about this place.
But my experience was very shitty.
I will not be returning.

Love this place!
Everyone raves about the red velvet pancakes but I find them somewhat bland.
If you want an amazing pancake, try the cinnobun or my current favorite, the orange creamsicle!
Orange flavored pancakes served with an orange drizzle, whipped cream and a cream cheese frosting/syrup.
If you're not a complete sweet tooth like me, try the lemon ricotta cakes, they are huge and amazing!
The team here is very friendly and helpful too!

They red velvet pancakes!
That says it all- when friends come to visit they get a kick out of the menu selections of pancakes!

I've eaten at their other location on Smoke Ranch, it was fine.
This place was so disorganized it's hard to believe they're still in business!
We were the only customers in the place, it took 10 minutes to get a water, milk and tea.
We ordered 2 hamburgers and one breakfast.
One hamburger and the breakfast came out, it took about 8 minutes to get the second burger, which was very mediocre.
.???
What's going on in their kitchen?
Later in the day, I got sick from the food.
Cross contamination is my guess.
Go elsewhere.
This place does not have their act together.

This Babystacks location is really good for a private breakfast or one-on-one talk in the morning because not a ton of people really go here!
Probably because it's just way too far from everyone else!
Inside, it was clean, warm&inviting.
There was really chill music playing; the atmosphere just gets you in a mood to relax.
Customer service wasn't bad for us, there was no one in there and they sat us down right away and gave us menus.
They were a little bit slow walking around, but it wasn't a big deal.
Plus, any time I needed something, I made a point to wave to them and they would make their way over!
They were all super friendly :D   The food was pretty good, I had the Cookie Butter French Toast.
That was absolutely delicious.
It was warm, crunchy and perfect.
Next time I should bring a banana on the side because it seems like it would go well with it.
However, it was super sweet, so if you're eating it, you gotta have a sweet tooth, my friend!!
My friend told me to order a side of the Red Velvet Pancakes, and I have to say that I'm really disappointed in them.
To me, they don't taste like red velvet and the 'cream cheese' is odd tasting.
Maybe I'll order at another location to see if it tastes different, but it was just a really big letdown for it being a famous item.
It was a fun, cheap, and relaxing experience to eat here and I will probably visit again!

Service is spotty but food is really good.
I've like everything I've tried.
Always a wait to get a table but I only go on the weekend so I expect that.

The food is amazing but when it comes to seating it's ridiculous.
They're so precise about all of your party being here I couldn't believe it.
It's so inconvenient.
I only had one person missing because she was parking and the lady almost didn't want to sit us.
Terrible.

Me and a couple coworkers came here after a busy graveyard shift.
Our server Miley was amazing.
They had a special pancakes called cookies and cream that were delicious.
The banana cream pie pancakes just as delicious.
They carrot cake pancakes were like eating a fluffy piece of carrot cake.
There was 7 of us and only a short stack of pancakes make it out of that place.
I will be back here

The food is good, service is friendly, prices are excellent and portions are decent.
They messed up on one of our orders but got us potatoes while we waited and didn't charge us for it.
It was great and we will def be back but it doesn't beat the cracked egg.

This place is amazing.
Yes, its full, but its worth it.
The food is delicious, clean and nice place.
Cant wait to come here again.
Red velvet pancakes are the best.

Never been disappointed!
Service is sometimes slow only because they're always so busy but they're friendly so to me it doesn't matter!
Food is fantastic especially the Nutella pancakes!!
Yum!

This Babystacks was pretty busy but still didn't make me wait THAT long.
The server my party had was nice,  very welcoming, and most of all very open to sharing her opinions with us.
Their specialty pancakes are for the most part amazing.
I personally love their red velvet pancakes.
The cream cheese icing they have on the side acts as a syrup.
I feel that it compliments the red velvet pancakes so much more than regular maple syrup ever could.
The Portuguese sausage was fair at best.
It was a little undercooked but that's my only complaint.
All in all I would love to go back.

I preface this review by stating that my main complaint, and the reason I shall never return to this business is based on one policy (well and other than the pancakes I find there food to be underwhelming).
Babystacks, at all locations, has a policy that they will not seat any customer until their entire party arrives.
Under certain circumstances I could possibly understand this but I was so appalled by my experience this weekend and their response that I just can't go back there.
So the first time this happened to me was approximately two years ago at the Rampart location.
I was meeting a friend there for lunch, they were busy, there was just two of us.
She was literally about five minutes away.
I went up to the counter and they refused to seat me until she arrived I was told "we don't seat large parties until every one is here" to which I stated "two people is a large party?".
By the time she arrived there was a wait, although there wouldn't have been had they let me be seated.
But we waited and ate there.
Two years pass... till now, I admit I went back once about a year and half ago since then  friends wanted to go there.
Last Friday I went there to meet a friend and her daughter who is 18 mo.
old.
It was about 10:00.
There were a couple of people in the restaurant but it was not busy by any means and practically the whole place was empty.
When I got there my friend was waiting, with her 18 mo old in hand.
She didn't have to say anything to me I knew why they handn't seated her but I inquired of the host nontheless and was told we don't seat parties until everyone has arrived.
Bad business policy, no one in the restaurant, you have a mother with a toddler (who anyone with kids nows is hard to do in a restaurant in the first place) and they are not busy by any means.
I complained and the host asked if I wanted to talk to the manager, I said yes and this other female walked over.
I thought she seemed pretty young to be a manager, maybe around 20 but it could happen so I proceed to tell  her I thought that was poor service.
Only to find out (after I finished talking to her for about five minutes) that she wasn't the manager either and the entire time she was smirking without apology which again just made me more livid.
By the time I finished talking to her and was told she wasn't the manager I was just too disgusted and tired to discuss this yet a third time with a party.
In my opinion they should have a little common sense, if there is no one in the restaurant and it is unlikely there will be a rush of people i.e.
it's not a weekend morning then why upset your customers by making them wait.
So what if I went in and said it was a party of one - was seated right away and then hey I "run into" a friend who wants to sit with me - what then.
This won't happen as I am not going back.
Okay enough of my rant - you get the picture.
I will not be returning, nor will my friend who promptly left with me.
As to the food, the pancakes are good, however the rest of the food is just "meh" to me.
They do have fresh brewed tea.
Their potatoes are frozen, I asked and the waiter when I previously dined was refreshingly honest.
So it's not like there is going to be a hole in life by not going back there.
So from there we went over to Lulu's - which leads me to my next review...

My only issue with this place is that it is quite hot in the restaurant and the service was a tad bit slow.
But the food is worth it

I was just going through my check ins and saw I did not review Babystacks!!
This place rocks; I think there is something here for everyone!
Pancakes, real good pancakes, can't wait to eat here again on my next visit to Vegas.
Sorry, it's been a a couple of months since I went here, but, if you are thinking, how good can pancakes really be; wait no longer, get yourself in here and get some.
You will not regret it.

This place always takes so long to seat you, the service is never on point.
If you go, make sure you have a ton of time to wait.
On the up side, that food is actually pretty good, if you have all afternoon to wait for it that is...

So disappointed.....
I think our negative dining experience had more to do with this location's poor management more than anything else.
It's obviously a busy location, but the process for checking in, waiting, being seated, waiting and then waiting even more....was too much.
The icing on the cake....when someone finally asked how things were....as we are paying on the way out.....when we said it wasn't good and for our first time here we were disappointed....the guy taking our money said nothing!
Not even a sorry about that, yeah today was really busy but give us another try, or even let me see if my managers available???
Nothing....  My Yelp recommendation DON'T try this location!

Great breakfast choice, esp in the NW!
Every time I am here, I order a breakfast platter and substitute the specialty pancakes.
IMO, the pancakes are why anyone should come here!
This time, I went with the Spam & Eggs ($8.50): Choice of Potatoes & Pancakes.
Good stuff!
Wish the spam was a bit crispier for my tastes.
I substituted the Cookies & Cream Pancakes: Chocolate Batter with Oreo, Whipped Cream, Icing, Cream Cheese Syrup & more Oreo.
These were delicious!
But I love Oreo...pretty much anything....so I am a little bias :P  Eva tried the Red Velvet Pancakes: Whipped Cream, Chocolate Crumbles & Cream Cheese Syrup.
Good as always...probably one of the reasons why they got famous!
My only complaint about this location is the lack of presentation/love put into the plating.
After all, you eat with your eyes too!
Compare this plate from the Buffalo location to the others below :  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/babystacks-cafe-las-vegas-3?select=AGi8KQcbeiX8Pt9VmEOTDA#AGi8KQcbeiX8Pt9VmEOTDA  But besides that, yummy breakfast food at decent prices.
I'll be back for more :)

I have been to this Babystacks two times now.
I assumed that my first time coming was a fluke and that maybe they were understaffed that day, but today I returned to find exactly the same scenario.
When we (party of 2) arrived, there was only one person at the front counter ringing people out and no host/hostess.
We stood there for about 2 minutes until another patron walked in front of us and signed herself on the sheet.
As she was finishing up, someone else walked up and took our names down.
We asked if the counter was first-come, first-serve or if you also had to wait for that.
The host told us he had to ask the other parties on the list wanted the seats or not first.
He never asked anyone and the seats remained empty, along with several other empty 2-person tables.
About 10 minutes into our wait, a group of 3 guys came in and sat themselves at the counter.
Nobody stopped them or even glanced their way.
When we finally got seated, they seated us and the party before us, which was also a group of 2, in two separate 4-seater tables.
There were at least two smaller tables on the other side of the restaurant, and I am certain they were already cleaned, because we watched them clean them.
Why seat us in the bigger tables and perpetuate the incredibly long wait this place always seems to have?
The only saving grace of this place is the quality of the food.
It is very good.
If it wasn't, nobody would wait as long as you have to at this place.
However, they need to make some serious changes to the way they send out orders.
When we finally got our food, about 20 minutes after we ordered, neither of our sides were included.
They were going to be a few extra minutes.
After we had both completed our main breakfast, still no sides.
I got chocolate chip pancakes (which are just chocolate chips on TOP of pancakes, by the way) and the other person got toast.
When they finally came out, the toast had definitely been sitting out.
The first time I came, the situation was exactly the same, but the waiter had apologized and said the kitchen was behind.
Understandable, but apparently their kitchen is ALWAYS behind.
They seem to need more staff.
All the while, I never got a refill.
The table behind us was seated after us, had their order taken before us, had paid, left, and been reseated well before we were able to leave.
This location really needs to learn how to manage their volume.
It's never NOT busy.
They need to staff accordingly.
Speaking of staff, everyone is very friendly and nice, but it's not enough to make me want to go back when there's Rachel's Kitchen in the same parking lot and a plethora of other breakfast joints just 5 minutes away.

Took the little one a few times to get the French Toast.
Great staff and quick food.
The french fries are awesome with that seasoning they use.

I have been anticipating to eat breakfast at this place but after having some HAIR strands on my eggs, it just ruined my appetite and my experience.
I will never go here ever again or any of their other establishments.
Me and the wife just stood up with disgust facial expressions and excused ourselves, my wife felt bad because she can see that I was really disappointed....

We seem to be the breakfast neighborhood as we have plenty of breakfast/brunch options within a 5 mile radius.
This is one of the newest in the neighborhood and the 3rd location for Babystacks.
I got the adobo fried rice omelette- The adobo had good flavor and the omelette was fluffy and cooked right.
You get a choice of side (mac salad, potatoes, pancakes) and I chose the macaroni which was fairly standard and decent.
Lemon ricotta pancakes- this I think is my favorite on their regular pancake menu.
Its a bit different since these are thin pancakes, like German style pancakes.
I like it because its a good amount of sweet and the light tang from a squeeze of fresh lemon on it is nice.
If you like those Dutch Babys this is the pancake cousin.
Service was decent enough, but nothing standout.
We had our drinks refilled and were checked on.
I hope that the quality of the food stays at this one as I feel the original location has slipped a bit in my last 3 visits.
I'm glad to have another option in our hood.

I tried both the original place and this one, Got the Mexican Skillet, the pork was kind of dry but with all the extra salsa and sour cream it help it a bit.
I would come back though, it was good.
It was my first time being here since I don't live in Vegas, but it reminds me of a breakfast joint in California.

So annoyed.
Called today at 11:48 to order take out and "Julie" said they can't take to go orders because they are too busy.
I don't understand why they can't take an order and if their kitchen is open.
I didn't even mind waiting.
Perhaps they need to change their info and state they don't do take out orders.

The red velvet pancakes were great.
I went at 1030 and it was a 30 min wait for the table.
They only give you a lil cup of syrup and if you run out its .75 for more.

Food is so delicious!
-Cookie and Cream Pancakes are amazing!
-Also tried the Kalua Pig Benedict and that was very tasty.
-Adobo fried rice was good (per husband) -Service was mediocre, our server messed up our bill because it was split.
-Didn't bring out the kid's meals first and my youngest got his meal last.

I am never disappointed with this place.
The food is always amazing and the service was very good.
This definitely is my new favorite breakfast place.
I've ordered different stuff every time and it's always very tasty !
No complaints.
My favorites are the sweet cream crepes with strawberries and their skillets.

Get on the list and shop for 20 min in the strip mall on sat and Sundays.
After 130pm it slows down.
They have a great Hawaiin vibe, with Asian backround, so its so good!
Kalua Pork benedict is to die for, the pancakes are ridiculous and amazing creations.
5 star breakfast, always a wait on weekends!
5 STAR RECOMMENDED!

FYI this location doesn't do Togo orders between 9am and 12pm on Saturday and Sundays.
You can't even go in to order Togo.
So if someone is sick and craving strawberry pancakes...Tuff.
You MUST eat in the restaurant or wait till the afternoon.
WOW.
Babystacks knows customer service.

Never eat there again, first of all we were sat down and they have nothing on the windows so my boyfriend was literally blinded by the sun shining in because of the time of day.
He made sure to ask the server if the corn beef and hash was homemade and he assured him it was.
His food look like it came from a bag or was frozen.
He told the server it wasn't good when he came to ask how everything was he asked my boyfriend what he'd like instead he asked for scrambled eggs and bacon.
When the eggs came out they were not even cooked all the way so he said something and he told the sever he was done and didn't want anything at all, he brought him another set anyways.
My food was ok except for the hash browns they were frozen in the middle, I didn't even bother to say anything because there was no reason at this point.
Quality of the food is nothing special at all could have made 10x better food at home.
We were very excited to try this place but our experience was very disappointing and will not being going back to this location or any other one.
The employees were nice though.

Have never had a bad experience here.
Love the non traditional breakfast items.
Portuguese sausage and garlic rice is awesome!!
My wife had tried a different style pancake each time.
.. She is never disappointed.
Highly recommend this place.!

great breakfast spot, happy its literally across the street from our house.
pros: pancakes are AMAZING!
(except for the blueberry pancakes, they're a joke!
plain pancakes with a few blueberries on top, wtf?!
)  cons: servers are nice yes but service is soooo slow!
i like the decor of the original location, since this one looks cheep but the pancakes are made with love and thats why we keep coming back

Every trip to Vegas includes a trip to Babystacks Cafe.
I just can't get enough of their adobo fried rice and red velvet pancakes.
I was hesitant to try this location because of the reviews but our group was forced to due to much longer waits at the other locations.
I'll admit that the wait for a table was much shorter BUT the wait for our food was much longer than expected.
I won't complain though because the food was just as good and worth every minute we waited.
On this trip, our table decided on our usual dishes: adobo fried rice and red velvet pancakes.
We also decided to try oreo cookie pancakes and a special loco moco dish of the day.
Everything we ordered was a hit!
You definitely can't go wrong by making a pit stop at Babystacks if you're ever in the Vegas area.

Cookie butter French toast is a must.
The Huntington skillet is also a favorite.
I feel that this location is better than the other one, as this one is larger, and the cookie butter French toast is plated better.

This location is less busy than the others and a lot larger.
They always have very friendly and prompt service.
Also the good is delicious!
Very creative pancakes and their seasoned potatoes are yum!

Finally made it to Babystacks on a Saturday morning.
The wait was not as long as you would imagine and it moved pretty fast.
It was definitely busy though.
Tried the Kalua Pig Benedict and my husband tried the Loco Moco.
Everything was delicious and perfectly seasoned.
Also split the Red Velvet Pancakes and they were also worth the wait.
Not as sweet as I had imagined them being and a short stack was perfect for sharing.
Looking forward to them opening their Henderson location.
Will definitely be back and looking forward to trying more dishes on their large menu!

Comparing this to the other two Babystacks...it weighs a little less on the quality side.
I know it's hard for chains to be so consistent, but other chains do succeed...
The main things are -  The food seems to be a bit overcooked.
If you look through a lot of the pictures, especially the pancakes, a lot of them are cooked or even burnt.
What boggles my mind is - why would the cook even serve them?
Then, why would the waiter think those are okay to serve?
Shesh...it's so bizarre to me.
We ordered the carrot cake pancakes and they were overcooked, but still edible.
Yes, we ate them.
I will praise them on one thing, the cheesecake icing is delightful.
On top of that, we had the Mexican Skillet and the Spinach Benedict.
Both were okay.
Biggest thing for both of us were both dishes were very soggy.
Everything, from the potatoes to the english muffin.
It makes it to where the dish is not very enjoyable.
I don't know if they were just sitting in the window for awhile or what.
The service was good - we went in past 12, so it wasn't very busy.
Easy to get a seat and the server was pretty attentive.
To round it up - you have a lot of options to choose for brunch or breakfast in the Centennial area.
If you're feeling a little risky, do try.

This place is horrible!
Let me first say that I have gone to the babystacks on buffalo too many times to count and I love it.
The food was always exceptional, as was the staff.
I didn't like how cramped it was, however, so I was happy when they built this one.
So let me tell you why I despise this location.
The first time my fiancé and I went here he ordered a coffee that had been forgotten for a good 20 minutes so we had to request another and didn't receive so much as an apology.
Then I ordered the Cinnabon pancakes, which I've had many times, without pecans because I am allergic.
The waitress said oh okay no problem.
Guess what came on top of my pancakes?
Yep, you guessed it, pecans!!
So that right there did not make me fall in love.
BUT...I decided to give it another chance.
We went again a few weeks later.
I ordered the cookies and cream pancakes and made sure it didn't come with any nuts.
I was assured it didn't.
When my pancakes came out I saw a stray nut sitting on too of the pancakes...it wasn't exactly hidden folks.
The waiter apologized and took them to get remade.
Let me just let you know that I  am deathly allergic to all nuts; like throat closing, hospital going allergic.
The manager came by to apologize and promise me that my pancakes were being remade and she would supervise.
They finally come out after my fiancé was done with his meal.
I start eating them, and they are pretty darn good, then I just decide to flip my pancake over and what do I see?!?!
Another freaking nut on the bottom of the freaking pancake!!!
Are you kidding me?!
At this point I'm almost in tears.
This is my life, like it's kind of serious.
The waiter kind of laughed and took them away again.
I'm sorry, is the possibility of me becoming seriously ill or even dying funny to you?!
The manager gave me some bs and just kind of danced around it.
I don't really know all I heard was wah wah wah.
I wasn't just some disgruntled customer who didn't like something.
This should have been taken a lot more serious than it was.
Needless to say I will never set foot In this building again.
Their pancakes are pretty freaking good, but not good enough to be my last meal!

Island Fresh meets Vegas Request!
The surprise on my face when I opened the menu and saw some of my favorite dishes available: Portuguese Sausage and eggs and even Spam Eggs and Rice.
With a side order of their delicious Red Velvet Pancakes and CreamCheese Syrup...
The perfect start to my afternoon (considering I have yet to make it there before 1130am).
The environment is moving but not too busy with the constant Hawaiian Reggae tunes playing in the background.
The staff is friendly and helpful and the location is conveniently located to not have to worry about parking.
My only gripe would be the size of the location making for a sometimes unwanted wait time.
Otherwise, great food for a good price!
Update: Had the cookie butter French toast... Amazing!

Good breakfast food.
Was so excited to get a breakfast place in our neighborhood and was happy this place had more seating than the other location.
We typically do our family breakfast thing on the weekend which is always packed so we started doing our orders to go.
Worked great until they stopped taking takeout orders until after 12pm!
Completely ridiculous that a restaurant which is only breakfast fare would limit their hours like that.
I have small kids so it is difficult to take them to crowded places and wait 30 minutes for food.
Guess we will just have to take our business to Mimi's Cafe who hires enough staff to handle their rush periods.

We had a mediocre visit.
On my first visit, the coffee was weak.
It took longer than usual to get our coffee and water.
The banana pancakes did not have a robust flavor.
My husband liked his omelette.
The cafe is loud because it is an open room.
Our experience was just 'meh'.
However, I would go back again to give it another chance.

The food at Babystacks is amazing!
I hear their wait is long, but we go around 12 and it isn't so bad.
Their breakfast burrito is delicious and just the perfect size and let's not forget about their pancakes.
The red velvet and carrot cake pancakes are so yum and the cream cheese syrup makes them even better!
My only complaint is that they bring everyone's food out at different times.
They really should bring it out all at once, so that everyone's food is hot and can be eaten at the same time.

I've been here a few times.
The first time was great.
We did have to wait a while for a table.
After our first visit I can say the service is not the greatest.
You do wait a while for your order to be taken and then sometimes the food is not consistent.
The good is still pretty good though just van be very good or just ok.

The food at Babystacks is amazing!
I hear their wait is long, but we go around 12 and it isn't so bad.
Their breakfast burrito is delicious and just the perfect size and let's not forget about their pancakes.
The red velvet and carrot cake pancakes are so yum and the cream cheese syrup makes them even better!
My only complaint is that they bring everyone's food out at different times.
They really should bring it out all at once, so that everyone's food is hot and can be eaten at the same time.

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(129/365) "Babystacks #3"  Checked out this spot which is in our hood and seems like this location has consistency issues.
Luckily for us, we didn't run into any issues with our orders.
Babystacks is known for having Hawaiian style breakfast items influenced by a well known spot on Oahu, and If I see comfort foods like Adobo Fried Rice Omelette, and Loco Moco, You better believe that's what I'm goin' for!
Our server Mike (who was also one of the managers) was great the whole time, offering suggestions, checking up on us constantly, and even took some time to chat with us and even after our meal, invited us back to try the Cookie Butter French Toast, one of his personal favorites, Which I've already made at home a few times...;)  Wifey ordered the Hawaiian Style Breakfast Sliders with Portuguese sausage, eggs, and cheese on Hawaiian sweet rolls and added on Bacon Pancakes with maple Syrup and I decided to go with the Loco Moco with a side of their popular Red Velvet Pancakes.
They also had a Kalua Pig Benedict which sounded good but when it comes to anything benedict, I just do it up at home, because I have come to the conclusion that no one here knows how to perfectly poach an egg!
(at least in all of my breakfast experiences here)  Wifey enjoyed her sliders and I thought my Loco Moco was pretty good.
Both the Bacon and Red Velvet Pancakes were delicious, But my faves are still Du-Pars and the Sweet Cream Pancakes at 50's Diner.
Wecome to the neighborhood Babystacks!
ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/   \uuu/  4

Having been to all 3 BabyStacks in Las Vegas, I'd say this is a very nice building and location compared to the other two.
Food at the original is still the best, but this location's is of good quality as well.
Great when you just have to have some Red velvet pancakes

No wait and fast service and they are on top of it!
Ordered the biscuits and gravy and the gravy was on the sweet side for me and the biscuits weren't the greatest.
Also got the loco moco and again nothing special.
Maybe we'll try the pancakes next time.

Got to the place around 1015am and it was busy (a good sign).
Walt was only 30 minutes.
Food was out in about 15 minutes and the selection was great.
All in all the food was delicious!

I don't have any complaints about this place, everything was delicious!
Our food was great and so was our server.
I ordered the pineapple pancake special and my daughter had the carrot cakes, both were moist and full of flavor.
My husband ordered the Mexican which we had no complaints about.
The only reason I didn't give a perfect 5 stars is because the wait for the food was a little long and not everything came out at the same time but other than that I would recommend this place and I will be returning.

I love Babystacks.
I've only had one dish here, the Banana Foster, but It was amazing I loved it so much.
I hope this location gets more money invested into it because it has major potential.
The only problem with this place is that it needs a better seating arrangement especially for those big crowds, but altogether the food makes this place.

First off, this location is HUGE compared to the others.
So, you have a good chance of getting in.
But not always.
Wait times here are longer than the others, both for the seats and the food.
Even when there isn't many people inside, you will wait.
I have been here three times now, and I did a take out, and each time I have been less than impressed.
Perhaps I will always hold the first location as the best, but really, this one is alright.
The crepes here are not good.
Chewy and bland, really a let down.
The quality of the skillets and pancakes has been hit or miss.
One time my stack was under cooked in the middle, very gooey.
Service is slow, and the benches are really not made right.
They are not comfortable at all.
Overall it's a good fix when you don't feel like driving to another one, but if you are really in need, just make the drive.

Dear Babystacks,  I did my due diligence by bringing my whole party of 5 in at the same time...
Please do yours and sit people in the order they arrived.
One of the girls at the front seemed a little confused after the other girl asked her why sat the party that came after us before us... And then laughed it off... Thanks- we have been loyal but we will be going to The Cracked Egg from now on!

Love me some Babystacks!
You might have guessed what their specialty is by now.
You got it..
It's their cakes'.
Let me tell ya---they're slap your momma good!
There are more than a dozen of cakes' to pick from.
Options include: Red Velvet, Rocky Road, Chocolate Chip, Bacon (yup, you heard that right), and lemon ricotta (Lemon Ricotta is my absolute favorite).
If cakes' aren't your thing, they offer other items like skillets (layers of potatoes, cheese, eggs and other toppings) , specialty items that feature SPAM, Garlic Rice, Portuguese Sausage, or Kalua Pig Benedict (another personal favorite).
Service at this location has always been great.
The atmosphere is nothing fancy.
However, their fresh cakes' and local ambience hits the mark in my book.
Warning:  Even though this location is larger than the one in Summerlin, expect to wait on the weekends (even if you arrive at a reasonable time for breakfast).
The wait will be worth it and I'm betting you'll return again to try another one of their specialties.

Very long wait ...... Really the only negative ( maybe that is actually a positive:) ).
Decor not inviting BUT I brought 6  girls here and they all said their food was delicious!!!!
Everyone wants to return.

This place is great just wish it was more of a secret so it wasn't so busy all the time

A really good place for early morning breakfast.
We got there around 7:30am craving breakfast food.
We ordered the white chocolate macadamia nut pancakes, adobo fried rice omelette, and a chicken skillet.
Everything was extremely good... My only qualm was that there weren't really white chocolate chips infused into the pancakes.
Previously we ordered the red velvet pancakes, which were perfectly infused and I still highly recommend!
The adobo fried rice was also really rich and satisfying.
Wasn't too fond of the skillet personally... not as flavorful, but wasn't bad.
We also had a side of the Cinnabon pancakes with the skillet, which were amazing too!
And if you're into it, they also have sugar free syrup, which we were really happy about!
Overall, definitely will return when we have an early morning sweet tooth!

Can't ever go wrong here guys!
If you want to feel like you're in Maui eating breakfast go here!
Same great food and service!

By far the best place for breakfast!
The service is on point and the food is outstanding!!
This was my first time trying this place, and I'm so glad I did!!
I will definitely be back!!
Preston in particular is a wonderful server!
The wide variety of pancakes will leave you indecisive, they all sound great!
I can't wait to come back and try some more!

Loved this breakfast and brunch place!
FOOD:  I ordered the banana cream short stack and mmmm it was so delicious.
I got this instead of the regular banana stack because I enjoy having fruit inside my pancakes, not just on top.
I am so happy I got this.
The custard and whipped cream that they drizzle on top went perfectly with my pancakes.
I didn't even need syrup.
SERVICE:  I'm a picky and very indecisive eater but my server was very patient and answered all my questions.
He didn't rush me nor did he look annoyed (even though he might have been).
:-)  INTERIOR:  Cafe looking set up.
Very casual ambience.
They have a tv in the corner where they played the World Cup.
My boyfriend really enjoyed that.

Holy crap this place has a ton of pancakes!
I ordered the white chocolate macadamia nut short stack, to go with my huevos rancheros, and I have to say everything was delicious!!
The service was great, the food was so filling and so delicious, and the restaurant itself was very cute, clean, and had a friendly atmosphere.
There is no reason to ever go to an IHOP again with these around Vegas!
Highly recommend!

This place was so bad, from the time we walked in, threw our breakfast, till the time we left.
We walked in, busy and I expected that, didn't take our name down or how many in our party, forgot who was first and going where....it was so freakin hot.
Waiter came over, he was really sweet and funny, but our food came out and it was a train wreck!
My friend ordered crispy bacon and it came out soggy, my husbands egg Benedict came out and the biscuits were soggy so we asked for new ones and those were soggy too, his breakfast was so bad he didn't even want to finish it.
I got the country fried steak breakfast and I enjoyed it up until my husband decided he wanted to eat the eggs, I don't like eggs, he was so excited and hungry to eat them, he got them all dressed up and ready to eat and then when he went to go take a bite there is a whole corner of a plastic cut off in the eggs.
We ask for a manager and they came over and said that they had no idea where the plastic came from because all their stuff is organic and not packaged, which is bull crap, because when I walked in I could see the shelves with the cans in the back in the kitchen.
And I find it disturbing that a manager would say that they have no idea where it came from instead of making us as guests feel comfortable.
It was a bad experience, it was disgusting, we will never go back there.

Can we say delicious?!
There isn't one thing I've had here that I haven't liked.
The garlic rice taste just like my mother-in-laws and that is my favorite anytime of the day.
The locations are a little small but the wait is never too long.
Recently opened location by my house is convenient but I would go to any of them just to get a taste of heavenly goodness.

This is our go to breakfast place in Vegas.
Mexican skillet is fantastic.
Pancakes are on point.
Also they make some great coffee.
Sometimes on the weekend the service is lacking but the food more then makes up for it.

Rick's Adobo fried rice was the bomb!!!
Great service.
Support local anytime the food is this good!!

