I am having my wedding here in October and they have been so wonderful.
Offering to help coordinate with all my vendors, giving me suggestions for bakers, and honest feedback on people they have worked with in the past.
I will update after the wedding but so far I am satisfied.

As an update to my previous review, I have since learned that the staff here was extremely rude to my wedding coordinator and the caterers on the day of the event.
Very sad to learn that as I loved the place.
Additionally, I had to contact them weeks later to determine the status of my security deposit.
At the time they explained to me the reasons why I was not receiving any of it back, and I won't argue that with them, it was in the contract; however, send me a letter or call me and let me know.
I shouldn't have to track you down to find this out.

I think I've exhausted every possible thing you can do at Inside the Bungalow- drink coffee, do yoga, go on a retreat, & have a wedding!
I guess I'm well versed in what they have to offer!
;)  A couple of years ago I was searching out for a place to have my wedding.
I had gone to Inside the Bungalow to drink coffee and enjoy their fabulous outside seating but never knew they did weddings.
One Saturday I stumbled in early in the morning and saw them setting up for a wedding in the back.
I knew immediately that I was having my wedding here.
I can't say enough good things about the owners, Carrie and her mother.
From the minute I expressed interest in having a wedding, they were nothing but generous, thoughtful, and helpful from start to finish.
They were so accommodating and easy going, it felt like I was planning a wedding with a best friend instead of a business owner I hardly knew.
It made the process seamless and pretty much stress-free from start to finish.
In terms of their coffee and yoga, fantastic!
Since I moved to the downtown Mesa area it's become my regular place to stop in, have a drink, and take a yoga class.

**200th review!!
* YAY!
My wife's cousin had his wedding here.
Given the area it was located, the thought of an Oasis definately comes to mind.
Ceremony around the back on these pleasant little grounds was beautiful..  Food was tasty, but not extremely memorable.
All in all it was a good time had by all.

This may be OK as a coffee shop, but for special events, forget it.
It is a charming venue with used brick on the outside patios, old trees with white lights sparkling in the evening.
The building is a converted house with whimsical rooms.
The problem is the owners/management.
They were uniformly rude, obnoxious, unhelpful and oh yes, just plain nasty.
If you are going to be in the hospitality business I would suggest being...hospitable.
Apparently they do not have the hang of that.
Somewhat of a problem if you are receiving large amounts of money moonlighting as a wedding venue.
My niece was married there , and they were supremely unaccommodating.
They had my sister, the mother of the bride in tears the day of the wedding!!
Additionally, evidently they did not want to spend extra money to air condition the bridal party room so that the mother of the bride could be there, and she was unceremoniously told to "get out of there" (air conditional for extra bodies given as a reason) .
Wow.
Do you want your wedding day to have extra stress because on top of everything else you have to deal with a B**** of a proprietor?
I would strongly urge anyone considering having your wedding there to reconsider, as it is too special of a day to be ruined by owners like that.
The place is indeed charming, but ultimately not worth it.

I've never reviewed before but I thought I needed to say something about this place.
I wanted this place for my wedding more than anything.
I saw it online and my fiancé and I decided to go to their open house they hold on Wednesdays.
We get there a little early and go in and check it out.
I ask if I can have more informations on the weddings they hold there and the owner just hands me an information packet that is already online.
She said the open house starts at 5 30 so I thank her and we go and wait.
Her husband comes out and turns on all the lights and tells us we can look around and this is around 5 10.
He tells us to go inside if we have any questions.
I'm done looking and I go inside to talk and get more information.
I go up to the owner and she claps her hands together and goes " ok it doesn't start till 5 30, thank you" and walks off.
Really?
It's 5 20 and you are standing doing nothing!
why are you being so rude?
Plus I was just told to come in here and ask you if I had questions!
We go outside to leave and her husband stops us and tells us he can show us and help us.
Another couple comes in and she is nice as pie to them.
Based on what that other review said about this lady I would never have your Wedding here.
If you own a wedding venue be prepared to be nice to people.
I would have been ready to sign papers if only she was nice to us.
Found a much better venue after this experience but wow blew my mind!

Hospitality was great!

