I have really mixed feelings for this office.
I want to love it, but at the same time I absolutely hate it.
For one, I can completely agree with Amanda B. that Dr. Agarwal is a great doctor.
We gave birth to our daughter at home so we did not receive a routine hospital newborn screening, and had to make her an appointment for the day after her birth.
We were easily able to make an appointment for that morning (she was born Sunday night at 11, we called at 8 Monday am and had a 10 am appt).
We were seen by his assistant, Brita Overly, and then by Dr. Agarwal himself.
His newborn screen was thorough and he was very genuine and worked so well with our teeny tiny babe.
I was so happy we had found a great doctor.
Following visits were not as excellent.
While I still believe the doctors and assistants are great, I find the office to be highly unorganized.
We always had extremely long waits (anywhere from 45 - over 60 min), and we had a lot of issues with our daughter receiving her vaccinations.
We first went in and they were out of one so they recommended waiting until they got it in to do the rest.
We were supposed to have gotten a phone call in the next couple of days to schedule a time to come in, but after a week we hadn't heard anything.
Finally I called and they scheduled us to come in for the shots.
The morning of the appointment the office called and said they were still out of it and wouldn't have it in until the next day.
So we rescheduled for the following day.
The next morning I get a phone call that they still didn't have them and wouldn't until early the next week.
Ooookay......so I rescheduled YET AGAIN.
After all of the rescheduling and miscommunication, my daughter was TWO WEEKS LATE receiving her vaccinations.
I'm not sure why I didn't consider another office after that.
Now our daughter is due for her 4 month immunizations, with an appointment this week.
I received a call Friday from the office saying they were AGAIN out of one of the shots so they would need to reschedule.
At this point I just cancelled her appointment and began researching another office.
We'll now be seeing Dr. Alexander at Camelback Pediatrics.
I really wanted to love Desert Ridge Children's Center, but their complete lack of organization worries me when it comes to my daughter's wellbeing.

I love Desert Ridge Childrens center!
Although the office staff seems to be ever changing...
They are still competent.
I've always gotten right in if my son is sick and I've never waited more than 5-10 mins for my appointment.
One time I even showed up on the wrong day and they still squeezed me in.
We see Diane Becker and we love her!
On occasion I've also seen Dr. Thomas and we like her too!
It is super close and convenient with a beautiful office and we have never had a problem!

The only reason I've stayed with this practice is because of Dr Kuo.
They don't return calls and suck at patient service.
I've waited an hour only to end up seeing the nurse practitioner.
I specifically confirmed my appt with dr Kuo and no one mentioned seeing a NP at that time.
The office manager was the one who scheduled my appt too.
So far no good for desert ridge peds.
Third office visit is on Tuesday and if that doesn't go well I'm leaving because my child deserves a phone call back when she is having problems and I'm a new parent

