Had a pretty good meal here.
There's no online menu, so forgive me if I have a few ingredients wrong...
Started with a kale and spinach salad with lemon vinaigrette and parmigiano, which was decent.
At 6$ it's a healthy way to start your meal, although it's a bit one-note and the lemon really starts to get to you about halfway through.
Moved on to a steak sammich served with tots, which again, was decent.
Steak was actually (un)cooked to rare as requested.
Kudos to them for that, but the meat was kinda stringy/chewy.
I had to take a few slices out and cut them myself so they could be edible.
Tots were real good.
Probably wouldn't order again though.
The real problem is that it's just kinda there.
The atmosphere is just OK, you're eating in a plastic chair, there's no TV...
It provides a quick meal for people at The Grand, but if you're in the area are you really skipping all of the better restaurants in the area to come here?
Nope.
Next time I'll test out the deli at the sports book.

Had the Dr. Pepper pot roast and the Cobb salad.
Both were very tasty.
The pot roast temperature was just lukewarm.
Would have expected this to come out piping hot.
Nice but small cafe.
Sit in a booth.
The middle tables have plastic hard chairs.
Prices are a little steep.
I doubt the the lunch crowd from the local businesses will frequent the place due to the prices.
$14.00 hamburger is not going to do it for the average worker downtown.

Visited on a Sunday afternoon with 2 friends & sat at the bar.
The prices are a bargain, the food quality was amazing.
I had the Eggplant Patti Melt and friend had Tuna Sliders, other friend was not eating.
Will definitely go back again!
Wanted to go to MOB BAR or Tripple George across the street but they were both closed at 2pm on a Sunday.
Glad we discovered this place.

Went to lunch with some coworkers.
I ordered the grilled cheese sandwich.
I really enjoyed it and I was thrilled that one of the side choices was tater tots!
I will definitely be back and I am excited to try some of the other menus.
I would recommend!

I hate to do it, but I have to.
Enter myself and two co-workers.
We work close to Downtown and we stopped in at Stewart & Ogden for lunch.
We were on the clock so we hoped service would be quick and there wouldn't be too many people.
Luckily we came at a good time because there weren't many people there.
Ordered: Ahi Tuna Sliders with Tater Tots: Grandly awful.
The bread, although looking pretty was dry as a bone and tasteless.
It was like cardboard.
The teeny pieces of ahi tuna were so freaking salty I could barely stomach them.
The slaw inside was unmemorable.
The tots, while brought out warm and crispy were also REALLY SALTY.
Just an overall failure of what could be a really great dish.
They should take a moment and go have the Ahi Tuna Sandwich at Yard House to understand what these sliders should really taste like.
Tomato Bisque (by both my co-workers): They said it was good, and the presentation was really cute with little goldfish crackers.
Side of Fries: Salty.
TOO SALTY.
Caeser Salad with added on Chicken: The salad looked blah.
My co-worker had to ask for extra dressing, because although it was mixed in, there wasn't much.
The chicken was dry and she said the Romano cheese had melted under the heat of the chicken.
They didn't even bother to give the chicken time to cool a bit before throwing it on her salad.
Decor is odd.
The yellow IKEA like chairs really throw me.
They should be replaced to go with the rest of the restaurant which is like, "chic diner".
The problem is in the kitchen though.
Honestly I would have sent my food back had I not been limited with time and on the clock for work.
The food is simply not good.
I really doubt I'll be back, but I'll keep an eye on the Yelp reviews to see if they improve any.

Before the Las Vegas Great Santa Run, I had breakfast at Stewart + Ogden.
It wasn't busy at all and the hostess took me to a seat immediately and gave me a menu.
She came back quickly with a complimentary copy of the Review Journal for reading then or taking with me.
My server came by the table quickly and asked about coffee and i soon had a hot cup of coffee on that cold morning.
It was refilled several times in the time I was there.
I ordred the fried green tomato Benny--eggs Benedict made a different way.
The base is not an English muffin but two slices of green tomatoes, breaded and fried, topped with lump crab meat, and topped by two poached eggs and a remoulade sauce that had a nice zing.
The Benny was served with a small field green salad.
The breakfast was very good.
I liked having a Benedict done a different way.
The thing that got me about Stewart + Ogden was the staff.
Everyone worked together.
Although I had a server, not one person went by with a coffee pot that didn't stop to ask me if I needed a refill.
Also, the staff were all very polite and pleasant people who seemed genuinely happy to have you in their restaurant.
It was a very nice feeling.
Stewart + Ogden is a little pricey--it's not your bargain breakfast, but if you're looking for something different and outstanding service, I recommend Stewart + & Ogden highly.
Oh, and their menu stating the legend of this being near where Archibald Stewart and Peter Ogden once shared a meal is probably a made up legend for the new Downtown Grand.
It sounds good, but it's unlikely!

I had breakfast at Stewart and Ogden two mornings in a row, in part because we were lazy, but mostly because we didn't know we had a $10 discount on the first go round, so had to come back!
This restaurant is located inside the new Downtown Grand Hotel.
It's small, but it has character.
The breakfasts are decent and reasonably priced for a hotel breakfast and the staff was friendly.
The first day I had a standard eggs and bacon and toast breakfast and it was all fine.
The bacon was particularly good, but the toast was cold and you have to put your own butter on and you know how butter on cold toast works out.
Bummer.
The second day I got the lemon ricotta waffles and oddly, it was also cool, temperature wise.
Not sure what's up with not serving the food hot... could be a server issue or the kitchen, but it was disappointing.
Both had good flavor, the waffles came covered in blueberries and other berries, kind of half fresh and half sort of a compote.
A little odd, but not bad.
My husband had the big breakfast with eggs, bacon, potatoes and pancakes the first day, which he enjoyed and the ranchero scramble the next day which seemed kind of small, but that he said tasted good.
He did not complain about the temperature of his food, but he'll eat anything.
Overall, I'd eat here if I'm staying at the Grand, but I doubt I'd make a special trip to eat here.

Breakfast.....ordered the "Graveyard Shift", which consists of pancakes, 2 eggs, thick cut applewood smoked bacon, and potatoes.
The bacon was excellent, and the pancakes were above average.
For $10, the "Graveyard Shift" is certainly no graveyard special, and I didn't see any bargain prices in this diner.
My OJ was $3, so I escaped with a $14+ bill, before tip.
The decor hurt my eyes, and I bet it will be updated within a year or two.
I'd try it again, but nothing to go out of your way for.

Came for dinner on Christmas.
The service is spot on based on the other reviews.
The waiters spend too much time in the back waiting on food, when they could be multi tasking.
I have been waiting 15 mins for my credit card so I can actually leave.
Food was good and I understand it is a new spot, but seriously don't plan on leaving.

Went here for dinner and have to say it was disappointing.
The service was good.
The food....not so much.
Ordered meatballs and they were dry.
Garlic bread was dry.
The 1/2 chicken was dry and the broccoli was bitter like it had gone bad.

Our dinner here is best described as "under" -- undercooked, under-seasoned, and overall underwhelming.
My dude put it best: everything had a real "exhausted mom" quality to it, or just slightly above TV dinner quality.
Ordered: Shishito peppers - coated heavily in oil (not a good-tasting kind), under-seasoned, undercooked.
They were hardly grilled or fried; a couple were barely even warm.
I won't say no flavor, because there was a faint one, and it wasn't good.
Chicken pot pie - Isn't encrusted like most pot pies; has two cheesy biscuits on top.
And, oh yeah, they weren't cooked all the way through.
Neither were the potatoes, which were nearly raw.
One point in its favor: they used both white and dark meat.
The chicken, thankfully, was not undercooked, and the cream sauce was fairly tasty.
Pan seared trout - Not what you think it's going to be.
It's two thin pieces of fish, skin on, that seem to have been more pan fried.
Not super fresh.
Came with red cabbage and carrots, both pretty boring (the "sweet & sour" part was evidently false advertising for the cabbage), and white rice.
Had to squeeze the crap out of the lemon wedge all over the plate, as well as a fair amount of salt (I almost never salt my food at all, especially when I dine out, so that's another not-so-ringing endorsement).
Side of broccolini - No red pepper flakes to be found, in spite of the menu description.
Mostly tasted of lemon butter, but still not very delectable, though it was better than the shishito peppers, and not quite as undercooked.
Not the most offensive meal I've ever had, but for the price, nowhere near worth it.
I do not plan on coming back unless I hear they've majorly stepped up their game.
Other FYIs - no beers on tap, if you care about that sort of thing, though they do have a full bar (so our waiter said), the regular suspects of bottled beers, and some wines.
Despite the blah food, the waiters and hostesses are very nice.
Only reason it's not getting a 1 instead of a 2.

Terrible service.
Food was good, although the grilled cheese and potatoes were cold.
Frittata was good.
Grapefruit juice was way too small for the $3 price and was mediocre.
Service was unbelievably slow.
The waiter was bringing other peoples food and taking orders while we waited on our check for 20 minutes and other staff members were simply straightening chairs.
Insanely poor prioritization by the staff that should be a simple fix.
It was not busy or even full when we were here.
The service completely negated the food quality.

I'm not even sure how to describe the interior of the restaurant; from afar it seems colorful and cool, yet up close the cheap quality shows.
From the simple lightweight plastic chairs and cheap tables, to the under-designed back bar, to the cheap vinyl flooring, you can quickly observe where they tried to cut costs.
And as for that back bar, walking through every space in this property you will notice that this architect must not give much thought to bars as a whole as they are seriously lacking presence.
Their breakfast, lunch and dinner menus all have some similar items, but vary slightly based on the expected meals for their time of day.
While some of their offerings sound great, based on both my experience and a majority of the reviews online you shouldn't expect much.
Of the few burgers offered on their lunch menu, I went with the Ogden Burger: fried beefsteak tomato, avocado aioli and frisee.
What came out looked like a bit of a disaster, and I'm surprised the chef allowed a bun like that to leave his kitchen; it had gaping holes, was completely dry and overly flaky.
The generic pre-made and possibly frozen patty had no decent flavor, ok char, and was cooked close to the medium rare I ordered.
The fried tomato was totally dry and not great at all, and there was a random unlisted piece of bacon that showed up just in the middle of my burger.
The avocado aioli was nowhere to be seen on this burger, and could have helped counter some of the dryness to the bun and tomato.
My fries were completely generic and not great at all; cooked well but had no decent flavor or originality to speak of.
We also ordered the meatball skewers as an appetizer; the meat was far too dense, under-seasoned and not great.
The roasted tomato and provolone fondue sauce wasn't good, and the garlic bread wasn't quite bread and not nearly garlicky enough.
This meal just failed in every aspect.
Like I said, I'm a big supporter of all things downtown, but when they're of such poor quality for the cost, I can't stand behind it.
$10 for those meatball skewers is insane, and charging $15 for this burger should be illegal.
If you're drunk at 3am on Fremont Street, this might be a cool atmosphere, but even heavily intoxicated I couldn't see myself willingly spending that kind of money in this restaurant again.

I haven't even been back yet, and I would have gone to give it another shot, since someone referring to himself as Executive Chef Charles Wilson wrote me* saying how sorry he was for my* experience and that he would like to invite me* back as his personal guest so he can show me* that they can do a much better job.
* ...except that he didn't write *me.
* He addressed the letter, "Good Day Erik C." Yeah... that's another reviewer.
He actually gave you one star, while I gave you two.
Since you've addressed me as him, I'll go ahead and make sure our scores match.
You're welcome.

This place was a nice surprise.
We were checking out the Downtown Grand, found ourselves hungry, and saw a sign advertising 50% off for locals.
So we decided to check this place out.
For 50% off, it was a great meal.
Had it been full-price, it would've been an alright meal.
The decor is cool.
Kinda new age, 50s, upscale diner-esque.
It's fairly small too.
The service was alright.
Could've been friendlier and more attentive.
The menu definitely has plenty of offerings.
We opted for a pub chips and cheese dip to start.
The chips were perfectly done and the dip was tasty, though not crave-worthy.
We then shared the New York strip with frites and spinach for an entree.
The steak was actually pretty great.
Certainly not like anything you'd get at a steakhouse, but quite great for a diner.
And the frites and spinach were good too.
All in all, I wouldn't make a special trip here.
But if I was in the 'hood and hungry, I'd come here again.

I've gone here twice now, and both times I have really enjoyed my experience.
The restaurant is very casual, and a nice stop after being downtown all night.
I sat at the bar both times, and had Anthony as my bartender.
He was very attentive and friendly, a few of my friends had no idea what to order so he suggested some cool drinks for them, and they were very impressed.
The food was good when I ordered on my first visit, the fresh baked cookies were awesome, I did not get food the second time, but I will be back.

I absolutely loved this place!
The decor is so eclectic and it has a lively atmosphere.
Our service was just wonderful.
Our group started out with some drinks at the bar.
Our bartender, Anthony, was very attentive and gave great recommendations.
When we had more people join our party later that night, they accomodated us to a table directly near the bar.
Anthony even let our party know that the entire casino was doing 50% off all food for residents through the month of January.
This is a great place that I would love to come back to soon.

My family and I went downtown to get some dessert and drinks and wandered into The Grand casino and found Stewart and Ogden.
It was a fun little 50's diner that has been modernized to fit the new casino.
We had the bread pudding and the cheese cake, both were home made, and they were very good.
My father in law opted for the banana foster sauce on the bread pudding and it was amazing!
Even though this place has a diner feel to it, the service was excellent.
Our bartender,  Anthony, was very attentive.
He made us feel welcome, and when we had some extra people show up he went out of his way to make sure we were moved to a table where we had enough room.
He had done such a good job up to that point that we asked if he could still serve us even though we were at a table now, and he gladly did.
Even though he was now watching us and the bar, Anthony's service never faltered.
Aside from the desserts, he was the star of the night and the reason that my family and I will be back next time we're downtown.

This restaurant is a new treat in Downtown.
I rarely go downtown, but had to meet at Stewart & Ogden for a business lunch.
I am very impressed with the newly renovated Downtown Grand and after my experience at this restaurant, I am very pleased with the changes.
The interior of the restaurant is nice, but even nicer is the staff.
From our arrival, the staff was friendly and welcoming, and told us that that day they had begun a brand new menu.
They said they had begun a "scratch kitchen" meaning every order was cooked from scratch.
I figured this would mean the food would take a little extra time to come out, but it was fairly quick.
I had the steak frites, the steak was cooked perfectly.
It was very good.
Overall this is worth another trip.

I like this place.
Especially since they have half off when you present a players card and local ID.
Been twice,first time I got the filet which was very very tiny.
If it was full price ($31) I would have been upset.
The second time I ordered the Steak Frites.
Best deal there hands down.
Both were cooked to perfection but the filet was a ripoff.
Good food and even better service.
Both times I got a short haired smoking blonde,I think her name was Kendra.
She was awesome!
Always on top of it!
Give it a solid B on food and A+ on service!

Went here when the grand reopened for lunch and was really impressed so my gf and i decided to give it another try.......
Menu had been changed.
My gfs grilled cheese tasted like fish and despite my filet mignon being ok it wasnt worth the money i paid and i had a discount.
Service sucked too despite the place being empty.

This place is good.
And not just "good for downtown", it's GOOD.
I rarely venture downtown & I always seem to go to the same places; but for tonight's ladies' night, we decided to try something new .. Stewart + Ogden.
When we go out for dinner, we just get a bunch of apps & an entree or two & share .. so, we went for the pub cheese, tuna tataki/poke and the shishito peppers.
I don't know where to begin on these or how to choose my favorite.
I just know that if I'm ever on death row, I want that poke to be a part of my last meal .. Light, fresh & that marinade *drool*.
Anyway, I've never had those kind of peppers before & I'm lucky I got to try them since my mom hogged them all .. charred, tart, not spicy.
Finally, the cheese ..
I want to work here so I can get the recipe & make it for football game gatherings.
Entrees .. steak frites, fried chicken & salmon.
My friend who is a very picky meat eater said it was one of the best steaks she's had in quite some time .. seasoned & cooked perfectly, tender.
The fried chicken was fantastic as well .. juicy with a nice sweetness to it.
The salmon .. oh, that salmon.
It's served with a sweet red pepper sauce (no, it's not siracha) on a cold quinoa salad with mango, corn, black bean, cucumber & red onion .. light, fresh, flavorful and GLUTEN FREE!
As if we hadn't had enough, we also got a few desserts .. the cheesecake is dense, yet light (how?
), the warm brownie is rich (gimme a Newcastle to drink with it) & delicious, and the cinnamon roll bread (or was it sticky bun?
I don't remember, I was starting to enter a food coma) pudding with bourbon sauce .. enter Homer Simpson's drool noise.
All-in-all, we all thoroughly enjoyed our meal .. (I took some pictures; unfortunately, the tuna was destroyed before I remembered to take out the camera) .. and the prices are VERY reasonable.
Will definitely be back.
This restaurant & hotel are going to be a good part of downtown's resurgence .. can't wait!

I finally made it down to the all new renovated Lady Luck, now coined "The Grand.
"  I was intrigued when I first peeped the new signage while under construction from the open area of the Gold Spike.
I love how downtown LV is transforming right before my eyes.
Anyhow, a co worker of mine told me about a place called Stewart and Ogden, named after the other two roads running parallel from Fremont.
The menu provides some fun facts about Mr. Stewart and Mr. Ogden as well, referencing their polar opposite attitudes and peculiar relationship.
It was Xmas eve and the first time we didn't head back home for the holidays.
Almost all the good spots were closed.
We initially tried to hit up Container Park until we learned that they closed early for the holidays.
It was real quiet and wasn't quite what I expected, especially since my co worker is a foodie extraordinaire, which boggles me why she is not on Yelp.
I was expecting something more intimate and not just another casino diner.
Well beggars can't be choosers.
I ordered the pub cheese, but got served the...calamari instead?!?
I never order calamari, been over it since, the 90's???
The wifey ordered the tomato bisque, which was ok but not impressive and tasted like a stick of butter was dropped in it.
When asked what we want to drink, I am pretty particular, so asked what's on the drink menu.
The answer was..."there is none.
"  Okay fine, so I asked what whiskey, bourbon or scotch was available.
Unfortunately, the waiter was probably new and unfamiliar with the offerings.
Eventually, the most exotic thing closest to what I was looking for was a McCallan 12, doable I suppose.
The decor weird was wierd, kinda like and old time, early 1900's feel, only open in a casino.
I never quite enjoyed eating in a cage where everyone can watch you and blow some second hand smoke flavoring into your meal.
But, like I said, trial and error is the nature of the best when trying out new places.
Overall, the place is obviously in its prenatal phase and perfect for the slot player taking a break from 12 straight hours of max play.
Otherwise, I would probably opt for the Chinese spot next door or with the other places in downtown.

I was so excited to try this restaurant.
Upon arriving to the Downtown hotel where this restaurant is located, me and my friends had just arrived into Las Vegas after a 6 hour drive we were hungry and since we were staying at the downtown hotel, and we had to wait to check in to our hotel we decided that we would go eat.
We looked around the hotel to see the different restaurant options and we like the way this restaurant looked and the prices seemed very reasonable so we decided to eat here.
The restaurant was not packed there were a few empty tables.
There was a group next to our table of about 8 people, I saw that they had not received there food, but I did not know how long they had been there.
My group of 5 placed our order with our waitress and waited and waited.
For a while we did not notice how long it was taking because we were talking, our waitress came over and said sorry for the wait but the table of 8 is a really big order so it's taking longer for our order, we thanked her for letting us know.
About an hour passed and our food still had not come out.
We were starving and very disappointed.
We had an event to attend and due to the long time they had us wait!we had to leave so that we could make our event.
Over an hour and our food never came out and it was not even crazy busy?
That's horrible.
I stayed at the downtown hotel for the weekend and every time I walked pass this restaurant I just shook my head.
I loved the hotel and will be back there but I will never go to this restaurant.

Absolute worst experience here!
Came for bfast and left w/o eating because the food took freaking forever to come out!
We waited over 30mins and finally when I asked to speak to a mgr, that's when miraculously the food comes out?
PWe were so over it, we just left.
Especially since the hostess stated she would TEXT the mgr to let him know there was a problem...ru kidding me?!?!
These guys need to literally check themselves before they wreck themselves because this was just all around bad!

Came by The Grand during the Chinese New Year festivities at Fremont St.
Experience to sit back and relax.
Stewart & Ogden Bistro is right by the gaming tables and the most visible restaurant coming in from the front of the hotel.
Ordered a hot chocolate and a dessert.
Craving a cheesecake.
Well guess what, Hoooowahhh!
this was the best cheesecake I've had in a looong time!
Happy to have tried this one.
This cheesecake was as white as snow and just as fluffy!
Who would've guessed a perfect cheesecake in downtown LV.
I've seen the reviews here after trying the cheesecake so I'm gonna have to come back and try the rest of the menu.
If the cheesecake is any indication of the food at this place then perhaps the rest of the menu is equally as good.
Saw a segment on the news yesterday about new stuff on the menu, perhaps I'll be visiting The Grand again soon.

We decided to get a room at the Grand so we could drink and not drive :).
While here we decided to start the night off with dinner so we chose this place.
The decor is nice but the tables are more of a cafeteria look to them.
We decided to split the ultimate grilled cheese and French dip.
They were both gross!
The grilled cheese was cold and only had a slice of American cheap cheese on it, the bacon was cold, and the fries came in a clump that had to be pried apart.
The French dip was so gross I could only stomach one bite, because the meat smelled awful!
Yuck.
Sad when the waitress told us the French dip was the best!
I will never return and the waters came with floaters

On my inaugural visit I was not at all impressed.
We had to wait 15 minutes to be seated, even though the restaurant was 3/4 empty.
Then, after ordering, I was presented with a Baby Spinach Salad without any dressing on it at all.
The Buttermilk Biscuit Croutons were very good, but the dish just did not come together as a whole.
The fairly large shrimp in a Shrimp Cocktail were meaty and cold, but not that tasty.
And the Horsey Sauce accompanying this app was just too mild.
When my entrée at length arrived, its diminutive appearance was quite underwhelming: two small fillets of Pan Seared Trout with Cilantro Rice, cut carrots, and Sweet & Sour Cabbage that was not juicy and neither particularly sweet nor sour.
The trout tasted better than it looked, but it was just average in quality.
Service was very inattentive, and there was a long break between preliminaries and delivery of the entrees.
Seating was comfortable, but the whole vibe was more that of a coffee shop than a casino's featured restaurant.
It would be pretentious to call what was served to my party of four "fine dining.
"    Reportedly a new executive chef is now in the kitchen, and some new menu items are already being phased in.
But I highly doubt that I will be back.
Even at a special January promotion price of 50% off for locals with a Downtown Grand My Points player's card, I did not feel that I got good value for my money.
XX-1/2 stars overall!

My friends & I stumbled upon Stewart + Ogden after the Color Run a couple of weeks ago.
We had to get our parking validated at the Downtown Grand & didn't want to wait at other places nearby (Pizza Rock had a 45 minute wait, boo) because we were starving!!
Besides, it looked like it had good potential: cute-ish decor (blue/turquoise booths & chairs with silver chandeliers), there was no wait, & as a diner/bistro there is something for everyone.
I built my own omelet which includes 3 eggs and 2 items of your choice, along with house potatoes.
Any additional items are $0.80 each.
I decided on spinach, mushrooms, sausage & swiss cheese.
It was smaller than expected, but okay - I mean, you can't really mess up an omelet, right?
Now - about everyone else's food:   - Ogden burger (tomato, bacon, aioli, onions) with a side of fries: the waitress put the plate down & then asked if there was bacon on the burger.
There was not, so she said she would come back with it.
.. um, okay?
- French Dip sandwich with a side of fries: my friend totally did not eat the bottom parts of her sandwich because the au jus was spilled all over her plate & made them super soggy.
It looked like her sandwich was swimming in it.
- Saimin: this is a noodle dish with char siu pork, spam & egg that my friend liked.
The huge bowl this noodle soup was in came on top of a plate - which had a layer of soup on it.
I was so confused!!
Obviously, they acknowledged all of the things that were wrong: missing bacon, au jus spilled on the plate, & to be careful with the bowl & plate of saimin but still sent these dishes out.
It was pretty sloppy service.
Lastly.. PAYMENT.
What a headache!!
Usually with groups, the group or the server will ask for separate checks.
We missed the waitress asking us that in the beginning, but thought that letting her know what amounts to put on each card would be okay, but it seemed like she got upset & reiterated that she asked us if we wanted separate checks in the beginning.
She then said she would have to separate the checks to take payment and it would take a few minutes.
It took over 30 minutes.
Yes, we felt bad that she had to separate the checks but we all tipped her because of that.
With all the other places you can eat in DTLV now, I kind of wished we sucked it up & waited to eat somewhere else.

Went here for breakfast with a group of lady friends.
Really intriguing menu if I wasn't vegan, I'd really have tried the carrot cake pancakes.
One of my friends did order the red velvet pancakes & said they were very good.
The spinach frittata was a hit with two of the ladies- especially the ricotta?
That looked like a scoop of butter.
The breakfast potatoes were very good but I was amazed at fresh squeezed juice for $3 with free refills!
I will admit I wasn't fond of the really green cucumber juice (a bit bitter, maybe too much peel for that green color since flesh is so lightly colored?
Bummer that my friend ordered the last watermelon juice they had available.
The grapefruit & orange were very good though.
Server said they also have carrot & lime which I didn't see listed on menu.
We were seated on time, though not early even though I had called days earlier for a reservation.
That was not an enjoyable call- they don't have a direct line and the person who answered the phone could not hear me because of all the noise on their end & kept making me repeat myself as she was trying to make a breakfast reservation at 10pm, luckily after 5 minutes she handed the phone to someone else who resolved everything quickly & easily.
Our server was funny & attentive and had no problem giving us separate checks even though we forgot to ask that in the beginning.
We were lucky enough to be in a separate area from the main dining under our very own beautiful chandelier which I would have loved to take home with me.
I'd have given them 10stars if I could have that chandelier & forgiven the exasperation from the initial person trying to take the reservation.
I will go back in the summer so I can get some of that watermelon juice - can't beat that price, except to make it myself.

Items Selected: Country Biscuits & Gravy - two country style biscuits with house made sausage gravy "The Best" Carrot Cake with Sugared Cream Cheese Icing Carrot Cake Pancakes - Country Style Carrot Cake Recipe, Cream Cheese Frosting Red Velvet Pancakes with Cream Cheese Frosting and Whipped Butter Cinnamon Roll Waffles - Cinnamon Dough, Waffle Press, Sugar Glaze Sticky Bun Bread Pudding with Bourbon Sauce, Caramelized Pecans, Whipped Cream Hawaiian French Toast - Toasted Coconut & Pina Colada Crusted Brioche, Berry Compote, Cookie Butter  Located in the Downtown Grand and named in homage to immigrants Archibald Stewart and Peter Ogden, the appropriately named "Stewart + Ogden" Café has been the source of decidedly mixed reactions since its 2013 opening but having recently retooled the concept and the menu under the direction of Michel Richard protégé Todd Harrington I finally decided to see the restaurant for myself, an old friend in town coming along for a five plate jaunt through the restaurant's sweet breakfast selections plus a pair of desserts.
Served by Scott as trendy tunes floated overhead amidst a deluge of chandeliers it was to great coffee and friendly service that we were greeted just after the restaurant's 7am opening and seated close to the bar the it was with a simple request that courses were paced out in decadent progression, none less than good and a few truly exemplary over the course of an hour with coffee never less than half-full.
Beginning with a single savory before for moving to sweets, homemade biscuits would prove fluffy yet well-buttered beneath thick spiced gravy and although perhaps an odd pairing with a slice of "The Best" carrot cake, I actually preferred the biscuits as the cake itself was excellent while the frosting was just a bit too sweet.
Moving next to a far better use of the carrot cake batter, cast-iron skilled pancakes with light cream cheese drizzle would prove light and every bit on par with those at MTO Café while the similarly topped Red Velvet stack would prove the best I've had to date with light cocoa tones filling the a fluffy batter bronzed by the griddle.
At this point already impressed but expecting great things from what would follow given Harrington's Crème Brulee French toast at Central it was with a trio that the meal wrapped up and with the waffles truly harkening a crunchy yeasted cinnamon roll it was the nearly molten bread-pudding and complex, custard style French toast impressed most - the later begging for a little umbrella given its island influence and crispy coconut topping juxtaposing creamy cookie butter and bursting berries.

The Stewart & Ogden is a quaint place to eat inside the New and Impressing Downtown Grand.
It's just off the casino floor.. look for the blue chairs..
The design is unique and blends old and new together to create this inviting place to grab a bite to eat.
I was seated promptly and was able to get a comfortable booth.
My only major complaint was how long i had to wait for the waitress to attend to me or to take a drink order.
I think the hostess noticed my discomfort as she came over to me and asked if she could get me something.
After i was served the waitress arrived and everything was perfect from there.
I had the Steak Frites..
DELICIOUS!
This small steak, and fries, with Blue Cheese Salad was exactly what I wanted for lunch!
Very impressed with the flavor.
I ordered a Cosmopolitan, it came out promptly and was filled to the brim.
Tasted very good!
Kudos to the bartender.
This place probably deserves 4 starts, however considering my wait time they will get 3.
I intend to return one day thats for sure!

I think this restaurant just opened and they're trying to get things together.
The wait staff is fantastic, always attentive.
I went for breakfast and there were no complaints.
I tried the fried chicken for lunch; the brine and batter were overly sweet, with the whole thing tasting like candy.
I would definitely go back, especially when staying at the Downtown Grand.

Pretty good.
I was staying at The Grand and was craving junk food at 10pm.
I ordered tater tots and bread pudding take out as a late night snack.
The tater tots were good, a huge portion big enough for two people.
The bread pudding was good but it is over rated from the other reviews on yelp.
The custard part of the pudding soaked to the bottom part of the bread, making it a bit soggy and the top of the bread pudding a little hard.
The bread pudding wasn't bad but it could have been so much better if the consistency wasn't so varied.
The ice cream was actually pretty good, vanilla bean, good flavor.
I would definitely go back to this place next time I'm in town for a real meal rather than a late night pig out session.

This restaurant located inside the Downtown Grand , has a very friendly waitstaff..I was greeted immediately and seated... very shortly my order was taken, and just a little later my salad followed by an order of "Half Baked Chicken with mashed potatoes and Broccoli" was brought to the table...
The chicken was delicious..as was everything else...
When I return, I plan on stopping by this restaurant once again.....

So I decided to give this place another chance because I was givin a $10 off coupon from the hotel.
I decide to sit at the bar since I was by myself and I just wanted to get in and out, the bar tender that was helping me his name was Brian and he was very nice and helpful.
I order an mimosa $8.00 and an a create your own omelette $13 +cheese .89cent.
Once again it did take a long time about 35 minutes for my food to be served to me.
Once I did get my food I had to send my omelette back because it was still juicy and not completely done.
Once my food was served back to me I ate it and it was ok, I wouldn't say the best but at least I actually got food this time so for that I up my stars to 3 starts instead of one.

Since my last review, the menu has expanded and the decor has had a much needed upgrade.
Well done!
With the new additions there were still some execution issues (tuna sliders cooked all the way through.
yeeek.
), but overall it was a way better dining experience than in my previous visit.
Managers were on hand and quick to fix the problem with our lunch.... poorly made food was off of the bill and cinnamon roll waffles were on the house in a matter of minutes.
Not bad.
Looking forward to my next visit to try more of the new menu, which is way more than I can say about my last visit :)   .5 star upgrade

I had read In the R-J that in April ticket holders to Sunday shows at the Smith Center would be charged 1/2 price so I changed plans, sorry Fat Choy, and headed downtown.
I was mildly surprised to discover it was a coffee shop with chandeliers and a bar.
Since we had already enjoyed OJ in the room, we only ordered entrees from the breakfast menu plus a coffee for my wife.
Her stomach was doing the shimmy shimmy shake so she went conservative by requesting blueberry pancakes that were loaded with blueberries but otherwise pretty ordinary.
My stomach was just empty so I ordered Hawaiian French toast - coconut and pina colada crusted brioche with berry compote and a fancy, almost maple syrup.
The French toast was good, but not nearly as good as the description would imply.
Menu prices struck me as being on the high side, chandeliers or not, for a downtown coffee shop.
Service was very professional.

I am giving my first three, and I am reluctant but sticking with it.
I love the decor here, the booths are comfy and everything was clean.
The hostess was exceptionally friendly, made eye contact, and made the short trip to our table a very pleasant one.
My expectation was high going in, plus I have had a late supper snack here before so I knew the kitchen was capable.
Our server was a bit frazzled and almost messy looking, and he gave us a name not matching his nametag.
He took our drink order, asked if we had any questions about the menu, and took off quick.
A runner brought us water pretty quickly, and then our server returned to take our order.
Future husband went with steak and eggs, medium rare and over medium eggs, extra side of toast.
I ordered the salmon benedict.
Drinks (watermelon and orange juices) arrived with no flair.
Server popped back over to let us know our food was in and would be just a couple minutes.
Twenty minutes later, our food arrives: mine was beautiful and tasty, but cold.
Man's steak is medium well and super tiny.
Juice glass is sitting empty, though menu bragged of free refills.
Server checks in about 5 minutes in, I ask for a refill on my watermelon juice and Man asks for hot and steak sauces (which should have been automatically delivered or at least offered previously).
Runner brings hot and steak sauces, no juice.
Server arrives without juice, but with apologies for serving my first glass as the last glass of watermelon in the outlet.
I order an OJ to substitute, which arrives as we are finishing, so I ask for it to go and our check as well.
I had asked for the check-in special offered here upon being sat, and was told that it would be put on our table right then so it wasn't missed.
It was missed indeed, so another five minutes later I get our final check.
The price was right, and the discount plus a buck made up for the tip (20% out of obligation to service industry, really).
We will not return for breakfast.
Man said the only good parts were the OJ and the company.

Surprisingly great cafe!!
Vegas casino cafés are usually rated in the "Meh" category.
With generally average food for people who are stopping by or the regular gambler that isn't looking for anything special.
Having attend the Las Vegas Beer Festival, the group I was with decided that Pizza Rock was a great idea, but as always 1 hour wait, so we put our name down and went on the hunt for a bite.
Having all parked at the Grand we decided maybe a quick browse of what was on offer might be a good idea as beer and standing around for a while, food became a priority.
I recall Stewart and Ogden being the first place we walked into.
Being seated at a cool blue booth and all grabbing some Chinese Beers and waters.
The service was quite prompt even though they were quite busy.
(Credit)  After browsing the menu and seeing the Meatball dish my mind was made up.
Good thing I order the Meatballs as they were pretty dam tasty with a pretty decent portion size.
A lot of business go either Massive amounts and and sacrifice taste or bring out such a small tasty meal you wish you had 5 more.
Overall service was great, being busy and keeping up is a credit.
The quality of food was great as well.
Yep a place to recommend if your favorite place is busy

A good friend and I took the time to reconnect and catch up for lunch.
Working downtown gives us the luxury to choose from an array of restaurants and eateries.
Working downtown for a while means I've had the opportunity to visit a lot of places, however, I've never been to Stewart & Ogden.
My friend said this place was awesome and we should try it.
Aside from the OK reviews on Yelp, I wanted to check this place out for myself.
When I approached this joint, the first thing I thought of was luxury.
At first glance, this place looked like a regal diner, with very prominent focal points around.
One of the first things you'll notice is the checkered floors, the old century type chandeliers and aesthetically designed ceilings.
Booths and table tops accented with sky blue gives the pop of color while also helping to build the luxury look.
When it came to the service, it was more casual than the look.
Our server's name was Tey.
He was accommodating and did start a little bit of conversation with us.
What I liked about him was that he did give us our space during our meal.
Thumbs up for him.
For lunch I decided to get the Ogden Burger for $10.
I wanted something filling and the name obviously attracted me as well.
This burger is cooked to your temperature, topped with grilled tomatoes, bacon, shallot aioli and fried onions.
The burger was definitely the star of the show.
It was cooked at the medium rare temperature I requested and SUPER flavorful.
It was perfect seasoned and really made the burger that much better.
I also loved that they included thick cut bacon.
The saltiness of the bacon also enhanced the flavor.
To me though, the aioli and tomatoes got lost in the mix, didn't even notice the tomatoes until the end.
Overall, it was a great burger and packed with deliciousness.
For my side, I chose the tater tots and glad I did!
Another great hit, super crispy, not too oily and one things for sure: the chefs know how to season their food!
I've been raving about my seasoned burger since I visited this place.
That can only mean one thing: I'm definitely coming back again soon!
They serve breakfast as well, so that a good excuse enough to return.
I'm glad that I didn't follow the overall Yelp rating.
I thought is was a little better than just OK.
If you're in the area, come down and check them out!

Good is pretty good, had the eggs Benedict and it was awesome!
Great drinks and nice servers!

This restaurant is right near my office and it is delicious.
We have always gone at lunch.
I highly recommend their chicken fingers and their cinnamon roll waffle.
The staff is super attentive and very nice and the chef even sent out some things for us to try on the house!
The only reason why i give it 4 stars is that i wish they had a more extensive menu.
It's kind of limited.
But everything I have eaten there has been great.
Also the decor is really nice and subdued.

good food, fairly reasonable price and great service.
I loved this place very nice!

Wow!
I was blown away by this place.
From the outside it looks like a cutesy diner, however the quality of the food is superior to most celebrity restaurants on the strip!
I arrived with my family of five around 6pm and was quickly seated in a comfortable booth.
I loved all the different menu options.
We started with the pub cheese, tuna poke and calamari.
All were incredible and the price was so reasonable.
I ordered the seabass, husband ordered the short ribs and the kids had the Ogden burger and Fried chicken.
All dishes were incredible!
We were all moaning and then passed them around so everyone could get a bite.
For dessert we had a difficult time deciding on dessert so we ordered key lime pie, butterscotch pudding, chocolate lava cake and carrot cake.
I think the desserts may have even topped the meal.
You cant go wrong ordering any of these or all.
I cannot wait till our next evening downtown because we are going to become regulars here.

Just ate here for the second time in two days!
Sure, we're staying here but there are a ton of food places within walking distance but we were blown away by the food and the hospitality!
Our waitress was Kendra and she was so nice that it made the experience even greater!
First visit I had the Triple Decker (Club) and it blew me away!
You can get "tots" (tater tots) which are fantastic and not even the slightest bit greasy!
Today I had the fried chicken which again, blew me away!
Unfortunately a couple at another table felt reason to raise a big stink about a change to the menu and really made a scene but it was no ones fault, and seeing the way Kendra dealt with it in such a professional way also impressed us,  We thanked her for her hospitality and told her we hope to see her again on our next visit from California!
I have not one negative thing to say about this place, by the way, I AM STUFFED!
Thanks to all who work there and a special thanks to Kendra!

You might just walk by and not even notice this place.
We almost did.
We sat at the little bar counter in the back.
The menu is great, the service is stellar, the food' AWESOME' This place is the BEST.
So if your hungry, want great food & service.
This is your best bet' 100% payout

Luck be a lady tonight.
The old Lady Luck is gone, in its place is the New Downtown Grand.
As I was taking a stroll through out the hotel I came across this cool looking diner.
It has this old Hollywood kind of vibe.
I almost can see Cagney & Bogart hanging out talking about their next film shoot.
Back to the diner, it's a 24hr place.
This helps when it's 3am and needing that late night/early morning bite to eat.
Service is laid back and well attentive.
I grabbed a club sandwich, keeping it simple and why not it's made with Boars head products.
That's top of the line people.
Look it's not your super star studded place on the strip.
This diner has a style all it's own.
Swing by and give it a try.
I'm sure I'll pay it a visit again when I'm in the  downtown area.

Not a bad little diner... Open 24/7 even though Yelp says they close at 1am.
Had their calamari and was impressed with the quality and how much you get for the price.
Service is just OK and the atmosphere isn't anything special.
I would come here again but probably wouldn't go out of my way.

Understaffed, extremely slow service.
took over an hour to get food.
server didn't care that I didn't get toast with my meal.
Food was mediocre at best, I would have rather had del taco.
Overpriced meal, didn't use the the $5 off coupon because we had been there too long and I didn't have the patience to wait any longer.
I will never eat there again, and I strongly advise eating somewhere else in the area.
Please learn from my mistake and avoid this shithole!

The food is WAY too salty and the service was horrible.
We waited over an hour for our orders.
I would understand if the place was busy but it wasn't.
Beyond annoyed.
All we got was soup and burgers.
They had to redo the burgers because they overcooked the first batch.

The food here was pretty good but the service was a little off.
It wasn't bad per se, but not good either.
Let me start with the good.
The place is cute as a button.
The colour scheme, the old school charm.
Really adorable.
The food was good, nothing spectacular or anything, but good.
The food we ordered was prepared perfectly and we ate every last bite.
The problems come only from the service point of view.
Our waitress was busy with a demanding table of 6 diners.
That was fine.
I felt sorry for her because these people were really being kind of a-holes.
She finally came over the serve us and in spite of her other customers, she was smiley and friendly.
However, once our order was taken, she passed the rest of our service onto her colleagues who apparently take "not my job" very seriously and constantly neglected our requests for service.
It was only when she got back from her break that we were able to get our check!
So, for our actual waitress, she's a 5 star, but her colleagues; -5 stars.
Eesh.

I came in about two days ago and had a very good experience.
I was first greater by the hostess named Leslie.
She is so sweet and was very helpful with my questions on the menu.
She sat me in a cute comfortable booth and told me my server would be on his way.
I had Esteban as a server.
He was great.
Very knowledgeable on the menu and had amazing suggestive skills.
He recommended I order the pub cheese for an appetizer and then a ribeye for my main corse.
Both were excellent.
The ribeye was cooked to perfection.
My compliments to the chef.
As I was about to ask Esteban for the check he presented me with a dessert menu.
I usually don't order dessert but since he offered it, I decided I would have a look.
I broke down and ordered the cheesecake.
I can't tell you how refreshing it was.
If you haven't tried dessert at Steward + Ogden  you need to!!
Overall my experience was A+.
From the looks of the place it doesn't look like much, but once you eat here it will have you coming back for more.
I'll make sure I tell all my friends about this place!

Excellent food.
Mac and Cheese omg !
Service was friendly and attentive .
Reasonably price would definatlely come back

