Area C is a great new cafe on Leith Walk, taking over the premises that previously housed the Deli Polonia cafe.
They showcase really good Steampunk coffee, have quirky mis-matched furniture, including a little tipi, and their food is really impressive.
Fans of the chickpea are particularly well-served, with freshly made falafel and hummus (served with things like pomegranate seeds and chilli oil) forming the backbone of their selection.
Their soup, with two daily changing veggie options, is really good, too :-)  Overall, we said: "Area C made an excellent first impression.
Each element of their offering seems not only very good, but much more settled and assured than you'd expect from a place in its first few weeks of trading.
Service was friendly, helpful and informed at all times, too.
My advice would be to go and try it for yourself, at your earliest opportunity.

I met up with Emma W for coffee here and was pretty impressed with the space.
It's larger than I expected and contains, along with the tables and chairs, a tipi (accompanied by a charming sign that reads "No food in the tipi pretty please").
How thoroughly splendid!
The two chairs formed from single pieces of wood polished to a gleam are a real highlight too - very lovely.
I had a hot chocolate (standard!
) and one of the brownies.
The brownie was £1.50 and dense as dense could be, but gooey and rich.
Delicious!
In some ways it was more like fridge cake than brownie, because there wasn't much that was a bit cakey about the texture at all, but it was yumtastic nonetheless.
The hot chocolate was fine and came in a nice glass (I love a hot chocolate in a glass).
I think Area C is still settling into itself, so I'll be going back to update in a few weeks.
The owner was a little distracted, engaged in creating menu boards, and seemed somewhat uncertain of what kind of setup the cafe is aiming for (pay on purchase or on departure, he just sort of shrugged) but I'm sure those are just teething problems.
There was also a slight spillage of coffee on delivery, which wasn't accompanied by an apology or an attempt to clean up - again, I suspect due to being a little distracted by the primary task in hand.
Menu boards are a v useful thing to have, especially when, as today, the chap can't seem to remember the prices of things!
It was really nice to see them hanging over the counter by the time we left and I'm looking forward to coming back.
I have a feeling this place is going to be pretty lovely when it's all sorted out.

Cressida F was my wonderful company when we visited this venue.
How cute a small tipi for kids while you adults indulge in conversation and a coffee and cake or two!
The have windows along the shop front, which alongs natural light to filter through into the shop and you can people watch as they walk up and down Leith Walk!
But neither Cressida nor I wanted to people watch as we rested or bodies in wonderful polished wooden chairs.
A really good first impression of the coffee by taste although hate to point out the chap spilt it at arriving at the table and didn't offer a napkin to wipe the saucer.
Little things add up.
I'm not sure of the whold decor as it seems to have a mix going on, but I'm sure it's still settling it's feet in the dust and before long it will have built a character for it's self.
Defo would come back and try and cake soon!

Best falafel in Edinburgh hands down!
Love this place, really chilled out, excellent coffee, lovely staff, good tunes, cool decor, brilliant wee shop on a couple of shelves.
Love the falafel platter, just the best!
Highly recommend this place, chuffed to have it in leith.
You must go!!!!

