Krave night club is now taken back to the strip with the original owner!
Went to check out the new club location which just opened Nov 1st weekend- and wow great area of the strip near everything- city center- planet Hollywood just walk right over or take a cab won't be as high when it was downtown with old owner!
Line was long when arrived at 12.
Security checks all guys for weapons, which all clubs should do!
Just cause it's mostly gay people doesn't mean a bitch will fire!
Piranha take a note of this.
One bar in the lounge area right when you walk in boring looking and dark!
Quick service at the bar, and high priced drinks!
But hey- they are right on the strip, that's what you pay for.
Walk around and there is the big dance floor, another full bar and VIP areas!
Dancers up on stage with DJ playing some good music!
Upstairs is more VIP which has a view of stage and dance floor, looking to pick up a mess for the night Haha- they also have a outside patio.
This club just open so they need some more time getting the place together, but you can tell it will happen!
Krave and Share night club are by far the only to gay clubs in Vegas I would recommend!
Piranha just doesn't cut it.

Krave used to be a fun place to go before it started moving all over town.
My friends and I used to look forward to going to Krave at least once every Vegas trip.
The new location is, well, underwhelming -- to stay the least.
I went around 12:30 on a Saturday night.
Although we were on a guest list, they made us pay cover since it was after midnight.
Not a big deal if it was as poppin' as it used to be... we walked in to find the place maybe 30% full, with an awful DJ playing and an awkwardly empty dance floor.
The drinks are extremely overpriced - even more than the Abbey in West Hollywood (I'm talking $15 a cocktail).
I think we stayed for about fifteen minutes, cut our losses, and went to Share (soo glad I did that, Share was everything I'd hoped Krave would be).
I definitely will not be going back to Krave again, which is a shame because it was such a great place for so long.
My advice to Krave is to get a good DJ, stop charging so much for drinks (especially when the competition is charging so much less), and to stop charging cover until the place is at least at 70% capacity.
Don't waste your time going here - go somewhere else where it's less expensive, more fun, and better music.
Krave is a serious bust, and a borderline dump.

Went here at 11:30 and noone was here music was wack my friends and I was having a full convo  in the club because the music wasnt even that loud .. to be honest if I can here my friends talk from a distance u know is bad.. dont come here so glad I was on the guess list because they charge ppl 20$ if u dont live in las vegas..

Stayed here for maybe 30 minutes.
I bypassed the $20 cover charge by signing up on the guest list.
Showed my text for the open bar and got a wrist band... Long story short: Crowd was small.
Drinks were OK. Staff was rude.
Bartenders were stuck up.
One threatened to call security on me because I refused to pay for a drink even though I had a wristband for the open bar.
I didn't pay and no security was called.
I was later referred over to Share night club  by other people at krave who also disliked it.
Much better choice with no cover.

Me and my plus one were supposed to be VIP on Friday night and had it all setup for no cover, bottle service and the entire VIP service and treatment but when arriving we were told to pay the cover of $20 each and after doing so we were told that the open bar was only till midnight and that they knew nothing of the arrangement with the VIP management, even when showing the email from the person we were told we still had to pay for drinks and I can say we left after getting a refund of the $40 of cover.
Early that morning I got an apologetic email and was told that they wanted to make it right and to come back the next night Saturday and we did, after a long irritating mixup of who was providing the driver to is to and from the club and when we got there they told us they had been told about our bottle service of only paying the 20% gratuity per bottle and that was gonna be about $20 for a $100 bottle and yet told to pay the $40 cover for two of us and we just left and went to The Cosmopolitan to their clubs and got the VIP treatment same night when mentioning we were going to drop money on drinks the petty cover didn't matter.
I would say to avoid this place and go to another venue that is gay off the strip.
Just because it is on the strip doesn't mean that it is a good venue!

Oh wow thought they would improve by now!
Where do I start?
The cover charge for people need to go away!
Share and piranha don't charge anymore!
Unless the club is always packed and offers great service and entertainment which this club does not even come close to share night club standards!
The DJs the past couple times have been bad!
Why would you play fast music then play slow songs when the dance floor isn't packed, people just stand there wondering what happen to the fast song to dance to!
Plus they never look like they enjoy being up there!
The lighting is too dark and boring, it's like no one is controlling the lights when songs are being played!
The place is just out dated and needs some life!
I know they haven't been open very long, but they had some time to adjust some things, and haven't!
Who cares anymore they're on the strip share is right down the street and piranha is not that far either.
The VIP areas just seem boring to pay for it, and yes drinks are overpriced for such a low grade club....  Let's see if they change things around soon, so far it's been no change and never busy!
Almost everyone I met that night left to share.

Negative:  $20.00 cover as a everyday entry fee???
The sound system was not balanced.
High range was peircing to the ear.
Other pet peeve if you have Gogo/Dancers please make sure they can dance and not just thrust back and forth.
The DJ they has was horrible.
You know the club is bad when you can't wait to finish you overpriced drink so you can leave.
(Not like the original Krave.

-THIS REVIEW IS FOR AFTER, THE AFTER HOURS CLUB KRAVE BECOMES AFTER 3:30 AM ON SATURDAYS/VERY EARLY SUNDAY MORNING!
?-   I've always been jealous of co workers talking about the glory days of Utopia.
From what people have told me, I feel that After definitely can hold a candle to what was once Utopia, in Utopia's former location.
Since I missed the launch party, I made sure not to miss the next night.
I was blown away.
If you have ever been to Avalon Hollywood, this reminds me of a smaller version of it.
It is nice for Las Vegas to finally have a REAL TECHNO club to be proud of.
And when I say the word TECHNO, I mean it in the real sense of the word, not the crap word people use for a blanket term.
Don't be expecting super fancy decor and et cetera, but do be expecting to bootyshake until the sunrise to some awesome techno and tech house beats free of cheesy vocals.
And things are only to get better once the patio opens back up in mid March with some deep house and nu disco :)

I want this place to work!
Really do.
Visited On a Friday night in March at bout 1 AM with a total of 20 people in the club.
Slow to say at best and was told Sat night were 'off the hook'.
OK so I visited Sat night and the cover was $20, I told them I was not paying $20 so they reduced it down to $10 - no harm in checking it out for 10 bucks  right?
Well I gave them a $20 and they could not even break it!
Combined Front desk and coat check could not break a $10 cover with a $20 bill!
The till was completely empty.
I left.
The outcome would of been obvious.

Loved Krave when it was in Planet Hollywood...  No longer what it was.
Came to Vegas with friends and my husband for my 30th birthday weekend/week 3/15/14-3/19/14.
On Sat 3-15-14:  Paid $40 for me and my husband to get in, then spent $18 for a "Vodka Collins" and Corona: the decor is not impressive to command such a high cover.
Weak drinks with almost no alcohol yet extremely overpriced, and the DJ is completely unresponsive to the crowd.
Nobody was dancing because of the continuous hardcore house without any vocals, no "current" hits being mashed up..., no mix to appeal a little to everyone.
New DJ set needed that appeals to more than one type of crowd, the bartenders although extremely hot, need to loosen their hands on the alcohol and actually add some to their drinks...  Was thoroughly disappointed.
Ended up at Koi in Planet Hollywood and enjoyed the great mixture of music, dancing, and great drinks.
Going to Share/Pure/Koi tomorrow.
Hopefully I'll have a better experience at Share than I did at Krave : /

Coole Location.
Leider was zu groß, daher wirkte alles leicht verloren.
Schade auch, dass ab xx:xxuhr der Club (sowie Personal etc.
) von gay zu straight wechselt.
Aber sonst super

My friend's 30th- got on the "guest list " but still had to pay cover charge- late by 20 min.
No one dancing except our group, even the gogo dancers were not into it.
We were there on Saturday night around 1230.
Asked  one of the employees if it was always this dead- he blamed it on change over between krave and after.
Totally not worth the $40 cover.
Supposedly after doesn't get busy until 4am.

I really wanted to like this club after reading all the reviews.
Plus I was in the mood to dance.
My partner and I went on a Friday night, all you can drink for $25.
The guy up comped us free admission and free drinks all night after seeing we were from Jersey.
Later to find out he was from Brooklyn.
Club looked like a club from NYC and good-looking bartenders.
And that's about it for the positive.
DJ Lightknife was spinning that night and let me tell you, this guy SUCKS!!!
His music was ALL OVER THE PLACE.
His music was dated and it was all remixes of old top 40 crap.
Plus he had no connection with his crowd.
When he did get people on the dance with a good beat, he would clear the dance floor by playing some stupid ass shit with a total different beat.
DJ Lightknife needs to visit Big clubs venues such as XL , VIVA and ALEGRIA in New York City to hear the music they play.
These clubs are always packed every weekend!!
KRAVE really needs to invest in another DJ who really knows club house music.
Get the right DJ to spin amazing house music, this place will be jumping.
Us gays loves to dance.
I give props to Krave for the venue but if your music SUCKS, we ain't coming.
Its that easy KRAVE.
I'll give this place another chance on my next visit.
Hope to find new DJs.

Bland.
I was so excited there was an LGBT club right there on the strip, and I remembered having a good time at the "old" Krave two and a half years ago (apparently it has changed locations since then), but what a letdown.
I arrived on a Friday night, about 1:00 a.m., expecting a crowd, or expecting that the people who were there would at least be on the dance floor- wrong on both counts.
There were less than 30 people dancing, and a few dozen more hanging at the bar or on the couches.
I stayed for less than an hour.
The DJ was decent, playing typical house stuff, but nothing spectacular.
Nothing that had me rushing to the dance floor.
The decor was non-existent, and parts of the club seemed to be in disrepair, or maybe still under renovation.
I bought one cocktail for $13, again, typical for that type of venue, and actually cheaper than other most bars and lounges in Vegas.
They didn't charge me a cover, which was great.
The security team and bartenders were pretty friendly and welcoming.
The staff was honestly the best part of the experience.
It's a shame that the rest of the club didn't measure up.
I hear good things about Share, but honestly, it's too far away, since I usually stay at New York New York, the MGM Grand, or the Excalibur.
I hope Krave gets its act together soon and does something to bring the bodies in!
Oh, also a lot of straight people there, or at least male/female couples.
I don't hate on them, I love our allies and all, I was just perplexed by this, lol!

Unable to find the place.
Initially told it was only open on Mondays.
Later learnt the location had changed.
Finally, told by a taxi driver that they had shutdown.

I changed my hotel reservation so I could be here for the grand re-opening weekend featuring new sound, lighting, and furniture.
Bought tickets online but they refused the advertised 2-drinks included.
Place was empty at midnight, nobody dancing, DJ played non-dance music, no entertainment.
Turned around and left the dive.
Krave used to have good energy when at Planet Hollywood and peeps would show up.

