LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!!!
I am SO glad that I stopped into Cornfusion today to pick up some treats for my office.
The shop was super cute, clean, and the employees there went out of their way to be friendly and helpful.
They offered to let me try all of the flavors I was considering (and not just one kernel, either), and their popcorn flavors were delicious and fresh.
I thought that the prices were quite fair and they even had a 10% discount running today.
I really hope that this business is successful, and I'll definitely be recommending them to my friends!

Awesome flavors that really pop.
Huge fan of the salt & vinegar.
That's if u like that sorta thing.
All flavors I've tried are robust and accurate!
Great prices too.
Stock up for that next movie night

Love this place!
When I first walked in I absolutely loved the décor.
There is so much to choose from!
The two times I have been here it has been the same friendly employee.
He offered samples which was great because I was torn.
I ended up getting the Salted Caramel Mocha - amazing!
It's like Starbucks in popcorn version.
:] I will definitely come here as gifts for people too.

Pretty tasty cheesy jalapeño popcorn, great service and good quality!

The sole employee working there was very sweet and helpful.
The store looked very clean but the selection of popcorn was wanting.
I have been to the Popcorn Girl many times and am a fan.
This place is smaller and actually more expensive.

I LOVE this place!
They just launched their summer menu too that includes shave ice and the size of the menu is insane!
Everything is super yummy and the staff is always so friendly.
Great place to take your family or friends for a sweet treat while supporting a small business.

Nom nom!!
Oh how I love Cornfusion, let me count the ways!!
This place has everything ~ Popcorn, tons of flavors (I chose a mixture of cheddar, caramel, and garlic parmesan), gift containers, specialty sodas, shaved ice, fudge, caramel apples, cake pops, charming staff members, and comfortable seating for my friends and family members.
As soon as we walked in, we were hit by the delicious smell of fresh, sweet popcorn and the colorful decor of the shop.
Then, the customer service = awesome.
Then, the popcorn and fudge = delish!
After I "accidentally" ate my entire bag, I ordered extras to share.
SUCH a treat after a long day of running errands with the kids :)

Love this place!
Great for buying unique gifts or indulging yourself.
They have dole whips!
This is the pineapple softserve they have a the Disney parks and it is SOOO GOOD!!
Owners are very friendly and hospitable and their goodies are delicious!

Great popcorn fantastic service  Hawaiian shaved ice love it Rick

Great carmelcorm in the city.
Had some at popcorngirl , twice as expensive and not half as good.
I will return often.
And the Dole whip is like being in Hawaii.
Love it , love it.
Rick P

Looks all pretty & yummy but service lacks.
Literally stood here for 10 minutes without acknowledgement or a word.
Only one girl working & she seemed annoyed to be here!

Purchased a groupon deal for this place and was excited for it cause they had Dole Whips...but that excitement was cut short after I walked into the store.
The employee was curt and didn't even seem to want to help.
She explained that my groupon was only valid for one voucher per visit and even if I wanted to tender out the visit into two transactions to use the other voucher, I couldn't.
The dole whips weren't even ready and I'd have to wait 25 mins if I wanted to purchase one.
THAT WAS MY REASON FOR BUYING THEIR STUPID GROUPON IN THE FIRST PLACE.
Why do places like these even participate in groupons if they don't have their stuff together to fulfill them?
I was told I could come back same day to redeem my other voucher, which didn't make sense since I was already told I couldn't by the employee.
Waste of gas, time, money, and patience.
NEVER AGAIN.

My mom and I came into cornfusion a few days before my wedding to check the place out.
The service was great, we were promptly greeted by the girl who worked there.
She was very sweet and helpful.
She offered us samples and answered all of our questions.
We ended up buying three different kinds of popcorn; dill pickle, caramel corn, and the kettle corn.
All three were super delicious!
We also got a few different marshmallows and they were also delicious!
We also got the Dole Whip which was bomb.com!!
We will definite be back.
Highly recommend to anyone looking for a fun and yummy snack :)

