Grand opening of this premier training studio in Chandler.
The studio is large with plenty of room for personal training and Group Fit classes.
This is a top notch location and facility.
I was first introduced to the two co-owners during personal training sessions many years ago.
I only recently, within the past couple months, began working out at Funktional Fitness.
This duo has raised the bar in terms of personal training.
Not only are you going to get a personalized, safe workout but also guidance in nutrition to make those workouts even more effective.
The staff and customer service at Funktional is excellent and I have no doubt that the culture Luis and Jeremy have created in Gilbert will be just as present in Chandler.
Each time I walk in to Funktional, I'm greeted like a part of the family.
Well done, FunkFit!

The best training studio in Arizona.
From the moment you walk in, you are treated like you have been there forever.
Luis and Jeremy have spared nothing to make this the best in Az.
The trainers are all the best out there,numerous class times and all the latest equipment.
All classes are led by a personal trainer, making sure you do all the movements correctly.
Every day is a new theme class.
No high pressure sales tactics and there are try it specials all the time.
I have been a member going on my 3rd year and I would not want to go anywhere else.
Like I said, the best in Az.
But you try it and you will see.

I work out here every Friday with Coach Matt and it's every bit as good as the original Gilbert location.
The studio is spacious and has just about everything you can think of to get you back into shape or to maintain your fitness levels.
I do GroupFit and all the other members agree there is nothing like Funktional Fitness in the Valley .... the best of the best for sure!

I have been at Funk Fit for the past 4 months now.
Every day, every work out has brought a new energy and strength I didn't know my body had.
My husband and I work out together and have already brought four more friends into the studio.
It is something we love THAT much.
Definitely as good as it gets!

