I have been curious about vaping for some time and stopped into Lifestyle Vapor to get some more information.
The store is bright and inviting with just the right amount of products on display to indicate that it is well-stocked without being overwhelming.
I had allowed myself a few days of research to accumulate all the information I felt I needed to make educated decisions.
Anna spent almost an hour with me patiently explaining all the key elements of vaping.
She had me taste a number of different flavors paying careful attention to my comments and guiding me in the right direction.
Following a very informative crash course about the hardware, Anna provided me with recommendations while carefully outlining the pros and cons of each of the options.
It was all very soft sell, with no attempt to upsell products or even push for decisions.
I wound up buying all the elements I needed to start vaping along with a couple of flavors.
I fully expect to continue my exploration here and Lifestyle Vapor has a new loyal customer.

Lifestyle Vapor is the choice for making your electronic cigarette and vaping purchases.
The staff is extremely friendly, products are of the highest quality and overall you will have a wonderful experience.
Not only do you receive high-quality products, but the staff will help you with any questions that you may have.
They are more vape experts and vape buddies more than "staff".
They ensure that you get the best bang for your buck and that you're going to enjoy your Vaping.
I love getting a great product for a great price and that is reason enough to visit the store.
However, the reason that I go to the store is because I get a great product for a great price AND I'm surrounded by amazing people.
The customer service is just overwhelming and greatly appreciated; it's amazingly refreshing.
I highly recommend going to Lifestyle Vapor for your Vaping experience and all of your Vaping supplies.
Happy Vaping!
Love Chloe  P.S.
There are shinier stores in town but not everything that glitters is gold.

Awesome and friendly staff!..
They really know how to treat their customers at Lifestyle vapor.
I recommend this location over any!!..
Will continue coming to lifestyle vapor for ALL my e juice and vapor supplies and accessories!
!..

This shop is my favorite vapor shop I've been too hands down.
Their staff is friendly helpful and don't mind of you hang out for a time sampling their excellent juices.
Their juice is top notch stuff.
Of all the juices I've tried theirs is my favorite.
They just taste the best.
Doesn't matter what flavor I sample I always have a hard time deciding which to get.
You pay about $5 dollars more a bottle then other places but it is worth every penny if you enjoy flavor.
Ask for extra flavor in your juice to get an extra kick off of your favorites!
Other places claim their juices taste like a flavor but this shops juices do!

I've been to a lot of Vape shops, but Lifestyle is by far my favorite.
In fact, it's now the ONLY store I go to.
Lifestyle has a wide variety of U.S. made, high quality liquids that you can sample and buy.
Staff is extremely knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating in helping you find the right product for your experience, and they're always up to date on the latest and best merchandise.
I can't say enough good things about this business.
The coffee flavored is my favorite, and Anna always adds a lil extra flavor and sweet for me.
(If I forget to ask her for Xtra, I can count on her to remember) Bottom line, excellent customer service!
You have to give this business a try, you will not go to any other again.

