This place is beautiful, as flashy as it could ever be and expensive as heck.
I think it's going to be great for adults who want to let loose with bowling and pool, great for parties, but not the best for families with young kids.
The reason I say that is because it's simply too pricey.
I went there tonight with my husband and son.
We wanted to bowl for an hour, and it was $34 for an hour.
What?
Fifty cents per minute of bowling?
I was hoping we could get the early-bird rate of $22 per hour, but was told that that pricing ended at 5 p.m.
I checked my cell phone as I was being told this, and it was 5:03.
OK, so this is going to be THAT kind of place.
So we got our game, and with shoe rental and tax it ended up about $44 for an hour.
Bowling is very high-tech, with the ability to choose different types of games and even different ways to decorate your screen.
The food is fairly reasonable.
We had a child's chicken finger meal, a margarita flatbread, chicken wings and three Coronas and the total was $50.
The chicken wings were so soggy that my husband sent them back (the first time I've seen him do this in 11 years of marriage).
They graciously made new wings for him.
They still charged us for it, but that's fine, I have no problem with that.
So we left after less than two hours having shelled out more than $100 (with tip).
Yikes.
We didn't play any video games, but the ones I saw were about $1.10 or more per play.
Your kids will go through the cash pretty quickly at that rate.
The service is absolutely impeccable.
The wait staff is a constant presence at the bowling area and was there to help with anything and everything.
The food was served on nice plateware, and the paper napkins were black.
They brought out lemon slices in a small bowl with our ice water -- a very nice touch.
Pros: Very high tech, good-looking, clean and well run.
Lots of friendly employees.
Food and drinks are reasonable.
Cons: Bowling and video games are extremely expensive.
I just can't pay $44 for an hour of bowling for a family of three.

Love the cleanliness and newness of the arcade games.
A little pricey but there's something fun for everyone.
Bar, restaurant, bowling, laser tag ($8), gravity ropes ($8), picture booths, air hockey, skee ball, tvs and a ton of arcade games

Good family fun because it has a lot of variety.
There's video games, billiards, laser tag, bowling, climbing bridge, restaurant and random things.
All of the kids seem to have fun.
Look for specials.
On a Monday last week, it was $10 all you can bowl, laser tag, etc.
Oh and you also get waiter service while you bowl.
It's kind of cool since you don't have to leave your lane and the waiter brings you food and drinks.
Good family fun OR good group hang out with friends too!

Drinking, bowling, arcade, lazer tag, pool tables, gravity course...pretty cool place.

This place is awesome!
There's so much to do!
We went during the wrong time of year though.
Unfortunately, even at noon on a Friday the place is packed with holiday parties so there's no available pool tables or bowling lanes.
I'm sure it will be a blast after the new year.
This is basically a shiny new version of Dave and Busters.

I think the Main Event has a lot of potential.
It just recently opened so I didn't expect it to be crazy packed, but there was a decent amount of people there.
I love the bowling here!
It has a classy Lucky Strike kind of feel with a full menu and bar.
The system allows you to take a selfie for your name and score and its very interactive giving interesting player stats throughout the game.
Our server was incredibly nice and friendly, apparently she had been working a double shift, but she was so upbeat- you would never be able to tell.
We ordered the chicken quesadilla, 2 orderes of garlic fries and onion rings.
It was all yummy.
The onion rings were more like onion straws - which I prefer and the fries had just the right amount of garlic.
We each paid for the all you can play bowling, laser tag, climbing etc wristband which was around $17 and worth it.
I was dying laughing from playing laser tag with my friends and a bunch of strangers.
I found out later that all of my team was hiding out upstairs, which explains why I was getting crazy shot up by the other team downstairs.
They have an interesting harness system that allows you to do tightrope walking and other crazy obstacles over the arcade.
The arcade could definitely use more games and I didn;t get to play billiards but I will try next time!
Overall, it was a fun night!
I hope this place can compete with Dave and Buster's, I would say it's location is limiting since it randomly placed next to the IKEA deep in Tempe.

Tonight our office of 9 employees headed to main event for a team building party.
Sad to say this will be our last time visiting!
We arrived on a Monday afternoon at 3  for drinks and food, after having one or 2 drinks we played laser tag and then decided to bowl.
The bowling alley was super nice and we were able to order drinks from a waitress.
That's when a party came to a horrible end!
After a gal in our party tried to order a Third drink (3 in 31/2 hours) our waitress told us that she was "slowing her down on her drinking" we ordered 5 drinks between 8 people!
Our waitress told us that she would have to kick us out if we ordered another drink!!
WHAT!!?
My co worker was so insulted that this women was talking to her this way.
The waitress when confronted by me proceeded to tell us that she was trained to look for signs of when people had too much to drink but when I asked her if she knew how drinks we had she had no idea!
Then she told me that the women in question had ordered two drinks within a few minutes of each other, we told her the drinks weren't even for her!
We spent close to $500 and were treated like garbage!!!
Beware if you are going here for fun!!
Not so much.
Thanks for stealing $500 welcome to the neighborhood main event!!

Finally something close to work for a fun Happy Hour.
The Pilsner beer prices were reasonable, considering the area.
I agree that the bowling prices are insane, but they do have some great specials.
You just have to look for them and get them at their ticket booth, I suppose.
We walked around the arcade, took some fun pictures and got some game cards.
Games are anywhere from $1.10 to $1.65 in some cases.
I'm sure they are still working out some kinks, being open only a month.
Will definitely give it another go around here down the road.
Compared to Brunswick Zone in Gilbert, I'd have to give Main Even a nod on the side of not a bunch of rugrats running around, but the bar at Brunswick is more self contained, which is a plus for them.
And they (Brunswick) have karakoe.

I went here with a group of friends thinking it would be a fun night out.
We mostly went for bowling, so we got Winter Fun Passes since it included "unlimited" bowling, plus billiards, gravity ropes etc.
To get a bowling lane, we had to wait an hour, and to use the gravity ropes we had to wait a half hour.
No big deal.
We reserved one lane since there were 6 of us bowling (in a group of 8).
They neglected to tell us that there was a one-hour time limit on the lanes.
When we realized this about a half hour into our game and went to reserve another lane, the lady laughed at me and said that there were 30 groups ahead of us.
I asked if she could give me an estimate of how long the wait would be, and her reply was "A long time.
" When I stood there staring at her, she finally said, "It'll be at least a two-hour wait".
We tried checking out the billiards while we waited again, but the 6-8 pool tables they had were full, and every employee had a different answer about how to reserve one.
One of them asked to hold one of our credit cards.
I don't think so.
So, for the over $100 spent between the 6 of us (not including what we spent on arcade games while we waited), we got one round of bowling and one round of gravity ropes before we got tired of waiting and left.
That would have bought about 3 games for our entire group at AMF.
Very disappointing.
This was SO not worth it, and none of us plan on coming back.

What a cool place.
Great food games are a lil pricey but it is very kid friendly and clean.
Great service good looking staff friendly most definitely will be going back.

Updated: I am very impressed with how quickly this was responded to.
I am still at the location and the district manager called me to apologize and the manager promptly came over with a $20 video game card for each of my kids.
The response from the district manager was understanding and swift and my kids are grateful for the extra video game time.
I updated my rating from 2 stars to 4 stars and we will likely be back in the future.
The winter funpass is a good deal for cabin feverish kids, however the staff and management are rude and inattentive.
I brought my kids here to beat the winter blues and get some work done.
I got the kids the winter funpass and sat at a table in their restaurant area.
The staff never came over, regardless of walking by several times.
On each table there was an ad for "Buy a $25 gift card, get a $10 bonus card.
" When I asked about this, I was told the ad expired yesterday (there was no expiration on the ad) and that they would not honor it.
The manager stated that they were in the process of removing them, but had only gotten to the sign on the front of the building.
The ad was on every table with no expiration, however he was unwilling to honor.
I am not one to complain, but any other establishment would have honored their posted promotions.
It will be awhile before I come back, if ever.
For the money, Dave and Busters or Ultrastar are much better options.

It looks Very fun with plenty to do for the whole family, however, With football playoffs and open seating, they should figure out a way to not miss anyone trying to order or sit down for a drink.
The wait for activities was a little over 3hrs.
It was packed.
We walked in, sat down, but someone in our party had to go and find someone to help us.....20 mins later.
No warm introduction , nothing.
She asked for our card prior to ordering....The food came fairly quickly...always pass on the spinach dip... That needs more attention than we did honestly.

First time trying this place and I doubt I will return, which is unfortunate because they have potential, but the employees and management leave a lot to be desired.
Here's a recap of my experience:  1.
Went without food or drink for 20 minutes at the bar.
Literally had to get up and move to the other side of the bar to be served because the bartender was ignoring all 4 of us.
The winter fun pass sounds like a good deal, but is a total rip off.
They say it is unlimited bowling, laser tag and billiards.
What they don't tell you is that if there is a wait, which is pretty much guaranteed, you only get an hour on the bowling lanes at a time.
Then when you go try to get on the list again, it is another 2 hours before you can play.
We arrived at 6, didn't get to bowl until 7:15 and only got to play one game.
Went to get on the list again and told we had to wait until 10:45!
Even the employee I was complaining to said the Winter Fun Pass was a total rip off.
I wish we could all get our money back.
Laser Tag lines are a joke, 2 hour wait to play, but a lot of people sign up and don't come back.
They don't have a way to track that though, so a lot of sessions of the game are at less than capacity due to the no-shows.
They should utilize the same buzzers that they use for bowling to minimize this.
Complained to management twice and they didn't make it right.
If the same person asks to speak to a manager twice you think that something would be done from a customer satisfaction perspective, but my concerns fell on deaf ears.
The manager didn't even introduce himself to me, he just walked up and asked if I had a question.
I asked if he was the manager and he said yes and then I explained my concerns and how I felt we were being taken advantage of with the Winter Fun Pass.
Obviously our business wasn't important enough to him, so we will go somewhere else in the future.
To summarize - save your money and avoid this place.

It seems like a great deal.
I came here for the MLK weekend special.
It was $17.95 for all you can play bowling, laser tag, etc.
what they don't tell you is that you will spend 2+ hours waiting to play any of the games.
So in the end you spend the whole night there and only get to play 1 or 2 games of anything.
Essentially it's a huge rip off.
Might as well just go to a bowling alley or laser tag place.
I won't be coming back for sure.
Also the service here is atrocious.
You will spend 15+ minutes at the bar just waiting to get a beer.

Our family was excited to try this place.
We had kids between the ages if 6-14 and between the long waits to do anything, the ropes course being too scary for the 6 year old, the video games being....get this $1.65 - $3.00+.....EACH.....we really didn't enjoy nor did we find value in the winter pass.
We literally played 2 rounds of bowling.
Well the kids did.
The staff, as I see mentioned in other reviews, was in fact really rude.
One girl literally rolled her eyes with a heavy sigh because I had to try a few different sized bowling shoes for my daughter (they run about 2 sizes too small).
Didn't realize I was completely putting her out.
((Shrug)).
I gave two stars because the food is actually pretty good there and reasonably priced.
Sorry though we don't intend to return.

Update - after I posted my review a comment was left by Main Event Entertainment asking me to email their district manager William.
I sent William an email over a week ago and still haven't received a response.

$1.65 for games?
Change it to credits like Dave n busters so I don't feel like I'm getting ripped off.
The food is descent but the service is horrible.
If there are a lot of people sitting at the bar or the tables they should have some type of system for anyone to notice us.
I waited 15-20 minutes to ask someone to take our order.
Bowling is only rented $36 for the hour not per game-RIPOFF-.
Expect to spend the whole day if you want to try laser tag or anti gravity walk- there's always a waiting list for 2-3 hours later.
The only competition is Dave N Busters and Main Event does not compare especially if you have a children's party like I did.
My host was excellent but I had only one host getting drinks for 13 kids and 10 adults and it was hard getting refills.
I know I will never host a party there again.
This place is good if you're by yourself and just want to get a beer.

I received a response from William.
Apparently my first email went into his spam folder.
He is going to provide an email gift card for us to try the place out again.
I haven't received the card yet, but I think my husband and I will give it one more shot and see if things have improved.

This place has some potential but has a lot of kinks to work out in order to avoid frustrating the customers.
Pros: The bowling lanes are very cool!
They take photos of the bowlers and put them alongside your name on the screen that shows the scores.
And they superimpose the faces from your team onto various cartoons during the game.
My kids thought this was HILARIOUS.
My kids also loved the interactive video playing on the floor outside the bowling area.
I watched jumping on pretend bugs, toppling pretend bowling pins, etc for a long time.
They all seemed to love it.
Cons: I was able to watch the interactive video area because I waited nearly an HOUR to be helped at the dining table in the bowling area.
I think I would *still* be there if I hadn't sought out a server myself.
And there was a cluster of people near the entrance to the bowling area, which was annoying and made it hard to get in and out.
I don't know if they were waiting for a lane, or just socializing there bc they had friends playing in the nearby lane, or what??
But the staff should have relocated them and cleared the flow of people in that area.
Also the process of buying a ticket for the gravity ropes course was very confusing.
We waited in one line, then were told to move to the other line, which meant we had to go to the back of that line and start the wait all over.
The bottleneck also blocked the entrance to the shop.
Let people buy laser tag & ropes course tickets at the kiosks instead!
And make sure the staff doesn't ignore people waiting to be served.
Also the nachos were terrible.
They were served without salsa (?
) and so once you got the few toppings off the top layer, you were left with a stack of chips and nothing to eat them with.
The pizza was very good.

Came here with work colleagues to find out there is no Happy Hour here on Fri & Sat.
But decided to give this place a try and ordered some of their Garlic Fries.
They came out lukewarm and had so much oil they were soggy.
No garlic taste at all.
The pizza we ordered we just average.
Food wise nothing special if not a little disappointing.
I personally wouldn't try this place again but if your looking to take the family out, your kids would have a blast.
There is a lot for them here and you can enjoy a beer.
Little pricey game wise too.

So I went there on 02/22 and was told at 8:45 that the wait would be an hour to bowl.
So ok we signed up and went to to have dinner.
Food was ok Nothing special but the garlic Fries were crap.
Nothing but oil on them.
Then at around 10:15 I went to ask how much longer and they said another hour.
WTF!
Finally had a lane at 11pm.
And the waitress after initially asking us for drinks never came back.
Place has potential but I wouldn't go back for a long time.

Wonderful place to host a birthday party!
We had our daughter's party here and everything went so smooth.
Bree was our party hostess and did an amazing job.
I can see where it would be a little pricey for a family to spend the afternoon playing games, bowling,ect, but I thought the party prices were very reasonable and well worth it.
All you have to do is show up and bring the cake.
Doesn't get much easier than that!

Fun family entertainment   Pizza was out quick.
Got reimbursed for bad photo booth  and the place was clean!

Was hesitant to try this place after reading the reviews but decided to hold my brother's 40th birthday there.
The service was amazing (thanks Katie and Sandy), the food and drinks were great.
There was something for everyone to do, kids were just as happy as the adults.
Would only go here for special occasions due to prices of events.
It is obvious this place is working hard on improving and we entirely enjoyed ourselves!

I always pass by this place and finally walked in to check it out.
I got a 35$ game card which came with an extra ten bucks.
That lasted my friend and I two hours of play time.
My favorite was the 3d shooting zombies game.
It's pretty intense.
The game comes with 3d glasses but one of the glasses were broken and cracked.
I hope that gets fixed soon.
Another game that's pretty cool was the battle royale pacman game!
It gets pretty intense with four players.
I also love the esthetic of this place.
The bowling balls were all color coordinated ad gives the place a really nice contemporary feel.

The MOST horrible service ever in the bowling area.
Got to our Lane and waited for one of the servers to come take our order.
After about 20 mins of waiting and still no server, I had to get up and flag one over myself.
She came over, took our order etc etc.
After waiting an hour, yes an HOUR.. and not even our drinks had come out but yet seeing everyone else around us getting their food, I finally got up and asked her about our order in which she insisted that it would only take a few more minutes.
Okay, understandable.
Maybe they're a little backed up in the kitchen?
Who knows.
Anyway, after about 15 more mins of waiting she comes over to our table and says "I'm sorry, but what did you guys order again?
" Uhhh are you kidding me???
I proceeded to tell her and she tells me to just come with her to the register where she puts in my lane number and come to find out there is NO order even inputted into the system under that lane.
I asked her if my order was even put in and she assured me that it was and that somebody else probably took my food by mistake.
She told me that it would only take 10 mins at the most and everything should be out.
At this point, you can imagine how irritated I already am but I go back to my table anyway and continue to wait.
Finally, about 15-20 mins later, the food comes out.
I ordered the blt Cobb salad and she looks at me and says, "oh, did you need silverware?
" Why of course not.
I was actually planning on eating my salad with my fingers.
Like really?????
Took her another 5 mins to bring over the silverware and by this time, I honestly lost my appetite.
I have never experienced such awful service before.
For the amount of money I spent there today, I expected way more.
That experience alone is enough to make me not return.
Btw, the garlic fries are disgusting!
They came out practically soaked in oil and looking like they were 3 day old fries that they reheated in the microwave.
No thanks!

So I received an email from Main Event's management promising a gift certificate.
I figured I would give them another shot.
It's been 3 weeks still no certificate.

I can here with some colleagues for a corporate outing.
This place has something for everyone -- bar, restaurant(s), pool table, "jungle gym", arcade, the shuffling game, and of course bowling.
It's spacious, clean, and modern.
The bowling lanes are plentiful as are the balls.
The staff seemed to be pretty attentive, especially considering the size of the group.
Downside is that I can see this place getting expensive fast.
And the food is so-so, but it's definitely great for a night out with friends where the focus is entertainment and not necessarily food/drinks.
Bonus they were giving out free pairs of socks.
Unheard of!

the kids liked it.
it was kind of expensive though.

Had a really fun time.
Purchased the unlimited pass.
Was able to bowl, play laser tag, and complete the ropes course several times over.
Good was average.
Beer was cold.
A good experience, overall.

I came here with a group of friends on a Tuesday night.
None of us have ever been here, so we really didn't know what to expect.
I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of things to do in such a small space.
There was a full bowling alley, loads of arcade games, a prize room, a laser tag room, a pizza place, and a bar.
I was a little put off by the price of one game of bowling, but the deal they had going on was great.
$9.95(I think) for all night bowling, rope course, and laser tag.
We were lead to our lane by a really nice  girl who helped us set up our game and sent our waitress over, who was also great.
The food was pretty good(for a place like this) and reasonably priced.
The boys all got a beer and had no complaints.
After a game of bowling we decided to try to play a game of laser tag.
You sign up and then wait until its your groups turn.
The sessions are 15 minutes long, which was enough time for us.
You can only be in an enclosed space full of smoke and body odor for so long.
It was a lot of fun, except for when the group of 40 year old men ganged up on me and my friends.
We're all pretty tiny, and obviously no match for this huge group of guys chasing us around.
But there wasn't much the staff could have done about that.
So it was a good time, why only two stars?
Before signing up for laser tag we asked to do the rope course first.
The girl running the booth told us the employee who was suppose to be manning the rope course got sent home early.
Ok?
After our game of laser tag we sat down by the bar area and began a game of pool.
We look over to the rope course, and wouldn't you know, there's a group of about 10 people up on the course.
We assumed they found someone to run it, and headed over to get in line.
I had to stop at the front desk to ask for my bowling shoes back sense I was wearing sandals.
The girl working it asked what I needed them for, and I told her we were doing the rope course.
She said ok, and then me and my friend went over to the guy who we assumed was working the course sense he was wearing a harness.
The first thing I see is him with his fingers in the belt loops of another employee, the one who told us it was closed.
He then proceeds to tell us that the only reason that group was up there was because they "bitched to the manager"" and had it opened up.
However we weren't allowed to go up there, even though its only about 11:30 and we technically had 30 minutes to do what ever we wanted to.
So he turns back to his lover and they continue canoodling.
I walk back to the front desk to return my shoes, and the girl that gave them to me and her manager are standing there.
I told her that the employee said it was closed , and she looks at her manager before turning to me and says "yeah I told you that you guys only had a few minutes.
" No, you did not tell me that.
Don't try to cover up your mistake in front of your manager.
I really didn't appreciate being lied to.
If not for the terrible customer service I would definitely recommend the Main Event.
If you don't mind being lied to then its a fun place to go.

This place is new so it's very clean and quite spacious.
It doesn't seem to have as many games as Dave & Busters, but I like it for it's clean atmosphere and hardwood flooring.
There is also a bowling alley there $34/hour plus $3.50 to rent shoes.
So it can get pricey - 6 people max to a lane.
They also have a slew of tables to host birthday parties and a nice pizza restaurant, too.
The hubs takes our son to Dave & Busters often and said though this place is cleaner, D&B is much cheaper and has more variety for games.
We probably won't go here that often as it is quite a drive for us but were meeting friends there this particular day.

Fun place for the kids.

I have driven past this place a few times and had no idea what it was until I popped in  yesterday to check it out.
Comparing to say, Dave & Busters, it has about 30% of the games, but also has a bowling alley and billiards in addition to the food and full bar.
Sunday through Thursday they have free billiards until 7, so of course I took advantage of that with a bucket of beer.
The help was friendly, and the place is still relatively new so everything is clean (for the most part).
I don't think I would come back to pay full price for anything here, but if it's happy hour or a promotion I could swing it for sure.
It's only a couple of blocks from where I work so it's possible this will happen sooner than later.
I munched on the southwestern egg rolls and chicken quesidilla - both were ok but neither knocked my socks off.
Still, totally worth checking out if and when the price is right!

My nieces had been wanting to try this place and after seeing the April/May deal, we decided to go last night about 6:30 pm.
It was buzzing with kids, teenagers and families which was exactly what was expected.
There was a long line to get to the counter where she was very nice but you can only get a wristband from her.
So, in order to bowl, do laser tag or play on the gravity ropes, you have to go across the whole place to get signed up on a list.
We were quoted an hour to bowl, laser tag was quoted at 8:45 and the ropes were booked til 10.
Great...now what?
So, we asked the girl working the winners circle, which is where you go sign up for everything else, how the arcade games work.
Alexa told us that for 9.95, we could have unlimited games.
We were like...oh neat!
So, we went back up and the young man up there said that it was 9.95 for 20$.
Totally makes more sense but when she originally gave us our card, it had 40$ on it.
Confusing as he'll.
They should tell you how long the waits are when you buy your wristband.
I had enough money to keep us entertained but if they were there on their own, their allowance would have run out in the 1st 30 min.
Every game was at least a dollar to play.
Ridiculous.
After an hour and a half, I spoke to a manager and said we were quoted an hour to bowl, it's been an hour and a half.
Can we just have our money back and lo and behold!!
Our name was called next.By now , it was 8:15-8:30   and we bowled 1 game and left.
Its a very confusing system, and I think the management should have someone who knows what they're going at the winners circle which is the only register that needs constant attention and multi tasking skills.
Nobody looked happy to work there.
Also, my niece loves those claw machines and on the bling king one where you could win a watch or bracelet etc...was a total piece of junk.
The claw didn't even close, not even a little bit.
The other one, wouldn't close all the way.
Crappy equipment, under trained staff, long wait times and managers who don't see any of this.....bad business.

Our first time here, came with a few of my buddies.
We were checking out the place, it's huge with a lot of things to do.
You would think that the bowling or laser tag hostess will be social and talk to everyone but instead they are rude and like to only socialize with one another.
Our server Josh was really nice however, he changed the experience.
He was really patient with us, but the bowling host didn't explain anything to us, just told us what the price was and sent us on our way and not to mention she wasn't too nice, same with the obstacle course and laser tag host.
We traveled a long way to see this place and only had one good experience.

My sweet pea has been wanting to go for a while now so we met Sarah H and Dan H here last night for some fun.
I got my sweet pea the $10 bracelet for attractions and the $20 game card for $10.
We had a lot of fun playing laser tag and walking on the Sky Trail.
My sweet pea even "won" a watch and two necklaces with the grabby hand game!
My only complaints would be that the happy hour isn't happy at all, just a couple if drinks and no food specials and the bowling filled up with leagues and there was a long wait list so we couldn't bowl and the attractions bracelet included it so I kind of felt like we couldn't do something we paid for.
All in all, pretty good though and we will be back.

Went here with my work team for a team outing and we had a ton of fun!
Just be careful though because this place has potential to be a little bit of a money pit.
Some of the arcade games are a little expensive to play and you can blow through $40 in a matter of a few minutes.
The laser tag was tons of fun even though I got hurt playing it.
Hey, at least I won the round.
Haha.
There are lots of things to do here including karaoke, eating, arcade games, laser tag, and suspension lines.
It's a lot of fun and great for small-large groups, birthday parties, etc.

I thought this place was great.
The people working here were very nice and helpful, the place seemed very clean, and it was large without being overwhelmingly large.
Will return!

This place was cool!
The bummer is I got a skin infection from the laser tag.
I will say right now, I doubt i'll go back, and i'm probably only one of a few.
It still had to be said though, my trip to the ER wasn't worth being quiet about.

3 Stars!
Yep, that's it.
It averages out, well...on the lower side when I round down, and here's why:  - The atmosphere is a 5.
It has a nice setup and it's still fairly clean (most places tend to become filthy after they've been open a few months).
- The life-size games (Connect Four, Ms. Pac-Man) are an easy 5.
Old school games bring back childhood memories, and adult for that matter.
- Laser Tag is a 2 at best.
Give me something to REALLY do while I'm running around a dark room.
I think they could've done better here.
Wow!
- The food...ehh..I'll give it a solid 3, it's nothing to brag about.
- Drinks...must I go there?
Holy cow!
I'm only giving it a 2 due to my Stella Artois on tap!
I just had the same rita made 3 times due to the sweet n sour, or lack there of.
It's siphoned through the soda machine spray, so you KNOW what that means.
Yes!
It's watered down with that good ole Arizona non-filtered tap water!
WTF?!
First two were crystal clear, almost like water.
I had to ask was there any Grand Marnier in the darn thing.
It was watery, so she took it back.
Next one was even worse.
Third one, absolutely awful.
Shoulda got a Stella Artois on tap to begin with!
Man!

My hubby took me here for one of our date days...but the only reason why we were able to go was because of the deal they are having for May and June.
For $20 you can get a bracelet worth $40 in game play or you get can get unlimited play for the laser tag/bowling/sky rope course/pool...but only during the 4-hour slot from either 11-4 or 5-9.
We had thought it was unlimited every thing.
Meh.
We decided to get the video games bracelet because we didn't want to just play bowling, pool, and laser tag when we could have done that elsewhere for cheaper.
They do have a fun variety of games...the best being those that are app games like a huge Fruit Ninja and Temple Run.
It's too bad the freaky 3-D zombie game only had one set of 3-D glasses...because it could have been much scarier.
Main Event also has the typical games you could find at Dave and Busters, so we played several of those as well.
We didn't have any of their food or drinks.
But this is a new facility that is pretty clean...for now.
I would have preferred just going to D&B because of the no kids allowed after a certain hour.
It was a bit of a pain to try to and wait for certain games and have kids cut in front of you.
I doubt we will be going back since outside of the deal we got it's pretty dang expensive.

I was really surprise at how fun and cool this place turned out to be.
Spacious and open, you don't feel like you're tripping over the little peanuts.There's plenty to keep the kids entertained from the interactive games to the mesmerizing moving floor.
With a very well stocked bar, there's pool and bowling to keep you from going stir crazy.
Food was surprisingly good and moderately priced.
The bowling was definitely my fave part because of the animated cartoons in between each player.
Pure utter entertainment.
Love seeing your personalized selfies become animated clips of "cheer squad.
" If I wasn't in my sundress, I would recommend strapping on the harness and doing the obstacle course so you get a bird's eye view of everyone below.
Definitely coming back as a group outing or family get together; on side note, perfect for teambuilding event too.

Horrible, terrible service.
Reserved and prepaid for 4 lanes for a bday get together.
Did not see a server for an hour despite six different  members of the party asking employees if we could order drinks and food.
The staff kept saying they would send some one right over.
Never happened.
Never going there again.

The idea and set up is great and the food is what you'd expect.
Went there with the family along with another family; total of 6 kids.
We bought the kids tickets to the Gravity ropes and only after we purchased the tickets they told us that the wait is 2 hours!
Since we got there for Dinner at 730pm and the place was pretty empty we wondered why?
Long story short they refunded out money and alowed the kids to go on it for 3 mins.
On a seperate day my son went with his baseball team (12 years old) at around 11am on a week day.
Six of the boys wanted to play billards and one employee directed my wife to go to the bar and get the billard balls, as she headed that way she noticed no one was there so she went back and told the original employee who replied "you'll just have to wait.
"  It took 15 mins to get someone to the bar to reach under the counter and give her the equipment.
Laser tag and bowling are loads of fun as well as the coin games.
It can and is pricey but when the weather is hot... it's not a bad place to have kids run around and do something other than stay home and play video games.

My company had a team-building event here.
The service, food, and drinks were great.
We had a great time bowling and playing laser tag.
The bowling area is very clean, and we liked the option to have our pictures on the screen for each person's turn.
The laser tag area was larger than I expected.
We probably looked ridiculous to the kids playing in there, but we loved it.

