I have known Troy for over ten years and every patient I have met raves about his skills as a chiropractor.
I can't imagine finding a better deal for such a professional level of treatment.
Troy's also very friendly and happy to answer all your questions.
$25???
Thank me later!

I hurt my neck yesterday and couldn't move at all.
Instead of just sitting at home and waiting to get better I went and got checked out by Dr.Troy.
When I left there I was feeling 100% better and was able to go back to work.
Thanks Dr Troy!

$25 Chiropractic is good for people who may be on a budget, or might be new to this sort of healing and are looking to have an adjustment.
I found Troy to be very professional and noticed positive results after my appointments with him.
I would recommend this business to people looking for an adjustment and or the help of a chiropractor.

I was a little skeptical at first.
I don't enjoy any service where my body is messed with, such as Chropractic, message, Etc.
Dr.
Troy Counselman was very friendly.
He made me feel comfortable and the adjustments felt good!
I love how quick this appt.
is!!
I will continue to see Dr.
Troy for my adjustments.
Tank you Dr.
Troy.

I stopped my and saw Dr Troy this afternoon.
This is the type of service I like.
No hassle, fast reliable service.
Dr Troy listened to where my problem areas were, adjusted me, and I was out the door.
I will be back.

I had terrible hip and back pain for a long time and decided to try $25 Chiropractic to see if it would help.
After only a few adjustments I'm starting to feel much less pain with much better movement.
I HIGHLY recommend Dr Troy & $25 Chiropractic!!
Very professional, very effective!

I have been going to Chiropractors for the last 7 years .
Due to long distance driving , continuous  wrong driving  posture , without stretching like I should be will for sure bring your back /body out of total alignment .
Which can lead to other health problems .
Chiropractors are definitely the place to go for natural healing.
By now I know the good ones and the bad ones .
The ones that care and the ones that just want  the dinero $$ .
I was on the level of ten of back pain , barely walking and hurt to sit down when I step into dr Troy counselman office .
He immediately greeted me with a friendly smile and I could tell he was ready to help me .
His prices are very reasonable .
25 $ now that's worth every penny .
Especially the way I'm feeling now after a few visits from him .
Yes his office is not super fancy but all that is just more on your pockets .
All that's needed is an adjustment table .
Not a huge staff and fancy couches .
If you are in pain and suffering like i was i would highly recommend calling this practice and making an appointment..
Better yet do I what I did just walk in and walk out feeling great !!!!

I've been to chiropractors my whole life and have had great experiences with it.
Troy really listened to my ailments and provided great chiropractic care.
The whole experience was pleasant, from his basic, calming office in the heart of downtown to his no hassle, caring attitude.
I'll definitely be back!

When I found out that my chiropractor of 4 was retired about 6 months ago, I was pretty devastated.
Because he was a family friend that adjusted out of his home office, I figured I would never find another chiropractor who was as convenient and flexible as he was (he sometimes would adjust me in the evenings or weekends and I rarely needed an appointment).
Not to mention he only charged me $20/visit!
I was completely spoiled and hated the idea of dealing with a traditional dr. office experience where you usually feel like a number rather than a person.
However, I knew I needed to find someone before my aches and pains started to come back from misalignment.
I would've just been happy to find someone that I was comfortable with and who could adjust with the level of strength and precision that I was so accustomed to.
I had tried a Healthsource office, but was not impressed.
Not only did I not like the way the doc adjusted me, I didn't love how much upselling was going on all of the time.
I just wanted a good adjustment, nothing else.
I heard about Dr.
Troy's $25 chiropractic concept that is designed to be simple, hassle free care...
I gave it a shot and simply could not be happier!
He's very professional, the adjustment feels just like what I'm used to and on top of that I now continue to enjoy the convenience, flexibility and simplicity that I had with my unique situation before Dr.
Troy.
I strongly recommend $25 Chiropractic to anyone who is looking to keep things simple without compromising quality.
Thank you Dr.
Troy!

I travel to Phoenix very often for business.
The long flight tightens my back up and when it does I have to go to a chiropractor.
Having to be in the downtown area I thought it would be difficult to find a chiropractor.
After a quick internet search I found Dr.
Troy.
Not only is his office convenient, its very affordable too.
Now o each of my trips to Phoenix, Dr.
Troy is my first stop before my work begins.
Thanks Doc !

Easy to find, plenty of parking on the street mid-day, online appointment scheduling and "paperwork", a GRRRREAAT!
adjustment AND only $25~???
Nothing could have made this experience any better.
I highly recommend it!

Saw Dr Troy again yesterday and I always feel great afterwards.
Quick, thorough,  and professional Dr Troy has improved my ability to stay in shape physically and mentally.

Easy to make a appointment and really takes the time to get to know your issues and work on a solution that will get you back on your feet and not just coming back to him for more.
I trust him in and his knowledge.

