Brand new and close to my home, I love Which Wich, you can't go wrong with any sandwich choice.

Welcome to the hood, Which Wich!
You are a welcome addition to our lunch line up.
How it works: a station of paper sandwich bags is up front.
Pick your wich: vegetarian, beef, ham, chicken, seafood, or the wicked (many meats and cheeses!).
Choose the corresponding bag and check the boxes on the bag for the toppings of your choice.
There are many unique toppings to choose from, all the standard stuff plus olive salad, carmelized onions, dried cranberries, spicy sauces...
The list is huge!
Most are free of charge.
Take your bag up to the cashier and check out!
The verdict: good stuff!
We especially liked the house chips.
The bread was pretty average.
A few toppings got lost in translation from bag to sandwich maker, I'll attribute that to this being a new restaurant.
It's a bit noisy inside so we preferred their patio seating.
Good new spot!
I'll be back!

So after trying out a Which Wich in LA and then seeing one in Glendale.
I was very excited to see a brand new one opening in the shopping center next to the Men's Warehouse at Tatum Blvd & Shea.
I love their concept of pick your sandwich choice from the assorted options, write out your preferences on the paper bag numbered for your choice and then they make it up for you fast and fresh.
These sandwiches are delicious!

FINALLY a Which Wich in my neighborhood.....I mean things just keep getting better and better within striking distance of my Apartment.
There are ALWAYS new Establishments being opened in my hood and this is one of the best things to come.
I mean you get your bag.....select your toppings......bread.....condiments.....etc.....hand the bag to the cashier......pay for it......wait very shortly......and walk out.
I mean it doesn't get any better and the customer service is awesome.
Let me also mention it is in a prime location near the intersection of Tatum and Shea Blvd.....and the place is simply immaculate.
If your ever in my hood and want a REALLY GOOD sandwich pay Which Wich a visit.
Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!

Great concept.
Have it your way...wait...where have I heard that before....Which wich has my vote- hot or cold sandwiches however you want it.
My sandwich is a ham with mayo, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, cucumbers and avocado on a wheat roll.
Only complaint was the roll was not that great.
I see that they are offering Amoroso's rolls for their cheesesteaks but you have to pay $2 more.
Amoroso's as anyone from back east knows- they are the NINJA of rolls.
Next time I 'll try them to see how authentic they are.

They have so many options to choose from it almost made my head hurt, but then I thought about how convenient that is.
I loved the process of customizing your sandwich before hitting the counter and the options to choose a bowl or lettuce wrap.
Great concept and it works!

Love the idea of marking up your own bag--like Sacks but without the hassle of asking, "What comes on that?
" I really enjoyed my sandwich (Club) and will definitely come back to try the malt.

I was warned this place wasn't great, but I LOVE SANDWICHES!
I should have listened.
We ordered 3 sandwiches for a work lunch and every single order was wrong.
We ordered 2 milkshakes and they overflowed the cups so chocolate shake was dripping all over and we had to ask for them to wipe the cup.
I won't go back unless someone lets me know it's now amazing.
Went back a few months later and had a completely different experience.
Edited from 2 to 3 stars.

My first time at this place and it was awesome!
The sandwich special for the month was a Shrimp Po'Boy with Voodoo kettle chips and had the perfect southern Cajun taste.
Really like the $3 PBJ sandwiches they have, which they donate a new sandwich to the 'PBJ Project'!

Great concept and plentiful choices.
As a vegan I appreciate the vegan options when making my selections.
I ordered a veggie sandwich that met my dietary needs.
I was nearly finished with my sandwich when I  found several pieces of bacon in it.
I told the woman behind the counter who said they must have flipped some pieces in by mistake when assembling it.
She did not offer me any type of compensation nor did she apologize.
It made a poor first impression.

Eh.
Was ok, definitely not as superior as the guys behind the counter proclaimed it would be.
Having a wider selection of toppings doesn't equate to a better sandwich.
Still liking Potbelly the best for flavor and atmosphere.
The ordering process seems a bit gimmicky but if it saves times waiting for others to figure out what to ask for, then its ok I guess.
I liked the choice of 3 sizes for the bread.

Tried it a few months later and changed from 2 to 3 stars.
Getting better.
Will try it again.
Milkshakes are amazing!!

Fast service and great sandwiches.
You can design your sandwich anyway you want with lots of choices of toppings, veggies and dressings.

