Well what do you know, Arizona Mills Mall took out all the chain food places one would find in any given mall and replaced them with no named places.
I was starving and at the mall so I decided to give Far East Asian Fire a try.
Now I really really hate that this would be there 1st review, but maybe things will get better after it.
When you walk up, you see items displayed, they do not look that enticing but you find out quickly they are just for display, not for eating, you can order what you want by looking at, and it will be cooked fresh for you.
Great concept right?
Well maybe, maybe not.
I went with a 3 item combo, ordered pepper beef & chicken with green beans with a veggie low mein.
Since they cook your food after you order, do not expect this to be fast food like Panda Express, I was lucky and got to wait even longer because they messed up my order and had to redo it!
They did apologize for the wait, but at that point I was already over this place.
Granted they have been there maybe for 2 months, but they don't seem to have their act together, and gawd forbid if it's a lunch hour rush with only one person cooking, expect to wait!
Lets start with the pepper beef, the bell pepers where fresh, in fact somewhere still raw, the beef not every tender at all, was more like the ends of a tuff beef skirt cut.
The chicken with green beans not bad, but not good either.
The veggie low mein the noodles were completely over cooked and it tasted like mush.
And my mushy meal cost me close to ten bucks and I didn't have a drink.
Not the best bang for my buck.
I wasn't impressed with the lunch I ordered and my return factor is very low, unless they catch me on a starving, must eat now day!!!
But even then I will have to remember I will have to wait 15 minutes for my fast food haha.

We were starving, it looked quick, semi healthy and cost effective.
It was none of the fore mentioned...
The meat and vegetables are simply the lowest quality you can get.
Panda Express would be a huge step up and that's sad.
$17 wasted, should have stayed hungry.

Food is alright for mall food.
People are not that friendly, and how do you run out of rice on a weekday at around 2pm.
I asked the girl why, she said "It gets busy, we run out of rice.
" Ridiculous!

Yelp really needs to add a 0 star.
Their food is garbage.
I guess it's a good thing their servings are small which is why I did not feel guilty throwing the rest of it away.

Not very Asian if you ask me.
The food was greasy and salty even for mall food.
Most of it was soggy and the vegetables didn't even have a crunch or crisp to them.
The 2 entrée plate was not worth the $7.00 paid.
Even my kids did not want to eat it and they love Panda Express.
This place, however does not even come close in comparison.
I'm sad that after the remodel, they did not return.
I will not eat here ever again.
If I wanted grease I should have gone to Church's Chicken a few spots over.

