On September 19,2013 I brought my truck to Royalty Auto Service 2, 6740 W. Cheyenne Ave Las Vegas NV 89108.
I had them service my truck and add new fluids, I took my car and thinking everything was done properly, I paid $249.18.
A little over a week my car would die in the middle of the road so I took it back to them on October 3, 2013 and had them preform a diagnostic test which cost $40, they had told me that the problem is electrical problems and wiring and would cost another $1200 to fix.
I decided to wait because I did not have that kind of money right away.
On November 8,2013 my mom brought a mechanic to look at my car, her mechanic said I had no fluids in my car and the electrical and wiring is fine.
I went in today, December 11, 2013 and confront them about their services and that I want a refund.
I had told them that they even preformed a diagnostic test and they didn't even notice their was no fluids.
Royalty Auto then proceeded to tell us their diagnostics was wrong, and they had looked at the car on November 8, 2013.
I did not know he was the same mechanic my mom brought to look at the car again, I found out today.
He told me he was wrong about the electrical problem and that IF the lines are blocked the fluids would not be able to... which I stopped him and told him I paid for a service which I did not get so I want my money back, if not I will report you to business bureau.
He told me to go ahead and report them and game me my receipts.
The same mechanic admitted that the diagnostic was wrong which is why I wanted a refund, and I paid them to add fluids to my car and they did not, if they would have put the fluids in, maybe my car wouldn't have broken down again and wouldn't have to pay for the diagnostics.

I took my 2009 Dodge charger in because it wall stalling out..
They took a look at it and found the issue..
I got a tune up,oil change $14:)) and they replaced a coil that was bad and threw in a fuel injection cleaning for FREE!!
I am very HAPPY with the service I received and the price was GREAT!!
I have found my neighborhood mechanic!!
I will be returning and sending anyone I know to Royalty Auto Services!!!
Thank you, Lance P.

After 10 years of living in Vegas I have found a reliable and HONEST shop.
Since a bad experience last year with Pepboys, i've been coming here for anything and everything.
They don't care how tedious the job is or how big.
They take care of it.
Great prices on oil changes and alignments.
They charged me not even half the price that pepboys quoted me to put on lift supports.
I've recommended friends  here and they always taken care of them.
Their prices are fair and cheaper than other shops, esp since they don't try to add on all these other BS problems.
If youre looking for an honest shop that isnt out to take all your money, go here.
I've had my car in several times for repairs and maintenance and I don't have anything but respect for these folks.
Tammy at the desk knows her stuff in and out and she will do anything to get your car to you running safely without making have to cry over your bill.

I like how employees, co workers, and friends of this business are creating yelp accounts and writing how great of a service they get.
This all happens after my post.
It's all fake, it's all bs, don't believe them.
This is exactly the kind of reaction I expect from this place!

