Had the pleasure of eating at Virtu last Saturday night.
The food was beautifully presented and was delicious.
We were a group of 7 so we sat outside at the community table.
We each tried different dishes and everyone loved them-Duck, Scallops, Flat Iron Steak and Halibut.
We made room for desserts which were also great.
I'd recommend it!

Food is beautifully prepared and wonderfully delicious.
Charming, intimate spot.

Had business brunch today.
The Tortilla Espanola was just like Mom used to make.
My guest had the sliced duck sandwich.
Looked great (I'm sure it tasted just as good.
Didn't think it was good idea to ask for a bite.
Service was great.
Must come back for dinner and try some great Spanish dishes.
Kudos to Chef Gio and his staff.
Much success going forward.

I was excited to try Virtu and finally did with my cousins today for brunch.
Walking up, you can't miss the outside patio with a nice ambiance.
It was a beautiful day, so we sat outside - unfortunately it got warm fast, so we moved inside.
Started with a Enza | Prosecco and a Apple cocktail from the drink list - which was perfectly made.
We ordered the berry parfait to start and it was okay - but, it was enough to share.
I ordered the frittate di pasta and they were kind enough to make it vegetarian, it came with a cup of fruit.
My cousin ordered the classic crepe and when it arrived, it was HUGE.
My other cousin ordered the smoked duck and she loved it!
So why only 3 stars?
I didn't enjoy my dish and my cousin didn't enjoy the crepe.
The skillet was pipping HOT, the food never cooled down, it just continued to release steam with each bite.
It was too bland and wouldn't order it again.
I left hunger unfortunately.
The crepe had a ton of ham, so if you like pork, this dish is for you.
Maybe dinner offers a better selection.

Ordered a dish off the very descriptive menu without pine nuts as one of our party had a severe allergy.
Dish arrived with pine nuts.
When asked why this was not described on the menu, considering every other element of the dish was, the waitress informed us that it was our responsibility to inform her of any allergies.
She took the dish and charged us for it anyway!
We did not argue as we needed to leave urgently to get some benadryl.
The General Manager was informed and was non-responsive.
An otherwise beautiful evening ruined by horrible customer service and a general lack of concern for the "experience" part of dining.

Fantastic dinner.....again.
Octopus was fabulous as it was the first time I had it.
But the Buratta with almond honey might have taken the cake for the starter which says a lot because I crave the Octopus.
The pork Saltimboca was flat out ridiculous.
I really thought with a brine and then prosciutto wrap would make it too salty, but it was far from that.
It was perfect didn't need anything.
The potatoes were unique because They looked like fries sautéed with veg, but the crispy leeks on top added the slight crunchy texture that helped break up the richness of everything else in dish.
I'm a huge eater I think they could've dialed back the veg and potato on the dish.
My date had the Carbonara.
I'm not a fan of it because it's really a romantic dish.
Although the ingredients are simple, it's the chef's relationship with the product that makes it amazing.
This was one of the most fantastic I've ever tried.
Did I like it?
No.
But the execution was perfect.
There was a small but of white wine and very little cream and the egg created layers over and over.
It wasn't swimming in sauce and I love that.
Again, it was the execution of the dish that made it great.
I just don't like carbonara.
I wasn't excited about the dessert menu but daddy needs his sugar.
The affogato was tremendous, but the olive oil shortcake was brilliant.
They macerated the strawberries with a touch of brand but it was more complimentary than predominant.
But the cake was so incredible and super functional.
I could be served with anything.
My only complaint would be where we sat.
We were sat on the patio right next to a table that got sat exactly at the same time as us.
They complained about everything and we were subjected to listen to them complain openly about everything, then complain to the server, and when he offered to redo or get them something else, they'd refuse and then sit there and complain again.
Keep in mind that we sat at 5:15 and there was nobody else around.
I'm happy they are busy, but sitting us next to people simultaneously in an empty restaurant makes it tough to be able to really enjoy your company.
We literally were sharing our dining experience with them and their attitude and pettiness was really annoying.
Next time,  if they sit us next to a table at the same time, I will ask to be sat elsewhere and if the say no again, I will probably leave.
But I won't dock them for it because what they are doing is special, but they also need to keep in mind that absolute no opens themselves up to negative reactions.

My husband and I decided to check out the new kid in town that has been getting so much of attention on media, excitement from our friends and a nod from James Beard.
We got there early and were blown away by the pretty courtyard with lovely lanterns and pleasing plants all over.
We sat at the bar waiting for our table and had the most interesting conversation about bitters and how to make them from scratch  with Dante- a charming bartender.
I had their version of the old fashioned and hubby tried their Moroccan mojito.
Both were just out of this world!
After we were seated outside in the pretty courtyard, we decided to challenge the chef by sending word that we were vegetarians and we liked spicy food.
Again, we were blown away.
The burrata and spring salad had a major kick to it.
And our main course- couscous and roasted vegetables bursting with flavors and textures left us quiet and in a trance for the rest of the dinner.
We are certainly coming back.
Can't wait to exchange secret ingredient notes with Dante and challenge the talented chef all over again.

Went to Virtu Honest Craft twice last week - and both times had a fabulous experience.
On Wed night, sat at the bar and had some phenomenal cocktails while talking mixology with the very friendly and knowledgeable bartender.
Each of the complex drinks was perfectly balanced and was made with fresh, high quality ingredients.
We also had a wonderful dessert.
The service was so comfortable and cordial..... so we returned for brunch Fri morning and WOW!!!
The food was so creative, so well presented - and the flavors were simply amazing.
We have eaten at many restaurants in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area over the years - but none can beat this place.
A must go if you're a cocktail-loving foodie!!

I wouldn't go again because:  Flies- Flies everywhere and landed on food throughout meal (I counted 9 that I could see in our section).
When I asked for them to do something they said it's because there's an olive tree outside.
Regardless of landscaping outside I don't like it to effect my indoor dining.
Service- waitress (Ana) wasn't pleasant and had a minor attitude when I asked questions about bringing our apps out (I saw them on the counter for 10 mins before asking her about it).
Waitress slightly over poured my wine at the bar and she poured it back in the bottle before serving to me.
Food:  1 star: duck confit bennie- duck was super dry 2 star: classic crepe- huge portion but crepe was thicker than typical "French crepe"  3 star: pork rillete- pork itself was tasty w pickled sides but bread was burnt 3 star: burrata; well served w salad 5 star: cup of fresh fruit drizzled w honey (came w bennie and not something you cook)  Price: standard prices compared to San Francisco brunch; not sure how to compare to Phoenix pricing

Visited with a large group for "Restaurant Week".
We were able to sit on the patio which I highly recommend if the weather is decent as it is tree covered which makes it very intimate,.
The service was simply amazing.
Everything was prompt and all the dishes were explained very well.
The drink menu is nice, try the Margarita, made with chiles and awesomely spicy.
The wine list is decent with some reasonable options.
Being restaurant week we were able to sample much of the menu.
The burrata was a stand out as were the lamb polpettes.
The flat iron Steak as an entree was amazing as was the pork chop was amazing fried in crispy polenta.
This was one of our favorite experiences for all the big "friend dinners" we have done.
The staff, ambience and food was just wonderful.
Esquire Magazine rated Virtu as one of the top ten new restaurants in the country and it is not hard to see why.
Even with all that the prices are completely reasonable, especially for Scottsdale.
We simply loved it and will return soon!

Please don't ever close -- you'll be missed.
Had the pleasure of dining here during Restaurant Week and the food and the service and the atmosphere and the drinks all lived up to the hype.
Every course was done well -- nothing complex or overly worked, just great ingredients and simple presentation.
This is the type of place that makes a city "world class" and should be on everyone's "must" list for the year.

A real find in #Scottsdale: Unlike the over-showy or underwhelming restaurants that most visitors and locals frequent out of force of habit, Virtu Honest Craft is just a year-old and is showing up all the rest under the direction of its little known chef and owner.
GIO Osso who creates high art and flavor explosions with his exquisite gift of "Italian modern" cuisine at his new Virtu Honest Craft.
Worth the trip to Scottsdale just for this delicious gift to humankind!

Oh my goodness.
I have been wanting to try this restaurant for ages and we finally got it on our schedules to meet up with some good friends.
The service was impeccable.
The waitress was so knowledgeable and helpful.
We ordered 3 starters: the octopus, asparagus, and house cheese board.
They were all so delicious we nearly licked the plates clean.
Our entrees were the duck, the scallops, and the fish.
All so incredibly flavorful.
It has only been a day and I'm dying to go back!

