Used their take out services - pizza and spaghetti.
Both were terrible.
Took a few bites and threw the rest away.
What a waste of good money

Beautiful place.
Hour to get our food after watching people come in-eat-and go...  Lame

We arrived a little after 6 on the Friday after Thanksgiving.
It was also very soon after this location opened.
Although we were told we had a 30 - 35 minute wait, we waited over an hour.
There were 7 of us, however.
We have long been fans of Spinato's pizzas.
They have been our go-to, locally-owned pizzeria.
The remodel of this outdated building is great.
They really did a fabulous job with the design.
The patio with fireplace is great.
We also enjoyed the expanded menu.
Prices are still reasonable, and the service was perfect.

Atmosphere was pretty, noisy though.
Bar area is nice.
Food was very good served very hot.
But had to wait a ling time for drinks ( they weren't that busy to warrant that).
Then after food was served had to wait for plates server forgot for eating Calzone.
The servers were all very pleasant but inept.
I ordered a pasta dish, $10.95.
I asked if it came with bread or salad, was told it did not that i would have to order bread separately, I did, and then when my pasta came it did include one piece of garlic toast.
Spinatos has always had great pizza.
In the future I probably won't go to dine in, but just get take out pizza.
Then I don't have to tip for service I didn't get.
I would just as soon go to Babbos for pasta and their unlimited yummy bread if I want to eat in.

Same great food just a new/better location.
If you're used to the location near 12th St and Glendale this is definitely an upgrade.
The restaurant is a lot bigger and can accommodate many more people.
I went for the first time last night and yet again had a great experience.
There was a lot of people so I had about a 20 minute wait.
I would recommend calling ahead to make a reservation.
Relaxed atmosphere huge bar and patio area.
Also this location has it's own take out area so you want be cluttered in the host area like the smaller location.

We have been going to the 12th Street/Glendale Spinatos for about 10 years -- since well before it was still a BYOB pizza joint years ago.
We were eager to share the new location with family visiting from Boston and Oakland, along with my elderly parents on the eve of my Dad's 81st birthday.
I know, you shouldn't go to a new restaurant in the first few weeks.
But this is Spinatos -- they have 5 restaurants with a hundred years of experience.
Surely they will open a restaurant right.
Right?
Wrong.
We were there the same night as RD above, the Friday after Thanksgiving.
This was a first week nightmare at the new Spinatos.
4:30 Called to alert them we had a group of 12 coming in an hour.
They don't take reservations yet, but was told it would not be a problem since they have lots of room.
5:30  We were told wait would be 20-25 mins.
Hmmm.
OK.
Went to the bar with our 12 (7 adults/5 kids) and had a drink.
6:10 40 minutes in.
Hostess said it'll be just more 10 minutes.
Just waiting for a party to pay.
Said we could go next door to order ahead to save time.
We did (turned out to be a bad move, b/c then we were "pot committed" to stay there....)  6:20:  50 minutes in.
Hostess again promised our table was almost ready.
I checked where she planned to put us and all the tables were occupied with new customers.
6:30:  1 hour in.
We finally got to speak with a manager.
He apologized profusely for their inept hostess staff that kept promising us tables that weren't there...Said it would be another 25 minutes.
7:00 90 minutes in.
Finally seated at a mishmash of different sized tables cobbled together in the back room.
Food that we had pre-ordered almost an hour before we were seated still took another 15 minutes to arrive.
Half our party had to leave as soon as the food got there.
We packed up the rest and left shortly afterwords.
EXTREMELY disappointing.
The kicker:  a table of 14 that got there AFTER us was seated BEFORE us.
"Why?
" I asked.
"Well, they called ahead" I was told.
Are you kidding me -- so did I, and you don't take reservations.
In the end, the manager's discounted our meal, and I tipped the servers well -- it wasn't their fault.
But mere money can't make up for a truly lousy experience -- on what was to be a big, happy, stress-free family dinner.
Spinatos:  Train your people to tell the truth and deal with mistakes quickly and honestly.
To paraphrase the Dread Pirate Roberts/Westley, "We are people of action; lies do not become us.

Best pizza in Phoenix.
I went there with a friend, granted we went on a Friday, but we waited 45 minutes, when we were told it would be 25-35 minutes for a table, only to be told we should probably just order at the bar.
I would hesitate to dine in again, and this was in the new location, which has easily triple the seating of the old one.

63.25for two pizzas and salad pretty freAking krazy?

Okay, open for a month...still needs help.
Short wait, beautiful decor...No light over our very loud bar table.
Got food, but where is the appetizer?
Oh, it didn't get put in!
Had seafood basilico, fresh seafood taste, not masked by the complete lack of spices.
Seafood broth/sauce completely flavorless...Better with the table spices added.
Wife had the vodka pasta Chicago style, she enjoyed it!
Waiter offered a free dessert,  we declined.
No discount,  no petks...not returning anytime soon.
As a Chicagoan,  always preferred Rosati's over Arullio's anyway!

The place is decorated amazingly but the food isn't all that great.
The food takes forever to make and they messed up twice on our order.
Shannon our server was very polite and nice except she never introduced herself , we read her name on her name tag.
Their ice cream isnt all that great but brownie is delicious

I really liked this new location and enjoyed the pizza as much as always.
I had the mushroom pizza and it was great, One my companions had a personal pizza and the consensus was that it had a digiorno like taste so stick with the medium pizza or larger.
Their homemade cookies are also delicious!

We get delivery all of the time!!
Never have been disappointed and our guests always love the pizza too!

New site at 7th st and Missouri looks spectacular.
Can't ask for a better looking building.
Food was great as usual from spinatos.
We ordered a side salad each with the main course being the meat pizza.
The side salad was a full bowl serving and if you are a light eater it is good to know that.
Since I am not a light eater I was happy to see it.
The pizza was very good but a little over sauced for my liking.
The flavor of pizza from spinatos is always great and has a sweet tang to the sauce.
This location is close to where my wife works and gives me another reason to travel down there.
We will be back for sure.

This will be a review only of their online take-out experience.
The pizza itself was fabulous, but I've reviewed it at another location.
This was my first time trying their online ordering system and their new location.
Perfect.
I ordered from the comfort of my home, and promptly (within 1 minute) received confirmation of my order, which said 45 minutes.
I showed up after 35 because I like to get my pizza hot, and sometimes those wait times are sandbagged.
The place was hopping, and I don't just mean the restaurant.
Even their take-out side was packed.
I was still greeted warmly when I entered, and waited upon promptly.
It wasn't ready yet, but she went back tithe kitchen and told me it would be no longer than 9 minutes.
Pretty specific, but it was absolutely correct.
The nice girl helping me even opened the pizza box to double check everything was in order.
They did this for everyone.
I appreciate that, because I hate getting home to find a mistaken pizza.
So do they.
The place was immaculate.
They just opened a month ago, sure, but the place was looking pristine.
The goodies in their bakery display looked pretty delicious as well.
I'll be ordering from them again.

Spinato's: Now better at nickel and dime-ing you than most airlines!
I was super excited that Spinato's had moved closer to my neighborhood and happily walked there a few weeks after their re-opening.
The new location is gorgeous and the outdoor seating area looks nice too.
Our food was fine, pretty good in fact.
The meatball appetizer is tasty and the pizza came out quickly.
The big problem came when we were presented our bill.
I ordered a regular pizza off of the menu but asked for the onions to be removed.
I was surprised to see that I had been charged for a custom "make your own" pizza, which cost three dollars more than the pizza I had ordered.
The waitress shrugged off our complaint as "that's our policy" so I had to escalate to a manager.
The manager was very polite and apologetic but insisted that this was the owner's policy: Any time a change is made to a pizza it has to be priced out at a higher per-ingredient price.
I argued that it was completely illogical to charge me more for something that actually had less ingredients but he suggested it was because the kitchen staff need consistency when something is ordered (evidently you can't  have it your way here without paying handsomely).
Naturally this fact is not printed anywhere on the menu.
After much arguing and a million excuses the price was resolved to our satisfaction but I left with a bad flavor in my house...and not from the pizza.
In closing.
Spinato's has good food but be careful of what you order.
With Oregano's and Pizza Heaven right around the corner there are plenty of better, safer choices and that's where I will be spending my money next time.

I ate at another location on W. Bell last August, and I can attest to the fact that both places pizza tastes the same:  slightly sweet.
So, if a somewhat sweet tomato sauce isn't your thang stay away from Spinato's.
However, it doesn't bother me, and I did love the meat pizza and the spinach one.
Which one was best would be like Sophie's Choice for me as I loved them both.
This location is very pretty compared to the other, but both are good.
I like Spinato's myself.
Good service, decent pizza.
AND the server even asked us what type of crust we liked, so you can get thick crust or thin or medium--whatever--which I never had before.
We had a Black guy who said he was an ex-Marine, but I didn't catch his name (Brandon?
Bradley?
), but he was excellent so the group tipped super well to him.
It was a gooooooo, and now I'm even fatter than I was this morning...LOL!
And I ate it all without a care about even one calorie...yeah, that good!

If it was JUST the food, the place would have 5 stars...hands down.
The staff seem a little disorganized and inexperienced.
They really need to get better training in there, to make their staff look more confident about what they're doing.
They are beyond sweet and helpful, but they have that look in their eyes like they've gotten caught in headlights.
Again...the food is TOTALLY worth it.

Went here tonight around 8/830 with my boyfriend for the first time to see what the rave was about.
From what I remember this was voted the best pizza in town so we decided to give it a try.
The location itself is beautiful and the menu has a variety of options to chose from.
We got the garlic bread with the marinara which was excellent.
We also ordered the combo pizza which was okay, but not anything special.
This place sits right between oreganos and Olive Garden in my book.
For such a nice building I was surprised to receive a plastic cup and a paper napkin.
The place was good but not enough to bring me back.
Our server was nice but never once checked in on us or offered anything else to us.
We asked for the box, check and dessert menu and had to request her to put our order in.
This place didn't do anything for me but I can say I've tried it.

I have eaten at four different Spinato's Pizza across the valley.
I am a big fan of their food and was excited for them when they opened on 7th Street because the building is prettier than their old 12th and Glendale location.
Yelp read my mind when it said, "Meh.
I've experienced better.
"    I ordered the Mama's signature pizza via delivery.
It is not my first time getting a delivery order from them, so I was shocked when I felt the bottom of the box dripping with oil.
I'm not exaggerating when I say the box looked like it had been floating on a pile of water before arriving at my house.
I took a bite of the pizza and was even more disappointed.
The crust was crumbling because it was loaded with grease.
If I knew their quality would go down this badly after the change in location, I would have written to the owners everyday to convince them to stay where they were.

The pizza was great for takeout medium pizza.
Ordered online and they said it would be ready in 30 min.....we got there at 35 and waited another 30 min, but it was Sat night and they were crazy busy.

I was impressed with the new location on 7th st.
I liked the wings but thought they could of been crispier.
My pizza was good as usual.

Very disappointed.
Maybe it was the fact that we didn't order pizza, but when your kids are disappointed-that's not good.
Portions are extremely small.
Stick with the pizza because the kids meals are sized for four year olds.
The kids ordered spaghetti and got less than a cup each.
The waitress suggested we BUY another meal for them.
The free scoop of gelato that came with the kids meal was smaller than the tablespoon they gave them to eat the dessert.
My wife and friends ordered the pizza which was ok.
I ordered a cup of soup and sandwich because I'm a little tired of eating pizza every week.
For nearly $4 I got a double shot of flavorless minestrone.
The sandwich was good but not for the prices we paid.
The new location is nice.
But the ambiance didn't make up for the portions, the wait, or the lackluster waitING staff and service.

Sooooo amazing.
We had a veggie pizza, and a spagetti calzone.
I cannot say how happy I am with the food.
We even got a pizza uncooked to go.
The service was amazing.
Would return any time.

Went for an evening dinner.
The restaurant was packed but we found the service poor, unknowledgable and food was so so.
We ordered the calzone and found them to be well cooked, but flat with not a lot of ingredients.
I usually expect a place like this to have a good selection of beer, but were out of two of the taps and had not gotten in any seasonal.
The IPA was very nice, but I would have liked to have more selection.

Fantastic food and service.
We held a surprise birthday lunch for one of our team members and the General Manager, food server Megan, and the rest of their team made sure it was a great success.
We were already fans.
MEB team members are now 'raving fans!
'  Thanks Daniel and Team.

Service was timely (we sat at the bar) otherwise it would've been a 35 minute wait for a table... eekk.
Pizza: fair price for its size.
The cheese may have been overcooked?
otherwise.
I ate that pie up.
Beer: must have been the end of the keg that might have been a bit old.
The brew itself was in my opinion too chilly and took away from the already maybe flat beer.
Girlfriends pasta was not terrible or exciting.
Kinda like watching the Macy's thanksgiving day parade...  Bartender was attentive and friendly.
Definitely a plus.
All in all, I live across the street and wanted some ZA so we took a chance and were given a decent experience and may one day come back.

I love this place, and although sad that they moved further away from my house, I am really happy for these guys in their amazingly large by comparison new restaurant with the separate take out door...such a great improvement over the 12th street mob scene.
We usually order pick up here and although the pizzas are a little pricey, they NEVER disappoint.
I am fan of the plain ol cheese pizza and these guys knock it out of the park.
I crave Spinato's cheese pizza and I love the Chicago square cut slices.
Always order these guys pie during a special occasion and I must say that I am hooked for life!
Keep up the great work guys!

Same story as most bad reviews on Spinato's.
We where excited to see them building such a nice restaurant on 7th street, literally watched the progress everyday as I drive past it on my way to work.
We finally found the time to go out to dinner for  my mother in laws birthday.
So we arrived at 6:45 on a Friday night expecting a long wait.
Wait time was 60 minutes (so they said) After an hour and thirty minutes we still had not been seated.
Did I mention we had three kids with us?
Not a very fun wait!
Finally we asked if we can go ahead and order our food and the young lady advised us to call in!!
WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!
SO after a very polite I don't think so you can get someone up hear to take our order.
Needless to say we where finally seated after a one hour and forty five minute wait.
Waitress could have cared less that we waited that long.
Pizza and salad was great as usual.
They need more large group seating.
Spinato's if your service was half as good as your new building you guys would rock it, stop the bleeding.
I really hope you can figure it out!

Spinato's is my favorite pizza in Phoenix!
The thin crust is the perfect thickness and the sauce is a bit sweeter than others.
We have tried some of their "specialty pizzas" with selected toppings and they were great.

The decor of this place is really lovely.
It feels modern, yet old-school Italian at the same time.
The pear and gorgonzola salad I got was really nice, I think it would've been perfect with the addition of some beets!
The only reason I give this place 3 stars and not 2 is because I liked the salad.
On the downside, the pizza wasn't great.
And for a place that is a pizzeria, that's pretty important.
The crust was thinner than I expected and didn't have a particularly nice texture.
It kind of felt like the crust on frozen pizzas.
Also the sauce was WAYYY too sweet.
Don't trust the reviewer who said the sauce is "slightly" sweet, it's SUPER sweet.
So much so that I wanted to eat more of my pizza, but also felt sick at the thought of trying to eat any more.

We ordered chicken Caesar salad that is among the worst I have experienced.
It was $ 19 dollars for a cereal bowl of bad lettuce, dressing, and the chicken was frozen and not grilled.
I would recommend you just eat their pizza.
The pizza sauce was sugary but the cheese and crust were decent.

This place is so crowded, my nephew and I waited for 20 minutes.
But it was worth the wait :)) I like the layout to this place.
Great vibe and my nephew had a blast here.
He said he liked how there's tv here.
Haha fyi, he's ten.
We ordered the basil and tomato bruschetta, as a appetizer.
It was delicious.. my nephew doesn't like tomatoes, but....He sure does now.
:) Our entrée, we ordered the mama SIGNATURE with mushroom pizza.
OMGGGG.
Oh yes.
the sauce on this bad boy was phenomenal, and the baby spinach on top was so goooood.
Anddddd the crust.
Whoooooooo.
Goood job.
It was heaven.
the holy cannoli and the cappuccino is a mustttt.
Service was okay.
:)  I shall be coming back

There was a 30 minute wait, so we decided to order from the to-go section next door.
There was a table right out front, so our party of four just sat and waited there.
They provided us with glasses of water while we waited.
Our pizza was ready 30 minutes later and we just ate at the table out front.
The pizza was delicious.
All-in-all, not a bad 45 minute visit that would have taken much longer if we would have actually waited to sit and order from a waitress.

Not good.
Service was not good.
Waiter didn't listen to our order and the pizza sauce was way too sweet.
Toasted divinci sandwich was good

This place is very very pizza.
Luckily for us we ordered takeout.
They said about 30 minutes for the large pizza and bread sticks I ordered.
We arrived at exactly 30 minutes (I was commuting from north scottsdale) and it was all ready and in their take out heating thing.
I likes the fact that there was a completely separate area for the take out patrons (you don't enter into the main dining entrance).
The large pizza is huge.
I deep dish pizza is definitely a must try for all you bread lovers out there.
We ordered Nicole's special and it was delicious.
Only 4 stars because it is a little spendy and expect a wait for about 30 minutes for any takeout.

New addiction, Spinato's Steak Calzone.
First off, I have never been a fan of Calzone's as they typically are heavy on dough and light on ingredients.
This is quite the opposite at Spinato's.
The dough is light and flakey and fillings are full and flavorful.
The calzone also comes with a side of beef au Jus.
Warning, the small size at $9.00 can easily feed 2.

First off, I will definitely be a repeat customer.
I shared a spaghetti and meatball calzone and a super six pizza; Both were delicious!

Great food, service and atmosphere.
We drive a ways to get here but loved it.
They have gluten free pizza, too.
The one up north has good food and service but not the expanded menu and new building and decor you find here.

Do not order for delivery!!
I don't know if they are just experimenting with delivery service or what, but the driver couldn't find our house right nearby.
we called (after it had been an hour wait at 630pm) and asked what happened to our pizza.
spoke to a manager "Jeff" and he seemed indifferent and not interested when I asked to cancel the order and get a refund.
very poor customer service compared to other restaurants.
it's too bad because they have decent pizza, just make sure to eat there or get takeout.

Mama Spinato's Signature Pizza is the best pizza I've ever had, hands down!
My boyfriend and I have a monthly Spinato's date that started prior to their move to the new location and will continue as long as they stay open and we live in the valley.
YES, it's that good.
The crust is thin and perfect, the slightly sweet pizza sauce, the minced garlic, loads of spinach, diced tomatoes and cheese.
My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
I've had other selections from the menu as well, including the Italian Beef sandwich, all have been excellent, but since trying the Mama Spinato's Signature I haven't been able to justify ordering anything else.
The staff is always friendly and the new location is nice.
I am originally from the Midwest and am familiar with their sister chain, Aurelio's, and I'm so glad I can come here and have a taste of home.

When I have a coupon or deal, I like to double check to make sure they'll still honor it.
I had to ask three people here if they would honor it no one knew and no one offered to find out.
Food was fine but the sauce is very sweet.
Not what I expected.
Booths were large enough to be comfortable.

Had dinner at the bar last night.
The food was good and half price wine on Wednesdays was a nice surprise.
Service was OK but not great given there were only a few people at the bar.
Once we received our bill it appeared both entrees were mispriced.
We asked our server and she asked the manager.
Turns out my sandwich did not include cheese which was extra even though it was not presented this way and the menu makes no mention of it.
It also does not show as an add on the receipt.
Also turns out our server rang up a different but very similar pasta dish than what my wife ordered.
We got sorry both mistakes were my fault from the server and sorry the menu is confusing from the manager but no offer to take responsibility for it.
They basically said we screwed up but you are still paying for our mistakes.
Left a very bad taste for both my wife and I.
We eat out a lot and there are far too many good places to eat in Phoenix than to eat at one that is at best poorly trained and presented and at worst misleading and still refuses responsibility when they admit they have done wrong.
For $2, they have lost two customers for life.
Having now read a number of comments on Yelp, it appears there are more issues like this than you would expect and their misleading and aggressive pricing is a pattern.
If you do choose to eat here, be extra diligent about what you are ordering and ask if anything you have ordered is extra.

Spinato's used to be better when they were at Glendale location now service sucks.
They have hired many dreamers as servers who are clueless.
And they favor smokers.
When asked to tell some folks who were smoking within a few feet of the front door server said "I always feel awkward asking them to move" are you kidding it's the law Spinato's!!!
Anyway they didn't care so I am in the process of becoming a thorn in their side.
I have pictures of the violation.
So I come prepared.
I am in contact with the folks that have teeth in this type of matter.
Get over feeling awkward you wimps.
Anyway now you have a headache on your hands.
Game on Spinato's!!!!
U may want to get the help of your smoker friends.
Folks there are better options trust me.
Former customer who was dissed and used to spend quite a bit of money there.
No longer.
Do the same people.

The best service I've had in a long time.
I've been a server/bartender for 8 years and I was very very impressed by the bar staff at spinato's on 7th St and Missouri.
They were prompt friendly and make some of the most well balanced and refreshing cocktails.
Brody was our bartender and he made me a perfect jalapeño margarita.
I don't often leave reviews but between the conversation and great food and drinks I was compelled to let the community know that if you're looking for friendly knowledgeable staff with great drinks and pizza you should stop by !!
Thanks Brody me and my friend had a great time!

Last minute dinner plans for 11 and Spinato's was the destination..
Greeted promptly and sat right away.. Mike our server was excellent!
He was On top of all of our needs and the food was fantastic!
In my group complaints about something is not unusual...
Surprisingly everyone loved there food and was beyond stuffed!
Was able to do separate checks and made it for a sick Monday night dinner!
We will be back!

Lived in NYC and Chicago, and missed good pizza.
Not any more!
Best Pizza Ever!!

Great food, the service at this location is really bad :(  I recommend the NE Phoenix location or delivery.

The best pizza in town!!!
"...so good you'll jump up and slap the person sitting next to you..." Yes, it is really that good.
So much flavor; with a secret ingredient in the sauce that is so secret most don't know there is a secret.
There are two signature pies that are vegetarian, that can hold there own against the classic pepperoni & sausage.
Their "regular crust" is a thin crust, and they do offer a thick.
Every pizza comes cut in squares.

My Brother and I went and ate here for lunch, the server was nice.
But the food was very plain and had an awful flavor.
We both got a different pastas but we only sent back one becasue we didnt want to look ungrateful.
The sausage in the pasta was very good, same with hibiscus tea.
My brother ordered a blue moon but it was flat, that was a little dissappointing as well.

The food here has always been outstanding, regardless of location.
One of my favorite Italian restaurants in the country .
The sauce is incredible and Nicole's New Favorite pizza is a must if you are in the mood for a departure from typical.
The new location is somewhat impressive, but I also miss the charm of the former, smaller spot on Glendale.

I love this restaurant!!!
It's so yummy and it's different type of Italian.
It's one of my husbands and my favorite date spots!
Definitely recommend!

Husband and I decided to stop for some pizza and wings.
Thick pizza was OK but the wings were delicious!
The restaurant has a nice fancy theme and the bar was beautiful.
( I only glanced) The only thing that does not match is the employees!
For the restaurant looking very nice and elegant the hostess and servers were in jeans and running shoes??
One server even had a bandanna in her head!
It just didn't go together.
It made them look lazy and dirty.

Judging on pizza alone...
I see no difference between this place and Domino's thin crust.

Spinato's is an awesome place.
The pizza is always fresh, and there's a ton of different pre-built options to choose from.
My favorite thing, though, is that you can choose to build your own pizza.
The only thing that somewhat annoys me about building your own is that they charge by number of toppings, and some of the options apparently "count as two toppings.
" One of those happens to be bell peppers.
I love bell peppers, and they're super cheap as pizza toppings, so why should I be getting charged double what they charge for pepperoni or tomatoes?
I just don't get it.
Other than that, there's really nothing to complain about.
The food is delish, the service is on-point, and they have a delectible cannoli!
Mmmmm I love me some cannoli.
I also like that they deliver now!
At their original location I don't think delivery was an option (I could be wrong) but now, as long as you live close enough, delivery comin' atcha!

Sooooo, where do I start?
OK, if I were just judging this place on food alone it would be 5 stars!
I had an italian beef dip sandwich and it was great!
So much flavor and very filling!
Unfortunately for this establishment we don't just rate on food alone.
Service: SLOW!
OMG it was slow.
We went around 130pm and it was totally dead.
Only a few people eating.
I know this is a time for the place to recover from the lunch rush but I feel it is a good time to see if they have really good service.
If they can still provide great service while doing their tasks then they have done it!
This place failed horribly.
Our waitress was very friendly...when she acutally was around.
Next, DO NOT ORDER A PITCHER OF DRINKS!
Our waitress told us it would be enough for 4 people.
There were three of us so we thought it would be a good deal... it was $24 and we got two and half drinks out of it.
We problably should have complained about it.
Anyway, go for the food but just know your service will be crap.
As long as you go in with low expectations on the service you won't be dissattisfied.

The WORST service I have ever experience!!
I went here about a month ago and it took me and my friend over 20 minutes to get something to drink from the waiter.
Plus, while we were waiting for our orders to be filled, the waiter was helping other customers who got here AFTER us.
I have a feeling that the waiter was profiling us, maybe thinking that my friend and I were a couple (hes a guy, not a couple at all, but still no excuse).
Extremely disappointed, do not go here.

Spinato's is my favorite pizza place in all of Phoenix.
The pizza is simply incredible!
The customer service is great too.
For example, for my birthday I had a party and invited some friends.
My birthday is July 5th, and Independence day was on Friday.
I had spoken to the manager previously, and she said that because I was ordering a number of pizzas that I should order them a day ahead of time.
I tried to call on July 4th, but the restaurant was closed.
I was in a bit of a panic, as I had already hyped up the pizza to my guests.
On the morning of my birthday, I went to the restaurant itself.
I knocked on the door a full half-hour before the restaurant was set to open.
I talked to a wonderful employee by the name of Gabby and explained the situation.
She let me in and took the order and promised that the pizzas would be delivered by 5:00 p.m.
There was not one hint of irritation, and I never felt like I was being a bother (although I probably was).
I went away feeling like my birthday had been saved.
At 5:00 almost to the minute, the pizzas arrived.
The delivery person was polite and friendly, and my guests loved the pizza.
I can't say enough great things about this place.
I highly recommend it.
I'm not sure what's going on with other reviews on here that say the service is horrible because I certainly didn't see that, and I never have any time I've been there.

OMG, I am totally in love with Spinato's Pizza.
I went there for a colleague's birthday lunch and have fallen in love with their Italian food.
I had the most amazing calzone which was stuffed with steak, peppers, spinach,  sweet peppers, ricotta and mozzarella.
It had a side of ajus sauce and their house made marinara sauce.
I want to go back for happy hour and enjoy that calzone all over again but this time with one of the yummy beers that they have on tap.
Also, the service was awesome although we were about 14 people deep!!!!!!!!!

