Oh my gosh!
All I can say is yummy yum yum yum!
My fiance and I are always looking for a good breakfast without the crazy crowded wait that you find at the big chain restaurants.
Jewel's is without a doubt the greatest new little find.
I had the goat cheese, bacon, onion quiche...holy deliciousness!
I also had to try the sticky bun which was out of this world.
And how cool is it that they have my favorite Kombuca!?!?
Woot woot!
Awesome food aside...I love the quaint decor and the comfy seats.
This will for sure be a new weekend breakfast place for us.
So happy!

I've known about their baked goodies for quite some time.
I was so excited when they opened a storefront!
I took a friend there for lunch on Tuesday and she loved it so much that she said Jewel's will be our new hangout spot on Tuesday's.
She can't wait for the holidays to be over (when our kids go back to school) so that we can go again.
I ordered the Greek Chicken Salad Sandwich (delicious), she had the BLT and we shared the blue cheese buffalo chips.
Seriously, make this your new spot.
They are dedicated to being gluten- free (which isn't a dietary restriction for me, but hey, the food is so good!
) and will take very good care of you.
Fast- casual atmosphere.
Walk up, place your order and go find a table.

I have been enjoying Jewel's gluten free baked goods for the past few years.
Now that there is a store front, I can also enjoy their fresh cooked gluten free meals.
I haven't had biscuits and gravy in the last 5 years since being on a very strict GF diet.
This morning I got an order to go when picking up cupcakes for a party.
Let me tell you that it was love at first bite!
It was a perfect blend of sausage gravy with a delicious biscuit and when some of the potato hash got mixed in, well, I couldn't have wiped the smile of my face for any reason.
I really don't know what I will do next time I'm there for breakfast.
Get the B&G or try anything else on the 100% GF menu.
Either way, this is my new favorite place to share with all my non-gluten free people.
Even though it's a 40 minute drive from my side of town, it's worth it.

Went to Jewel's Bakery today after hearing about it on Facebook!
I was so excited to go because I have so many allergies and this place could be an answer to my lack or yumminess I have in my life now.
I had the build your own omelet and it was amazing.
I eat paleo so I didn't try the hash browns, but they looked great!
I did eat the kale chips that they out in with the potatoes and they were amazing.
After we are I had to try some of the pastries  and they were out of donuts so I will have to go back :).
I did try the blueberry scone and the lemon curd cupcake.
Amazing!!!
I will for sure go back.
And most likely for lunch!!
Thanks for opening

It's so wonderful to have a restaurant that is completely gluten free.
The food is amazing and the baked good are to die for.
You would never know it was gluten free.
I also had then make my wedding cake.
It's was beautiful and tasted like a regular cake.
Every one at the reception loved the cake.
I would definitely recommend them as the go to bakery for gluten free items.

The place its self is awesome.
Love the chairs and tables, so simple and so chic.
The service was friendly and attentive.
The food was ok.
I ordered the quiche and a decaf coffee w/ a molasses cookie.
The food was good... the only thing is the crust like the cookie was rock solid.
:-/

Great place.
Highly recommend.
Friendly people.
Great food and excellent lay out.
When you have a wife and son that can't do dairy this place is an excellent place to get dairy free and gluten free things.

Quaint little place, super clean, bright, and friendly staff.
In a culture of oversized portions, Jewels hit the spot with the perfect serving size.
I had the tomato, mushroom, chicken and cheese omelet and it was very tasty, my wife had the biscuit, egg and sausage sandwich which was also delicious.
I would def.
return to explore the menu further.
They also have a lunch menu, served after 11am.

This is the first place I've been whose food was so good it promoted me to write a Yelp review.
Guess I'm a Yelper now.. Their entire place is gluten free and their staff has clearly been trained at a high level.
I worked in the restaurant industry for 3.5 years at an upper echelon restaurant, let me be the first to say: Jewel's food is amazing.
The decor is fresh and relaxing.
My only complain is that there aren't more people filling the tables that all have fresh flowers and all unique chairs.
Six stars if I could.
My gluten sensitivity needs have been met.

Walked in 10 minutes before they stopped serving breakfast.
The woman behind the counter was very friendly and sweet.
It wasn't until I heard a comment from the cook behind the window about me "being able to order whatever I want off the menu" that made me feel rather uncomfortable seeing as I ordered before they had finished serving breakfast and not to mention i was 1 of 3 people there, so I thought they would have appreciated my business regardless.
The food was delicious and the atmosphere was cute.
I may be back if I am in the neighborhood.

Jewel's is so very good!
I've been gluten free due to Celiacs disease my whole life.
Walking into a completely GF restaurant and ordering scrumptious food is like  dream come true!

We have been anxiously waiting for Jewel's to open for the past 6 months, we are regulars of the baked goods from the farmer's market and have been really excited to have it in the neighborhood.
So maybe my expectations were too high from my conversation with them at the farmer's market.
The positives: *Great ambience and location *Coconut creamer for the coffee :) -awesome to have a non-dairy option *Vegan muffins - we had the apple cinnamon and it was really good *the potato/kale hash was great  Things that could be better: *The line is confusing about which side to enter, therefore, we waited for a couple huge groups to go in front of us coming from the exit side of the line before we were helped, its probably hard for the cashier to know who is next-maybe a sign would be helpful?
*There were no vegan cupcakes or scones available (11am), only muffins, we were really excited to be able to buy cupcakes and disappointed when they had multiple other, but all with dairy.
We normally go to Treehouse, but this is so much closer.
*Our food (one order) took about 20 minutes, this might get worked out as they settle in, but it was a long wait (one of the chefs did come talk to us and apologized) * the smoothie tasted like pureed kale, they did ask for feedback on it, which was great, but doesn't help my situation at the moment, i tossed it when i got home  * there are minimal vegan options on the menu, I saw 3, I guess I was expecting more based on their baked goods and other options at the farmers market (so this could be my own issue, but I was really disappointed, there is such a need for that in this area)  Overall, the food was ok, the ambience is great!
I didn't try the coffee but it looked good.
So, I would go back for coffee and if in stock, a vegan cupcake, but not again for breakfast.
Glad their is a dedicated gluten free bakery, but I would love to see more vegan options too.

So happy I popped in here for lunch on Friday.
I had the red chile chicken salad... Grilled chicken cooked perfect and great layer of flavors.
My only suggestion is that I would pay more and add more chicken to the salad.
I didn't find it that filling.
My hubby had the BBQ pork sandwich and it was really tasty!
Loved the flavors.
It is such a cute comfy place ( the most comfortable chairs) I can't wait to try other things on their menu.

I love this little place.
The gluten free blueberry scone and pumpkin bread are delicious.
The staff is so nice.
I'll be back!

Really impressed.
Not just good but great.
The sticky roll was sweet- and the roll part was nice and fluffy.
The goat cheese quiche melted in my mouth- and the crust was perfectly buttery and soft.
The bacon was superb- she asked if we wanted it extra crispy- but only cheap bacon needs the extra crispy treatment.
This was obviously the good stuff.
I also tried the biscuit (really had that biscuity goodness to it) and pancakes- yummy but I'm glad I got the quiche as that was just.
so.
fantastic.
And- they were doing coffee via pour-over and chemex.
Can't get a more perfect morning!
Strongly recommend!
The fact that everything was gluten-free?
Beyond amazing.
They can compete side by side with glutenois cafés and hold their own.
Go.

I chose to try out this bakery for my birthday lunch because I'd been given one of their cupcakes before (Almond Joy Cupcake...it was delicious) and heard tons of great things about their lunch menu.
So we made the trek from the northwest valley and let me tell you, it was well worth the drive!
First impressions of the cafe: Nice location and really neat decor!
Vintage/ Shabby Chic is the closest thing I can think to call it, but it's not so frilly that a guy would feel out of place.
Some of the art was done by a local artist and overall it was bright, airy and very, very clean.
The staff is AWESOME!!!
If I could underline that twice I would, so I'll just say it again..The staff is AWESOME!!!
We ordered the Greek Chicken Salad, the BLT, and Roasted Veggie Flatbread and they were all equally delicious!
They forgot to remove an ingredient on my son's sandwich and not only did they apologize and bring us a new sandwhich, they also offered us a complimentary treat for the "trouble"!
Now, these treats are the real reason to drive across town because their cupcakes and brownies are good even by gluten standards!
I had the Caramel Macchiato Cupcake and it was delicious but then you can't go wrong with the salted caramel brownies either!
The loose leaf mango orange green tea was just another great component to a very wonderful meal.
We'll be back for sure!

Great neighborhood spot.
Great vibe, great food, free wifi, relaxing and enjoyable atmosphere.

Great food, a little pricey but worth it for the quality!
Love that everything is gluten free!

Loving the food and service here.
Very clean lots to choose from and none of it boring.
Really innovative food with a great taste.
It's gluten free as well also nice for those who need that option cause there is nothing lacking in the food options.
Great addition to the neighborhood we are loving this precious gem called Jewels.

AMAZING!!!!
Brought the family up to Jewel's but didn't mention that it was a gluten free place (I am the only one gluten free in our family) we ordered bakery treats and breakfast items.
As we were enjoying the pistachio donut, blueberry fritter and rocky road brownie I started to worry that maybe I had misunderstood and that these things were not gluten free.
They were delicious!
Not just good for gluten-free things, they could stand up to any gluten treat and still be great.
I asked and they assured me that yes, everything is gluten free.
:-) My family did not realize that these items were gluten free even after they ate them.
Amazing taste and amazing texture.
For breakfast we had bacon egg and biscuit sandwich and chorizo biscuits and gravy.
The chorizo is ground fresh there on Fridays!
It was about 40 minute drive each way for us to get there but SO worth the trip.
I will definitely plan on going back, there are a number of amazing looking bakery items I can't wait to try.
Tip: Order the rocky road brownie and ask for it to be heated, they warm it up and the marshmallows get all toasty and lightly browned.

Tried two flatbreads and a cupcake.
Would never have guessed any of it was gluten free.
The cupcake even fooled my teens!
The staff was really nice and the décor was fun.
I would definitely go again and make sure friends with gluten challenges know all about it.

Awesome service, awesome people great food and baked goods.
The coffee isn't to Bad either.
The decor reminds me of little coffee shops in portland, oregon.
My kind of place.
I would definitely comeback and recommend this place to anyone.

We live a few blocks from Jewel's and have been several times since they opened - it's definitely our new favorite place in the neighborhood.
The only problem is we like the food and treats so much that we always spend WAY too much when we go so had to limit our trips :)  My husband and I both eat gluten usually and both of us feel that the food and bakery at Jewel's is some of the best we've had and you would never know everything was gluten free.
My favorite item is the grilled cheese with added avocado, my husband likes the BBQ pork sandwich.
He is a big cheesecake fan and we had the strawberry basil cheesecake when that was available which he said was the best cheesecake he had ever had!
We always buy a few white chocolate macadamia nut cookies as they are some of the BEST cookies I've had!
I made cookies at home recently and when looking for recipes my husband suggested I make them "G-Free" like the Jewel's cookies - I had to explain to him that many gluten-free cookies are not delicious and Jewel's is the exception :)  The staff is very friendly and welcoming and as you can see from the photos the interior is modern but warm and inviting - a really nice place to sit and chat over a delicious lunch.
I can't recommend Jewel's more!

The food and teas are delicious.
The employees are also very friendly and helpful.
I've had the roasted veggie sandwich and it was really good!
The reason I give this place 3 stars is because of the price of the food, so I can't say that I'm a fan.
I work in the offices above Jewel's and most of my coworkers agree that the food is a bit overpriced for the amount that you get.
The roasted veggie, for example, is $7 and it's not very big... then they charge an extra $2 for a very small amount of fries.
Also, during the lunch rush it takes a while to get your food.
I find myself considering Jewel's if I'm too lazy to drive somewhere for lunch, but I usually talk myself out of it and either I don't eat, or I'll drive to Bertha's.
I'd probably be a bigger fan if I had a gluten intolerance, but I don't.
SO if you must have Gluten Free or you're not a cheap ass like me, then you'd probably give this place 5 stars.

Very fun original cafe.
Excellent iced tea and organized counter service.
Veggie flatbread was a bit flat (!
) for me with a heavy tomatoe sauce.
(It has been eaten up as leftovers in our home, hmm.
) Flatbreads can be so flavorful with an olive oil rather than pizza sauce...yep, that's a preference.
Desserts appeared a bit ordinary to me.
Admittedly, that may be the appeal here.
I promise to revisit to expand my tastings.

We've been waiting for her shop to open.
We ran at our first opportunity to visit.
Let's say thee best gluten free desserts we've had.
Almond joy cupcake killer good.
N the chocolate chip scone is delicious.
Thank you jewel for our gluten free experience.

Beautiful shop.
Great breakfast and pastries.
I'm not GF, but  have tried a number of pastries, and couldn't tell a difference from other well made baked goods.
So glad it is near-by.

It's all gluten free!!!!
You've win my heart with Cartel coffee and a finger vanilla cupcake :)

Great place for a quick, but great tasting breakfast!
Special brunch menu on weekends only.
Had the mushroom, bacon, cheddar omlet with hash.
My boyfriend ordered biscuits and gravy.
Both were great, especially the hash.
My order came out about 5 min after his, but the nice girl gave us a complimentary pastry so I got the bacon cinnamon roll.

Omg can you say yummy!
The baked good were out of this world.
Can't believe they were gluten free!!!
We waited in a long line for them and were given free cookies for waiting!
I'll go back soon:)

I was visiting from out of town.
Found this place in a newspaper article online while searching for gluten free bakeries and they were open on Sunday.
The inside was very comfy and they had outside seating.
The entire place is 100% gluten free so I would have come hungry for lunch/brunch if I had known.
They had some vegan items marked and some more they told me about.
Great safe food place!

Jewel's Bakery & Cafe is an excellent addition to this East Phoenix neighborhood.
We enjoyed a lunch of both their sandwich specials for the day: Pesto Chicken & Balsamic Portobello.
Each sandwich came on a different gluten free roll that were equally tasty, the chicken was super juicy, the portobello was roasted with just the right amount of tang, and everything was definitely homemade.
We were too full to try any of the baked goods, which include awesome-looking cupcakes, sticky buns, scones & cookies.
But I will definitely be back to try those gluten free creations, as well as their quiche for breakfast/brunch.
All the staff was super friendly and efficient.
As we settled into the cozy cafe, Julie, the Jewel's behind the cafe's name, stopped by to check on us!
You can't get better than that!
Possibly the best part, as we left, my boyfriend who suffers from a gluten allergy, smiled and said he didn't feel any discomfort at all.
A sandwich any where else normally means lots of heartburn medicine.
We are thrilled to have found Jewel's Bakery & Cafe and can't wait to go back!

We met family here today for lunch.
We all tried something different, and I don't think anyone was disappointed.
The red chili salad was absolutely delicious.
My husband had the Greek chicken salad sandwich and sisters in law shared a kale salad.
We shared a brownie for dessert.
Keep up the great food!

Searched for bakery close by for my son's Birthday party and found this place.
I was so impressed with their cupcakes that we tried!
I literally got goosebumps from how good their Caramel Macchiato Cupcake was!
That one was my favorite.
Also super yummy was their Carrot Cake Cupcake.
Love the frosting on that one and the caramel macchiato.
All their cupcakes were perfectly moist and also best cupcakes I have ever had!
Can't wait to order my son's cake or cupcakes (haven't decided yet) and also try more things off their menu.
To be continued.....

Jewel's  makes delicious gluten free breakfasts and perhaps the best gluten free cupcakes I have ever tasted.
They are by far better than some cupcakes with gluten in them.
And not so sugary like some other gluten free cupcakes I have had.
In a word they are perfection.
I recommend the Almond Joy one.
The breakfast biscuits are also delicious.
So happy this place opened and takes gluten free seriously and deliciously!

I would love to try this place out but the two times I have stopped by before work they have still had the doors locked at 7:10am even though the sign on the door says open at 7am.
:( :( :(

First time here and we are very impressed.
I ordered the cheese and mushroom omelette.
It came with kale and potatoes.
Outstanding.
My hubby ordered the chorizo and was in heaven.
We grabbed some baked goods to go, for later when we get the munchies.
I have high expectations for them.

Met up with a friend for lunch on Friday and was very pleased with this place!
It's been on my list for a while :)  We met up at 11:30, just in time to take advantage of the lunch menu.
My friend had a southwestern chicken salad and mine was Greek.
Both were really tasty.
Neither of us took advantage of the baked goods but I have my eye on a couple of things for the next visit.
Jewel's is known for being gluten-free but none of our  food was lacking in flavor  or balance.
It's got a nice, low key ambiance and good service.
This place is cute and worth supporting.
I'll be back soon----there's a ginger snap with my name on it!

A friend told me about Jewel's knowing I'm always looking for a great gluten free spot to eat.
This place is going to be a new favorite.
Everything is gluten free!
They have a great breakfast and lunch menu, and so many baked treats.
I had an amazing gluten free & vegan vanilla almond cupcake.
Very excited to have found this bakery/cafe!

Went for Saturday morning brunch, and was blown away.
The chorizo, scrambled eggs and potatoes were delicious and the portion was very generous.
Also had a bacon-topped donut which was delicious, almost like a crumb cake.
The biscuits were very good as well, couldn't believe everything was gluten-free.
On top of all that, they serve Cartel coffee!
This is immediately my favorite breakfast place in Phoenix.

Gluten-free paradise here in Arcadia.
I've been here 3 times this week and everything is good.
Cinnamon rolls, donuts, sandwiches and pizza.
If you are gluten free and in Phoenix, this MUST be your next stop.
Just make sure to get there before mid-afternoon.
They close at 3 on weekends and 3:30 weekdays.

Jewel's is my favorite breakfast, lunch, and sweet spot in the Valley.
I've never ordered anything here that wasn't 100% amazing.
The service is top-notch.
The decor is inviting.
If you haven't checked this place out, you're missing out.

The baked goods here are scrumptious, have a fine texture, and are not overly sweet.
The breakfasts and lunches are very appealing in taste and presentation.
Jewel's amazes me with its ability to get all of these food aspects right, which is truly a feat when it comes to gluten-free food (the cafe does not serve anything with gluten).
Beyond the food and beverages, the appeal extends to the bright, eclectic atmosphere of the cafe.
The staff is very friendly,  the cafe's location is convenient, and the availability of parking is excellent.
Plus, free WiFi  with a good strong signal; my tablet browses the Internet really fast when I'm in this bakery/cafe.
In all, this is a most pleasant place to get a great meal or to have a leisurely nosh of coffee and delicious baked goods.

I come here for breakfast a lot and everything is excellent as is the customer service.
However, I came in the first time for lunch today and had the salmon sandwich.
There's only one word to describe how great it was - THUNDERBITCHIN!!

It was okay, very clean, nice atmosphere but the food itself was a little disappointing.

Half of the family is gluten free.
Lots of baked goods.
Lots of protein options.
Clearly made with care.
The best gluten free pancakes so far in Phoenix.
Best gluten free biscuits and gravy.
Best gluten free sticky buns.
They also serve Cartel Coffee which is great.

I really enjoyed our first visit to jewels for a late brunch today!
Our waiter was friendly and helpful.
I had the spud plate and my husband had the biscuits and gravy with chorizo.
On my first bite, I literally swore out loud.
It was that good.

Thank goodness for this place.
All GF with many things that are DF/EF as well.
hooray!

1st and not the last visit.
The food was amazing.
I had breakfast and my wife had a BLT.
The service was top notch.
I highly recommend

This place is ok. Not spectacular.
I have been here twice now.
Once with my kids and once by myself.
The first time I was there my kids had the pancakes.
They seemed to enjoy their meal.
I ordered the chilaquiles.
I didn't enjoy my meal.
The chilaquiles was made with lots of tortilla chips, lots of green chili sauce, and a tiny bit of egg on top.
I couldn't even tell if they used a whole eggs it was so little.
The chips were soggy and gross.
I couldn't finish the plate because all it was, was a soggy plate of chips!
Not worth the money I paid for it, needs more egg, a lot more egg.
The second time I went there, which was yesterday,  I had their chorizo plate.
It was the same thing, lots of potatoes,  not enough chorizo,  and very very little egg.
It had great flavor, but I'm not sure if I will ever eat here again with 2 disappointing plates.
The coffee was decent though.

I was expecting more with all the good reviews, but I wasn't all that impressed with my breakfast.
I had the basic breakfast which came with a pancake, eggs, sausage patty and potatoes.
I asked for bell pepper and onions in the egg, which they forgot.
The pancake was totally doughy and chewy in the middle and was not all that great.
The "Potato hash" was just breakfast potatoes and very bland.
I mean, it wasn't awful, it was just so so.
The sausage patty was soooo good, I think they must make it there or something.
That was the only redeeming part of this breakfast and why I would return.
And, I would return because the space was a cool spot and conveniently located and with easy parking.
The service was a bit slow, it took 10-15 mins to get my food.
I will go back and try them again, and perhaps try an omlette or something.

I decided to try this place out one day, I have severe gluten allergies so it's hard to find places like Jewels that offer an entire menu that is gluten free.
I was not disappointed, I ordered a salad that was pretty good.
I was more excited about the apple fritter I ended my meal with, I was elated by how wonderful it was.
I rarely eat baked desserts anymore as it is difficult to find ones that are not only safe for me to eat but that actually have good texture and taste good.
Many people think to make up for the missing gluten by adding excessive sugar and it reunions the dessert.
Jewels fritter was perfect, not to sweet and wonderful fluffy texture.
I will definitely be back to try more of there meal items, as well as more baked desserts!
So glad to have found a place that is catered towards people with gluten allegies and is in my area of town!

The apple cinnamon pancakes are delicious, and my boyfriend loves the pile of bacon and all of the other bacon products!
The decor is also very cute, I love the real flowers, very nice touch!
Will definitely be back soon.

Anthony my server made this first timer feel welcome and appreciated as a customer.
Today's visit was just for coffee and a cinnamon roll.
BTW this maple glazed cinnamon roll with bacon crumbles is a whole new level of awesomeness.
I'm a cookie fanatic and am happy to report that my free cookie with CHECK-IN was delish.
I'll be back soon for breakfast, especially after Jennifer the shift manager is going to the tables making sure the customers are happy.
Great service trumps much for this YELPER.
I like this place.
The decor made me think somebody loved collecting random chairs and opened a cafe so they could display them.
Goldilocks would have a field day.
This place is cozy but also urban hip with a dash of industrial.
Chatty crowd here for a Friday near mid-day, gives a good vibe.
For the neighborhood this little shopping center (40 Palms) is very nice.
I've reviewed three great eats in here already.
They have full breakfast and lunch menus in addition to the off beat bakery selections.

We have eaten at Jewel's twice in the past month for lunch and so far, we love it!
After learning of a gluten sensitivity I needed to cut it out of my diet for a while and it is so nice to have a restaurant where I don't have to search the menu for only a few items that I can eat.
The brownies, cinnamon rolls, and vegan cupcakes were delicious as well!
The kids meals for $5 are perfect and my son eats all the grilled cheese and fresh fruit that it comes with.
Great job, we will keep on coming in!

I habe been here 4 seperate times aroumd 710a to 720a and this place is always locked up tight.
The sign says 7am for the open time.
Why can't they open on time.
Other bakerys that I goto are open at 5a and 6a....  this bites cause I am on my way to work!
OPEN ON TIME!

Amazing gluten-free breakfast joint.
A must-go!!
The baked goods are to die for and the specials are a hit (including the chicken and waffles).
It's a great place to bring a group and a sure sign the gluten-free phenomenon is here to stay.

This place is phenomenal!!
EVERYTHING is gluten free here!
Biscuits and gravy!
Chicken and waffle !!!!
I think I just died and went to heaven!
The donut are probably the best thing I've had in my gluten free life!
This place is a MUST!

Excellent #glutenfree food + customer service!
Highly recommended from #TheFoodClick!

I'm excited that a gluten free restaurant/bakery is in my neighborhood and has easy parking.
The menu looks great and the food plates I saw looked amazing.
I've only been there three times.
Twice to meet a friend for coffee and once to get take out pastries which were amazing.
The actual experience was not so great.
Since it is a new place, the staff should be a little more inviting.
When you walk in the door for the first time, it's hard to tell if you are to seat yourself and a server comes over or if you are to get in line (and which side of the counter because there were people on both sides and cutting in front of people in the other line).
The three times I went there were no greetings or acknowledgement from the staff-even if they saw us come in.
I thought that was a little rude.
Not a good first, second or third impression for a business that just opened in a community.
I will have to try the food sometime when they have had a chance to get their staff trained on common courtesy and customer service.
I always hate it when I either go to a place and love the food, but the experience was bad or if I hate the food, but the staff, experience and decor is cool.

Great meal, atmosphere and service!
Feel like I'm at "home" because you can eat whatever you'd like if your Gluten Free!
You don't have to worry about asking "is this gf or is this??

