Had a chance to enjoy Frank at the Scottsdale Food Truck Caravan twice - totally awesome both times.
The lobster mac n cheese dog of course was amazing.
The other dog I tried was the nightly special - I forgot what it was called but it had tomato jam, arugula, nuts, and pancetta on it - it was so freakin' good that I still have cravings for it... Maybe it was called the Wayne Newton?
I don't know, but it was awesome and went really well with the homemade chips.
Highly recommend you try this place ASAP!!

I had a dog with a pretzel bun outside the Reggie and the Full Effect show.
The truck's engine had the flu or something, but Adam still managed to post up a portable setup and be there as promised.
It was one of the best hot dogs I've ever had, and I'm not just saying that because we're friends.
The dog was gigantic and cooked to perfection, and you can't go wrong with a pretzel bun.
As I stood there with a gob full of meat and bread telling him how great it was, he shrugged it off and said "making a good hot dog isn't complicated.
" and he's right - it isn't.
Still, it's easy to get it wrong.
Plus, I didn't quite get the full experience one would get at his truck where he's able to get really creative with it.
I've known Adam for years - we started out as poker buddies, but I watched him develop and follow his passion for cooking.
I've had his cooking several times over the years, and it has always been good.
I'm happy to see him with his own truck and business, and I hope it's an immense success... he deserves it.
He uses only the finest ingredients, and he's one of the most creative chefs I've met.
There's a reason he keeps appearing in newspaper articles and online interviews.
He's about as close to a local celebrity chef as we've got, and he's just getting started.
Go check out his website, or follow him on facebook to see where he's going to be next and do yourself a favor and go try one of his creations.
You'll thank me later.

I guess you can categorize me as one of those phoenix hipster living veggie people.
Glad I finally got a chance to try this truck out, they've been on my foodie list for a couple of months and they braved the ride to Gilbert.
First off service was awesome and the owner Adam was super nice in answering and modifying my dog for me.
I decided to go for protein style (hold the bun) and the quality of the dog was still phenomenal.
Let me tell you the BEST VEGAN/VEGETARIAN dog I've had in this state.
Even a non-veggie came over to double check they gave him a veggie dog versus the real thing.
I opted for the delicious habanero ketchup, spicy brown mustard, dill relish and yummy sauerkraut.
Originally Cali bred, I'm thankful for this truck and the options for us "special" people.

Excellent food, made my own combination.
I will look for them in the future!

Good service, good food, nice looking truck, friendly, amazing gelato, vegetarian and vegan friendly, good fried pickles, reasonably priced.
Check them out!

The bahn mi with chicken apple sausage on a brioche bun might be the best frank I've had in my life.
The girl taking orders was funny and friendly.
Took about ten minutes for us to get our dogs.
They actually screwed up my friend's order, but replaced it with the correct sausage really quickly.
Prices were reasonable for the quality.

Excellent service, excellent food.
Amazing and innovative.
How has Food network missed these guys?

We have a number of different food trucks that roll through where I work on Fridays... Frank is easily the best we've ever featured.
Pretzel buns are no stranger to me, I've had many a sandwich / burger on some of the best pretzel buns man can create.
But I've never had an all beef dawg on an elongated pretzel bun - it was epic.
Topped with lobster mac n' cheese - with dirty chips on the side - I am in food truck heaven.
The service was great, everything was fresh, and the only thing I didn't like was how hard it was to decide what to get.
LE GIT - and for a hot dog of this quality and a side of chips, $13 is more than reasonable.
I will seek them out on their facebook page and definitely be back for more - these guys are doing it right!
It should be noted that the only hot dog I've ever had that was better was up in Vancouver, B.C... but I was so far from sober I'm not certain my reasoning can be trusted.

AMAZING!!
Lets just start off by saying I LOVE HOT DOGS!!
When I found this food truck I was in heaven.
A Bratwurst with Lobster Mac & Cheese on a Pretzel Bun, Forget about it!!
This truck is amazing, everything I've had is delicious.
If you are in the mood for a "not so ordinary" hot dog, brat or sausage dog you have to find this truck.

