Mediocre at best....
Stopped by on Saturday for a lunch.
They had no grilled chicken available!
I know... things happen but when place call itself Peru Chicken and has no chicken available it's like hot dog stand with no hot dogs.
Ordered something called Tacu Tacu and plate of Antichuchos and potatoes with cheese sauce for app.
Tacu tacu consisted of huge pile of rice/beans mixture and small slab of grilled meat.
No veggies, no pickle... just that.
Come on - work on presentation and quantities and you can probably charge $10 for that otherwise it's a fail.
Antichuchos - slices of meat on a stick with bland side of corn and undercooked potatoes.
Meat was OK. Sides weren't.
Appetizer (I think it was called pappas a la huancaina) - 3 sad pieces of cold boiled  potato served on a styrofoam plate covered with cheesy sauce (cold as well) - $5 is way too much for it.

The service was good, but the food was overpriced for what I received.
I got a huge pile of rice with some buried beans and three skewers of beef for $12.
I did not like the spices on the meat seasoning either.

Never had Peruvian food so decided to stop by this small restaurant.
The fact that the restaurant was full convinced us to try it out.
My family ordered pollo a la brasa (Rotausarie chicken) with excellent taste!
Accompanied with a side of white rice and beans, lomo saltado (meat w/ French fries and white rice) excellent taste!
The fish ceviche was different than what we are use to but with great taste!
For dessert we had picarones that look like mini donuts but they are made of sweet potato and platanos Fritos (fried sweet banana) both very good!
To drink my husband order chicha morada (made of purple corn) and he loved the taste.
I preferred the maracuya which I believe is made of passion fruit.
Excellent!!!
Very refreshing.
My kiddos loved the soda Inka Kola.
In general everything was delicious and next time we are visiting Vegas I will order caldo de gallina (chicken soup).
Prices were also reasonable better than the strip.

The chicken was very delicious, covered in a bright and savory seasoning.
The chicha morada was ok, not as flavorful as some other varieties as I've had.
Papa huancaina was a bit disappointing because it came out cold but still was not bad.
The meal was also very affordable, a great place for lunch or dinner to go.

Great Peruvian food.
I had the Chicken & Tallarin Saltado.
The restaurant is a little on the small side with a only a few tables available but, its worth going to.
They are very personable & the owners check on you to see how everything is.
They have only been open for 2 months but, I think they will be very successful and they will be around a long time.

Excellent place to enjoy the real peruvian food...no need to wait much time to get your desirable plate...all menus offered are carefully prepared by the owners......I love the "tallarin saltado" made by the young chef named John...

Got a whole chicken with rice and beans on the cheap.
Loved the flavors and it was enough to feed the three of us, so I'm pleased.
Will be eating here again.
Want to try everything on the menu.

The flavors they add to their dishes are very delicious.
The restaurant is small but the food flavor makes up for it.
The customer service is very friendly.
They have pictures of their dishes around the restaurant so you know what you have a clue of what it will look like which help for those who aren't familiar with Peruvian cuisine.
This is a great little restaurant to check out if you are looking to try something different from the ordinary, take my word for it!
My best choice if you are into is to go for the Lomo Saltado!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(170/365) "Peruvian Crack Sauce"  Ever since Inka Si Senor on Maryland Parkway and Che Inka Chicken on Rainbow closed down, I've been on a search for legit Peruvian spots.
Located in the same strip mall as Cuba Cafe on Tropicana.
This family run business is a hole in the wall, but that's where you find some of the most tastiest bites around!
We entered the restaurant and the dining area was packed with people gettin' their FIFA on (12-15 people...I think about 16-18 people is the maximum capacity)The tables and counter area was full except for one spot.....a two top in the HALLWAY  on the way to the restrooms.
At this point, we didn't care and we were hungry so we ordered up right away.
We started off with a Chicken Tamale, and Wifey's favorite Papa A la Huancaina.
The gentlemen brings a bottle of green sauce to our table, and I squirt it on to my first bite of the tamale, and in the process, scorch a few of my tastebuds only to find out that it was the more fiery Salsa de Huacatay.
Luckly I was able to extinguish the inferno in my mouth with some tasty Inca Kola.
The tamale was a bit on the dry side and stingy on the chicken, the papas were the better of the two apps with all that cheesy goodness.
It was also National Ceviche Day as Amanda M. had mentioned,(What a co-inky- dink!
) and that is another dish I haven't had in a while, so we had planned on getting an order of the Ceviche de Pescado and their speciality, a 1/4 chicken with rice.
The Ceviche is presented with a very generous portion of marinated sea bass(not sure if the fish selection changes), red onion, sweet potato, hominy(I think),  toasted corn, and lots of leche de tigre(the liquid that comes from marinating the fish with the lime juice) great flavors and textures in this dish.
(Definitely making this one at home too!
) The chicken arrived with a side of beans and Jasmine rice which was pretty dry, but that chicken was juicy and delicious.
That Aji Verde though...I almost killed the entire bottle!
Can't wait to get all the ingredients so I can have my own supply at home.
I'd definitely return for the chicken, and hopefully save room for some of the desserts.
ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4

