I always have high hopes for family owned Italian restaurants.
I hope for incredibly flavored food at a neighborhood price point.
Villa Italia doesn't score on either point.
When we walked in at 6 we were the only patrons--never a good sign.
During the hour we were there, another couple of people came in and i think one person came in and picked up a to go order.
As we were leaving it looked like a party of six or so were coming in--but that was it.
the entire time we were there--we only saw one staff person.
I have no idea how she would have handled things if they had been busy.
She was very nice--but not knowledgeable about the wine or the food.
We asked her questions and she indicated that in some cases she had not tried the food she was serving--that is a warning sign for me.
Restaurants like this one--should do just a few things and do them very well.
Unfortunately nothing was knock your socks off --little family italian place good.
We shared calamari--which were overbreaded and had no taste.
I had egg plant Parmesan--which had very little flavor.
My dining companion had chicken ravioli--she indicated that she could tell they were homemade but were drowning in sauce.
The wine was a small pour and over priced--which kind of adds insult to injury.
I think in general--prices for everything were a $1 or $2 higher than they should have been--I would have felt much better if the entree had included a small salad--but that was separate and $5 to boot.
My wine was $7 a glass and for the pour and the brand should have been closer to $5.
So the short and the long--this will not be on my rotation--It is not worth going back--the quality is about the same as a chain restaurant or a little below.
A meal that was almost $40 and should have been closer to $25 or $30.
Too expensive for too little.
Given their location, they are going to have to step up their game considerably for people to take the time to find them and patronize them.
I wish them luck

This is a great neighborhood Italian joint.
The pizza is ok but the pasta is where it's at.
If they ever have a ravioli special-get it!
The pasta is fresh and so is the sauce.
The calamari isn't special till you dip it in the zesty tomato sauce.
Definitely don't skip dessert either.

Really good food!
It is all homemade and the owner even came out to say hello.
What a nice place...
I live in the neighborhood and will be back for sure.
Loved it

Had lunch there today with a friend.
I've been looking for a good pizza place in the Sunnyslope area and a friend recommended the restaurant that used to be here, which, obviously, is no longer there.
So Villa Italia it was.
There were only a couple of other tables busy at about 1:30, I have no idea how busy they get for dinner.
As I said, I'm on a mission for good pizza.
Sauce on 7th & Glendale sucks, Pat's didn't do it for me, and though Villa Italia isn't exactly what I'm looking for, it was pretty good.
We got a large sausage and pepperoni and were happy with it.
Bob and I have been eating pizza together for about 30 years, obviously not continuously since we can both easily move under our own power.
Here, the pizza was quite good.
The table cheese was refrigerated, something that quite surprised me.
The pizza was thin, not excessively greasy, with very good flavor.
Overall, the pizza was built very well with good balance, and it was good enough to earn repeat business when I'm back in town.
We really have no negatives to say, our experience was quite pleasant and with good food.
Unfortunately all we had was the pizza, I'll try and go further afield in the menu the next time I get there.
They're a new restaurant, I wish them luck and success.

Really good food, excellent service.
Wine list was lacking, but the fettuccine pesto and sausage and greens were excellent.
Very slow on a Thursday night, need to get the word out and let people know that it is excellent food and to give it a try!

Newer restaurant tucked away in the Stratford plaza behind Dutch brothers.
I've been here 3 times since they opened.
I've enjoyed everything so far.
I would definitely give it a try.

This restuarant took over spinato's and personally i think it has much better pizza than they did.
Just because it is new and not crowded yet does not make it less desireable.
The food is fanatastic,  the pizza's some of the best in town, everything is fresh he uses in the ingredients.
The bruschetta is fabulous.
I love the place and will go back .

This little hole in the wall is a gem!
The pizza is some of the best in town.
The lasagna and pesto pasta is wonderful!
The garlic knots are super addicting.
The staff is very nice.
(Not a big fan of their spaghetti and meat sauce but everything else rocks!!

CLOSED!!!!
I was suspicious when there was no answer as I tried to place a delivery order.
I went by there and it was obviously closed.
Too bad, food was great!

