Hardly any cheese on the pizza.
A few slices didn't have any cheese.
I recommend buying extra cheese for your topping.
The dough was chewy.
Wife ordered a hot mushroom sandwich.
They made the wrong sandwich.
She said it was good though.
It wasn't busy; there were no customers but us.
Floor at the cash register was sticky and dirty.
There were several guys standing around in the kitchen.
Very disappointing.
The price is low, however, the customer service and quality needs improvement, in my opinion.

VERY DISAPPOINTING.
2 genos famous sandwiches.
There was maybe 3 tablespoons of meat on a terrific lg roll.
Combined all meat on half of the sandwich and was barely enough to call a sandwich still.
Onions were big chunks and they were raw.
Not worth 7.00.
Been open for a month.
No excuses.
We will try one more time .

Well, I said I would try it again.
Had a slice and another genos famous cheese steak.
Saying the pizza didnt have much cheese on it is an understatement.
Shameful.
I dont know how you could serve that and be proud of it.
The cheese steak was the same.
No meat and hard uncooked onions for 7.00 just the sandwich, no side.
I really like to support local businesses, as I am a business owner myself.
We will not go back.

Been twice now.
First time got pizza quicker than they said, which was cool because it was a packed house.
Second time not as busy but took longer than promised.
Both times pizza was decent for the price.
Mozzarella sticks overcooked to the point where there was no cheese inside every single stick.
Bottom line, cheap prices, ok enough pizza makes it a place with coming back to, but the employees are the only issue.
Unorganized, slow, and ghetto.
Bad language in front of children, saw a cook smack a counter girl on ass, and the girls front are just plain dumb.
Have to repeat orders several times, look at the register like they've never seen it before, under trained.

Said an hour for delivery, called after an hour and ten minutes and they told me the driver had left a few minutes before I called.
Total time an hour and forty, and when we got the pizza the driver had driven so crazy all the toppings slid to one side!

I started to get the pizza for my kids and myself the last couple of Fridays for school lunch.
The staff is very friendly.
I have been lucky so far, reading the other reviews.
For the cost of the pizza, it is not to shabby.
As long as they continue to give me good service,  I will keep ordering from them.
Thank you Geno's

Large pepperoni, large cheese, and large chicken ranch.
Always very good chicken  ranch was a bit greasy

Pizza is really good for what it is.
Reminds me of Hungry Howies and Little Cesar's back when they were good.
Butter Cheese crust was great.
We will be back.

Just happened to be in the area today and was looking for a quick lunch.
The GENO'S Pizza sign jumped right out from the street.
All I could think about was eating some Chicago style pizza or sandwiches.
Took a BIG gamble since they changed the spelling a tiny bit.
Inside is very nice and casual.
They have several TVs and some colorful photographs hanging on the walls.
Place is clean and very tidy.
Took one look at the menu and instantly I knew this is not Chi-town.
This is NY style and a poor rendition of it.
Yikes!
Ordered the Geno's Famous Cheese Whiz Steak and Onions with some fried Shrooms on the side.
Ended up getting The Steak & Cheese brought to my table.
This is a totally different kind of sandwich with lettuce and tomatoes and them some.
Where's the Whiz?
The menu says the sub rolls are made fresh daily.
It was definitely fresh and not what I would call a sub roll.
More like a chuck of pizza dough or a giant bread stick cut in half.
The toppings were the same things that are put on their pizzas.
Didn't seem like there was much Steak on it either.
Sorry Geno ... maybe my palate is just too spoiled for this place.
ENJOY!
2.5 STARS

The large pizza and the five dollar pizza are two different pizzas do yourself a favor and order the New York pizza it's pretty good

Terrible terrible.
Have ordered delivery from here twice.
Both times it took over an hour and a half to arrive.
(The second time an hour and 50 mins).
Both times pizza showed up cold.
This last time we ordered the bill came to around 23 dollars.
When the delivery guy showed up he insisted that he didn't have any change so we had to give the driver 40 bucks!!
I was outraged and had to call the restaurant three times to speak with a very unfriendly manager because the staff kept telling me he was "busy.
" I'm sorry, but the customer should always come first.
Especially when you basically steal 17 dollars from them.
After battling with them for over two hours I was able to retrieve my change.
Bad business.
Low quality food and management.
Avoid this place at all costs.

Absolutely love their sandwiches!
Bread is delicious!
Pizza is dine for the price.
If you get the garlic butter crust it adds a lot to the flavor.
Personel are always very friendly!

Alright, we finally ate it!
As far as the food goes, for $5 bucks, the pizza was pretty good!!
We also got the garlic bread sticks ( soft and hot) , zucchini sticks ( kind of bland but with ranch were good) and the wings ( good).
As far as the place goes, it was pretty clean in the seating area , the cashier was really nice but the reason I give it a 4 star is because the bathroom was dirty.
I needed to go but was not about to sit on that toilet.
All in all, we will eat there again!

So here's the deal: the pizza tastes good, but there are some major down sides to this place.
First, the service was terrible.
My husband and I ordered a pizza for pick up, they told us it was going to take 15 minutes, so we went there after 15 minutes (we live right down the road).
We took our 1 month old baby with us to pick the pizza up, thinking we would be in and out.
It was getting close (30 minutes) to when he needed to nurse, but we figured we'd be in and out.
I went to pick up the pizza and not only was my order not ready, they hadn't even started it yet.
The person at the cash register looked confused and had to look around to find the order.
I ended up waiting 25 minutes after I got there to finally get my order.
My son sat in the car screaming with my husband the entire time while I sat waiting for the pizza.
Additionally, once my order was ready it took them another 10 minutes to give it to me.
Why do you ask?
Because they don't keep someone at the front to hand out orders!
Plus, although the pizza tastes good, you can get other pizzas that are bigger for the same price elsewhere.
My husband and I will not be returning.

We ordered a 10" pizza with gluten-free crust... with feta cheese and mushrooms, and fries.
They said delivery would take about an hour, and they were right.
We're literally a mile from them so that was kind of crazy but they told us ahead of time so not a huge deal.
I can't comment on what the restaurant looks like on the inside because I've never been.
We'll order again but the lack of cheese will ensure that this isn't our regular pizza spot.
Even with us getting *extra* cheese, there still wasn't a lot.
I'm a total cheeseaholic, so that was disappointing.
Food was hot and fresh, flavors were great, delivery driver was friendly.
Can't really complain.

Amazing pizza and wings!!!
Very impressed!
Was not loving the service :( it wasn't terrible but it wasn't any better than ok. Not friendly and they forgot the wings.
Restaurant was clean  Price was great quality was higher price quality!!!
Will come back

This review is going to basically follow suit with many of the others...doubt I will be back and here is why:  1.
They take forever and do not give accurate predictions as to how long it will take for your food to be ready 2.
We order pizza and it was not the best.
Hardly any cheese on the pizza and especially greasy.
The staff seems less than attentive.
I sent my 6 year old up to get something and she stood there as employee after employee walked by and didn't notice her, I finally had to get up and intervene.
Now, this has little impact on the review, I would hardly hold that against them but was kind sad, poor little gal.
The place is too small.
Not enough seats and crowds quickly.
I have partitioned the other Geno's I know of in Gilbert and that one has never had any problems so I'll tell you what, message me when you are up to par with the flagship and I'll swing back by and update review if I find it to be true.

