Great food for a franchise!
Nice helpful quick staff!
Thanks Troy ( manager)?Fresh sliced meats with a decent amount of deli meat on your sandwich.
They have cold subs, Philly cheesesteaks, salads, and wraps.
Mikes way is a style they make your sandwich and worth trying .
Short review while driving!

Happy to have a Jersey Mikes in Surprise, AZ.
Been here 4 times and the have never disappointed!
This location is extremely busy   Yet, they are very good at working through the crowds.

My bread was very dry but my husband and brother liked theirs so I give them 2 stars for that reason.
$28 for 3 sandwiches was too much.
I won't be a return customer.

Excellent place for a sub sandwich, all meat and cheeses are freshly cut in front of you (unlike Subway).
Bread is always fresh and soft.
A little on the spendy side but in my mind, you get what you pay for and if you want a FRESH sandwich this is the place to go.
I'll be a returning customer for sure.

4 stars because I LOVE Jersey Mike's subs.
The girls working behind the counter were so-so when it came to customer service.
Again, delicious subs!
So much better than Jimmy John's and Which Wich (in my opinion)!

So happy Jersey Mikes now in Surprise!
They have the best!
More meat, good service too.
Now we will know where to eat!
So happy!

Now this is an east coast sub!
Bread isn't too soft & everything is fresh!
Plus the cheese steaks are the best I've found here in AZ (though they really need to add french fries to the menu :) I go here at least once a week and it's great each time!

Seriously yummy sandwiches at a reasonable price!
Made fresh right in front of you and way better send some of the other sandwich places locally

I have only been to this restaurant twice and I have to say that I am a fan.
This place makes Subway look really bad!
Not only is the staff here very friendly and good at their jobs but the food there is just delicious.
I Love the fact that everything is cut fresh before your eyes instead of wondering how long its been sitting in this nasty tub out in the room temperature air.
A big thumbs up.

My favorite place for a sub in the area.
#13 is my favorite and the pepper relish is amazing!
You have to request it on your sub.

