PR Pilates was my first experience with Pilates all together and I was hooked immediately!
Jessica is truly knowledgeable in all workings of the body and has no problem tailoring my workouts to ensure my safety due to some back injuries I have.
She always makes sure it is a comfortable workout while safely pushing me in new, unique ways to get the results I want!
I always leave feeling better than when I arrived and anticipating my next session.
If you are looking to try Pilates for the first time or if you are looking for someone who can give you results... just try PR Pilates!
You won't be disappointed!

Jess is awesome!
Knowledgable about the body, not just the muscles, but how the body and mind work synergistically for the best results.
Working out in the gym with weights was easy compared to the workouts with Jess, but I have to say the experience is better than any workout or class I have ever taken at a gym!
You have got to try it to understand the difference.
Love it!

I have been going to Jessica at PR Pilates for a couple of years.
It is the only exercise I actually enjoy doing, and I look forward to going every time.
I am super toned now, and even though I was already on the skinny side, I went down a size in my skinny jeans.
Jessica works you hard, but it is totally worth it.
I love going and so does my Mom and my husband.
I even have a few friends that also go, and they love it too.
She is super knowledgeable about muscles, and every time I go, I have completely different exercises to do.
The variety keeps it really interesting and fun.
I would really recommend her!

Jessica is one of those rare instructors that has extensive knowledge and experience in her field and continues to learn, perfect and take her students to new levels.
I work with a personal trainer and with Jessica and found the Pilates work to give me the best results in specific target areas.
I was wanting flatter abs, a lifted bum and slimmed down thighs and hips.
Routines are customized for your body type and the hour flys by with constantly changing moves that challenge me.
Six weeks and you will see results.

I was initially referred by a friend but it was soon apparent Jessica was meant to be in my life!
I have attended regular sessions throughout my pregnancy and cannot wait to return to regular workouts so I can experience the maximum benefit of Jessica's amazing workouts.
The personalized sessions are excellent and I appreciate that she listens incredibly well but then takes the information and develops a personalized approach to helping one focus on healthy living.
I'm impressed with Jessica's knowledge and expertise as an executive myself I see first hand what Jessica has done that puts the client at the heart of her business and the incredible success she will continue to experience.
If you haven't tried a session you should I would say its life changing!

As a pregnant woman, it is hard to find a workout routine that is safe for you and the baby, as well as enjoyable.
I have not been able to stick with any fitness regimen for long, even before the pregnancy, but I am a big fan of Jessica and her methods.
I always feel that she knows what my body is going through and is very knowledgeable about what exercises and movements are safe at each stage in the pregnancy.
Each session is different and particularly tailored to what I need to focus on.
She is patient with beginners and comfortable challenging even the fittest person to go the extra mile.
Jessica is truly a find!

