Got a flyer in the mail so I stopped in to check it out.
Only been open for about a week, but they seemed to be running well.
I'm more of a "boutique" pizza guy (Federal, il Bosco, Parlor), but Papa Murphy's is a great alternative for very good, quick, easy & affordable pizza nights.
Picked up a large, thin crust pie with bacon (of course).
They assemble it fresh, while you wait (about 5 minutes).
I paid $7 with a coupon.
Came with its own baking tray.
Pop it in the oven for 12 minutes and you're good to go.
Beats the poop out of the delivery chain pizzas -- uber-cheesy and tasty.
Probably would have been even better if we owned a pizza stone.
Hmmm...
Owner seemed like a really good guy.
We'll be back.

I am so glad they opened close to me.
they are so good and nice to have a good hot pizza.
all the ingredients are fresh and lots of cheese.
I now have a great new place for pizza.
and they are so  nice and fast.
thank you guys keep it up

I have waited so long for Papa Murphy's to open in our neighborhood.
I was having 12 people over for the Festival of Light parade and our road gets closed for the parade.
So it was perfect to get early and bake at home.
I called to find out if they had any specials.
They had large cheese pizza and pepperoni pizza for $4.
Well, I couldn't beat that price.
I walked in, the pizza was ready and I paid.
There was plenty of help and everyone was very pleasant and helpful.
Baking it at home just seems to give it an extra fresh taste.
My favorite is vegetable and most of the men in the family like the cowboy pizza.
GREAT PLACE; highly recommend!

So happy there's finally one of these in the north central area of Phoenix.
They're a great pizza option if you want to pick something up and eat it later.
If you want a hot pizza to eat right away there are better options in the area, but if you're trying to plan a meal ahead of time this is such a great place.
I would recommend ordering one of their delite pizzas.
The crust cooks perfectly and the delite topping choices are amazing.
I absolutely love their chiicken bacon artichoke delite.
It is one of my favorites!
I feel like their regular crust pizzas cook up a little too doughy ( at least in my oven) so I prefer the delite crust since it bakes up more crispy.

My boys love the stuffed crust Chicago pizza.
.I love it because it feeds there friends 2..:)

This is our new favorite place for pizza.
The prices are great, pizza is good and the staff and owner are super friendly.
We are glad is here in the neighborhood.
It is my go to place when I don't want to cook.
Use your coupons and get a punch card.

