Welcome to the neighborhood Pita Jungle.
The food is as good as the other locations and the service is very friendly.
I wish the bar area was a little larger.
The outside patio is a great option on nice days.

As a big fan of PJ for the past decade, it pains me to say that my experience tonight at their newest location was bad.
Not just so-so or meh, but bad.
First off, they had multiple tables open but refrained from seating us because there were 9 of us in our party.
We said we would split into two table but we were told even if we did that, they didn't want to overload their kitchen, If seating two tables will overload the kitchen, then you've got kitchen issues.
Secondly, we waited over an hour for our food.
We watched other tables get seated after we were, receive their food, and finish before we were served.
I know they usually have their food out fast, like in 5 to 10 minutes so to wait over an hour was a disappointment to say the least.
When I did receive my meal, it tasted like it had been sitting under heat lamps, which it likely had been for a long time.
I know this is a new location, but I sure hope they get their kinks worked out because this evening's experience was.....bad.
As a consolation, the decor is nice and the hostesses were very nice.

We ordered the food and it came cold.
They replaced it in a timely manner and it was very good.
me Very good value for the money.
Very noisy.

I can see that there are two other reviews here, another from a big PJ fan, Brian.
Similar experience.
We ordered some staples that we normally get at other PJ locations.
Got the Humus with Grilled Chicken.
Chicken was dry, reddish (too much paprika?
) and no flavor.
Not the juicy grilled-to-perfection chicken that we're used to getting at the other locations.
Tabuli salad did not have enough dressing and was sandy - they didn't soak the wheat enough?, and the the rice was undercooked in the grape leaves wraps.
Not to mention, the tables are flimsy and cheap looking, wobble, and just an overall horrible experience.
We paid, and before walking out, decided to share this feedback directly with the manager.
She mentioned that they were still trying to work out kinks, and mentioned that she went through the stuffed grape leaves we returned with the chef and agreed that it was undercooked -- which didn't stop her from serving it to others right as she was talking to us!
We also waited ~ 40 minutes for our food.
Was barely warm, and we had our 2 year old daughter who loved mac and cheese, but this one came cold and clunky, so she said "I don't like this mac and cheese!".
Very disappointing.
It is worth to drive the extra few miles to the Shea location.

*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*- Their Shea Location Shines *-**-*-*-*-*-*-*- THIS location on FLW ...... is not Pita Jungle at its best ....... but rather at its WORST.
(+) Last night ..... Sunday ......
I placed a carryout order by phone.
(+) I arrived on time for my pickup.
(-) I was required to wait an additional 20 minutes beyond my pickup time.
During the 20 minute wait .......
I had ample time to observe .....        (-) Chaos .....
Chaos ....
Chaos       (-) As the bags came out of the kitchen ...
It often took 5 minutes to callout                      the name of the customer ...... not a good thing ..... when food will be traveling.
(-) 2 out of 3 carryout order had errors.
(-) Expressionless faces on those who were waiting for a table.
(-) For the most part the food was BLAND and DRY.
(-) The noise level ..... is worst then Flo's across the street.
(+) Food Freshness was good.
From the mumbling from the Folks in the pickup area ...... along with those waiting to   be seated ...... something has got to happen.
Either, It won't take an eternity to get this location ........ up to speed.
Or it'll be avoided as the word spreads.

*UPDATE*  After I had my initial disappointing experience at this location I was told to contact the store manager and I decided to give them another try.
The new manager Mike was genuinely interested in the past experience I had and wanted to rectify the issue.
I appreciate the service that he showed my family and I.
The service was excellent and the food was fantastic.
Our server was also fantastic.
It seems like they have completely worked out any issues they had, which is to be expected in a new restaurant.
I would definitely recommend this location, top notch.

I too am a big Pita Jungle fan, and have been  eagerly awaiting the opening of the new  FLW/Thompson Peak location.
I called today around 3 p.m.  and placed a take-out order for  the lentil fatoush salad, which I've had many, many times at other locations and always thoroughly enjoyed.
Upon arriving,  I was a bit  surprised to see how small the restaurant  actually is, based upon the size of their Shea and Tatum locations - I'm sure it has to be difficult getting a table during typical lunch and dinner times.
Also guessing that parking might be an issue; the area right outside the restaurant is not very large.
Obviously the Safeway shopping center has other parking areas to handle the overflow but it could potentially be a hike - not ideal when it gets hot.
Anyways, long story short, my salad was waiting for me, I paid, and brought it home.
Opened it up and discovered they forgot to put in the salad dressing.
Ate it without, consoling myself how many fewer calories I was consuming without the dressing, but it was pretty disappointing - the dressing is a huge component of the salad.
Also disappointing were the onions in it - the carmelized ones were burnt, and the raw chopped red was overwhelmingly  strong.
Even the cucumbers had an odd taste to them.
I think I'll continue to visit the Shea location until this one has been up and running a bit longer - they seem to have some kinks to iron out.

Was very happy to see PJ in my neighborhood.
Delicious and consistent as always.
We were greeted properly by the hostess upon arrival then ushered to our table.
The service was good and got the drinks right away.
We will be back very soon.

Beware of Tapas at Pita Jungle:   While I like Pita Jungle's food, beware everyone of what Pita Jungle labels and markets as "Tapas".
While Tapas means small plates in Spain and the world over (and I have experienced it in Spain, London, LA and many other cities), Pita Jungle seems to be using the label Tapas to ripoff customers with "teaspoon servings".
I got 2 meager shrimp for $1.50 each and two paltry mussels for the same amount.
They must be laughing all the way to the bank, while I went home hungry.
What's more, when I earnestly brought this up to the manager, he patronized me asking me if I knew what Tapas was.
Clearly it is he, who does not know what Tapas means, or he wouldn't take that attitude with customers.
If you are going to market your company on serving Mediterranean  food like Pita Jungle does, at least do your research and market, serve & employ staff who know what it really means and serve small plates...not teaspoon servings.
It's just more honest.

Went here for lunch today.
Service was quick, my gyro tasted great, and my server Ann Marie rocked!
Will definitely go back.

Always excited to see new Pita Jungle locations.
Food is great as always.
Will go back soon.

Jaclyn was an awesome!
It was my second time there.
I sat at the bar and had a few drinks and took food to go.
The gyro is great!

I was so excited to hear that PJ opened next to my work!
I love how trendy the decor is and the food is even better!
I could eat that grilled chicken and hummus everyday if I could!
Last time I tried the Grilled Veggie salad, it was a large portion and delish!

First time my bf was medication and didn't remember the first time we ate here.
He hated the first time.
Bland.
Gyros NOT from a big wheel of meat.
Seemed like vegetarian gyros.
Well he remembers yesterday and how bad it was.
He thinks he got those gyros in prison.
20 years ago.
Yipes.

After a crazy long day of work I decided to go grab a quick bite to eat at this new location close to my office.
I am a long time customer of Pita Jungle and very familiar with the menu and quality of food.
While I can't say I've visited every Pita Jungle in the Phoenix area, I can honestly say that this was the best service I have ever had at a Pita Jungle.
My server's name was Kelsey and she made the entire experience worth coming back.
Kelsey was quick to point out item's that were new to me on the menu, and catch me up to speed with the drink specials.
This to me is often something servers overlook.
I was happy to kick off my visit with a margarita, on special, and have everything else delivered in a timely manner.
Kelsey was also quick to keep the table clean and bring me my check when I was ready to head home.
Thanks again Pita Jungle for hiring this amazing server!
I will be back!

I have to agree that the quality here is not at the same level as the one on Shea.
The chicken is often fatty and the tuna is often fishy to the extent that I'm not comfortable eating it and end up throwing it out because it doesn't even seem suitable to feed my dog.
I have ordered the Mahi Mahi twice and the first time it was a normal size meal, the second it was so tiny it did not seem like an entree.
The hummus is still great, especially the cilantro one.
The salads are smaller but still good quality but the pita is not good at all.
The take out girls are very nice.
The restaurant is great with substitutions but I have to agree they need to improve the quality of their food.
After my experience on yet another take out order tonight I take back what I said about them bring good with substitutions.
Tonight I asked for no pine nuts and got my good home to see pine nuts.
Luckily my issue was not liking the taste and not an allergy.
I love how close this one is but may need to go to the one on Shea instead.

Once again you messed up.
When a person asks to not have items included such as onions or raisins it means they do not want them!!!
Also ripe cucumbers are not soft and are not discolored.
Yours consistently are both of these.
I have tried you many times but after this take out disaster I'm done with you Pita Jungle.
You simply stink!!

This was my first time going to Pita Jungle, though I've heard good things from my boyfriend's sister, who lives nearby.
All in all, eating here was a pleasurable experience.
The food was non-greasy, and if you have kids the menu has good options for them to choose from.
Plus, the happy hour here is great!
(So, I've heard.
Just by looking at the menu, I loved the prices.
)   Our waiter, Anthony, was very helpful and checked on us often to make sure we were well taken care of.
As for food, we ordered starters: jalapeño hummus, spanakopita, tzatziki, and the greek pita.
Also, the mushrooms.
Delicious!
Wish there was one of these near me in LA!

It's always a great experience going to this pita jungle location.
The staff is always friendly and the food is always great.

As always, love the Pita Jungle food.
The atmosphere is lacking.
Very cold, sterile, and I'm not one to enjoy cold metal seating.

As one other reviewer also stated, I got food poisoning from this establishment.
How can I tell?
Well I had lunch there yesterday at 2:30 and then just watched it come all back up a half hour ago.
I ate 17.5 hours ago.
Food shouldn't sit in your stomach for more than 8 hours.
Didn't even eat anything in between because I felt progressively worse after lunch.
Like everyone else is saying...go to the one on Shea, never had a problem with that place ever and I've lost count if how many times I've been there.

I'm pretty disappointed to write this review as I LOVE every other Pita Jungle I've been to.
However, as other reviews have stated, this location is really struggling.
I've been a few times now and service has always been very slow.
It was better tonight, but the food was the big problem.
We ordered hummus and pita, and though it came out quickly, when passing the pita around we noticed one of them was soggy and covered in some type of pink/red stain.
Turns out they put a paper towel in the bottom of the pita bin and we just literally got the bottom of the barrel that had been sitting on the towel.
Not sure how sanitary it is to serve that.
I ordered the lavosh shawarma wrap which I've had many times at other locations.
This time, it came out with no sauce on it and I had to ask for the sauce.
By the time it came out, the lavosh had dried out and the whole thing fell apart.
Also, the side salad had no dressing on it, and I had to get a side of dressing for that too.
My husband's also didn't have dressing on it.
Overall, it was (another) really disappointing trip to this location.
We have such high hopes because it's in our neighborhood, but both my husband and myself said we'd rather make the trip to other locations rather than come back here.
I know they haven't been open that long, so hopefully they work things out.

I was so relieved to read the rest of the reviews on what a disappointment this location of pita jungle has been (I thought I was hallucinating).
The service is slow, and on more than one occasion the hostess and the servers have acted like they were doing us a favor to provide us with any customer service.
It's just odd.
I was so excited to see they were going to open this location so close to my house, but the quality of food is not at all like the other pitas, namely the one on Shea.
It's really unfortunate because I have to ask myself if I walk to this location but deal with everything mentioned above, or get in my car to drive to another one just to get the quality I expect.

We stopped in tonight because we had heard rave reviews about the one on Shea blvd.......this clearly is not the same owner,...... We were seated right away by a shabbily dressed hostess who didn't say too much, then a waitress with no name tag, a tank top with her breasts showing and tattoos all over gave us our menus and walked away......she came back a few minutes later and took our order.....as this was going on, I watched a server with a baseball cap on serve food to tables with gloves on and garnish or whatever he was doing with the same pair of gloves.....now mind you, gloves are fine, but when you then proceed to wipe off whatever got on your gloves on the butt of your pants, that's where  I draw the line at nasty!
!..I then read some of the reviews on here and was horrified that more than one review had complained of food poisoning!!!!
Oh hell no!!!!
I told my husband we need to go, and told him what I had observed, and the reviews on here.....we booked it on out of there before our food even came.....I will not return......not unless they clean up their sloppily dressed wait staff and teach them some " clean" ways to serve food and proper ways to dress.....get them some nice t shirts with your logo on it or something....and for gods sake, a name tag!
!...people serving things in a tank top with breasts exposed isn't my idea of professional or clean......and clearly if people are getting food poisoning, maybe someone needs to teach the cooks a little more about food safety.

SO EXCITED to have Pita Jungle so close to our home!
Yipee!!!!!
If you haven't been OR you have been and you haven't had the  "Caramelized Cauliflower with Tahini", YOU MUST ORDER THIS!!!
It's a great appetizer and easily shared amongst two people.
I love the chicken tiki masala as well, YUMMERS!!!!
Of course this location is pretty new so they have "things" to work on but stop by and give them a try!

I am a HUGE Pita Jungle fan and was patiently (or impatiently if you ask my husband) waiting for this location to open.
Lucky for me, it's super convenient.
It is across the street from my work and since I live less than 10 minutes away from work, it's really close to my home as well.
That is a huge plus in my book since I can go for lunch or dinner.
When it opened, my husband and I went for happy hour.
(Happy Hour is between 3-6pm and then a reverse happy hour from 9pm-till close.
) When we arrived, the place was packed.
Tons of folks waiting at the Hostess station, which is also the To-Go station (since then, the layout has changed slightly so that the hostess is further back as to not crowd the entrance).
We put our name on a waiting list and while there was some confusion around who was there first and who was or wasn't on the list, we were seated within 15 minutes.
We sat at a bar style table, directly next to the kitchen (we could watch them prep food) and across from the bar.
Our waiter was the actual bartender, so he was really busy running back and forth from our table to the bar.
This delayed our food and drinks.
However, the happy hour pricing is great and I would highly recommend it.
The food is also delicious and compared to the other Pita Jungle's around, it tastes the same.
Since our first encounter, we have been back three more times.
Of these three times, two experiences have been relatively good (really nice waitresses, food/drinks arrived quickly, etc) but one of the experiences was soured with extremely slow service.
(Folks seated after us received their drinks/entrees before us.
No apologies or real comment on the matter from the wait staff.
Must have been an off night?
)  Overall, I love the food and happy hour.
The service is hit or miss.
I know they are relatively new, but the location has been open almost 3 months now and I hope they get it together.

Excellent food, and outstanding service.
I am so glad they have finally opened Pita Jungle close to where I live.

Why isn't there a Pita Jungle in every city in America?
I've been hearing about this place for a while now from all my Arizona peeps.
So when I finally made plans to visit the dry heat desert of Scottsdale, Pita Jungle was at the top of my list of places to go.
I browsed through some of the reviews here and have come to the conclusion that Yelpers in Arizona either have the highest (maybe even unattainable) standards or they are just a bunch of Negative Nancies.
My experience was perfect.
My server, Delaney, was knowledgeable and witty.
Having never been there before she directed me to get some great dishes which included the Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus which tasted like a fresh creamy treat from heaven.
I also had the Chicken Tikka Masala which infused coconut with the most wonderful masala sauce I've had in my life.
One of two things now has to happen.
Pita Jungle becomes the next Chipotle and starts popping up all over the country or I'm considering moving to the Scottsdale area and buying a place within walking distance of Pita Jungle.

This PJ's food is as good as any of the others, which is excellent.
We ordered the hummus trio for starters, and a chicken philly and Greek gyro for the main entrees.
Both were hot, delicious, and we wanted for nothing insofar as the food goes.
A couple things that seem to be a recurring theme in this area is the lack of enthusiasm in the staff.
Maybe it's the local youth who work in restaurants around MMR, but there is a general malaise about them that you don't find in other parts of town.
Another thing many restaurants do that I find annoying is seat you RIGHT on top of another table even though there are many others available!
I know this helps the server maintain his/her section, but it's annoying to overhear the next table's conversations when I don't NEED to!
Please take note of this, PJ.
: )  Other than that, this place is awesome and we look forward to riding our bikes down here to HH.

After 5 or 6 trips to this location, I can't say I've had a bad meal though service was slow on a couple of occasions.
I love the hummus, they have a few different kinds and you really can't go wrong with any of them, baba ganoosh is delicious, spanakopita, lentil salad, black bean burger, veggie garden wrap - all really good choices.
Falafel pita is awesome but the hummus and tabbouleh pita is outrageous.
They give you big portions of hummus and tabbouleh with a pita on the side, it's the one leftover I consistently eat.
My husband raved about the Gambas Con Ajo.
I would like the option of a whole wheat pita and I wish they were warm when they are served on the side but that's really just my Pita Jungle wish list, not a complaint.
The parking is good here too so that's another plus.

This place presently surprised me.
Great food, great atmosphere and a full bar with happy hour!

What a great location!
It is pretty new, and I love it because it is super convenient to pop over on my lunch hour.
The decor is beautiful; more modern and trendy than many Pita Jungles I've been to, but in an awesome way.
They have lovely and unique light fixtures throughout, and the restaurant features a pallette of silver, light blue, and grey tones throughout.
There are some neat rustic accents as well, including wooden "banquette" seating on the patio that is just gorgeous.
The patio is covered and can be enclosed with plastic "windows" - we sat outside on a day that was just a little cool and it was so comfortable!
The indoor section opened to the patio through several sets of nanodoors, which were kept open.
The patio seating was very comfortable.
We had a wonderful server who was very prompt and checked in regularly.
She accidentally dropped a fork at the table next to us  (which startled everyone) but she had a great sense of humor about it, apologizing and laughing about making everyone jump a foot.
The food was great, as usual - delicious pitas and hummus.
I got their Mahi Mahi with Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus, Pita Chips, and pea tendrils.
It was very good, although the pita chips were heavily dusted with a red powder that covered my fingers and rubbed off on my face and clothes - I was a disaster by the end!
Definitely recommend being careful with those.
Pricing is just a little high for a lunch spot, I'd be happier if the items were $1-2 less each, based on the quality, but honestly the setting and service made me overlook that completely.
If you're in North Scottsdale and want to hit Pita Jungle for lunch, definitely try this location!

Wow!
Talk about delicious!
So I'm having a Lavosh pizza here at Pita Jungle and it is absolutely amazing.
Service has been awesome since the moment I walked through the door, and the environment is just really chill.
Definitely found a new lunchtime favorite.

+++++  Well I'll be a son of a gun +++++    From Yesterdays experience this location appears to of turned the corner ..... in a good way.
My Wife, Daughter, Grand Daughter and I had an OUTSTANDING food experience along with great service.
I'm now comfortable in saying ...... this Location will meet or beat your expectations.

Not Your Typical Pita Jungle  I sadly have to say I agree with the other reviewers who were disappointed with their experiences here.
I suggested returning there this evening but my husband turned it down, too, after our initial try a couple of months ago where we were pretty much ignored when we walked in before the hostess sauntered up to station, more or less grunted at us and we followed her to a table that was thisclose to the one next to us.
The atmosphere was not at all like any of the other PJs at which we've dined - sterile looking, dismal and dingy - my husband's main reason for passing it up this evening.
Plus the wait for service and our courses was fairly long.
Nothing impressive to consider returning although in all fairness for a proper review, I suppose we ought to consider doing so.
In their defense, they're a new establishment and perhaps working on getting some kinks out.
Still doesn't make up for the decor and uncomfortable feeling of sitting in such close proximity to other diners.

Headed here for lunch on a weekday since it's close to my job.
We went a little earlier than normal lunch hours, since places in Scottsdale fill up quickly around noon.
We were greeted and seated right away and the hostess was very welcoming.
After a couple of minutes our waiter came over and grabbed our drinks.
We both opted for the gyro with roasted potatoes (a little extra to add on the potatoes).
Both meals were cooked perfectly and the roasted potatoes were very tasty with a good seasoning on them.
The parking lot can be a little tough to navigate during busy hours, so just be aware that if you go at noon, it will most likely take longer to get in and out.
Overall: A Good lunch stop (from parking to paying - 45 minutes).
You can order ahead and grab-and-go if needed.
Servers were nice, food was tasty.

A few friends and I stopped by last night to try out this new location, and it's a hit!
It's super cute inside, with a large enclosed patio, interesting decor, etc.
It's definitely one of the cooler-looking Pita Jungles.
The food was delicious - definitely up to par with my expectations based on other locations, and that's saying something wonderful.
We ordered a tri-flavor humus, coconut curry soup and the honey sesame ahi salad.
Our friends had the shrimp linguine and the Mediterranean platter.
The flavors and preparation were excellent on every item.
My ahi was perfectly cooked and the salad was lovely, the soup was full of flavor, the humus was large and yummy.
The Med platter was packed with an impressive array of items and the shrimp linguine even seemed to have more veggies than usual.
The only downside was that the pitas were a little dry.
I've gotten several different take-out items from this location, and they were tasty, as well!
Check your takeout order before leaving - mine was missing pitas once and they don't include plastic ware by default.
The service was just ok, but that's pretty par for the course at PJs.
After a few more visits, this might bump up to 5 stars.
If you've never been to this delightful local chain before, Pita Jungle serves the most delicious, healthy food for a great price.
Almost everything on the menu is incredibly flavorful and never heavy.
Suggestions include the famous hummus, the pita and lavosh sandwiches (generous portions bursting with flavor), wonderful lavosh pizzas, and the delicious seared ahi tuna dishes.
The side vegetables and potatoes are both amazing, and you can get the veggies steamed, so you can even come here on a diet.

Great tasty food at reasonable prices Try the chicken Swarma  much delicious Tapas are fantastic!

Very dependable.
Food is good.
Service is usually quick.
Feels healthy.
Good standby/goto restaurant, especially when you want something reliable and reasonably quick but don't want fast food.
If tattoos offend you this is not the right place for you because it would appear that tats are mandatory in order to get a job here.

As usual the food was great, the service was friendly and the price was right.
This is a special restaurant in our neighborhood and it is both family friendly and a great date night.
It has become our once-a-week fix.

When it first opened the service was horrible.
I think we went 5 weeks straight before we got service that didn't get the order wrong.
However, since then it has been the same fabulous service and food we are accustomed to at the Chandler location.

Come here quite often for lunch, must have been a bad day.
I was here on Friday the 23rd with a group of colleagues.
As usual, we ordered a couple plates of hummus - green.
As I'm scooping some of it up on my fork, I notice a round green object hiding in my scoop.
I assumed it as a jalapeño since the hummus is jalapeño/cilantro.... NOPE.
As I inserted that delicious bite of hummus into my mouth, I found that the little green object was a ruse; a rubber band in disguise.
I informed our waiter, who was pretty slow on the refills and wasn't quite aware of how to place drinks on the table without excess body contact or reach.
He replaced the hummus, not providing any apology.
The replacement wasn't even comped.
On a positive note the hummus today was much better than last time - rubber band free.
As was the service.

I simply love this place.
I love it so much that I have no shame admitting my membership in that oft-derided (by patrons and employees alike) class of people known as "regulars.
" While its proximity to my house is a bonus, I go for two reasons: the food and the staff.
I've sampled pretty much everything on the menu, and I like most of it.
For the price, it's hard to find a better casual Mediterranean-Lebanese-and-surrounding-areas inspired restaurant with reasonable prices and quick service (sometimes the food comes out too fast!).
I am partial to the falafels and all of the lavash wraps (highlights include the turkey pesto and the lavash shwarma), but there are some hidden gems that you might not expect to be as savory as they are (I'm looking at you, garlic mushrooms and cold salads).
The place can be busy and a bit noisy during lunch and dinner, but I've hardly ever had to wait.
If, however, you're not satisfied with the table situation, I highly recommend the bar.
It is more comfortable than it looks, and, if you come on the right night, you'll get to enjoy the company of Pita Jungle's veteran bartender, Jaclyn, who pours a mean chai (they do have those) and can tell when your drink needs a refill even when it appears that your drink is not in her direct line of sight (this is the true sign of an experienced restaurateur)*.
This may possibly be the most important legacy of her time in the trenches of the Old Town Scottsdale club scene, her seeming clairvoyance in all matters related to beverages.
The pleasures of the bar, however, are not limited to the fact that my food is always prepared exactly to my not-so-elaborate specifications, or that my glass is never more than half-empty.
At this point, the food plays second fiddle to Jaclyn's acerbic, but refreshing personality.
Her company has become an enjoyable part of my twice-weekly (often thrice) Pita Jungle excursions, especially when all it takes to upgrade to first class is the delivery of a piece of chocolate, however small.
A bartender who is always on her toes, and whose conversation is a welcome respite from the soul-wasting, quotidian struggle with traffic, work, and  the other assorted charms of adulthood, is proof enough that life can be enjoyable.
While this review has perhaps morphed into an elaborate panegyric about the unacknowledged gem of Pita Jungle's staff, the other reviews on this site are proof enough that service counts just as much as food, and this place excels at both.
It is nothing short of a proverbial breath of fresh air in the Scottsdale restaurant scene, which has been stuffy for some time.
And this despite the fact that they serve Pepsi, not Coke.
*Perhaps a technically incorrect use of the word "restaurateur," but it sounded good, didn't it?

Food is good, service is also good.
A group of us met here for a work day lunch and our food was presented to the table really fast.
However, while we were sitting at the table our conversation started about how we could not tell the staff from the patrons.
In fact the patrons were dressed better than the staff.
No shirts that say "Pita Jungle"and in some instances the waitress's had barely any clothes on at all.
This is Scottsdale!
not a beach hut and a stripper lounge.
We were somewhat turned off by all the skin, tattoos, butt cheeks and camel toes.
C'mon management bring some class to the joint.

Deceive your diet!
Indulge in any of the appetizers and entrees knowing your feeding your body with something that's not only nutritious but tastes delicious!
Sure bets are the Caprese salad, Chicken Shawarma, and Pesto Lavosh Turkey Wrap.
Prices are under $15 and portions are generous.

This was my 2nd visit and probably last.
My gyro was just OK and we were charged for an extra beer.
Waitress was pleasant and corrected the bill.
Besides the mediocre food, really don't enjoy the staffs overly casual dress and that they only seem to hire young people with as many tattoos as possible.
Kills the atmosphere for me.

I love this Pita Jungle!
I come here once a week on my lunch break and I always sit at the bar.
Matt, who works the bar when I am there, is seriously amazing.
He remembers what I drink, my name and it seems he is like that with everyone.
Love him -he's super fast too, I don't know how he multi-tasks so well.
My food always comes quickly which is appreciated and it always tastes good!
I would definitely recommend this location of Pita Jungle to anyone looking for fast service and great food.

I love, love, love Pita Jungle.
Always have.
Was stoked when they opened their DR location, now this one.
But....but.
I feel like there's been a change since the first time I went to a Pita Jungle and when I went today.
Same great menu, I think the food still tasted great, but I didn't feel the same sort of energy or enthusiasm or...something...that I have felt before when I've been to PJ.
I came here during a busy lunch hour, and I truly felt like just another customer that they wanted to rush out the door.
Our server was fine, but not great.
The food was reliable, but there was no pizzazz like I have seen and felt before.
Also, this location is very small and the tables were cramped.
I could barely hear my table mate because it was so loud.
The need to invest in some soundproof something, because it is way too noisy in there.
I will come back because it is so close to work, but I just didn't "feel" that something special I have felt before.

So I have been to this place quite a few times, and seeing that I life right around the corner it's very convenient for me and the food has always been great.
The reverse happy hour is my favorite time to go because it's great food at a great price ($2 per item).
The last few times I have been there I sat at the bar and had the best service ever from a waitress by the name of Jaclyn.
Not only was she easy on the eyes but her service and attention to detail was top notch.
We had great conversation the entire time but it certainly didn't take away from the other patrons that were sitting at the bar.
They got the same level of service that I was receiving.
All in all this place is great and if you go sit at the bar or ask for Jaclyn, it will be the best service you get.

This is the best place in town for kids meals.
They are healthy with large portions, and the kids actually like to eat them.
I gave them 3 stars because I find the wait staff to be less than enthusiastic.
They'll take your order, but act like they are doing you a favor.
When I told my waitress the kids were starving and please bring out their food as soon as it is ready, no to wait for the adult meals, she almost rolled her eyes.
Who does that?

