The bar itself is beautifully decorated.
It has classic famous paintings on the ceiling, which is a really cool touch (Hence the name 'Art Bar').
Comfortable couches & chairs to lounge in while you are sipping your cocktails.
Fortunately for me, I was attending a work happy hour and drinks were free, so I can't speak to the service.
There were waiters walking around clearing & asking everyone if they wanted another drink which I thought was really nice.
They definitely didn't want anyone to be empty handed.
I would totally go back & check it out with some friends!

Took a BFF out for his birthday, and I must say, for cocktails in the afternoon this place is awesome.
The bartender that worked that day (Jackson) was amazing, and made a created drink for us to try.
The Pub Cheese is great too, especially if you are a cheese lover!

Staying at the Grand Downtown, I saw this bar in the lobby and decided to check it out while waiting for check in.
The decor is nice, with a bunch of comfy couches and chairs and a well stocked bar and cute bartender at the end but I didn't realize why the bar was named so...until I looked up.
The ceiling is packed with classic art pieces and golden frames with lights scattered far and in between.
Similar to the Artisan but nowhere near as dark and creepy.
The effect was enough for me to smile and snap a few dozen pictures and order one too many drinks.
But hey, again, downtown is proving itself to yield some of the most unexpectedly pleasant places that treats both the eyes as well as the stomach.
More so the former than the latter in this case.
I still prefer the Mob Bar but this place definitely has potential :) coming back soon.

See John he will make you feel at home.
Nicest boy.
I bet he has a really beautiful girlfriend who likes three doors down or something.
But no matter.
I'm staying at the grand and I enjoy a tipple or six so john is my go to man.
The bar itself is very exposed brick and Edison bulb whatever pastiche you'd expect of a bar in a hotel in a rapidly gentrifying neighborhood in Las Vegas of all fucking places.
But the bartenders and the company is legit.
Grab a big Alice in Wonderland chair and plan your next move.
I plan to.

I would love to give the Art Bar 5 stars.
Which at one point I would do without second thought.
However,  they moved the employee that made this lobby bar worth going too.
I am a LV local,  so it's hard with so many people coming and going to get settled into a place that the bartender remembers your name,  what you drink, how your family is... John was that bartender.
Now he is working the furnace bar at the casino and it's not as good.
Your just another face in the crowd.
I wish the Grand would figure it out.
I never minded paying 12 dollars for a cocktail, because I was getting so much more than a drink.
I was getting a personal experience.
Now that's not the case.

This place is very upscale appearing and very welcoming, but the prices are very domestic, which makes it even more appealing.
Loved the vibe and will definitely be back.
The bartender we had that night was a pretty cool cat from Cleveland, or some other part of Ohio.
Good times chatting it up with him about NBA basketball.
Come check this place out if you want a different vibe from what's outside on Fremont Street.

The bar is located in the lobby of the Downtown Grand Las Vegas.
It is oddly NOT open 24/7.
Well, since it only has two walls (an open design to the lobby), it's never technically closed and allows loitering.
We were there on a Friday night and the bartenders left around midnight?
No warning either.
I also didn't see any signs showing their hours.
A group of us were in the area for dinner, so we decided to check out Downtown Grand and settled on Art Bar based on its vibe (nice decor, beautiful furniture, and relaxing).
That was probably the only enjoyable part of our evening.
The bartender tended to us rather quickly, which was very nice.
I chose the "Mozart" from their cocktails menu composed of Ketel One vodka, Midori, and a splash of pineapple juice.
My friend chose the "Monet" (Hennessy cognac, fresh lemon juice, and simple syrup).
The drinks were all right and after discovering the Yelp check-in offer of a free cocktail with cocktail purchase, we stuck with our beverages.
What followed was an odd experience.
The bartender was unfamiliar with the check-in offer and continued to tell me that it was for the "other Art Bar" - um, what?
He claimed it was the one located inside the Mob Museum (the Mob Bar?).
I said, "No, it's here" while showing him photos of the bar that was posted on their Yelp page.
He looks at my phone again and asks if he can take it to his boss.
He comes back with the same confusion because his boss is not available, but then says "okay" to the offer.
So, besides the bartender trying to convince me that there was another Art Bar when he didn't know about the Yelp check-in, he also forgot an ingredient in one of their signature cocktails, so my friend had to take it back (there were only three ingredients).
Oh, and he called it a Mo-NET.
Fail.
My advice?
Avoid this bar!
There are SO MANY other competent bars in Vegas!

