This is a new bar/grill that opened up this week in Gilbert.
I stopped in to see what it's all about and I was really impressed.
The staff was exceptionally friendly and the music was not obnoxious or loud (you can still carry on a conversation without yelling).
They feature beers on tap from Four Peaks and San Tan Brewery, as well as some of the standards.
Their menu looks great with both classic and unique dishes.
I started with the wings, because I don't have much faith in a bar/grill that can't make decent wings.
They were delicious (I went for medium, and it was a great blend of sweet and spicy).
I also ordered the pulled pork sandwich, which was excellent.
For an extra dollar, I upgraded my side to the garlic fries and, lemme tell you, WORTH IT!
Best garlic fries I've ever had!
My girlfriend is a vegetarian, so I was pleased to see that pretty much every section of the menu had something meatless for her to order.
I haven't tried the whole menu yet, but I got a stellar first impression from this place and I'll definitely be back.

Went Wednesday before Thanksgiving, nice place, the "b & g" wings are awesome, their take on "baked and grilled".
Hummus was served with warm pita chips, very good!
Wifi present, nice tv's, music not excessively loud, small but decent patio, will definitely go back!

Love the jalapeño popper grilled cheese and garlic fries!
Service is great too.
Only thing missing was some jalapeño jelly (or something similar) to dip my spicy sandwich.

New place but experienced owner.
Amazing blue cheese burger with a side of wing hot sauce.
Also have tried all the specialty drinks and you can't go wrong with any of them!

Great atmosphere, food is above standards, love the Jalapeno Boats (poppers), meat is top notch bbq, really awesome staff and owners.
A must try.
Oh and best yet, sports are always on!
This place does feel like home!

Only been open a few weeks but I've been 5 times.
Everything has been good.
The fried mac and cheese bites are awesome.
Pretty much a must try.
The first time I had the queso burger with garlic fries.
Burger was perfectly cooked, fresh good ingredients, and great flavor.
Garlic fries were great.
Next time I had the Steak Phoenix which is like a spicy phili cheesesteak.
Very good.
Also tried the steak sliders and tacos.
Out of all the things I've tried the tacos would be the bottom but they were  still good.
Just too small for my liking.
Left me wanting more.
Mac and cheese is a must try too.
Very good and cheesy.
Drinks are good.
We went one night and tried 4 different specialty drinks.
All of them were good.
Service has been great for a new place.

Second time at this location and still impressed.
It might not be five star good, but the service, consistency, and quality give it the five star rating.
As solid bar food goes, this is the best in the east valley.
Worth a try for a local bar/grill.

Great menu and awesome drink specials-I got the sloppy jose which was very flavorful and the grilled veggies were really tasty.
Definitely will be back for more!

This place has an amazing ambiance and the staff is wonderful.
We loved the happy hour menu which offers drinks that would be hard to find collectively in the east valley.
Great food too!

This place is great!
Friendly staff too.
Had the scorpion burger with garlic fries and had devil bites as an appetizer.
It was all good and cooked well.
Burger had fresh jalepenos.
I will be back to eat/drink here again.

Stopped in last night on way back from Case Grande historic site.
Glad we did.
After a beer and a moonshine flight we ordered what turned out to be very good food.
Erica was an awesome server too!
Nice place which we will return to.

This was our first time in the restaurant.
The food was good and reasonably priced.
Will be back again.

Came here based on previous great reviews and it didn't disappoint.
Garlic fries were awesome!
Very crispy and flavorful.
I got the steak Phoenix sandwich- great sandwich with a spicy mayo, the roll they served it on was perfect.
My hubby got the scorpion burger and he loved it.
Food was delicious and we will be back!

We had a Chandler Chamber of Commerce event at the Copper Still Moonshine Grill this evening and with over 100 members present I cannot say enough about the service of this establishment.
Even the owner Chuck came by and introduced himself.
Food was fabulous and we will definitely be back.
Highly recommend!

This place is really neat!
The food was good, my grilled wings were slightly over cooked but my boyfriend's grilled cheese burger was super tasty!
They have a great happy hour and boyfriend loves bourbon.
They have some great selections from local distilleries and they have $3 bourbons during happy hour on Wed!
We will be sure to check this place out again soon.

Really 3.5 stars, service was good food fair I would try it again.
Ordered the fajita salad the lettuce was torn to big.
I'd encourage the owners to consider increasing the portion of meat to their salads.
( of course there would be a price increase) but would would add value to the salad also prep the salad better.
While the garlic fries were good they were greasy.

The medium grilled wings are really good.
The patio is inviting and the heaters are next to the tables if bit gets chilly outside.
Dig this place!

I love this place.
Talia has been my server the last 2 times and does her job well.
Tried the Mac and cheese after reading a previous review.
Delicious!!
Food is great.
Grilled medium wings are fantastic too.
Must!check!this!place!out!!!

Worse blue cheese burger I have ever had.
Food was all very greasy.
My burger was dripping grease.
Very slow service and waited 40 minutes to get my meal.
Avoid this place like the plague.
I am not even sure my burger was real beef.
Yikes!

AMAZING!!!
The service was great, bartender Tara was super friendly and so much fun to talk with.
The food was frickin awesome!
You have to try the jalapeño boats, they are better than anything you have ever had!
Oh yeah don't forget the moonshine... especially the blackberry.
Yummers!
Only negative I could possibly come up with is their fries are not homemade when almost everything else is.

Had great reviews and a coupon, so I tried Cu still.
I went in on a Friday night around 7.
Every table had a party seated.
I order the baked and grilled wings, a scorpion burger with waffle fries, and a bacon avocado tomato grilled cheese sandwich with garlic fries.
The wings came charred black.
After one wing I sent them back; they were all crispy black.
The waiter offered to have them redone correctly but that carcinogenic burnt taste in my mouth lingered for a long time an I was done with wings.
Burger was a home made patty.
Not medium but juicy.
Small patty, there was plenty of just bun and lettuce bites to my burger.
Grilled cheese came cold with some of the cheese not even melted.
Not much bacon, especially for 8$, and I guess it was my mistake for thinking a mushy avocado would be good on grilled cheese.
Completely missed the mark.
Garlic fries were bleh.
Not good.
The waffle fries on the other hand were awesome.
I really wanted to like this place.
I had good service from my waiter Nick.
Nice atmosphere with big booths.
Maybe I'll give this place one more chance in a few months on a time when it's empty to get the mushroom burger and Phoenix sandwich which looked good, but not likely.

Today was my second visit to Copper Still.
The staff was very friendly both times.
Now the food was fantastic.
I'll start by saying that I like my burgers medium.
Both times the burgers were cooked to perfection.
My wife ordered the "Flux Capacitor" and loved it.
I had the "Queso Burger" and if was a fantastic mess!
I have also had the "Sloppy Jose" which was very good.
The wings are pretty good too.
The "Honey Hot" is a spicy treat, the "Medium" was perfect, and my wife loves the "PB&J".
We also tried the "Moonshine Mary" and it was one of the best Bloody Marys I have ever had!

I have been here twice and both times left happy in my tummy.
The food is amazing here.
I also love the apple pie martini!
We will definitely come back.

This place is awesome.
I love their burgers, especially the Grand Canyon burger.
Absolutely delicious.
They also have a pretty good deal on living social, $10 for $20 worth of food.
I would recommend this place to family and friends.

A new spot that we've made our new Friday night favorite.
Excellent craft beer, moonshine, and their dry heat spice rub is incredible.
Try the Scorpion Burger (Dry heat rubbed with jalapeño and spicy mayo) or the Steak Phoenix (Spicy Philly Cheesesteak) if you like a little kick.
Both if these tasty little devils have been making my mouth water since I left.
The waffles fries are good as well as the garlic fries.
My wife loves the grilled chicken sliders.
I had a bite and thought they were among the best chicken sliders I've ever had.
Decent kids options and great homemade, moonshine inspired cocktails.
The only thing I don't like is that their patio allows smoking.
We sat out there with the kids not knowing this and no one told us when they seated us.
We were stuck next to chain smoking jerks whose every other word was f@#&.
It was our fault for not checking though, so I won't let it affect my review.
This is the kind of spot that we want to see do well in the neighborhood.
The living social deal is going to put this place on the map.
It's already much busier.

I was very disappointed.
They were not busy, there were only 8 other customers in the restaurant.
There were more workers than guests!
I had to ask for menus and it took 10 minutes just to get our drinks (beer).
The staff did not pay attention to us.
They were either hanging out in groups talking or in the back.
I had to chase down the manager to get another beer because all the servers were in the back for so long.
When the food came out, it had tomato on it even though I said I'm allergic to tomato.
I could have used another drink while I was eating but nobody bothered to come by.
When it was time to pay, I had to go into the kitchen to find someone because I was tired of waiting for someone to come and help us.
This place needs serious help or it will be out of business soon.

Great little find.
The food was good.
We had the B&G wings and the Jalapenos.
B&G wings were my favorite.
Wine was tasty and the prices were very reasonable for happy hour.
We will be back.

Have come here a couple of times and it will be our go-to now.They have a fantastic happy hour, quality-wise and price-wise.
The place is prettier on the inside than the outside and it's easy to miss.
Has been pretty quiet when we've been in, around 4 pm on weekdays.
Staff is very friendly and attentive - our server remembered us from our first time there.
Yay, good local business!

Relatively new local joint close to home.
Nice decor on the inside!
Very clean.
Wait staff was good, but not great.
Now on to the food and drinks.
B and G wings were tasty.
Carne asada tacos were ok.  Steak salad was good.
They serve a good variety of local micro brews.
Need to come back for some 'shine and copper mule!
Nice place,  we will be back.

Well I have to start by saying I've never reviewed any type of business on any of the Internet review sites.
I have however eaten at restaurants all over the valley for the last 28 years.
I have been to copper still 4 or 5 times each time I've left satisfied and happy with my experience.
Tonight I was with my 10 year old nephew after a basketball game and we had an unbelievable experience.
There was a woman at a table near us that I watched throw her food,yell obscenities at the staff,and make a complete fool of herself and her young daughter.I watched the manager try to make this women happy and even offered to comp.
both of their meals,she went nuts and threw the daughters food on the table.
My nephew received his Mac and cheese at the same time this women's daughter received her  dinner (same Mac and cheese)  my nephew enjoyed his so I almost have to believe this lady was looking for a fight.
I tried his dinner just to make sure it was ok and it tasted great to me.
One last thing I have to say I own my own company and deal with customers every day.
The manager of this establishment gave a great effort trying to defuse a person that appeared miserable way before she decided to go out to eat.
Last thing I'll add is this woman yelled to the entire restaurant as she was leaving that "she was going to bury this place with bad reviews"  I often read reviews of places I'm thinking of going to try to get different opinions of quality and service.
You can almost tell sometimes when people are out of their minds.
This review seemed competent, if I hadn't witnessed this myself I wouldn't be writing this.
Take my opinion serious and realize that some people wake up miserable and go to bed miserable.
This women from the looks of it is one of them.
I'll continue to go to Copper Still as will my friends and family.
By the way the company I own is a landscape company and we are moving 22 tons of gravel in the morning........we can always use another person to help shovel rock and ......BURY......
Sprinkler lines

This place opened a few months ago, so we decided to try it.
We were there on a Tuesday night and they were full, but not on a wait.
The waitress we had was very cocky, chewing gum and just unfriendly.
Our good order came quickly, in fact our drinks didn't come for 15 minutes after our food.
The turkey sandwich I ordered was terrible.
I ordered another drink, but the waitress never brought it.
The longer we sat there, the more frustrated I got.
A different waitress cleared our table and I asked her for our check.
Waited another 10 mins before I got up and found a manager, explained to him our circumstance, he said 'she's busy in the bar'.
We were there for hour and 45 mins.
We won't be back.

This would be a Great place to bring friends.
Great place.
Good food.
Coming back.
Had black beans salad & pulled pork sandwich.

Just wrote a tip.
The food is great.
Service not so much.
Couldn't get ice tea refill.
Time to stop and take care of tables.

Wait staff was good but young-underage so could not answer questions about drink specials and didn't offer to find out.
They should at least understand the menu.
No biggie there really since menu lists main ingredients in drinks....just sit at the bar if your going for happy hour.
TVs are playing sports but they don't interfere with the rest of the atmosphere.
Music playing softly in the background but doesn't drown out conversation.
Food was awesome all around and reasonably priced.
I didn't care for my drink, though.....very bitter.
Will definitely go again!

Not my favorite place not my least though.
Could be a lunch time destination with some better training

Gilbert needed a place like this!
Great Moscow Mules and a nice variety of menu items.
Great service the two times I have been here and a patio with tv's.
A patio is always a plus!
Give it a shot!

The food was great, service was super friendly, I enjoyed the little nerdy nods (the elements on the wall, certain food names).
Went here with my partner, her dad and step mom.
We got there about ten minutes after them and they already had drinks and the roasted red pepper hummus.
The flat bread with it was good, and I really liked the hummus, but didn't detect a hint of red pepper.
For food: I got the Flux Capacitor with waffle fries.
The patty was big, almost over the sides of the bun, with about medium thickness.
It was very juicy, and thankfully still a bit pink in the middle (ordering beef well done is just living life wrong).
The waffle fries with it were awesome, finally, somewhere is able to make good waffle fries!
My girlfriend got the bacon cheese burger.
According to her is was juicy and yummy.
It had an appropriate amount of bacon to cover the burger and that it was not too crispy (though she does say nothing can ever have enough bacon).
The was quite a bit of very melted cheddar, which she loved as well.
She ordered regular fries.
The family ordered the steak sliders with onion rings (I had an onion ring, I'd give it about three stars) and a BAT with french onion soup.
Neither could finish theirs and took the rest home, so I guess that says they were pretty good, but thats the best details I have there.
While our server was super friendly, the wait time between our drinks and food was about  45 minutes.
She did stop and check on us a few times, and let us know the food would be out soon.
The food was hot when we got it, but not sure why it took so long.
The place wasn't full, and it was 7pm on a Saturday.
For drinks we all had domestic beers, so I can't say much about their drink menu.
I wish restaurants would let you know their iced tea is the passion flavour and not just  regular brewed iced tea.
Maybe its a way to sell drinks, so  you can get that awful taste out of our mouth.
Table was cleared super quick, and we were offered some cheesecake in a mason jar.
It looked good, and you could take it home if you were too full, but we were on the way to the movies.
Perhaps another time!

Great spot!
Love finding hidden away places like this.
I've had to have driven past it probably a 100 times and never knew it was there.
Good drinks (try the copper mule), and solid food (steak sliders were good-could have used a little more meat though).

Stopped in for lunch after getting my nails done next door.
Late lunch, like 2pm, so the place was pretty dead.
But I didn't mind.
Sat at the bar, had 2 different servers/bartenders help me, and both were friendly and attentive.
I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich and garlic fries based on recommendation from the bartender.
Very good, although I had garlic breath the rest of the day.
My fault for ordering garlic at lunch.
I had a couple drinks (don't judge) and they were good, not super strong but not just water either (I ordered vodka/soda).
2 thumbs up, and I will definitely be back.
Their menu has A LOT of really good looking things on it that I want to try.

Cool setting, friendly staff, locally owned and supports local brews.
Different nightly specials, like "Moonshine Mondays.
" and daily happy hours.
Food is tasty and has a unique spin on traditional items like burgers, wings, etc.
Will be a welcome addition to Gilbert.

Excellent, went for lunch on Saturday.
Buffalo bikes were crunchy with good flavor.
Southwest chic salad was delicious.
My husband had the jalapeño popper grilled cheese and loved it.
Beers were great local beers on tap.
We WILL be back!

Love this place!
Great wings great drinks.
Just don't order a Gin and Tonic not that great.
Happy hour is the best in town.

came in on a fri at about 530 and the place was pleasantly busy - good parking and seated immediately at the door.
they do happy hour 3-7p even on Friday, with a decently diverse menu.
moonshine drinks were a little fruity tooty for my taste, but my wife reminded me that not everyone wants to drink straight moonshine out of a pail.
I recommend the grilled Mac and cheese and the front porch because it is whiskey mixed with moonshine and it's the only drink that tastes like alcohol

Been back probably 15 times now since it is walking distance from the house.
Food is still 5 stars most night, but some times it isn't.
Must have a different kitchen crew at times.
The bacon wrapped hot dogs were amazing last night.
A few weeks ago the burgers/grilled cheese were blah.
They just need to work on keeping it consistently 5 star which 9/10 times it is.

Liked the atmosphere.
Has a patio with misters.
Great service.
I had the cheese burger sliders with sweet potato fries and a side of cole slaw.
Burgers were good, but my fries were overcooked and slaw was just ok. She had the pulled pork sandwich.
BBQ sauce was great and the bun was deliciously toasted.
Caesar salad was too vinegary.

We gave this place a try b/c, well, Teakwoods has really been going downhill.
What this place really lacks is an identity.
We couldn't figure the place out.
I had the Scorpion burger, which was really good.
Fresh jalapenos, cooked perfectly, excellent bun.
The chicken wings are good but aren't 'Buffalo' flavored -- more southwest flavored.
Small beer selection, but they make up for that with the locals: Four Peaks and San Tan.
Overall, not bad, more 'meh,' but didn't do enough (likely) to get us back there.

Still a three at best!
I came today in hopes I would be able to say it was better!
I would say no better no worse except the nachos were no more than a pile of chips with various stuff like cheese, tomatoes, minute cilantro and barely any meat.
The quac was good, the salsa was like it came from a can.
Anyway I'm up in the air as to my return?
I appreciate mgt taking care of the nachos but my feedback isn't any good if you don't fix the product for the next customer.

Hands down best bar in Gilbert.
Great food, great owners & great drinks.
Specials on a Friday night?
Only at Copper Still!

My husband and I had a rare occasion of a night out and decided to try this local restaurant.
We absolutely loved it!
The food was amazing and the service was great!
I would definitely go back again and again!

Still awesome!
The Apple Pie Martini is still yummy in my tummy!
I also tried their French Onion Soup and Grilled Cheese Sandwich (cheese overloaded... yeah) and that was delicious!
Great local bar... enjoy sitting outside when it's not hotter than 95°

Nice diverse menu.
Recommend the sliders and garlic fries as an appetizer.
Good beer selection with my favorite IPA from four peaks.
Good service and comfortable seating.
Second time here and very enjoyable.
Will definitely come back.

The garlic fries are to die for!
Terrific menu, friendly service and innovative drinks.
Yum!
I'll be back.

This was our first visit to Moonshine Grill.
When we arrived the owner seated us and informed us that kids eat free on Tuesday, which was great since we had 2 with us.
The owner was very nice and checked on our table a few times.
We ordered the cheese sauce and the guacamole for an appetizer.
The cheese sauce was very runny so I didn't really like it much.
My husband said the guacamole was pretty good.
For lunch I had the grilled cheese hamburger and it was soooo good, my husband had a bite and also loved it!
I was disappointed with the sweet potato fries because they were so soggy.
Our daughter got the waffle fries and chicken tenders, she really liked the waffle fries.
I would definitely give this place another try, especially to have the grilled cheese burger again.

This place has a lot of character!
They also have the meatiest wings I've ever eaten.
They were slightly charred in the oven, but the taste was great and they were oh, so, meaty!
I went with some buddies for trivia night on a Thursday, and I was very pleasantly surprised.
We ended up winning trivia and got a $30 gift certificate.
Awesome prize that can almost pay for a drinks tab!
The beer was excellent as well; good selection and price.
Very courteous wait staff, combined with a great atmosphere and great food earns a five star review in my book.

