First time here and I must say it was delicious and you definitely got a lot of food for a reasonable price!!!
I highly recommend it and I will definitely be coming back Also very good customer service!

So nice to have a Japanese-Style curry place on the east side of town!
They have about 5 different styles of curry here including a plain one and I opted for the chicken version.
You can get the chicken either fried or grilled/lightly pan fried and I opted for the latter.
The meal took about 20 minutes and was a bit of a long wait as the waitress said she got the orders mixed up and had to redo them.
They did give us a free dessert to apologize for the wait and I thought that was a nice gesture.
The curry itself isn't really comparable to some of the curry joints in town, but it is a nice quick drive when I want my Japanese curry fixed.
I just wished they had some pickled stuff to go on my curry like the other restaurants in town.
Service is nice and prices are pretty good on the pocket.
I'll be back when I'm craving and don't want to drive to China town.
Hopefully they get more menu items and condiments to match in order to up the east side curry game and keep me really coming back for me.. we'll see!

Finally an Asian spot on the east side!
It's hard to compete with china town but I was pleasantly surprised.
After my first visit today is definitely go back.
The price is right, the food quality was good, and the place was clean with a nice staff.
You basically pick a meat to go with your curry sauce and rice.
I'm accustomed to eating Japanese curry at home.
It's simple and cheap to make.
I'd definitely say I know a thing or two about food curry.
They have beef, grilled or fried chicken, veggie, or plain.
Comes with the meat and comes with white rice and the sauce.
You can order sides also.
I believe they all come with the same sauce which has a bit of a spice to it.
First of all the counter girl was awesome.
She asked if I was a first timer and also checked with the kitchen for wait times on the orders.
I thought that was really cool of her.
Anyways my order was Tonkatsu pork to go.
The girl have me instructions on reheating which I thought was awesome.
The amount of sauce they gave me seemed excessive but when I ate it all with the rice is say it was a food amount.
It was served with some pickled ginger on top which was nice.
The sauce itself was good.
It had a lot of heat.
The heat might even have been a bit much IMO.
I would have liked it to have more depth of flavor and less heat but it was still good.
The rice they used was really good.
I'd say it is about 1.5-2 cups of white rice.
The Tonkatsu was perfectly fried and juicy.
I'd say it was lacking in the flavor department.
It could have used some salt.
Again the lightly breaded pork was fried perfectly.
Also this isn't pounded like Hawaiian Katsu chicken.
Overall I'd definitely go back.

First, I have to mention that the people who work this store are extremely nice and fun to talk to!
Out of all the Asian peoples, the Japanese are known to have the greatest customer service--it's true.
:)   Oh!
Curry is a restaurant that is new and pretty clean, with a large bench of tables that you could hella throw birthday parties in and a pretty straightforward menu!
We visited this location because my friend adores Japanese curry and I just love curry in general; and I was not disappointed.
Their curry was extremely cheap and pretty good!
(I do wish the regular had more spice though lol) The price is legit; they give you a lot of rice, a lot of curry, and a good amount of meat!!
They also have some sides: fried chicken, fries, and tonkatsu.
These you can buy separately and dip in curry--YUM!
Also, that jelly dessert is just delicious.
I don't even like orange flavored things, but it was great!!
And the owner told us that he was adding coffee jelly to the menu and let us taste it--IT WAS BOMB.
The man is gonna be known for that coffee jelly, guys.
They should really add more jelly flavors to their menu because it's just too good to pass up!
We didn't order a drink, but soda is 1.29 and bottled water is --under a dollar--.
Even at gas stations, that can be rare lol.
So, I'm in love with their curry, and I will be trying their hottest curry next time

WHY: WOOHOOO!!
There is finally a Japanese curry place on the East Side!!
THAT'S WHY!
=D  WHO: Bring your entire family!!
I believe they do a free meal for kids if you eat there (check me on how many kids though, lol).
WHEN: Monday through Saturday they are open from noon-9pm, Sundays from noon to 8pm.
WHERE: In the small plaza on the corner of Nellis & Stewart (right beside Shell gas station).
WHAT: First and foremost... Can I get a HALLELUJAH?!
I am so thankful that this Cute Curry Cafe (you like that alliteration, don't you?
Lol) opened right down the street from my house!!
(because I randomly have curry cravings).
Japanese curry is a fusion of different spices from Asia, and is certainly delicious and Tasty!
It comes in three levels of spiciness: Mild, Regular, & Hot.
There are different combos such as Tonkatsu (Pork cutlet) curry, Vegetable with curry, chicken with curry, and you can even request their fried chicken with curry.
Whatever you choose is a good choice, but I personally recommend the Tonkatsu curry!
It is just worth your TIME AND MONEY!
On the dessert end, they have an Orange jello called the "Orange Dream" topped with whipped cream.
NOTE** If you're curious and willing to try, they have this BOMB.ORG coffee jello topped with whipped cream.
It's not on the menu yet, but ASK FOR IT!
It is absolutely REFRESHING!
& If the curry, rice & your choice combo doesn't seem to suffice your TUMMY, try the french fries with curry, or the fried chicken with curry, where the curry acts as a dipping sauce.
Decor-wise walking in, it is bright orange and definitely brightens my mood!
It is a peaceful place to eat, and the employees are absolute darlings!
It will definitely become my second home soon.
=X hahaha.
Random: A few days ago I chose to bring one of my friends here, and it was the perfect timing because the owner happened to be there!
=) He is such a friendly Japanese man who is all SMILES!
I got to chat with him a bit and SECRET... he is going to start serving CURRY UDON!
That I am freaking excited for!
CURRY ON NOODLES?!
WHO COULD REFUSE?!
- I CAN'T!
So come down to the East, and take a look-see, you will definitely enjoy it!
Try the coffee jello, and I will fill you all in when Curry Udon is up on the menu!
=D SMILES!

Great food, the curry is the best in town.
Mild, medium or hot, it don't matter, all great.
The Katsu curry is the bomb and the price can't be beat.
Would like to see potatoes added to the veggie curry and a few more menu items, like mochi ice cream?
Will earn a five from me with more items added.

This will be a Problem, so close to my house!
We sampled today, being our first visit.
Pork was good, curry was ok. Fries were FAB, extra crispy, and we got regular curry with it.
Tasted just like the ones I had in Japan.
Got both mellow, Orange was good, but the coffee....OMG....soooo good.
I do not like hot coffee just cold.
It is served with whipped cream and French vanilla coffee creamer....Will be perfect when it's a billion degrees this summer.
Will be back to try more soon!

This restaurant is amazing!
The quality of the food was great.
I couldn't believe how cheap it was and The portions are huge.
I've tried other curry restaurants and this one is at the top of the list.
The staff was very friendly and the inside of the place was very clean.
I Totally recommend this spot.

Surprisingly one of the best tasting Japanese-Style curry spots I've had in a while.
Very early in its stages, but very good curry!
Owner is very accommodating.
Good spot!

This is a nice place to go if you are hankering for Japanese Curry and don't want to schlep to Chinatown.
The place is spartan and clean.
There are English and Spanish flyers and posters everywhere educating you on what Japanese Curry is about.
Did you know it is a Japanese comfort food?
The tonkatsu curry tasted just as it should.
There was a lot of oniony flavor to the curry.
The meat was fried just right.
I like the fries which you can dip in curry.
If you like over-processed fast food fries, you won't like these fries.
Bonus: Kids meal is free if the kid eats there.

Great curry and great service!
Their curry was delicious; served with a variety of toppings (I had veggies and chicken katsu.
YUM!
) and offered as mild, medium, or hot!
The cashier/waitress was really helpful and polite.
The restaurant was very clean and our kids ate free because we dined in.

They're curry is really tasty which is the reason for my four stars.
It would be great if they had add ons like egg, corn ect

