seemed like a new store, as soon as i stepped in i saw a huge selections on wigs and hair extensions!
they had very professional staffs and were very helpful, i have purchased high quality hair extensions that they recommended and i just love the quality of it.
i have done some research on pricing before i went, now i know i have found the best hair place in vegas!

biggest selection and best i've seen in vegas !!
the staff is friendly and very knowledgable.
they knew exactly what i wanted.
the prices here are cheaper too!

This is for my experience when shopping and the selection.
Wow!
Warehouse style shopping!
omg!
There was just so much to see!
The family running this place all took turns helping me pick out some quality keritan tip extensions.
The price was right on!
135$ for 20 inches!
Score!
I love the location it's super close to my house!
I'd say ditch canyon falls or repunzal hair stores and go here!
You won't leave disappointed or empty handed!

This place has an amazing selection and cheaper prices on hair than Hair Plus BUT I would recommend Hair Plus over this place because of the ambiance, customer service and free samples.
This place feels like I'm shopping at Costco.
I did not like the feel of this place at all.
The guy didn't ask me if I needed help, he just told me that I was looking at braiding hair, as if I didn't know.
He didn't offer to help me which was odd.
I then had to hunt him down and ask him where stuff was.
I asked him if he had cheaper braiding hair when I was checking out and instead of showing me where he points me in the direction!
I didn't have to do that at Hair Plus, the lady walked with me to show me what I was looking for.
Then when I asked for samples the lady did not give me any but instead pointed me to the overpriced ones.
I did not ask for those samples I asked for the ones you should be giving to your customers.
The companies provide those to the suppliers specifically for that.
If I wanted to buy a sample I would have asked for those!
I got the feeling that certain customers get better service so maybe I got the bad end of the stick.
I had a much better customer service experience there and so they will get the majority of my business.

I just have to say that I'm in love with this place!
it's a family owned business and they are super friendly!
As soon as I walked in, everyone made me feel welcomed and they were very knowledgeable about there products.
Chloe did a great job on my hair and everyone was so helpful!
they have a huge selection of products.
I will never go any where else for hair supplies!!!
I live 15-20 minutes away and don't mind taking the trip there because they make me feel wonderful when i leave and they are a true representation of phenomenal customer service!

I just have to say that I'm in love with this place!
it's a family owned business and they are super friendly!
As soon as I walked in, everyone made me feel welcomed and they were very knowledgeable about there products.
Chloe did a great job on my hair and everyone was so helpful!
they have a huge selection of products.
I will never go any where else for hair supplies!!!
I live 15-20 minutes away and don't mind taking the trip there because they make me feel wonderful when i leave and they are a true representation of phenomenal customer service!

Chloe is so helpful and friendly!
She provided unbiased, honest advice in buying extensions.
Her charisma is contagious and highly enticing.
She is also gorgeous

Best prices, great honest opinions, awesome service, simply the best beauty supply and salon!

