Long story short, My wife and I purchased a car from these people and i never purchase on the spot.
I wanted my wife happy though and when the salesman (who we have never been able to speak with again) got the payment right and assured us this vehicle was in new condition as they only carry the best cars and it was only 2 years old.
Well when we got the vehicle home we discovered a few minor problems with the car and i was so mad i kind of accepted it at the time because i knew since i bought used with no warranty that the salesman got one over on me.
Out of the blue GAYLON WALKER contacts me about selling me more services and when i said no way because you burned me this guy jumps to my aid saying that GAYLON WALKER can handle it.
and because we spent over 20,000(and sailed through financing making Earnhardt thousands) I said why not we deserve good treatment here too.
GAYLON WALKER told me that he would call me wed. when they moved into their shiny new 202 building (WHICH I PAID FOR) but never did finally sun i texted GAYLON WALKER a reminder (which i shouldn't have had to do).
So after that he basically texted me the next day and told me they weren't going to do a thing about it which to me after coming to me, asking for my conifidence, Gaylon Walker should have offered something.
But alas i walk away with six years of financing, and a car that now will remind me of GAYLON WALKER every time i drive it.
sigh.
So if you want to buy a car with hidden issues, and then IF you say anything accept "yes I'll buy more" then Gaylon Walker and his crew will do you wrong too....BUYER BEWARE!!!!!
THEY WILL SELL YOU A CAR WITH HIDDEN ISSUES!!!

Took the jeep in for an oil change.
price was right and my service adviser was great.
they only bad thing was that I actually was interested in a Jeep Wrangler but not one sales person so much as said hello to me in the 1 1/2 hours I was there.

i love the service there at Earnhardt Chysler Jeep Ram dealer sevices i was looking at some new trucks and some look really nice i test drive one of them and talk to a saleman Carlos mawcinitt,he was  the best salesperson that  help me .

The only reason this place gets two stars is because they keep an incredible inventory of new RAMs.
I came here four, yes FOUR times, hung out on the lot for greater than 30 minutes each time and only caught a salesman ONCE.
Now this could be a good thing as car salesman can often times be pushy, but when you want to buy a new truck then you really need to see someone.
I came up in a rental Toyota Camry and was looking at new 2500 crew cab diesels, I feel like they simply did not want to "waste time" with a "tire kicker".
This continues on as when I finally got a salesman and started talking price with him he did not go beyond window sticker.
I knew the rebates from Dodge, I knew the financing, I knew what I was talking about.
This salesman not taking the deal seriously lost them a $50k sale.
I would not recommend anyone to this dealership for sales.
I will likely give their service department a shot at earning my business as they are local to me, hopefully they are better than the previous experience.

The only reason this dealership gets 1 star is because it's the least I can give.
We purchased from Earnhardt years ago and had a terrible experience.
But we found the vehicle we wanted at a decent price and decided to give it a try again.
BIG mistake!
TERRIBLE SERVICE!
Here are our issues:  1 - The vehicle's check engine light came on 2 days after we purchased it.
(This vehicle is still under manufacturers warranty.
)  When my husband called about it they tried to give him the run around.
He did research before bringing the vehicle in and found that the issue required major engine repairs.
When dropping the car off the service advisor tried to indicate a minor issue and it wasn't until my husband shared his homework did he finally admit that there was significant word that would need to be done.
2 - About 2 weeks after purchasing the vehicle my husband received a call from the finance department demanding he pay them over $300 for the vehicle registration.
My husband refused to give them money without any paperwork or proof and was accused of being a thief by the Finance Manager AND the GM!
Ultimately, they made a mistake on the registration fees on the paperwork and blamed my husband for not reviewing it prior to signing.
Who reads the registration fee on a vehicle purchase agreement?!
And why is he stealing because they made a mistake and didn't catch it?!
TERRIBLE SERVICE!
We ended up paying it, but still have not received a receipt for the money.
3 - We have refinanced the vehicle and cancelled the GAP coverage.
Another run around to get the money back.
They have ridiculous hoops to jump through, excuses for everything and do all they can to delay any refund.
It will now take until the end of April to get our $800 back, even though it was requested the first week of March.
Every level of this organization lacks professionalism and customer service skills.
Even the General Manager accused my husband of being a thief because of their mistake on the paperwork!
How do you get return customers when you treat them in this manner?
We purchase a new car about once a year...  Never again will we purchase from an Earnhardt dealership!
Guess Tempe Dodge will make a lot more money...

Because I have to give this place a star, I am dedicating it to the service center front desk and the cashier.
Allen Clark is the most dishonest service advisor I have ever dealt with.
Not only is he dishonest, he is very lazy and takes his time.
In 5 days he did not once answer his phone.
You have to leave him a message for him to call you back, generally 2-3 hrs later.
I would highly caution anybody before they choose this dealership for service.
The service manager Greg lacked just as much customer service and care as Al did.
I was shocked at how this place operates and serves (or lack of) their clients.
I will never return to this crooked dealership for service again.
If you have to, defiantly avoid Allen (Al) Clark.

I would give this dealership zero stars if I could.
I have had nothing but problems with a used car (08 Dodge Avenger) from them that supposedly "was inspected".
I was given 4 practically bald and dangerous tires.
The car ultimately needed an alignment too.
They wouldn't replace them even with take offs for a cost.
I've already replaced 2 power window regulators and just found out the battery is practically dead and the brake rotors were warped.
The salesman sold me on the Bluetooth included feature...it's Bluetooth ready, not included.
I WILL NEVER USE THIS DEALER FOR SERVICE OR BUY ANOTHER VEHICLE FROM THEM.
Worst experience ever buying cars and I've been through several.

We searched high and low for the best truck out there and came to the conclusion the Dodge 2500 Cummings Diesel was the one to buy.
Mike Harding, Ace, and Victoria were top notch.
Enjoyed every step of buying our new truck!
Thanks guys for making the buying experience a good one!

I really hate giving bad reviews.
And sadly, I cannot even comment on the services they provide because it didn't even get far enough for me to receive any.
I have called this company no less than 6 times to make an appointment for service for two separate cars.
I am always forwarded to a specific rep, I get his voicemail and proceed to be ignored indefinitely.
Do I have to just bring my car in and say 'surprise, I'm here!
" in order to get an oil change?
The lack of response makes me not want to use this company for anything and that will flow over to when it's time to buy a car as well.
I remember a time when businesses would bend over backward to get your business and prayed that their phones would ring.
Nowadays it seems they just don't care and customer calls are more of a nuisance than the sound of money.
Very sad - will never do business with Earnhardt's.
I too would give zero stars if it were an option, 1 is too many since I can't even get a service rep to pick up a phone or call me back

It's taken me a while to write this, as this incident occurred the week the dealership moved to this new location...but the experience was so horrible, I have to share.
My car buying experience here was fine.
The typical pushy salesman, however I am a good enough haggler (who knew?
) that after an hour of back and forth with them, and just about leaving twice, I got exactly the payment, interest rate and loan period I knew I deserved with my exceptional credit score.
Move forward a few months, and I have a check engine light on my brand new car.
I call to make an appointment to have it checked out, and after being transferred to 3 or 4 different equally surly representatives, I am able to get in the next morning at 7 a.m.  Now, this dealership was a 25 minute drive from me; however, since the buying experience was fine I decided to stay with them for the repairs as well.
I manage to get out of the house early, with my 2 year old in tow, and get to the dealership right on time...only to discover that they had moved.
Their first day open at this location was literally the DAY before, when I had called to make the appointment.
The man I spoke to apparently didn't think it was pertinent to inform me of this, despite going through my customer recording and seeing it had been months since I bought the car, and had not brought it in for anything since.
So, I wasted 25 minutes of my time, one way, to get here, only to find they were gone a further 25 minutes away.
Upon calling the same number I used to make the appointment, 2 or 3 surly representatives later I was back to the guy I had spoken to last time.
I received no apology; instead, he said to me, "Well...it's all over the internet and stuff that we were moving.
So.
Yeah.
"  Really?
'All over the internet', as in on your own website?
Well, big surprise, I have no reason to visit the website of the dealership I bought a car from months ago, especially since y'all put such a convenient sticker on the door frame with the phone number for the repair shop right on it.
Another 45 minutes later, my son was at daycare and I was at work calling Chapman instead.
If this is the kind of customer service they provide, I have no interest in furthering a relationship with them.
On the contrary, the people at Chapman were exceptionally friendly and prompt, and had my car fixed in less than a day, after giving me a loaner to get back to work.
The issue was rats chewing through a wiring harness.
Instead of replacing it, they were able to solder the wires together and wrap it back up, which cost less than $75 rather than a few hundred.

Wow!
I wish I had read these reviews before going in for my oil change today.
I checked in on Yelp but did not read the reviews until just now.
I can totally relate.
I had contact with 3 different female customer service reps.  Only one was semi courteous, the other two?
Zero professionalism.
No greeting, no thank you Miss Tzannos, nothing.
While checking out, a fourth representative overheard my conversation regarding an error on my bill and she came right over to adjust my invoice to 0.00.
She is the only reason Earnhardt Dodge is even getting this 1 star.
Then I was referred to Alan Clark.
I briefly spoke with him regarding my alignment issues.
No greeting.
No "Thank you for your business".
No customer service whatsoever from him and  1/2 the team that was there today.
(After reading another review below about how Alan Clark is dishonest and lazy; I will NOT be dealing with him at any point in the future.
)  Alan told me that I would be charged $69.00 for them to evaluate my vehicle for the alignment issue.
Really?
I think I'll wait and call back on Monday to speak with a supervisor.
(If that will even help)  Hopefully if not, there is another Jeep dealership I can visit.

