Great imaginative menu items and efficient ordering system!
Ingo's Tasty Food is an instant classic!

We have eagerly been waiting for this to open since they started construction.
We live across the street and are already obsessed with everything LGO hospitality touches.
This place is a great addition to the neighborhood and man was it good.
Not only is the building really cool and simple but the food is great.
We decided to sit at the counter because you are in the thick of everything.
The menu is limited which is good - they have such limited space you even wonder how they manage their current menu.
As we were sitting there we watched as they hand cut potatoes for the chips and talked with the waitress about how almost everything on the menu is made to order, even the eggs for the egg salad.
I went for the basic cheeseburger for my first dish there because I felt like you need to start with the basics at a new place.
It was awesome.
Cooked perfectly and seasoned perfectly it made for a great burger.
The patty wasn't too huge either but pleasantly plump.
Boyfriend had the Paris Texas burger which was delightful.
We shared some of the chips and I could drink the dipping sauce.
The chips were great because since they were hand cut you got a variety of texture.
We had some beer and wine and really enjoyed ourselves and will be coming back for more.
The tuna and chicken sandwiches looked awesome!!!

I wasn't going to say anything, but after another person mentioned it, thought I would just throw it out there.
I'm sure many people received the same email inviting you to attend the opening this past Sunday.
Based on the email, we were expecting to be "treated" to their food.
Upon arrival, we found out it was a paying event.
I think this was a ploy by the owners to "bait and switch" loyal LGO customers.
After looking at the limited menu, we decided to go elsewhere.
I was fairly disappointed at the antics used to lure customers to their opening.

Just sat down at ingo's.
5 stars based on Chloe our waitress.
Haven't tried the food yet.
Kidding.
Handcut chips definitely stand out from your standard side-- picture the first chef who tried dicing up a potato and fried it.
You haven't tried it before and you'll like it.
Texture was a 10, flavor lacked a bit for my taste (in all fairness I'm more of ranch and chipotle aioli on everything guy; their sauce is a more subtle sour cream flavor).
All three of us got the Paris burger-- picture a single from in-n-out for size, even your smallest of girlfriends will finish it.
Don't get me wrong, appreciated flavor versus size.
I definitely advise getting the chips (and Stone IPA) to fill up.
On to alch.
Although the simple menu is hip, I prefer a little more depth for the craft beer lineup.
Overall you'll enjoy their twist on a burger/diner joint.
The 20 minute turnaround makes it a great call after work.
If I can't post my picture you'll have to take my word for it-- you're indulging in my first yelp contribution.
Still a huge fan of Chloe.

Gourmet concession stand.
We were excited to try this new LGO concept and both felt meh about it.
I had the beet and lentil salad and my bf had the tuna burger.
Both had really good flavor but the salad was very small; best as a side dish.
The potato chips looked awesome but we didn't order them; after reading other reviews it seems we should have.
The menu is limited and aside from burgers doesn't have a lot of interesting options.
Bathrooms are gas station style- accessed from the outside and in order to use them you have to wait in line to get a key from the ordering window.
I was also bummed that my diet coke came in a (not as cold as I would hope) can served with a flimsy plastic cup sans ice.
We love LGO 's other restaurants and were hoping for more from this new spot.

Ingo's is a neat little spot, with an interesting concept.
I agree with Lindsey H. who called it a 'gourmet concession stand'.
The inside only seats about 12 people, but there is lots of outdoor seating!
The menu is also quite basic and small, but you can tell the main focus is on the ingredients.
You can get any burger Adam and Eve style (naked- with lettuce), on a LGO English muffin, or on one of there homemade hamburger buns.
I went with great company, Jon and Amy, so we each got a burger in a different style, of course Jon went naked :P   Amy had the burger with sauerkraut (Ingo Burger), I think we all agree that was the best burger and quite unique with great flavors.
Amy said, "This is the best burger I have had in a long time!
"  Jon and I were a bit jealous.
We both opted for their version of a bacon cheddar burger (Paris-Texas Burger), which had Tillamook sharp cheddar cheese (for the record I LOVE this cheese), a homemade sweet barbecue sauce, and crispy pancetta.
It was quite good, but I have had better bacon-burgers in my day.
I also found the barbecue sauce to be a bit sweet for my liking.
Jon and I still devoured every last morsel, so I am not really complaining as it was good food.
The menu was lacking side dish options and salads.
We had the spiced up potato chips that are made in house and comes with their version of a sour cream dip.
It was good comfort food, but very fried.
The only salad on the menu is a quinoa and kale salad, so if you don't like that 'stuff' you are SOL.
This is not a bar, but it is also worth noting the beer and wine options are limited...but they are only $3 during happy hour, which we managed to make by 7min (ends at 6pm).
Last but not least, our amazing server told us about their ice cream sandwich dessert with Belgium chocolate and peanut-butter!!!
If I wasn't stuffed and heading to the gym right after eating I would have been all over that!!
I will be back to try that for sure, but I would come back in general anyway :)

You don't need to have a long menu or complex food to give ripple a good meal and experience.
My fiancée and I shared a kale salad, cheeseburger and shattered potato chips and loved every bite.
Simple food executed well.
Their sangria is to die for and while they only have three beers on the menu they were good choices.
Our waitress Erin was awesome!
Friendly, quick and helpful.
I'm glad this place is in biking distance so we can go frequently.
I plan on going enough to everyone knows my name.
Another great place in the neighborhood.

Ingo's is very fun with intriguing architectural details.
We enjoyed the grass fed burgers and smooth, efficient service.
The Happy Hour ($3 specials) alone are worth a revisit but the Eats are indeed tasty.
Removed a star as the girls all had long hair behind the counter & not securely fastened.
Added a star as this is one creative joint; they certainly are not taking the local customers for granted.
Thanks LGO.

This is exactly what this corner needed, a cute little eatery for locals to enjoy, but I have a love hate feeling right now.
I was excited to hop up to the counter, but unfortunately the chairs do not move back and are too close to the counter and I slammed my knee pretty hard into counter wall while trying to sit at the counter, yep these seats were not made for those who are 6ft or taller, not comfortable at all, so I moved outside.
Good thing they have heaters, or this night would have been a flop.
Once we were seated outside, we were handed menu's, everything looks interesting.
To drink I had the coonawarra tea, which came in a cute little bottle with a glass & some ice.
I'm not even sure what coonawarra tea is, but it was good, I enjoyed it, the bottle rendered about 2  1/2 glasses, and I'm unsure if it is refillable bottle after that.
I ordered a side of shattered potato chips that comes with some sort of lemon spread dipping sauce, I was perplexed then as I am now, I can't honestly tell you if I liked them or if I didn't.
The shattered potato chips are fresh chips, but some are not chips just thick slices of potatoes, which this Irish girl loved and some were thinly sliced potatoes, I guess that's how they are shattered chips right?
The chips were garnished with salt & pepper too.
The lemon spread/dipping sauce that came with it, well that was unique, not sure if I liked it with the potatoes or not, but didn't stop trying it.
haha.
So conflicted I tell ya.
Also ordered the Paris Texas Burger, it was a Strauss family grass feed beef patty with apple bbq sauce, La Quercia pancetta, sharp cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato & dill pickle.
Now I loved this burger, the sharp contrast of flavors between the cheddar & pancetta and dill pickle just made this burger pop!
I would for sure come back just for that burger!
They do have a walk up window so you can order your food to go, which is something I will consider next time.
It's a cute place, service is extremely friendly and the burger was delish!

Food: Solid.
Any place that cooks a burger medium rare without me having to request it automatically gets bonus points.
I got the Paris, Texas Burger.
The beef was tender and well seasoned, the produce was fresh, the pancetta on it was crispy and delicious, the bun was decent appeared to be made in house.
The Shattered Potato Chips were great.
They came with lebni on the side which, isn't my cup of tea, but if you dig lebni I'm sure you will love it.
The beer was fresh (very important for an IPA).
The section left something to be desired, only 3 on tap and no bottles.
Atmosphere: Decent.
Lots of outdoor seating.
The building is interesting to look at.
They have heaters for the chilly evenings, I have no idea what it will be like in the summer.
I think the theme is kind of "convenience stand" and so all food and drink comes in/on disposable dishes/cups.
Definitely interesting, but I definitely prefer my beer out of a glass.
Service: Excellent.
Everyone was very friendly and made sure I had everything I needed.
The one downside to this all is that you tip up front when you order your food before you sit down.
I'd probably prefer the ability to tip afterwards.

5 star food, drink and service!
Omg, Paris, Texas Burger, OMG.
No.
1 Tuna, Berry tea, alcohol selection also tasty.
Less clustery feeling than LGO and Postino.
Order at window and then full service outside, or just head inside for full service from start.
Full disclosure: baby belly?
Seats inside are fixed position to bar and rather snug.
Plenty of room and heat outside!
Minus 1 star for the company's ever present parking issue.
Don't try to valet at LGO/Postino.
The valet service doesn't allow (but should) and isn't polite about it.
However, the very attentive, amazing staff at Ingo's makes up for valet.
Apparently, there is extra parking just north of building on 40th St too!

Coolest eats in Arcadia..
Excellent and brief menu..
Fantastic Ahi, Dee-Lish burgers.. of note Ingo burger topped with Kool kraut.. Umm, Yum!
And the chips kick Ass!
U slide nicely onto the groovy orange bar stool, to the best service.
Very chic and urban.. Great concept with taste, service and palate.
Beers and wine fit perfectly with menu.. Can't wait to show up in the warm months on the cruiser!
Viva Ingo!

My second time at Ingo's and it was hit!
I love the concept of a gourmet food stand!
Quick, easy and inexpensive.
We've sat both times inside at the bar so we can watch the action in the kitchen.
Great menu and great service.
The tuna burger is awesome and full of flavor.
Must have the shattered chips!
I will be making regular stops here, what a great addition to the neighborhood!

Well I just found my favorite burger joint in Phoenix, it is Ingo's.
It is a really cute place across from LGO.
Everything about this place is awesome.
The only down side is that they do not have a whole lot of seating inside the restaurant.
But they do have tables outside.
The reason why this place is my favorite burger joint is because of the Ingo Burger.
It has sauerkraut, Dijon sauce and to top it off I got it on a English Muffin.
Let's just say I will totally be coming back here all the time.

Pretty cool place with a very different design concept.
Walk up window for beer ordering?
Yes please!
Lots of helpful staff members.
Have not tried the food yet but I'm sure it's great.
The parking looks a little cramped but I didn't have any issues.
You all should try it!

I always get excited when a new restaurant opens in the neighborhood, but when I found out it was going to be a burger place I was kind of disappointed.
Arcadia/Biltmore seems to have an influx of burger places lately, and I was really hoping for something different as we already have so many burger options.
However, I decided to give this place a shot last Friday night.
I'm not sure if it's because it's around the holiday season, but we had no problem with parking, there were several spaces available.
We were given a menu on arrival and sat down at the counter.
Like other reviewers had stated, this is a modern take on a burger stand.
The menu is very limited, but the choices all sounded great.
There's even healthy options; kale salad and an ahi sandwich.
My husband decided on the cheeseburger, and I chose the post-it note salad which is their special (written out on a post-it) that changes daily.
We also ordered the shattered potato chips, and two Black Market Hefeweizens.
Service was very fast and attentive, it was fun to see the chefs cook and prepare our food.
My post-it note salad was similar to a Caesar made with butter lettuce, sliced pears, and walnuts.
It was very good, you could tell the dressing was homemade, and it was full of flavor.
My husband was very happy with his burger, it was cooked to the requested temp, nice and juicy with a good bun.
The shattered chips were worth coming here alone!
It's a whole sliced up potato which is fried, with a greek yogurt dipping sauce that was to die for!
We couldn't stop eating them.
While we were enjoying our meal, we were given samples of their Sangria which was fantastic, I regretted ordering a beer instead.
So I was very nicely surprised by Ingo's, it not your typical burger restaurant.
I will for sure be back as the food was great, and so was the service.
Also, the added bonus is that they have a dog friendly patio, and happy hour from 3-6 where their drinks are $3!

Here's the thing.
A burger is a burger is a burger.
You can get somewhat creative but at the end of the day, it's still a burger.
So there's nothing particularly remarkable about the menu, on which burgers are the predominant item.
Where the food does stand out though is the freshness and preparation: grass-fed beef and fresh veggies.
What made my visit worth it was the fresh shattered potato chips served with a side of tart, creamy lebni.
So highest marks for being creative with potatoes!!!!
The menu also has a few sandwiches and salads plus beer, wine and sangria.
I REALLY hope that they start serving breakfast because it would be a great place to start the day.
It's tiny but cheerful.....like a small diner complete with a circular counter around the open kitchen with some outdoor seating.
Everyone working there is very friendly and light-hearted and they play good music which all really make this an enjoyable place to eat.
I can imagine having brekky here with the morning sun coming in.
(hint, hint, LGO!
)  Parking is limited so keep that in mind!

Ok...the food was fresh and tasty but the portions are super small for the price.
We were very disappointed in not only the size of the burger but the kale salad too.

Late afternoon Sunday Companion and I had different desires.
She wanted a Red Bull and a pack of Marlboro Lights.
I wanted a cheese burger.
We went into Ingo's , which I thought was a combination of a "Stop & Go" convenience store and "In & Out" Burgers.
We were greeted by a blonde Jasmine or Jessica or some other "J" name who is a testament as to why skinny jeans were invented.
Shunning the outdoor patio area due to chill, we sauntered inside to the close quarters of a horseshoe bar/counter.
The bar had a close full view of the kitchen staff and those who get squeamish at the sight of tattoos and stretching earrings, sit outside.
An interesting "waiting area" are painted numbered footprints on the floor, which reminded me of the lineup I stood in at the County Jail.
But I digress, onto the food.
Quality craft beers are served cold and in clear plastic solo cups.
(Disappointing they were not in the vintage Red Solo Cup to preserve my youth and bring back the "Keg Party" feel".
If Management adopts the color, thank me.
)  This is a burger place and it is aptly described as such.
The classic cheeseburger was a brilliant in its simplicity and served on a quality white bun (thank you for shunning the over used pretzel bun).
The violently named "Fresh Shattered Potato Chips" were a perfect compliment and remained hot during the meal.
Adjourning to the patio for an apres-beer, Companion walked up the block to retrieve her cigarettes.
Ingo's closes at 9, so I was asked to leave.
If you see Companion, please tell her she owes me for dinner.
I will gladly meet her at Ingo's.

My wife and I have been waiting to try Ingo's after watching it emerge out if the ground each time we visited LGO across the street.
Knowing Ingo's was a design concept from the makers of LGO and Chelsea's Kitchen we knew it would be worth the wait...and Ingo's did not disappoint.
The property is small, quaint, modern and clean.
The staff is enthusiastic, friendly and excited to share why they love working there.
The patio is a nice addition for the cooler months and I look forward to watching it mature with the trees that were planted to offer shade in the warmer months.
Some have criticized the portion size but I find them refreshing in our "super-sized" dinning culture.
What their sandwiches lack in size they make up in quality.
My wife in I have a favorite chicken sandwich at another specialty sandwich spot in southeast AZ but Ingo's Crispy Chicken Sandwich is our new favorite.
I had the namesake burger (the Ingo's burger) and it didn't disappoint.
Ingo's is a keeper and I can't wait until our next trip.

We tried the new local burger bar by doing takeout.
It was quick and the burgers were great.
Love having a place that sells well sourced grass fed beef.
The only suggestion is that they should have more side options.
Sweet potato fries would have been great.

Nice atmosphere, semi interesting menu.
However, $7+ for a burger when I can get a better one at elsewhere with bacon for less, left me feeling unsatisfied.

Delish!!
Wisconsin beef - check Wisconsin cheese - check Sauerkraut - check  This Wisconsin girl is in heaven!
Great food and service.
The menu is limited but everything seems executed very well.
We will be back to try the crispy chicken sandwich.
You had me at Sircha aioli.
My Ingo burger didn't stay on my plate long enough for a picture so I'm posting a picture of the Paris, Texas burger.
Thanks team INGO

Normally I am not a fan of 'the hipster burger joints', but in this case I was and there was a plethora of reasons to like.
First off the bat is the fact that they have a very limited menu.
Some people doesn't like this, I love it.
If you want pasta, then go somewhere else.
Want more beer options?
Go to a bar.
Doesn't want Chloe as a server, well I then loathe your very existence.
So from this limited menu, that is clearly dissected, analyzed and reassembled, I made a mistake.
I ordered the Paris, Texas Burger WITHOUT asking it on a English muffin.
I should have.
I just should have.
Paris, Texas Burger The burger sure was fall apart tender.
At the same time as the tenderness is a quality sign, it also make me look like a fool while trying hard to devour it.
Innocently presented, but sneaky like a sloppy Joe.
I gave up on eating it American style (that's with your hand people).. and resorted changing strategy to one with a fork.
The flavors were there, but I would have chosen a different kind of cheddar, or maybe even go with a different kind of cheese (then again I am a stickler with consistency) and the pancetta  - it was freakishly awesome, was perfect as a burger topping and it came in profusion.
What I didn't like was the bun.
With that tender meat, the bun needs to be supportive, like a good friend during an intervention - not just pretty on the surface.
The name of the burger doesn't make no sense at all.
What is the Paris representative part?
Was it that the bun was ready for an open relationship?
Fresh shattered potato chips This is the last thing that I need, but this is one thing that I will doubtlessly come back for.
It looks like a sliced deep fried potato, but balances on that thin edge of awesomely crunchy before it would turn overdone.
With this served Lebni which sounds like a east-european car brand, but isn't.
Salt and pepper does the trick, but I would love to see a drop of fresh chipotle in there.
Or the garlic-cucumber route to put a Greek spin on it.
I'd also rename it 'devilishly specious potato'.
Beer While analyzing the beer choices, I couldn't agree more that the choices on the menu will suit most people thus make all sense to go that route.
Again I love the decision to stay small, local & popular.
Homemade ice cream sandwich The choice of dessert is a an ice cream sandwich, with a scoop of peanut butter gelato as the buffer in this sweet menage a trois.
I didn't like it - probably because peanut butter is not a dessert flavor to me.
It's as deceitful as those parents that call raisins candy.
It's lies.
Overall Ingo's did deliver.
I didn't get to try the egg salad, that seems to suit everyone that had it.
My hat is off for Mr Ruggiero, he knows what he has going here.
And the service I assume was great, I know I couldn't have had a more informative and attentive server.
Another reason why anyone would return.

The service is great.
The food is delicious.
My cheeseburger was perfect.
My new favorite place.

This is my new favorite restaurant.
The food is so fresh, light, refreshing, and delicious.
We had the "No.1 Tuna Burger," "Shredded Kale and Quinoa Salad," and the "Fresh Shattered Potato Chips.
"  The No.1 Tuna Burger consists of super grade tuna and bulgur wheat, spicy aioli, and avocado.
So delicious.
The Shredded Kale and Quinoa salad includes sunflower seeds, grapes, red pepper, parmesan and manchego.
It was okay.
Wasn't that impressed with it to be honest.
It lacked a savory element and I didn't like the grapes but it's very refreshing as a side.
The shredded potato chips were really good with the Lebni side sauce.
The atmosphere is interesting.
It's like a family oriented bar.
I sat next to a family with a baby while upbeat dance music played at a medium volume that allowed for conversation.
I'm really excited to know this restaurant exists because it's a cool restaurant/bar with great food.
I'll be back again soon.

Easily the best burgers coming out of a cylindrically shaped building in all of Phoenix.
The grass fed beef is spot on juicy and the accompanying ingredients are unique and an ideal complement to the meat.
Now if only the LGO family could take a step back and learn how to build a parking lot.

Well, I liked the food here so much last Monday that I had to come back yesterday for some more!
On my first visit I had fallen in love with the Kale salad and I just can't get enough of that.
It's not quite enough to satisfy me as a meal, however, so both visits I got a sandwich too.
First time I ordered the Paris, TX burger and it was fabulous; I would eat this every day of the week.
BBQ bacon cheesburgers are my guilty pleasure but a lot of times they can get way too greasy and soggy.
Ingo's version uses pancetta and grass fed beef which cuts down on the fat but amps up the flavor.
This is probably one of the better burgers I have eaten but in the interest of trying new things yesterday I ordered the crispy chicken sandwich.
I thought they were being fancy by calling it chicken schnitzel rather than fried chicken but it made sense after I received it because it was a nice thin, skinless breast piece of chicken coated with a crispy breading.
I think they probably do deep fry it because I don't know how else you could get the crust so nice and crispy but the meat inside was still very moist.
Again it was not too greasy at all.
I don't like aioli so she brought me some of their Dijon mustard and I thought it went perfectly.
I know I will keep coming back just because the food is so delicious but I also love the fact that they use organic and humanely raised meat products.
Their prices are reasonable for the level of quality of the ingredients.
Those two items (salad and sandwich) made a pretty filling meal for only $14.
Service was great and even though the place is very small it wasn't too loud or cramped feeling.
Really the only thing keeping them from 5 stars is the lack of parking.
I can see that is going to be a big problem as they get more popular.

This is another great restaurant by LGO.
It is dog friendly which is a big thing in Arcadia.
They gave our dog a bowl of water and a treat!
Now to the food...I had the Paris, Texas burger and it was delicious!
There were a lot of things on the burger that I would normally hold but all of the flavors worked really well together.
The buns are delicious since they come from the LGO bakery and the other ingredients tasted fresh.
We will definitely be coming back to enjoy the HH and I will try the shattered chips next time as I heard they were good.
They also have "Post-It Note" specials everyday which is a cool idea.

Great little quaint restaurant!!!
And there is parking!!!
Additional lot around the corner.
Super healthy and very friendly staff!!
I will recommend this little round local burger shop to all my friends.

My friend and I were tired and hungry and decided to order to-go from Ingo's.
I looked at the menu online, and saw the notes that said they had specials so I called ahead and their special was a lobster roll in lettuce cup.
Both of us ordered one to go.
When we got there we laughed and decided we should have come to eat because the atmosphere was nice, the heat lamps were warm, and it was really inviting.
Next time we will dine there.
Take out service was fast and easy and ready when we got there.
We got home to 2 really nice "specials" of freshly cooked lobster in a nice sauce with lots of crunchy cucumbers and veggies.
No complaints from either of us.
Well done!
We'll try something from the regular menu next time.
If you get a chance to try their lobster roll special when they have it, go for it.
Well worth the $15 for Maine lobster cooked that well.

It was amazing.
Paris tx burger on English muffin

I work in Arcadia and my boss loves to try all the different restaurants.
We stopped by Ingo for happy hour on a Friday after work and loved it!
This restaurant has an awesome vibe and offers unique bar seating inside along with lots of outdoor seating.
There isn't too much room in the building, but they have made excellent use of the space and done a great job decorating.
The employees were awesome!
Definitely one of Ingo's main assets.
They were so friendly and provided fast service.
We ordered from our table outside and she was able to swipe the credit card right there on a mobile device.
They mostly offer burgers with a slight twist on the toppings.
There weren't too many options to order, but like in and out, sometimes less is more.
I can't eat wheat so I had to settle for a piece of meat with cheese on it, but that's the case at many restaurants so I'm used to it.
There is definitely a market for gluten free food, so maybe they should consider offering some.
Their (only) appetizer was home made potato chips, but they were amazing and I would order them every time.
We ordered bottles of wine and drank from cheap plastic dixie cups.
This is the only area I could see them improving on.
This place is definitely worth checking out!

I'm upgrading my review to five stars, because I've grown to really love this place.
I've pretty much eaten my way through the menu (it's small, please don't judge :-D ) and each new thing I've tried has been better than the last.
The chicken schnitzel is amazing, full of crunch and flavor, and the Ingo burger is one of the best (get it on an English muffin).
The service has been consistently good as well as welcoming, and they're now offering complimentary sea salt cookies (the same ones from Chelsea's) which are amazing!

Ohhhh yes.
After coming here for the Yelp event, I knew I would be back, but I wasn't sure that it would be consistently good (I would guess a restaurant would try to be top notch for an event).
That being said, this was just as good as the first time on our second trip.
We went on a beautiful Phoenix winter day (70's and partly cloudy...ahhh) and sat on their lovely patio.
We got the chips (which they had run out of at the event) and they were pretty amazingly delicious.
They are crispy, but not too crispy and the sauce pairs with them perfectly.
Additionally, I got a side of their wonderful and amazing jalapeno sauce....so good on just about everything....especially the chips.
YUM!
We also each got a Paris Texas burger....very tasty stuff.
I like that they make their prosciutto crispy....I have never had it that way, and it is wonderful.
The food here is pretty substantial too, ate it for a late lunch and was too full to eat again all night.
I would say that this place doesn't have my favorite burger in town, but it is in my top 3.
I definitely will be back.

I frequent La Grande a ton and saw this place being built over the last 15 years.
Hahahaha, sure as hell seemed like 15 years.
I was shocked that it was a restaurant going in this tiny little round building.
I finally tried it a week an half ago and I couldn't have been more rewarded for my wait.
I keep having to update my fav burgers in Phoenix and I have to say it.
Ingos is it!!
The Stand and Delux have been knocked down the list.
Backing it up this way -  Bun - Ingo's (Light and perfect size) Meat - Ingo's (Seasoned right, juicy and medium rare) Sauce - Ingo's (Whatever the hell it is it's delicious!
) Fries/Potato Chips - Ingo's (These PC are something else.
Worth the trip alone) Service - Ingo's (Great personable service.
Goes a long, long way)  La Grande Hospitality has done it again.
Another great concept restaurant that was thought out, from the space to the menu.
There are a lot of conceptual restaurant groups in town and they usually fall short.
Good job LGO, when do you open The Luggage Room here?

We have already been big fans of the burgers over at LGO, so it was no surprise to be impressed at Ingo with the same deliciousness.
The set up is a little unusualy with the order window towards the back of the venue, but I like the seating layout a lot.
It's fun to sit outside and soak up some sun or lounge in the shade with a brew and some taters.
The food itself was fabulous.
The crushed potatoes with labne were extremely tasty - even more so than I had imagined with the wonderfully distinct dip.
I thought it was going to taste like any ohther sour cream or ranch dip, but it was something beautiful in its own right.
I enjoyed the tuna burger - the burger itself was pretty good with plenty of avocado a soft spice.
I added extra with their homemade fermented jalapeno sauce (totally awesome!).
The buns were remarkable with just enough softness to not be mush when you bite in it.
My companion tried the Ingo burger and reported the bun to be a slightly mushy with the saurkraut and mustard sauce dripping on it.
The service was friendly and timely.
But the only reason I'm docking a star  is because they've removed the veggie burger.
LGO's veggie burger has been my FAVORITE in the valley.
I tried ordering it at LGO itself about a week prior to visiting Ingo and was told they no longer have it at the pizzeria, because it's on the Ingo menu.
When I ask for it at Ingo, they've taken it off the menu... Do I want a rice bowl?
F*&% no I don't want a rice bowl at a burger joint.
Please bring my veggie back.

I'm on the fence with Ingo's.
It's a good burger, no doubt, but a little small for the price.
The fried potato side dish thing is just ok, but doesn't really zing.
It's nice to be able to get microbrews and sit outside on a very popular corner, watching the people go by, it's free entertainment, but it is kinda pricey for just that.

Great option.
Sat outside and had a bit of a view of mtns up 40th street.
The shredded chips (their version of fries) were great, couldn't stop eating them.
Paris TX burger was interesting, a little sweet for my taste, but a noble effort.
Kale and quinoa salad and lemonade were fine, but nothing special.
All in all, a great place to side outside and enjoy a quite tasty causal meal.
Better than LGO IMO.

Visited there last week with another couple and the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.
My boyfriend and I each had a burger and shared the kale salad and shattered chips.
All of the food was awesome - the other couple we went with had the same reaction.
The executive chef, Dom, came out to check on the food and introduce himself to us which was a nice touch.
I love the architecture of the place...they managed to do a great job with such a small lot.
I will definitely be going there again!

This is an awesome, casual concept.
With its outdoor patio and modern cylindrical shape, this fancy food stand is not one to overlook.
Sitting down, we decided to split a bottle of wine (they have a nice selection!
) and order their shattered chips that come with lebni sauce--it's lemony and yogurt-like.
I could hardly resist eating them all in one go!
Dishes come out minimally with no frills or fuss.
If you're looking for a special, their salad special is on a post it note.
I decided to try their brown rice bowl and wasn't disappointed.
Although the jalapeño was a little more fiery than I'd expected (which slowed me down a lot) the brown rice, pistachios and poached egg on top were a delicious combo!
My friend got one of their burgers and was incredibly impressed--this is my next thing to conquer on their menu!

Food was ok, not my favorite burger in town.
The style of this restaurant and outdoor seating makes this place draw you in.
Had to the burgers back to be refired a bit, hadn't complained about it but the manager came out and apologized and gave us a coupon for $15 for our next visit just for the inconvenience of having to wait for the burgers....I like a place that takes care of its customers!

We are LGO frequenters and we watched as they built this place just across the street for a few months so I'm not sure why it has taken us this long to try it!
This past Sunday we met another couple for a late lunch around 2pm.
Luckily there was plenty of parking spaces because as other regulars know, parking in this area during peak times can be a bit stressful.
The inside is cute but pretty small with seats at the bar and only a few tables.
Since it was beautiful outside, we decided to sit out on the patio and they definitely had more seating outside, though the gravel was a bit of an odd chose for patio flooring.
When sitting outside, you order at the window on the north side of building and then take your number to your table where they deliver it.
I ordered the Ingo burger without the bun, with the yuzu berry iced tea.
My fiance got the Paris Texas burger and the other couple both got the cheeseburger.
We also shared an order of the shattered potato chips.
The tea came in a bottle and was really good, it did taste more like a green tea though and I doubt there are free refills but I didn't ask.
I probably would have ordered a Diet Coke in a can when I saw someone else with one but didn't see it on their menu, only a Coke with cane sugar so it would have been nice to have it listed.
The cheeseburgers were delivered all at the same time and they were all really good.
My fiance literally moaned every bite he took of his Texas burger.
He said it was the best burger he's ever had.
I had to try it after a comment like that and while good, I've had a few better so maybe he was just really hungry.
Don't get me wrong, it was good, but not the best ever in my opinion.
The chips were really good and fresh and the accompanying dip was good too, different.
One other note, several people brought their dogs.
I am a HUGE dog lover and would typically be a fan of being able to bring your dogs to a patio but the seats are pretty close to each other and the couple next to us had a long leash and I definitely felt like the dog was part of our lunch.
Not something I'm into at a restaurant.
They did try and watch him but it's still interrupting when the dog barked at other dogs or  when others petted the dog, you could see the hair flying in the breeze...enough to make me worry about getting it on my food and that's pretty gross.
All in all, I would come back here on a nice day and enjoy the patio and hope only shed free dogs were around.

Love the atmosphere here!
Shattered chips are delicious, we took our leftovers of them home and added buffalo sauce and they were even better!
The chef came outside and asked how our meal was and the manager also stopped by.
You never see this at smaller restaurants so that was a great perk!
WE had the Paris Texas Burger and the chicken sandwich, both amazing!
Would recommend to everyone!

I really didn't want to like this place ... who only serves an egg salad sandwich for an hour?
Then I walked in and saw the free sea salt, chocolate chip cookies.
Um, sold.
Free cookies aside, it felt amazing inside at the counter: windows open, fans going, and a cross breeze.
It was heaven.
Then came the cold brewed green iced tea.
It was seriously the best tasting green tea I've ever had.
I even got one to-go, because I didn't want it to stop.
After I recovered from my free cookie and the best iced tea I've ever had, I decided on the Texas burger and added the fried egg.
I thought I was done with burgers after one made me vomit for two days a couple of years ago.
This burger brought me back.
It made me believe again.
If that weren't enough, then came the shattered potatoes.
Holy crap.
Those are better than any french fry I've ever had in my life.
I'm still craving them.
I don't even like fries that much.
Going to Ingos was like having a religious experience.
I'm a believer!
I'm a believer!!

Burgers cooked perfectly (Medium rare, as I requested), egg salad with pancetta was out of this world, and the service was great!
We will be telling everyone to come here!
I bet if they wanted to, they would make amazing fries, but their burgers did it for me!
:) thanks for a great lunch!

The tuna burger is a top 5 sandwich in the valley.
I also need the recipe for dip for the potatoes.
Great place for a late lunch (to avoid the LGO rush).

I visited Ingo's this weekend (twice) and have to say they now have a little place in my heart.
I absolutely love this little neighborhood joint.
On Saturday I stopped in on a whim and sat at the indoor counter solo.
I ordered the tuna burger- wasn't a fan so I then ordered a cheeseburger.
The tuna burger was interesting but the texture was odd.
Why still 5 stars?
Because the grass-fed beef burger was heaven in a bun!
I'm talking melt in your mouth deliciousness!
I kind of wanted dessert and Laura (I believe she's the manager) talked me into the ice cream sandwich.
She told me it would change my life.
Well she wasn't joking this salted Carmel ice cream sandwich gave me life!!
It has sugar cookies on each side and I was told they add more cream cheese and butter to the cookies so they don't fully freeze.
I'm sure that means more calories, but who cares it's totally worth it!
Well I was so impressed that I brought my friend in on Sunday and we sat outside.
Let me point out that we received full service outside after we seated ourselves- we did not order from the window.
I got the crispy chicken sandwich this time and O...M...G!!!
It's even better than the burger I would have rated 5 stars!!!
How did this happen?!
It had apples, pickle and a sriracha mayo on it.
It sounds odd, but take my word for it finding a chicken sandwich better than this will for sure be difficult!
I also enjoyed the shattered potato chips.
They come with a dipping sauce- no idea what it is but it's pretty good.
They also have this house-made jalapeño hot sauce that is awesome on the potatoes and has a nice clean fiery kick!
If you like spicy food be sure to ask for it as it's not something that automatically comes with your order.
Lastly, another reason they get 5 stars is because the service is amazing!
I had conversations with Dom the executive chef and Laura and both were so extremely friendly and welcoming.
Along with the friendliness, there's also some serious eye candy working in there which is never a bad thing!

I came here on the last day of my trip to Phx and was pleasntly suprised!
Its such a quaint little place.
I had the Paris/Texas burger and it was wonderful.
It melted in your mouth with the freshly baked bun.
I love how they show where they get all their ingredients locally on their menu.
Service was fast and the waitresses engage you in conversation and dont act like youre some shmuck and ignore you.
Wish they had a larger beer selection and that my Stone IPA was served in a glass pint instead of a plastic wine glass type of cup.
I understand they are going for a "no dishes" theme but hate drinking good beer out of a plastic.
Drank enough natty light and keystone out lf red cups in college and get flashbacks.
Anyways, nice place and they have a pick up window too if you dont want to sit you can take your "craft burger" home!
We also got a free salted carmel cookie on the way out the door!
Place was a little gem.
Check it out if you get a chance.

Fun concept and it's always nice to be able to sit outside this time of year.
The burger was quite tasty, but I think some of their sides stand out more than the burgers themselves.
Thought about going back several times to give it another shot, but each time I get there I end up deciding to visit LGO across the street instead, which may be the best summary of it I can give.

Our waitress was great and suggested multiple dishes and options that I'll be trying real soon.
For starters, the shattered potatoes are better than any fries I've ever had.
Dipped in that jalapeño sauce, so good.
Also you can add a fried egg to any burger, and they offer fresh English muffins as an alternative bun, she suggested going this route with the standard cheeseburger.
The Crispy Chicken Sandwich came very highly recommended, a staff favorite.
It had a golden brown crust and it looked friggin amazing.
Lots of people were ordering the kale salad, and it looked, well, it looked like a kale salad to be honest.
Probably pretty bomb considering the frequency it was being ordered though.
The tuna sandwich was going out as much as the salads were, which I found a bit odd, but she said their Egg Salad Sandwich is one of the best sandwiches in the valley, and it's only sold for one hour a day...hot damn.
I had the Paris, Texas Burger.
It was...wow...
The beef was unbelievably savory, cooked medium rare with incredible mouthfeel, juicy but not at all greasy.
Pancetta was salty and perfectly crispy, bacon's better brother.
Sharp cheddar cheese blanketed the beef, holding it all together and melding the flavors into umami heaven.
The apple butter BBQ sauce is otherworldly, sweet but with this slight smoky flavor that just rounds it all out.
The dill pickles chips gave a fresh & light crispness to each bite, and the fresh poppyseed buns were baked to perfection culminating in this amazing amalgamation of tastes and textures.
A new flavor took center stage with each chew, and I must have made the family that sat next to us really uncomfortable with all the moaning and grunting I was making as I ate.
The waitress also gave us a little dish of their lacto-fermented jalapeño hot sauce and it took the flavors to another level.
Spicy-sweet-salty-savory-juicy-crisp-chewy-melty-glory.

It's a cute restaurant....  but that's it.
The menu is so limited and everything is overpriced.
It is nice to be able to order some of Chelsea's Kitchen's stuff like Tuna Burger and Kale Salad for a reasonable price but I'd rather go to LGO, Chelsea's or Postino's.
The food was OK but overpriced for what you get.
My friend and I ordered the Kale Salad and a lemonade.
They also charge $1 for a lemonade refill.
Paid $14.50 including tip and we left hungry.
Parking is so limited - same as LGO.

We stopped by on a rainy Saturday--it was great timing --we were able to sit down at the counter immediately.
We ordered the chips to start.
We are a family who likes our fried foods well done or extra crispy---these did not disappoint and the dip they come with is fantastic.
We all ordered burgers.
They are very good--but I know now that I will order a little differently next time--they were a little too pink for my tastes--not their fault--they were exactly as they were described on the menu.
next time I will order a little more well done--which will also give a chance for the cheese to melt a little more.
We shared a couple of ice cream sandwiches (which were given to us for free for a little tiny mix up on ordering--how cool is that--what great service)  as the rain stopped it started to fill up.
by the way the building is great looking--so simple, but there is something sublime about it and loved the McIntosh vintage amplifier--spitting out the tunes.
Will definitely be back to sample some more of the menu.

Good food and ambience in great neighborhood.
Big drawback is that they use throw-away plastic plates, cups and utensils.
Needlessly wasteful, can't wholeheartedly recommend because of that.
For a brand new place, you'd think they'd be more thoughtful in their design.

Really wanted to try the tuna burger, unfortunately it wasn't available.
Paris burger was an excellent substitute.
I also ordered the fries/chips.
The sourcreme paired well with the fries/chips.
The server was friendly and quick.
Music and ambiance were great, wish there was more seating inside.

My new favorite lunch spot in Phoenix!
We've been visiting LGO for awhile now so we were excited to try Ingo's when we heard about it.
It did not disappoint!
The burger is perfection, and I am pretty picky about my burgers.
The cracked chips and yogurt sauce are awesome as well.
I've also had the heirloom rice bowl, the kale and quinoa salad, and the tuna burger.. All of which were great.
I can't wait to return for the egg salad at some point, though it'll be tough to stray from the burger.
Their patio is dog friendly too!
I LOVE that they have Scrimshaw on draft, and the happy hour prices are great.
My only wish is that they had a larger beer selection to choose from.

I'm addicted.
That's the summary.
A) Grass fed burgers.
Automatic happy.
B) Shattered potato chips with awesome dip/sauce stuff.
I could eat those all day.
C) Indoor/Outdoor seating D) Prompt service F) Never too busy  We have not had a bad burger.
They are all delicious (so says my husband; I always order the cheeseburger).
The lemonade comes in a cup with finger imprints (for the clumsy, this is a plus.
It doesn't slip out of my hands!
)  The menu is short and sweet and may not appease or appeal to all, but this girl who will jump at the sight of a grass fed burger cooked perfectly with delicious chips on the side is happy.
And there have been weeks where I've found any excuse to get myself there for dinner multiple nights in one week.

The burger was amazing and the fresh home made chips with yogurt dill dipp is great also.
Steak salad was yummy minus the fact they gave us a plastic knife to cut it.
Almost impossible but the quality is excellent.

Everything here is good.
I love the circular patio and all of the employees are helpful and friendly.
Their patio is also dog-friendly which I always enjoy.
So why only 3 stars?
There are just a few things that make me feel like this place will not be a regular on my restaurant rotation.
Ingo's has become a mecca for families with young children.
That's okay but just go knowing that you will probably hear a few kids screaming or crying at any given moment.
The shattered potatoes were good but needed more seasoning--they were basically fried potatoes with pretty minimal seasonings.
And the  burger?
It was good but I wasn't amazed.
The kaiser roll got pretty soggy by the time I was done eating (and I'm a fast eater!).
I think pretzel rolls or something else might hold up better.
Overall, Ingo's is a fun place.
The food is decent and the vibe is fun.
I'm sure I'll be back, especially for happy hour when certain wine is $3/glass!
But the overall experience and food doesn't have me dying to go back too often.

Best tasting beef in town, bar none.
Burgers are better than Delux's.
Shattered chips are addictive and chicken sandwich will blow your mind.
The tiny, cylindrical building is cool and very fun.
The slightly crowded kitchen churns out a surprising amount of killer food.
Colorful, funky, musical and totally unique.
Rally the fam and the pups, Ingo's is a stand-out.

Do yourself a favor and get the spinach salad :D

Yeah, I'm thinking there is going to be a lot more of this place in my future.
I finally tried that elusive egg salad only served for one hour.
Incredible.
I truly believe eggs are the perfect food.
I also believe I might be addicted to food considering I am writing this update solely for an egg salad sandwich.
Send help.

I ordered the chicken burger and it was just as mouth-watering as I expected it to be - with perfect breading on the outside and a wonderful bun, plus delightful pickles to add some crunch.
The shattered potato chips are AMAZING, especially with the dip they provide.
The tea is very unique and delicious.
Basically, the food here is perfect and the atmosphere is cute, so I will be coming back here as much and as often as possible.

I just love coming here.
If you follow my reviews, you know how I am.
If the vibe is right, I don't care what the price is.
And that's how it is here.
Every time I come, I love sitting out in the patio, enjoy my time in the sun (or not- as this time, the sun is blazing and of course the staff is considerate enough to move the umbrella so we are in full shade) and enjoy watching the traffic drive by.
This time my friend had the spinach apple salad and I had the bison goat cheese salad.
The portion was just right, both were delicious esp the salad dressing for the spinach apple salad!
The owners of LGO somehow has the magic 8 ball dailed into the right frequency to create an ever lasting environment each time.
When I am sitting out on the patio enjoying my food and drinks, I feel transported to a space and time that is of the moment not connected to any human created contraption such as the clock.
For the duration, there is just enjoyment.

The tuna burger is delicious!
Menu is reasonably-priced and the service is quick and friendly.
This is a great place for lunch on a nice day.

My son had a basketball game close so we went to yelp and picked this spot.
It was great.
They make their own chips and the burgers were wonderful.
Their jalapeno hot sauce was the bomb!
And a free cookie as you leave!!
Great neighborhood spot.

Sit in the sun with a sangria pitcher and potato chips during happy hour for a nice escape from reality.
Fresh veggies with double dip were also very good.
Burger was juicy but had too much relish.
Food prices are typical for the LGO/Postino corner.

NICE!
I like it!
I love the round building and outdoor patio.
There's plenty of shade and a few seats inside, too.
Parking can be limited but there's spaces just down the block.
Sangria is awesome.
Seriously, so yummy.
Pitcher is a great value during happy hour, but make sure you have plenty of people to share with.
I thought the shattered potato chips were really good.
I loved the hummus and pumpkin seed dips.
Hummus was good, but the pumpkin seed dip was unusual and delicious.
The accompanying fresh veggies were of a nice variety.
Burger was nice but a little heavy on the relish.
Service is good.
I'd like to come back and try a few other things.
I saw someone order the kale and quinoa salad and it looked delish.

Tiny but awesome casual place with burgers (grass fed beef!
), sandwiches, and the most amazing hummus and pumpkin seed dips (yes really) with crudités.
You should also look at the the Post-It Note special (which changes weekly).
Don't forget the (free!
) French-sea-salt cookies on the way out, either.
You can either sit outside, or inside at the bar in a tiny, modern, almost-hipster-but-not-in-that-annoying-way round building (bathrooms are out back).
Service at the bar was *great* and super friendly (free samples were offered of the hummus/pumpkin seed dips for example; also got told about the gelato sandwiches).
They have a small menu of beer and wine.
Only drawbacks; portions are smallish (burgers/sandwiches are stand alone so order sides if you're hungry) and prices are reasonablish but not cheap.
That said, def making a return trip here next time we home Camelback.

My girlfriend and I came here tonight.
The service was by far the best service I have ever received at any restaurant.
We had three different people come up to us as well as one of the cooks as well as what seemed to be the manager of the restaurant.
It was outstanding and the servers were all very nice.
However, I have to give a fair review and say the food was subpar.
I had a cheeseburger and my girlfriend had the tuna burger.
She loved hers, but I thought mine was overly greasy and it fell apart as I ate it.
Not one of the better cheeseburgers I have had.
We also got the potato chips which were good and my girlfriend loved the sauce that came with it.
I have to say I probably won't be coming back here due to the low quality of the food, but the service is exceptional and location is great as well.

I love L.G.O.
so this being part of their family of restaurants made me really want to like it.
Unfortunately I was a little disappointed with our first experience.
The decor and ambience was cool and modern.
We sat at the bar which allowed us to see the cooks prepare the food.
My friend and I ordered the shattered chips, Ingo Burger and Paris Texas Burger.
The chips came out right away.
This was fantastic.
I would come back just for this.
My friend and I decided to split the two burgers as they both sounded good.
We pretty much had the same impression of both.
This Ingo burger had too much sauerkraut that pretty much overpowered the flavor making the burger part cold and soggy.
The beef was good but barely noticeable.
The Paris Texas burger was partially better but again had an overpowering sweetness with it's apple bbq sauce.
No complaints on the beef or the quality of the ingredients - just the balance of the flavors were off.
Overall the balance of the burger was no where near what you'd expect from a place like this.
What made it worse was the burgers are extremely small.
I'm not a big guy but after eating the burger and chip I was literally still hungry.
We didn't want to order another mediocre $8.25 burger each so we literally left to go to another restaurant nearby.
I might give Ingo's another chance just for the chips and maybe the 1 hour availability egg salad sandwich.
As expected the service was excellent and the complementary sea salt cookies are a nice touch.

Yesterday was "Burger Monday" in my world, and we heard good things about Ingo's so we finally got around to trying it out for lunch.
I was expecting a burger place, but it was not nearly as focused on burgers as I thought it would be from hearing about it.
I think there were a few options in that department    The building's atmosphere is super cool and unique, which felt right in place across from Postino and LGO at 40th and Campbell.
We (5 dudes) sat at the counter inside in a linear fashion and it was a bit cramped, but not so bad that it ruined the experience - we moved on from the topic in a mere 10 seconds.
I ordered the gourmet burger with Pancetta, medium-rare, along with a side of their "chips".
To me, fries are just as important as the burger, but "chips" were the option.
They need to come up with another name for this offering, because the words "chips" sells them very short!
They're more fry than chip, but I'm glad I ordered anyway.
The only suggestion I would make is a smaller portion option, so one can get out with a little cheaper lunch tab, and not gorge themselves on spuds!
The burger arrived and it was amazing - nothing really else to discuss on the topic.
Enough said - Ingo's is a winner!

Yummo burger!
I read the one review that didn't give the place high marks... well maybe they didn't get the cheeseburger or they are taking crazy pills as I am a connoisseur of cheese burgers.
Now I will say- my fav.
in the valley is Matt's Big Breakfast Butter Burger... Ingo's is a different kind of burger as this is a super cool food stand and not a retro diner.
What they have in common is AMAZING BEEF and CHEDDAR!
So if you love great quality rancher's beef and yummy gooey cheese on a delightfully simple bun- go now to this place before others find it.

Overrated and over priced for what you get Good service but the veggie burger I had was mush and salty.
Zinburger far better.

Ok, I'm a lover of Le Grande Orange and this concept restaurant for LGO meets, no exceeds, the exceptional food quality I've come to expect from LGO.
INGO may be small on size but don't let that fool you.
Their food has BIG flavors!
So I started with the shattered potato chips.
Crispy, crunchy, and served with a lemony tazaki like dip (whatever it was- it's super tasty!
) no need for ketchup for these chips!
Then to the grassfed beef burgers.
When they say cooked and served with pink - that isn't a lie.
BUT they are so juicy and delicious.
I has the Paris TX burger- a delicious blend of BBQ sauce, pancetta, aged cheddar, and pickles.
Ok, so I am usually not a fan of pickles on my burger...
But these aren't your usual salty, vinegary, overly dill pickles.
They make them fresh and they are the perfect blend of dill and sweetness with the crunch of a fresh cucumber and they compliment the burger amazingly.
Overall 5 star food for a 3 star price!
Now I put the food first because let's be honest - that's why you review a restaurant!
But the atmosphere is worth mentioning.
Indoor and outdoor seating with an open kitchen and bistro lights.
Driven by on a Saturday and it seems like a great hangout.
If you arent in the mood for an amazing LGO pizza but rather a juicy burger - cross the street and enjoy INGO!!!

This place is cute!
It's small, intimate, and very personable!
Our server Mimi was adorable!
She attended to our needs very promptly.
I ordered housemade lemonade to drink.
It was tangy and minty!
Perfect for a hot summer day out in the porch :)  I got their cheeseburger with chips.
My burger was juicy and pink, just how I love it!
The pickles on the burger were so good!
They were those pickles that aren't fully pickled.
Lol the chips were interesting.
They came with this delicious yogurt sauce that has garlic and lemon juice in it.
I had to get dessert.
I got a mint chocolate chip ice cream sandwich.
Delicious!
Just delicious!
I would definitely return to this place!

I am a big fan of the LGO and this new amazing place just proved again that this team definitely knows what they are doing.
The atmosphere at this new place is purely amazing!
Three of us went for the first time around dinner time.
The Food was really amazing.
In my opinion sizes are perfect; however, that is the only one thing me and my boyfriend disagreed on as he thought that portions are bit small....No surprise there...hahhaha  We ordered their popular chips and I do not know if I like chips or dip more!
These amazing chips were Crispy, crunchy, and served with a lemony tazaki kind of dip (not sure what exactly it was but - it's super legit!
) Ketchup who?
For dinner me and my friend ordered the crispy chicken sandwich and my boyfriend had a Paris, Texas burger of course.
I was lucky to try both as me and him split ours....Crispy chicken was amazing, the spicy aioli they use is out of this world.
The chicken was crispy but yet nice and tender at the same time.
I loved the apples and dill pickle combination in sandwich as well.
Burger was good as well but I am not big on red meet so I am not as good judge on that.
However, I can say my boyfriend liked it a lot.
The only thing I did not like is the fact that they served food and drinks in plastic ware.
Food in plastic didn't bother me as much as drinks did.
For example, the beer would have been fresher in a cold glass as opposed to a plastic cup.
But perhaps that is just me....  Outside seating area is amazing....Overlooking Campbell avenue with beautiful lighting outside was great!
Service was amazing as well.
The fact that their chef came out and asked how the food was, is kind of place I would for sure go back too.
Everyone there was really nice and friendly and I will for sure go back!

Beautiful little spot with healthy, yummy food at great prices (for reasonable portions, all a la carte).
They call it a gourmet food stand which is basically a healthy, quick little burger-type joint, with beer, wine and lemonade.
My husband and I split the tuna and veggie burgers, both of which tasted healthy and delicious.
The ground tuna is mixed with bulgur wheat and topped with lots of avocado, and the veggie burger is a fresh mix of neat stuff - veggies, cashews, brown rice.
I do plan to ask for tomatoes on the tuna sandwich, next time.
Note: the portions are on the small side.
I personally love a place that serves the amount I'd like to eat and charges accordingly, but it's good to know.
There are tables inside and outside this small, circular restaurant - it looks delightfully swanky but it's totally casual.
If you're in the mood to grab and go,  there are several convenient to-go parking spaces, a dedicated pick-up window and super quick food.
After hiking Camelback, it's a great close place to stop to eat something yummy that doesn't negate your fitness efforts.

Stand Up For Tasty Food!
Ingo's Tasty Food scores a big thumbs up for Trendy & Tasty.
Awesome casual vibe with even better food.
The location's design and atmosphere set it apart from its surroundings.
It has a nostalgic fresh off the grill, picnic in the state park kinda vibe, but with a modern twist, and killer music selection.
But not too hipster... cause you know too many hipsters in one spot is just too much.
And say hi to Erin.
She can make solid suggestions for you.
I had the Paris, Texas Burger and Fresh Shattered Potato Chips.
Both cooked in front of me and to perfection.
Paired nicely with Chardonnay to start and Cabernet Sauvignon with my meal.
If you like a little spice ask for the Homemade Lacto-Fermented Hot Sauce, made with only jalapeño, vinegar, garlic, and salt.
Simple but super tasty with just the right kick.
Ingo's is a sister restaurant to Chelsea's Kitchen and la Grande Orange Pizzeria and Grocery, all within a few hundred yards of each other.
Looks like this family of hot spots owned by Bob Lynn have it all figured out.
So great to find a small town favorite in a big city like the greater Phoenix area.
Don't miss it, and prepare to hang out, cause that's what your gonna want to do.
Finish the night with the Salted Caramel Gelato and Vanilla Cookie.
I'll be back.
Don't miss more reviews at my website elevationexpeditions.com.

I can't believe it's taking me this long to write this review, but better late than never!
Listen to whatever others day and try the egg salad, but show up between 11 and 12 because they only offer it during that short hour.
Even if you think, "I don't even like egg salad," still get it.
I was one of those... "but I don't even like egg salad" people and then I tried their version and was blown away.
This isn't your typical egg salad sandwich.
If they didn't put mayo on it, I would almost call it a breakfast sandwich with a twist.
The eggs are cooked fresh for each order and they are combined with their delicious mayo sauce and placed on crispy yet fluffy bread.
Make sure you order it with the pancetta if you like a little meat.
It's crispy and salty and yummy!
Besides the egg salad, I have also enjoyed the tuna sandwich and cheeseburger.
I was pleasantly surprised with the tuna sandwich because it was crispy and accompanied by an aoili and avocado.
I don't typically order tuna but I was glad I switched my routine.
The cheeseburger had the delicious LGO touch and the meat was perfectly cooked.
You really can't go wrong with any food here.
The Kale salad is a great side to accompany the meal.
I only wish they had french fries on the menu.
Their homemade chips are delicious but I am more of a french fries kind of girl.
This is a great location to enjoy lunch on the patio, but if it's too hot, then you can sit inside and watch them make your food which is really fun!
They also have a walk-up window where you can place an order to go.
If you can't find parking, head north on 40th street and follow the signs to additional LGO parking.

Tasty may be an understatement.
It was awesome.
Had the tuna burger Adam & Eve style.
Silly good.
Service was fast and friendly, a smile and a thank you.
Devil really is in the details.
Speaking of which, the tuna was flavorful along with a half avocado and sauce (aioli?
) was perfect accompaniment.
The only thing I would ask for is the lettuce to be replaced with Romain or butter lettuce, but that's just my wish list.
I cannot believe I passed by w/o stopping for so long.
They make dieting and losing weight easy with dishes like that!

This is place is great and very unique.
I had the ahi tuna sandwich, which was unlike any other ahi I have had before.
We also shared the hummus which was outstanding.
Loved the flavor and the fact that it was served with a fun medley vegetable crudite.
The staff was attentive and in good sprits.
Overall really enjoyed the experience and happily give it 5 stars for a great experience at tasty food stand!

Wow, delicious food for such great prices!
We were so happy that we found this place.
We got the hummus and pumpkin seed dip, the kale salad, and the cheeseburger, and we loved it all!
The place has a great set up, and everything came out quickly.
We will definitely return!

I absolutely love this place.
Every time I go I have to get the burger.
I live in walking distance of this place and I go as often as I can.
Not to great for summer time due to the outdoor seating but besides that the food is well worth the heat.

You can drop a hundred here & there at nearby steak houses, however Ingo's will satisfy you with fresh, perfectly done eats for a fraction of the cost.
Beau enjoyed the fish sandwich and my guacamole veggie dish was the envy of the counter.
What gorgeous veggie colors & presentation.
Perfect ending to an early evening out.
Free salty, chocolate chip bites.
This is a really nice touch.
Staff friendly & professional.

Went there on a late Sunday afternoon, there was four other people in the restaurant .
The restaurant is small and maybe holds up to 20 inside in a semi circle bar/table.
I do a take out order and sit down to wait and then a large group of 7 comes in to sit so I give up my seat so they could sit together and the waitress thanks me and tells me to sit and as I sit this idiot in the group that sat in the seat I gave up asked me to move so he could sit next to his friend which there was a seat between his friend and I.
Wanted to put my fist in his food since I gave up my seat previously and he was so ungrateful.
This led to my displeasure for my experience here.
I ordered the Ingo Burger with a fried egg which I specifically asked to not have sunny side up.
As I opened my food later the first thing I see is a burger with a sunny side up egg.
Also ordered the fresh shattered potato chips they were pretty good but the dipping sauce seemed a little off .
Overall the food was average at best the service was average and the idiot in the restaurant was like a grade school punk .
With all the quality restaurants in that area that will be the last time I will eat here

The Paris, TX burger and shattered chips are absolutely amazing!
I've never eaten such a wonderful cloud of a burger in my life.
Highly recommended to everyone.

Such a cute place in the Arcadia neighborhood!
I met a coworker here for lunch and we sat outside to enjoy our tasty chicken sandwich...it was the kind of chicken sandwich that you can't stop thinking about and crave it often.
It was a little pricey, but worth every penny.
This place gets busy, so anticipate a wait.

Very flavorful black tea and the Kale and Quinoa Salad was a different combination for a salad and very tasty.
Friendly cheery staff, good music and atmosphere.

I live a couple of minutes away; why has it taken me so long to dine here?!
Cool corner eatery/bar in Arcadia.
Chill atmosphere,good music, friendly staff, cool-looking chefs(love the mini-mohawk man) and nice patio(dog- friendly).
First bite of their burger is like no other, light, airy, crisp & flavorful at the same time.
Buns are deliciously toasted, good sharp cheddar cheese,  crisp bacon,  juicy burger patty that is steamed then finished off with a pink center!
Eh, on the pickles, too salty.
Great shattered potatoes(like my mom's) with a creamy dill(?
) dip.
Didn't care for their home made jalapeno dip that doesn't pair well with the potatoes, possibly better with tortilla chips.
Delicious, tart lemonade.
Overall, a must try!

So yummy and super cute!

Complimentary salted chocolate chip cookies!!!!!
OMG!!!!
Tuna sandwich, kale salad, Mother Earth on toast and the shattered potatoes with lebni are mouthwatering awesome!
I have yet to try their egg salad...it is always sold out when I get there!!!!
Anyway, great food, friendly staff and great atmosphere!
Will go back over and over again!!

I went to this place yesterday and ordered myself the Paris Texas burger meat.
I gotta honestly say it was amazingly delicious.
I also tried their egg salad which was very good and fresh.
Overall, I loved the place, nice ambiance and friendly staff.
Absolutely coming back again!!

Typically, I am wary of establishments that put the words: best, tasty or even yummy in their name.
However, Ingo you are quite the exception!
Having breakfast at their sister store, La Grande Orange, across the street before it was an absolute must to visit Ingo's if you love their food.
Instead of fresh juice, pizzas and crepes Ingo's provides grass-fed beef burgers, healthy apps and a good variety of wine and beer (some coming from CA) to cause some CA nostalgia.
Since I was dining with my roommate we decided to sit out on the patio and to share a meal with a couple of items so we could see what Ingo had to offer.
We decided to start with the Hummus and Pumpkin Seed Guacamole served with crudites as our appetizer, the Paris, Texas burger to share and to drink the Black Market Hefeweizen and the Lyric By Etude Pinot Noir.
Hummus and Pumpkin Seed Guac- pretty large portion app for two people to share, good creamy hummus, with slight heat, thick consistency, the Pumpkin Seed Guac was not my fave, but it was all a personal preference.
Comes with cauliflower, cucumbers, carrots, celery and golden beets.
Paris, Texas Burger- Really good burger, cooked well, juicy, love how the sharp cheddar cheese came through, crispy bacon, slight sweetness from the BBQ sauce and the pickles were awesome!
They crisp the interior of the buns giving a good texturally crunch contrasting the soft, airiness of the outer bun.
Black Market Hefeweizen- Fruity, light, refreshing.
I could drink this all night.
Lyric By Etude Pinot Noir- Apparently acidic, tangy, berry flavor, spicy and tannic.
Great service through out the night, lovely atmosphere inside and out and awesome food!
Definitely will be back to try their other burgers, the rest of the drink list and hell, I just realized they carry dessert here.
Hold that last thought, I'm on my way back already!

