Thank you, Shine!
I cannot say enough good things about this place.
Their concept was simple, great blow outs and superb customer service.
Finally!
I had been to several blow dry bars in the area.
However, the service at these other establishments was horrible or the blowout didn't last 24 hours.I finally found the perfect spa-like setting without the corporate feel.
Liz was amazing and offered a long lasting blowout.
My hair looked great days after the blowout.
It was well worth the money.

Awesome!
The place is so nice, clean and has a great ambiance .
And they do a fabulous job on hair and I have some of the longest thickest hair !
will definitely be my go to place when I need my hair blown out !

I get my hair blown out 2x's a week so I'm pretty picky about it Liz has now done it three times and nothing but great things to say about her work...she gives a great wash and neck massage as bonus!
The salon is decorated in a girly, classy way

Just amazing!
I had my hair blown out and I was amazed at what a blow dryer and round brush could do.
I'm obsessed with my Aquage Uplifting Foam and Finishing Spray.
The recommendation was perfect and not overpriced.
The style took about an hour from beginning to finish and I must say that the shampoo/massage was my absolute favorite and the best I've ever had.
The salon is so inviting and comfortable - makes it hard to leave!
I definitely recommend SHiNE for ALL your future blow outs (check out their membership pricing)!

I came here because Primp and Blow at Waterfront always seems to be busy.
Funny enough -- Liz has done my hair at Primp in Blow in the past so I was delighted to find she went out on her own and opened up this little gem in Old Town.
Liz is seriously the sweetest most down-to-earth girl's girl and she did my hair last minute last weekend and I couldn't have been more thrilled with it.
I have very long thick hair and I'm extremely picky about the way it looks and is styled.
Liz was very meticulous and paid close attention to what I wanted.
She used a hot tool to give my hair Sophia Vergara-type wavey curls and oh man I got SO many compliments that night from friends and co-workers.
I've already booked to go back this weekend for two more blowouts.
Prices are so reasonable and on point, salon is cute, clean and welcoming, and Liz is beyond the most hospitable salon owner I've ever met.

I've had my hair blown out at Shine several times and I've always left happy.
I have thick, wavy hair and most stylists have a hard time blowing it straight without frizz.
Not at Shine!
They are affordable and the birthday blowout is a nice touch.

I would give this place 10 stars if I could.
After a constant struggle of finding a good blow dry bar, I decided to give this one a try.
Immediately when I walked in, I see Liz!
She was my stylist at a previous salon and I ALWAYS requested her to do my hair, she was the only one that knew how to do it!
I was so happy seeing that Shine was her salon!
Although  Liz didn't personally do my hair, I trust that whomever she has working at her salon is the best of the best.
Of course, I loved my blow out and my stylist!
She did a fantastic job and it's a super relaxing environment.
Which is what a blow dry bar should be!
Everyone is so nice that works there, and every time I've called they get me in the exact time that I need!
To top it off, it's the best priced blow dry bar in town.
Super happy that I found this place, definitely will be a regular here for my weekly blowouts.

