First Impression: Nice store, nice people, decent price.
When I got my items delivered 2 things were damaged (the front glass on a 6ft glass display case and a sliding door) and I asked for them to be replaced.
It took sometime for someone to come out but someone finally came out to my shop to replace the door and glass.
During the remove of the damaged glass, instead of pulling apart the side walls, he unscrewed it to loosen the wall.
He pulled up the glass and broke/damaged the side wall.
This is a minor 1 cm hole but still an eye sore.
I can't have damaged displays for a grand opening.
I told the owner, you know I don't expect you to replace the side wall, just fix it, fill it in with black coxing.
The worker even said that's a simple fix I'll get it done tomorrow.
I waited 2 days no call.
I call in and the receptionist tells me the owner says he will not fix the flaw because it does not concern its functionality.
Are you F*ing serious??
And he goes we'll you you know these things aren't Rolls Royces... NONE THE LESS I PAID $500 for it.
Sure I paid for a "Toyota" of a glass display case..
BUT NONE THE LESS  I paid for a BRAND NEW ONE, not a damaged one.
I also need to buy another case, and I'm telling them I will be a repeat customer and also need to put in another order, and they are still not helping me.
Until they fix the damaged they created, I would never, ever recommend any business owner to go with them.
Sure you might get lucky and nothing will come damaged when delivered.
But lets say it is damaged and it doesn't take away from its functionality....THEY WILL NOT FIX IT.
I don't know what kind of rationality or business sense they are coming from for actually thinking I'm being nit picky about the product.
I PAID FOR A BRAND NEW GLASS DISPLAY CASE!...
how can you expect me to settle for a damaged item!
Absurd....

After I wrote this post, literally not even 10 minutes have passed, they scheduled to replace the entire case for the next day which they did.
Thank you Ralph Jones.

A guy named Terry helped me out here and he was really accomodating.
I had never been here before but glad I'm found this place.
We own a couple salons around town and were planning to sell some Indian clothing in some extra space we had.
We looked online first and saw plenty of options but weren't in the spirit of waiting or paying for shipping.
Instead we found ourselves here.
Miraculously, the prices were nearly identical to those on eBay for literally the exact same items.
Needless to say, we loaded up and were very happy.
Another thing: they have a TON of Christmas decorations.
I've never seen a collection like this.
I'm not much of a decorator, but if I was, I know where I'd be going.

