Press Start Gaming Center is an entertaining state of the art gaming center.
PSG features the newest next generation gaming consoles.
Tournament action, league, or casual play.
Plan a party or watch for special events!
A gamers paradise right here in Las Vegas.

Press start is a gaming center.
I was here yesterday and was surprised to hear they have the xbox one and ps4 and all launch titles, which was great cause I was unsure if I should purchase the next gen consoles.
I walked in and man the employees are kind and very talkative!
Which is good cause they make you feel welcomed!

I was so glad they had an Xbox360, the awesome man brought it out so that we can play UMvC3, thou it was kinda deserted however this place is NEAT!!
Looking forward to more visits, in the future!

A very cool gaming center with MANY individual gaming stations with xbox ones as well as ps4s.
Drinks, snacks, large nice pool table and shuffle board.
3 hours for only 10 bucks!
Great atmosphere too

If your into UMVC3 or other fighting games like MvC2, Street Fighters, and various others fighting titles.
You have to come here on Wednesday, it's filled with skilled players to watch or play against!
They have tournament here too occasionally!

Affordable, friendly, and everything you could ask for... surely if there wasn't something you wanted they'd do their best to get it.
Spaced out nicely not too cramped.
Nice tv's and chairs.
I enjoyed getting to know people here and felt very welcomed.
Great community for gamers,...go to PSG.

PSG is a new gaming center located in the southwest side of town.
Right now it is the main place in Vegas to play fighting games.
Every week, various folks gather here to play games such as UMVC3, AE2012, Smash, etc.
The staff is always welcoming, and the entry is only $5 for the whole night.
If you come to play a next gen system (Xbox One/PS4), they charge $10.
Still not a bad deal at all.
The main plus of PSG is that they have over 20 Benq monitors available at all times.
The place could be packed during a tournament night, but you can always find an unused monitor to setup your gaming system.
Drinks and snacks are reasonably priced.
They also have several arcade cabinets, a shuffleboard, pool table, and more.
If you're looking for tournament action or just casual play, this is the place to be.

I've been here twice so far, and both times were excellent!
The employees have always been so laid-back, friendly, and ready to help.
The second time I came here, an employee gave my friend and I some GameStop display posters they didn't need.
Didn't catch his name, but those posters were pretty big, and he stopped what he was doing just to help us bring it to our car outside.
He also overheard a kid being short a quarter, and he quickly offered him one.
Great guy!
The prices aren't just reasonable, they're affordable.
For an hour to play a PS4 (or even the Xbox One) and the latest games that you can switch throughout your time on the weekends is just $6 ($5 on the weekdays).
You have a great clear TV, comfortable seats, and great speakers.
You're probably thinking, "What's the catch?
" No catch at all, they just understand what it's like to be a gamer!
They even have snacks and drinks for affordable prices!
They have tournaments every weekend for all you competitive gamers and all-night lock-ins from time to time.
They've recently added arcade cabinets like Initial-D, In the Groove, and some other stuff.
So what are you doing?
Stop reading this review and go there now!
Also, if you wanna go when it's slow, I recommend as soon as they open on the weekends.

In town visiting family for the week and so glad we found Press Start Gaming.
This place is very cool.
As a parent with kids that were bored at Grandma's house, a LIFE SAVER!
Found PSG while looking on YELP for some fun ideas for the kids.
So glad I did.
After reading all the great reviews, we brought the kids down to check it out.
Lots of gaming systems and a few arcade games to keep a kid busy for hours.
They allow you to rent the use of a system and play any variety of games they have.
It's very reasonable and the kids loved it.
I had the pleasure of meeting the owners, Andy and Bryant.
This is a new business venture for them and I wish them great success.
Very nice guys that have a goal of providing a fun and safe place for kids to hang out in a social video gaming atmosphere.
If you have kids that love to play video games, you need to bring them here.
We'll be back!

Went here 06/11/2014, right when it opened.
Asked the guy there some questions about the establishment, because I was visiting Las Vegas for a few days and wanted to play some games with my friends I came with (Ultimate Marvel Vs. Capcom 3 to be exact).
But they did not have it available and he showed me the list of games they have.
I was happy to hear it was fighting game night that night.
The bad part was, we attempted to play the Arcade that had SNK Vs. Capcom and the machine ate our quarters.
The guy that worked there seemed to be a little upset when we told him, he was in the other room not even three feet away from us.
He gave us a new quarter and I tried to show him what it did but he did not show any interest.
WOW!
I would rather have him tell me that he did not care rather than blow us off...  First off, I would be nice to the first people who came in into my establishment, we actually came here earlier but found out this place was still closed and we waited patiently.
Really bad customer service...If I owned this place, and I hope to God he is not the owner or part of management, I would terminate this guy, because just this experience with him will forever, that's right, FOREVER stop me from going here and/or telling my friends and family about this place.
Really bad place to go, if this place is better at night, you guys might want to post a sign not to come here when it first opens...

