Newest Dog off leash dog park in Phoenix area.
Both a separate large and small dog area.
The city of phoenix did a wonderful job on these, very aesthetically appealing.
All grass, with included dog water fountains in each area.
The only reason I drop a star is because it's right near Interstate 10, so if you are looking for tranquil quietness to meditate while your pup plays, that's not going to happen.

Dexter is 12 pounds, so I go to the small dog side of the park.
I'm worried that not enough people know about it yet.
I've gone a few times and I've been the only one there for awhile.
It's so sad to see Dexter tear off his leash, run like lightning around the park, only to find nobody to play with.
They've planted some trees that will provide some more shade in the next few years.
For now, there's a big tree and a low stone wall at the eastern end.
There is a picnic table and a bench, too.
Dexter thinks the drinking fountain is the coolest thing.
There's a spout at the bottom for dogs to drink from.
It's way cleaner than when you see dishes out at the dog park, with standing water, dirt, and drool in it.
It's about a 20-minute bike ride for me to get there, so it's also a good workout for me to throw Dexter in the basket and ride down from Camelback Rd.

I don't have a dog.
But my parents do and I was dog sitting for them.
So I brought their Chocolate Dobbie here.
Walked him since I live close.
The area is quite large.
There is a small dogs area for the little guys on the west side of the park.
Fenced off.
Then there is a larger area for the big dogs.
No park police here, dog parks are kinda funny I kept thinking of a Portlandia episode while I was here.
But everyone was pleasant and my dog ran and had a blast.
They have benches, water fountains for humans and dogs in each area.
Great place!

Our dogs love this dog park.
They play in the big dog park section.
There is a small dog section.
Beautiful trees were planted there and every month a group of volunteers come out and clean up the dog park.
They do a great job.
I even volunteered last month to support the dog park.
A great drinking fountain area for the dogs and people too.
I think it's a great idea.
We only take our dogs to the dog park when it's not very busy.
***Fair warning one of our dogs was attacked by a dog and we left to avoid a worse situation.
A friend of ours she had her dog attacked by two dogs.
And her dog's ears were seriously injured to the point of having to get stitches.
Her dog is doing much better.
Some dog owners seriously need to educate themselves on how to control their dogs before they attack another dog.
And we feel that there needs to be dog park policing needs to be reinforced at this dog park.
I have seen many dog owners who don't pay attention to their dog's bad behavior and terrible consequences happen.
And some dog owners are getting really lazy about picking up after their dog's poop.
Other than that it's a great size dog park and a great location.
And our dogs love it.
So far we only go in the afternoon when we can to avoid any future problems.

I love this park!
The people are always really friendly.
The park is well maintained and the dogs always have so much fun.
I think a lot of the parks are hit and miss but this one seems to have a strong sense of community.
I feel like it's Cheers for my dog, people always remember him and his name.

Cool spot to bring pooch to mix and mingle with the locals...and to spot all the available hot bitches.
My dog loves this spot, he goes crazy when we pull up because he knows it's gonna be a blast.
There are two different areas, one for small dogs, and the other for the bigger dogs, like my Hank.
He is a Chocolate Lab.
There is always a variety of dogs here at the park for him to chop it up with.
We haven't had any major issues with other dogs,  thank goodness, as I have seen what can happen if another dog is not feeling another.
People watching is a plus for me...it's cool to see the other dog owners with their pets....Havent come across any snobby people yet, maybe because its downtown and most people are pretty down to earth around these parts.
This spot is convenient for me as well, and that's a plus.
Check this spot out, Def worth it.

Great local dog park with tons of room for the dogs to run!

I just moved downtown and take both of my dogs here just about every day.
I have a large and small dog so I take them to the large area and all of the dogs seem to get along, so far I haven't had a problem.
As someone else mentioned they are always low on bags so I save my grocery bags and donate them to the park.
It would be nice if they could add wifi somehow so I could bring my laptop and work from one of the benches :)

I love the heck out of this dog park and now take our dogs at least once a week.
Both sides (small and large dogs) offer plenty of seating and trash cans to clean up after your pets.
I have two small dogs and typically take them to the small dogs side.
One of my dogs is a runner and this park provides her plenty of space to sprint to her heart's desire.
I love the water fountain for people and pets and our dogs love it too!
Once in awhile I bring my dogs to the large park if they are alone in the small park.
I'm not going to lie, I cringe a little bit when I take them in there because some of those bigs dogs almost knock me over!
Besides that though, I am so glad for this addition to the neighborhood.
It makes me happy to see my dogs running around, my daughter chasing after them, and seeing all of the other cute dogs, as well.
Just as much fun for me as it is for them.

I was so excited to accidentally find this dog park after taking a wrong turn.
I don't live downtown, however this is the closest dog park to me coming from South Phoenix.
The dog park was surprisingly clean and well stocked with bags.
There were a few benches as well as a ledge that made for more sitting room.
This park is beautiful and has a great location.
The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because it wasn't completely secure for my small dogs.
There was one area in the NE corner that my dog could fit through and they could also fit under the main gate.
Owners of toy breeds please be sure to keep an eye on your dog at ALL TIMES!
There is a lot of car traffic in this area and I would hate for a small dog to make their way out of there.

Visiting from out of town for 4 weeks.
Our place does not have a fenced in place.
Out three mid to small dogs have a doggie door at home so I needed to find a place they could get off the leash.
I like the area and the people here.
It is good sized, but mostly large dogs.
Have not seen many people at the small dog park even though it is very nice.

Show some love to your four legged friends!
They will thank you with kisses and affection, oh yeah and probably a long quiet nap after playing.
A phenomenal alternative to just walking your dog to burn off their energy.
After visiting many dog parks in the area Penny really like this one the best.
Nestled just behind the I-10 on 3rd avenue and across the street from a people park your fun loving pets will find a safe haven to run around, bark at passers going by, socialize, and have a great time.
Whether your puppy is big or small there is a place for them as there is a small area for the little ones as well as large dog area just across the parking lot.
If your little one is brave take them to large dog area and watch the shenanigans ensue.
The grass in the winter does get a little brown but the dogs don't mind because they can still play to their hearts content.
There is typically some community toys lying around so that you can play fetch or just let your dog wander.
Don't worry about your pup overheating from all the running and playing,  there is a doggie dog fountain to keep them hydrated.
One of the best aspects of this park is the community.
Dog lovers gather and socialize while our pups play.
Almost Everyone is quick to clean up after their dogs mess but when they don't there is a community scooper.
I've actually seen many people just walk around the park to clean up what they find.
For those of you who don't routinely keep poopie bags the local patrons and Boy Scout troops periodically supply extra plastic grocery bags for the community to use.

My dogs love this park.,,it's clean and spacious.
My dogs are about 20 pounds so they enjoy both the small-dog and big-dog side.
Great location for downtown residents like myself.
There's enough room for the dogs to actually run and play, and there are poop bags provided.
Fencing is also perfect.
Hoping too many people don't find out about this park!

The pup and I walked here yesterday so that he could socialize a bit with other dogs.
Unfortunately, there was only one other dog here when we came.
The facility was nice, but it was a little dirty with poop all over the ground... come on people, clean up after your pets.
It was a little funny, my dog was scared of the doggie drinking fountain, but hopefully he'll get used to it.
We will certainly be back!

I'm here a few times a week with my dog (the large dog side).
Considering the craziness that takes place at most dog parks this one is pretty relaxed.
Most of the dog owners here are pretty responsible here handling their dogs and cleaning up after them.
It's super convenient and has a lot of space for all the large dogs.

Love this place!
Nice and big, clean, and safe.
As a touring musician I spend a lot of time away from home, so it's good that my wife can easily walk out our front door and jet across the park from our Portland apartment to let him play any time she wants.
I had 2 run-ins with dogs going after him, but only the first one was an issue with the owner refusing to leave the park, or even do anything about it.
Doesn't reflect on Hance Park at all for me, still the best around!
My ONLY wish is that there were some trees for shade and a second water fountain for the dogs on the far side.

I want to start off saying that I love dogs!
I have two of my own so of course when I found out that this was being built directly across from the school I work at, I was there for the grand opening and several times since.
There are two gated areas, one for small dogs and one for big dogs.
I have to go to the small dog one as I have 2 small dogs.
I gave it 4 stars because there is always a shortage of waste bags when I go and it is a little smaller than I would have liked.
My dogs don't seem to mind though.
It is cute because there is a tree with a place to sit under it while your dogs are running around.
I obviously love the location because I live 5 minutes from work so that means I only live 5 minutes from this place (Remember, I work at the school across the street).
It is a lot easier for me to want to take my boys if I only have to drive 5 minutes instead of 25 minutes.
It is definitely cleaner than other dog parks I have gone to and I think that is because there is a crew that gets together to clean it and go over any improvements.
I do have to say that I really like the design of the fences.
It is definitely unique and different.
If you have dogs, I would highly suggest giving it a try to see what you think but for my dogs and I, it is very convient.

Love this dog park.
There's two separate parks - one for big dogs and one for small dogs.
Both have benches and picnic tables for sitting, and the small dog park has a nice little ledge along the grassy area for additional seating.
There's a few different trash cans, a community pooper scooper, and lots of free bags available if you forgot to bring something to clean up after your pet.
There's also a doggie water fountain and a second for humans if they get thirsty.
Lots of parking, and it has some good lighting.
I think this is my new favorite dog park in the Central Phoenix area.

