Got a chance to try out mgm newest restaurant.
Nicely decorated intimate place.
Intercontinental Menu is on a one sheet, with small plates for sharing, and the big plates for main course.
There's only a few pasta dishes in the "small plate" section.
The big plate are all meat and fish.
Food was good, service was great.
2 cocktail, 3 small plates, 2 big plates $160.

The shrimp risotto was amazing!!
The lamb is perfect!
We ate here on Christmas Eve and everything was so Delish!
Try the angus sliders with Bleu cheese and sunny side up quail eggs, very yummy!
The overall atmosphere inside Crush at MGM is classy, garden chic.
With the green tones, rocks and trees inside the restaurant, Crush is both comfortable and impressive.
The menu is gluten-free too!
Our Server was friendly and helpful...Next time we will try the dessert!
2 Appetizers, 2 Entrees  $110

We had dinner reservations at Crush for Christmas.
It's the restaurant that took over the space where Nobhill used to be.
It had big shoes to fill, but we were hopeful since it's owned by Michael Morton who is also the co-founder N9NE at the Palms.
The restaurant has a rustic chic garden feel.
It wasn't too busy on Christmas eve, despite other restaurants being quite crowded.
We had a booth in back after asking not to be seated at the high-top bar tables near the entry.
They offered a nice blend of cocktails, wines and beers.
We had Kronenbourg Blanc ($9) and Oro di Milano Riserva ($14), on the pricey side, but I appreciated the rare selections.
The menu follows the current trend of small plates and specialty pizzas with a few large plate selections for those who prefer the old school way of dining.
We started with the ricotta gnocchi with braised short rib ($16).
It's offered as a small plate, but we shared as an appetizer.
It's hardly enough for two, but quite enjoyable.
The shortrib was rich and decadent.
The gnocchi was tender and light, though it had less ricotta flavor than anticipated.
We each ordered large plates for our entrees.
My husband chose the Lamb Sirloin with Brussels Sprouts ($38) and I had the Seabass with Kale ($34).
Large plate portions are not for hearty appetites but definitely an upgrade from the small plates.
He really enjoyed the Brussels sprouts, and the lamb was tender and cooked medium rare as requested, but there was a flavor that was off putting.
He barely touched it.
The waiter took notice and offered something else from the menu.
After some urging, he chose the wild mushroom pizza ($16).
The pizza was pretty darn good.
The crust was nice and crisp, the fontina was creamy and paired well with the earthiness of the mushrooms.
My seabass and kale was prepared and served in parchment paper.
It was topped with a tomato chutney.
The flavors were good, but the texture overall was one note; mushy.
It would've been better with some crunch.
I tend to prefer fish with a nice sear.
While dinner might not have been top notch the staff was very accomodating.
They went out of their way to be sure we were satisfied.
I give them props.
They sent out a complimentarty Nutella Crunch dessert for the trouble.
Hazelnuts and nutella are a match made in heaven.
The dessert did not disappoint.
Crush has only been open a few weeks so they may hit their stride given more time.

Went here for NYE with my wife and 2 friends.
I wouldn't call it a tapas place, but they do have a lot of appetizers.
I had the very tasty shrimp risotto and short rib steak.
My wife had the meatball appetizer which was pretty huge and the short rib appetizer which was also good.
They had a well priced wine list and a separate vegan menu.

I went to Crush for NYE and given the occasion it was fairly priced.
The waiter was superfriendly and accommodating of all our requests.
Unfortunately,  the  hors d'oeuvre, shimp risotto, was a bit al dente.
But, everything else was exquisite.
I would definitely revisit this place.

Crush was a fantastic place to get a group dinner.
They had very unique one of a kind dishes that could accommodate the tastes of everyone at our table including the vegetarians.
The drink "Punch Drunk Love" is fantastic, sweet, and light.
The pizza was only okay, but everything else was quite wonderful.

After walking through the crush of people in the MGM Grand, you arrive at Crush, a relatively small restaurant located off the casino floor of the hotel/resort.
What a lovely, peaceful space it is.
You are presented with the opportunity to try many dishes, thanks to the tapas style menu.
But there is nothing Spanish about the menu; it is "anything goes" like so much of Vegas.
The Hamachi plate is especially good.
The veal bolognese is just the right amount of filling.
The hazelnut dessert seems large enough to share, until you taste it and then you don't want to share it with anybody!
The wine list is cushioned with surprises and a solid foundation of wines.
The bar itself is a busy space, not quite comfortable seating at the bar itself, but the back room, with its curved, brick ceiling makes up for all that.
Our server was knowledgeable and courteous.

Came here with daddy and Julez after a day of roaming around.
Honestly, the place seems nice but none of the dish were memorable  A+: Service - everyone was very attentive and stylish :)  B- : Grilled chicken pizza - eh, it's pizza, like I said, nothing memorable, it was more on the soggy side, chicken was a little dry  C: CA Sea Bass - I think it's my fault because I didn't read the menu thoroughly but I didn't care for the tomato taste.
On the other hand, dad really enjoyed it, said the fish was cooked just right  A: Ricotta Gnocchi - So tender, fell apart in your mouth, best dish of the night  I feel like this place have potential, we ordered a lot drinks, not the best cosmo I ever had but whateves.
I feel like with all the restaurants in Vegas, I probably will not be returning here.

Expensive, but well worth it!!
Food fantastic, service fantastic.

Had an awesome meal at crush.
All dishes were great especially the gnocchi, scallops and the imported beer!
Definitely be back!
Oh and the girls loved the swing at the front!

Great food, great service, great time!
Food was unbelievable, especially mushroom pizza and gnocchi.
Chrissy was our waitress - helpful, attentive and on top of everything!
Dinner and Drinks were well made with terrific ambience.
Worth it - Will be back for more!

Good sliders.
... Roasted Cornish hen pretty tasty.
This is a fairly new establishment inside the MGM Grand.
Good place for group dinner so you can order a variety of dishes to share dishes.
Overall ambiance is dim/dark and provides an intimate setting.
Of the three pizzas we ordered for the group, the wild mushroom pizza had the fontina cheese and stood out as the best.
The angus mini sliders are juicy and were cooked medium rare.
Half roasted chicken were also juicy and moist.

Situated where Nobhill used to be is a new Michael Morton tapas joint.
I immediately noticed the decor, I kinda felt like I was at winery in Napa.
White washed wood covers from the floor to the ceiling, candles lit on the borders of the ceiling, the tables and chairs made to feel like a sleek outside dining experience.
Our server was quick to get our drink orders.
They had a pretty decent hand crafted cocktail menu.
The one that caught our eye was the Punch, Drunk, Love: mint infused Hendricks Gin, Lillet Rose, Fresh Watermelon Juice and Fresh Lime Juice.
I suggest if you are going to have more than one drink (trust me, it's delicious, you will want more than one) you should share the family style, it comes in a carafe.
Sticking to the idea of shared plates, we decided against doing an entree and just ordered a bunch of the tapas.
Roasted Cauliflower appetizer-this was good, maybe a little heavy on the red  wine vinegar, I wish we would've tried the Cauliflower Mash instead.
Sea Scallop Benny-Sunny side quail egg, chorizo and chipotle hollandaise.
This was excellent.
The flavors were very unique.
Octupus Ceviche- Grapefruit, Pickled Jalepenos.
This was pretty good, I think I liked the Taro Chips more than the ceviche though.
Ricotta Gnocchi- Braised Short Rib and Pea Puree.
Awesome.
It's no wonder this is one of their signature dishes.
The short ribs were so tender.
Get it.
Littleneck Clams- Coconut Chili Broth.
These were good, the broth was a little salty for me, but thankfully the coconut did mellow out the salt.
Ask for an extra piece of bread to dip into the broth.
This place is a little pricey, comparable to La Cave.
The tapas are definately not sharable for more than two people.
Everything was pretty good, including the service.
They also have a vegan menu.

Mostly small plates, but all food we had was excellent.
Service was also top notch, and the restaurant had a very trend ambiance.
We will certainly be back.
Great place to stop before or after a show.

Came here for Valentine's Day!
YES, I am a little behind on my reviews LOL.
Very cool, trendy looking restaurant with romantic lighting.
Tapas sizes, so you get to try a bit of everything!
The reason why I came here :  Sea Scallop Benny ($18): Quail Egg, Chorizo & Chipotle Hollandaise.
This was EXCELLENT and even better than expected!
I really liked the subtle spice to the dish as well.
Recommended!
Ricotta Gnocchi ($16): Braised Short Rib & Pea Puree.
This was also delicious!
I really enjoyed the short rib and gnocchi combination.
The ricotta breaks down the "beefy" flavor and creates a more CREAMY consistency.
Great!
Salt & Pepper Frites ($9): Garlic Aioli & Romesco Dipping Sauce.
I LOVE garlic aioli and french fries even more!
Of course this was delicious lol.
Hamachi ($15): Yellowtail, Cucumber, Yuzu Vinaigrette & Chili Threads.
This was great, with good quality hamachi and a non-overpowering yuzu flavor.
Angus Mini Burgers ($15): Buttermilk Blue Cheese, Balsamic Onion & Fried Quail Egg.
I enjoyed the Blue Cheese burger best personally.
All cooked to medium-medium well though, so a bit over for my tastes.
And to finish, the Nutella Squeeze Ice Cream Sandwich ($9): Chocolate Whipped Cream, Nutella Cream & Carmelized Hazelnut.
You already know this was good!
Just do it already :P  Great place for date night, and one of the better priced spots in MGM, bang for your buck wise!
Check it out :)

The ambience and service are wonderfully hospitable and inviting.
The menu has just enough items to tempt your palate but not too many that make you crazy trying to decide.
The 28oz bone in ribeye was Overcooked and that the top 1% of prime meat.
It was good but it was not great.
The bone in ribeye at delmonico, cut, and Ruth's Chris are all way tastier and if higher quality.
The 32oz need short rib was very tasty with a pepper crust that made the dish.
The mixed salad with prosciutto was delightful.
The creamed spinach lacked flavor and the pizza was undercooked and soggy.
The Nutella squeeze dessert was just ok lacking something I just can't identify.
Overall, it was a nice place to dine, however with so many better options I will not be returning but I would recommend you give it a try.

So our waitress..... attitude of the server can make or break the experience.
She never came to our table to see if we needed more water or if everything was ok.
When she poured our drinks, passed the food out, she was banging everything with an "I could care less" attitude.
And to say the least my friend ordered the scallop crudo.
HILARIOUS, me and all my friends literally busted out laughing because it was the tiniest tapa we have ever seen.
We thought it was a sad joke.
It was literally 1 scallop the size of a quarter sliced thinly with the same amount of radish thinly sliced as well.
I ordered the octopus cerviche.
Everything tasted the same because everything had lime in it.
But I enjoyed my taro chips that came with my octopus cerviche more than the octopus cerviche itself.

We ate here for dinner and there were three of us.
We sat in the bar area.
There are no TVs in the bar so do not expect to watch any games in this location  I had an arugula salad and a mushroom style pizza.
The prices were reasonable considering the amount of food that you received.
The personal pizza is approximately 13 inches long by about 6 inches wide.
Very thin crust.
They have a pretty good beer selection with some standard IPAs.
I enjoyed my dogfish 90 minute IPA

In all honesty, with the plethora of great places to eat inside the MGM, this was literally our last resort: The Mayweather match was happening that night and all the other sit down restaurants were totally booked up.
Unless it's my only option again, I doubt I'll be back.
But let me be clear: Everything about the place except for the food was great .
It's a beautiful restaurant with a lovely ambiance.
We sat near the back and the server was EXCEPTIONAL, being very attentive to our table and helpful with the ordering process.
Even the gentleman refilling my water was careful to make sure my cup never went empty and I drink a looooot of water.
But the food.
Meh.
"Tapas" portions but not really.
The shrimp in the shrimp risotto was too salty to even consume.
The filet was pretty decent but "pretty decent" in Vegas isn't really saying much...
I do have to commend them, however, for having a seperate menu for those with food  restrictions (vegan, vegetarian, dairy free, gluten free and shellfish/seafood free) which you can find here: https://www.mgmgrand.com/pdf/crush_vegan_menu.pdf

My husband and I had a really good experience at Crush.
We ordered the date & artichoke pizza and a kale/mushroom salad for starters.
The pizza was different and tasty (I can't remember ever seeing a date on a pizza before) and my husband, who is vegetarian, could not get enough of the salad.
Also my husband was SO EXCITED because they carried Innis & Gunn beer and he hadn't seen it in the States before.
I had a glass of Chard.
I thought it was pretty terrible but I'm not one to complain about wines so I sipped it twice before my husband asked me if I liked it.
I told him I didn't so he tried it.
He thought it had gone bad so he asked the waitress to replace it with a different one.
She was very kind about it and the new glass was quite nice.
For entree I had the shrimp risotto and my husband had the roasted cauliflower.
Both were great.
We ended the meal with an odd sort of chocolate dessert with mangoes.
It wasn't my favorite dessert ever but small enough that we still managed to finish it off easily.
The waitress was great and attentive.
It had a very European feel inside.
You quickly forget that you are just inside a casino!

Crush is a great new restaurant at MGM... On my recent visit, service was spot on, and the food was fantastic.
Our large group ordered many different tapas, and all of them were universally enjoyed  Some of the "small plates" are larger than others, but if you eat alot and don't want to break the bank ordering 10 tapas, go with their regular size entrees

Recommneded by my concierge we gave this restaurant a try since we were headed to KA right next door.
What a great little hidden gem, You  have no idea how large or the ambience of this place from the front and we were walked back into a real treat!
Due to our large party size they set us up in one of there private dining areas, good thing for this loud group.
They were so attentive to us and got this large, sometimes hard to wrangle group out on time for the show, even with some split checks.
The scallops with quail egg were so good!
They did forget our carrots and green beans we added on, but probably a good thing - as we were stuffed.
(never checked to see if they made it to the bill, I will have to trust them on that one;)) the wine list had some reasonable options-even for non- Vegas standards!
there was a slight issue with the bartender not having any idea what type of beers he had on tap, I mean there were only like 5, he could have educated himself to know if they were at least an IPA, lager, etc.
Was a bit pricey for some of the small plates sizes, but the service was so excellent,  I will be back to this one!

Totally mediocre.
I went on a Saturday night, so they should have been at the top of their game.
Based on reviews, I was expecting something wonderful.
I had the caesar salad which was delicious except for the pretzel croutons which were too tough to chew.
Then I had the shrimp risotto.
Only three little shrimp!
The shrimp were good but the risotto was not.
It was cold and the sauce tasted like Chef Boy'rD.
My friend's broccoli side order was not put in right away so it came after the meal.
It was tasty but it was strange to eat it like a dessert.
There were lots of servers standing around talking to each other.
They seemed bored, waiting for food to come out of the kitchen.
I asked for a napkin because I didn't have one at my place setting and it took a long time to come.
I should have just grabbed one from the next table.
Anyway, I was so annoyed by the whole experience that I used my phone while we were waiting for broccoli to make a reservation at another restaurant for the next day.
The ambiance is nice, quiet enough to have a conversation.
Oddly, there is a TV in the dining area but not in the bar.
Maybe the pizza would have been better.
I saw some at another table and it looked good.
But with so many restaurants in Vegas, you can do better.

