Keep on walking.
Make a different choice.
Horrible fries, we even went back for a do-over.
Still undercooked and soggy.
Lousy and slow service.
Overpriced even for airport vendors.

hamburger, fries and soda delivery order near gate c-twenties...orders delivered to lucky streak bar...paying a little extra premium price...$fifteen total after tip....simple burger with beef, ketchup and pickle slicing...odd shaped lumpy burger patty...guessing roughly hand formed...surprisingly the burger wasn't bad at all...in contrast, the fries were pretty bad...thick crinkle cut sticks of fries...blackened edge...no crisp...soft soggy thick potato...skip the fries...

I love the Brand Nathan's I mean who doesn't.
I have had Nathans at the Venetian before and it was way better but this Nathan's is in an airport so I would think that would be why.
The food is still good just wasn't as fresh as I would have liked it.
Love Nathans though!

The hotdogs rule, but you already knew that.
They need to change the fry oil though.
The fries had a funky taste.
I ended up tossing them out.

Nathan's $7 Cheeseburger Has Really Got Nothing Much More On A $1 McDouble  SITREP  It certainly has nothing On TWO $1 McDoubles.
And what would anyone rather pay for very similar fast food hamburger- metrics?
$7?
Or $2?
AIRPORT "COST" METRICS  "Since we're an airport location, everything has to be more expensive!
*BULLSHIT*.
Nothing justifies more cost.
But GREED always comes into play with "captured audiences", also like concert or festival sites, malls, etc.
It's all *Bullshit*.
SERVICE  And what I can't abide is attitude given by the cook when I remind him he said the burger "would be out in 5 mins", more than 15 mins ago.
And then he said (again) it would be out in "5 mins".
*Shrug* Sometimes you don't win.
And sometimes therr are just times you feel like an explanation of logic & common measurements of time, would have more impact if shared with a brick wall.
THE LOWDOWN  2-Stars at least for the burger, cause it didn't suck.
But cost, time & attitude *supernova* the remaining stars.

Can't go wrong with a hot dog or two!

Holy fucking shit!
Absolutely the worst example I have ever seen in 25+ years in the food service industry.
I'm not even going to address the particulars but if you are a hot dog stand and can't make a fucking edible hot dog you should go home and hang yourself.
We had an hour left of our 2 hour layover and had to run to board.
Hamburger-crap.
Chicken sandwich-downright dangerous looking.
Second hot dog- directly in the trash.
Insanely overpriced even for airport in Vegas.
10 fucking dollars for a 3oz pre-cooked microwave heated "chicken breast" with a couple tomato slices and a few leaves of brown wilted lettuce?
No fucking thank you.
Chicken was grainy and slippery, not a good sign in my not so humble opinion.
No refunds?
Good thing this is a captive audience with limited choices.
If I had the luxury of returning the would be pain.
Lots of pain.
Such a fonging you would receive.

Connected to Jersey Mike's it is the same third rate staff and dirty environment.
If you can't keep clean areas in line of sight to the counter I don't want to even think about the storage and other back spaces.
Expensive?
It's  an airport and one in Vegas at that.
The airport management need to do more to bring up food standards.

