Clever Koi Is exactly what was needed on central.
A unique & innovative Restaurant.
Aesthetically, it's very nice , great lighting decor, ambiance & music.
Today was the "soft opening" and the the place was packed which was pretty impressive because everyone knew about it from word of mouth.
The Food: I tried the Pork Noodles and they were delicious and for $11 the price wasn't bad.
I had the "enabler" cocktail, it was Ok, kinda pungent, I'll def try something else next time..
I'll be back soon to try other things and update my review.

Clever Koi knocks it out of the park in every way!
Genuine staff and great service.
Food and drinks are delicious.
Cool design, relaxed but upbeat ambience.
These guys are doing what they love and it shows.
Well done!
I'm excited to have this place in Phoenix!

Bravo to the modern Asian noodle and dumpling house.
The noodles soups are top notch, especially the Hot Pot seafood soup, as well as the simply delicious in a bowl, Roasted Pork noodle soup with ramen.
I'm still thinking about it until now, although I could do without the mushrooms (and I like mushrooms).
My friend and I, shared two starters, the Smoked "Pig Face" dumplings and the Peking Duck bun.
The dumplings were scrumptious because of the pork, yum but i'm not sure if the price is justified at $8 for 4 pieces, it's pretty much the size of a gyoza dumpling, so, it's not large but taste factor it's on point.
As for the Peking duck bun that can be split between two but one bun per person will suffice because it's plenty and delicious, I'm looking forward to trying out their other buns in the near future.
My friend got the chicken katsu, and she said it was pretty good but advised that in the future, she'd get the sauce on the side because it was quite salty.
Overall, love the resto layout, the overall feel is cozy but for some odd reason there seems to be a draft.
Service was not slow but there seem to be confusion with some orders, I'm thinking it's first official day jitters, and eventually i'm sure, service will smoothen out.
I'm looking forward to my next visit for a steaming bowl of noodles or maybe kimchi fried rice.
YUM!

Tonight would have been my first time at Clever Koi.
But, too bad they failed to let anyone know their kitchen closes at 10.
The hours listed say they close at 11.
After standing at the hostess desk for an uncomfortably long time a women informs us that we cannot be seen.
Why would something like this not be common knowledge?!
What a bummer.

Tried a variety of this new restaurants' offerings over 3 visits.
The octopus summer roll starter was amazing with great dipping sauce,  beet salad flavorful and light, octopus and duck buns great, pig face dumplings also great, for main had the seafood hotpot noodle bowl, this was one of the best dishes at an Asian restaurant I've ever had, the space is beautiful and reminiscent of New York City or LA styles places, hip crowd, great bar and service, overall great experience

I practically live next door and have been eagerly awaiting for it to open.
I came here today specifically as an end to my Small Business Saturday.
There are all ready so many great places in Central and Downtown Phoenix, but they're all either Mexican, burgers and salads or pizza.
This is such a welcome and refreshing change to that line-up.
From the moment I entered to the moment I left, service was spot-on.
It was friendly, personable, the staff was knowledgable, I couldn't  have asked for or expected better.
The same with the food.
It was seriously one of the best meals I have ever had.
I started with a single steamed bun with duck.
It was so good.
I contemplated ordering 2-3 more and just making that my meal.
Since it was my first time there, I figured I'd try something else for my entree though.
I had the chicken katzu rice bowl.
WOW!
Such a unique flavor.
I cannot wait to go back and drag everyone I know with me.

I love the look and feel of this place -it's very cozy and laid back, though a bit small.
They do have outside seating though.
This is just a side note though - who cares about the decor?
Let's talk about the food...
Came with a friend, so we shared :  Octopus Spring Roll - It was blah.
It's definitely over priced at $10 for 5 tiny pieces and lacked substance.
If you know what a spring roll looks like - well, they basically cut it up into 5 pieces.
The "nuoc cham"/ fish sauce for dipping had an okay flavor - but it lacked the necessary garlic, chili, and lime used in authentic fish sauce.
There was barely any octopus in the roll, accompanied with some lettuce.
The octopus itself had a weird smokey flavor to it.
I probably won't order this one again.
Duck Steamed Bun - Overall flavor was good, but not amazing.
The sauce that is smeared inside the bun compliments the duck well, but it was very minimal - and as someone said in another review, a side of sauce should definitely accompany the bun.
The duck had very little texture, as it was too soft and fatty.
The duck skin should be crispy to compliment the softness of the bun.
Kimchi Fried Rice with BBQ pork - I have mixed feelings about this one, in a sense that it definitely doesn't taste like traditional kimchi fried rice I've had at Korean restaurants, but for something that doesn't taste like what it's supposed to taste like, it's not bad.
I love that the texture wasn't too greasy, and the seasoning was good.
They added enough kimchi, so it didn't overpower the dish.
My only gripe is that it doesn't come with an egg over easy.
That's like eating waffles without syrup.
I didn't hate this place, but I'm not sure if I like it either...
I'd probably come back to try their noodle entrees though.

Fantastic venue!
I think Clever Koi is a great fusion of Asian cuisine.
I attended the soft opening.
It was busy as expected.
There are a few kinks to work out as this is a new concept.
But the food was great.
I ordered the kimchi fried rice with seafood sausage.
My drink was also wonderful with hints of ginger and a beautiful garnish.
Our server was very kind.
The restaurant has nowhere to go but up and the server believed this with great conviction.

I love this place.
The atmosphere is awesome, service is great - every person really friendly and helpful.
My favorite dishes  are the chop chop salad and pork fried rice.
The bartenders will make you a special cocktail if you give them a basic flavor profile, which is a great way to try a new drink or two.

My coworker Mario lives just down the street from Cleaver Koi, and I've been jonesing to try this new restaurant ever since I heard about it over the summer.
I picked up a menu to study prior to ordering.
We ended up splitting the seafood hot pot, lamb pastrami and Peking duck steamed buns, smoked "pig face" dumplings and Chinese long beans.
While the hot pot was good, I probably wouldn't order it again (but I'm not a huge soup person, unless it's pho).
The house bacon lured me to order the Peking duck, and while it was delicious on its own it wasn't as amazing as the lamb pastrami.
Good gravy that meat rocked!
The pig face dumplings are packed with guanciale and is absolutely heavenly paired with kimchi.
The long beans with crispy duck tongue were as awesome as it sounds--the lightly battered and fried tongues taste slightly like mushrooms and melt in your mouth.
Overall, we were both impressed with Cleaver Koi.
The food was great and reasonably priced.
The music was hip but not too loud.
While there is outside seating, it's far too cold to enjoy.
Regardless, I'm already planning my next meal for when I return.

The food here is amazing!
The best way to describe it is Heaven in your mouth.
I went to the soft opening with a good size group and shared a little bit of everything.
There wasn't anything that stood out more than the other because everything I ate was delicious.
Each dish was uniquely full of savory flavor.
There wasn't one dish that I though was "just okay".
I definitely plan to be a regular.
Although I can't remember the names of all the dishes, some good appetizers to start off with are the Char Siu Beef  Spring Roll and the Smoked "Pig Face" (How can you say no to these names?).
The noodles are a must try and everything else on the menu is as well.
We asked for chef choices and did not regret it.
The prices are pretty average, $8 to $13.
The cocktails are also unique and rather tasty.
We tried the Temperance Trap, The Enabler, and the Honor Your Dojo (again... How can you say no to these names?).
The ambience was cool and the service was great!
They also have a nice patio area that faces central ave. A must try!

Super excited to have this type of restaurant in Phoenix!
the menu consists of dumplings, steam buns, noodle dishes, hot pots and several yummy appetizers.
They also have a great drink menu with some awesome cocktails.
We ended up getting there before 6 for an AWESOME happy hour!
The HH menu has probably 5 or 6 food items and discounted drinks.
We started with the salt and pepper shrimp, that were awesome!
They even do it right and serve the crispy shrimp head!
We also got the house wings that were in this sweet vinegar type sauce.
Pretty good, I like my wings crispier but they were solid..
I had a lamb pastrami steam bun with mustard greens that was out of this world!
Super flavorful, great texture.
Just killer.
I also got my meal frm the HH  menu, a huge steaming awesome bowl of Ramen for $5!!!
it had grilled bbq pork, sprouts, musrhooms, greens and a healthy potion of noodles topped off with an over easy egg.
Great bowl of ramen.
I wll say the noodles were a tad underdone and I found the broth a bit heavy, but still a mega legit bowl of ramen.
My wife ordered the seafood hot pot.
She wasn't a huge fan due to the spice factor, but it was a well put together dish.
My fave part of her dish was this awesome fish cake!
I had this deink called teh enabler, easily one of my fave drink in Phoenix right now.
It had house smoked whiskey, maple honey and some bitters.
Just a great smokey whiskey drink.
Wifey had a glass of wine.
the atmosphere is great, the food is great and they have a solid happy hour.
to top it off, the service was perfect.
I'll for sure be back to try the dumplings, more noodle dishes and several glasses of whiskey!

Clever Koi is like the 1st luxury car I purchased.
Sexy, stylish, Desirable & I was excited to own it.
But after the novelty wore off I realized that it wasn't quite as special as I thought it was.
I gave Clever Koi 4 stars on my 1st review, they got that because overall the food was pretty good, but the atmosphere and presentation bumped it a star.
Considering you can't give a 3.5 stars I gave it a 4, partially because I think the place is really cool and I want it to succeed, but after 4 visits, (I'm currently the duke of this establishment as you might see) I'm making an update based on subsequent visits.
Let me address the food, every time It has been plated and presented so artfully, and you can tell that the menu and dishes were meticulously planned.
The problem is the execution.
like tonight for example, I ordered the chicken fried turkey wing, and it looked delectable, but delectable it was not.
It was DRY, so dry it would have been inedible had it not been for the house Sriracha sauce I requested.
My friend had the pork ramen, he stated that the broth tasted like pure soy sauce and he was not satisfied with it.
On a prior visit, I also had the one of the steamed buns with some sort of pork.
The pork was quite chewy and the greens that were inside the bun had a strong vinegar flavor, it just wasn't good.
I won't carry on about every imperfection but I'm adjusting my rating to a 3 because after extensive exploration of the menu the food just does not live up to a 4 star rating.
Tonight Mgmnt certainly made a more than adequate effort to save my experience, and I greatly appreciate them covering our bill.
However, I feel the responsibility to the yelp community to share honest feedback and after 4 visits It was necessary to update my review to reflect what I have experienced.
I still think it's an innovative, and unique place and will continue to come for drinks, but overall the food has been average at best and they maintain a 3 from me because of the location, creativity, presentation, and the atmosphere.

Yet another restaurant that makes you valet your car.
We parked in the large, mostly empty parking lot ajacent to the restaurant.
As we approached the front door, the valet guy tells us we will be towed if we leave our car there.
Ok, back to the car, to find a restaurant with parking.
As we were leaving, I did see some street parking but by then I was not in the mood for The Clever Koi.
Sorry, lost a customer, won't be back.

Found a brillo pad metal hair in our seafood noodles, but the staff was good looking, so I'll be back.
Pig face dumpling with kimche was yummy, duck sticky bun was better then lamb sticky bun.
Why didn't they comp the whole the meal?
They only comped the brillo pad noodles, if I'm pooping blood I'm going to be mad.

Have been excited to try this place out and finally did today for lunch.
Started off with the steamed buns (seriously soooo soft and perfect) ordered the peking duck, pickled pineapple, and lamb pastrami.
It would have been nice to have another slice of meat for the lamb pastrami, since it was pretty small for the size of the bun.
But all were very delicious!
Meal wise I ordered the Chicken Katsu which came with Kimchi, a poached egg, Nori, and Teriyaki.
I killed that bowl clean.
My girlfriend had the Roasted Pork Ramen with house bacon, pickled mustard greens, a poached egg, bean sprouts, and shiitake.
She loved it!
My friends ordered the seafood ramen with udon noodles and the only bad thing they had to say was that they wish it was in a bigger bowl with more broth.
The restaurant setting was super chill and all the workers were friendly.
However, the only part that limited me from giving 5 stars was the wait time.
Especially after we were finished eating it took a while to finally receive our check... but it is still newly opened so i'm sure they'll master that in no time.
definitely will be back for more :)

After hearing about this place from my friend I was excited to come eat here.
The restaurant is open and laid back.
It's kinda small but they offer seating outside so it's not to bad.
The bar area is very nice and open and I like that you can see the chefs cooking.
We started off with the steamed buns.
I ordered the Peking duck and my boyfriend got the Tempura onion ring.
The Peking duck had house bacon with mizuna and charred plum jam.
It was tasty and I think the steam buns complimented the duck but it was a little messy to eat.
The tempura onion ring was ok. Just tasted like onion rings wrapped in a bun with pineapple flavoring.
Then we got a Seafood Hot Pot and Massaman Udon.
The bowls were a bit on the small side..
I could have paid $6 less and got a big bowl of pho.
But anyways the Seafood Hot pot was good but not great.
I liked the shrimp and scallop and the octopus fish cake.
The only thing I would have liked was more broth .
They filled the soup broth only 1/3 of the bowl.
My boyfriends dish the Massaman Udons were delicious!!
It had red curry with roasted duck, fingerling and pickled peppers.
It tasted just like a Thai dish but instead of rice they served it with noodles.
I wanted to eat his food instead of mine lol.
Overall I would come back for the steamed buns.
The staff was friendly but the service was slow.
It wasn't that busy but it took forever to get our food and check.

I'll make this short and sweet.
the restaurant is small and has a cute setup.
The staff are nice and were attentive.
THE PEKING DUCK STEAMED BUN IS TO DIE FOR.
The lamb pastrami bun was pretty good too but it's covered in a vinaigrette sauce that's a bit overpowering.
the roasted pork ramen wasn't as good as we imagined it to be.
the seafood hot pot flavor was amazing as delicious and it did have good portion of fish, but it was lacking broth and the bowls were SO small for a 14 dollar noodle soup dish....  when it got a bit busier, the guys behind the kitchen looked like they were struggling to keep up.
there were 5 guys running into each other and looked very disorganized and it took a good hour for our food to come out.
I would come back but only for the steamed buns.

The food was excellent!!!
The steamed buns were amazing and quite creative.
Everyone on the staff from hostess to busser were attentive and helpful.
The Peking duck dumpling is a must.
Will definitely be a regular spot from here on out.

We went with a group of 5- would highly recommend coming with a large group so you can try everything  Would get again: the ramen!
Absolutely delicious, the poached egg was perfect.
The dumplings were moist & perfect, with a nice touch of spice.
The house made sriacha was an added bonus.
Would also recommend the steamed buns (the bottom two on the list- pork bacon?
And lamb?
) can't remember.
But also very good  For me, the katsu is not my cup of tea.
It was actually very good but I do not prefer fried chicken meals.
My bf, however, loved it.
This place is actually easier for picky eaters to enjoy than I would have expected.
We will definitely be back.
Also!
Relatively cheap, we were all stuffed & paid twenty a person with tip!
The ambience is pretty laid back & the lighting isn't too dark which I absolutely hate about Asian restaurants.

Gotta say - this was an excellent meal, and have been back twice.
The steamed buns are very good - and as some have suggested are large, but not excessive.
They come in a bunch of flavors, and the only downside is you can't really cut the dang things to share.
But you probably won't share anyways!
The house bacon and pickled mustard greens are superb, rich and tasty.
The roasted duck noodles are perfect and are just the right size for a meal and the chicken katsu with the egg on top is great as well.
Great bar selection, very nice and attentive staff and some chefs that look like they mean business makes this a really nice place for those of us that enjoy the tapas experience.
Great, great, great....

This is a great little restaurant.
We are recently huge fans of the Parlor, so thought that finally eating some Chinese food (that's not dim sum) since we moved to Phoenix was called for.
Plus, Central Phoenix is our home.
We tried a variety of things.
Spring roll with beef neck, steamed buns with duck/lamb pastrami, dumplings with pork & kimchi, the mission chinese kung pao and fried rice with bbq pork.
The spring roll was good, glad I tried it, probably wouldn't eat it again (the sauce was weird).
Steamed buns were amazing and delicious and I want more of them.
Dumplings were ok, interesting, spicy, probably wouldn't order again.
Husband loved his kung pao (I want to order it next time) and my fried rice was smokey and full of flavor and veggies and pork (as opposed to the mostly rice version of most chinese take out).
Cocktails.
I would come here just for the drinks.
Oh my goodness they were amazing.
Sloe burn is at the top of the list, first recommendation to anyone.
One of the best cocktails I've ever tried.
Temperance tamer was just what I needed tonight, which was a little sweet and a little sour (grapefruit, yum).
This is a place we will certainly come back to.
We could also see ourselves just coming in for drinks and steamed buns.
That would be delicious.

The Clever Koi is a modern take on traditional Asian cuisine.
They serve wonderful noodle dishes, steamed buns and house made dumplings.
They also have an interesting and exciting mix of hand crafted cocktails.
It has a comfortable modern setting with a nice long bar and expansive patio that faces Central.
We stopped in for happy hour the other day and were pleasantly surprised with the prices and variety of cocktails and eats.
We started with the beets, they came with cucumber, pickeled ginger, bean curd and a lemongrass vinaigrette.
It was beautifully plated, but the amount of soy was so overwhelming it was difficult to eat(and the beets weren't completely ripe).
For the noodle bowl we tried the roasted pork, it came with bacon, mustard greens, bean sprouts, shitake mushrooms and a soft egg.
It was delicious.
I had to try the steamed buns and went for the squid sausage that the bartender recommended.
It was amazing and I loved the aioli it was dressed in.
I had "The Enabler" which was hickory whiskey, grilled lemon juice, burlesque bitters.
It had a slow smoke flavor that stayed in my mouth long after the drink was done.
The bartenders were awesome, we had a great experience and will definitely be back.

Virtually nothing vegetarian or vegan on the menu.
Disappointing.
We left.
Lots of great options near by.
Went to Thai Tiger down the street.
Definitely not as swanky but yum and they have great options for veggies.
Most places, particularly hip ones, have started to take pride in having great tasting and creative options without meat.
Too bad this one doesn't.

Let me start off by saying, I really like the Clever Koi.
The ambiance is perfect, the staff is friendly, and the food is good.
This place wants to be 5 stars...it's begging for it, but there are some things missing.
#1 SAUCE.
Something as simple as that would make this place 5 stars.
Everything was delicious but needed that extra ounce of optional saturation to make it great.
Duck buns, bok choy dumplings and the fried rice were all good.
Also, the chairs in this plae are hard to move around, ESP at the bar, and make a ton of noise.
Those little chair leg felt pieces would do this place wonders.
Other than those small details, this place is awesome.
Overall, definitely give this place a try.
The Clever Koi is so close to 5 stars, you may almost believe it is.

I was so, so glad that I was in town to check out The Clever Koi right after its opening in November!
After moving away from Phoenix mid-summer, I regularly followed news about Koi from afar.
The crew there endeared me to their culinary hearts back in the days of their previous venture, and I knew them as folks who were always excited to put together incredibly creative and savory dishes and drinks.
Not much has changed now that they're all together at The Clever Koi -- the excellence remains!
As noted in many of the current reviews here, the ambiance inside the restaurant is lovely.
I was especially delighted by the huge open kitchen with a giant rotisserie spinning the day's meats.
The tabletops, handmade by a local woodworking duo, are gorgeous.
Each decorative element is well chosen and equally as well utilized within the space.
Of course, no amount of visual pomp can make up for the food of any restaurant.
Trust me, these guys deliver!
I was very pleased with the variety of dumplings and steamed buns that we ordered.
Luckily for me, I was with a few friends, so we were able to order one of each of all of them to sample among ourselves.
The flavors of each were exciting, diverse, and mingled well together.
Each dish was well plated and presented with a quality fitting of the final taste.
Also noteworthy were the cocktails we ordered from the bar.
Although it took a little while for the drinks to come out after they were ordered - and even then, they came out one by one instead of all together - I was pleased with them.
Service was friendly and professional.
It was so wonderful to finally enjoy a meal at The Clever Koi after following the careers of this team, especially in recent months when they have worked so hard to bring Phoenix a truly exciting culinary destination.
Kudos to you, Koi!

Delicious food!
Employee recommended pig face dumpling and massaman udon and it was a great meal to split for two!
Definitely coming back.

The food is mediocre.
I had chicken katsu--the chicken was cooked to death.
The music is way too loud.
The service is absolutely horrible.
The bar is incredibly slow; twenty minutes for two drinks.
The server was rude and she forgot to enter part of our order.
I will never go back.

I had high hopes for this new place since I love all Asian cuisine.
I went there with a group of my girl friends for happy hour and dinner.
We all ordered different things.
Buns, dumplings, chicken wings, kimchi fried rice, beet salad, chicken katsu and sadly everything was blaaaaaahnd!!!
No flavor at all.
I will give them a star for their bar and unique drinks.
Living in downtown, I love to stay downtown and eat local.
But sadly I will not be returning to eat at Clever Koi.
I would go back only for the bar.

Dinner for 4 on a Saturday night.
We got there a bit early and the place was starting to fill up.
The decor and the ambiance are tip-top.
The menu is very unique.
An eclectic mix of Asian dishes.
We started off with two sets of dumplings - Smoked Pig Face and Smoked Bok Choy.
Both very delicious.
The pig is definitely the moist, fatty dark meat.
I love it, but perhaps not for all.
The Bok Choy turned out to be very flavorful.
Lots of spice to it as well.
We had a mix of entrees.
Scallop special (only 4 scallops, but well done), Mission Chinese Kung Pao Pastrami (spicy and delectable), Kimchi Fried Rice (a bit salty, but well done), and the Roasted Pork Noodles (very tasty).
I think that the only thing lacking was the service.
It started off good, but went downhill fast.
That said, I will chalk it up to the place being brand new when we dined there.
N*joy

Went here on a whim with some friends for happy hour.
Best happy hour I've been to in a long time.
Started with the chicken wings done Asian style with kimchi and bamboo shoots to garnish.
Very delicious by itself but add the kimchi ranch and it's darn near perfect.
Next up pork ramen with bacon, mustard spiced greens and an egg (I opted to have the shiitake left out a very nice touch that they could do that).
The bowl arrives and at first scent I am intrigued to try more.
The ramen was cooked perfectly, the egg poached with the right amount of tenderness in the yolk, the pork was think cut but a little too fatty for my liking, the broth so invigorating but it had a spice that I could not place.
This dish is a culinary delight.
And at $5 for happy hour price, just perfect.
The restaurant itself is a very modern industrialish ambiance.
The decor had just the right amount of Asian influence without it slapping you in the face at every turn.
The wait staff was very friendly and eager to treat you as if you were the only patron in the place.
Complimentary valet is available.

Somebody blew up my phone last week with a group text about doing something.
Thanks, thanks a lot.
No really, thanks a lot, cause I probable wouldn't have ended up here otherwise.
:-) I hopped on the scooter, pushed my way around the corner and found scooter (bike) parking at the bar next door.
I did end up asking about a bike rack for their place and they said its on the way and should be up soon - they're only a month or so since opening day, so I guess you can't fault them for that ;-)  A handful of us stopped in for Happy Hour.
With mixed drinks at $7 during HH, I had the bartender pour me "Something with Hendricks, but not too sweet.
" It was Christmas time after all and what a better drink than something that tastes like a Christmas Tree?
I left the specifics up to them, I figured they'd know better what to mix together than I would.
I ended up with something with lemon and mint, and pretty tasty at that!
After everyone arrived, we all ordered the $5 pork Ramen from the HH menu as well as the Asian chicken wings, both items delish, and both items worth coming back for during HH.
I think the draft beers were $3 during HH and the total bill coming to like $60 after tax and tip, it was a reasonably priced dinner and drinks for four.
Their normal menu was a bit pricey for my taste, while I don't think I will aim here if it's not HH, you know I'll definitely be back for that Ramen, especially since I'm just a hop skip and a jump - or a scoot away.
Happy Yelping Phoenix, definitely come try their HH ramen - HH is 4-7pm (for the summer hours at least)!

Came here the other night with my little lady.
Clever Koi is definitely a pretty hip place.
We had actually just left a dinner party but were down for drinks.
I ended up ordering a couple apps.
The salt and pepper shrimp and the octopus in broth was sooooo good.
Pros: -great food  -awesome atmosphere  -open kitchen   Cons: -small seating area

My wife and I waited to come in until the opening kinks were worked out, well worth the wait.
This place is beautiful, has great food, friendly service, and was an overall great dining experience.
It looks like they have a pretty good happy hour, we went for lunch.
I enjoyed the pig face dumplings, octopus and duck buns (don't worry they were individual).
The kim chi and homemade sriracha on the dumplings were delicious.
If you get the ramen make sure to ask your server about the broth, be prepared as it is a "clever" take on ramen and one you may not be used to, but still very tasty.
Last but not least don't park in G&D's parking lot, they will tow and that could ruin a good dining experience.
Thank you Clever Koi, we will be back (and probably often).

Their wings are AMAZING!
Had their riesling wine too.
Great service.
Will be here again!

Meeting some friends here for NYE dinner!
We ordered Deep Fried Turkey Legs and it was pretty good as the meat was tender and juicy.
Our next appetizer was Peking Duck Bun, I would say this was my favorite dish with everything we ordered.
The bun was soft which it should be, the sauce that came with dipped with the bun and the meat brought out the flavor and was so tasteful.
The next three dishes we ordered were Kimchi Fried Rice, some Ramen Soup, and Chicken Katsu (spelling??
) they were all too blend.
I usually eat pretty blend but these have no flavor.
For Kimchi Fried Rice I didn't taste any Kimchi flavor.
The soup for the Ramen was just soy sauce and water no soup base.
Maybe I am an Asian and might have a little more high expectation on Asian food.

I saw photos from here on Instagram and FB, i was super excited to try their food.
So one Saturday i decided to travel uptown to try it out, looked so cute and amazing from the outside, the tacky "asian" decor didn't turn me off one bit, neither did the upscale price tag for the food, but (there is always a but) the weird insanely tangy sauces and broth for the "soups" did.. i am not sure what the chefs were thinking, but these are not flavors meant for these dishes, at all..   i like "fusion" food as much as the next guy but the lamb pastrami bun tasted as they just saw one in a magazine and tried to match it without reading the ingredients.
kimchi fried rice, it was more of typical Chinese fried with clear kimchi thrown on top of it, which is "technically" kimchi fried rice, but not what it is supposed to be.
There was a sour element to it that is not found in Korean cuisine, that could just be due to the fusion.
up next we have the "ramen" .. uhm, if all you have had is Top Ramen, you may find this blend delightful or just amazingly odd, as for me, i enjoy my Japanese food, so this tangy mess was definitely a let down as well.
another one of us ordered some katsu thing, but that is not even worth describing, unless you have a sweet tooth.
the duck steamed bun was the only savior of the bunch, my only gripe was the bao was much too dense, and i ended up leaving half it on my plate, when usually that is the best part.
If the pricing wasn't so pretentious, i would have thought about giving this two stars.

Clever in charging a lot of underwhelming flavors is what I got from my visit.
The crowd is downtown hippsters, who want to be seen.
The bar and the drinks were probably the best part of my dining experience.
Staff friendly and helpful.
I watched one of the owners on 3TV mentioned it's not an Asian fusion place..however, the decor is very Asian not the cooks!
Very confusing.
Regardless Clever Koi is Asian "inspired" however the dishes are not very flavorful, over priced and need salt and other spices.
The ramen was $13 for a little bowl.
The broth is the key.
It tasted like beef broth with a little bit of soy, very tasteless and I would not go again for it.
Kimchi Fried Rice...didn't taste like Kimchi.
The turkey leg..meh.
The buns were the only thing that was "good"  I would only go for the buns and the drinks.
Keep working on your flavors and regardless if it's something new and out of the box, it needs to be tasty and Clever Koi isn't there yet.

This place is amazing!!
I couldn't wait for it to open and it was worth the wait, I love it!!
I've tried almost everything on the menu during my many visits and have so many favorites that it's always hard to decide what to eat!
I love the look and feel of the place and the staff is friendly, knowledgeable and attentive.
The complimentary valet is great because let's be real, every Phoenix restaurant has parking issues and with valet, you don't have to deal with finding a spot.
The Clever Koi is doing it right and I will come back again and again with everyone I know, and you should too!

I have only been once to the Clever Koi but my husband and I can't wait to go back and share this place with friends and visitors to Phoenix!
The food was AMAZING!!
It was so refreshing to go some place like no other!
The atmosphere was very cool and the staff was wonderful.

I was very impressed.
This is high quality food at very reasonable prices.
The Peking duck bun is amazing, and only $3.
We entered the restaurant not knowing much about it, and left knowing that we'll definitely be coming back again.
I should mention that the staff is exceptionally welcoming too!

I was debating a 3 or 4 star for this place on my drive home.
I decided this place is certainly over the 3.5 star mark, so 4 star it is.
First, you will find that the Cleaver Koi is on the west side of Central/Lite Rail in a small copper/bronze colored building that has a small breezeway down the middle.
The sign out front is small.
You should turn on/down (don't U turn) Glenrosa St or if you U-turn, be sure to turn into their parking lot at the FIRST left turn (just north of the building) you get to.
If you try that second turn, you will be turning into the wrong parking lot and you will have to circle around on Central and come back again.
Don't ask me how I know this.
But I will say it could be helpful information for those who are not familiar with the area.
Cleaver Koi is a very "neat/cute" space.
I LOVE the ambiance, the look and feel of the restaurant.
It has an atmosphere that is right on par with Central Phoenix, hipster, chic, cool.
I stopped in there today, a Saturday, for lunch.
The cleaver Koi has been open about 2 months, so there wasn't a crowd, but the server mentioned that the day before on a Friday, they were completely packed pretty much the entire lunch and dinner service.
So as the masses are finding out about this place, it is filling up like good CenPho restaurants do.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-clever-koi-phoenix?select=mXNzgML9mn7GR0EFTj5Otg#6MLtRK4fGBKOt9g05P8XFg  My friend and I ordered a variety of things.
Here's my take on a few of memorable things.
My favorite item was the "Pig Face" dumplings!!!
Amazingly delicious and savory with an appropriate level of spice.
Tender dumplings that practically melt in your mouth.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-clever-koi-phoenix?select=mXNzgML9mn7GR0EFTj5Otg#TwNmKVIhbSWHQgm22KMfQw  We also tried the following notable things: Salt and Pepper Shrimp:  worth having again.
I was pleased with the size and amount of this dish.
I would have had that as an entre.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-clever-koi-phoenix?select=mXNzgML9mn7GR0EFTj5Otg#QJLxMqO42DMuun5bZzDsoA  Peking Duck Steamed Bun:  Oh man, the duck is very good!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-clever-koi-phoenix?select=mXNzgML9mn7GR0EFTj5Otg#uy69wuSn45EnO-Z0sUj88Q  I will definitely come back here for HH when I get the opportunity.
I originally planned to have the roasted pork ramen, but I ended up ordering the Massaman Noodles.
I was satisfied with it, but I ordered it thinking that the noodles would be in a more brothy/soup-like base.
but this dish is certainly a curry (gravy) texture (as the menu stated) and the dish could be eaten with chopsticks.
Oh, they have the cutest crafted cocktail menu... there's one drink "Hey Bartender"... you tell them the spirit and the flavor choice you like... the bartender creates a drink just for you.
It worked twice for us!
Awesome, loved it.

This was my first trip to the restaurant several of my friends raved about.
They were right to rave.
I loved the layout; it was open and inviting.
Every dish we had was a true reflection of the chef's excellent reputation.
I'm really looking forward to going back to explore more of the menu and the awesome drinks.
It's a great place to go with a group of friends or for a nice date night out.
The prices were reasonable and the food was fresh.
We will be back soon.

Fantastic Food, Adult Beverages, Service and excellent value!
I normally like to wait until i've been somewhere a couple times before posting a review.
I feel like there are a lot of Yelpers out there who will just go somewhere, pick up on one bad thing and then bash a place or will have one good experience and go rave about a place.
That being said, I really enjoy The Clever Koi and i've been a few times now.
I eat a lot of traditional Asian (mostly Japanese) cuisine and i liked everything i ordered (which was a lot).
The Chinese long beans with crispy duck tongue was bright in flavor with a subtle smoky finish.
We tried all of the steam buns and while i did enjoy them all i thought the lamb pastrami and pekin duck were the best.
The smoked pig face kimchi dumplings pretty my blew my mind.
I wasn't such a huge fan of the smoked octopus but i generally prefer octopus in raw or ceviche form.
Oh and not to forget, these guys know how to make some serious adult beverages.
I like old fashions, sazeracs, manhattans, etc.
but ended up having a couple of their "Enablers" as well as the "Donny Wang Fizz".
This place certainly adds something to the area that was missing and i wouldn't be surprised to see another location open up soon because this place.
This is my new go to when a friend asks for a recommendation.

Happy hour at The Clever Koi is on point.
The second I saw a $5 bowl of ramen on the HH menu, I knew I HAD to get down there soon.
For the price of a beer, at most places, you'll get a big ol' bowl of delicious and filling noodles with plenty of umami.
Their ramen is filled with scrumptious mushrooms, pork, greens, and topped with a poached egg.
When you're ready, pop that egg open, mix the yolk in a bit, and mow the eff down.
Pair that with an order of their wings, served with kimchi ranch dressing, and inexpensive brews, and you have a party in your mouth!
Go tonight!
Once I'm down for their full dinner, I'll update!

The Clever Koi, has a great atmosphere to go along with their great food and beverages!
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Some of our favorites are the Turkey Wing, dumplings, and fried rice!!!
YUMMY!!!
:-)

I really, really wanted to give the Clever Koi at least 4 stars because the good qualities were REALLY good.
Unfortunately the negative things have to be shared and for that I left it at a 3 star.
I will be back, hopefully within the month to hopefully see improvement.
I think the biggest thing is that this is a brand new restaurant so this is their chance to WOW their customers and I was missing a little of the WOW factor.
The food, hands down is fantastic...definately a 5 star.
We tried all of the steamed buns, a rice dish and a noodle dish and all were amazing and left us wanting to try more.
They are known for their dumplings so I wanted to try the dumplings.
I wanted to order one of each and try all 4.
"we don't do that" was the response I received.
You have to order 4 of one kind.
Maybe it's just me but if a customer came in to try a specific thing, I would probably take a minute to ask my boss if we can give them what they want.
You think?
This was the beginning of the bad customer service we received.
Never asked about another round of drinks and we had to find someone to get our bill for us.
I will go back and I hope that round 2 earns the extra star!

What an awesome place to on the weekend or during the week for dinner.
You can't go wrong with their Happy hour menu.
The ramen here is delicious and it is only $5 on the Happy hour menu.
Also the chicken wings are amazing too.
It is right by my house so it is nice to either walk or scooter here.
While if you are looking for an awesome place to go for HH in downtown you should check out this place.

Asian food is not usually my first choice.. ever.
But Clever Koi really surprised me!
I enjoyed the restaurant itself, from the ambiance to the service, everything was impeccable.
We came to try the drinks that we hear such rave reviews about so we weren't initially planning to order any food.
The bar was full so we were seated at a table and asked our waitress for an appetizer suggestion.
She lead us to choose the Chinese long beans, which I never would have picked on my own, and they were fabulous!
Did I mention they come with duck tongue?
It sounded weird to me at first but it was seriously delicious.
We also decided to try the steamed buns; the lamb pastrami and onion ring were so flavorful.
Oh, and the onion ring bun came with a sriracha sauce that made my night because I love spicy anything.
The drinks we ordered were the best drinks I think I've ever had.
I tried the enabler and my friend ordered the reviver.
Needless to say both of our drinks were so good we each had to have two.
We could see the bartender actually making the drinks and taking his time crafting them, which I thought was a unique added touch.
My only complaint is that I live in Tucson and wish it was closer so I could branch out more often.
Here's hoping they open a location in Tucson!

The steamed dumplings are amazing!
Totally in love with the duck one.
Even my friend who had never had duck and was kinda apprehensive to try it, loved it!
I enjoyed my noodles and drink as well.
The wait staff was fantastic, always full drinks, great recommendations, knew the menu and how to explain it.
Only bad thing was, the sign out front is really hard to see, we drove past twice, then we tried to park at the garage next door, so we had to go through the neighborhood, where there actually is a huge sign that you can't miss.
I'm excited to come back again and try other things!

Never ever again Clever Koi.
Never.
Ambiance was very hipster with loud music.
That's fine.
Service?
Meh.
The hubs and I took my parents here for dinner to celebrate my mothers health.
We waited about 25 minutes for our table - even though there were other tables sitting empty.
My mom and I ordered the seafood hot pot.
Okay when you think hot pot, you think of those pots where you throw in a bunch of veggies, seafood, meat, what have you - never did I think that it meant it was SPICY HOT.
We had started off with our unimpressive appeitzer of the catfish/scallop/shrimp dumplings with "nuoc cham" which is basically fish sauce.
The four dumplings were about the size of a quarter and sat inside a HUGE bowl filled with fish sauce.
For $8, I'd say that's a hefty rip off.
We all literally leaned in towards the table to look inside the giant bowl at our dumplings.
Next up we ordered the wood grilled octopus/sea weed/xo aioli sauce - BLAH.
All bun, no octopus.
We also tried the peking duck/house bacon/mizuna/charred plum jam - that was just meh.
Ugh so disappointing, at yet another $4/bun.
My mom's SPICY seafood udon bowl came out - it was too spicy so she gave it to my dad.
And he ate it.
Said it was decent.
We sat there and watched him eat.....eat.....eat....eat....and then he was done.....and we sat there and looked at his empty bowl as our bowls had still yet to come out.
I don't get it, we ordered 2 of the same bowls - at least the 2nd one should have come out?
The hostess came to clear my dads bowl - I told her we still hadn't gotten ours yet, she kinda apologized and walked off.
About 15 minutes later, the 2nd udon bowl came out and one of the pork ramen bowls came out.
So I told my mom and hubs to eat.
As I sat there and watched them eat.....and eat.....and eat.
Towards their last few bites, my pork ramen bowl came out - the server, or maybe it was the manager came out to deliver it to me and apologized for the delay of the entire meal and said this bowl was on the house.
That was a nice gesture - but considering the circumstances, all our bowls should have been comp'd.
My mom and I couldn't finish our pork bowls - it was so extremely salty - the "broth" was so dark it tasted and looked like it was sitting in a bowl of soy sauce.
After my 1 comp'd ramen bowl, our bill still came out to over $80.
I'm all for fusion food - but this was just ridiculous.

Pre-made food, poor quality, worse service If you think these steamed dumplings are amazing - then you have never had great dumplings.
They were too thin, they were overcooked, and they were clearly pre-made.
In fact, we were told as much.
The noodles were soggy and not quite as good as those you get from Kraft.
The Steamed Buns- their fusion item - was thick, doughy and taco like- but without the flavor.
The duck was overcooked in the buns, the noodles, and the dumplings.
The service was as slow as one could imagine.
Sorry- but when you have had great Chinese food in China, this place ranks below any chain American Chinese restaurant (PF Chang's has better dumplings).
Hard to imagine that people would really like this place, when there are other places that have freshly made food.
Atmosphere is nice- I imagine the next owner will improve on the service and the food

Wanted to like Clever Koi more than I did, and maybe I'm a bit too picky regarding Asian fusion and certain flavors, but my dish was only... alright, and my tablemate's dish was insanely, INSANELY salty, nearly to the point of inedibility.
(I believe she had the tofu kimchi fried rice, but I don't remember exactly.
)  We had a couple other misses that night: dishes that had potential but whose specific execution made them a bit too strong in one direction and not well-rounded or enjoyable as full meals, and the place was slammed so service was a bit slow.
I had the Chicken Katsu, which was alright, but the nori was a bit off-putting next to fried chicken for me.
Typically a meal I'm not crazy about would net a 3 star, but three out of four of us were unimpressed overall, and my friends are nowhere near as picky as I am.
They just didn't love the specific executions they were served.

Small drinks, big prices.
Okay food, not great.
$55 for two drinks and a few snacks.
Meh.
Decent atmosphere.
Saw quite a few women struggle with opening their front door, but that may have been purposefully done so men could be a bit chivalrous and actually open the door like they are supposed to.
Not clever enough for me to return for more.

The service was less than stellar.
Not to mention it's difficult to figure out who is a server because they are all dressed like runners.
A little on the expensive side but the food and drink is pretty good.

I cannot think of a single thing I did not appreciate about this experience.
Rinks: did the Hey Bartender said gin, cucumber and mint and they brought out an amazing drink.
Must do: salt and pepper shrimp, smoked pig face and the creamy broccoli I broth.
I will be coming back.
Ask for Daisy she is a fabulous guide!

I would not recommend Clever Koi.
Food was not bad but was not worth it, especially since there are so many great restaurants in this area.
We had a table of eight and everyone ordered something different.
Not even one meal was above average.
The decor and ambiance was nice sitting outside on the patio.
Service during the meal wasn't horrible but we went through all the water and was never asked if we wanted a refill.
Our server did answer questions and gave recommendations.
But the worst part of the night was that our server told US to figure out the separate  bills.
One of us just ended up paying.
Overall, I will not return.
There are so many better restaurants in this area.

I've been dying to try this place out.
From the second we walked in the door we were greeted and seated within 15 min for a saturday night.
A very nice guy was working the room.
The staff was very knowledgeable and had some great recommendations.
So here you go!
The pig face dumplings were delicious, pork ramen and the cocktails are on point.
Amazing food and even better service.
I'll be back.

I love it!
This menu was definitely pushing me out of my comfort zone, but it was really, really awesome.
The flavors were complex, and the staff's menu knowledge was spot on.
I got there just after 9:00 on Saturday and managed to miss the wait.
By 10:00 the vibe turned into a sexy hip crowd.
I just wanted to stay there all night.
I also like the fact that you can see the food being prepared.
I was playing it safe and had the salt & pepper shrimp appetizer.
It was absolutely delicious.
Lots of flavor, cooked perfectly and sort of ....well, stunning.
I then felt braver and had some thing called  Lop Chong on a steamed buns (both of which were completely foreign to me) and it was mind-blowing.
Because it was late I passed on the noodles but oh....next time.

Great all around experience.
The place is quaint, the music cool, great lighting.
You definitely need to order the dumplings, best I ever had.
The sticky buns are also great.
Entrees are sizeable.
Also, save room for the Nutella dessert....wow!

I never leave reviews but after going to Clever Koi this weekend I just had too.
I will start by saying that the drinks and ambiance  were very good.
The vibe there is really cool.
The FOOD on the other hand.... Was terrible.
I wanted to like this place so badly.
Growing up in Hawaii I have spent most of my life eating Japanese food.
I have had Japanese food all over the country and in japan.
Out of the 7 dishes we ordered only one person liked their meal.
My ramen was so bad I couldn't finish it....and considering that the portion was very small that says a lot.
I left hungry.
I told the waitress that I did not enjoy the meal and that most of us at the table were very disappointed...she said "oh I'm sorry.
That's too bad.
" And that was it.
I've been working in service for over 15 years.
I was very surprised at that response and that no one came over to ask about our experience or even to offer a drink or dessert.
I didn't want or expect a comp of my meal but considering the reviews and that this place is newer I would think they would have tried to turn around a table of 7s opinion.
If you want good drinks and ambiance...go.
If you want great Japanese food I wouldn't recommend it.

Ok, ok, ok....I know most people at least somewhat like this place, but I could not find many redeeming qualities after my visit (and I love Parlor!).
The husband and I went a couple weeks ago for happy hour after wanting to go for a long time.
There were only a few people there when we arrived, so we were seated right away.
I ordered a drink that had coconut milk amongst several other ingredients that was recommended by our server and is no longer on their menu as I checked today..... it took awhile to come out and when it did, I was informed that it used the last of their ingredients for the drink (so no chance of getting another one).
The drink was supposed to be tiki ish, but it was more bitter...not awesome.
The husband got the enabler (which I actually liked alright), he thought it was too sweet and it had a large amount of ice in it.... not a large amount of alcohol.
Neither were particularly cheap even for happy hour.
I ordered the 5$ ramen and let me tell you, I would be angry if I had paid full price for it.
The portion was small, the kale in it was very pungent, the 'bacon' was so fatty and not rendered at all...inedible, the mushrooms were flavorless, the pork was ok, the broth was nothing but salty and boring...I needed their 'homemade' sriracha to make it edible....it just was not good and I am a big ramen fan.
The husband got chicken wings and those must have been the thinnest chickens ever because there was barely any meat on them at all...additionally, they were flavorless, not spicy, just greasy and bland.
Maybe it was a bad day, but it was seriously bad.
I left not wanting to ever come back...sorry clever koi.

Where do I begin?
This place is perfect.
The overall design and aesthetic is relaxing, low key, and cute.
The food was fantastic and bursting with flavor.
Since it was my first time there, I wanted an introspective take on the menu, and that's when Nick (one of the 4 owners) came over and walked me through the menu as well as his favorite items.
We started with the chicken fried chicken wings.
They were exceptional.
The black sesame syrup they drizzled on top was delicious and unlike anything I've tasted.
Next, we ordered the smoked "pig face" dumplings.
These were by far my favorite of the night.
Served with kimchi and pickled peppers and their own in house made sriracha.
So delicious, I was sad there was only 4!
Next, we had one of their steamed buns with the pulled pork.
Very delicious, although, I wasn't a fan of the bun itself.
Only because this entree comes with two sauces for dipping and the bun would get too spongey.
And finally, we ordered our main dish.
I got the chicken katsu with a soft poached egg.
SO GOOD.
The sauce was a perfect blend of spicy and sweet.
Also, to drink, you have to try the Donny Wang Fiz.
Super refreshing and perfect with your meal.
Our server Sydney was very attentive and super nice.
The customer service there is outstanding.
And the location is perfect, right next door to one of my favorite watering holes, the George and Dragon.
I will definitely be back, and next time to get in on their happy hour!

I met a friend here for happy hour on a Friday right after work.
It is new, right next door to George and Dragon.
The patio faces central but has some really nice long wooden benches with cushions and small tables.
Inside has a great long bar area with table seating as well.
Plus this open fireplace that they use for cooking the meats.
We were watching as they cook this meat and let the juices drip onto whatever they were cooking underneath it.
Mouth watering!
I had the ramen noodle soup and a beer.
The soup was amazing.
They drop a egg in there with some pork and other goodies.
On happy hour it's only like $5, come on that's awesome.
I'm definitely going to come back for more.

Meet up with some friends for HH at Clever Koi, and I have been meaning to try this place out for a while so I was happy to get the chance.
I love the feel of the place, even the outside patio area, which is where I want to dine one night, it just looks cool to me.
On the HH menu they have ramen for 5 bucks, never have had ramen before and not really being a person who eats soups (more of a curry, stew kind of girl) I thought eh for 5 bucks, why not try it.
Well am I am glad I did!
The broth was good, and inside the ramen was roasted pork, house bacon, pickled mustard greens, shiitake mushrooms, bean sprouts and a soft egg, it looked soo good, picked up the chop sticks and went right at it!
I popped the egg and let it get all happy in the broth, and picked up a piece of that bacon, omg the bacon is soo good.
The broth to me needed something but Clever Koi makes their own sriracha sauce and added that to the broth and BAM!
That did the trick!
For my 1st ramen experience, this was a great bowl of it!
Now its left me craving more and can't wait to get back to it!

Three friends and I enjoyed a fantastic evening out earlier this week at The Clever Koi.
We started at the bar where I abandoned my usual libations and ordered The Enabler, which is described as hickory-infused 12 year old whisky, grilled lemon juice, lapsang maple syrup and burlesque bitters.
It was so good that I had another.
For dinner, the four of us decided to just order a ton of stuff and share family style.
Armed with our chopsticks, we were reminiscent of a family dinner in which the fastest eaters get to, well, eat.
You snooze, you lose!
Luckily we ordered in phases, so we continually had food coming.
We thought at first we were insane for ordering so much, but we managed to pretty much polish our plates.
Here's what we had:  5 stars -- The beet salad with mizuna, shaved cucumber, pickled ginger, tempura bean curd and lemongrass vinaigrette.
5 stars -- The salt and pepper shrimp with scallops and XO sauce.
5 stars -- The long beans with crispy duck tongue and XO aioli.
Steamed Bun: Schreiner's lop chong with daikon slaw and spicy Japanese mustard (can't star it because I didn't get a bite!!
)  5 stars -- Smoked "pig face" dumplings with kimchi and pickled peppers.
5 stars -- Kimchi duck fried rice  5 stars -- Massaman udon noodles with red curry, roasted duck, fingerling potatoes, pickled peppers, peanuts and crispy cilantro.
(MY FAVORITE OF THE NIGHT!!
)  5 stars -- Ramen with roasted pork, house bacon, pickled mustard greens, shiitake mushrooms, bean sprouts and soft-boiled egg.
The ONLY thing we had that we didn't love was the "Mission Chinese" Kung Pao Pastrami.
It just didn't do it for us, and everything else was SO out of this world, that it paled in comparison.
Go, go, go to The Clever Koi!

My adventurous palate was just happy happy happy at this place.
Love the ambiance, cocktails, staff, location.... Can't wait to go again....

The food was outstanding.
I can't wait to go back!

Went here for the 1st time last week, and I have nothing but positive things to say.
Had the asian style meatballs, Chicken Kastu, and Pork Ramen.
All full of flavor, and cooked to perfection.
The soft egg on the katsu and ramen were a great touch.
Can't wait to go back.

Great beard selection.

3 drinks + eight dishes + 2 desserts gave four of us a good feel for the Clever Koi style.
This multi-Asian concept food needs more definition.
The drinks were topped only by the beet salad which was the best of the bunch.
The ramen is a good value on the HH menu.
Most all meats seemed a bit mushy and ALL of the dishes (except the hot pot and octopus) had a cloying undertone of sweet.
Kung Pao Brisket with no pow, hot pot seafood where the hot was all of the chili variety.
Octopus that was tender but served over "crispy" rice that just seems like the bottom of the rice pot floating in sauce.
Duck bun with interesting, yummy meats but not "Peking" and couldn't taste "charred plum jam.
"  The restaurant is in a nice reused building.
Parking is behind the building, enter on 1st Ave. for comp valet.
Consider sitting outside if the weather warrants it so that your clothes and hair won't reek of cooking smells.
(Wow, maybe this is the authentic Asian part of the restaurant!?
)  If I lived in the area, this might be a nice little place to toddle over to for a bite.
It's not enough to get me to the downtown area for supper out.

Excellent food, very reasonable prices, super great staff from door to table and a fun comfortable atmosphere.
I love this place and happily recommend it to anyone I meet.
A great place to dine alone at the wok bar ( lots of fun to watch them prepare the food) or with friends at a table.
It's even fast at lunch...
Check it out I do believe you will find many delicious choices .
One of my favorites is a Kung Pao Brisket.
Second favorite is perhaps the Massamon Udon Curry although I have not tried anything I have not liked.
The menu offers quite a wide variety  of well thought out dishes and tastes.
Clever koi gets my favorite new restaurant vote for sure.

Definitely one of my favorite restaurants and I highly recommend it!

This is by far one of my favs.
For the uniqueness and decadence they bring to each dish.
We had a great experience and will definitely be back again!
If you are a first timer try the Lamb Pastrami it's amazing!

I really liked the idea of this.
First pass is 3 stars, but need to go back.

Go now!
This 5 star review is equally deserving on two fronts: 1) The Restaurant; and 2) The Management.
The place is great, but read on to The Management piece as to why the guys running this place are out and out champs.
The Restaurant My wife has been trying to get me here for a couple of weeks now and we finally headed there Friday after work.
First impression was the place is really well appointed, but not trying too hard - inviting, hip, but not pretentious.
The cocktail menu was a nice surprise.
Good wines, beers and sake, but the surprise was the really interesting cocktails.
I ordered a bourbon drink with thai chili infused honey.
Distinctively bourbon on the front, slight heat on back.
Really darn good.
The food, though, was clearly the best part.
My wife and I shared several dishes, with the clear winner the pork dumplings on a bed of spicy kimchi and peppers.
This thing was probably the best dumpling/pot sticker I ever had.
The dumpling was soft with crispy edges and the meat was tender and not too greasy.
My wife couldn't stop raving about the great texture.
We got an octopus soup and ramen, both outstanding.
Lastly, we ordered a duck bun dish, which I've had similar types at other places and all were way too greasy, but this was not at all, just great.
The Management The owners really care about their customers and are doing whatever they can to make the dining experience the best possible.
They have the unfortunate circumstance to be located next to the George and Dragon, a Phoenix staple and outright dump, but the problem here is that the management of the pub is so perturbed that another place opened near them, they have taken on the hobby of watching people park in their nearly invisibly posted parking spots (dirt covered paint on pavement) and calling a tow truck, purely out of spite.
Little does the G&D management know that being a jerk to The Clever Koi impacts their customers also.
Case in point, I parked in what turned out to be one of the pub's spots.
Instead of them telling me to simply move my car, they called a tow truck.
As my car was being mounted, unbeknownst to me, the owners of The Clever Koi paid off the tow truck driver to protect their customer, in this case, me.
Apparently, this happens nearly all the time, with the pub owners having cars towed, purely to be jerks.
Little do these guys know that my wife and I were talking about going to have a beer there after dinner.
I will NEVER go this this pub again.
I went and talked with the manager of the G&D and told him how childish and stupid his tactics were.
He thinks he's hurting his restaurant neighbors, but being a jerk to the customers also hurts them.
You can read my well-deserving 0 star review of them, but the point here is that The Clever Koi is a great place.
It's well appointed, not pretentious and the food is interesting and delicious.
This place is solid.
Go now - just make sure you take advantage of the complimentary valet.

Beautiful, hip and vibrant.
Excellent service.
Fusion is delicious and nice mixes give you some exciting options.
Very reasonable prices allow you to try a variety of things.
Tried buns, rice, ramen, Bahn mi and all fabulous.
Everyone liked everything we ordered.
Must try.

Great new establishment in downtown Phoenix area.
Asian cuisine with a modern twist,  Trendy decor inside and nice patio as well.
We grab two seats up at the kitchen bar eating area and were able to watch them cooking etc.
The beat salad was ahhh-mazz-inngg !
I wanted to order a second one but I contained myself.
I also had some shrimp with my salad and I thoroughly enjoyed both of them.
We ordered a bottle of sake as well and finished the whole damn thing before we even finished eating :)  Service was on point, food was exactly what i expected when i ordered it.
Decent affordable prices as well.
Try it out!

One of my new favs!

Yum!!!
Neat interior, great service, excellent food.
The place is cool inside, very contemporary with grays and browns.
Feels more spacious than it is.
Our waiter was upbeat and helpful with menu suggestions for those of us who hadn't been there.
I asked another person who worked there if I was parked in the right place and he told me I wasn't but asked for my keys and offered to move it himself!
I am pregnant, but still, that was above and beyond!
And finally the food...wow.
I am always a little skeptical of Asian places that mix different Asian cuisines, but I was wrong to be skeptical.
Everything we had was amazing!
Luckily we had a group of 5 women so we were able to try many things.
We each ordered a steamed bun.
I got one with tempura eggplant, tofu, basil, and aioli.
The flavors together were amazing!
We also tried a couple of dumplings, fried rice, and a noodle dish with broccoli, mushrooms, and a spicy cream sauce.
Everything was so good, but that noodle dish was my favorite!
I plan to bring my husband back here because, like me, he loves Asian food!

I definitely understand why the reviews are all over the place for Clever Koi.
I went for dinner one night.
The restaurant is very pretty and decorated well, and I like that the patio faces Central Avenue.
You can valet in the back; the parking lot is right next to the one for George and Dragon.
My husband had the chicken katsu rice and I had the massaman udon.
I didn't really care for the seasong on the katsu, and I thought the kimchi was just OK.
The massaman udon was good, though I think there could have been more duck.
Our food came out REALLY fast.
I've read other reviews that suggest the food is premade and I did get that feeling - not that it was seasoned and frozen and then thawed out for me, but that it was made earlier in the day and kept warm until ready to be served.
I might be completely off mark, but overall it was just good, not great.
I wouldn't mind going back for happy hour, especially if I can sit on the patio, and I'd like to try a few more menu items.
Good, nice, A-OK.

I love the clever koi!!!
The food is original and ever evolving..
Always full of creativity and an array of flavor.
The spirits are spot on, definitely have a personal flare.
As a fellow biz owner I appreciate their friendly and confident customer service.
As for the ambiance...a little zen married with a classic theme..
I also appreciate one of a kind decor and it is apparent that  some personal touch went into the decor...

This place is my new favorite.
Owners work along side all servers and kitchen crew.
The bartenders offer amazing suggestions.
Love this place.

Had a great time at this Asian fusion restaurant in cenpho with friends last night!
The patio was perfect for a March evening, and wasn't loud like I thought it would be for being on a busy street.
We all started with cocktails and I ordered the sloe burn (I love bourbon/whiskey) - it was really good.
Very complex flavors and a little spice at the end.
I'd recommend it if you're a fan of anything in the whiskey category.
We each ordered a steamed bun and I had the Peking duck - the bun is a little more taco-esque than your typical steam bun, but the meat was tender and the sauce that came with it is awesome.
My husband had the catfish and it was my favorite.
The pineapple tartar sauce on it is awesome.
We all ended up getting noodles for our main dishes.
I got the pork ramen.
I am a novice ramen connoisseur but do enjoy a good bowl of ramen - it was very good.
The kicker is that it's topped with the sexiest slow poached egg I've ever seen in my life, just oozy and silky perfect with the broth and the pork.
The kale in the ramen didn't really work for me, it had an acidic taste to it that I wasn't in to, but the noodles were cooked well and the pork/bacon was delicious.
The broth was nice, not super heavy.
I tried the curry that my husband got and it was awesome - great spicy flavor with coconut and peppers.
Those udon noodles were on point.
All in all, we had a good time.
I would go back for happy hour, they have good drink specials and appetizers!

Went here for lunch today.
Green Tea Noodle salad.
I don't typically like cold noodles, but this was quite good.
My husband started with the beet salad which was also quite good.
For my main meal I ordered the chow mein with shrimp.
Much to my delight it came with pieces of catfish and scallops.
Yum!
My husband got the pork something.
I don't eat meat so I wasn't interested, but he liked it.
Restaurant is nicely decorated.
The only thing that I didn't like was the smoke.
The restaurant is an open floor plan so the kitchen is right there.
Unfortunately, the smoke from the kitchen easily wafts throughout the entire restaurant.
I just smelled my shirt and I still smell like food.
Also, you can't get anything from the dinner menu at lunch so we will return for dinner to try that delicious looking shrimp & scallop appetizer.

I went a few months back and am really wanting to get back there.
The dishes are unique and new and everything was delicious.
I ordered a special.
It was a seafood broth that was loaded with charred octopus, potatoes, mussels and veggies.
It was amazing.
The katsu is great!
Such a simple and overdone Asian dish that becomes new again with the freshest ingredients and house made sauces.
Great beer selection too.
I didn't get to try a cocktail but I will next time.
Also, the banh mi and ramen are next on my list.
I can't wait.
Pricing was on point, portions are definitely reasonable and atmosphere is an A+

You would think that the food here would be really good considering how stuck up the staff acts as you walk in the door.
The menu on paper looks very creative and unique for a boring Phoenix culinary scene, but the food fails to deliver.
I have given this place four chances before i wrote an honest review, and here it is.
( I will bump them up a star or two if they take into consideration what I have to say, as a fellow industry person, and fix the problems)      Our most recent and probably final experience summed up:  -Owner/door man scolded us for setting our bikes against side of building.
- Bartender was too busy making 4 minute long cocktails to serve us  - food is sooo salty, ramen dish was inedible first time.
- Beef and vegetable gyoza were burnt and flavorless, and you get four for 8 bucks - malt vinegar/chili wings tasted like they were pre-cooked and had no flavor, and it also said on the menu that it came with a dozen, but there were only six - duck steamed bun was the worst thing I have ever eaten.
- pretty much the staff is very stuck up/ unfriendly and the food is bland and does not deliver.
This place got 3 stars for a decent happy hour, originality and good location.

Went here on a Friday night...the place was packed.
We had a wait of about 30 mins so grabbed some cocktails from the bar, standing room only.
Since I was really thirsty and slammed my delicious IPA too quickly, I had to avail myself of the facilities.
Tables are super close together, not much aisle space.
On my way down the aisle to the loo, I felt like Super Mario...I had to dodge the servers, move out of the way or else be trampled over.
They weren't budging, so I had to.
Who is the customer here?!
Ok, no biggie, whatev.
When I was done, the table was ready.
Again, very close together.
I know waaaaaaay too much about the two tables next to us now.
Anyway, we sat down.
And waited.
And waited, even though there was a woman waiting on the tables on either side of us.
We looked at each other like, "WTF, are we in the Twilight Zone and no one can see us?
"  Finally got her attention after actually contemplating whether we should just get up and leave.
She seemed almost bothered but brought us menus.
Another wait.
She eventually came to get our orders.
We had questions, she answered them.
The food came and it was DELICIOUS!!
It almost made up for the bad service, BUT, even though that food was really, really good, there were ingredients not listed, everything just wasn't the same as the menu.
It would have been the last straw if it didn't taste so good.
C'mon, treat a customer with a little respect, acknowledge their presence with a little less disdain and put all ingredients of the dish on the menu (some people have food allergies).
The delicious food saved it from one star.

A great place for happy hour.
The cocktails are sophisticated and well balanced (not too sweet).
I love the design of the restaurant and decor.
The food tastes like it was prepared with care.

(Lyrics - Rihanna - We Found Love)  The Clever Koi's in my sight And we're attending for a bite As the Udon noodles passes by  How it makes my senses come alive.....!
It's the way it's tasting I just can't deny....!
Bo Bites gotta have a go  We found buns in The Clever Koi We found buns in The Clever Koi We found buns in The Clever Koi We found buns in The Clever Koi  This place definitely drew my interest!
Very Clever indeed!
I attended with my foodie group so a lot of sharing.
We ordered a bunch of stuff, but I only remember what we ordered on my side of the table were the Peking duck and octopus bun, the katsui rice, gluten free and regular massamen udon noodles.
To start my Peking duck was very good except I didn't care much for the charred plum jam.
It just overpowered everything in the bun.
The octopus bun was okay too, I rather eat it nigiri style.
The chicken katsui rice was very good again, but again I thought the teriyaki sauce was just doused over too much.
I like to taste the other ingredients sorry.
My favorite which was not my main dish was the massamen udon noodles.
The red curry broth really made this dish pop while the crunch of the nuts gave it texture.
The roast duck and potatoes just melted on your palates while the cilantro gave it a welcoming aroma!
- Enjoy!
The place itself had an Asian flare with a modern gastropub feel.
Nice to hangout for a quick bite or to check out their specialty drinks, which they have plenty!
Service can be spotty, but every waiter/waitress has their day!
- Enjoy!

This is really a 4.5 star place....particularly for the ambiance and Clever design.
The food is pretty tasty but not over-the-top fab.
Daisy is a great waitress with a friendly smile and she's attentive without being irritating.
I've heard that old business next door will tow your car so be careful to park appropriately!

Once i heard the story (maybe it isnt true) about this place and that they were fans of mission chinese is san fran and nyc i had to give it a try.
Coming from nyc i was craving some great metropolitan asian food.
The ambiance was nice.
The building itself looks pretty cool.
Service was good.
The bartender and cocktails were awesome.
Id say some of the best cocktails ive ever had.
Food.
Also good.
Solid.
I had the pork ramen - something ive been craving - and it didnt disappoint.
Only thing i think could have bee better was the meat cut to be a little less 'tough' i guess.
Also had the pork face dumplinga - excellent.
And the grilled octopus - also tasty.
Overall id definitely recommend to others and go back.

We loved our waitress...
But the Staff was just horrid...Rude ,none greeting .. 2 people ordered a double order of chicken wings ,so that means 12 each...
The girl that delivered the wings , Said heres the wings And started to put the wings down in front of every person..
I said NO these are double orders I get one and he gets one.. Then I said why didn't they just put them on 2 plates instead of 4.. She just looked at me and put the plates down and turned around and walked off.
I said hello ... Hello 3 times and she pretended not to hear me..I asked the waitress why she treated me like that ,,she said the skinny one???
she said no one likes her.
Of course the waitress should have made sure that the order was placed as a double.. Not sure if ill go back

Wow!
I had dinner here earlier this week and was really, well....wowed!
We sat at the bar in front of the cooking action so we had a chance to get a little insight on the menu, ingredients, recommendations, etc.
We started out with the Peking duck bun.
Think Chinese taco.
It was seriously tasty, stuffed with succulent duck with a little bit of crisp on the edges and a tasty, bright dipping sauce.
Next we ordered the pig face  dumplings (cheek).
They were served on a little kimchi with their house made sriracha (they should bottle and sell the stuff).
The dumplings were tender and delicous.
The stand-out dish of the night for me was the wood grilled octopus.
I will return specifically for this dish.
As the name indicates, the pieces of octopus are wood grilled and have a slight char on them and are pile atop the crispy rice cake and surrounded by a beautiful, rich, bright and absolutely delicious broth.
This was hands down the best preparation of octopus I've ever had and it made me wonder why I'd never thought of grilling it.
It was super tender and the combo of flavors and textures - smokey, crispy, creamy, citrus, spice....superb.
Entrees did not disappoint.
We had the Kung Pao brisket with brown rice and the roasted pork ramen.
I can't say a bad thing about either dish.
From the super tender brisket in the Kung Pao and the perfectly cooked egg in the ramen, it was pure yumminess!
They somehow talked us into dessert and recommended the banana fritters served with a lush caramel sauce and their coconut rice pudding soft serve ice cream.
We practically licked the bowls clean.
Yeahhhhh...........we'll be back.
:-)

Came at the last minute of happy hour, good timing!
We ordered the smoked pig face dumpling, kimchi tarter tots, Peking duck bum, spicy pork ramen, roasted pork ramen, kimchi duck fried rice.
I like the dumpling very much!
It's juicy, tender and special.
Also the fried rice and spicy pork ramen, very delicious!

Fantastic place.
Loved the entire meal we had to include excellent pairing with cocktails and wine..

Despite what its name implies, at least what I thought I'd be getting, The Clever Koi in downtown Phoenix does not serve sushi.
It does, however, serve really tasty Asian noodle and rice dishes, and I was pleasantly surprised to love my meal even though I usually am only a Thai and sushi fan when it comes to Asian eats.
The hip spot has a patio overlooking Central Avenue, with the "dings" of the light rail creating the soundtrack to your dining experience if you choose to sit outside - which I love doing.
Inside, an open kitchen and bar complements a bustling atmosphere with tables in cozy confines that make neighboring diners your friends.
My pal and I took advantage of the $30 special, which came with a jug of spiked punch, a fruity concoction made with Japanese rice wine, pineapple juice and other fruit flavors.
I could tell by my buzz it was strong, but you wouldn't be able to tell by the sweet flavor of the drink, which was refreshing and delicious.
It was the perfect way to cool off the palate during my meal of vegetable chow mein, which was very filling with a ton of noodles and veggies.
I loved the house-made sriracha sauce and also added soy sauce.
I cleaned up my bowl, no problem.
My only disappointment was I wasn't able to take advantage of the gluten-free noodles in my dish - our server said with the veggie chow mein, that wasn't an option.
My pal got tofu fried rice, which he also enjoyed and ended up taking half of it home - his portion was also very generous, so I guess I was just hungrier.
Our server said the tofu is marinated, which makes it extra flavorful, and my pal agreed.
The staff was really friendly, but it was a bummer it took about 10 minutes to get hot sauce and soy sauce after our food was delivered.
Other than that, the happening spot had an energizing atmosphere and made me like Asian food more than I ever thought I would.

I would like to think that my friends have a great taste in their food and restaurant choices.
But, maybe I am just not a fan.
The story goes like this: I dropped in for lunch and I wasn't convinced.
Then, I dropped in for dinner and I still left unconvinced.
--For lunch I went with the (Banh Mi) LemonGrass Chicken.
A couple weeks later I had the dinner option and we went for the Peking Duck steamed buns, Smoked Bok Choy dumplings and Thai Kale salad.
-- The Thai Kale salad was quite delectable.
All things said and done, the drinks were very tasty and the ambiance of the Clever Koi is amazing.
But it's going to take more convincing than that to keep me coming back for more.

I have been searching far and wide for decent Ramen in the valley and I think I may have finally found it..and on the happy hour menu no less :)  It came with pork belly and kimchee!
I just wish it was piping hot but it may have cooled down as we were noshing on the wedge salad and short ribs.
The cocktails were equally refreshing and they have a great patio area.
Great service, I will definitely be back to this downtown gem :)

If you don't like this place then you are insane or you have simply been in Phoenix too long.
I am so glad that this place is in our area and it is exactly what Phoenix needs to take our restaurant scene in a different direction.
The menu is very eclectic and you can explore some great flavorful options.
Salt and pepper shrimp and pig face dumplings are amazing.
Then try any of the bowls.
The beef is my favorite.
The staff are super friendly and they are very passionate about the place.

This place really stands out in Central Phoenix for its levels of culinary inventiveness and execution.
I had Kimchi Johnnycakes (that wasn't what they were actually called) last night that were stratospherically awesome.
My friend had a noodle dish in some kind of corn miso butter broth, with beautifully marinated cherry tomatoes, that was equally mind blowing.
Emily served us and she was fantastic, recommending great things when we asked.
Cocktails expertly mixed.
My third time here, and I'll be back again.
For those complaining, what are they comparing this place to?
Yelp reviews often reveal more about the reviewers than the restaurant.
Gotta read between the lines!
This place is really great, worth checking out for damn sure.

Delicious and fresh food, and great service!
The octopus in both of our meals was delicious.
We both got seafood options, and they were great!
We also ordered the donuts for dessert, and they were so tasty!
The portions aren't huge, but I guess it helps with not over-eating!
We will definitely return!

The Clever Koi was a point of contention between my husband and I... you see, he knew I wanted to try it for a really long time, and he actually had the audacity to go there without me one night with friends.
How dare he!
I'm kidding... kind of.
I really was wanting to check out The Clever Koi since they first opened, and Jared really did go there without me, knowing damn well that I wanted to go.
But, he made up for it and took me there on a date a few weeks later... and then I went there with some work colleagues (without Jared) just the other night as well.
So, I'm now two visits down with many more to go... TCK's menu changed slightly between my visits, but I enjoyed everything I had.
Service was attentive, food - creative, tasty and filling.
There is something for everyone on the drink list.
There is indoor and outdoor seating.
The ambiance is casual and comfortable and not too loud.
Highlights on the current menu in my eyes are: -Wood Grilled Octopus -Summer Corn Gyoza -Massaman Curry Noodles -Summer Corn Ramen Noodles  I highly recommend sharing / family style if you go with adventurous eaters... it's fun to taste a bunch of different things!
Kudos to the guys behind this place... crafty, clever, and keeping things fresh.
TCK is worth a visit (or several)!

Clever Koi is nestled in a charming little nook along Central and right next door to a wine bar and a hair salon.
Atmosphere:   This is a perfect date night spot or night out with friends.
It's intimate and charming inside with low lighting and a warmth coming from the kitchen.
You can either choose to sit inside or outside and if you sit inside, you can watch them hustle and bustle behind the counter.
Food/Drink   I didn't have a cocktail there the night I went, but I was impressed with the extension cocktail list and will definitely be back to give it a try.
The food theme here is a lot about sharing which is what we did.
We started with a couple appetizers, and the one that stood out the most were the Edamame Fritters which were delicious!
Imagine Edamame fried into a ball with a sweet sauce to dip.
For our main meal, we decided to try several different dishes including the Massaman Curry, Chow Mein, Fried Rice and a couple other items.
My favorite item by far was the Curry and when I come back, I will just order that and possibly ask for extra chicken.
It had the perfect flavor to it and was creamy and delicious!
I really like this restaurant and especially the atmosphere and warmth.
It's a nice addition to the growing Downtown area and I hope they put more businesses like this in the area.

What a super funky place.
Fusion food is tough to do right and Clever Koi knows what they're doing!
Everything we had on the shared plates menu was stellar, easy to share, and perfectly portioned for our group of 4 ladies.
The fried chicken and maple syrup buns were a favorite, as well as the ramen and other noodle dishes.
Between the four of us we shared about 5 plates and ended up leaving some food behind as we were too stuffed to go on.
Cocktails were also fabulous!
I was so glad to see sipping vinegars (aka shrubs) on the menu.
Opting out of cocktails for one round, I just asked if I could have a shrub and soda.
One of the absolute best shrubs I've ever had was their cucumber shrub.
Wowza!
A little of it topped off with soda water and a cucumber slice and I was in heaven.
I could drink this every single day for the rest of my life!
It was sweet, refreshing, and had just a kick of that sour vinegar flavor that's oh so yummy.
A follow up drink was a ginger shrub and soda and it was lovely as well.
Definitely something everyone visiting this restaurant should try.
So with great food, great drinks, and great company - our trip was just what I needed after a long flight to Phoenix.
Topping off the experience there was fantastic service and an incredible hip, sexy, welcoming atmosphere.
The restaurant has a bit of a fishbowl feel as the walls are all windows, but it makes for an extremely trendy, extremely beautiful evening.
Great spot for ladies night, date night, or to impress coworkers.
This was so unexpected for me and not what I envisioned as a place that would exist in Phoenix.
This city is so cool and I'm so glad to have been able to visit and come to a spot like this to make my trip perfect.

If I could have their chow main every day for dinner - I would.
Fabulous flavor.
Service very good.
The sweet thing banana fritters are fabulous ( though the carmel sauce could be less sweet.
) Each time i drive buy I think I should go there more often.
Easy parking.

Trendy new restaurant.
Came here for the first time and was not disappointed.
Asian inspired food which is almost but not quite authentic which is perfect when you want something more interesting than the standard Americanized Asian food but also want something more upscale than truly authentic Asian food.
The Korean short ribs were very close to what you'd expect at a Korean bbq place in los Angeles but with extra finesse and presentation.
The drinks were similarly interesting and delicious if you're like me and enjoy something that's equal parts familiar and new.
The bar knew what they were doing, serving up solid options even when I strayed from the cocktails menu and ordered something custom.
Will come back again soon.

Awesome happy hour...creative refreshing cocktails, lots of food options for good prices, and pretty funky atmosphere.
Had the bee's knees which was light and delicious in a pretty glass.
Get the edamame fritters...amazing!

Best Asian fusion restaurant I've tried so far.
The service was great, the pork was amazingly tender and juicy and it's well worth your while to save room for the banana fritters.
The restaurant isn't too big but the quaint space makes it feel more inviting.
They accept reservations and they offer complimentary valet parking.

I am so happy that The Clever Koi is open.
It gives me hope that smart inventive people will start colonizing Central Phoenix.
The Clever Koi has a laid back, unpretentious vibe.
It's a great place to hang out after work.
Overall I had an excellent experience.
First they have a great selection of wines that you don't typically see other places.
I'm not sure if they are connected to the wine bar next door, but I appreciate that there was something different to choose from.
We ordered a selection of dishes.
The low point was the Wood Fired Grill Plate which was just so/so.
Everything else was delicious, particularly the corn dogs.
We live a block away so I am sure that we will become regulars.

I've been here for dinner and been here for happy hour.
Setting:  5 Star - modern, clean, cool, beautiful - everything you want in a trendy hot restaurant.
Service:  5 Star - nice staff, attentive management, felt welcome  Food:  3-4 Star - Everything is pretty good.
Small portions.
Most things are clearly premade and just reheated, which makes sense for many items.
Value:  2-3 Star - Except on Happy Hour, everything just felt too expensive for the quality of food and quantity.
Not terribly expensive, but just expensive.
It's tapas size portions, which is fine, but when you are paying $8-9 for a tapas size portion, it adds up!
I've been here twice.
First time I ate the regular menu on a daddy-daughter night out, and that was nice.
I enjoyed most things on the menu that I tried.
I had noticed the happy hour menu/prices, and was excited to try.
Second time, came back with two kids and wife for happy hour.
NOTE:  Menu has changed, and is NOT the same as is on their website.
It's more expensive now!
Happy Hour prices seem to have gone up a couple bucks per item.
No longer a great deal, just an okay one.
We ordered beers and mixed drinks.
Tasty all round.
We ordered three orders of the pork soup, which was good but the ramen sure tasted a lot like the stuff you get at a supermarket, even if everything around it was top notch.
All the appetizers were tasty.
Just not outstanding.
So two kids, two adults, two drinks.
$80 with tip.
Filled us up.
My wife, who usually isn't one to be cheap, said:  "That didn't feel like it was worth the $80.
"  I wavered a bit and would probably agree, but at the same time I didn't feel like it was terrible for what we ate.
Just don't go back thinking happy hour is some amazing deal.
It WAS, then the owner raised prices.
But if you have a very light appetite, I could think of a LOT worse places to go for Happy Hour (which goes till 7) on a date.

I wanted to like Clever koi.
I had high hopes, but it was not to be.
The food was very bland.
Let's start with the pork belly steam buns, they were just okay, nothing special or to make us want them again.
The octopus was the best thing of the night.
We had the massaman curry noodles and the spicy seafood.
Spicy seafood was not spicy, it very bland and missing flavor.
As was the curry, I know it's not as spicy as other curry, but I expected some flavor.
It may have been an off night.
But we will not return based upon our first visit.

The food is good.
The ramen is the best thing on the menu...
In my opinion.
I'm a single woman that goes out by myself often so the friendliness of the bartender and staff is really the most important thing to me.
I suspect that chris served me at the bar and he was attentive without being overbearing.
I would have given them 5 stars had he introduced himself though...
It was Josh, he remembered me and introduced himself so I revised to 5 stars :)

Clever Koi is located on this cool little stretch of Central Avenue in the same area as Central Wine Bar.
The decor is beautiful and well done, the staff is friendly and the food and drinks are quite good.
We tried the corn dog bites, the edamame fritters and the wood fired grilled plate for our entrees.
It was all pretty good, but nothing to rush back for.
However, the drinks were tasty and well mixed - I highly recommend the Marvin Gardens...yummy!
I will definitely be back for happy hour and hope the menu might get changed up a little bit.

I came for dinner with a girlfriend.
The food is overpriced, the service was good, but the food not so much.
So I asked for a manager to explain what was wrong with my meal, they said that there was no manager, but that one of the owners was there.
We waited for twenty min, no one showed up.
It was not busy at all.
What does that tell you when an owner disrespects their customers so much that they won't even communicate with them?
I will give this place one star due to the fact that the wait staff were really nice.

It took me a few visits here to really love it and after that, Clever Koi became a consistent favorite.
At first, I had trouble deciding what I was interested in and liked.
My go-to had to be the kimchi fried rice.
I have had it with pork belly and lemongrass chicken (my fave).
The edamame fritters were another fave of mine.
I can't tell you how many times I wanted to order a second plate but my pride wouldn't let me.
:) Other great items; the spicy ribs, pig face dumplings, and pork ramen ($7 on happy hour!).
Speaking of happy hour, they have a decent one with apps and several cocktails ($6).
My fave HH cocktail was the Bees Knees.
Love this place!

We came there for a special July 4th event on their patio.
$50/person included a dinner and 2 drinks.
I called in advance to see if they could accommodate vegans.
They told us yes.
We had two out of town guests from DC with us.
The setting is perfect, especially for the fireworks which would happen later on that evening.
As the restaurant started to fill up the service definitely was lacking.
The vegan meal was nothing more than a small plate of grilled veggies with slaw and beans.
We did speak to the manager and they made it up by giving us a discount on the $50/person tab.
The ambience was good but based on this experience, I am not sure we would come back based on the quality of the food and the service.

Being from the bay area and living here, you miss really good ramen.
This place will totally fill that gap.
The ramen is amazing!
The owner is super friendly and the staff is great!
Also, they have a delicious home made sriracha :)

Clever Choi is very clever.
Good food, nice fusion of different cuisines.
6 of us and we shared each plate.

We've been to clever koi 3 times and every time we have a great meal.
Last night I had the special which was, Korean Fried Chicken, and it amazing!!
We will be back soon!

Best Asian fusion in Phoenix.
They do spicy really well.
Try the smoked and grilled octopus.

Clever Koi is a great ramen bar and a welcome addition to the Central Ave restaurant scene.
Both times that I've been here I've really enjoyed the atmostphere and the food.
The inside is sized perfectly - not too spacious, but not too small.
They've got a good selection of booze behind the bar, and some unique cocktails to offer as well.
When it comes to food, I haven't been able to find any other place in town that serves Ramen as tasty as Clever Koi.
This is where I get my fix!
I also love their smoked pig face dumplings (don't be scared of the name) and their duck steamed buns are awesome.
Check this place out if you're in the mood for some delicious noodles - you won't regret it.

This Asian fusion restaurant has created quite a buzz with their steamed buns and happy hour menu.
The frontal open patio can be a great place for hanging out and people watching during the not-so-hot seasons.
By extension, the modern, immaculate interior encompasses large see-through glass windows, full bar, rows of tables, and touches of Asian artifacts.
The atmosphere is completely hipsterish.
Fellow Yelper Tony Y. Jr was in town for a visit, so we stopped by for happy hour and a light meal.
The Roasted Pork Belly Steamed Bun ($4.50) was served with hoisin, cilantro, and peanuts.
The soft and fluffy steamed buns were addictive, but they were also pre-packaged and not made from scratch.
The pork belly was tasty, but could be steeped in seasoning and roasted for a longer period of time.
The touches of sauce and garnishes added some depth.
It was a decent option, but the taste of the pork belly has to be more striking than it appeared.
The Peking Duck Steamed Bun ($4.50) was put together with bacon, mizuna, and charred plum jam.
The dry spots on the duck tasted oven baked with confit-like textures.
The depth of seasoning was lacking the deep star anise flavors.
The sauce and garnishes gave a nice savory and sweet contrast.
Again, the duck should be a lot more robust and flavorful to add twists to the soft fluffy buns.
The Pork Ramen ($7) comes with braised pork belly, ribs, scallion, mustard green, kimchi, hearts of palm, and poached egg.
They recently raised the happy hour prices but should really kept it at $5.
The pork belly had a good fatty to meat ratio, but the broth was steeped with mustard green flavor that prevented the pork fat and shoyu to anchor the chewy egg noodles.
The runny poached egg was a Western cop out on what is supposed to be soft-boiled egg.
For what it is worth, I would only pay $5 for it.
I've been here on many other occasions and service was attentive on most of my visits.
I didn't get to review their other menu items, but there was overall a breadth of originality that did not translate into the kinds of sharp flavors, depth, refinement, and wow factors expected in the execution.
2.5 stars, I will only return when I'm invited to come hang out with friends.

Clever Koi is a trendy modern restaurant that offers a fusion of Asian dishes.
I've been there a few times and have really enjoyed all of the dishes.
Their pig face dumplings were delicious and flavorful with that added bite from the kimchi, as were their Asian version of corn dog bites that contained chinese sausage.
Their ramen was also a modern version, as it was creamier and contained less broth than the traditional stuff, but it did not disappoint as it was full of fresh vegetables and very filling.
I really enjoyed the Massaman curry with duck and a delicious Thai flavored coconut curry sauce.
If you're looking for a healthier option, the Mixed Grill is a fantastic choice which contains your choice of meat.
I chose the flat iron bulgogi which was an awesome choice, the meat had a nice marinade and was cooked perfectly at medium rare.
The veggies that came with it were also fresh and crunchy, and the dipping sauces were a very good addition.
Clever Koi also has a fantastic happy hour which is from 4-7.
They make a great Pimms Cup and Dark & Stormy.
If you're looking for a less sweet drink then the Paloma is also a great choice.
I love how their happy hour includes lots food options too.
I would highly recommend Clever Koi, I will return many more times to enjoy their happy hour and delicious Asian Fusion.

