Finally La Condessas sister spot is open.
If you love La Condessa and are on the Westside then make sure to come in.
The Horchata is the best I've ever had.
My favorite tacos are the chicken mole, tinga, cochinita pibil, and el gaucho.
They have a huge salsa bar with tons of options.

Stumbled upon this place and I'm so glad I did...
This is the best Mexican food hands down in all of AZ!
From the family recipe for horchata to all the different types of tacos you can see that they pride themselves with only using quality products!
Cant wait to go again.

Incredible tacos and quesadillas and salsa bar like the original, plus the space is large and beautiful!

Posted Sunday, December 15, 2013, but was deleted....  Rice and beans, just like Nana's house.
Over 15+ tacos you can choose from.
Each has its own flavor and distinction.
Atmosphere is basic and modern.
Paintings hang on walls.
The simplicity of the restaurant is only supported by the flavorful tacos.
This is a must to go spot in downtown Glendale.

Went here on a whim after passing by.
Super happy we did.
My husband had Carne Asada tacos , I had the Pastor they were amazing!
My husband is supppppper picky about Mole.
I make him try it everywhere we go for the past 14 years .
Never found a good one till now!
Amazing!!!
But the most incredible thing for me was the Horchata holy good lord I loved it.
I will be stopping by just to get that on my way home from work on many occasions.
The waiters were a bit shy but very attentive without being annoying.
I will defiantly be bringing everyone I know here!

Welcome to the neighborhood!
Had the marlin tacos and the carne asada, and they were some of the best I've had.
Great atmosphere.
They serve beer and margaritas so they are perfect as a late afternoon destination.
The salsa bar is well equipped with different tastes from all over Mexico, and the owner Felipe is a food guy at heart.
He made it a point to come over and say hi and introduce himself.
We ended the meal with a Horchata to go, and I have to say I couldn't have left any happier!

Awesome to see more gems like this on this area.
Carne Asada is fantastic.
Great selection of salsas and house margarita is the perfect stand by to cool things down.
Only complaints are the wobbly tables, missing drink menu and absent children's selection

Tried them on a whim in passing by today, it was just ok. .my carne was well seasoned and flavorful,  my pork was horrible, they screwed my order up only to correct it...then when i got home I realized it was still screwed up...  My total for 3 tacos, small rice & beans came to $14 and some change, I don't think it was quite worth that but i may be inclined to try them again - at someone else's expense.
I'm a little salty that I didnt check groupon before going lol.

Short Story -  Order the Smoked Marlin or Chicken Mole Tacos or a Quesa and enjoy the salsa bar.
Long Story -  You will be razzle dazzled by the ENORMOUS selection of salsas for you to try on the salsa bar.
I think we were told seventeen but it might have been twenty.
I tried the unusual creamy pecan salsa and a grilled vegetable salsa and whole lot of others that were very interesting.
One of the specialties of the house are the hand made Quesas.
The Quesa was described as a quesadilla but seemed very different to me as I would describe it as a Mexican GINACOTTI or fried Calzone.
We shared an all vegetable one stuffed with an assortment of vegetables including spinach and cheeses.
It was very tasty and I like anybody would enjoy it.
Out of the four tacos we tried the Smoked Marlin Taco and the Chicken Mole Taco were the best and the ones I'd recommend.
The Smoked Marlin really tasted like Fish Tacos I had in Mexico.
They were full flavored and dimensional with layers of cilantro and the right amount of smokiness and spice and that just right crunch.
The Mole sauce from the chicken tacos was very well made and heavily coated the tender tasty dark meat chicken and was very good.
Nothing was wrong with the beef or pork tacos but they seemed very average after the Smoked Marlin and the Chicken Mole.
The Quesa and the tacos were a very generous portion and more than we expected.
I didn't think two tacos a person and a shared quesa would be that much food but it was.
Best tacos I had so far in Glendale.

Stopped in for lunch, the incredibly LARGE parking spaces in a small amount of space leads me to believe this place was either small inside or has horrible drivers for customers, once i entered i assume now it is the latter, a spacious dining room, bar, and outdoor seating available.
First off i ordered a horchata, which was the second best i have ever had, they put a good variety of fruits in there that perfectly complemented the flavor..
I then ordered some street tacos, and before they came out i walked up to the Salsa Bar.. oh man, i need more than just a spoon for this place, they have every flavor you would expect, and an delicious peanut salsa.. it was soo tasty i don't even know if the tacos themselves were any good, guess i gotta go back!

The salsa bar was fun and interesting.
Maybe not quite as tasty as I had hoped.
But it was amusing to try so many different styles of salsa.
When people say get the horchatta, they mean it.
Get that thing.
Lots of flavor.
Not too sweet.
Overall very much worth the price.
The tacos were wonderful and this was the first time I had mole that I really liked it.
So much deep flavor.
Give this place a chance.
It is not like the stereotypical heavy, greesy food that we've come to expect.
But the flavors are amazing.

I've had my share of Margaritas and I must admit that these are the best in town.
However, the new Glendale location needs to catch up on the quality of Margaritas as the ones they serve at their parent location (16th street and McDowell).
I have faith that they will as they begin to settle down at their new location.

My rating is based on experiences from previous visits to the sister establishment on 16th St.
The service and quality do not hold up here.
I hate to be so blunt but that is the way it has to be.
I have watched people walk out due to lack of service.
Watched a father and son dine without silverware!
THEY DID IT.
Will they be back???
Watched my uncle clean a dirty table that had been sitting dirty long before we had decided to sit outside and just before we had decided to leave.
All in the same day.
The food has been really good here, but they definitely have some growing to do.
We have come to love La Santisima's and would have no problem going back to the 16th St. location.
Get it together.

This is for the new Glendale location- we've never been to the one across town.
I'm definitely a fan of this place, and we'll be back for sure.
This place fills the niche for good Mexcian food that isn't heavy and greasy.
It was empty when we walked in but there was a steady trickle of people in and out.
The waiter was extremely friendly.
He explained portions of the menu to us, chatted a bit, and the service was prompt and polite.
The salsa bar wasn't all that I'd hoped for but it was interesting.
Lots of different salsas but many of them were spicy and I didn't really love any of them.
Hubby did though so that might just have been my issue.
The food, on the other hand, was delicious.
Hubby had mole and it tasted like mole is supposed to taste.
Like chili and chocolate and all sorts of yumminiess rolled together.
I had an Arabic burrito which was much more delicious than it sounds.
They happily made it without onions for me and it was awesome.
Oh, and order the horchata.
Trust me.
They make it in house and if horchata tasted like this all the time I'd drink it way more often.
Parking is in the back and there is a surprising amount of space considering they're on the edge of downtown Glendale.
I also appreciate that the parking area is VERY well lit.

This place is wonderful!
The decorations are authentic and neat and the food is delicious.
They have a HUGE selection of salsas, I enjoyed their guacamole and peanut salsa.
My boyfriend and I ordered yummy Mexican Coke in the bottle, our favorite.
I ordered two of their carne asada tacos with pickled onions and chimichurri sauce which came with rice and beans with fresh cheese on top, it was fantastic.
My boyfriend got the bullet burro which he absolutely loved.
We'll definitely be coming back to try more of their salsas!

My second time here, I found salsas I didn't see last time and all very tasty.
The steak or the chicken mole tacos are great.
My husband had Al pastor w hummus and it was excellent as well!
Can't go wrong with the house margaritas either.
2 thumbs up!

Absolutely the best Mexican food that I have had outside of Monterrey, MX!
We were waited on by the owner and we had 5 star service.
We will be back as soon as possible.

Luckily we learned about the small taco shop on Groupon.
We drove past the Glendale location and we thought it was closed.
Had to call to double check the hours.
Once we walked in, we were greeted by the manager or owner, very welcoming.
He offered us some chips and guacamole.
Came to find out there was no refill on chips and we had to pay for the guacamole...
I would have liked to enjoyed some chips throughout my meal, not just the first 10 minutes.
Me and my boyfriend don't drink soda, so he offered a drink we took water.
He brought us the water, but in a PLASTIC CLEAR CUP.
Like the ones Circle K gives you.
However the tacos we ordered were AMAZING.
I had the Carne Asada street tacos.
They were delicious.
We ate and talked.
about 20 minutes later, still no waiter for a refill.
I had to get up and walk to the bar for more water.
Finally the check comes... we paid in cash and we had decided what the tip was going to be.
The change came and the waiter/manager/owner took some of the change as his tip...
So if you can get past the bad service, getting offered something that should be free, small plastic water cups, then you'll have a great meal.
We're going to go again, but to the other location.

This is soooo much closer to where I live than the original location.
Awesome :) I'll be back.
The only kink is service and signage.
The people are new and are being trained so that should improve.
I swear one of the servers also works/worked at the original.
This location is just as hard to spot though.
Small building, but plenty of parking in back.
I'm a huge fan of the original.
Been there multiple times.
I was much more impressed by the mole being served here, but not so much the dogfish.
It was still good, but seemed to be more batter this time around.
Cabo shrimp and marlin are good at both locals.
Two taco plates with rice and beans and two horchatas = $25-30  I finally have enough experience with these restaurants to complain just a little bit.
Go back to putting the rice and beans in cups or bowls please.
I am begging you!
I'm so tired of my tacos getting soggy from my beans spreading across my entire plate.
Get plates with ridges and sections or something.
Something!
Anything!
The music IS REALLY LOUD at both locations.
I'd like to not have to yell at my dining partners.
No pecans in the horchata anymore?
Did I miss this menu change or was it just a hiccup at the newbie?

My experience here left me willing to try it again, though it didn't live up to expectations.
I came in by myself at dinner time.
I was promptly seated and provided with chips.
The server was by herself handling the entire dining room and bar at supper, and as a solo diner, I was last priority.
It took me all of two minutes to choose what I wanted--a single taco--but it took fifteen minutes for my order to be taken.
If I hadn't been given the chips, I would have given up and left.
In the meantime, I saw people who came in after me get complete service because they ordered drinks.
The chips were excellent--very fresh.
I like the salsa bar but the lighting was poor back there so it was hard to see what was what.
Finally a male server joined her and he took my order.
My Aztec chicken tinga taco came out about five minutes later.
It was excellent.
The chicken was very tender and tasty.
Just the right about of spice.
It only took about five minutes to catch the server's eye and soon enough I was on my way.

We stopped in for the first time based on a recommendation of another Yelper.
The chairs are extremely comfortable, but the artwork on the wall is very strange.
I don't get it.
It seems like they just decided to hang ugly paintings instead of actually painting the walls, they are very dirty.
Our service was ok, but I assume she was new.
I ordered 2 tacos a la carte and my boyfriend ordered a meal which comes with beans and rice.
We then headed up to the salsa bar to accompany our chips.
There were sooo many to choose from.
I loved the green salsa and who would have known salsa made from radishes would actually be really tasty??
Our tacos were great, the beans didn't taste like they were from a can and the meat was cooked perfectly.
The only issue I had with my lunch were the taco shells, I feel like they were a little too soggy.

I've been here a couple of times now for lunch.
I had been to the other location previously known as La Condesa once so I knew the food was going to be good.
And it certainly is.
Parking seems like it could be a hassle at times.
Another Yelper says they park at the school when it is not in session.
This time I noticed the back gate was open with an empty lot on the other side of the alley but my server could not tell me if it was ok to park there.
The salsa bar is always a delight and I try to limit myself to two per meal so I can keep track of what I am having.
Service both times has been OK but sort of an afterthought.
I will certainly keep this place in the lunch rotation.

In a nutshell: After 1 1/2 hr wait we left without other food in our stomachs but chips with salsa!
Place was packed, 2 servers for the whole hungry crowd, our order got misplaced, and with two hungry kids next to me I had to leave to a nearby Subway.
I do believe the food a the two sister facilities is great.
But the service at this location is close to the worse I've ever experienced.
I was happy when I got to know this place had been opened in Glendale, since we just moved to the West Valley, but unfortunately I'm not planning to come back anytime soon.

This was my first time here.
I was glad to see new blood come into the downtown Glendale area.
I spend a lot of time in this area and I'm always looking for a new spot.
The decor and styling of the restaurant is great.
I loved the paintings and lighting throughout.
There is ample seating although we came on a very busy night.
Now for the bad news.
We waited nearly an hour for a total of 8 tacos between 4 people.
We were told by the manager that he was sorry and he was missing two servers and a cook.
Sadly I did see people leave prior to getting food due to service.
I can only hope this gets addressed.
On the good side the tacos were excellent.
I ordered two steak tacos, while my friend ordered one steak and one shredded pork.
He also described the steak taco as good but he said the pork was delicious.
Great menu with lots of choices.
I will go back and hope the service issue is fixed.

Extremely poor service!
The location on N16th street in Phoenix is better in terms of service.
Food tastes the same.

I've been here twice and now feel like I can write a fair review.
First off I'm very happy La Santisima came to Glendale.
Hopefully it can spark a renovation in the area.
The decor is really cool, lots of paintings on the mall of skulls and of lucha libre wrestlers.
Not as many as the famous lucha libre tacos of San Diego, but very cool.
Especially in the bathroom they have posters of El Santo which I believe was a Mexican wrestler and actor.
They have lots of room inside, and a nice sized patio facing Glendale ave. to be honest I doubt I'd sit out here at night to "people watch" if I was the only table, but I would if it was busy.
After two visits I have to say the food is excellent!
My favorite has to be the Mayan Cochinita Pibil Tacos.
Both times I've had the and they were excellent!
Very juicy and full of flavor.
Today I just had the Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken and shared the Sonoran Carne Asada Tacohe.
Man both were awesome!
The mole was really unique and it had shredded prices of chicken in it.
Very good.
I ended up buying a few Groupons for this place and can't wait till I can try more food.
I have a feeling this might be my favorite restaurant in Glendale if not the west side of Phx.
My only complaint and reason I gave it 4 stars,  not 5 was the service on both days.
I have read other Yelpers complaining about the service.
We came in during a Saturday night while there was a festival.
It was super bush and got lucky to get a seat.
After about 15 mins to get our order we were told by a neighboring table that they have been waiting for over 1 hour and were about to leave.
We ended up waiting about 40 mins after we put our order in for our food.
I made a comment to the manager who apologized and said a cook and 2 servers called in.
I appreciate his honesty.
Sticks for the restaurant because I can tell this was a big business day and they might have missed out on some sales.
On our recent table in a quiet Sunday night our service was much better.
Not great, but it was good.
I will be coming back so if the service improves just a little more I would easily up my rating to 5!
Overall great tacos!
I'm sure everything else is good too.
Oh almost forgot about the salsa bar...wow!
Some pack a punch and a half so try them all to see what you like!

I had a groupon to this lovely place and since then I've visited this place TWICE!
I absolutely love the horchata and have definitely not tasted anything better.

We live in  Glendale and was excited to go here.
Akward small salsa bar.
No one greeted us as we came in.
Self seating I assume.
Who works here?
No uniforms.
Nasty standing water by salsa bar.
This food better be good!
Weird way to get to the salsa bar where you have to twist and turn.
No utensils or napkins on tables.
You have to ask and wait.
Positive.
Music and atmosphere is good.
The outside patio looks nice.
The prices are decent and they look to have a good vision.
They have really nice art work but walls need painting.
Seating is good and looks nice wooden tops and cast iron details.
A bit more attention to details and some training will have this a destination for Glendale folks who want authenticity yet do not want to go near the hustle and bustle of Westgate.

I love this place it's a lot roomier than the one down town and you have to try the cilantro salsa!
I'm a vegetarian and they give a good amount of options including a vegan option!

So so awesome!!
The salsa bar was huge and armed with more types of salsa than I could possibly taste in one sitting.
Anyway the tacos were more than filling and very tastey.
As far as the location lets just say I drove past it and had to do a u-turn.
I was not expecting it to be "right next to" La perila.
Which is another mexican food place but has been around for quite awhile.
So here you go....
If you are looking for a mexican dish enchilada style that can be eaten with a soup spoon??
Go to La Perila, which is good don't get me wrong.
But if your looking for a flavor party of some really good authentic mexican food go to La Santisma.
There is a good chance you too will be excited to share this place with others.
Don't want to forget the staff was very friendly and helpful.
The layout of this place is cool and family like.
Nice front patio that would be pretty cool come sundown.
Welp Enjoy I sure did and will again.

Place was super cool.
Great food.
Sat in the patio... Could've used some umbrellas for shade.
Would've liked to see some drafts but nonetheless, the bottled beer selection was great.
The wait staff seemed a tad unprofessional.
But I'm sure with time and good promotion this spot can be a hit.
My husband and I will definitely be back for the great fish and shrimp tacos :)

La Santisima is easily one of the best taco shops in the Phoenix area.
The menu is fresh and interesting,  with dishes taken from various areas in southern Mexico.
If you want to try new and authentic flavors, this is the place.
It's simple and unique, with a minimal staff and barebones table settings, but you somehow feel a sense of "rightness".
It's no frills, no fluff, just great Mexican food for a price you can't match.
I'd rather pay 9 bucks for an amazing burrito and eat my salsa out of a plastic bowl than visit a snazzy upscale place with food that's no better but have to shell out twice the price.
Go.
To.
La.
Santisima.

This is an awesome, quaint artsy restaurant nestled just slightly off the Historic Glendale strip with a casual vibe and truly delicious food.
We visited on a quiet night and had attentive service, since we were the only other guests other than a large family gathering in the center.
The number of patrons, however, is no reflection on the food or experience.
We split two, two-taco plates for maximum sampling--chicken black mole, la santisma with shrimp, chicken tinga, and pork pibil...all of which were delicious.
The la santisma, loaded with veggies and cheese was the overall winner (and was the one recommended by our waiter).
Also, being a mole fan, I was excited to eat a REALLY good mole!
I only wish there was one closer, because I would eat here wayyyy to often.
The salsa bar is out of this world if you are a salsa nut like myself.
Sooo many options, all for the tasting.
Ever had a delish jicama and cilantro salsa?
How about the less common radish salsa, which was outstanding?
Not to mention the other 10+ salsas on the bar, including a spicy guac.
Many of these have quite the kick, so this may not be for the faint of heart.
Lastly, the house margarita was tasty and we both loved the mixed citrus, including lemons, limes, orange and grapefruit.
This is not a "knock-you-on-your-a$$" bev, but probably the tastiest mixed drink I've had in a long time.
So fresh, crisp and well-made for enjoyment.
I will be making the trip back again and again.
Yum...

This place is amazing!!
Can't say enough good things about this restuarant!
The set up is nice and the art work is superb!
A great place to go have a date night or a quiet family dinner.
The food is always fresh, (highly recommended the el pastor quesadilla!!
)   The only thing negative per se about this place is the service.
They really need another waiter.
I give respect to the guy that works there solo, but he's so busy hustling and bustling that it's hard for him to give adequately good service when he's rushing through our orders.
We have been there 3 times and each time it is the same, 4 or 5 tables and we end up waiting 20 minutes to get a drink order.
I love the atmosphere and food too much to stop going, just hope they hire another waiter in the near future!!
Definitely recommend this place to others!!

Been here a total of 4 times and I want to make it my 5th as soon as I can.
So this was easy for me to update my rating from 4 stars to 5 stars!
I still love my tacos but my wife recently had the argentine steak quesadilla and it was amazing!!
It was very big..big enough for us to easily share.
On our last visit we didn't share but ended up taking the other half home and have an amazing snack!
Overall service isn't the fastest, but I'll wait a little for food so good.
Nice local restaurant in Glendale!

The food is always great,  I have been here maybe 5 times and only one of those times were we waited on in a timely manner.
They drop the menu off and then go away for at least 10-15 minutes.
For some reason the wait staff refuses to write down any orders.
I'd rather they write them down instead of getting them wrong.
The lack of staff is the downfall of this place.
Can't deny the meat and the food is fantastic.

My husband and I would go here every week since they opened..
But it seems as though since the owner hasn't been in the place lately the restaurant is going down hill...
The 2 waitresses have a very poor attitude... Last week we went the girl waitress had an attitude and told my sister in law they were out of rice & michelada's!
Went back today and the waitresses would not even wait on us!
Another couple sat next to us and they give them menus & chips!!!
We waited 20 minutes before walking out!
Mind you have been loyal customers since they opened their doors!
The food was great but has gone down hill!

It was a little hard to find and went past twice!
However, although small, it had nice and a very interesting decor (loved the padded chairs).
The menu was large with very different types of tacos and burros you don't often see.
As mentioned by others,  the salsa bar was excellent with lots of choices with a surprising (and tasty) fruit salsa!
I was slightly put off as we ordered our iced teas at lunch and they were delivered in wax paper cups which was not what you would expect in a sit down restaurant.
Then the meal came in baskets like you might get at a Sonic drive-in which was also a little disconcerting.
However, the meal certainly made up for these drawbacks (which in the end is the most important quality!).
We had the lunch plate with a small paper cup of beans and another with rice but believe it or not, I was very full at the conclusion of the meal and even took one of the corn tortilla off one of the tacos as I was 'stuffed'.
Overall, I wish they had served on regular plates and regular glasses but the food was excellent.
The service was also attentive but not intrusive.
Will definitely return!

Hidden gem!
Down the street from Downtown Glendale.
Owner did an awesome job decorating this restaurant.
Excellent quality Mexican food!!
The best Mexican food we've had in Glendale or Phoenix since we moved here eight years ago from CA.
AMAZING tacos, quesadillas, fish tacos, margaritas etc.
Service was great...seems they've learned from when they first opened.
This restaurant will definitely take off and get crazy busy as time goes on with word of mouth.
Coming back for sure!

Gourmet tacos!
Try any two gourmet tacos you will not be disappointed.
These tacos aren't your regular small street tacos these are some serious tacos.
I tried the la santisma taco with arrachera carne and the shark taco.
Both were incredible.
Really like the shark taco with its sauce.
And the santisma taco was right on.
Real Mexican sodas with real sugar straight from the glass bottle.
And don't forget the salsa bar.
Seriously, so many salsas to choose from.
Try them all, I did and simply went back for those I liked, no loved!
Oh.
Did I forget even the rice and beans were good and I only know this because they mistakenly added them to my plate, the chef was being generous the waiter said.
Thank you I said!
These are definitely better the average rice and beans.

Decided to take my dad on a lunch date to La Santisima.
We were both more than impressed with the taste and presentation of the food.
I purchased a two taco plate and was stuffed like a turkey on Thanksgiving, well worth it!
The salsa bar was amazing, so many options, you can't try them all in one sitting.
This definitely means I'm going back for more!

Well the horchata was ok.
I guess the first issue.. ordered street tacos a la carte that were supposed to be 1.95 but somehow they decided the bring out the plate w/ rice and beans because this was supposed to save money.. well it didn't..
I didn't ask them too.. but hey.. thanks i guess lol.
Stay away from the carne asada tacos.
The meat is poor quality.. too much fat and it makes for a greasy taco..this in my opinion is a pretty bad asada taco.
The mountain of cabbage doesn't help it's overall lacking in flavor either.
Pile on the salsa, those are really good.
Also it's reheated which is standard practice i guess but some of these pieces were pretty black.. living in a mexican household you know this happens when you reheat the meat a few times.
I could not tell the difference between the street taco and the more expensive arrachera taco.
Meat quality = same.
Burro was solid.
Salsa's great.. no chip refills.
All in all for 70 bucks.. not worth it.
That's 12 tacos rice and beans, 1 burrito, and 5 drinks.. this at Los Taquitos would cost me $40ish.
However those tacos are ridiculous good unlike here.
Don't get what the fuzz is all about.

Went here today for lunch.
Fast service, great salsa bar, food was awesome.
Not a typical taco stand.
I recommend this highly.
I can't wait to go back!

I have been here twice and both visits were enjoyable.
The food is amazing and the portions are generous.
It is fun to order and share among friends since there is such a variety on the menu - definitely many flavors to suit every palate.
The salsa bar is eclectic and amusing and brings a great point of conversation to the table.
This is a great addition to downtown Glendale.
I was disappointed by the slow service provided at both visits.
The staff plays music from an mp3/iPod but we had to ask several times to turn it down because we could not even here each other talk over the volume of the music.
It was a feature that I could have done without.
These are easy fixes for the management and staff.

Oh my gosh.
What a totally different experience from my last visit.
I will come back during the week to eat, but the staff on the weekend was horrible.
I sent my food back twice and it still came back to me wrong.
The waitress didn't speak a word of English and could not understand at all what I wanted.
I ordered the exact same entrée I had the last time I was here but it was a totally different meal that was delivered to me.
I even showed them the picture I posted in Yelp as to what my food should look like.
They tried to match the picture, but they had no clue.
So disappointed!
I could go on and on, but I won't.
Again I don't recommend going on the weekend.
The thing that shocked me the most was even after the horrible experience with the food being sent back, I had to pay the full check.
If a customer sends something back twice and it still comes back wrong, they should not be charged.
The food should be the same no matter when it is ordered.

Been here 3 times the quality of the food is so good.
The best tacos I have had since moving from LA.
The quesadilla I got was so good I ate the whole thing!
The asada street taco and mole taco is just the best.
The horchata was very good and unique.
The salsa bar is good and clean too.

Great tacos and the rice tasted great.
Had the 3 tacos rice and beans.
The chicken tacos were very tasty the one meat taco was little on the chewy side but still very good.
Would recommend.

Dear La Condesisima or whoever you are now...I don't need to add to the already glowing reviews of your food, I love it and hope you stay around forever (especially your chile oil...I could drink that stuff).
In fact, I love it so much that I frequently crave it on my way home from work....but I am almost always thwarted by the fact that no one ever answers the phone to take my order.
I'm not going to stop and wait for you to take and make my order when I'm trying to bring dinner home to my kids, I just want to order over the phone so I can walk in and pick it up.
Please answer your phone so I can spend my money at your place.
(unless you're trying to discourage take-out orders, in which case please tell me so I can stop getting my hopes up when the craving strikes!
)   Thanks!

I love this place.
I have been eating at the original one on 16st and palm ln for about 2 years.
This one is even better!
I love the quesadillas.
Not your moms quesadilla!
I almost always get th he chicken mole in the quesadilla.
Love it.
I have tried almost everything.
I would also recommend chicken Tinga.
Shrimp tacos are awesome.
Try all 20 of the salsas.
Including,  pecan, hicima.
Green toatilllo is awesome.
The Margaritas are fresh with chunks of fruit!
Yummy!
Enjoy.

This was an interesting place.
I was craving tacos and what's better than going to the taco shop.
I tried one of their steak tacos and they were alright.
Awesome salsa bar, never had strawberry salsa nor sweet pecan.
It's a little pricey but hey guess that's the gourmet part.
Will definitely try more items on the menu.
Staff was very nice.
I wanted a strawberry lemonade and since they only had regular lemonade the guy made me some and honestly wasn't bad at all.

My husband and I had dinner here this past weekend for the first time.
We had been wanting to try it, but hadn't gotten around to it.
We are glad we finally took the time to have dinner here.
It was really good.
The tacos were fabulous, the margaritas were good and the choices of salsa were great.
The service is a little slow, so if you're in a hurry pick another time to visit this wonderful establishment.
I definitely will be returning and bringing friends and family!

