Where to begin..   Well first we go in and it has just recently opened so I'm going to try to give them the benefit of the doubt..
So me and my father are in Line waiting to order and a woman comes up and says "what's your favorite here?
" To which we reply "oh it's actually our first time" so she yells out "FIRST TIMERRRRR!!!
" And the rest of the staff yells that as well and it was a bit embarrassing but I understand it's a gimmick so I went along.
NEXT: I go to order a vegetarian burrito, and keep in mind everything is laid out and you choose what you want JUST like chipotle, so the guy goes to throw cheese and enchilada style just assuming that's what I wanted and I had to tell him "no none of that either please" so then I get to the part where they put the Lettuce, tomato, etc and before I can put anything IN my burrito the guy puts pinto beans on TOP of the burrito then puts it through a cooker and I say "oh I wasn't done building the burrito" and he replies "you actually get it all on the side and put it on yourself.." So I get the salsa, lettuce, and "one free scoop of guacamole" on the SIDE which is already annoying because any Mexican food place I go to ESPECIALLY where you build it there the stuff goes IN the burrito so there is no hassle and the woman says "you have to ask in advance for us to put it on for you"  NEXT: my dad gets a chicken quesadilla which is literally a kids size, and when I go to pay I also add 2 drinks, and the woman says "since that's a kids size I can only sell you a kids size drink..." Are you kidding me????
Not to mention no one said it was a kids size, he asked just for a chicken Quesadilla and that's what they give him?
I guess you have to ask in advance for a regular size?
And as we go to sit down the woman behind us with a distraught look on her face passes us at the drink station and says "wow why does this Place have to be so confusing?!
"   FINALLY: we sit down and at this point I need a SECOND plate just to build my own burrito (litterally) and when I go to pick it up, the salsa liquid got UNDER the burrito causing it to be soggy and it literally breaks apart all over the place and turns to mush.. At this point I asked for a refund so I could leave and as I'm waiting for the money back the woman from earlier who yelled "first timerrrr" asked me how it wAs, and when I said I got a refund she replies "you should have got it enchilada style like I said..." Keep in mind I did take a bite before refunding and I will tell you it is the exact same spitting image of chipotle... Just more exspensive and more of a hassle and a lesser size of a burrito... Just go to chipotle across the street and save yourself a headache and a bad dining experience.

This place is awesome!!
The food is super yummy and the service is amazing!!!
The girl who helped us said that they have only been open for 5 days.
I am so impressed!!!
They really have it together!!!
EAT HERE IT'S WONDERFUL!!!

Food was delicious.
This space used to be a Baja Fresh, totally blows them out of the water.
I would recommend this place to anyone, and I do.
COME HERE!!
IT'S GREAT FOOD!

Got the taco combination with steak.
The taco was good, a bit too much lettuce.
Since the taco looked big i figured one was enough since it got rice and beans too.
The beans were good i got the pinto.
The rice was not, i did not like the taste, and just left it...the staff was friendly, very enthusiastic.
But though i was full, i didn't feel satisfied.
Overall i may give this place another shot but no rice.
Still better than choipotle.

Had a steak burrito and it was very good, meat was tender and flavorful!
Did not have rice but had pinto and black beans and it was not dry!!!
Much better than chipotle, staff was friendly and helpful so I'm coming back for sure!!!
More than I could eat so I would say I got my money's worth!!

My new favorite place!
Pulled chicken and pork are really good.
The burrito and the 3 taco combos are my favorite!
1000's better than Chipotle!

I use to go to Cafe Rio when I lived in Utah and it was a favorite.
So needless to say I was real excited when I found out one opened 6 blocks from my house!
My favorite is the enchilada plate with sweet pork and medium sauce.
I don't like rice and beans but they will give you lettuce, pico, and sour cream in place of that.
Make sure to get a stamp card at the end to earn a free meal!
The main reason I didn't go 5 stars is because sometimes the staff get a little sassy when they don't need to be and won't listen to what you're trying to tell them before interrupting you.
Food rocks though :)

Eh.
Trying too hard is the phrase that comes to mind.
Why, if they bill themselves as fresh Mexican food, do they smother everything in cheese and super salty sauce?
I ordered the nachos and hubby had the enchiladas.
First of all, his plate was pretty skimpy for $9.
Two little enchiladas and a bloop each of rice and beans.
My nachos were more generous, but what the heck is the point of nachos when the chips are too brittle to use as a scoop?
The running everything through the oven was interesting, but again, what about "fresh"?
Employees were friendly enough and sang a round of "Nacho Man" when I ordered the nachos.
It wouldn't have been so bad if the song hadn't sounded like a funeral dirge, but there was no other silliness.
Overall it was all right, but we wouldn't come back.

I really wanted to like this place but maybe I had my hopes set too high.
It was clean and the employees were friendly but the food really lacked for me.
I definitely did  not feel like it was fresh and delicious.
It felt like heavy smothered mexican food.
It was salty and the shredded chicken was greasy to top it off.
I doubt quite seriously that we will return.
I would much rather have Chipotle.

It's great for a quick lunch.
The tortillas are made on premises, I can always appreciate fresh tortillas.
It is not authentic Mexican food by any means but it was good!

I have been a HUGE fan of Cafe Rio and went to the Gilbert location many many times when I lived in the East Valley.
I would actually drive more than 10 miles each way to get there I enjoyed it so much.
Once I heard they were opening a location on my new end of town I was thrilled to say the least.
It was going to be my new regular place to go for Mexican food each week.
Well......that is not exactly the way it turned out.
I've been 3 times since they opened and have had identical experiences each time so I write this review in confidence that I did not simply just catch them on a bad day.
Each time the line to get through was painfully slow.
The last time there were about 10 people in front of us and it took more than 20 minutes (yes I timed it) for us to be served.
I'm not amused by their singing in the least.
That does not show me that the staff is enjoying their shift.
In fact, they seemed stressed,  grumpy, and less than enthusiastic about interacting with customers.
I'm willing to bet a big reason for that is the fact that they were understaffed each time.
Only 2 people working the front line?
Come on Cafe Rio.
You guys are too busy to only have 2 people up front on the make line.
They did not have a runner refilling the bins either; not surprising that they were out of nearly everything.
Hey management/ownership, you are stressing your workers out and aggravating your customers by making us wait that long.
Once we navigated the line and survived the slow service, we get to the end where we were asked if we wanted guacamole on our nachos.
They only had a tiny bit left, and they put that on top.
We looked at them and said, is that all you have?
We were told they would bring some more out soon.
When we slid over to the register and the girl at the register said that was the normal amount and if we wanted any more it would be an additional charge.
So, they charged the $2.50 (or so) for it and said they would bring it out to us.
By this point we are bugged and not enjoying our experience and were discussing how cheap they have become nickel and diming people.
In this case, an extra $2.50.
then they brought us out a little 2 oz cup of guacamole.
$2.50 for that?
Hardly....we took it back inside and got our money back for that.
I know food is not cheap and good food really is not cheap, but come on, stop being so chincy, CR.
I've just noticed the meat portions have become smaller, the prices have gone up, the service has gone south, and now we are no longer loyal customers.

I just moved here , and have been here three times because I loved it back home .
and I'm pretty sure I will never go back .
Worst Customer service I have ever received all three times .they are never stocked with new produce I always have to wait total time of me ordering food ahve been up to 25 mins.
they always seem to over charge me for things that are never in my bag .. they don't know how to honor their own point system and when you call them the girl always has a huge attitude.
Not going back anytime soon!

I have truly missed Cafe Rio until this one opened up!!!
So much better than chipotle!
Love the steak salad.
If it's your first time going to a Cafe Rio, do yourself a favor and just pick a meat, pick a salad or burrito and let them make it the way it was meant to be made.
They know what they are doing, it's really great stuff!

Been to this chain many times,  but this is the first visit in awhile and the prices keep going up, up and away.
My Damn burrito almost broke the 10 buck mark..cmon.
They have two versions of chicken..one is stewed and the other is fire grilled and way better, but they charge you a buck extra.
They are both chicken, so that is a bunch of crap and the burro is already $7.95 and only includes salsa..meat..beans..and rice and cheese.
Everything else is extra.
Not dropping ten on a fast food burrito...so adios and this chain refuses to issue coupons.

Use to love Cafe Rio when we lived in Idaho, went all the time!
I was pretty excited that they were coming to Goodyear.
First visit was barely ok, prices are higher, very slow no hard tortillas for tostada had to wait, breaking down line at 8:30pm and not great guest service at all.
The second time was again like the first but something seemed very salty (beans or chicken?
) to the point I couldn't finish it.
The vanilla coke looked light so I waited for the cashier who had disappeared, so I waited till she returned and she was like oh yeah we're out, so you'll have to pick something else.
Ok?
I use to love Cafe Rio as it was something I could grab that was priced well, fresh and everyone liked at home.
What happened to the old Cafe Rio I remembered ?

This place is the greatest.
Food is great.
The energy is fantastic.
Everyone working there looks happy to be there because they're always having a great time.
Today I had someone help me out who was learning for the first time and his coworkers were so nice and encouraging.
I was very happy and will go back any day.

I was surprised to read the not so complimented reviews for this place.
My husband and I never heard about the place when we moved near the Tolleson area, but decided to try it out when we were driving by it.
Granted, I was extremely hungry from the move which the thought came to my mind on why the food was so good.
My husband and I decided to go back for another try.
The food was still AMAZING!
The sauces have a great flavor along with the meats.
Especially the sweet pork.
The price could be a little less, but it's so good that I will continue to go back.
I suggest for you to try it if you are in the area.

This place has the worst food!
Chicken enchilada was awful  tasteless chicken smothered in a salty crappy sauce.
Husband and so had the pork.
They said it tasted like the soaked it sugar.
Rice undercooked.
This place doesn't even deserve one star.

This place was pretty good.
Better than chipotle .
Had the enchilada style shredded chicken and it was delicious.
Also liked that they make their tortillas fresh and  have a free quesadilla for kids under 6 which is the perfect size for my little one.

Looks like from all the previous reviews on here I'm not alone with my complaints.
This location is not managed well at all compared to other locations.
This evening they were understaffed and the manager on duty herself was not able to communicate well and was quite rude to us.
I have also noticed that they have beem trained to flood the enchilada style burritos with sauce to the point that is all you taste.
On my first experience with that I took the burrito back and asked for a new one with less sauce and I always make sure to ask for less sauce now on here.
My big complaint from today is how the manager on duty checked us out at the register and denied us any stamps because we bought the taco special meals for Tuesdays.
I have always been given stamps even for taco tuesday meals.
She tried to tell me it was policy but if I would have known that I wasn't getting stamps up front I wouldn't have come on Tuesday and I would have spent my $17 on a couple other meals and not tacos.
If that's the corporate policy I would like to see it in writing and I fel it was a bait and switch tactic they have played me.
I will no longer be a loyal Taco Tuesday customer and they will see me much less often there.

