The service is always very reliable when visiting the Sam Fox concepts.
The food is consistent too and although taste and liking can vary it's a descent spot for lunch.
Today I tried the guacamole, the enchiladas with red chile and the borracho beans and rice.
The ancho chili in the enchiladas was definitely not my favorite.
Yes ancho is a very strong pepper but balance is everything with Mexican foods and this one definitely missed the mark.
Then top it with a sour cream and well meh..
Proceed with caution.
The rice is cooked in milk it seems and I'm not a big fan of it.
I really would expect a red rice rather than this stove top rice with cilantro, this doesn't make it Mexican.
The borracho beans are the usual pork and beans mix.
I don't mind them actually but the black beans are better.
Lastly the guacamole was okay, not 9 bucks okay as it's mixed in with sour cream and sprinkled with some cotija cheese.
Overall I will keep this place in my lunch options list.
Although the food is not at the caliber I find at a Zin Burger or True Food I can definitely always appreciate good service and friendly staff.

Way too much for a little street taco.
Server was pushy and seemed to want to get us out of there as fast as possible.
1/2 off happy hour is the only reason for the 3 stars.
Poor service, mediocre food.
Probably won't return with the service we had.

I recently went to Blanco on a Friday evening with my boss.
We were immediately seated as it wasn't too busy.
We ordered a drink and some guacamole and some queso.
Since she had to catch a flight we decided to order everything at once.
I ordered my food and when the server asked which beans I asked which ones have bacon in them, told her I don't eat meat and then took the black beans (no bacon).
I then ordered the CHEESE enchiladas.
When she repeated the order she said I ordered the chicken enchiladas, I said no, I don't eat meat (again).
My bosses drink came and then the guac and queso.
No chips and no drink for me.
Our server came by again and said my drink was coming and started to walk away and I said, excuse me... can we get some chips and plates.
"oh yeah" another 5 minutes later she returned with chips but informed us the plates were still in the dishwasher.
Our food arrived and still no cocktail, I asked her again to check on it.
I then tasted my food and thought it tasted funny, I took another bite and asked my boss to do the same, she informed me it was a meat sauce.
I flagged down the server and asked her if it was meat and she said I don't know, let me find out.
REALLY!!
As a side note, I have never had this much trouble at a Fox restaurant, they seem to be completely clued in and know their menu).
She came back and apologized and offered me something else.
She also said she would tell her manager.
Never saw a manager.
I am shocked at the poor service at this restaurant.
I enjoy True Food on a regular basis and they are so professional and are very knowledgeable about the menu.
I am not sure I will be returning to Blanco.
Perhaps more training is necessary.

Blanco is a welcome addition to the biltmore fashion park!
Two friends and I met for lunch here on a Monday.
We were seated in a raised booth that overlooks the restaurant and outside.
Chips and salsa were basic, and we got the roasted corn and the queso to dip.
Both the queso and corn were absolutely delicious!
For my entree I had the short rib and avocado cheese crisp which was super yummy and crispy!
It was not greasy like some crisps can be.
My friends tried the chicken tacos (loved them) and some sort of enchiladas.
Our server Keisha (sp) was very sweet!
She kept our drinks full and came back to check on us at all the right times.
She also took our photo for us- twice!!
Also, the taco window across from Williams Sonoma is open daily until 4 pm and has a few select items to grab and go.
I've tried the chicken tacos, queso, and cheese quesadilla from the window which are all straightforward and fresh.

What a delicious addition to Biltmore Fashion Park!
I'm so happy Blanco opened their doors in this space at the outdoor mall.
Not only is their sitdown service perfect after a day of shopping or for a night out, but they also have a walk-up window that's perfect for a quick lunchtime meal.
During a recent visit, I enjoyed a lovely meal complete with a skinny margarita, housemade guacamole and a combination of three different street tacos.
The meal was fabulous and the service was spot on.
While we sat in the restaurant I noticed the bar and decided that I will be coming back soon to enjoy a casual drink and snack.
I will also be back soon to order lunch of tacos or salad from the walk-up window.
Sam Fox has done it again!

I'll never go back.
Went here mid-afternoon (about 3-ish) so it wasn't crowded at all.
There's pretty much nothing good I can say about this place except for the fact that the manager did come and apologize.
First...our server (I think his name was Nathan) was either stoned or just incredibly inept at his job.
It took (and yes I timed it) 20 minutes before we ordered AND that was AFTER I had to yell at him and wave him down to get his attention.
He literally walked by our table 4 times and looked to the tables on his right to help them (it was one table with, what I believe to be, other Blanco employees including a hostess, eating) and never looked to his left (where we were sitting) to help us.
I finally had to yell "Excuse me" 3 times to get his attention.
He came over somewhat befuddled and I said "Can we order now?".
This should never happen...especially when it's not busy.
Next was the $9 guacamole "Blanco special" appetizer.
Supposedly it has all these yummy ingredients and is supposed to be sooooo good.
I'm about 99% sure it was just a bunch of avocados smooshed into a bowl.
It tasted like nothing...just smooshed avocado.
Blech.
Next, I got the spare rib (or short rib...can't remember) burrito.
I took a bite and I seriously almost puked.
It tasted like they'd poured an entire container of salt in it.
I asked my fiance to taste it to make sure I wasn't hallucinating.
He agreed it was inedible and just crazy salty.
They did take it back and offered me something else on the house.
I ordered the taco salad.
Again, salt...a big salt salad.
I didn't even bother complaining or sending it back cuz it was free and I was too grossed out at that point to even contemplate trying something else.
The only 3 good things...#1 The manager came and apologized for the salty burrito.
#2 They took my gross food off the bill.
#3 The FREE chips they bring you are pretty good.
So, moral of the story?
If you go here just get the free chips and salsa.
And don't expect to get them very quickly, especially if you have the same server we had.
Personally, I'd rather eat at Taco Smell than go to Blanco again.

Vegetarians beware.
Watch our for the flour tacos cooked in lard, chips in the same kettle used to fry shrimp and rice in chicken broth.
This was not a good culinary experience.

Short Version: If I had to rate FRC restaurants, this one would fall somewhere in the middle.
It's good, not great.
Nothing unique.
We got the Beef "House Specialty" Enchiladas and the Crispy Shrimp Tacos and it was good.
If you're deciding between these two, I'd go with the Crispy Shrimp Tacos.
Long Version: My wife and I came here for lunch the Friday after Christmas and it was one of the only places that wasn't completely packed.
We hadn't been to a Blanco in a very long time over at The Borgata, which I'm not even sure it's there anymore.
We decided to try it again despite not remembering if we liked it or not the first couple times we had gone.
The menu appeared to be the same, and I only remember that because it's a pretty typical Mexican restaurant.
I'd compare it to a Fuego Tacos but with nicer and cleaner decor.
The decor is what you'd expect from a Fox restaurant.
The service was good and attentive.
We were served chips that were really salty and I like salty so I know that means they were overly salty.
Not sure if that's a consistent thing or not.
I ordered the Beef "House Special" Enchiladas which came out very hot (not a bad thing) in their cast iron pot.
Along with it came the Charro Beans and some rice.
The enchiladas were stuffed with cheese, ancho chiles and short ribs.
The Charro Beans were pinto beans with bacon pieces.
My favorite part was the rice.
Not sure what's in them, but it's kind of like a sticky rice with some herb seasoning.
My wife got the Crispy Shrimp Tacos which also came with the side of rice but she got the black beans instead.
I think I liked her tacos more than my echiladas.
It's definitely the lighter choice.
All that said, Blanco is nothing special.
It's not bad and it's not awesome.
Very middle of the road to me.
There are other placed I'd like to go before coming back to Blanco.
Maybe I'm just annoyed because I have to be at work today so I'm writing a grumpy-town review, but there's just nothing great to say about the lunch I just had.
Nothing terrible to say either.
I just thought of a good way to describe it: As I was at the half way point of my Enchiladas and wasn't hungry anymore, but also not full anymore, I decided just to stop eating.
That is to say, if a meal is good, I'll keep eating until I'm disgusted with myself and if it's bad, I wouldn't have made it to the halfway mark.
This is probably how a healthy human being should eat anyways.
Maybe this place is good for me after all.

Delicious!
Was at the Biltmore late one night and had been wanting to try this place.
So glad we did!
The food was really good, prepared with fresh produce and our waiter was extremely kind and very attentive.
Also a cool atmosphere, definitely a place to try.

Dropped by for Happy Hour....really good!
Grapefruit margaritas were awesome!
The guacamole and street corn were also great.
Will be back for happy hour soon.

Food was ok.
Very salty.
We ordered cheese crisps, gauc and queso fundido for appys.
Was ok, but nothing exceptional.
Had carnitos tacos and hubby had enchiladas.
Was ok. Not bad at all but not amazing.
Service was brutal.
20 min to get a table.
Over 45 minutes to get tacos after appys.
Meal took 90 minutes.
Our kids were going nuts and ate taco chips for dinner because they were hungry.
Drinks not served on trays.
A server carried four drinks over in his hands.
Weird.
No cutlery in table, had to ask.
Server checked on us serval times saying our food was coming repeatedly.
My eight year old said "it only takes me about thirty seconds to make a TACO, what's wrong with these people?
" Wish it was still Ling and Louie's.
We won't come back.
There's way better places to eat in Biltmore.

Came to Blanco on a whim and loved it!!!
We were greeted by two amazing hostess Dallas and Kat.
My fiancee and I had our 2 year old with us and Dallas and Kat were so amazing with her and of course she ate up the attention.
On to our server Taj, he was phenomenal!!!!
We had never been to this place and he made some amazing recommendations.
We had the esquites it was a corn dish.
It was to die for.
The next time I'm in Phoenix were defiantly coming back because of the food and the service!!

Black Chile was the name of the previous restaurant that occupied the space.
Just a tidbit.
Now to the review:  The hostess was very nice and polite to us and we were greeted quickly.
A major plus in my book.
We really didn't have to wait on a Friday because a sit at the bar opened up...I am walking to the bar with my wife.
My nose is assaulted with the worst smell, the smell that only comes from bars that make fruity drinks and use fresh ingredients.
I can't knock 'em but they need candles or something.
Too the food we go:  Salsa and chips.
Check.
The salsa is legit.
I could order that all day.
Fajita's.
Meh...salty, salty, salty.
Good portion but you will need water.
Overall thoughts: I am trying to step out of my box because I am a creature of habit.
Ya...I prolly won't go back.

Great for gluten free eaters!!
They don't have a gluten free menu, but are very knowledgable and accommodating.
There are many menu options and they understand cross contamination!
If you call ahead they will make sure you have gluten free chips for you too.
Great food and good service!
I have celiac disease and felt very safe eating there.

After a  horrible day and work week, my husband and I decided to try out Blanco (the Biltmore location) for dinner.
We had been to the Blanco on Scottsdale road on a few previous occasions, but decided to venture to this location instead, to see if the experience would be any different.
My husband, baby daughter, and I arrived around 530 and the place was busy, but not yet packed.
We were seated immediately and greeted by our waiter, Nathan.
To begin, we ordered a pitcher of White wine Sangria and a Chicken Quesadilla appetizer.
Our waiter came back a little while later with our drinks and a basket of complimentary chips and salsa.
After about 25 minutes or so, the manager and our waiter came back to apologize for the wait on our appetizer and promised it would be out soon.
A couple of minutes later our Quesadilla came out and about two minutes after, our dinners arrived as well.
The manager (I can't recall her name, but she was very, very nice) apologized profusely and offered to take our appetizer off of the bill.
My husband and I had both ordered the House Specialty (Shortrib) enchiladas- it's what we order every time we go.
A few bites in, I noticed that my rice was quite mooshy.
I had intended to just eat around it, but my husband decided to mention it to our waiter, when he came back to check on us.
A few minutes later, the manager arrived with a new side of rice and again apologized.
Our waiter then came back and stated that we would be receiving a free dessert for the inconvenience.
All in all, although there were a few minor hiccups, we would definitely come back because the degree of customer service that they provided was really commendable.
Our server, Nathan, was fantastic and so too was the manager who came by to check on us.
Thank you for helping to make a horrible day/ work week better!

Drinks are great.
Food is fresh.
They say it's authentic Mexican.
I would say authentic American Mexican.

Average food, which is strange for a fox restaurant.
The service was just BAD!!!
I had a margarita and after it was finished I put it at the end of the table as kind of a hint to ask if I wanted another, no go!
After 6 pass by's from our waiter I walked to the bar to get it myself.
My wife just had water and no offers to refill.
After all that I talked to the manager and all I got was a "that's not right" then the bill came and no compensation.
Can you say One and done?

I have been to the Blanco on Scottsdale Road a bunch, but went to this location for the first time.
I went on a Friday night, and it seemed pretty busy, but we were able to get a seat on the patio very quickly (the patio was great for people watching!).
Our server was very attentive.
He brought drinks, chips and salsa right away.
The chips and salsa are amazing - the chips were very fresh and had a nice dash of salt, the salsa was a nice consistency and just a little spicy.
I normally order the slow cooked barb-b-q pork taco ... you MUST try these.
The pork is tender and sweet, there are pickled onions that add a nice tang, mmm!
This time I tried the Mexican chopped salad - it was pretty good, and a very large portion.
To be honest though, I will probably stick to the amazing tacos the next time I'm here.

We LOVE FOX restaurants in general, but it's nice that they have this Mexican restaurant thrown into the mix of their usual Italian, Steakhouses, etc.
The food here is SO GOOD!
Service is usually really good too.
Sometimes, we'll get an average server which is why didn't give the FULL 5 stars, but this is definitely a must visit!!!
The atmosphere is great with a nice patio.
It's not too awful casual in that it feels like you're dining at a pretty nice restaurant yet you could still get away with walking in in your nicer work-out attire (which I have).

This place blows!!!
Their food is uninspired, tasteless and the wait staff arrogant.
Being served cold enchiladas by a bitchy waitress is not my idea of good food or service.
There are too many fine places to eat in town to waste ones time or money on this place.
Oh!
The house margarita had little to no tequila in the drink.
What a dreadful place.

Average place, average food.
I was with a group that was craving Mexican Food, but I wasn't particularly in the mood, so I had the burger and fries,which i know it's a little odd for a Mexican Restaurant, but i put a twist to by adding jalapeño peppers and the chipotle mayo.
It was far from being a bad burger, but it was nothing special either.
The fries were a little undercooked.
The servers were nice and the food came at the expected time.
I would eat there again, it definitely wasn't a bad experience.

I was shopping at the Biltmore when I spotted this place.
I love the fact they have a pickup window.
I ordered the 2 for $6 deal on the street tacos; one chicken, one carnitas.
Wow.
Soooo good, bursting with flavor.
I couldn't decide which taco I loved more.
I'm a sucker for a good street taco and they delivered.
I'll be tempted to stop here every time I hit the Biltmore.
Super yummy.

I guess I have to admit it.
I am a fan of Sam Fox.
He seems to have the golden touch with restaurant concepts.
I mean, really, who puts two of their restaurants right next to each other?
With another one right around the corner no less!
Blanco Tacos and Tequila uses a modern check-in system for getting a table.
Nowaitapp.com registers your phone number, and sends you a text to let you know you are in line, with a link to a webpage that tells you approximately how many people are ahead of you.
Finally, they text you when your table is waiting.
How cool is that?
Toss that stupid flashing beeper thing!
Now you can shop around instead of tapping your feet nervously while glaring hungrily at the diners that just won't leave  (p.s.
I'm one of them :-)  So, we did a little Biltmore shopping while we waited to be called.
The wait was a bit over 30 minutes at 7:30pm on a balmy Friday evening.
Not bad.
We were quickly escorted to our patio table, where warm chips and tasty salsa arrived shortly thereafter.
Blanco has a fairly extensive menu of appetizers, salads, burritos, enchilada's, street tacos and chef's specials.
We started with appetizers of Esquites Street Corn and Queso Dip for the chips, with a fairly decent selection of beers both on tap and in bottles, I went with a draft Pacifico.
The wife chose a tasty Sangria.
One of my very favorite dishes is the Elote Corn appetizer served at Elote Café in Sedona.
The Street Corn at Blanco is similar, roasted corn tossed with green onions, lime and Cotija cheese, garnished with Cilantro.
The queso dip is a warm, gooey mixture of Oaxaca, Asadero and Jack Cheese.
The Street corn was good as was the queso dip, and putting them together on a chip was a match made in heaven.
For dinner the daughter went with chicken street tacos.
Three savory shredded chicken with cabbage soft tacos, garnished with Cotija cheese and served with a side of beans.
The wife had the same, but opted for fish and mushroom tacos.
They both raved about their dishes, and had to have the remains packed up for later noshing.
I had the Pork Green Chile enchiladas.
I'm kind of a green chile snob and I have to say that while this dish didn't have the hotness that I expect, it was savory and tasty.
Shredded pork and Ancho chile sauce is layered New Mexican style between two corn tortillas and garnished with lots of gooey cheese, sour cream and pico de gallo.
This dish also came with a side of beans - either black or pinto, and we had both varieties.
the beans were tasty and accompanied the dishes nicely.
Instead of the ubiquitous red rice, the rice was white and contained bits of corn and green onion.
Cooked nicely and tasted great.
Service at Blanco was top-notch.
Our server was knowledgeable about the menu items and made good recommendations.
She made sure our drinks were full and stopped by several times to check up on us, just making sure we were okay, without being intrusive.
Overall, I'd say this is totally gringo-ized and more geared to those that don't want hot and spicy, but do want a decent meal.
Our dishes were flavorful without overpowering any sensitivities and we all agreed that it would be return-worthy.

My wife and I have been here a few times now.
We really love it here.
Tonight we had the street corn and the nachos and quesadilla.
All amazing.
Previously we have had the enchiladas also very good.
We don't drink but I have hear from friends that do that the mixed drinks are great.
The complementary chips are salsa are really fresh and tasty.
The atmosphere is casual.
The place is huge and the best time to go is late afternoon.
They don't accept reservations.
We will be back often.

Saw this place on the way to our favorite- Seasons 52, and we were excited to try it.
The place had a nice feel to it, good crowd inside and out on the patio setting the mood.
Didn't live up to the setup.
The host stand was being held down by what looked to be middle schoolers who were friendly enough but just getting into the workforce and still getting it all figured out...works at Red Lobster but doesn't really match expectations here.
Patio was full so they put us at a table that borders the kitchen.
Usually I don't really get bothered by that but  think it was just a little too close cause I felt like we were just short of being in the action - felt like I was back trying to make the adults table as an adolescent.
The food- good menu with a lot of options.
Waitress made sure to let us know that the tacos were 'street' type which is supposed to be I guess small but really these things were piled high with ingredients but I'm getting ahead of the review.
The appetizers looked like they were going to be a great start and we picked the Ceviche and the Roasted Corn dishes.
Now I'm a bit of a Ceviche connoisseur  so I always apprehensively order this dish knowing it's one of those signature dishes that the sous chef gets to prove to the big man that hiring him was the right decision.
Should have used Jobbing.com instead of Craig's list.
I like a South American version like the one served at Ra.
This is really the Rocky Pointe version you get at a number of places there or a strip buffet.
Didn't really appeal to me.
The tacos came after a really long wait which is unexpected when you order 'Street Tacos' as usually this dish comes fast.
We did get the option to mix & match which we did.
Fish, Carne Asada, baja chicken were my selections.
As I mentioned, the only thing street about them was the undersized corn tortilla they came on but the three of them filled an oversize plate so don't order these thinking you are saving room for a quick stop at The cheese cake factory on the way out.
Stick with the fish tacos- this was by far the best and on their own were the only real positive part of the dinner and pushed this review to 3 stars.
I started with that one and the other two were just filler from there- plenty of it but not all that memorable.
Still looking for a good street taco place- going to try Joy Ride next....

If Sam Fox -- armed with his bevy of outrageously attractive servers, compelling interior design and people-pleasing menu items -- can't make a restaurant work in this spot, then no one can.
Blanco is like the 4th or 5th name applied to this strangely dead zone in a really hot location over the last few years.
As has been my experience in about half my visits to FRC (Fox Restaurant Concepts) places, there was a mild service issue.
In this case a friend's order was forgotten twice.
To be fair, we were seated at the bar on a busy Friday night.
The manager comped his meal to make up for it.
That was nice.
What wasn't as nice was needing to stare at someone's discarded bowl of guac sitting in front of me just behind the bar for the entire visit.
Guess they need more help for busy times.
Otherwise can't complain about much here.
It's a Sam Fox take on gringo-Mex.
The carne asada tacos were as expected.
I'm convinced no one in Phoenix really wants authentic anything when it comes to Mexican, so here you'll be enjoying good-Mex-as-envisioned-by-account-manager-visiting-from-Chicago.
And there's really nothing wrong with that.
It's not cheap, but the ingredients are good and nicely arranged.

This spot just doesn't do it for me.
Flavors fall short.
Vegetables are over cooked and soggy.
The service is fine.
The location is nice.
Overall the food was mediocre.

The food is decent.
I had the house specialty enchilada.
The bloody Mary I had was good, but small.
The service was terrible.
Took what seemed like ages for a refill, and finally had to give our card to another waiter because our server was nowhere to be found.
Other tables were having similar problems.
We even saw one man and woman going to the server station and filling their own drinks!
Won't be back.

Came in twice on a recent visit to Phoenix and both times were awesome!
On the first visit, we ordered the Nachos Queso Blanco which were deliciously creamy and cheesy, and the Famous Guacamole, and they aren't lyin - it's famous for a reason!
I was not a fan of the celery in the Ceviche we ordered but that is just personal preference.
On the second visit, we ordered the Queso Fundido and the cheese was yummy and stringy and the toppings really made each bite pop!
There is a reason we visited here twice and I hope to visit for a third time again soon!

I am disappointed by my visit to this restaurant.
As a tequila drinker who loves Mexican food, I had high hopes.
I was Initially insulted by our drinks.
I ordered a Corzo on the rocks.
The 1 oz serving which I was given was watered down by at least 50% and my husband's classic margarita was all mix.
My tacos were overly salty, but the beans were very good.

Margaritas amazing.
White Peach is amazing.
Place is clean.
Mello music.
Beautiful design & service is very friendly.
Open layout.i had no problems.

To me this is like all Fox restaurants, the concept is wonderful, the execution..meh.
This was my first visit.
I had the enchilada.
We were warned that the enchilada was "stacked", and I'm ok with that.
Actually, the enchilada and how it was served was really good.
I liked the small cast iron pan that was perfectly sized to a corn tortilla.
The cheese, lots of it and melty too.
The sauce, that was where this took a drastic turn for the worse.
Enchilada means "in chili".
The sauce wasn't chili, I'm not sure it was even something like red pepper, maybe more tomato, and sweet not savory.
Had this had a more authentic chili sauce on it, it would have been my new favorite and it would have been incredible.
I'm probably lucky it didn't because I can still fit through the door.
As for the service, location, atmosphere...those are all good, but I go to a restaurant to eat, not look around.

Atmosphere is nice and we had good service but the food left much to be desired.
The guac and street corn were probably the highlights and much better than most of the entrees.
I'd come back for 1/2 off HH, but not for full dinner.

Wife's food good.
Mine fair.
Waitress bad !
Parked in adjacent parking lot , waitress to validate parking ticket, didn't and couldn't leave parking lot.
This sucks!
Can't even buy ticket !
Had to back and get ticket/ token to leave!
Not going back!

Fox concept restaurants are always if nothing else classy and the outdoor environment at the Biltmore is fabulous.
The aesthetic of the restaurant and the our waiter was fantastic.
Great service, friendly and accommodating.
The Margaritas were on point.
My son, husband and I all tried the tacos and got the nachos as a appetizer.
I would say they were ok. Good but not amazing.
The main reason for my 3 star review is the price.
I felt like it was just too high.
Sunday lunch ran us over $100.
I wouldn't say I was disappointed but I could definitely find better for cheaper in the central Phoenix area.
Parking is easy here and they validate for the first hour.

Solid place, needs to smooth out rough edges.
What I mean by that is the wait staff and the blonde woman bartender.
But over all, solid guacamole, good food so a must try and see for yourself.
The atmosphere is trendy/rustic Mexican feel.
With a few tv's in the building.
A patio for fun in the sun with friends or your pootches.

I've only been to the bar here, twice now?
they dont have ginger ale... nor do they have ginger beer...this upsets me greatly.

Got the wrong meal twice.
Asked to talk to the GM who was just as douchey as our waiter.
Food was good, when we FINALLY got the right dish.
Won't go back.
Prefer friendly service.
Just because you work for a Fox restaurant, doesn't make you ant cooler than someone working for Applebee's.
You are still a server working for tips.
I hope you enjoyed our $2.
Get over yourself.

Guess this just is not my kind of place.
Concept resto and I don't get the concept.
Food marginal.
Drinks worse.
Won't be back

I heard about this place from a friend who had been to the Scottsdale location and decided to try out the biltmore one since it's closest to where I live downtown.
Had two happy hour margaritas....blood orange and Pom grapefruit.
No complaints at all.
Had the two drinks and free chips and salsa...bartenders were all attentive and polite.
Will be back.

As huge fans of 80% of Sam Fox's restaurants (we don't eat meat), the Blanco at the Biltmore has a nice feel.
Normally we dine at their Scottsdale location and we miss Kelly Courson their Manager who moved to their newer Henry's restaurant.
The one thing we do notice at most of Sam's restaurants is that the Chef's seem to have different spins on their standard dishes.
Hence there can be disappointments and we have shared this at TFK in the past.
So of course there was a misunderstanding on a salad prep.
Marlo the Manager came over and could not have been more gracious about it all.
This while she was scratching her head why their Fish Salad comes as a chopped salad and the chopped salad does not.
Go figure!
Yet here is where Fox outshines most any other eatery here.
Their ability to attract talent and get these people into management positions is stellar.
Marlo was so earnest and  genuine in her TLC with us.
Outstanding !!!!
So yes there are some discrepancies, yet when the rubber meets the road, the Fox people are the BEST!!

Decent service, good food.
However I have to admit seeing all this dust everywhere throughout the restaurant especially on my booth was pretty gross.
I'm amazed how this went unnoticed.
I took it upon myself to leave a little note.
The server saw me and the dust and commented "hahaha yeah there's a lot of dust here.
" Wooooooow really?

Had time for a bite while waiting for an appointment at the apple store so the girlie and I came in here.
We both got the house specialty, short rib enchilada.
I had the berry mojito and she had some other vodka drink.
The food was amazing!
I especially liked the rice, which had a light lime/cilantro flavor.
The beans weren't my favorite.
The enchilada was really good.
It wasn't your standard enchilada you get anyplace, had a little different flavor in the sauce, but I like that.
I like variety and appreciate different places making things their own.
Our server was very nice and good.
We were in a slight hurry due to our appointment but we told her when we ordered and asked if she could bring boxes and the check along with the food.
She might not have liked that, but if she had a problem with it, we certainly couldn't tell.
The only prob were the prices, $50 for lunch for two is a little high, but in hindsight, one meal would have easily fed us both.
Next time I want to get the ceviche.
Looked fantastic!

Possibly one of the worst dinner services I've had in a long time.
Went there to celebrate a friend's birthday, about 12 people all together.
The waitress was mediocre at best.
We had to ask her for more chips, salsa, and refills on water.
She was hardly paying attention to the table.
She took forever to take our order.
When we arrived the restaurant was steady but started to clear out.
Everyone arrived between 730-8pm.
So by the time we ordered the restaurant was pretty dead, maybe 8 tables if that were there with what seemed to be a full staff.
I ordered a mojito, a classic drink, when it got to my table it tasted and looked horrible.
There was no muddled mint in it at all, it looked like a dash of chopped mint.
And the taste was horrid, it tasted like a bad sweet n sour mix.
I sent it back and asked for their berry mojito.
That was just as bad.
It had 2 black berris in it.
Again no muddled mint or even muddled berries.
It was bad!
I didn't even want to send it back again because I knew it was going to come back horrible.
By the time the food came out everyone was pretty hungry.
However that became an even bigger issue.
Half of the tables food was just warm.
Not even hot!
So my friend caught the waitress and asked her to warm up her cheese crisp, and pointed out that half the tables food was cold.
The waitress said she'd have a new one made for her and sent the manger over.
He came over and she stressed that half the tables food was cold and was very dissatisfied.
He apologized and said he'd take care of it.
They brought her out a new plate, everyone else sat there and waited with cold food in front of them.
After about 10 min of waiting, my boyfriend caught the waitress and expressed his unhappiness with her service and then expressed his dissatisfaction with the food being cold, she specifically said that everyone's food was being remade.
After waiting another good 10 min he caught the manger and asked where the food was.
The manner has no idea what he was talking about, and said he never promised to remake food.
At that point my boyfriend was furious.
He stated how is it they would remake one person's food, but not the rest when they were specially pointed out too.
Also how could they possibly send out like warm food when the restaurant was empty!
The manager had no explanation.
A complete waste of time.
I will never be venturing back to Blanco tacos.
The food was mediocre.
The rice was full of butter, no other flavor, it felt like I was eating a stick of it.
The charro beans had no flavor.
A complete let down from Fox restaurant concepts.

45 min wait for pork tacos ...
Went there With my friend for a quick bite...
Even though the place was not busy at all, service was Very slow and the food took a Very long time.
Flavor was nothing special.
For sure we won't go back.

My lunch at Blanco had its ups and downs.
My aunt and I met at the mall for lunch here and I was so excited for Mexican food!
It was a good crowd for a weekday lunch but they earned some points for accommodating our request for a booth.
They brought us chips and salsa right away, which is always excellent.
Unfortunately, there was a miscommunication with our guacamole order, so it came out about 20 minutes after we ordered and about 5 minutes before our lunch entrees were delivered.
I was disappointed with the guacamole; it had very little flavor and could have benefited from a healthy dose of salt and lots more cilantro.
My meal, though, was excellent.
I got the green poblano pork burrito, which had the most tender, moist, and flavorful pork I have ever had.
There wasn't much else in the burrito, but that was fine with me.
Yes, as another reviewer pointed out, the main flavor of the rice is butter, but it is abated nicely when eaten with the black beans on the side.
The food was inconsistent and the service was only ok.
I would probably try another restaurant at this mall before repeating at Blanco, but I would definitely order that pork burrito from there again!

I are here last week for lunch and thought it was excellent.
I had the chicken mole and guacamole side.
Really enjoyed the regional take on the mole and the guacamole was really really good.
Service was excellent.
Can't think of a single reason to rate this down.

I have eaten here a couple of times in the last month...once for dinner and once for lunch.
Both times the food was very good - we especially liked the guacamole and chips !
I had the braised tacos for dinner and the green pork enchilada for lunch and would recommend either one.
There is a very nice manager ( his name is Daniel ) that was so helpful and he stopped by to check on us a couple of times...it seemed like the wait staff enjoyed working with him and the place was high energy and fun !

Excellent service.
Delicious house made chips and tortillas.
Tried the Mexican corn- yum.
Sampled the BBQ pork tacos and fish tacos on corn and flour tortillas respectively- would recommend both.
Our server was extremely attentive.
Will be back.
Have not been disappointed with any Fox restaurants.
Very welcoming decor.
Great lunch or dinner stop when near the Biltmore.

