Went to Grand Opening, nice staff, good food.
The outside patios take it up a notch from the other Cave Creek venues.
Looks like they are trying hard with lots of entertainment scheduled.
Best of luck to Hogs and Horses!

It was a great place to go and have some fun.
Watched some bull riding and barrel racing in the arena out back as well, that was nice.
When you walk in there is a full bar with tables to eat as well and a stage for a live band.
When you walk out back there's a decent patio with heaters at night and there's an upper deck with a bar where you can watch the bull riding and barrel racing.
I recommend ordering your food from the top deck bar if you eat, it's much quicker.
The food was what you would expect at a bar, nothing special but it was good.
I ordered a hamburger.
The band the played was good with a good house sound system, they typically play country.
A lot of cowboys there!

We were there Sunday, January 26th, for a chili cook-off.
This was my first and LAST visit.
I will start by saying that the downstairs staff and bartender were friendly and the service was decent.
As for the upstairs bartender (female), well that's a different story!
I ordered food from her for myself and my Dad.
Our food evidently made it to the upstairs bar and sat just sat there.
Eventually, about 45 minutes after I put my order in, the bartender came over and asked if the food was mine (it was) and then tried telling me that her bus boy checked with everyone on the deck if it was theirs.
This was obviously not true, because I had not left my seat this entire time.
Bartender asked if we still wanted the food (after it had been sitting on top of the bar for at least 30) and I said no, we weren't going to eat cold food.
She just spun around and took off.
She must have decided we didn't want ANY food, because after about 10 minutes passed, I decided that I better make double sure she had put the order back in.
She HAD NOT!
I again made it clear that we were famished, and YES she should put the order back in.
Again, I got the same surely attitude from her.
After another 30 or so minutes, I went back to the bar to check on the delay and much to my dismay, was told YET AGAIN, that the order had not been placed!!!
It was like she was absent for the 2 earlier conversations we'd had.
Third strike - I took me, my Dad, and the other 10 or so people with me to a neighboring establishment, where I was treated to great food and friendly fast service.
Hogs n Horses missed out on an additional $500 bar and food tab.
(By the way, I was told by the neighboring establishment that they seem to get a lot of disgruntled customers from Hogs & Horses, which didn't surprise me.

Very disappointing.
We made a reservation for 12 of us at 7:00pm on a Friday night.
The atmosphere and bull riding is the highlight of this place.
Our waitress tried very hard, but after 2 hours we still did not have our food?
We ordered chicken fingers and onion rings, really 2 hours.
After the first hour they put the order back through and said it should come right out, after another hour we finally asked the manager what was going on and his response was "sorry" these things happen.
No comp on anything.
We then went over to Buffalo Chip and had our food in 15 minutes.
Will not be back and will let all of our local friends know.

We went here for the first time last weekend.
Although drink service is fine, forget about the food.
The menu has very limited choices, but it doesn't really matter because only a few actually get food served to them.
We waited for appetizers for a couple of hours while watching the entertainment and NEVER got our order.
No apologies, just attitude.
On our way out we encountered more people that had the same experience.
Too many other options to bother returning here.

Had a wonderful time while visiting family in Carefree.
Wonderful staff including the General Manager, Mark.
Got to meet the owner, TC.
He is a famous buffalo trainer.

Somehow my original review was taken down from Yelp, so I am writing this update.
I was never contacted by the restaurant through Yelp as far as I can tell.

This is what I sent to Hogs and Horses, but never got a response.
First off I would like to say I have never ever given a bad review on a restaurant before, which I was about to do on Yelp.
I decided to contact your restaurant first.
My Family went to Hogs and Horses on a Friday night for some food and entertainment...We liked the atmosphere and everything was great until we ordered dinner.
The food took over 45 minutes to start arriving.
I can understand that since we had seperate checks that everyone's food came out at different times, but my family's dinner got served to a whole other table.
It took them about 10 minutes to figure out and then they grabbed the food and brought to our table saying they can remake, but would take a while.
We were starving so ended up eating the cold burgers except for my wife, because her burger was already eaten by the other table.
Who knows what else they ate off our plates.
At this time a manager should have been by our table and addressed the issue.
No manager came by at this time and the server instead of rushing my wifes food they just rang in another one, which was pushed back behind all the other orders.
It wasn't until there was another problem at our table that my sister in law insisted the server get a manager.
The manger came out and about 30 minutes after we all ate my wife got her burger.
He offered to take 25% off our bill, which we were happy with.
We were very understanding and just let everything slide.
Now the next day when I looked over my bill I noticed I was charged for not only the food we ate, but the burger the next table over ate as well.
This place is very unorganized and unprofessional.
Don't know how a restaurant can drop off a families entire order to the wrong table and it go unnoticed for so long, especially when burgers are taking over 45 minutes to come out.
I still can't get over how they just went over to the table and took the food out of there hands and then gave to us.
We will NEVER go here again.
I attached a copy of our bill showing we were charged for 2 hamburgers with sweet potato fries.
I would at least like to be refunded for the burger we didn't even eat.

I  decieded to visit the new place in Cave Creek.
I noticed the reviews were either good or bad.
I did not go on a weekend because I wanted to miss the crowds as they have some entertainment during the week.
The menu was limited but what they served was very good and plenty to eat.
The Wednesday night entertaiment was great .
Kept me there for a couple hours

dont order food here, takes way to long to get food.
drinks are over priced and it seems all they are trying to do is copy surrounding bars.
they do have an awesome band that plays.

