Went here for the opening night to see how much change they made to Wild Knight.
As we walk in there are couple people waiting in line we stood besides them and waited to get in.
While we are waiting the door go let about 50 people in from the other side because he knew them.
All of the sudden everyone was his friend.
He is dumb enough to understand that People are using him.
Even the managers don't care that this kind of thing happens.
They should be fair to everyone since everyone goes there to have Drink with their friends and have a good time.
The unfairness at the door kills all the excitement about this place.
Finally after 30 min of wait we went inside to meet with some friends and have a good time.
As I walked in, the club looked colorful because of the lights in the ceiling, there were booths on the left side and pretty open space in the middle.
I liked it a lot.
It is more of a dance club than table service.
This is something which Arizona was missing and it is a great addition to the city.
I can't wait to see some world class dj at this place.
Well done guys.
As for door guys goes hopefully management sees this and make a change to that   Two weeks ago this place changed their door policy and door guys.
I think themed hired someone from outside who is not connected to the same Scottsdale crowd which goes to every other bar without getting IDed.
Also everyone has to wait in the same line unless you have a table.
Which is a big plus for Scottsdale.
Thank you for bringing great changes to this town.
I hope other bars and clubs  will follow

It was actually easy getting in on a Saturday night, there wasn't a line and there was no cover charge.
The guys at the front were very easy going and friendly.
Once you walk in there's a bar on the right and then another bar at the far end of the club.
There's a large dance floor in between and a few couches to sit in and open areas to mingle and chat in.
There's also a reserved area on top (2nd level) to the left of the club.
There weren't any lines at the bathrooms and they were beautiful and clean.
The drinks were decently priced and tasted great, a nice combo!
One of the few AMF's that I've actually liked, and $10.
So not too bad!
The club itself wasn't as packed as I'd liked it to be.
For instance if it's a dance floor and you stand at one end - when you look through the crowd dancing you should not see the other side.
That's how I like it.
And The Mint, Maya, and Red Revolver can get that packed but this place wasn't (and on a Saturday night, gosh!).
It also had a friendly vibe, not much of a wink wink hey what's up, everyone seemed to be dancing with their homies.
The crowd was also 95% white, not that it's a problem but some people like variety.
Like variety?
Go to The Mint or Smashboxx.
The male to female ratio was decent, go ahead laugh but you know that's also important.
Something this place does right is class.
It's streamlined, and the decor and setting is spot on for a laid back and nice club.
Also, this place has an outdoor patio for those that need it.
I'll be back with friends.
But if I'm going alone for a hot night, I'd much rather spend it at The Mint or Maya.

Went here over the St. Patty's day weekend I was going to to go Maya but they were "Only letting people in who bought table for the next 2 hours" verbatim from bouncer this was at 10:15pm with me and literally 7 other people in line.
So yeah wasn't staying and waiting there.
It's right across from Maya seen that there wasn't any line we actually got a pass for free entry  and 1 free drink from some guy on the street.
We get in for free and go straight to the bar.
Is not the biggest place but the lay out is very nice.
Nice sized dance floor more women than men (it eventually evened out) that actually WANTED to dance with you.
They play mostly EDM which is ok and the music was BUMPING the bass would shake your body literally and their VIP area shakes when a nice bass drop happens.
It never really got packed to the point you are bumping into people left and right which is good.
Drink prices are kind of high.
Jameson shots were 8 bucks but I still had a good time will definitely come here again.
Bouncers were friendly staff was attentive.
Everyone there seem to just want to have a good time real good vibe.

Somehow I was on the email list, so I entered to win 6 entries to see a DJ on a Wednesday night.
I won, I showed up with a friend at 8:58pm it was freezing outside, the email said they opened at 9pm, they would not let us in, so we went to Bottled Blonde, everywhere we looked the places had a lot of people so we were like alright we'll kill some time and go back.
We went back at like 9:15, it was just us and 2 other people in the whole place.
Eventually the 2 other people waved us over, we chatted with them for awhile, a group of people came in and then left.
We finally decided to leave at like 10:20, there was still no one in the place.
Everywhere else we looked and went right there had people.
Dierks Bentley was packed as in standing room only.
El Hefe had people, the derby place had people but for some reason this place was empty.
It was very nice inside the seating is comfortable and it has a huge dance floor.
The email also said there would be some sort of promotional gift bag, that didn't happen, and the only time the staff talked to us was when we were leaving the very odd guys that were there...they were more trying to get them to buy a bottle, so we just left.
Maybe on the weekends and when there are people there it's a fun/great experience but my experience personally was not that great.
Turned out to be a pretty amusing story based on the people we talked with but that's not relevant to the review.

Checked place out this weekend and had an absolute blast!
Not sure if DJ is a regular, but we loved the house/dance vibe and will definitely be back.
Venue is smaller then other places in area, but personally I think this is a big plus.
Acoustics and sound are really good, and the open dance floor and high ceilings make for a fun but not too claustrophobic atmosphere.
I hear place gets some bigger DJs now and then and will keep my eye on website for that now.

Def one of my fav places to stop by in Scottsdale.
Bartenders arent that great tho, VERY stingy with the alcohol.

Ended up checking out this place for one of Raven's events, so I'm not sure the crowd would be the same like you see in some of the photos on the website.
It's a pretty basic club with quite a few VIP areas scattered about the small rectangular shaped club.
They have two bars and beer prices were reasonable at $5 for a bottle of Bud light and $5 cover charge.
The VIP lined the small upper level and also was clogging the back bar area, but if it's not crowded, it's not a big deal.
Sound system is quite impressive and having the back patio to escape and watch the street madness is nice.
You probably won't be going here unless your under 30, but it's not a fancy place and pretty down to earth in terms of Scottsdale clubs and prices.

We went on a Saturday night.
This club seems to be for the 18-25 yrs.
old (yes, I'm in my 20's) .
The crowd was diverse (not like in their website photos), and I appreciate that most.
Maybe I'm getting older, but the music here was so loud that both of my ears hurt.
I wasn't the only one who suffered from that.
The music was all hip hop.
If you're feeling young or are young, this is your place.

Wednesday night, latin dance event.
There were about 40-50 people there for the opening night.
Good DJ who I know from elsewhere, we were having a fine time until suddenly the lights came on at 11:20 and management closed the place down due to "not enough liquor sales at the bar".
Well okay then, alcohol was pricey and bartenders were stingy anyway.
Never again.

