I think Edinburgh's Christmas is so lovely, and even better than last year's German Christmas markets!
I like that rides don't dominate Princes St Gardens as much this year, and there are many more nice chalets selling pretty gifts and yummy, wintry treats.
I think the quality has gone up a lot and also like that the Christmas markets are even bigger and better with the new location in St Andrew's Square and, today, throughout George Street for the 'lights on' event.
Christmas music abounded everywhere with live bands, singing and bagpipes.
It comes together as a fantastic Christmas market that rivals many throughout Europe, and we're lucky to have it here!

I do love the Christmas market but I think this year there is quite a lot of repetition in the stalls on Princes St & in St Andrews square.
It doesn't feel as cramped as last year's market which is why it gets 4 stars instead of 3.
Maybe that's mean & a tad bah humbug but it's the vibe I'm feeling now I've been a couple of times  Also, there's not as much of a funfair this year either which is disappointing.

Not wowed at all.
Overcrowded, over priced and probably missing a severe dose of 'authentic Christmas market'.
It is all change this year and now in St Andrews Sq as well as near the galleries on Princes St.  We tried to go to the Princes St one but despite people streaming out, then security wouldn't let anyone in.
It wasn't worth the wait or the queueing as we wanted to grab some mulled wine before heading home so we hopped over to St Andrews Sq.
Again, crowded, full of kids and buggies being rammed into the ankles at a time when it would normally be bed and bath-time for most small kids.
Also, I can imagine being a small person in a buggy that it would be pretty terrifying when all you can see are crowds of legs as you are pushed through the busy market.
Shame on the parents.
It's pretty much full of booze and fried food (not ideal if you are GF) and I stayed for one mulled wine before legging it home.
So, if anyone does read this who organises the damn thing then a few points for consideration:  1.
What about having a market where the mulled wine is pretty decent and not over priced?
Chestnuts roasted - not just on an open fire but in European markets or have the nut allergy police killed that?
Times set so kids can enjoy the market then they bugger off to let the adults drink the nice mulled wine without it being worn on them after a collision with a buggy... 4.
Better food options - lots of repetition and same retailers as those popping up at other events held in the city throughout the year so nothing much that is new.
Just make it more local friendly and accessible!
Wouldn't consider myself to be bah-humbug, but having been to continental Christmas markets, this doesn't stack up...

I had a brief visit to the Edinburgh Christmas markets following the last run for my running group this year.
after a fun relay race we all headed off to the markets in search of mulled wine and festive spirit.
now i'm usually a huge fan of the christmas markets!
they generally full of festive fun, mulled drinks, and people having a good time.
but this year i felt like something was lacking.
i felt like the usual christmas atmosphere was missing and while there were people there it didn't look like anyone was having a great time!
in fact the markets seemed fairly quiet, although this could have been due to it being a monday night.
while a non-crowded market is appealing as no one was pushing into me or stepping on my toes, there just seemed to be a lack of christmas spirit.
there is all the usual food and drink stalls, but i'm pretty sure everything is about a pound pricier than it was last year.
especially the drinks... i had a hot apple toddy, which while nice i'm not convinced was worth the £4.50 i paid for it.
the mug it came in was small and it hardly tasted like any alcohol was in the drink at all.
also what happened to the cute shoe mugs they used to have?
the edinburgh christmas branded ones are dull and way over commercialised...  so overall i'm rather disappointed with the markets this year.
it doesn't feel like edinburgh's usual christmas fun and i'm hoping that the new company running the markets realises this and changes the markets back to what they used to be!

I LOVE CHRISTMAS!
I am a Christmas bean.
I start feeling Christmassy in October.
I just... oooooh, I love it I love it I love it.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
I'm infuriating to be around.
I bounce everywhere.
I - aw, hell, I flipping JINGLE.
Alas.
Heartbreak.
Christmas has been put up for sale and now it has a logo.
It's such a shame, because Edinburgh's Christmas as it is this year COULD be amazing, but it fails to add up to even half the sum of its parts.
It's been widely reported that due to the organisers doubling the fee for a stall, many vendors from previous years were unable to return, and that those that could have put their prices up.
I couldn't find a hugely noticeable difference between the craft vendors this year and last year; a few changes, but many things the same (little robot men, wooden nutcrackers, tea-light holders, cheese).
The prices are indeed noticeably higher, but it's the comestibles where the event really falls down.
The Beasts of Branding have descended.
If you decide you want mulled wine, or mulled cider, there's no sense of spontaneity, because it's the same stall as the one a few yards further back.
All that fun of exploration and discovery has turned into a sense of being channeled through a pathway designed to take your money and nothing else.
No worries if you miss something here, it'll come along again a bit further.
The corral-style enclosure up at St Andrew's Square, meanwhile, feels like the worse parts of the Fringe, with hordes cramped into a temporary structure designed for - well, just drinking.
Consume and be gone.
The ferris wheel is enclosed - no more chill winter winds, "our cheeks are nice and rosy", clinging to one another and squeaking in thrilled terror at the height of the thing.
The Starflyer looks like excellent fun, and I nearly went on it, but I watched it a few times and seriously, it's not up there for very long.
Not as long as I'd hope for £7.
Then, down in "Santa Land", there's the £4 Christmas Tree Maze for kiddies.
It looks super-pretty at night-time, all sparkly and lit up, but it doesn't look like much of a maze.
I imagine it takes 5 minutes, tops, for any kid to find their way in and out solo.
That said, I really love the Santa Train.
Such a cute idea.
Oh, it's such a shame.
There really isn't much that saves the situation, this year.
But I know that Underbelly are capable of doing some fabulous things so if they hang on to the contract for next year I hope they're able to take some of the criticisms on board, because beyond the hysteria of people just yelling "IT'S RUBBISH" (no, come on, folks, it isn't - did you SEE Milton Keynes' disaster this year?
Perspective, in all things) there are some valid points being made that could see this turn into something really quite lovely.
Consistency and coherence are not bad things, but when it comes to a sense of fun and Christmassy spirit, they have to be done right.

I must speak of the wobbly stone.
Every day for three days, I would meet my girlfriend outside of the Edinburgh's Christmas fair (or simply called Edinburgh Christmas--copy/pasted from here on in).
I found this loose tile in the sidewalk a few feet from the gateway.
It was mildly distracting to balance upon said stone and wobble back and forth while I waited.
I didn't move until she arrived.
And when she did, we would turn and, locked in arms, pass under the arch of the Christmas fair.
What an amazing stroke of luck.
The day after I arrived in Edinburgh, the Edinburgh Christmas fair opened up.
Occupying most of Princes Street Gardens, the Edinburgh Christmas is basically dozens of booths selling various foods and trinkets with the odd Christmas themed recreational event thrown in for good measure.
This includes an ice rink, a Ferris wheel, a carousel and a theater which I never entered.
The main draws are the booths, dozens of them.
A few other reviews have been critical of the event, claiming that it's lost some its charm.
What these people don't appreciate is how impressive the event is when compared to others found in smaller venues...like my home town.
What I'm saying is that even if the Edinburgh Christmas has lost some appeal, it still remains an amazing attraction if one finds him or herself in Edinburgh in the winter.
What I appreciate the most is that the Edinburgh Christmas caters to those wishing to wander in a chilly but not uncomfortable evening for a few hours looking for unique experiences to enjoy.
I strolled through the fair several times during my vacation and found it satisfying each time.
I admit there is considerable duplication; several vendors market identical items such as candle holders and hats at identical prices.
However, there are still numerous unique booths you'd have to search to find.
Only one sells authentic big pretzels while another singular table sells novelty notebooks and iPad covers.
I bought three wheels of cheese from one vender near the entrance.
A personal favorite were a pair of boisterous men with beards selling various foreign chocolates, exclaiming them to the passing crowds.
Excluding the novelty shops, I must take moment to talk about the food venders, selling everything from mulled wine, to cotton candy, to French crepes drenched in molten nutella, to bratwurst as long as your arm.
Although some people refer to this as a German festival, I noticed as many representations from the Netherlands.
I enjoyed poffertjes and the aforementioned French crepes drenched in hazelnut chocolate sauce.
The girlfriend and I took a ride on the Ferris wheel, lifting us into an amazing vista of Edinburgh's horizon a few minutes after sunset.
And it feels like Christmas.
I bought the novelty notebook.
I bought the wheels of cheese.
I enjoyed the Polish krakowska.
If I had more time, I could have purchased more, eaten more, regardless of how disappointing this festival was over others which Edinburgh boasts.
I would have taken the girlfriend on the carousel she so badly wanted to ride.
If this what accounts for a small fair--a disappointing fair--then I cannot wait to return to Edinburgh in the future and see what their good fairs look like.

This year the Scottish Market and the German/European Market got given the blanket title of "Edinburgh's Christmas.
"  Overall, it was nice.
Some bits nicer than other.
However, I noticed this year that a number of the stalls got repetitive in offerings.
The bit on St. Andrew's Square with the Scottish foods and beers, etc.
was great.
The area near the National Gallery was also nice.
My favorite bit was the cherry mulled wine at the Ice Rink Bar!

