Reasonable product, well priced but absolutely abysmal customer service.
Ordered $4,000 of rubber flooring to be shipped to Canada brokerage and customs to be dealt with at their end.
Paid extra in shipping to get priority shipping 'guaranteed' by the 19th.
Not sure how much extra the priority was but total shipping was $1700 to ship over a ton of material.
Shipper lost the shipment and seemed to make no effort to let us know or correct the problem.
Shipment was found after the 23rd which was the date we needed the product for and why we paid for priority shipping.
These things happen and shippers screw up.I was tracking and brought to their attention that my shipment stopped moving and the delivery day kept extending out.
At that point I was put in touch with a 'manager'.
The only way I could reach the manager was to contact the sales rep who would track down the 'manager'.
The manager may have made one call to me from 10 or so that she promised, either did not return messages or never got them, never picked up her own phone.
I always had to phone or email her.
The shipment arrived but I was now promised a refund on the priority, 'guaranteed' shipping.
Again I had to phone repeatedly to get an eventual mere $200.
I doubt very much this covers what was paid.
As well the product ordered was in rolls of 50' x 4' rubber mat.
Two of the rolls were actually cut into 2 pieces so were something like a 30' and a 20' piece sold as one roll of 50'.
I asked for compensation for this but it was never addressed.
I also received no documentation on customs and brokerage.
There would have been a Canadian tax paid but no documentation was offered on the amount despite repeated requests.
This is important as we can claim this tax portion back but not without documentation.
If you order some simple items and don't have any shipping problems it may be fine with this outfit.
If you run into any snags the customer service to fix it is lacking to the point of being near noon existent.
Good luck with that.

Horrendous customer service once they get your order!!
!I was promised delivery on a certain day.
I returned home from an overseas trip to be available for this delivery.
Once I get home they send an email that the delivery won't arrive for another two weeks.
I called the customer service number and Kim said "I can see where you were told that.
I'm sorry.
This won't ship for another two weeks.
There is nothing I can do to help you.
"  Then silence.
I asked for the manager and instead of being transferred I was disconnected.
On their website it states that "If your experience with us is anything less than amazing, then call me.
" So I called the Sales and Customer Service Department Head Sean Conyette.
No one ever answered that phone.
Ever.
I left several messages.
No one ever returned my call.
They do answer the sales line though.
I called that number and spoke to Alicia who said she would get my salesman Andrew.
Again, during the transfer I was disconnected.
A few days later I spoke to Whitney at ext 5007.
She seemed alarmed at what had happened and assured me the behavior would be "confronted"  I remember that word because it seemed harsh.
She promised to investigate how the order could be expedited and gave me her contact information.
She said she expected to know something within the hour and would call.
She never did.
I did call and email her back but again the phone was never answered and the emails were never replied to.
I don't know why it took me so long to figure out they didn't care.
I suppose it was because I have never encountered such a complete lack of regard for customers once they get your money.
I have also begun to question the validity of the customer feedback on their website.
That is a website they control.
They may even begin putting feedback on yelp.

I ordered samples of carpet tiles which came quickly and were a decent quality, so I decided to order the product.
Shipping time was 7-10 business days, so it would arrive in the time frame I would need them.
After ordering I rechecked the status two days later only discover that the shipping date had been changed to a month later than expected.
I was never contacted about the change and only discovered it when I went to check my account status.
I called the company to cancel order since I needed something sooner.
I was told that they would charge me a 20% restocking fee in order to cancel the order.
I asked how they could possibly restock something that they don't have in the first place.
I was told that they have started the process to make the carpet for me.
Yeah, right it doesn't take a month to make a couple hundred dollars in carpet tiles.
She was unwilling to help saying they had to charge the 20% until I told her I would simply deny the charge on my credit card.
They did give me a full refund, but I shouldn't have to argue with a customer service agent when they did not follow the time frame given on their website.
Just out of curiosity I re-checked the delivery time on the website and they are still advertising 7-10 days on a product that isn't in stock.
I was only ordering one box each of purple and black, so it is not like my order was greater than stock on hand.
I would buy else where.
I ended up ordering something nicer and cheaper on O stock.
Buyer beware.

I placed an order for rubber floor tiles.
ok price.
Was told it would ship within 7 days.
I contacted them every 2nd day and each time the shipping date was confirmed.
On the day it was supposed to ship the big surprise then when I was told that it would take another WEEK to prepare it for shipping..
Absolutely abysmal.... Don't deal with them.

Excellent Company.
The people are very helpful and friendly on the phones.
The prices were the best I found too.

Outstanding experience!
We ordered flex tiles for our garage - the salespeople were extremely helpful, the price was great, and the tiles were super easy to install - our garage looks awesome!
The product came in the time we were promised - no problems whatsoever.
We love these guys and will definitely do more business with them!

