Stopped in here for lunch as I needed to do laundry across the parking lot and I am not disappointed.
Had an asada taco, fish taco, chicken, pastor and lengua tacos.. all tasted great.
Rice and beans were worthy side dishes, one might think how hard is it to make rice and beans...apparently you've might not have eaten in Utah where the local flavor is "bland"  If you love Americanized Mexican food and never venture of the well beaten path then do not bother.
This restaurant is definitely on the road less traveled and turned out to be a fantastic experience for me.
For you heat and spice lovers you will find the kick here that burns going in and coming out.

Great real Mexican food, salsas are fresh and delicious and they have real fruit drinks.
Will definitely be back to this place!

Ordered two bean and cheese burritos (one for the girlfriend) and a breakfast burrito thinking I was starving and could eat.
Oth...  No way.
These things were huge and I could barely get the breakfast burrito finished.
If it wasn't for the deliciousness of it I may not have.
The bean and cheese was amazing later on as well.
Easily one of the best Mexican meals we had in the US and all for under 10 bucks.

I've met the owner of this place a couple of times, he takes pride in his business and only uses fresh ingredients he takes pride in not using anything that is frozen.

I ordered 2 sopes for myself and a burrito for my brother.
My brother love the burrito and I like my food.
The meat was cooked perfect and it was delicious.
I give this place one star for a simple reason.
My sopes came with guacamole.
It wasn't until I got home and was getting ready to eat that I saw that the guacamole was almost black.
I wouldn't even feed that to my dog.
When I went back to the restaurant to have them change it they just looked at me like of there was something wrong with me.
After explaining to them that I refuse to eat it because it was obviously very old, they made me fresh sopes WITHOUT guacamole.
I expected the guacamole on them but apparently they didn't want to made fresh guacamole.
I'm very disappointed with that simple fact.
I refuse to ever go back or even recommend someone to this place.
There are places with fresh food that is just as tasty.

