I visited Amberjoy's Vintage Closet for the first time on New Year's Eve and am extremely happy I went in.
I had a great experience and found some awesome treasures.
The owner was very friendly and helpful.
I had fun and didn't want to leave.
I will definitely be going back on a regular basis and recommend everyone visits her store.

I went in met Amber.
Omg!
She's so sweet & professional.
This little shop of trend is a must visit.
I like the fact that she's more than willing to make u anything u crave.
As a cello player I struggle to add a certain flair to my performance so custom made anything is right down my alley!
Plus I will come here often because I'm addicted to one of a kind items.

This is the best new vintage shop in Las Vegas!
She has vintage and rockabilly items for all size ranges!
Guys and gals will love shopping here!
Amber is there most days and she makes your visit even better!
She's also started a line of her own clothes,  made from vintage patterns!
They will custom fit you for the perfect garment!

Today I walked in not even knowing this store existed.
I had walked into a store across the street but was told Amberjoy's would have what I was looking for.
I have to say it was an absolute pleasure browsing this store and chatting with Amber.
She was very friendly and helpful without being pushy.
I walked in for a pair of sunglasses... ended up getting two pairs and a vintage bathing suit!
Large selection, cute items; and I had been looking for a place that offered pin up photo shoots...
I believe I found it!
Amber was happy to tell me all about the shoots they can do, and showed me some amazing photo samples.
I was so excited!
I will definitely be using them for a shoot within a month or two.
They also hold pin up pose classes and classes on the history of Burlesque.
I can not wait to take part in both of these classes!

As always AmberJoy's Vintage Closet never fails to impress!
She has more items to look at and purchase every time we walk thru her door!
They just updated the look of the windows and it's awesome!
Amber is a delightful lady!
Her line of clothing is the best thing to hit Las Vegas in years!
You owe it to yourself to stop by and see her shop!

If I hit a huge jackpot & had the capital/ when I day dream of opening my own boutique, I picture it much like Amberjoy's.
It's the kind of place you wish you could spend all day in.
Seated directly across Main Street from the Velveteen Rabbit (which is pretty cool too), she has a beautiful store with an amazing front window worthy of Manhattan's West side, an eclectic inventory of true vintage pieces for both men & women, some retro designs of her own, shoes, accessories and large dressing rooms with real mirrors that don't resemble a fun house attraction.
The store is well lit and SUPER FRIENDLY!
That's right.
-Downright cheerful!
I am to learn there's usually a tailor on sight to help you bring your look to a made-to-fit finish.
Keep in mind: this is not a thrift store.
This is a quality vintage shop.
If you are looking for $.25 items, you will be better off starting your treasure hunt early in a neighboring spot.
If you want to find a special piece to earn you icon (or wow) status and have a couple of bucks, you can't go wrong at Amberjoy's.
Her prices are fair & her eye is impeccable.
She's a vintage genius.
I bow to her.
In fact I couldn't even write a review while in the store, for fear of missing something worth treasuring.
This shop was worthy of a sit-down, hours later review.
It's open 12n-9pm.
So stop in after work.
It'll give you a jump on happy hour, with fewer calories.
Enjoy!

