"One thing I can say about Chris Patrick is that he hits the ground running, whether he is selling your property or finding you one.
He pays special attention to your needs and always Listens.
Curves  get thrown in his path but he doesn't ever frazzle but rather just solves them.
Calling Chris will be one of the best things you can do, as he is available and that is so impressive.
Make sure you call Chris Patrick, as he goes the extra mile.
" Steve Mevorah,  W.J.
Bradley Mortgage Capital, LLC.
Residential Lender

I have know Chris for several years.
He is knowledgable, patient, and provides great customer service.
Chris is dedicated & attentive to his customers needs & wants, and supports them along each step of the process.

Chris Patrick is a world class personal trainer and fitness guru who will inevitably find the same success as a real estate sales pro in Las Vegas.
If you are looking for a professional who is committed to your success and who will outwork and out think the competition-hire him today.
His knowledge of the local Vegas housing market and mastery of digital tech and communication is what separates him from his competition.

The best real estate agent in Las Vegas!!!
He really knows the town  and can find you the perfect home!
And the nicest guy ever.!
I wish I could give him ten stars..he's that good.

I can vouch for Chris because I've known him for about 5 years and worked with him.
He is extremely professional, reliable, hard working, and he always did a great job.
Very supportive and dedicated to what he does.
A true passion for what he does.
I always felt like I can count on him.

Are you tired of always doing all the work for your Realtor?
Can't get hold of your Realtor most of the time?
Tired of talking to their asst and not the Realtor you hired?
Not getting fast service & answers??
Well, it is because you do not have Chris Patrick representing you.
As seniors over 55, we have encountered many Realtors in our lifetime.
SERVICE IS KEY TO US !!!!!
He is also very polite, professional & knowledgeable.
If he does not know the answer, you can bet he will go that extra mile to find out for you.
What more can you ask for in a Realtor.
Call him, you can bet he will answer.

Chris has been nothing short of a great person to know in general very level headed guy to know and be around.
Outside of that it turns out I needed some help looking for a new place.
He built my own page with the specifics that I'm looking for only and I get regular updates for places that match that.
I like knowing Chris as a friend and working with him for my real estates needs.

Chris is a class act.
I'm honored to be associated with a fine professional in this rugged city.

Chris Patrick is your go-to-guy for all your Real Estate needs.
He really listens to you and helps you find what you want with ease and simplicity.
Chris is ethical, honest and cares about his clients.
I like that he is quick, finds what I want, and answers all my questions.
Best part, he always calls me back ASAP when I have a question.
Thanks Chris for everything!!
You Rock !!!!
Carolyn V.  Las Vegas NV

Best realtor in Vegas...honest, hard working, concerned about the customer (not just his commission) and trustworthy.
We ended up with the perfect place.
I wouldn't use anyone else.
Highly recommended.

Great person to work with when buying or selling a home.
Chris is HONEST and HELPFUL.
Would use him anytime.

