Smashbooth did my wedding this weekend and they were so accomodating!
I had purchased a groupon fully expecting an average photobooth, but they personalized the strip, worked with me even though they only had a week to set up, and showed up on time and stayed even a little late They did amazing, and the photos were great!
If i was ever in vegas and needed a photobooth again, I would totally book these guys again Thanks So Much guys!

I would recommend this company for ANY event that you have.
They are excellent with great customer service and prompt response.
They go the extra mile to ensure your event is one to remember.
Thanks Jason for all your help.

We hired Smashbooth for our wedding at Legends Ranch this past April.
They were fantastic!
They answered every email promptly and worked with me to customize our photostrip.
The two people who ran the booth at the event were professional and friendly.
They even kept the booth open late as none of our guests made their way over until an hour past the booth had opened.
The photos turned out great and our guests loved it.
If you are considering a photobooth for your event I highly recommend Smash Booth!
They made it so easy and it was one of the best decisions we made for our wedding.

The Smashbooth team is awesome!
They did the photo booth for my daughter's graduation at the Havana Room.
It was perfect, they were easy to work with and most of all amazing to our guests!!
I highly recommend using them:)

We had a Smash Booth photo booth at my friend's 40th surprise birthday party and it was a hit with all the guests!
Grown up and kids alike had a great time.
The company was easy to work with as far as booking and confirmation the week of our event.
The photo booth worker was friendly and helpful.
The props were good and the pictures turned out great.
I would definitely use Smash Booth again.

What a steal!
Jason was such an awesome person to work with!
He customized our  wedding photo strip to fit with our Gatsby theme and it was really cool!
Jason is very prompt in answering all questions and having Smashbooth at our wedding made our reception even more fun!
Their props and booth itself were really cool and all of our guests had fun uploading pics...  Smashbooth was one of the easiest vendors to work with!
Reliable, efficient and affordable!
Can't beat that!

