La Michoacana is located in a nondescript strip mall on the west side near the Market Square Theater.
The folks behind the counter are super nice, but there was a bit of a language barrier as my daughter and I sampled our way through the exotic varieties of flavors.
La Michoacana does not label their ice-creams tubs, nor do they have a price listed posted anywhere in the store.
When I inquired about those omissions, I learned that they want to interact more with the customers and get to know their opinions and preferences.
The texture of the ice cream is somewhere between American ice cream and gelato.
It is slightly chewy, not overly sweet, and exploding with flavor.
The flavor range from the traditional (chocolate and vanilla) to the unconventional (pinecone seed, gansito - a.k.a.
Mexican Twinkie, tequila, yes, TEQUILA!
)   La Michoacana also sells vegan friendly water-based ice creams in a variety of fruit flavors (lime, strawberry, tamarind, pineapple, etc.
)  Then there are the paletas.
There are over thirty varieties to choose from, some packed with chunks of fruit, others are smooth and creamy.
I tried the mango con chili and thought the spiciness of the chilies overwhelmed the sweetness of the mango.
However, that won't deter me from a return visit.
Despite s-l-o-w-l-y consuming my paleta (I had to take a break or two to let my taste buds recover from the heat of the chilies), it never turned into a slushy mess.
I can attest that it will be hard to ever go back to a grocery store popsicle ever again.
The cost of a single scoop of ice cream in a waffle bowl and one paleta set me back $4.50, which was reasonable, given the generous serving size.
My daughter the fro-yo fanatic thought her ice cream was better than Menchies or Orange Leaf, so I expect to make another pilgrimage to La Michoacana in the near future.

My hubby stopped at La Michoacana today to buy some ice cream for me and I was impressed about how good they tasted!
very natural and not too sweet.
He got me the chocolate one (that was my favorite one), it was so light, full of cocoa flavor, you could even taste a nice touch of cinnamon, yummyyy!
The other one (my boyfriend does not remember the name) but it was a white one and it tasted like a rum and raisins ice cream (if you have tried one) but they said they put tequila on it!
Hmmm interesting, anyway, it tasted good, a little bit sweeter than the first one.
The last one Was (yeah, I know, my hubby spoils me a lot) kind of like an icy treat in a cup (we call them raspados in my country) and it had smashed mangoes with some kind of chili (for me it was very mild) but for somebody with a sensitive palate be cautious, maybe you can ask for a sample before ordering it.
I can't wait to try other flavors!

They were closing and they still accommodated us.
The staff were all very patient with me trying all the interesting flavors they had, before making my mind up on the pine nut ice cream which was out of this world.
My husband and I can't wait to go back to try another type of ice cream.
They even had queso ice cream which was interestingly good.

Time to bump my rating of La Michoacana up to four stars.
They have become more user-friendly since my previous visit:  There are now labels on the tubs of ice cream and prices are now posted in the store.
What hasn't changed are the unique, delightful flavors served up from this strip mall location on Odana Road, which range from the traditional (chocolate and vanilla) to the unconventional (pinecone seed, gansito - a.k.a.
Mexican Twinkie, tequila, yes, TEQUILA!
)  La Michoacana also sells vegan friendly water-based ice creams in a variety of fruit flavors (lime, strawberry, tamarind, pineapple, etc.
)  I opted for the Cajeta, a caramelized goat's milk ice cream, which I enjoyed a great deal.
Unlike many other caramel ice creams, this one is not cloyingly sweet, since the tang of the goat's milk helps balance out the sweetness of this offering.
However, it still offers plenty of satisfying natural, caramel flavor.
The texture of the Cajeta was uneven:  most of the time it had a texture somewhere between traditional American ice cream and Italian gelato, but there were occasional icy patches and some graininess.
Even with those textural problems, it was very satisfying.
My daughter boldly stated that this was the best Oreo ice cream she ever had.
I had a small taste and agreed it was exceptional.
The cost of two massive waffle comes was $6.
This much product at any of the local froyo places would be at least $8.
If you are looking for a change of place to your ice cream routine, I highly recommend a trip to La Michoacana.

Tons of interesting ice cream and paletas flavors including some other Hispanic desserts that cannot be found elsewhere in Madison.
The staff let us sample when we had questions about some of the items and recommended the oreo paleta... it was delicious, lots of cookies and good texture.
Hidden gem... will be going back!

I don't usually do dessert after a large meal (ok, stretching the truth a little never hurt anyone right), but when I do, it's with an equally large amount of ice cream.
La Michoacana serves some delicious, delicious Mexican ice cream from its location on Odana.
I've never had Mexican ice cream before, but I might switch overly entirely to those after this experience.
While most of their flavors are pretty standard (strawberry cheesecake, chocolate fudge, mint chocolate chip), they've also got some extremely unique flavors like goat's milk, tequila, pinecone, etc...   Be warned that their "single scoop" is really more of "a few scoops here and there so it's enough to cover your entire cup".
Which means that 2+ scoops will be enough for an entire meal.
They let you sample everything, so take advantage of this and try something completely different.
Unlike other kinds of ice cream I've had before, the ones at La Micoacana are extremely creamy and thick.
This gives it more of sticky texture (think of stretching out a laffy taffy) and prevents it from melting as fast.
It's not as soft, but the flavors are more compact.
Oh, and they've got free Wi-Fi!!
I will definitely be adding this to part of my West Towne routine.

La Michoacana fits all the economics of good eats -- high quality treats at low prices.
While it may seem ballsy to open an ice cream shop in Madison, this paleteria is in a league of its own.
The ice cream recipe (which I'm guessing from a quick Google search includes corn starch and evaporated milk) is thankfully less sweet and less drippy than the more commonly found varieties that use more heavy cream or eggs.
The milk or water based paletas are also no joke and come in dozens of colors and flavors.
In case you need some salt to balance all the sweet, there are savory snacks like chicharrones waiting to be drizzled with Valentina's.
They also sell elote, which gets packed with cheese and a generous dash of cayenne.
The corn itself was a bit soggy, but there was no skimping on queso, and where else in Madison can I get elote?
I recommend the pistachio paleta to cool your lips if they catch fire from the elote.
If that's not enough, the tequila flavored icecream was like eating rum raisin without the raisins.
The arroz con leche pop was good too, if you like the idea of horchata in solid form.
Next on my list are the agua frescas and "mangoelada," a blended mango ice cream smoothie with ribbons of tangy sauce and a red chili straw that every other customer ordered.
Service can be a bit slow when the lines are long, usually weekend evenings, when it's quite popular with families and teens.
Despite the few flaws, the good outweigh the bad, making La Michoacana my official favorite stop for 2014 summer treats.

