Bright lights.
Shiny things.
Grand opening signs.
Girls that look really good in yoga pants.
I can't explain why, but I do know that these are just some of the things I am hypnotically attracted to.
Kinda like the blue alien from the planet Baab (Escape From Planet Earth).
So after a recent Yelp Helps event followed by a group dinner at Ramen Sora, I was ready for some sweets to end the day.
But it was past regular business hour at SnowFlake, so I was really drawn to the bright lights through those large windows emanating from what I soon discovered to be a new dessert spot in Chinatown.
But I was too late.
the business has closed for the day, and the cashier lady was already counting the register and getting ready to leave.
So 2 days passed and another Yelp Helps event, this time benefitting the Ronald McDonald House charity, plus an amazeball CMYE in Downtown Las Vegas.
And I finally made it to this new Vietnamese dessert spot while it is still opened.
The interior is very clean, brightly lit and has some comfy looking couch seating near the back.
Their menu is pretty extensive.
Offering Vietnamese desserts, blended coffee, milk tea, smoothies and cold and hot beverages.
Tonight I was most interested in checking out their Vietnamese desserts (Chè).
After a brief glance at their menu I settled for the trusty #1 Bambu Special, which is made with young coconut, pandan jelly, longan, basil seed and coconut water.
I really enjoyed the longan and slurping the basil seeds and pandan jelly, but I thought the crushed ice diluted the coconut water too much.
I barely tasted it.
What I did like is the fact that they use good ingredients and fresh when available.
What I like: * Use of quality ingredients.
* In Chinatown next to Hot 'n Juicy (the location closest to Decatur).
* Clean!!!
Or at least the appearance of being clean.
* You can customize the desserts adding or removing ingredients to suit your taste or craving.
What I didn't like: * Too much crushed ice diluted the flavor of the dessert drink I ordered.
* Parking lot is tiny and usually full.
Must be all the massage customers.
Street parking on the side street is usually occupied, so you can find parking but will have to do more walking.
I will definitely comeback to check out other menu items, but for now I am only going to rate them worthy of 3 stars.

Omg yes!!
Welcome to Vegas.
I always go there whenever I m in sf visiting family.
Now I can have their yummy desserts n drinks not far from my house.
I am so excited.
I have no doubt you will do well in Vegas

I had high hopes since I had been to Bambu in the Bay Area.
The drinks were quite watery and not tasty.
I'm hoping that they'll get better at creating the desserts since they just opened.
Parking lot is also tiny so you might have to park in the side street.
On the plus side K-pop videos kept me entertained!

Good desserts and nice place to hang but bad location.
Right next to Hot n Juicy (older one) which is almost impossible to find a parking.

Now I can get Bambu even in Vegas!!
Great clean location with awesome friendly staff.
#6 is my go to when I want something sweet.
It has the yummy jellies and I also get my fruit for the day.
Double whammy :)

It's like finally we have a Vietnamese dessert place but sadly not what I expected.
I went here twice.
what sucks is that if you use card it's always a fifty cents fee.
The first time I was here i ordered #6 because of the word Jack fruit.
The dessert had less fruit in it.
It was mostly ice, coconut, and green jelly that blended in with the ice.
I guess because Viet dessert is known for its coconut?
The second time I ordered #20 because of lychee.
Again I got mostly ice and less of the items that were suppose to be in it.
I probably come back, but I will ask for less ice if that will work.

I love their Vietnamese desserts and #34 Hazelnut Mocha is boMB!

I stopped by here a few times now to get my Vietnamese dessert fix.
The first time was probably the most memorable for me, as the cashier was this smoking hot Asian guy with a charismatic personality.
(I wonder if he's single???
)   A habitual animal that I am, I always opted for the usual combo: red beans, coffee jelly, red tapioca and mung beans.
Their desserts always hit the spot for me and I tend to replace my dinner by eating just this.
It is that filling.
The quality seems consistent every time as well.

When I first walked in I noticed right a way the beautiful bambu wall.
It's really nice inside.
I was surprised that it was pretty packed.
Then again who doesn't know Bambu :D first off the menu is the same as the other Bambus.
I was afraid that the desserts here wouldn't be delish like the other Bambus.
Boy I was wrong, my favorite desserts number 6 was great or maybe even better.
Very friendly staff and a few cute guys in the back ;)  I will defininatly  be back to this location ever time I party in Vegas!!

So unfortunately I have to say I was quite disappointed...
I know this is a vietnamese dessert place but do i have to listen to paris by night while I am waiting for my order for 20 minutes?
There were only two orders before mine and three people working...
But it still took 20 minutes... its not like they made me new coconut milk... its all pre made all they had to do is put it together.... so disappointed... maybe since I have been to the california locations and they were much busier and got my dessert order out in a timely manner.
on top of the fact that there is absolutely no parking..   BTW if you intend to charge a card there is a fee.
So bring cash...

First of all I want to comment on the appearencr...so I came here after the gym and was astonished on how amazing this place looks on the inside, it seems like the owners put alot of time and effort into this this place.
everything from the decor to the counter looks so modernized yet relative to its bambu theme.
This place looks like a cool place to hang out for people of all ages.
Secondly, is the drinks; so basically i just got out of the gym and wanted something to quench my thirst so i asked the countergirl, "what's really refreshing here"?
and she told me about the "passion fruit drink," so i ordered it...the drink was amazing and delicious it was inexplicable on how fresh the ingredience were.
This is a "must comeback" for me especially when it gets warmer.

I love their hazelnut mocha extra strong!!!
This Bambu is a lot nicer than the one in Santa Clara, Ca.
Will definitely come back when ever I'm in vegas!!!!!

This place is pure perfection!
Unbelievable boba smoothies.
The coconut and strawberry smoothies with boba are the best I've ever had.
This place is the new standard for boba spots!!!!!

I was pleasantly surprised with this new boba location!
I usually go to the Tea Station but this place is a whole lot cheaper by like $2 bucks or so.
I did go to one of the Bambu Desserts & Drinks location over in the far west in Honolulu,Hawai'i but this one was seemed cleaner.
Service was great, boba was delicious and flavor was excellent.

I grew up with chè and love the mixture of grains, legumes, jellies, seaweed, and anything else you can think of to throw into this dessert.
Most of the time, it is a decadent dessert with rich coconut milk and when done wrong can be overtly sweet.
Bambu on the other hand goes the opposite route and the coconut milk is too diluted and there is only a hint of sugar.
I am not the type that searches for diabetes, but some flavor would be nice.
I like the presentation and the overall appeal of the place.
The shop is small, but has adequate amount of seats for a quick dessert shop.
The place is bright and welcoming.
The music is heavily Korean driven.
Once they get themselves sorted out with the ratio and product, this place has the potential to be a cool hang out spot.

Bambu boba has more unique flavors than your ad average place.
My boyfriend said his taro boba was better than our usual place.
They have fresh taro but the large size was smaller than what we're used to and the boba is smaller too.
I had the sapota boba which tastes like a malty fruity beer.
The desserts are really interesting and kind of healthy.
We shared the bambu special which had fresh coconut,  basil seeds (kind of like Chia seeds), pandan jelly and lychees.
Super yummy.

This place is So good.
I love how there's always welcoming friendly people working  behind the counter.
I got the thai milk tea and number  4 dessert.
I can't wait to come back here.
Definitely a MUST try especially if you have a sweet tooth and love Vietnamese desserts.

The first Bambu store I tried was in San Mateo, California.
Since I liked that one so much, I was excited to find out there was a Bambu in Las Vegas which just opened.
Conveniently, we had just finished dinner at Hot and Juicy so why not top the night off with a dessert drink.
I order the #10, which consists of coconut milk, red tapioca, pandan jelly, and grass jelly.
The drink was good all except for the lack of coconut milk.
It is true, after you mix everything together, the mixture becomes a watered-down skim-milk beverage.
If I had never had the same drink in San Mateo, then I would have never noticed the difference in consistency and flavor.
I hope they step up their standards and put in more coconut milk and/or less ice.
I would probably go back once every full moon, because I don't know of any places that serve these types of drinks in Las Vegas.
If you do, send me a message!

I saw this dessert place when I was grubbing my noodle at Pho So 1 across the street.
I had try their Che at Westminster's store and it was ok, but since I'm really craving something sweet and refreshing after my meal so I decided to try them again, the store was clean and the staff was very friendly, Thuy the cashier recommend #1 the bambu special, and it was so good, it came with basil seed, longan, pieces of young coconut and pandan jelly in coconut water.
So glad I pick up a good drink for my long drive back to LA

Bambu now in Vegas??...
I love #10 dessert with green beans and mung bean.
My boyfriend ordered #34 hazelnut mocha... and i killed half of it  ;)  Now I can also enjoy Bambu in Vegas!!!!!!

First time trying their specialty drinks and they are amazing!
The service is alway great!
Our new fave spot!

Very good!
Nice and warm welcome by friendly and pretty girl.
Drinks tasted great.
Priced fair.
Quality fresh.
Vast selections.
Too bad the spot was right next to a sleazy looking massage parlor and another shop squishing this place in between and felt the outside is kind of dirty.
Must be because lack of a patio or even a "sidewalk.
"  Will definitely go back.
Maybe try their snacks.

I was excited to try this new boba spot.
The cafe was clean and the service was great.
I ordered four drinks of varying flavors and every single one tasted like it had been mixed with hairspray or perfume.
It was super funky and left a waxy film in my mouth.
No one...and I mean no one in family took more than two sips.
Such a bummer and a waste of $15.

I'm debating between 3 and 4 stars for this place.
I'm glad it has the ordinary Vietnamese desserts that I love.
However, the quality has not been consistence.
I came 10 times during the last month and ordered almost everything on the desert drink menu.
Most drinks are make to order, but be aware that some ingredients are straight from the canned.
The restroom is clean and it plays mixed Vietnamese, U.S. hip-hop, rap and techno video music.
Overall, it is a decent place whenever you crave Vietnamese desserts and good Boba.

My hubby and I have been here three times now and it has been consistent on both quality and customer service.
I go for the dessert drinks and my husband opts for the fruit smoothies.
The #10 is my favorite so far and I highly recommend it!

LOVE their #10 dessert drink.
That's the only drink I have had for the two times I have been there.
The regular size is almost a meal itself but for less than $4 (excluding tax).
This is definitely a great spot to get some Vietnamese drinks/dessert!

The service was a bit slow.
They have the cups behind the counter that looked to be filled with the main ingredients of each dessert.
They then add the shaved ice and liquid (coconut milk or juice).
I don't see how that took 2 minutes when me and my friend were the only ones there.
I am not Vietnamese so a lot of stuff was foreign to me but I like to try new things.
We got a #1 Bambu Special (coconut, pandan jelly, longan, basil seed, coconut juice) and a #6 (lychee, longan, red tapioca, jackfruit, palm seed, jello, coconut milk), and they were both very good and we got to try a lot of new things.
I wish they made a size smaller than regular though, I personally couldn't finish it all.
But it was good and I suggest everyone give it a try.

So this is different!!!
Looking for an after dinner dessert places on yelp, I came across this little place.
I had never had this type of desert drinks before.
I grabbed the number 6 off the menu and not knowing what I ordered I felt like I was ordering into the food order unknown!
My unknown drink came out in a boba/soda like cup with a straw and spoon.
I made the mistake of jumping in with the straw first and was unable to drink anything with the amount of jelly and other assorted stuff!
Make sure to stir!
The menu has quite an extensive array of drinks and desserts which I think run up to about 50 or 60 things!
The decor is a cross between lounge and cafe!!
Also it's Nice and clean as well.
My drink was good, I'm not gonna lie is was ok.
I saw quite a few Java drinks that looked pretty sexy and next time I'll grab one...
I think this a hit or miss kinda joint!
You'll like or love it

They have a wide selection of items to choose from their menus.
And staff was friendly.
Cute little spot, But they could definitely change out their seat.

You can add ingredients for no extra cost!
It's basically the "Che" Desserts that I go there for.
They are brand new, so it's clean.
The staff are very helpful when it comes to selecting a drink that you would enjoy.
There are so many options.
If it weren't for the calories, I'd be here everyday.
Free wifi.
K-Pop music videos played all day long.
Parking situation is a problem...so just park on the small street around the corner.
Located right next to Hot N Juicy and across the street from the Crown & Anchor Pub/Big Lots/Sieu Thi Thuan Phat/Pho So 1 Plaza.

Made a pit stop here with my wife before we headed back to Cali after lunch and were not disappointed at all.
I originally was looking for a good boba spot on yelp and came across this.
We tried the #1 & #6 from some tips on here and were very satisfied.
This just might make it on our "must stop by" list for whenever were out here.

Great addition to spring mountain.
Some of the ice coffee spots are a little disappointing in town, this is one of the better spots.
A little sweet for some people, but I loved it.
Will def have to try the other deserts, they look fantastic.

Parking may be a pain in the butt sonce it's such s small parking lot shared with Hot & Juicy but it's so worth it lol I'm here at least twice a week and so is my mom.
For something fruit filled and refreshing I recommend #6.
It's my favorite.

I am not a huge fan of che, I usually come here for the smoothies not really for Che but since my mom love it, so we come here often.
The place is cute and have some good products.
The only reason I knocked 2 stars from the rating is due to the place's efficiency.
The first 4 times I came here it took me 15 minute for 1 cups of Che and a smoothie.
I don't mind the wait, but other people might.
I didn't plan to come here anymore until my god mother said that they have gotten better with it so I came back tonight and it's the same thing !
15 minutes for a cup of Che and a smoothie.
Like i said I don't mind waiting for it, but I don't think it's worth 15 minutes for.
There are other places to get smoothies and Che.
I'm not saying that I will never come back, but I won't be coming back as often as I would like to.

Cool little place for drinks and hanging out.
They have WiFi and Korean pop music and music videos.
Have a big menu to chose from and all drinks are delicious.
Normally takes them a while though if you go during a busy time.
Everybody is friendly though..  Be aware, the charge 50 cents for credit/debit cards...this was a couple weeks ago that I paid with card so not sure if they still do it, I just take cash now...

Even though I'm from SoCal, this was the first time I tried a drink from Bambu.
I've always seen my friends upload pictures of drinks from Bambu but I never got the chance to try it.
So after dim sum, we wanted to get desserts before we head back to San Diego so we stopped by here.
Since it was grand opening, they had $1 off on all drinks!
I looked on yelp and many people said #1, #6, and #10 was pretty popular.
After reading the reviews and asking what the cashier recommend, I decided to order #6 which is the Chè trái cây - Lychee, longan, red tapioca, jackfruit, palm seed, pandan jelly, jello, and young coconut.
I don't know but the drink was ok for me.
It was good but nothing really stood out other than the red tapioca.
I really like the red tapioca because it had this crunchy texture to it.
It was a little too much for me with all the different ingredients/topping inside.
Maybe #6 was just not my taste but I'm down to try the other drinks when I get another chance!

Their coconut milk tea is seriously off the hook!
I love the decadent coconut flavor and it's not watered down at all.
It is a little bit more on the sweet side, but if you drink it after the ice has melted a little bit, then it's perfect!
I also tried those grass jelly milk tea.
It's very milky and not overly sweet.
The grass jelly is fun to slurp up into the straw and I love the soft jelly texture.
I don't really like their boba, it's small and harder in texture than what I'm used to.
I think if they cooked the tapioca pearls slightly longer it would achieve the al dente texture.
Other than that, this place is a gem for dessert drinks and I'll definitely be back to try their desserts!

Amazing little place.
Very clean.
Great selection of Vietnamese deserts.
The only place in town that serve Che.
I love #11.
Mung bean with banh lot.
So yummy.

I have been to Bambu in Houston and San Francisco and love the dessert there.
I was really excited about the one in Vegas until I tried it.
It was just OK.
The service is not friendly.
Although I had a good time with my friends, I think we mostly really enjoyed the V-pop music instead of our dessert.
My friends however love their orders because it's their first time trying Vietnamese dessert.
I will return but I hope the food gets better next time.

Excellent find!
I come here weekly, an amazing little place with fresh dessert drinks.
Clean I always get # 6 enjoy!

I don't want to give this a horrible review, but I went in to get something simple and it was not good at all.
I got strawberry milk tea, which I know doesn't taste the same everywhere, but this tasted... sour?
I've been to places where it tasted like strawberry milk, places where the milk tea tastes like power, and those have even tasted better.
I don't know what it was, but I'm not a fan.
Besides that the place looks really nice inside.
The selection looked really nice, I don't eat all of the stuff that I saw one the menu, which is why I went with something I thought would be easy to make.
Maybe one day I'll go back and try something else.

the cashier girls were fun and chatty and helpful, it was good desserts, a bit too sweet for my taste, because i forgot to tell them to put in less syrup.
i would have given this place a 4 or 5 stars if i wasn't feeling like being stared down by the muscle head owner who sat nearby acting all high and mighty, i think he need a crash course in customer service skills 101.
Customers come to your shop to buy your food and services, SMILE and THANKS them for the business they're bringing into your store, or go back in the kitchen and let your paying customers sit and enjoy eating their desserts

In what universe do I have to wait 20 minutes to get boba??
Apparently in Vegas.
This place is nestled between a crawfish restaurant and a massage place in Chinatown, approximately 15 minutes from the Strip.
I love the original OC locations (including the one in Irvine) but after visiting this location once, I really figure I can get boba faster at home.
Despite being a roomy location and very clean, I'm incredibly disappointed that I had to wait almost half an hour for 2 smoothies.
You get free boba here with every drink and you can upgrade for just $1 extra.
The cashier was friendly enough but considering it was a Saturday and there were multiple people waiting for drinks, they only had one person in the back making drinks and one person in the front, making the place extremely inefficient.
As for the drinks themselves, I'm a huge fan of #6 off the dessert menu and the smoothies.
Good consistency, and good flavor.

The smoothies were delicious with great variety of toppings to add in.
Great place with great service.
They have vietnamese desserts, which is a new thing for me but very delicious looking and tasted great.
The cashier girl recommended me many kinds of combinations for my Vietnamese dessert.
Highly recommended for people who want something other than typical boba.

First Vietnamese dessert specialty place I've been to/seen.
I took my parents after we ate at Hot N Juicy Crawfish next door and it was the perfect place to cool our palettes from the strong cajun flavors!
I had the #1 Bambu Special Dessert and it is awesome!
It's super refreshing and they use great ingredients.
The #1 includes longan, basil seeds, coconut meat, pandan jelly, and coconut water.
Legit coconut water-- not any of the Vita Coconut Water stuff.
For those of you who've had a fresh coconut before, you know what I mean!
My brother got the coffee milk tea.
I might not recommend that one so much... Its a little too bitter and bland but maybe it just wasn't to our taste.
They also ran out of boba when we got there so I didn't get a chance to try it.
The service was really great.
They let us stay until "whenever everyone leaves" (way after closing), and all the servers were really nice!
Atmosphere is very much like most other boba places- bright, free wi-fi and has lots of seating.
They're also great for groups and family friendly.
They played Vietnamese Pop on the tv which I thought was funny because they remind me a lot of Kpop groups, but that's just a random side note.
Hahah  I definitely recommend going here!

If ur into Asian desserts this is the place to go...  Its nice to taste some of the drinks and desserts I grew up with when I was a kid

So if you're not comfortable with trying the Vietnamese desserts (which are amazing) you can come here for your typical boba smoothies.
I like to order the number 4 dessert and number 6, wifey gets the number 1 which is good too..the reason why we love it here because it's like eating Thai or Laos desserts.
if you like sweet coconut milk give the desserts a try if you don't like it the boba is good too

great customer service.
excellent drinks!

Oh yeah!
We came after some Hot N Juicy next door to wash away the garlic linger on the palette.
I got a random dessert number (I believe 6) as I couldnt decide.
It was pretty good.
Just the right amount of sweet and was not stingy on the toppings.
I was to my limit full after eating this dessert, but I do not regret my evening!
We did not eat in, but inside is simple but nice.
They even have a cool fishtank with live plants, cherry shrimp, tetras and mollys.
I've been a fan of ice/milk/bean concoction desserts at Viet restaurants, but wanted to find a place with variety more than the "three bean" dessert.
I most definitely will be back to try more desserts and try some of the beverages.
So far, I am really excited that we have a place like this!

I ordered the litchi smoothie!
Decadent, and deserving off a return visit.
Everyone else in my group loved their drinks/deserts.
No complaints!

First time trying it...
Reminds me of my childhood years..grumbing on some good Vietnamese dessert.

A must stop in place for me when I'm in town, awesome desserts & drinks!
My favorite is the # 3 on the wall menu, 3 color cold drink (Che 3 Mau).

Took a customer here this morning for a quick meeting over "coffee".
We ended up each ordering a #1 dessert.
It was absolutely yummy!
There were some longans, coconut, basil seeds and green squiggly thingies.
We both wolfed it down in no time.
Service was friendly and fast (although we were there right when they opened at 10am).
The guy at the counter even turned down the music for us because it was a bit too loud to carry a conversation in there.
Minus 1 star for some of their seatings that are a bit worn out (i.e.
the white couches), almost fell through the thing when we sat down.
Will definitely return and try all the other goodies on the menu!

Im glad that they opened a location here.
My favorite is #10 dessert with mung bean!
The cashiers are friendly.
Thuy is always nice and bubbly!

My first time trying this place was in Hawaii.
They're a franchise that was brought in, but definitely a decent place overall.
I loved this place in Hawaii and went there twice because I knew I couldn't get what I wanted back in Vegas but now that they're here I can!
You can try anything and it'll be at least decent.
Just keep an open mind when trying new things!
Otherwise there are always your safe options!
=] I love getting drinks here and they even have fresh passion fruit juice!
(one of my favorite fruits)  Most people don't understand Asian places, but they're always bound to get marked off for something from the health department.
Although some of it was just ridiculous, I'll still probably wait a little while before going back after my initial couple of visits.

I love #1.
Super refreshing and the pandan jelly is yummy.
It also has basil seeds, longan, and coconut slices.
I've only been to two bambus  and I feel like the one in my area taste a little more refreshing and crisp.
The drinks come out pretty quickly but I wished this location would be opened later since it's Vegas.

I ordered the Che ba Mau and was pleasantly surprised at how traditional the dessert was.
It was delicious!
Overall the restaurant is very clean and well decorated.
The service was great and the coffee was scrumptious as well!

Parking: small shared lot, I didn't have a problem finding parking but I can only imagine this place being packed and seeing cars circling around looking for a spot.
Service: the lady at the register (she also made my drink) was so friendly and nice!
She saw my kandi and asked if I had gone to EDC.
I liked that she tried to make small talk with me, if I had a tradeable, I would've definitely gave her one :P   Drink: I ordered #4.
It was yummy!
I kind of wish that all of my drink was cold when I got it though, maybe I just haven't had a Vietnamese desert drink in too long?
I had my friend try it for the first time and he described it as a salad in a cup LOLOL.
Tips:  +_free wifi, their password is posted on the wall to they right of the register!
+_you can add Boba free of charge to any order!
+_the lounge couches are pretty worn in and  kind of sink in, so be careful!

This is a cute little hangout spot.
Different in looks from other boba/snack shops in Chinatown.
There's a sitting area in the corner with couches.
The selection of drinks was pretty satisfying offering different, as well as unique, flavors.
But at the time of my visit (around 8pm Sunday) they ran out of boba

The drink was perfectly sweetened and the boba was very soft but still chewy, although the flavor of it was a bit weird.
I just dislike the cap that they use for everything.

Obsessed with the #1 but swapped out the logan fruit for lychees instead!
Not too sweet overall light & refreshing.
Big chunks of young coconut meat yummy!

It was slow when I came in on a Sunday evening.
Great customer service.
Overall, it was a nice place to hang out and grab some refreshment.
I love the drinks here!
Be sure to check-in on Yelp to get $1 off of your drink.

I really do love coming here as a regular but just for today I ordered my regular drink #7 Logan hat e plus coconut juice as an addition.
I had to give the review a 1 star because they charged me an additional $0.50 I was not very happy.
I've alway ordered up to 5 items anyway I wanted, today they said anything with coconut is charged an additional fee because the grocery store increased the products by $5.
Well I don't a FREAKIN #@*!
That's the business problem.
They can't simply start charging the customers fees whenever they feel like it just because they can't find a better lower inventory resources.
I know that as inflation rises then there may be a reason to call for a higher price in all items but just for MY drink?
THAT'S STUPID!

This place is clever- their "secret menu" board is just to the left of the cashier, right in plain sight.
There, you can find amazing things.
I'm referring specifically to their Blended Vietnamese coffee drink- it's like coffee-flavored crack in a cup, blended like a dessert.
It's so deliciously intoxicating, that I'd be hard-pressed to turn down a proposal if it were accompanied by one of these drinks.
Take notes, suitors!
Interior is pleasant with KPOP music videos playing, service is upbeat and friendly, wifi is free, and upgrading your drink to a large is just $1 more- what more could you want?

