Recently joined Crossfit New You.
The owners are very helpful.
The head trainer is very knowledgeable in all areas of Crossfit.
The classes are challenging, but fun.
The fundamentals are taught and personal safety is always stressed.
Highly recommend Crossfit New You.

Best workouts ever!
This is a great gym.
They have equipment here i have never seen at any other gym.
The vibe here is great, everybody is really friendly and ready to help.
The other crossfiters here are also all really friendly.
The head trainer Jeremy is the most knowledgeable trainer i have ever met.
I've been working out for a long time, currently doing weightlifting, crossfit and MMA (Muay Thai, Boxing, and  brazilian jiu jitsu).
Not only do i get an amazing workout here, after class if he does not have another class he will help me with my weightlifting and MMA.
The workouts here is tough, but it is also the most rewarding workouts i have ever had.
After every workout i feel like i just climbed Mount Everest.
The euphoria after doing one of Jeremy's workouts is like nothing else.
Try this gym out, you wont regret it!

I love this gym!
I have been to a few other CrossFit gyms and this is my favorite.
The head coach, Jeremy, is extremely knowledgeable and supportive.
He puts a huge emphasis on proper form and makes sure you have the movements down before allowing you to increase weight.
His workouts are tough but he is a master and scaling them so they are challenging yet achievable for any fitness level.
He is incredibly supportive and encouraging and truly cares about each athlete's progress.
I am definitely in the best shape of my life!
The location is awesome - right across from the Orleans casino.
My favorite warm up is a run around the block, with an awesome view of the Las Vegas strip.
The members are super nice and welcoming.
It seems like a true community of friends.
They have really created a place where people want to hang out with a big TV for watching games, a ping pong table, and lots of places to chill before or after a workout.

I was a member at 24 Hour Fitness and used to do all the boot camps but needed something different.
I went to Crossfit New You in December and immediately got hooked on the workouts and the expertise of the coaches.
I had heard stories of improper form causing injuries, but the coaches closely watch and correct any type of bad form.
I wished I would have started Crossfit years ago.
The class participation varies from 1 to around 18.
There are many different levels of fitness and the coaches adjust everyone accordingly.
Everyone is so motivating and all egos are left at the door.
I can't say enough about this Crossfit gym.
If you're on the bubble, come in and try a class.
They'll let you try it without charge.
It doesn't matter how old you are either.
I am almost 50 and there is another participant who is 63.
You're never too old and my strength gains have dramatically increased.

I have been doing CrossFit for two years and was visiting Vegas and decided to walk into a few boxes for a WOD.
This is my favorite.
CrossFit gyms can be rated based on a number of factors: (1) the quality of the facility and equipment, (2) the coaches and (3) the community.
CrossFit New You scores five stars on all three counts.
CrossFit New You has a very nice facility with all the necessary CrossFit equipment, barbells, bumper plates, kettle bells and so on.
The box itself is clean, well lit, has the usual loud music going during WODs.
The coaches are excellent.
I rate coaches on two things.
First, general knowledge of the key movements and ability to teach them, and second, their enthusiasm and ability to provide individual coaching.
Every CrossFit workout is a chance to improve your technique toward injury prevention and better performance.
An astute coach with an eye for detail can be an enormous help.
Jeremy came over to me and said "hey, I don't want you to do any heavy lifting today, let's just clean up your deadlift".
Keeping 100% positive he walked me through detailed instruction that after two years I had not noticed.
I could immediately feel the difference.
And this was all while paying attention to the other people in the class and maintaining a huge, friendly smile.
CrossFit is about community.
Every box has its own vibe.
All subscribe the community approach and compared to globo gyms they can't compare.
But some boxes standout as particularly strong and it's usually because of the people who run the place.
After a particularly crushing WOD it was like we were all one big family.
And this WOD was very much coed, so for the women out there, it's as good as any.

