If you want to eat at an authentic non-chain mexican cafe, Salva Mex won't disappoint.
True to its name, newly opened Salva Mex offers both mexican and salvadorian dishes.
We tried the tamales, carnitas, and pupusas and they hit the spot.
The food diversity is nice, the taste is better than the chain fast-food restaurants, and the prices are very fair.
Salva Mex is a small cafe with basic decor and simple seating.
A great place for a quick bite on the way to/from Red Rock Monument.
It's just east of Whole Foods on Charleston.

Located on Rainbow/Charleston, this small family owned business is worth the stop to try and enjoy.
Everything is fresh and made to order.
My personal favorite are the cheese Papusas,  the cabbage mixture is very refreshing.
The menu consists of traditional Salvadorian dishes, and some mexican eats (not so much authentic but a really good fusion taste).
This is our go to spot on night we want to lay low, a d it never disappoints!

Good and cooked to order.
Friendly owners who are running the place .
Can't go wrong when its mom and pop owned and operated.!!
Ill be back .

Amazing food, great service.
Authentic, hole-in-the-wall, mom and pop establishment.
Chicken cheese pupusas were phenomenal.
A must for any Mecican-food-cravers visiting Vegas.

Quite possibly one of the worst food experiences of my life, Mexican or Salvadorean.
At one point, this space was a Salvadorean-Mexican fusion place owned by the same people as the Las Palmas market next door.
The BF was one of their biggest fans.
But we went a couple of weeks ago, and despite being the same type of food, and the same space, this was not the restaurant he remembered.
For the life of me I can't even remember what we ordered, only how awful it was.
I vaguely recall ordering enchiladas but receiving something that did not even remotely resemble the dish.
The corn tortillas were the only redeeming factor, but the meat inside was overcooked to the point of being dry, tasteless, crunch.
The rice and beans looked suspicious and tasted worse- I don't think I've seen beans that far gone outside of a dumpster.
The complimentary chips were stale.
The salsa was watery.
The food looked and tasted, in short, very old.
The café is small and simple, décor next to nonexistent, and the service is just as minimal.
And I don't mean that in a good way.

