We went to Vegas to meet up with family for the holidays and randomly did the Trikke tour thru downtown while checking out the Container Park (super cool btw) and omg - I I totally want to get a Trikke now!
So cool!
I'd seen tours in other cities on segways   and though i love the sustainability concept, i just couldn't get over the cheesiness factor but Trkkes are totally different.
They look cool and they're super fun to ride once you get the hang of it.
The only thing dorky about it was the big dumb smile i had on my face the whole time we were riding them.
;)  To boot, I had no idea Vegas was so cool!
Downtown has been totally revamped with all these murals and super rad, sustainability-minded shops and such and our Trikke guide knew all the juicy details.
I'd been to Vegas a bunch of times but had never seen this part of it.
I will totally come back now and I'm saving up to buy a Trikke!

My wife scheduled our trikke tour and i agreed mostly because I wanted to visit the new container park.
I can't even explain how much fun we had on the hour long tour.
We want to go again asap and we feel like we made life long friends with the owners.
Also learning about all the cool things going on downtown was super interesting.
I highly recommend this tour.

This is one of the most fun experiences I've had in Las Vegas!!
Fred is absolutely awesome, and he really took the time to explain how to operate the trikke, with ample practice time, and made sure you felt 100% comfortable.
I never felt rushed or hurried, and he checked in on me several times throughout to make sure I was doing well.
Riding the trikke was a blast, and I saw things downtown that i had never seen before.
Customer service, friendliness and overall experience makes this a must do, and an A+ in my book!

I can not say enough about how much fun this is!
we took my step son who is 18 with us, he wasn't too excited about it, but by the time we were rolling he was having a blast!
Ann is so helpful and Fred is a rock star!
he is so entertaining and informative.
as a long time resident of Las Vegas, I am always complaining that we don't have any culture here....well now we do!
the location of Trikke bikes ( the container park) is so cool!
and the down town tour Fred took us on was amazing!
who knew so much cool stuff is going on right here in our own city?
if you are tired of the smoky casinos and are looking for something different and so much fun to do definitely try this, you won't be disapointed.

I went with a group of 6 friends and had a BLAST!
All of us were over 50...some way over with little or no experience with anything like this.
The tour was great.
There is so much to see in the new downtown Las Vegas.
Fred did a great job on showing us the beautiful murals and the renovations in the area.
He was also patient and attentive to make sure that everyone stayed together and got the full benefit of the tour.
I am doing it again with some out of town visitors.

I saw a security officer riding a Trikke Pon-e at a park near my house and said "that looks so fun.
"  He told me about the Trikke store, and that they have tours so you can try it out.
I ended up going on the downtown art tour.
The tour was fantastic and I really enjoyed the ride.
If you've never rode one, take one of the tours.
It is REALLY fun!
I liked riding the Trikke so much, I ended up deciding I wanted to buy one.
With a handful of options, I wasn't sure were to start.
I really can't stress enough how helpful Ann and Fred were with this.
I had so many questions.
I sent them countless emails and phone calls.
They really took the time to answer and explain everything to me.
They were great through the whole process, a demo ride, setting up my new Trikke, rider orientation, and riding tips.
I ended up getting a Pon-e 48V and absolutely love it.
Thanks again Ann and Fred!

