Went to The Gelato Spot to check this place out before it opened.
Met the owner, Tommy and he seems like a really nice guy who cares about the quality of his business.
Can't wait for this place to open in March!

The opening of this hot new restaurant has been a long time coming...
I've seen the stairs leading up from Gelato Spot in Old Town for well over a year now, and heard the "Cliff Notes" version of the story for SSLB since before I noticed those stairs!
I attended a soft opening at SSLB on Thursday night and I walked away a little buzzed, with a full belly, and pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food.
It's obvious that Tommy P, owner of both Gelato Spot and SSLB, has put blood, sweat and tears into making his latest concept come to fruition.
He's put a marvelous team in place, and it's no secret that he and his staff have paid close attention to detail in everything from the design and flow of the space, the prohibition-esque atmosphere, unique hand-crafted cocktail list, creative cuisine, etc...  My group enjoyed a variety of the cocktails on the menu...
I didn't see anything with vodka (my go-to), so I opted for the "high & tight," a champagne cocktail made with lunetta prosecco, house bitters & sugar cubes, flamed orange peel.
It went down easy!
I get the feeling that this is the kind of place that you can just tell the bartender what you like and have him surprise you.
We also had a tasting of five different menu items.
I highly recommend the Asian Chopped Salad, the Lamb Chops, and the Scallops.
And in looking at the menu, I already know what I'll be ordering on a future visit:  the Chilean Sea Bass and the 24 hr Braised Beef Short Ribs.
If those two entrees are as fabulous as they sound in the description, I'll definitely be bumping up my review to a full five stars.
Our server was well-informed on everything we ate and gave us detailed explanations along with each course.
We somehow ended up without dessert, but the beautiful thing about this place?
It's literally right upstairs from Gelato Spot, so save some room for the perfect sweet ending to the story aka your experience.
Second Story Liquor Bar will be another great addition to the Old Town dining scene... open for happy hour, dinner, and late night daily, I'll be adding it into my rotation for sure (at least for happy hour and dinner, as I rarely do late night anymore!

Where to begin?
With the cocktails which must have been witch-crafted to have such fine balance, flavor and originality?
Or should I describe the posh decor and polished dark woods bathed in the glow of a gorgeous central chandelier?
I could even discuss the wait staff's elegant attire, from lace dress clad ladies to bartenders channeling the long lost charisma of decades past.
But all of that charm and talent pales in comparison  to the food at Second Story Liquor Bar.
I....am struck between an intense desire to keep this place a secret and hoard it for myself and the responsibility of a foodie to attempt to convey how scrumptious it was.
First off, know that I don't have the words.
You will have to try it for yourself.
And when you do, please give yourself the gift of the scallops entree.....you deserve it.
Order the Scallops Carbonar -- gnocchi duo / uni butter / caviar / English peas / chantarelle mushrooms / shaved fennel / everything right in this world -- and never look back.
If you're quick to drop the "I don't like scallops" card I played, just don't.
Because you do.
You like these scallops.
To.Die.For.
But don't die yet, because there are a million other amazing things on the menu.
We started with the Inside Out Caprese - um, yum!
Also had the Duck Breast Roulade.....be still my heart.
Bacon wrapped, golden raisins, sweet onions, parsnip puree, brussels sprouts, orange gastrique.
I didn't even know what orange gastrique was before eating at SSLB, now it's all I can think about.
The flavors, the textures, the beauty of the dishes, it is mind boggling to me how inexpensive this restaurant is compared to the value of the food.
They use top-notch ingredients, the dishes were designed and are plated by people for whom food is an art.
Everything they should have thought of to make this place special and original, they did.
I will literally live here all summer, that much is guaranteed.
Do yourself a favor and have your next date night or ladies night or night out by yourself celebrating your awesomeness at Second Story Liquor Bar.
I'll be there.

We (me and my wife) went here, lured by the "Liquor Bar" in the title.
We wanted a quiet bar to get a couple of drinks.
Food wasn't what we were looking for.
The staff told us that the place had only been open a week as we went in.
A lot of time was spent telling us how great the drinks and food is, but it took a while to actually get the drinks.
It was ok - If you are looking for food I suspect it will be very good - the food sounded great but we were not hungry.
The location is excellent, outside on the veranda looking over the street.
The staff were very friendly and well presented (I had to remember to look at the face).
So my advice to the staff is -- Relax, get a drink in the hands of your customers quickly, and find out if people want food before pushing it.
With a name like a 'Liquor Bar' you probably get many customers just looking for drinks.
You have an excellent location and good drinks and probably good food.
Also turn the music down.
A quiet bar encourages conversation which makes for a great bar.
I'll probably be back next time I visit but I'll be sure to let them know I don't want food early if I don't want food.

I had the great pleasure to dine here on Sunday... Wow what great staff Friendly, knowledgeable on all menu items.
We had the sea bass and scallops both awesome!!!!!
The atmosphere dark and relaxed.They also have a nice patio great people watching.
Good Luck with your new venture I think you will do great...

Wow.
What a find!
Don't like chains?
Like a one of a kind, boutique style, intimate environment, coupled with great atmosphere, food, cocktails and service?
Then, you need to go to the Second Story Liquor Bar, a new restaurant located on the Southwest corner of 3rd Ave. and Scottsdale Rd.
in Old Town Scottsdale.
The name is derived from the fact that is in the same building as the super popular Gelato Spot on the second story!
From the moment you're greeted by one of the beautiful, gracious, classy hostesses, you'll get the feeling you're in the right place!
The menu is very unique and one would be hard-pressed to make a mistake in ordering.
A must have is the seared Caesar salad.
OMG!
A wedge of romaine lettuce is literally seared on a grill, then covered in this exquisite dressing, the likes of which I've never tasted.
I'm a big Caesar fan and this may be the best I've ever had!
I chose scallops for my entrée and, what can I say other than Mmm, Mmm, Mmm!!
You've got to sit at the bar sometime during your visit and ask for John (with the small ponytail) and have him create for you one of the signature cocktails or an old classic like a Mint Julep, Old Fashioned or Gin Fizz!
This guy is a bartender supreme!
Everyone there has obviously been very, very well trained.
The attention to detail is immediately obvious and the wait staff can't do enough to please you.
All this, thanks to the terrific and lovely general manager, Tracey, a Brit from across the pond who takes great pride in her work.
Even the waitresses uniforms are something to behold.
Absolutely beautiful lace creations accented by pearl necklaces.
I love this place and so will you!
Brian K.

My fiancé and I went here on a Sunday night for dinner.
This place was nothing short of amazing!
From the venue to the service to the food and drinks, I was absolutely impressed.
It's small but definitely packs a punch!
We had the scallops and the honey mustard chicken, both were delicious!
The service was five star for sure from the moment you approached the hostess stand.
My fiancé wanted a Bloody Mary but they didn't have any mix to make one.
So what did they do?
They made one from scratch with a juicer in the kitchen.
They go above and beyond to please and will make anything you ask for!
Overall it was an awesome experience with a great patio view of Scottsdale road, we will be going back for sure!

This place is amazing.
I've been waiting for it to open since I saw it pop up on Yelp and now I'm sitting here, with a New England Mule, with my friends, enjoying the rooftop view of Scottsdale.
This place REALLY puts effort into detail.
They use specific ice for different drinks to make the drink the way it should be made!
They also have a menu that looks KILLER.
We didn't eat but I could smell the food and can't wait to go back to test it out.
If you want an awesome ambiance and a place to go try something different in Scottsdale, this IS your place.
Also, the owner and servers are on point!
I'll stop talking, just go!

A great place to relax and be taken care of.
The entire staff is well trained and do their jobs well.
Went in to see what this place was all about and have to say it was the best experience.
Detail was made in everything to make this a great experience from the ambiance to the details in the food.
The hostess Loren, wait staff Cara, manager and owner Tommy all greeted us at some point during the evening.
Cara was outstanding in presenting the menu and recommending foods to us.
Definitely a place to return to.
The menu was interesting and the caesar salad and  salmon special were great.
Then on to the Gelato Spot for desert, just downstairs.
And that was equally as tasty.
We liked this place so much we came back the next night for pizza and more gelato downstairs.

I learned about this place via a New Times email and it turned out to be a great little place.
Seated atop The Gelato Stop, it's speakeasy-lounge type of place with a great menu of Prohibition era drinks.
The food menu isn't huge but that's often a good sign.
My lobster roll (which was my virgin lobster roll) was nothing short of fantastic.
Wait staff was great and it's a fun little place to sit and drink on a Saturday.

I cant wait to get the opportunity to go back again!!!
When we first arrived, the ladies instantly greeted us.
The host then led us to our table.
They were certainly dressed to impress!
They where in white fitted lace dresses along with beautiful pearls.
Once inside our waitress was splendid.
She had a fitted lace dress except it was black and she as well was wearing white pearls.
She had a lace ruffle apron, that was super adorable!!!
Loved it!
She answered all our questions, explained the drinks and recommended us a few of them as well.
Now, i cant remember what drink it was that i decided to get, but when she brought out our drinks...she brought them out on a silver platter!!
:D  The menu doesn't have a large selection but that is not a negative.
I decided to get the duck breast roulade.
It was absolutely sensational.
The duck was wrapped in  bacon, it also had golden raisins, sweet onions, parsnip puree, brussels sprouts, and orange gastrique.
It was absolutely remarkable.
I was so beautifully plated.
i wish I had a picture buttt...i got to busy eating.. One thing I appreciated was that they were willing to work with my very long list of allergies.
This was amazing to me.
Towards the end of our dinner Chef Josh Bracher came out and talked to us for quit a bit about our lovely dinner and our experience.
Its the small little details that make this place exceptional.
I couldn't have been happier.
If you are looking to find a restaurant with good quality food, then you should really go to SSLB.
Reading the reviews wont do justice.
You will need to experience it yourself.
Whether its on a date or even if you take yourself on a date, your experience will be completely worth it!!
5 STARS!!!

Great place!
Cozy!
The bartenders are carftsmen with making drinks.
Everyone, from the hostess to the bartenders, gave great service and were friendly.
I enjoyed the drinks so much I never got around to eating.
:).
I will go back and try to eat next time as the food we saw looked good.

Expect greatness when you walk through the door.
They go out of their way to distinguish themselves as something extraordinary, and they succeed.
From the servers' elegant outfits to the carefully selected decor to the classic chairs and benches, 2nd Story LB is out of the movies we watch and wish we were in.
I took my mom and brother here for a special occasion and that it was.
The food was memorable, succulent, and served in perfect unison with the menu description.
The drink menu was typical for a place aiming at mixology drinks but nonetheless excelled in taste.
I ordered a Diablo something and beyond the taste even the glass was classy.
Our server Brittany was unstoppably attentive, humorous, and A+ all around.
They need to work on dimming the lighting a bit but otherwise the mood is perfect for a date spot.
Last thing I'll say is it twas a shame that some putzes showed up wearing shorts and t-shirts looking like casual tourists.
Though they were perfectly accepted by the staff, this place is a classy joint...so if you go then at least have fun and dress up a bit more than being in your family room on Sunday watching the football game and enjoy the cool elegance of something wonderful.
Looking forward to seeing this place thrive.

Long day of work in San Francisco, racing to catch a plane (that's naturally delayed) and getting into Scottsdale after 9pm -- what do we possibly do for dinner?
When we spotted Second Story, the choice seemed fairly obvious and we were rewarded for it.
It's ostensibly a liquor bar/cocktail bar as evidenced by the name, but don't be fooled -- they make really good food here as well.
To get in, talk to the host outside to the left of the pizzeria and they'll get you set up and then head up the stairs.
Once you get there, you'll see tons of dark woods and lush, deep browns highlighting what is a great upscale addition to the scene.
You wouldn't think this was out of place in LA or New York.
Drinks as you might imagine are delicious and the food is really good.
Highly recommend the Diablo Del Sol, which our waitress listed as her favorite and, as for food, you can't go wrong with 'Don Just Wants Some F*cking Bolognese'* which is only on the happy hour menu.
And the happy hour menu is where it's at.
Sure, you could get there early and do the typical happy hour but what you really want is to get there after 9 and do the happy hour menu then.
You don't need a full meal here -- the HH portions are fairly meaty.
And combined with a few cocktails**, you can get out for a fairly decent price.
The two of us, with drinks, were under $100 for dinner tip and tax included.
The only thing I didn't really love about it, and hence the four stars, was the theme -- having them 'take us on a journey' or explaining 'the story of the menu' that we would 'be experiencing' were a bit much on the pretension side.
But the food greatly outweighs anything else you could dock them for.
And considering they've only been open a month, they'll probably smooth that out down the road.
Try to sit outside.
It's really nice!
* - the story we heard: the owners' father, named Don, owns the pizzeria downstairs and whenever they would take him out to dinner, he always ordered pasta and bolognese.
So what you'll get here is delicious, homemade pasta and some seriously large meatballs.
You can't go wrong.
** - designate a DD, kids.

I believe that the true worth of a serious drinks place ilies in how good their old fashioneds are.
SSLB gets full marks.
Excellent drinks, yummy appetizers and indulgent waitresses dressed in lace and pearls all set in a Mad-men themed bar.
While the inside is luxurious and has a speakeasy feel, the balcony has a cool vibe and offers great views of Old Town Scottsdale and it's interesting people.
Try the Sazerac or old fashioned with the truffled mushroom flatbread.
But it would have been certainly more compelling if they had Don Draper on their menu too:)

I have nothing but good things to say about this place.
The owner was outside to show us how to get up to the bar, and made sure we were seated promptly.
The inside of this place was such a cool vibe!
Very speak-easy kind of feel with a big, beautiful chandelier in the middle of the room.
Our waitress was on-point with her knowledge of the menu, and gave great recommendations that we all were thankful we took!
On top of that, the pace of the meal was great.
She came to check on us just right amount of times, and never when our mouths were full (you know that moment when your server asks how your food is, but your mouth is so stuffed with it all you can do is make weird hand gestures and nod your head?
)  The food was superb.
There was some kind of celery root mash with my meal that you would honestly believe was real mashed potatoes!
Finally, dessert was phenomenal.
They didn't have a dessert menu yet, but our server told us that the chef was trying out a strawberry shortcake kind of thing if we wanted to try it.
Boy are we glad we did!!
Our recommendation for the chef was to put that dessert on the menu as fast as possible because it was insane!
Oh yes, and the owner came up toward the end of our meal, just to OUR table, to see how everything was for us and thank us for coming.
I don't think I've ever felt so special at dinner!
If that's not a 5 star experience I don't know what is.
Definitely coming back.

What a great experience!
Visiting from San Diego and we were referred from a local.
From start to finish it was an A+.
Service was above average and the food was delish!
Stuffed calamari, soup, lamb chops, sea bass, short ribs, steak and run cake were all amazing....not a bite left.
Creative cocktails too!

A lot of attention is taken into every dish and drink made.
Highly recommended with a great atmosphere.

This is a really neat different kinda spot.
I was pretty excited to check it out last week.
The vibe is nothing like anything you will find in Oldtown, and I hope it stays that way.
Very small but the patio over looking Scottsdale is money!
Great idea.
Our waitress had the cutest outfit on-the staff all wore lace dresses.
She was very informative about the restaurant, food & drinks.
We had the lobster roll & their well known burger - I was sold on the mozzarella pattie that was on the burger!
The lobster roll was disappointing, the bread was cold and hard :/  Burger was on point thou!
The drinks were very slow.
And service to receive them became even more slow as the night went on :/ Yes, we started with some craftier drinks offered on their menu but a round  beers were taking about 12-15 mins to get to us.
And not to mention, beers were not cold :/   We lost the waitress we started with and the English /british manager did chat with us and was very charming- but only thinking she was like that to cover the fact the bartenders were not up to speed or they are too busy to handle the crowds needs?
My group was not impressed waiting a long time for beers.
So, funny story.
I was in line for the bathroom and a girl came out , wide eyed- and said "beware of the bathroom, it's very republican!
" So I entered very alarmed and confused and heard Paul Harvey speaking instead of regular typical music !
It made me laugh!
Typical Scottsdale bar goers are not going to understand such a different thing haha!
But I thought it was amusing..and it a little creepy!
Lol!
Over all it's beautiful and so different !
I want to give 3.5 stars- but if I go next time - my group is going to have to be extra patient waiting on drinks..which doesn't make a Friday night fun.
Hope- they improve this asap!

Went for the first time the other night and I will absolutely be back.
We had the entire experience starting with creative and delicious cocktails.
Had an appetizer, then entrees, then dessert and coffee.
Every staff member is on point... All the time.
Impeccable service and great food.

I am always excited to dine in here!
My friend and I had stumbled across this place in old town one night looking for dinner.
We arrived at 11:30 pm and were unaware that they closed at 12.
Still, we were seated and greeted with great service.
They were nice enough to let us stay until 2 am.
During the time, we got to meet almost everyone.
The owner came out and talked to us personally.
Tracey was kind enough to greet and welcome us as well.
Since then, this has been our date night stop when we are in the mood for good food, drinks, and great service.
The next time that we decided to go was just as amazing.
EVERYONE remembered us and welcomed us back.
Susie was our waiter once again which was fantastic.
She remembered what we liked to drink.
It is hard to find a place with such personal service.
We sat inside this time and it was amazing.
The atmosphere was very intimate, classy, and romantic.
Our waiter talked us into doing a three course meal.
We started with the Pork sliders, then the Duck Roulade, and finally Peach Cream Rum Cake.
Our waiter and the owner both recommended our choices and we were glad that they did.
I've been back several times since and I'm glad to be welcomed back every time.
I definitely recommend this place if you're in the mood for gourmet food and drinks at great prices.
We will definitely be returning soon!!!

Dined here a couple weeks after it opened.
I loved this place.
It's small, with a great atmosphere.....the patio view outside is a nice addition.
The service was great and the food was delicious.
Will definitely be back.

Love the dark, speakeasy vibe of the place.
Have been wanting to check this place out, and finally got the opportunity.
Great staff, great cocktails, great ambience.
I can't wait to return and try the food!

Didn't even know that this place existed until a week ago.
It's such an amazing dining experience.
The food is small portions for the price but the taste is simply amazing.
Drinks are different than most places which is good, it's not bad to change things up.
Limited beer menu but they have good choices.
The dinner menu is fairly robust and the drink menu is extensive!
No deserts, but it's not needed since they are right below the best gelato in Scottsdale!

Few restaurants are good or bad enough for me to write a review.
Me and the lady went here to kick off restaurant week.
The restaurant week menu looked fantastic, so I was pretty excited.
The first course, the lady got the beet forms.
A regular menu item for them, and is a small salad of sorts.
The presentation was very pretty.
The beets were in little cubes, there was some sweet cream drops, some greenery flat on the plate, very pretty, very tasty.
The course was served with a corpse reviver that was very tasty.
I got the sweetbreads.
I really hope they put these on their regular menu, because I would slap my own mother if she got in the way of these.
And I love my mother.
The sweetbreads were nice and thick, a little crispy, and came with some greenery and some green puree that I'm not sure what was exactly, but the plate was clean when they came to take This came with a New England Mule.
Essentially, a moscow mule but with rum.
Flor de Cana gold rum.
A good choice.
For the second course, the lady got the scallops.
They were sizable and incredibly tender.
No rubber texture and not sandy or gritty at all.
They were as scallops should be.
This came with a gin fizz.
How can you mess up a gin fizz?
They didn't let me know.
I got the Chicken Gelantine stuffed with some duck mixture, and sided by some thinly sliced cauliflower and a cauliflower puree.
The chicken was tasty and seasoned well, but the star was so obviously that duck mixture that the chicken was stuffed with.
It was so fantastic.
This came with some drink called Blueberry Cobbler.
Not a drink, just by the name, that I would normally order.
I'm more of a Manhattan/Old Fashioned sort of person.
But the drink was, somehow, not too sweet, and was pretty pleasant.
I probably wouldn't order it, only because they also have some great strong cocktails.
Course #3: The lady got the veal chop served with a mint julep.
The veal was cooked very nicely.
Still pink and just warm center, and it was all sorts of baby beef goodness.
I got the foie gras (not sure why anyone would pass on that...) and it was very nicely prepared.
The foie was a substantial size, and had a nice carmelization on top.
I think this was their attempt to outdo the sweetbreads.
It was very close.
This came with one of my favorite cocktails, the Sazerac.
They used Templeton Rye for it, which I was a little anxious about, but it turned out very well.
We sat outside, so I can not attest to the atmosphere very much.
The service was good.
Our first drinks came out a little after the first course, but that is okay.
We took a look at their regular menu before we left, and we will definitely be back.
Especially if they put those sweetbreads on the menu.
A little pricey, but not for the area.

Came for restaurant week and was not disappointed.
4 in our party and we shared so we each tried everything except the veal and after we were finished our server told us just for restaurant week they were offering an additional course for $10.
We were going to go with the chicken, which was awesome, but she came back around and told us they had run out of scallops for the evening and were offering sea bass with the same preparation in lieu...so we got that and were not disappointed.
I highly recommend this place and we are definitely coming back!

I'll have to check out the regular menu and see what kind of portions you get to confirm, but for now this place gets a 4 star rating from me.
It's a very cozy but well-designed bar atop Gelato Spot.
Its really neat the way they have a viewing glass sky light type thing that looks into the Gelato Spot from the restaurant as well.
They also have a patio that we were able to enjoy because it's still not too hot.
Not the loveliest view, but definitely interesting being able to look down at the comings and goings of Scottsdale Rd.
The staff was VERY attentive.
Can they be a little less attentive?
Maybe just a smidge..  but it was mostly a nice attentive.
On the other hand dinner took about 2 hours.
It was the 3 course for restaurant week, but there were long gaps in between courses.
Not overly annoying tonight, but we were glad we didn't have any other plans.
For 1st course we had the beet mix and the quail.
Both were very delicious and presented beautifully.
The next course was scallops and chicken for us.
The scallops were done perfectly and seasoned pretty well.
I wish more potatoes came on the platter, less carrots but other than that no complaints.
Maybe some arugula or some green would have been pretty.
It was still one of the best scallop dish I've ever had.
The chicken worked less well, we thought the blue cheese though spotty was a bit strong.
It also needed a little more salty meat - sausage or more prosciutto maybe?
The last but not least course was foie gras and veal chop.
It was actually our first time tasting foie gras - though I don't think we'll ever miss it, it wasn't bad and I believe it to be a solid representation of the delicacy.
The veal was tasty, presented nicely in slices over some grainy base.
This dish was also very good but could have used a little sweetness (cranberries?).
All in all, this was a very enjoyable dinner with dishes that were well thought out.
Everyone we talked to were helpful and not pretentious at all which was refreshing.
We're glad we tried it out.
Happy hour didn't seem to include any food items which was disappointing as we're not big drinkers, but I think I would like to return to try some more offerings even at regular pricing.

My new favorite spot in Old Town!
Will definitely be back and become a regular.
So beautiful inside when you walk up those stairs.
Sat outside on the patio and it overlooked Scottsdale Rd.
Great hand crafted drinks that were paired with amazing food!!
Had the best service hands down.
From the moment that we walked up to the hostess stand Sydney (sp) was nice and showed us to a great table.
Loren came out and was so nice and personable explained the delicious menu!
Nicole came to greet us and was warm and inviting.
Told us all the great things to eat and drink.
Ask for Nicole, she's the best!
Loved Tracy and her accent!
We both have a love for champagne.
Met Tommy and he was so nice.
Don, his father, constructed a beautiful place!
I'm completely smitten with this place.
Definitely my go to place, from here on out!
Definitely telling everyone about this fabulous place!

Great place to get an authentic mixed drink.
Tracy was great, she made sure that the staff took great care of us.
We challenged the mixologist TJ to make us each an original drink with our favorite liquor.
He crushed it.
Each drink was perfect.
I highly recommend this experience.

The food for restaurant week was excellent.
The cocktails were excellent (anytime u can get a vesper martini done correctly I am a happy camper) and the service was the shining star, from our server to the gm to the owner it was WIN/WIN all around.
Worth a trip

Everything was perfect.
The service, the ambiance, the wine and the food.
Dishes with amazing flavor and presentation.
Will definitely come back for more!

Absolutely amazing food and drinks.
I love this place.
The staff is amazing.
The drinks were amazing.
The food was amazing.
Then I realized the guy working the door was the owner.
So much love went into every aspect of this place.
I have nothing but respect.

Phenomenal.
Went for restaurant week and had never heard of the place before but noticed great reviews so we had to check it out.
Our "guide" (aka server) was perfect.
She truly guided us through the food menu and cocktail menu.
First course was sweetbreads which I had never had before so I was nervous but they were outstanding!
Even the bed of greens they were on were perfectly deliciously dressed.
Second course was gnudi and again...pure perfection.
Last course for me was duck and it was a perfect peak to the dinner.
Every tiny component of each dish, from the protein to the sauce to the "dust" was just fantastic.
Also I had a Hemingway daiquiri and their signature margarita and both were mind blowing.
We will be back !

We had a group of nine for a dinner reservation on Saturday night during restaurant week.
While we heard nothing but good things about their amazing drinks, we walked away extremely disappointed.
The drinks WERE definitely amazing as I quickly fell in love with their spin on the Moscow Mule (it had maple syrup in it).
The food on the other hand was not very good.
Everyone was served at different times, which made it extremely awkward for everyone to eat and not feel rude at the same time.
Then for the entree, we had all eaten, except one of our friends who had ordered the duck.
We were all finished with our meal, and still he hadn't received his.
When the waitress came to ask us if we were all ready for bill or dessert, he said that he hadn't received his duck.
It then took her another 15 minutes to come back and let him know that they would be making it now.
He asked her if this would be taken off the bill, and she said she would work on it.
The manager was informed of what was going on, but the worst part was she never came by to apologize or anything to our party.
They are a small joint that has a very hard time serving large groups, and it was clear they weren't prepared for something like a restaurant week.
The management staff couldn't have handled it any worse.
Very diappointed in their service.
The only thing I would go back for is for the drinks, but even then, I'm not sure I would want to throw my money their way in the future.

Went to this restaurant on Saturday night for Restaurant week.
Drinks were very good, and probably the only thing I would consider having in the future (if I returned).
The service was awful, and Mgmt was even worse with the way it was handled.
Everyone's food came out at different times, so we never had the chance to eat together.
It became awkward when I was the last person to receive my food, and had everyone waiting on me.
The food and service took about 3 hours to finish our meal, which is unacceptable.
There are only about 40-50 total people in the restaurant, so it should never take 3 hours to get an entree.
I would not return to this restaurant, and only would recommend it to the French or any others who enjoy a 3 hour dinner service.
They need to change Mgmt and service in order to make this place a success.
Bartenders are the only thing keeping it in business right now.

I had been anticipating to eat here since before SSLB opened and what better time to try it than restaurant week!
They had a different menu for the week rather than the current one for the month.
I did all three courses plus the drink pairings.
For the first course I had the Crispy Sweet Breads with frisée sundried tomatoes, smoked pickles green onions, balsamic fig glaze and dandelion mouse and a New England Mule to accompany it.
The dandelion muse was so interesting!
It was probably my favorite part of the dish aside from the sweet bread, of course.
Everything was so light and it all blended so well.
I'm a huge mule fan and the New England mule was nothing short of delicious.
For the second course I had the Spinach Ricotta Gnudi with rapini pesto, brûléed cherry tomatoes, golden raisins, pine nuts, balsamic glaze and seasonal wild mushroom.
I'm gonna go ahead and say that I am a huge mushroom hater but on this night I set aside our differences and actually ENJOYED them greatly in this dish.
And oh my god, can we talk about the brûléed cherry tomatoes?!
I want a lifetime supply of these!!
This dish was paired with a Hemingway Daiquiri which I thought was super appropriate.
Hemingway said these drinks "had no taste of alcohol and felt, as you drank them, the way downhill glacier skiing feels running through powder snow.
" And yeah, I couldn't agree more.
He would've been proud of both the dish and his namesake drink.
For my third and final course I had the Veal Chop with melted fennel bulb, tomato mustard relish, confit tomato and creme fraiche bound farro.
Okay so I'm going to rant and rave about how absolutely PERFECT the veal was.
It was seriously cooked so perfectly!
I could have ordered seconds or thirds.
Probably even fourths.
Actually I would have made all three of my courses this dish.
I could have wiped that kitchen out of this dish if allowed to.
It was absolutely AMAZING.
And the mint julep that was paired with this was so refreshing on that warm Arizona night.
My dining experience at SSLB was nothing short of amazing.
I will definitely be going back to check out and try the regular menu.

I really don't want to let this secret out, I want to keep it all to myself.
This place is COOL.
You don't need to dress up, but you will feel more a part of the ambience if you don't wear flip flops.
I don't want to give too much away, just go and see for yourself.
This is a hidden treasure like Kazbar is.
Don't expect to sit at the bar, it's only a 5 seater.
Love love love it here.

Unlike a lot of yelp reviews, I don't typically do a review unless I've had more than one experience.
I have been to The Second Story Liquor Bar on multiple occasions, some by myself and some with friends.
Every time I have been to this place I have yet to have a negative experience.
The staff is always friendly and is very accommodating.
The concept of this place is new and refreshing.
I was never a whiskey fan until John introduced me to a single barrel whiskey that I continue to drink every time I stop in.
But, in my opinion, the best part is how good the food is.
The happy hour menu like Chicken Katsu sliders is one of my favorites, to their dinner menu with the steak and crab on top, is just as good as any steak restaurant in the valley.
Keep up the good job because you've not only won me over as a patron but you also have won over my friends and theirs too!

Came in for restaurant and was blown away!
The ambiance is so relaxing and romantic with old school charm.
The food was just amazing...such talent in the kitchen.
The owners came over at each course to see what we thought as well as providing us with their own recommendations.
I cannot wait to come back and try their regular menu.
The menu for restaurant week was foodgasmic!
I do know they had a special menu for the event which is why I didn't specifically review what I ate..duck, foie gras, gnudi...making me hungry just thinking about it!

Excellent dinner, amazing experience, top notch service with a well executed "story"!Well done!

I went to Second Story a while back during restaurant week, and it definitely turned out to be the highlight of the week.
Great ambiance- modern and classy at the same time, with a bit of an old school twist.
The food and cocktails were fantastic.
I got the beet salad to start, which was very tasty, and then a stuffed chicken dish, which was equally good.
They saved the best for last though, with a foie gras dish that was literally the BEST thing I've ever eaten.
Anywhere.
Ever.
It even beat the foie at Babbo, Mario Batali's restaurant in NYC.
Perfectly seared, creamy, delicious, paired with apples and cinnamon donuts.
It was like a meaty dessert.
I will honestly remember that dish for the rest of my life.
Their cocktails were strong, creative, and tasty.
The only slight negative was that service was pretty slow.
Everyone was very friendly though.
Can't wait to go back!

This place is an experience.
Their attention to detail is amazing, the drinks are top notch, and the food is delicious.
It's definitely a nice change from the 'normal' Old Town Scottsdale scene.
When you walk in there you feel like you've been transported back to the 1920's with the decor and vide.
The servers are on point and the bartenders (I almost feel guilty calling them that because they are so good) alway mix up a tasty cocktail.
Last thing, you must have an Old Fashioned.
It's my new favorite drink.

The service here is beyond impeccable.
It is an art form.
They are themed like a 20s movie, the uniforms are black lace dresses with tiny black and white frilled aprons and adorable.
The upper level balcony is tight but cozy and overlooks Scottsdale Rd and 3rd.
The menu is laid out like a script with plot twists and main story lines...
I ordered the four course tasting (up to seven are available) and made it chefs choice.
My server, Loren, was beautiful beyond stunning and elegant as well.
And so too were all the staff and my nearby dinner guests as well!
They have a reverse happy hour which means this could be a good late night stop.
My first drink was the corpse reviver (appropriate as I was reading the hunger games as I was dining alone and lots of corpses in that book that needed reviving... and got it...), and it was refreshing like a lemonade.
The GM even came out to say hello and share some excitement.
And all the while, the music was great!
My first course was the inside out caprese which was amazing and complex and quite large for a tasting item!
And the olive oil dust on it was unique and fun!
It was followed by a perfectly sized sea bass over a bed of farrow, something I would never have picked, but man it was GREAT!
I told Loren that I was avoiding sugar, so I wasn't interested in drinks with sweet and sour or simple sugars... she laughed and talked about how amazing their ingredients were and brought me my second drink... and it was delicious.
My third drink was a blueberry cobbler if I remember correctly.
I could pick my second drink off the menu, but can't recall the name now and apparently some of my notes didn't survive the night.
:)After the sea bass I was served veal, and quite a large amount of it too.
One piece on a bone, the other two not.
I am not a veal fan, but I ate it and as far as Veal goes, it was right on.
My final course was the Prime steak and it was absolutely perfect.
I avoid prime rib and rib eyes as I don't like fatty meats, but this one was trimmed perfectly, just full of amazing flavor and no fat at all visible.
And the mango gelle was great!
Not only did the GM pay me a visit, but other waitresses came out to say hi, and then the owner!
And then the chef!
It is a rare treat to get to talk to a beautiful waitress, her wonderful colleagues, her GM, the owner and the chef all on your very first visit!
Without a doubt, service is their number one mission and so is elegant unusual food!
This has moved into my number one spot for a pre bar hop dinner in oldtown and I will be going back again soon!

One word: Outstanding.
The service here at this bar is top notch.
This restaurant/bar is a cozy and upscale with an early 1900's theme.
It is an absolute touch of class.
I originally came in to have a few drinks after I left dinner.
The general manager came over and personally greeted me.
We began talking and she explained the owner's vision for this place, the concept behind the theme of the bar, and so on.
She then introduced me to the bar manager.
This guy was the most knowledgeable person on bourbons I've ever met.
I originally asked for a Basil Hayden bourbon (which is one of my favorite bourbons) however after talking to the bar manager and him listening to what my pallet is and what I typically like, he recommended I try something new and suggested a Cody bourbon.
I was very impressed at how much I liked it.
His knowledge of bourbons led me to this one and I have now added it to my list of bourbons favorites.
This is an experience that you do not get at 98% of the bars that you go to.
Absolutely priceless in my opinion.
I highly recommend Second Story.
It is unlike any bar you will ever go to.

Such an awesome and yummy and fresh place!
The drinks are killer.
The staff is super friendly.
And the view; inside or out, is awesome!!

Great spot for a date, girls night or just because you feel like eating GREAT food and sipping on a super fantastical cocktail.
Me and some girlfriends went for dinner and were not disappointed.
The Chef came to the table which was a great treat!
I will be coming back here just as often as I can!

This place is amazing, just what scottsdale needed.
A bar with class and all the talent to match it.
Simply the best dining experience I have had in a long time.
Highly recommend it for any event and to finish it off the GM is English!
so nice to see a fellow lady from the mother land.
I would recommend booking, word is out about this place and very popular.

Great food and very friendly service.
The food was excellent.
The drinks were also delicious.
This is a great date spot.
It is fun to sit on the patio.
I would definitely go back!

Great date night spot!
The atmosphere is sexy and cool, the staff are impeccably dressed in classy uniforms (hardly would you call them uniforms - I want one!
), the bartenders were full of personality and having a blast making craft cocktails and there is a Gelato Spot downstairs, so what isn't there to like?

