I was living in a home that was purchased by Invitation Homes.
When they took over they tried to increase my rent by $500/month!!!
I contacted a lawyer who then said that they have to honor my current lease by law.
Everytime I tried to get them to fix something in the home they refused.
They kept coming out and taking pictures of my "trip hazard" in my kitchen but then never fixed it.
Instead they informed me that the owner was not making any changes until after the first tenants moved out.
When it came time for my lease to come up for renewal I called the office multiple times and they kept dodging my phone calls and then I received a letter informing me that they were not renewing my lease!!!!
They couldn't even give me a heads up on the phone the VERY SAME DAY!!!
I would never do business with this company after the way I was treated.
HORRIBLE!!!!!

My boyfriend and I sold our home and had to find a place in a rush.
After looking at over 20 different homes and being discouraged about how much people were asking for places that were obviously not well taken care of, I called Invitation Homes.
All of their homes were in brand new condition.
It was hard to select which one we wanted as their were so many great choices.
They were a little more expensive but worth it considering what I was seeing out on the market.
We had to move in and get keys the same day which they were able to do for us even though it was lat win the afternoon.
Thank you Invitation Homes!

My wife and I recently moved into one of their properties this month .
I have to say that the are nicely renovated and well maintained and make the moving in process very smooth and friendly.
We had a few minor issues with things that need fixed , called their resident services hotline and they were there that day or within 24 hours to fix it!
(JOHNNY ON THE SPOT) After renting in the past from private owners that don't care and either don't fix things when they break or do it when they feel like it ...we are VERY impressed and glad to call this our home.

This is the first time I have rented from a corporation vs. a private owner...NEVER AGAIN.
They will not let me out of my lease (due to a job offer out of state) without paying the rent for the entire remaining duration of the lease (plus I would lose my deposit).
Also, one time the lights went out in a few rooms...I flipped all the switches (twice) and tried light bulbs...to no avail.
So I called them and it was merely the GFS switch...they charged me $50 for that service call.
FIFTY DOLLARS FOR A GUY TO PUSH A BUTTON!
That's more than the gas he used!
Total bullshit.
They nickel and dime you to death.
The rent is more than it should be, but we didn't like any other house that we looked at so we settled.
Appliances are new but very cheap.
We are expected to clean the house upon moving out - carpets and all - at our expense.
Not a customer - friendly company at all....it's all about them making money.

