Evidently this was a place called Posh Nosh till 2007, then de la Cruz Bistro from 2008 till summer of 2012.
Margaritas Grill just opened up about a week ago and I stopped in tonight because I was in the area and ready for a bite.
I had researched it for info and only found one review, on Urbanspoon, which said it was great and meals were priced reasonably at under $10.
I don't eat a lot of Mexican food in AZ because I can get it so easily in San Diego but I'm always game to try a new place of any kind.
The menu is not extensive but has some delicious sounding choices, mostly seafood.
The prices were decidedly not under $10.
Dinners were mostly $12 and up, even some of the appetizers were $12-13.
I got a dinner special that was not on the menu after my server told me about it.
It was a tamales plate with rice and beans for $10.
I am admittedly on somewhat of a budget since I'm just visiting, though long term, and usually just eat out once a day.
I decided to splurge a little and got a House Margarita for $5 too.
My waitress was great, very friendly and attentive, checking on me periodically to see if I needed anything.
A+ for service.
The pork tamales were really good.
They had a lime touch to them that gave them a nice tang, the meat was very tender.
They were pretty mild, which I liked, but some people might find them too bland for their taste if they like theirs spicier.
The beans were so good I was sorry there weren't more, they disappeared too fast.
They were the thinner style so what looked like a wide portion was really a bit small since they spread out.
They would have made a fantastic bean dip.
The rice was also very good, maybe some of the best rice I've had this trip.
The amount was appropriate.
The tamales were neither huge nor puny, just average.
I would say it was a meal worth the $10.
The lettuce wasn't awful, just not cold, crisp, fresh, or seasoned in any way.
It was chopped large like a salad yet had no dressing.
There was no sauce, salsa, sour cream, guac, cilantro etc to add a little variety to the plate.
The Margarita was very good, didn't seem real strong, but I wouldn't have wanted it to be since I was driving.
It had a nice balance.
If I were to make a suggestion it would be to include a dollop of sour cream and maybe even a bit of guacamole and salsa to make it more interesting, and increase the portion of beans.
Beans are cheap, you might as well be generous.
It was a bit dark for photography but I did get a few pics which I have posted.
The atmosphere was pleasant and relaxing, though.
I would say if you're in the area and hungry, this would be a solid place to eat.
If I get back next trip I think I'll try one if the seafood dishes.
I almost got the tilapia fish tacos tonight.

I stopped in here for dinner before heading over to a coffee shop for some music.
It was pretty busy and the staff was a little frantic!
I sat at the bar and waited a few minutes to be acknowledged.
There were a couple of other people at the bar that were also waiting to be served.
The guy behind the bar was very nice and apologized for the delay.
The chips were very good; thick & crunchy.
I ordered the grilled shrimp tacos.
They were pretty good, if a little on the bland side.
Adding some salsa helped.
Overall, it looks like a nice place.
The menu had a lot of variety.
I think, if they were a little more organized & prepared for a busy Saturday night, it would have been a much better experience.
At least the chaos provided a topic of conversation for the people sitting at the bar!

Had high hopes that this restaurant would be a great spot for dinner before shows at the Mesa Arts Center.
We had been to all the previous incarnations with the same hopes but have always been disappointed by the horrible service.
Last night, we took my parents out for their 63rd anniversary.
We wanted a nice dinner and to see a Shakespeare play.
We were seated at 6:20 or so.
When a waitress finally stopped by at 6:30 we asked to order and she said, "Just a minute" and walked away.
I told her the next time she stopped the we had a play starting at 7:30 so would need to get our order in.
She again said, "Just a minute" and walked away.
Finally, she took our order and we had the hopes that was the end of our disappointment.
Oh no, at 7:15 we looked at each other and said, "we aren't going to make it".
At just that moment, our food arrived.
My friend Trish told them to box it up, which they did and my sweetie took it to our car so we could go to the show.
To top everything else off, in my haste, I left without my leather blazer.
I love that coat, it was a hand me down from my mother that I have taken care of and loved for over a decade.
When I realized that I had left it, we went back to the restaurant and it was taken.
Really?
De Garza family, another loser restaurant.

On top of extremely slow, discourteous  service and 45 minutes to prepare food, the drinks are extremely weak.
Had the margarita, had a very slight taste of lime and no taste of tequila at all.
(Check out Ztejas margarita, a good model to follow).
Three lime slices helped taste, but not much more.
The Pinot Noir was my first choice but they ran out of that before 6:30.

Rod our server was awesome!
The shrimp quesadilla was fresh and tasty  loved the atmosphere and will go again, I also love the ladies restroom pretty and clean.

Stopped in and the owner was very friendly.
He showed us some paintings he did, and even sat down to talk with us for a bit.
The enchiladas were good and the carne asada tacos were even better.
I also had a mango jalapeno margarita.
I normally do not like frozen margaritas, but this one was fantastic.
We will be back.

I liked sitting on the couch in back to eat.
The service was very pleasant and attentive.
I loved the chips and salsa.
The mango jalapeno margarita on the rocks was amazing.
The best margarita I ever had.
Unfortunately the carne asada tacos weren't yummy at all.
Very bland, no flavor.
Same with the re-fried beans.
I added a co-workers avocado and sour cream as well as salsa to the tacos and ate them.
Wouldn't order them again!

Came here for the first time today with a co-worker.
Margaritas is so great!
For a $7.25 lunch plate, I got 2 shrimp enchiladas, rice, beans and THE DRINK INCLUDED!
Thank you for not charging me $2 for something that costs you $0.14!!
The food was delicious, and I'm typically not a fan of green sauce.
But I loved Margarita's sauce.
For such great prices, you'd expect this place to be a little divey or "Mom and Pop"-ish (I.e.
like Mango's Mexican restaurant that's just a few doors down).
But this place is totally posh and hip.
Really cool, modern art on the walls.
Clean simple lines in the decor, chic black and white color scheme.
I loved it!
Can't wait to come in for a date night and hit that bar!

My 4th time here for lunch.
Delicious salsa!
And the friendliest staff in downtown Mesa.

