On our way back to LA and needed something to grub on before the traffic drive home.
Saw the yelp review on the other place but wanted to check this one out because it's on Las Vegas Blvd.
Really good food and a really friendly staff.
This is located in the Town Square plaza.
Had the 1/2 chicken and chicken kabob.
Very flavorful and savory.
Was our first time and staff was more than happy to help us and answer any of our questions.
Pita bread is nice and hot!
Hummus is delicious and so is the couscous.
Another plus is that they have a very advanced digital coke machine.
Plenty of choices to choose from.
They also serve beer!
Nice flat screen tvs on each other.
Really can't find anything to complain about.
LOL.
Who normally leaves tip in a dine-in type fast food joint?
Nobody!
But they earned/deserved it from our party.

From a great weekend with friends in Vegas, we decided to grab lunch before we drove back to LA.
We went on Yelp and ended up here.
They stated that they have only been open for 4 days.
The other location had good reviews so we ended up eating here.
The place was clean, the staff is nice and there is parking all around because it's at the shopping center.
Food was amazing.
I got their Chicken and Steak Plate, it had the cucumber salad, hummus, couscous and their serving of meat was good too.
They also gave you a side of soft and fresh pita.
It was aaahh-mazing!
If you want a place with good food for a good value, please go there and visit!
I will definitely be going back!

Grabbed a bite here before heading to the movies.
Had the chicken skewer and steak skewer.
Both were great!
Comes with Pita,hummus,  A salad, and Couscous.
They also have one of those cool new Coke fountains that has an endless selection.
The deliver your food to your table and ask you how your doing after a few minutes.
Was a nice touch.
Walk past all the other overpriced restaurants in Town Square and heat for Crazy Pita!

We originally went to Bonefish but their waiting time was 30 mins.
Good thing that was the case otherwise we would've not  gotten the opportunity to try this place out.
Glad we did.
We got a friendly hello as soon as we walked in.
Took us a little while to decide on what to order but the cashier was super friendly.
He didn't make us feel rush at all...thank goodness no one was behind us tho!
I ordered the mixed grill of any 2 skewers (chicken & steak) for me on that and my boyfriend got the chicken pita.
Great choice!
The food took about 10 mins but when it finally arrived...the food was SUPER HOT exactly the way I like my food.
Hot, fresh,...and YUMMY!
The cashier came and check on us several times to see how we're doing.
Very nice young man with great service and positive attitude.
We will definitely come back again due to not only great and tasty good but AWESOME service!!

Ate here the other night and was a little disappointed.
Being from a Mediterranean background the food really didn't quite do it for me.
They offered the typical meals, however the touch they added just fell short.
I had the chicken kabob skewer which came with a small salad, humus and couscous which wasn't bad.
The only thing that was on point was the service.
The waiter brought my food out fairly quickly and was very courteous.
He cleared our table and plates within minutes of us finishing.
Overall I probably wouldn't go back for the food but I may go and try something else just for the service.

Food is so good here!
Flavors are spot on and will make you crave it more!!!!
And they have lamb which makes me happy.
Always friendly service!

One of my favorite lunch places in town,  always friendly and every time delicious,  I used to drive all the way to Green Valley for this place and now so happy they opened Towne Square location, I've already eaten there 6 or 7 times  since they opened only a month or so ago.

First off, the service here was great.
You order at the counter and they deliver the food.
Even though this is not a table service restaurant the staff was great about occasionally checking on you.
The food was good too, we had a few things:  - Hummus was very good - Pita was warm, tasty and there was plenty - Grape Leaves were a little soggy, the leaves did not have that slight snap that you look for, I would not get them again - Falafel  was good as well  Overall I would go here again, we diddnt try any of the kebobs but they smalled great.

What is there to say about Crazy Pita.
I am keeping in mind that this is a "casual Mediterranean" spot.
That means that it isn't trying to achieve any level of authenticity.
It's just trying to be a business.
With this in mind, it's a fine place to grab a bite.
I'm usually looking for a good place to pick up quality falafel.
So guess what I got?
A falafel plate.
I got an extra chicken skewer with that.
The falafel was... different.
Usually the inside of a falafel is a much lighter color than the deep fried outside.
Not true here.
It was one color through and through - brown.
This is weird.
It also wasn't particularly crunchy.
The appeals of a good falafel were not present, but for quality nothing was lacking.
The ingredients tasted good and appeared fresh.
Hummus is watery.
The salad is light on flavor even though it is completely drenched in olive oil and vinegar.
This is because there are few spices included.
Obviously, pita bread is on the side.
Some roast red pepper is on the side as well.
It's all good and fine.
It's "casual.
"  Service is quick.
Quality is good.
Place is clean.
That's really all that needs to be said for casual.
If you're looking for authenticity, this isn't it.
Luckily, they aren't claiming anything of the sort.
They aren't pushing their hypothetical roots as a sales pitch.
It's just food.
Would I come back?
Sure.

Best Mediterranean food in town!
Perfectly cooked meats with tons of flavor.
Excellent combos.
All at reasonable prices.
Plus the owner is one of the nicest people you will ever meet and helps support the Josh Stevens foundation.
https://www.facebook.com/JoshStevensFoundation

Amazing chicken pita and feta salad.
Great good, great service, clean and very friendly spot & reasonable prices.
Will definitely become a regular here.

I love this place!
The salmon skewers are excellent.
They come with warm pita bread and hummus, also a little salad and couscous.
It's delicious!
The place is clean, staff is very friendly.
They have a small outdoor patio.
Oh and they even have a couple of craft beers!
Great addition to Town Square.

After arriving at Town Square and realizing NO restaurant let dogs in their outside dining patio we stumbled across Crazy Pita with starved stomachs and 2 dogs in tow.
I decided to ask for the 5th time if we could eat in their patio with our 2 dogs and they said "of course" Yessssss, this was the place to eat (considering it was the only dog friendly place)  Food was really good but pretty expensive for what you get.
We got a salad with 2 skewers and a steak pita with 1 large drink = $26 bucks!!!
Oh well but they allowed my doggies to be with us while we ate.
Nice, quick bite, dog friendly.

it's my second time going here and I tried other places and this is an ok spot.
people are friendly and service is good, but not as flavorful to me compared to the other places I tried

I really enjoy the Crazy Pita in Henderson, and I was excited to see that a new location was opening in my part of town.
This Crazy Pita is tucked in the corner of the Town Square shopping center, across the way from Yard House.
It's a very open and inviting space.
The menu is posted on the wall behind the cashiers, and once you place your order and pay, they give you a number to place at your table where they will deliver your food.
I ordered a chicken pita plate; it comes with a side of fries.
My husband ordered a 2 skewer plate (one chicken, one beef), and once we received our dishes we began our feast.
The pita bread is warm and soft, and the amount of chicken they give you is generous.
They add a good helping of chopped veggies and some salad on top.
My only concern with the pita was the meat and veggies were so juicy that it soaked my pita bread and made it difficult to eat towards the end.
The french fries were shoe-string style, but they were just average as far as sides are concerned.
Next time, I will pay the additional $0.99 to upgrade to another side.
Will I be back to feast at this Crazy Pita?
Yup, you bet!
The food is excellent quality, the staff is friendly, and even though it's not the cheapest option in Town Square, it's certainly one of the most tasty!

The first thing I noticed about this little restaurant was how clean and sparkly everything is.
I like how bright and cheery it is inside.
You order from the cashier and then you find a table and they bring your food to you.
They also clear your table, so it's kind of a combination of sit-down and self-serve.
I had never been here before so I wanted to browse the menu a bit, but it was slow when we went in so the cashier was just waiting on us to place our order.
I felt a bit pressured and rushed so I just ordered the lamb pita with a side of French fries.
I was expecting something like a gyro, where the meat is shaved or at least in thin slices, but it was actually kind of large chunks of meat in the pita, making it impossible to eat.
It was really delicious and the meat was tender, but with veggies and sauce spilling all over my hands, the table, my plate as I tried not to get whole giant chunks of meat in one bite, I ended up having to eat most of it with a fork and knife.
I think smaller chunks of meat would have helped tremendously.
My friend ordered the combo skewers and she got chicken and steak.
YUM!!!
This combo came with hummus, rice and veggies.
The beef was very flavorful and tender.
The chicken was good but just slightly on the dry side.
Overall, I really liked it and will definitely add this into my lunch rotation.
Next time I want to try the beef patties!

Good service, fresh pita, with a nice falafel and one of those sweet million flavor coke machines!

I like this place a lot.
If you park in the lot behind "I love burgers", it's fairly simple to walk to.
I always get the Mediterranean salad, add a steak kebab and a drink...the price comes to $12 and some change.
Great price for eating somewhat healthy.
Their Coca-Cola machine rules, it has 100 selections.. love it!

I'm think this place is great.
I have enjoyed the food every time.
The service is always friendly but super slow!
I will go back but not often.
The steak pita is good minus the hummus.
The children's chicken plate is delicious and enough food for my child.
The 1/2 chicken plate is amazing!
They need a rotisserie chicken pita and I would probably come here all the time!
I normally ask for extra olives and they give me a whole container worth every time without problems.
I will go back to this place because it seems that it is getting better every time I go.

This is a casual restaurant where you order at the counter and food is brought to your table.
My wife ordered the chicken skewer plate and I ordered the lamb skewer.
Each came with vegetable cous cous, a small salad, hummus and pita bread.
The food was on the bland side with the meat overdone and dry.
I saved a few dollars by using a coupon I found in the Zip Code Magazine.

My wife and I ate here for the first time yesterday and we will be back.
We had our little pomeranian with us and they accommodated us on the outside patio.
We both had the chicken pita and loved the quality and cooking of the chicken breast in addition to the refreshing cucumbers inside the pita.
The hummus was great.....I would love it if they heated up the pita chips to accompany the hummus to make it even more scrumptious.
That is just me though!!
It was great and we will be back soon!

Sometimes you have to eat with co-workers and brainstorm ideas.
This is the perfect place they have great food!
The pita are phenomenal.
The cuscus was blain.
Not tasty at all.
But the lamb skewer is a most have.

I was so excited to try this place because I always pass by it whenever I go to Townsquare.
Finally, I had time to stop by and try a pita!
I went and got a falafel pita that comes with french fries.
If you'd like, you can substitute it with another side for .99!
The falafel was not that good, however.
I felt like it didn't have a lot of flavor.
I may be a little biased since I had the best falafel back in the East Coast, but I try not comparing it.
The ambiance is really nice.
Its a cute place and nice location.
I am just not crazy about these pitas!
I may try another one and hopefully, it'll be better than the falafel!

I was very excited to try this place, so I came for lunch with friends.
The problem I have is the meal I ordered came out about 15 minutes after the meals of my friends, who placed their orders after mine.
Sitting and watching everyone eat for 15 min made me a little grouchy, but did enjoy what I got:) The server apologized for the long wait, but I'm not in a hurry to go back.

I decided to come here because my business partner frequents this place often.
The restaurant is located in Town square around the corner from Guitar Center, next to the AMC movie theatre.
The good news is that the place is pretty healthy so I will be back since its so close to my work.
But as far as mediterranean places go, its pretty standard fair.
I had the chicken pita as well as the chicken kabob plate.
Both were solid but not phenomenal.
There's a touch of curry in the chicken kabob and it sits on a bed of tiny quinoa (not sure if its quinoa but same consistency).
Also comes with small side salad and pita bread.
It does get a little crazy around lunch so be prepared for a little hectic-ness when waiting in line..they only have one register.
The service is pretty solid as you can tell the wait staff really cares about making sure the customers are happy.

This place is super delicious and we never regret eating there by feeling yucky like a lot of "fast food" places make us feel.
The customer service is awesome, the owner is super nice and it's SO clean.
The hubs and I have gone once or twice a week for the past few weeks just out of sheer convenience.
It's reasonably priced and the staff is great.
They even come clean up after you!
Another bonus is that it has that crazy million drink coke machine!

We ate here over Memorial Weekend.
The food was good and the service was great.
My daughter is 8 and loved everything.
We tried shrimp, steak, lamb, chicken, grape leaves and when we ran out of pita they gave us more for my daughter.
We will be back.

The food is great, the service is way above average, the place is super clean and the prices are very decent.
It's a new Town Square favorite.
Great for before or after a movie since it's right by AMC Cinemas.

Been a repeat visitor and have enjoyed my meals here.
Tend to stick to our usual order of shrimp pita and/or Mixed Skewer Plate (steak & shrimp) which comes with hummus, pita, salad, and vegetable cous cous.
Fairly healthy meal.
Steak can be overdone and dry at times.
Staff is friendly (a wee bit attentive at times if the restaurant isn't busy).
Place is very clean and bright.
Tend to come here if I find a coupon in the zip code mailer.
I'd recommend this place if you're in town square and looking for a healthy meal with fairly short wait time.

31 May 2014, 12:45p  I was checking out the Town Center mall and decided to stop here for lunch based on the reviews.
The restaurant was very bright and airy and the employees were very friendly.
After taking a quick peek at the menu, I decided on:  Mixed Grill of Lamb Skewer and Falafel  While sitting at my table waiting for my food, one of the employees brought over plastic utensils and napkins.
I also noticed they have free wi-fi.
Shortly thereafter, my food arrived and looked fantastic.
The food runner asked if I wanted to try a harissa sauce and brought a small container when I said yes.
The food looked very good and I was pretty hungry so I dove right in.
Hummus is one of my favorite things and the pitas accompanying my meal were very fresh.
Unfortunately the hummus was a little too smooth for me.
I know that hummus varies and the flavor was very good, but I like a little more consistency.
I'm sure others will prefer it this way and I'm in no way knocking the restaurant for it, just airing my preferences.
The salad was also very fresh and flavorful.
I like that the cucumbers were diced allowing them to pile more onto the plate.
The lamb was a bit tough and not very flavorful, but the harissa added a nice kick.
Contrary to some of the other reviews I skimmed over, I thought the falafels were very tasty.
I also liked the roasted vegetables laid over the cous cous to support the skewer and the falafels.
The cous cous itself was very fine, to which I'm not really accustomed.
It also was very light, so it had a tendency to fly all over the place when I was cutting my lamb.
Overall, I enjoyed the meal and the portions are very generous.
I'd definitely return and try a pita next time if I'm not as hungry.
The food was good, the employees are very friendly and the prices are reasonable.

The food is great!
The service is way beyond average!
Super clean!
Reasonable prices!
Also great for catering!
We have has Crazy Pita catered in for work, which is actually how this place became one of my favorites!

$4.97 for a soda * straight face*

