The former Blair Street Brew & BBQ reopened yesterday under new ownership after some well-documented landlord/lease issues.
There is a new menu now, but it's a BBQ joint so the choices are similar.
They are still trying to finalize their liquor license, so if you enjoy a cold one with your 'cue like I do, you might want to wait a week or so to check this place out.
The gregarious waitress was attentive and friendly.
She apologized for the lack of beer and because she hadn't tried everything on the menu yet and couldn't make recommendations, but our family's bbq credentials, of course, exceed Steve Rachlein's and Bobby Flay's, so went with the old standbys -- bbq chicken, beef brisket, mac & cheese, cole slaw, beans, potato salad, cornbread.
The barbecue sauces are less sweet than we typically see in these parts, and that's just fine for me.
The creative twist on brisket -- served with a couple thick slices of bacon that came as lean as bacon can get, topped with coleslaw, mustard and some onion straws -- was well-smoked, tender and lean for the most part.
I made sure to separate it from it's presentation to try it on its own.
The chicken was juicy and smoky as well, coated with sauce and very easy to eat.
The mac & cheese was as good as any I've tasted.
I'd recommend the cole slaw and beans.
The potato salad was seasoned, perhaps with garlic, and very flavorful.
For the cornbread choice, go with the bread over the muffin.
It is baked with real cream corn, which makes it a real treat.
The new owner, Chef DJ, is picking up where the previous owner left off, and serving good barbecue in a tough location for restaurants.
He's doing more than well enough to make it, but you have to show up and keep coming back.
I know we will.

I've walked past this place so many times, and it's always been empty.
I've always wondered what the deal was, but never really curious enough to venture inside.
I'm glad it's open again now so that I can finally give it a try (heard it's under new ownership.
so I suppose now it's not really the same restaurant... oh well).
Well I stopped in recently, and I was very impressed.
I went on a Saturday afternoon... and it was still empty; it was around 1:30 so not peak lunch hour or anything, but I wonder if a lot of people still think it's closed.
It looks like the place is still coming together (one of their storefront signs was sitting on the a table inside, and there was some kitchen equipment inexplicably sitting in one corner of the dining room), but it was comfortable enough inside.
The menu is small, which is great for a BBQ place in my opinion; the focus should be on making a few things (meat, we're talking meat here) very well instead of trying to cater to every taste.
I was just feeling like something small to eat, a lunch item, so I ordered the pulled pork nachos appetizer.
Definitely not small!
This is easily a four person appetizer, and even though I was very hungry I barely got through them.
It was pretty standard plating for nachos: chips, cheese (lots of it!
), salsa (standard canned Pace-style, I believe :/...), meat, lettuce, some chopped red onions and a dollop of sour cream.
It looked really good (see my picture), and it tasted incredible as well,  The pulled pork was fantastic!
I mean it was all good, but the pork stood out even amongst the strong flavors of the sharp cheddar, salsa, and onions.
It was perfectly tender and smokey.
I definitely also made frequent and spirited use of the 2 BBQ sauce squeeze bottles on the table, one a "classic" sauce and the other a spicy iteration.
Having the sauce on the table MAKES a BBQ joint for me, so I really appreciate it.
I'll give them some time to get the place together and then get back there for a more meat-centric meal.
And I fully expect I'll be rewarding them that 5th star at that time.

Surprisingly not many reviews for this great little BBQ joint.
I stopped in for lunch, but my thought was that the TVs and blues music would make for an ideal spot to watch a game with friends.
Great BBQ.
2 sauce types, regular and spicy, both good, both on the sweeter side of the taste spectrum.
Considering the lack of many BBQ joints in Madison, this should be on the radar for BBQ fans.

Had the brisket sandwich with bacon and haystack onion rings, so good!
Atmosphere was just like a BBQ joint should be.
Server was very nice!
We will be going back!!

I am a fan.
I've been to the BS-BBQ twice now and both time I enjoyed the pulled pork.
It comes with a side, I had pot-sal today.
Chunky potatoes swimming in a deliciously creamy sauce.
Not all will like this kind, but I do.
the sandwich comes with a generous portion of pulled pork, topped with Slaw.
If asked for 'The Best BBQ in Town', I would not presume to know them all.
HOWEVER, I will tell you that this is my favorite BBQ joint in Madison of the ones I've tried.
Very friendly wait staff.

I've driven by this place many a times but never tried it before.
My boyfriend and I stopped in for dinner on a Friday night.
It was a fairly quiet night.
Since the weather was gorgeous we decided to sit outside.
The waitress asked us what we would like to drink without offering either of us a menu.
When she did bring out the menu, there were no drink options listed on there.
I asked her for recommendations and she kind of stumbled.
We ordered cheese curds as an appetizer.
It was delicious but pricey for a small portion.
I ended up ordering a half rack of ribs with a corn muffin and a side of mac and cheese and potato salad.
My boyfriend ordered the barbecue pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw.
My silverware set was dirty with hard water stain and his was stained with food residue.
The ribs were fatty and the meat was bland.
My boyfriend had to cut it for me because it was tough and not trimmed properly.
The mac and cheese looked old and was lukewarm, I didn't even try it.
After the disappointing ribs I didn't even eat the potato salad.
My corn muffin was discolored.
His pulled pork sandwich was dry and did not appear fresh at all.
The coleslaw did not have enough dressing.
The waitress was friendly but not very knowledgeable in menu items or drink choices.
I had to ask for wet napkins to wipe my hands after eating ribs.
Overall it was a very disappointing experience.
For two sodas, cheese curds, half a rack ribs and a pulled pork sandwich plus tip came out to about $40.

We've driven past this place several times and recently found a coupon in dollars and sense.
So, we thought we'd give it a try.
If you're looking for "fall-off-the-bone" ribs...this is NOT the place you're looking for.
We also tried the $5 spaghetti.
It was great to dip the French fries in, but contained very few noodles and tasted of bottled BBQ sauce and canned tomatoes.
To add insult to injury, the only beverage we ordered, a simple cocktail, was wrong.
When we questioned it we were told WE were wrong.
After very bites of our food we left it all sitting on the table and chose to leave.
We will NOT be back.

While the flavor of their BBQ is alright, it seems to stop there.
We ordered the rib tips for an appetizer and they were over cooked and tough.
I asked for a Medium Rare Burger Bacon Blue Burger and it was medium well and lacking of flavor.
There are bottles of regular and spicy BBQ sauce on the table and I'm wondering if someone put the regular BBQ sauce in the Spicy bottle as neither one had any heat at all, which is to bad as I was hoping that they would make the fries better.
My partner got a pulled pork sandwich and he said that it was good, though his cornbread was like cake.
Also, the servers (it took two and we were the only ones in the place) ideally should not make you feel uncomfortable and have to be asked for silver wear or plates.

