Hi Danielle C!
Thanks for telling me all about your business!
You have great selection of spices!
It was nice to meet you!
I bought vanilla beans for about $2.50 each and some New Mexico Chile spice, lavender buds and chamomile buds.
This is a very innovative retail spice store!
Check it out and say hello to Danielle!

We had The best turkey gravy I've ever made thanks to The spice outlet!
Wonderful spices, great service, and everything is so fresh!
The best ever!

Maybe they should call themselves "Spice Dispensary".
Feeling like all the meat in my fridge was naked, I knew all they needed was some seasonal healing.
I almost laughed as soon as I walked in at the number of spices on the racks.
I told the friendly attendant (owner?
) that I wanted some jerk for my chicken.
I tasted the dash she sprinkled in my hand and I was sold.
1.86 oz for $3.91 and it comes in a plastic baggy.
I was able sample a few others like their four onion dip spice mixed with sour cream and that was better than any bag of onion soup mix I've ever bought at Smith's.
I also liked the Chinese 5 spice and paprika Spanish.
They also have a huge selection of chili/hot spices for those that kind of hate themselves in a loving way.
240 spices to choose from based on the list they provided me when I left.
I saw some rarities (at least for me) like cubeb berries, zhatar (just wtf IS that?
) and porcini mushroom powder when regular mushroom powder just won't freakin cut it.
6 stars when they start selling "El Pollo Loco" and "KFC" spice?

As we all know, spices are the spice of life, & these folks have it in spades!
Huge variety, very friendly & helpful.
Do your cooking a favor!

A very fun place for cooks in training

The Spice Outlet is a pleasant surprise find that I'm glad to have discovered thanks to Yelp.
When I used the Yelp app to locate it and pulled up out front kinda late in the day on a Saturday the blinds were closed and i couldn't really see what I was walking into.
I just saw the Open sign and thought I'm here, let's go check it out.
So I walked in the door...and I'm glad I did.
Now to set some expectations if you've been to a place like Penzey's Spices this isn't anything quite as extensive as that (at least not yet!).
When you step inside there are various wire shelving units along the walls with clear containers of spices that at first glance doesn't look like much.
But the more I looked around the more I liked the place.
Smoked paprika?
Didn't leave without it.
From chili powder to saffron to several kinds of peppercorns and different kinds of sea salt I found all sorts of things I wanted to try.
And The Spice Outlet made it easy to do so as they let me buy small quanties if I wanted, even a single scoop on a couple of things.
When I asked questions I got answers without attitude and with a smile too.
Service with a smile will win me over almost every time.
Pricing: No complaints.
I felt the pricing was reasonable and fair.
Quality: It's been 2 weeks since I visited The Spice Outlet and every thing I bought from them I've liked and my family liked.
I gotta go back...but this time I've got a much longer list of stuff I need to get.
5 Stars - Earned due to product quality, selection, pricing, and staff that is friendly but most importantly knows their spices!

This place is so cool!
Huge variety and from a little to a lot.
Just walking in the smells are wonderful.

Wendy was very nice and helpful.
Great variety of spices that you couldn't get anywhere else.
We had a list of spices we needed and she helped us find them all.
We are for sure coming back, great store.

