If I could give this place ZERO stars I would...showed up an hour late, left bathrooms and showers filthy, and overcharged us.
Called Marjorie to see if she was willing to fix the problem and she gave me excuse after excuse, promised me a call back, never called back and started ignoring my calls.
Seriously disappointed.
If you need a good house cleaner, look somewhere else.

I would not recommend this company.
Called to say they would be hour late, so rescheduled the next day and they showed up 1 1/2 late.
I had to point out places they did not clean on the floor.
They stained my carpet, my shower curtain, and my marble counter top with the blue cleaning product they use.
Never showed up to remove the stains when they said they would.
DO NOT call this company!!!!

Too bad I didn't check Yelp before these two "cleaners" came to my house.
Didn't bring a mop or a vacuum.
Charged me extra for items that I now see should have been included in my Amazon local deal.
They were at my 1700 sf home for 4 hours and didn't vacuum or mop or get much really clean.
What a waste of my time and money.
Marjorie is supposed to come out to check out the mess they left.
I think I will cut my losses.
I can't see her doing the right thing and refunding my money for work not performed.
All I'll be doing is throwing more time at an already absurd situation.
Live and learn!

I too wish I had checked out Yelp before I bought the Living Social Voucher!
What a waste of time this process was, first appointment got a call well after scheduled time to say she was in the hospital and couldn't come, ok I'm not a monster I understand.
Second appointment schedule two weeks later, once again well after appointment time we can come flat tire.
The owner calls and instead of starting with something appropriate like I'm truly sorry this happened again she give me guilt like I'm  a bad person for wanting a "professional company" to be on time.
Rude, unprofessional and a waste of your time!
Called Living Social and they were wonderful refunded my money and sent a notice to their sales department about this company.
I challenge anyone who has had a good experience with this company to post, so it don't look like only the negative reviewers review the company.
Maybe someone out there had a good experience.

I really wanted to like these guys.
I really did.
It's Wednesday, and I have an event Saturday evening.
Need the place spruced up a bit.
Call these guys up -- they have an awesome deal going at LivingSocial.
I'd have to pay a $35 trip charge for them to get to Gilbert, but no worries.
They say they can come Friday at 6.30pm.
Crap - I have plans then.
OK, I'm gonna re-arrange my Friday so that I'm home when the cleaners get here.
It's Friday evening, I'm excited!
They're on their way, right?
Wrong.
They called to say, about that Sat morning appointment... umm... what?
You guys are supposed to be coming, like now.
What?
We have no record of that.
Huh.. OK. Alright, we can come Saturday at 2pm, will that work?
Sure, my event's at 6 so, no worries.
It's Saturday, 2pm, I'm excited!
They're on their way, right?
Wrong.
2.15pm... 2.30pm... 2.45pm.
This is getting ridiculous.
I call up Marjorie.
So, you guys gonna come by at 2pm, yeah?
Oh yeah, sorry, the girl is sick.
...
So, you couldn't tell me this earlier today?
Well, she was supposed to call you.
OK, she didn't.
Would you like to reschedule?
So I'm like, look Marjorie, allow me to give you some insight on how many things I've moved around to accommodate you guys... she listens for like 30 seconds, and then cuts me off to say, she couldn't foresee the girl getting sick, she's sorry for the inconvenience, and would I like to reschedule.
I say, Marjorie, I get all that, I just want you to understand things from the customer's point of view, and I feel like you're not listening.
She tells me she's trying to listen, but she has a migraine and really just wants to know if I want to reschedule.
...  No Marjorie, I do not want to reschedule.
Ever.

Very disappointed.
Will never use again.
Cancelled on me Friday.
Today, 2 hours late with only one cleaner instead of the 2 that were supposed to come...owner was rude and unappolgetic to me.

