My new favorite place!
Yummy food (try the turkey and Brie panini) and great wine on tap.
Cozy and inviting ambiance, love Kat and Sarah :)

Rad!
Cozy with wonderful service.
Food is amazing and wine and beer selection is well curated.
Yum!

The absolute place for wine downtown.
Love the paninis too.
Turkey and Brie is great and so is the new Italian!

Best selection of wine at the Container Park!
The paninis are creative and delicious - so hard to choose which one to try first so I can't wait to go back.
If you go to the Container Park, do not miss this spot!

Three stars only for Bin 702 and here's why: Very yummy Turkey Brie panini.
The crunch on the bread and the apricot jam just make this a melty goodness and I would order it again.
The negative - two house wines ordered and unavailable, with no offer of substitution.
So I opted for ice water instead which came from the tap of the hand sink.
Gross and a big no no.
This is a cute place in Container Park and the girls working there seem to have it together.
Not sure who the guy is, that came out checking on things and handing out handsink tap.
I'm going to try the Lobster roll next time, but I'll check first to see if they have stocked their house wine.

Had the turkey and brie panini.
GREAT tasting sandwich.
The bread they use is really good, and the meat on the sandwich tastes high quality and they're pretty generous with how much they put on.
The aioli was really nice too.
Only problem I have with this place is their sandwiches are waaay overpriced in my opinion.
Paid about $16 for a small sandwich (that was the cost of the sandwich plus $2 tip)

LOVE this place!
With the gimmick of "wine on tap" your going to have a hard time finding a better casual wine bar in town.
I cant get away from the Gernache Blend.
Its a California Red, and wow is it amazing.
It reminds me of a soft cab, but with a heavy finish.
Ive tried the Riesling, pinot grigio, and one other red, im blanking on the name, and all of these wine choices were great.
My boyfriend tried a few beers and loved them as well.
The manager Kat is a doll.
she provided us with great service.
They dont have any gluten free options on their menu but if you ask the cook nicely he will make you a sandwich in a lettuce wrap instead.
I had the turkey and brie, wow that was yummy.
Its a very small space but they make do with what they have.
This was by far the best service and wine selection in the Container Park.

Great Turkey Brie panini, and a nice selection of wines and beers - all served without a hint of attitude that wine bars have an abundance of.
I very much like this little spot.
If you're downtown, seek out this gem in the Container Park.
This might be my new hang-out.

Nice area they out in downtown Vegas.
About 20 little shops restaurants.
I got the avocado wedge, it was damn good!
Small place, and bartenders are friendly.
I'd definitely check this place out again on future trips.
For you wine junkies, this place might be for you!
They have about 20 wines on tap.

Tried the lobster salad sandwich and a couple of grilled cheeses for the kids.
We ate our lunches quickly as my girls wanted to get back to playing on the playground.
The lobster sandwich was pretty big and it came with a side of Greek salad, but I managed to finish it all.
All was good, although I personally would have liked my sandwich to have more sriracha.
I'll be back soon to try the wines, and I saw someone enjoying a little cheese plate - that looked good too.

Meh.
When there is a gruner vetliner on the menu for $11 when the bottle is a little bit more than that price, I get a little turned off--and I know my wine.
Also, happy hour only M-W.
What?!
Um, the wine isn't that special for me to return for full priced small pours.
I know y'all just opened but take it from a Napa girl born and raised, you should offer a better happy hour--every day of the week, or at least give me a decent pour.
Servers were not attentive on the night I came, and there were only 5 people in there.
I'll be back to try again, and hope for better service, otherwise, I'll start being a loyalist to the Hostile Grape.

This spot is really phenomenal !
From the unique blend of food offerings and of course great beer and wine choices you will not be disappointed.
Their food is really quality; they choose stellar ingredients and add wonderful sauces and delectable combinations which will make you want more and leave you more than happy you decided to try this bistro out.
Prices are a tad high but it's more than worth the gourmet experience you get in return.
Staff are quite lovely and helpful as well.

Really?
You all love this place THAT much??
Why?
Because you want to pretend you're classy and such seasoned 'wine connoisseurs' while you watch 85 strollers walk by?
As you eat your overpriced, shitty sandwich inside the steel walls of a glorified outdoor mall, remember that this is where you are: in a glorified, outdoor strip mall on land that used to be pissed and shit on by all the meth addicts who are currently not even allowed inside the premises.
Oh, okay.
Makes sense then.
This is not a place for locals.
Locals cannot afford to spend $14 on a SANDWICH that doesn't come with anything.
Come on.
I know you're anticipating this place becoming 'hip and happening' but it's not there yet!
I guess with prices like these, though, they are striving for only one kind of clientele.
I ordered and paid $8 for a grilled cheese.
Bread, and cheese, heated in probably a toaster over.
Hello, I just moved from NEW YORK CITY, and if I were to get a sandwich for $8, I CAN ASSURE YOU, it would be more than just two pieces of bread and some cheese.
Actually, at the 24-hour deli down the block from my last apartment, here is what I got for $7: sopressata (and a retarded amount of it), provolone, lettuce, tomato, mayo, onions, pickles, salt, pepper, oregano, and TOASTED on a HERO ROLL they made there, FRESH, BY THEIR OWN HANDS.
any time of day.
for $7!!
and it's always so damn big that I save half for later cuz - seriously - it's that damn big.
This is pretty much a standard anywhere in Brooklyn.
I will take a picture next time and edit this post with it.
One would think, at BIN 702, they'd at least put a tomato on it, or some lettuce, or some SPICES???
Or SOMETHING to give it some flavor.
Carmelized onions?
Hell, I'd even take some raw red onions.
Or chopped up raw garlic.
Just do something to pizzazz it for THAT price.
That would probably cause it to be an extra $5 for those ingredients.
I am still in disbelief I paid for this, if you couldn't tell.
And this happened a few weeks ago.
(For reference - this is what I can expect for **$7** - IN MANHATTAN, in the LOWER EAST SIDE, one of NYC's most expensive neighborhoods, at a grilled cheese-specific restaurant called, "Little Muenster.
"  THE WORLD'S BEST BREAKFAST SANDWICH Crispy Pork Belly/Soft Omelette/Gruyere/Gouda/Kewpie/Amy's Roll.
AND BREAD FROM AMY'S.
I rest my case.
)  If you don't believe me, here is an example: http://littlemuenster.com/menu/  Las Vegas - you will never be NYC.
Or San Francisco.
Not even Chicago, no matter how hard you try.
So please, stop trying with your "artisanal wine tastings" and just be your damn self.
And, if you *DO* want to be like NYC or SF or, hell, even Chicago, start modeling yourself after their politics when it comes to catering to locals.

Excellent!
Atmosphere is great, food is wonderful, and drinks are even better!
The staff was very efficient and attentive!
A bit costly, but worth it!
I will be back, that's for sure!

Cute place in the Container Park.
Super-friendly staff, good food and drinks.
Pleasantly surprised by this find!

I had a terrible experience at this place.
Bad attitude, the lobster sandwich was terrible and they overcharged me.
I love lobster sandwiches, so I went to this place induced by some good reviews about their lobster sandwich.
Not only their lobster sandwich was terrible, but so was the attitude of one of the servers, a lady with one of the sides of her hair shaved.
Although the lobster portion was generous, the lobster was cold, totally tasteless, and bad quality bread.
I had read the sandwich came with Greek salad.
The so called "salad" was just a few pieces of cheap lettuce, without dressing, without nothing.
They carry no Coke or Pepsi, in fact, when I ordered my soda, one of the servers told me that Coke was not good for me.
Since when does a server have to be critical of a customer's beverage preference?
Then they wanted to sell me a Cola, a brand I had never seen before.
I ended up having a glass of water.
On the menu the lobster sandwich was $12, but they charged me $15.
After I disputed the charge, the same lady that criticized my Coke drinking habit refunded me not without adding more inappropriate comments.
She needs to learn the basics of customer service and business etiquette working at a food place.
First and last visit.

Pros: Charcuterie plate, friendly service Cons: None that I can think of  This is a really cool wine bar located inside the new downtown Container Park.
Came here for an afternoon snack with Kristin B and bin 702 is just a nice place to chill and people watch at the park.
We ordered the Charcuterie Platter for $17 and it came with a really nice selection of meats and we paired that with some of their wines on tap.
I had the Cabernet Sauvignon for $12 a glass and it was a nice complement to the food.
The service was really friendly here too and they gave us good wine recommendations.

Umm.....who's idea was it to charge $16 for a 6 ounce mimosa in a plastic cup.
We will NEVER and I repeat NEVER be back and I will warn every single person that I can to beware.

Valentine's Day outing with my daughters.
Super overpriced and the lobster roll I've wanted since they opened, didn't taste like real lobster at all.
Maybe it's white fish / pretend lobster (like you get at the grocery store).
A lobster roll, tiny beer & 2 tiny root beers came to $35 or so.
Yeah.
I added the extra star for how unbelievably sweet  the chick behind the counter was (Sooooo nice) & how  efficient their "chef" was.
But I can't excuse the joint and give them a higher rating for having a good staff.
The place just isn't worth it.

I was here back in January.
My wife reserved a spot to hang out with friends for the night and the employees there were very accommodating.
The service throughout the night was great as they stopped by frequently to make sure we had everything we needed, cleared plates and glasses, etc.
Prices for wines by the glass were more than reasonable, certainly cheaper than the Strip.
The only food I sampled was the meat and cheese trays.
Both were filled with a good variety of items.
It's a cozy spot that worked well in the winter, as it never got too cold in there even with the doors open.

This place is fine.
The food is tasty and the portions are good.
The menu is just the right size - not too big, not too small.
The staff was very nice and the interior was clean.
The prices were steep, but what do you expect?
I don't think it deserves rave reviews (zzzOMG this place is like so hip and so totally awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
), nor does it deserve the "I'm-so-cool-and-hip-and-this-place-is-far-below-my-sophisticated-NYC-standards" knocks either.

I was up the street for an event and snuck away because I was STARVING.
The BBQ place was sold out if everything, as per usual, so I gave this place a try in the hopes it would be good and quick.
Quick, yes.
Good?
Nope.
The point of a panini is to be all squished and hot and melty.
My (WAAAAAAAAAAY overpriced) turkey and brie panini was none of those things.
There was like one slice of Brie on the whole thing, the turkey was so jam packed that it was still cold.
If I'm paying $13 for and EFFING SANDWICH, Brie better be smooshing out the side and onto the table, not cheap deli meat!!
Also, my overpriced wine was underpoured.
I'm still sitting at the table outside on a busy night, and I literally want to tell people to keep walking.
This place sucks.
I shoulda gone to Subway at El Cortez.
1 star for speediness.

If you give this place a bad review it's probably because you're used to summers evening all over Vegas.
This was the first spot here I found that I wasn't covered in douche.
Taryn was awesome!
I felt like I was in a down to earth environment instead of the usual strip.
Thanks!

I am all about second chances, and this is exactly what I did with this place: Giving it a second chance.
I have been there a couple of times just because I happened to be going to the container park for various events.
The service really bothers me there.
Bartender is not exactly the friendliest or caring.
Bartenders are at the forefront of your restaurant.
They are supposed to be friendly and accommodating.
She is far from that and makes you feel like you bother her.
Yet, I decided to look past that.
Last time we were there, I brought in a  group of people, ordered drinks and then sat at tables inside.
Be mindful of the following facts: - The bar/restaurant is inside a container = Small space, limited room to move around - The purpose of the business is to serve food and drinks to as many customers as possible in order to remain open and generate revenue  Obviously, confined space and lots of customers poses a challenge and should be something that the owners of the place would have to learn to deal with, right?
Nope!
My group was rudely reprimanded for talking to each other across tables by who I assume is the manager or/and co-owner.
Even though, we were considerate enough to make sure that she could walk by, she got aggravated and threatened us that she would have to force us to move to other seats.
I get it, she needs room to move around, but diplomacy should be in order when you're dealing with a larger group that spent good money on overpriced, low quality and very undersized poured drinks and wines ($10 to $14 for wine, $3 for water, for example).
It simply resulted in a change of plan and my whole group moved on to friendlier pastures.
I am very respectful of people and was taught to be polite, always say thank you and again, be considerate of others.
Something that is not standard practice at bin 702.

Meh.
Overpriced.
Crowded.
I do understand that in Container Park the establishments are made out of shipping containers, giving business owners the challenge of designing with limited room.
However, there are many other businesses on property that do a better job of utilizing the small space.
We sat at the bar, and although we were very conscious of the space around us, there was hardly room behind us and the front door for the servers to squeeze through.
It was awkward and annoying being continually bombarded by elbows and purses.
It was difficult to enjoy ourselves.
We ended up giving up on this and getting our drinks to go.
Paying $8 for a Brooklyn Lager, I'd like to be able to get away from the foot traffic outside and sit at the bar for more than a couple minutes.
I found the bartenders and servers to be completely apathetic about the customers.
They served us, but I can't quite say whether they were happy or mad about that.
We were hungry, but didn't even bother extended our pocket books any more because of the bad introduction to this place.
Won't be coming back here.

I am reading these reviews and I am flabbergasted by the rude comments.
This place is awesome and if you have a problem maybe you should chat with the owner who is always there...
I have been to Bin 702 4 times...and  I have no complaints  Each time I have been during peak hours  Maybe it's because I own a bar myself and I know how difficult it is to run an establishment in this city....
I have eaten dinner there twice...we always order the cheese plate and we always get extra bread....we tried the lobster roll this last time...it was spicy but good.
I always drink the pinot grigio...its the best I have ever had.
The staff is attentive, the bartenders are always nice and funny...I have never encountered an apathetic employee  Props to Bin 702...you've got a great operation and it'll only get better as time goes on.

It's a great place to have a glass of wine and a selection of deli meats and cheeses.
Make sure you try the deviled eggs.

We had a fantastic night here.
The service was on point, the drink menu is solid, and the food was delicious.
My boyfriend and I arrived at about 6:00.
This was my first time at the Container Park, so I was a bit nervous about how "Disney-ified" it looked.
But, the sun was still up, kids were everywhere; I decided to be patient.
We went straight to Bin 702 and found a table inside immediately, despite the limited seating.
There were three employees working that night and each served us in turn.
They were welcoming and willing to chat with us.
It was a bit loud because there was music playing outside and inside is such close quarters that you can hear other tables and people at the bar clearly.
We had 2 rounds of unibrou maudite to drink and to eat we had the deviled eggs and the "bin" (which is a combo.
cheese board and charcuterie) to start, and then we split the Italian panini.
I recommend you try everything I just listed.
Not a weak item in the bunch.
We especially relished the bin board, which also includes olives, nuts, and honey and jam.
The Italian panini was like the Platonic ideal of a panini: melty cheese and salty meat between crispy, warm bread.
We spent about $80, not including tip, which seems reasonable to me.
By the time we finished, the sun was down and the kids had gone.
We sat outside of the restaurant and enjoyed people-watching for a while.
It was an all-around lovely evening and I hope to enjoy another night at Bin 702 again soon.

The food is great the service sucks never met ruder people in my life, and they over charged paid $30.00 a salad and didn't want to deal with it!

Wine is good, food is good...
I have never met ruder people in my life than the staff here.
The female bartender covered in tattoos was downright surly and acted like it was totally uncool to wait on customers.
I will never go back for this reason.
I don't see how this place can stay in business.

Turkey and Brie sandwich was phenomenal.
Staff was friendly, prompt, and helpful.
Atmosphere was clean and relaxed.
I definitely recommend stopping by for a quick bite or a glass of wine!

Based on F&b and experience, I had a 4 star experience.
Ordered the Cheese Platter.
Came out with Brie, Bleu, Goat Bleu, and a sharp cheddar.
The accompaniments were great.
Crisp bread, olives, house spiced mixed nuts & homemade dried cranberries or raisins.
Great honey.
Apricot jam.
Everything tasted great in different mixes, the cheeses were complimented very well.
I enjoyed the ambiance and our server was attentive.
Tried the Dolcetta, tasted fruit-juicey, to me.
Too light.
Ordered the Cabernet- it was good with the cheese platter.
Would love more selection of bold wines, they have a great beer menu, 7 whites and 5 reds to choose from.
Maybe due to space concerns?
Looking for a big bold wine was my main concern for 4 stars instead of 5.
They had a broader white wine menu for those white wine lovers out there.
I imagine with Summer around the corner, the red wine menu will stay put.
I can see how it would get crowded quickly here, but we had no problem around 2pm on a weekday.
If it was crowded in bin 702 I wouldn't sit down for a nice little meal and glass of wine, as that is an experience that I want to enjoy without rush.
I would grab a cheaper beer and set off to enjoy the life and sounds at the park.
All in all, they did a good job, respectable craftsmanship, creative menu and I left happy.
I hope these businesses stay busy, the DCP is a great refuge in Vegas and I hope it thrives.

Amazing service and the spinach lobster salad was amazing!!
We will come back for more!
For sure...

Wow!!!
So love this place!
Ryan is a fabulous chef who you can tell truly loves what he does and the food he creates!
The meat and cheese platter was fabulous and Sarah hooked us up with great wine suggestions!
Loved the vibe and friendliness and will definitely be back to enjoy it again and again!

Let me start by saying that this place is hands down one of our favorite places in Vegas.
It's located in Container Park and is a hidden gem.
The staff is passionate about what they do, and made our experience one that we will always remember.
Big thanks to Ryan and Sarah for sharing your joy and love for wine and the bin meat & cheese platter.
You guys to rock!
I can't wait to come back again.
What a great way to finish up my Easter weekend!

I was at Simply Pure that dosnt serve alcohol, SO I went to bin 702 for a drink, I asked what was a good drink and she suggested some kinda Bloody Mary beer thing for 8 bucks  1st she fills a plastic 16oz cup with Ice 2nd she adds some tomato juice stuff 3rd she opens a beer I think Bud light and pours in no more then 6oz of beer 4th she hands it to me 5th i say, you want me to pay 8 bucks for that?
7th I let her keep it and went to the place next door and got 2 PBRs for 2.95 each Now Im happy again.

Came here for my break and was greeted by the most friendliest staff.
Sara and Kat are so impressionable and will share their knowledge of their wines and spirits.
They also have food!
Don't get me started on the cheese platters OMG!
I go every Saturday for mine.
It's filled with a variety of regional cheeses, fig jam(my fav), real honey comb, candied walnuts, dried cherries and a huge French baguette.
It all goes so well with my wine which I drink religiously on Sundays with.... You guessed it my cheese platter.
Love you guys!
Keep up the awesomeness!

A kewl bar inside container park.
I had a peach moscato that was good.
I will definitly be back here and its a nice realsing area to have a drink with friends or a loved one ...

Delicious!
Great selection of booze.
Amazing what they can do with such limited space.
Think about it.
This is a shipping container and a majority of their supplies, food, drinks, dishes are all located within the container.
I'm impressed.
Great food and service.

After getting off a restaurant shift at a nearby restaurant, a coworker and I decided to swing by bin702 for some wine and wine related snacks.
I couldn't have been happier with my experience.
Upon entering we we'd greeted by a friendly staff, a bubbly pink haired server named April, and their master chef Deena, who gave us a run through of the menu.
Deena made some recommendations and soon we decided on the meat and cheese plate ($20) and a caprese salad ($8).
We sat down at one of the few bar tables and anxiously awaited our snacks.
Deena brought out a heaping meat and cheese selection and a colorful caprese salad.
She explained each item in detail and suggested pairings.
Nicky, the lovely mixologist, offered a sampling of their bellagria (white peach moscato) and The Last Word (a marvelous gin concoction that they served chilled on tap).
I could easily ramble all day about how amazing this place is, but I'll save you the reading and put it simply: "Honey, wear that cute black dress, I'm taking you on a date to bin702.
This adorable wine and cheese bar at the container park".
You're welcome.

Totally ignored me.
Waited 15 minutes for two drinks.
Missed 15 minutes of "Stand By Me.
" Didn't listen to me.
Had attitude.
Never going back.

Very nice cozy bar..
Perfect for GNO!!!
Service was amazing with Nikki.
She described everything very well and held comfortable conversation.
The place definitely encouraged conversation with soft music and comfy seating.
Will be back!

what wine bar serves its wine in clear plastic party cups?!?!?
#icantevenrightnow

Awesome staff, awesome drinks and amazing selections!!!
Came out here for the first time and selected the bloody beer and was blown away!
Nicky took the time to explain the menu and everyone was absolutely satisfied with their drinks!
Definitely a must when visiting the amazing Container Park!

Cute name, check.
Hipster location, check.
Overall experience...well...
If you're going to advertise a kale salad, and you're going to charge $9 for it, you better damn well make sure you're serving KALE in the salad.
Not just romaine (it was billed as a "kale romaine blend").
Unless "local kale" in Vegas is light green, ridged, and looks and tastes exactly like romaine, I was served a romaine salad on a paper plate with a plastic fork.
Yes, really.
If you can get past the salad faux pas, there are some little gems here at the bin - a lovely cheese plate with raw honeycomb and home baked bread (my weakness), some tasty cured meats (fennel salami FTW), and some majorly delicious beers (I ordered a run-of-the-mill saison and our "in the know" waitress brought me a Goose Island Matilda on the sly, which made me feel like a cool underground hipster).
Would I go back?
In a pinch, and for a beer, sure.
But if you want a high-star rating out of me you better not lie about your salad fixins - not cool, bin 702.
Not cool.

I came here the other day for lunch and got the Turkey and Brie panini, it was amazing!
I'm not the biggest fan of turkey but I wanted to choose something "safe" to try since they didn't have a lot of options.
This was anything but safe, it was a delicious surprise.
So flavorful and perfectly toasted!
I can't wait to come back for wine and to try their other dishes and platters!
Also, their staff is extremely pleasant and helpful.
Container park is a fun atmosphere to be in!

Love this place!
Service was excellent.
The staff was very friendly and accommodating.
I ordered the grilled cheese sandwich plates.
One for me and one for the kids.
The kids loved their sandwich and great presentation as "sandwich fingers.
"  My sandwich was also good and came with an amazing salad.
I'm not one to eat cherry tomatoes but they complimented the salad.
I asked and they said that they can even substitute it as a full size salad since it is not on the salad menu.
I took a star off because they no longer had their everything bagel deviled eggs but still love this place.

Came here with a friend for lunch and really enjoyed ourselves.
I'm pregnant at the moment, so I'm jealous that I couldn't partake in any wine sampling, and for that reason didn't tease myself by even looking at that part of the menu.
I would love to come back after baby to treat myself!
That being said they were more than patient and accommodating as well as knowledgeable about their food menu for my dietary restrictions.
We both ordered paninis, and were sad when we were finished,  because they were really good.
They served them with a few thick slices of pickles, which I loved (duh).
They served my friends wine in the bottom of an old wine bottle that was re-purposed as a glass, which was a nice touch.
I would definitely go back, cute, friendly, and good.
Decor was nice too.

Yummy!!!!!
A friend and I had their cheese and meet platter.
The chef came out and told us about everything on our plate with details from the history about the cheeses to the meats.
So worth the experience and am option to try a wide variety of cheese and meats I have never found.

My office is nearby so I come here way too much.
The staff knows me which is awesome but also a sign I might need to branch out....maybe ;)  I love the cheese plate.
Chef Ryan mixes it up so there are always new cheeses to try.
The staff can recommend a good drink or you can peruse the menu for something.
I usually have wine but the lavender lemonade is great too - not too sweet & very refreshing.
The lobster roll is great if you want something more than a cheese plate.
I've also had the kale & avocado salads.
Both are good.
The plates & utensils are eco-friendly recyclable stuff so don't get bent out of shape when they give you a plastic fork...it's saving the planet!

Cute little place in the Container park...BUT  Walked in because I saw it said wine bar on the window.
I had a pinot noir @ 12 and my friend had a white wine for $9.
Our wine came in two glass cups not wine glasses.
The wine tasted really bad almost like box wine....I expected better just because of the price and the fact that it had said wine bar....I will not come back and waste my money!
So many great bars are popping up nowdays such as downtown cocktail room & Bin 702 is not one of them!

Recently moved downtown so on my days off I've been exploring my surroundings.
Bin702 is located in container park.
It has a wine on tap, great beers and delish sandwiches and wraps.
The turkey and Brie panini is very satisfying.
Comes with a side salad and the Brie is nice and warm.
It has turkey breast, Brie, apricot jam, lettuce, tomato and house aioli.
It hits the spot when your feeling a sandwich..

