I would like to preface this review by stating I understand airport locations are never as good as their original.
With that said, the Zinc airport location appears to strive for a lower bar then most.
It started with the greeting, we walked up and hostess greeted us with a "you're going to have to wait a minute.
"  No hello or welcome, just instructions to wait (not to mention the fact the restaurant was half empty).
We figured, this is what comes with an airport location so no big deal but the greeting really set the tone for our terrible experience.
The service level was consistently bad, highlighted by two exceptionally awful events.
The first was when our food was dropped off.
It was literally dropped off.
No opportunity to ask for anything else or anything.
As soon as we had our food, we realized we needed a knife, but our waitress took off and was not to be found.
We asked another waitress who said said she would get one.
She didn't.
Finally, our waitress came back and upon request, she promptly went to a dirty table next to us to get us knives.
Disgusting.
By this time we had realized our fries were cold which leads me to the second terrible event...  We asked the waitress for new fries, which she was quick to agree to.
After about 15 minutes, a reminder that we were still waiting for our fries, and watching the manager yell at another waitress right in front of is, we finally got our fries.
The fries redo literally took longer then our food originally took.
Look, the point of the airport locations is to provide a good introduction to local restaurants for travelers, but the Zjnc location is doing the opposite.
I have wanted to try the Scottsdale location for years, but after my experience at the airport I'm not sure I ever want to go back.
The food was pretty good (albeit cold), but the service was so bad I don't have any desire to try a Zinc product at this point.

I think Zinc Brasserie will get better and better.
I visited the restaurant only 6 days after they opened.
The good:  The food is amazing.
I had a sandwich and dessert.
I can't remember what the sandwich was called but it was a pork sandwich.
It was cooked to perfection.
Dessert was great too!
(Creme brûlée).
The atmosphere is lovely!
Much more comfortable and elegant than other airport restaurants.
The bad:  I noticed some issues with cleanliness (staff practices, dirty dish ware, dirty tables).
The staff also was somewhat unfriendly and borderline rude.
Love love love Matt Carter concepts.
The Mission, Zinc and House Brasserie are among some of my favorite restaurants.
I can't wait o try this location again and see how staff (and cleanliness) is settling in and improving.

My husband's only criteria for airport food is eating something that won't make his stomach hurt.
That goes to show you how horribly bad airport food generally is.
Zinc has totally bucked this trend.
It's like a real restaurant, guys.
The food is excellent.
The fries are crazy delicious and my burger came out perfectly.
They have an extensive beer and wine selection as well, which is such a nice change from the typical house wine and nasty water beer typically found at airport restaurants.
I'm just passing through Phoenix, so I doubt I will be able to enjoy Zinc again, but locals flying out should definitely hit it up.
Oh and bonus!
Outlets for charging electronics are at all the tables!

If you like inattentive service than this joint is for you.
You want your burger to look like it got into a brawl in the back than this joint is for you.
You want to wait  10 minutes after you sit down for your drink order to be taken then this joint is for you?
Oh no?
run away then and hope the other resturants opening up in terminal 4 open soon.

Basil grilled chicken baguette...... Amazing   Expresso martini.... Amazing!
And.... Service from Beth behind the bar who I have encountered twice now flying out....
So personable and down to earth.
I myself work in the industry and it's hard going out because I pick things out constantly about what is wrong.
There was nothing wrong about my experience today.
Next time I fly out hopefully it's in the C terminal of southwest and I get to come back!

Been to the airport location of Zinc Brasserie twice.
First time was a couple weeks ago.
Sat at the bar.
Served quickly by the young lady bartender.
She was good, witty, very personable.
I only had time for a drink and I had the proseco.
it was good, light, fruity.
Just what I wanted at the time.
The espresso martini looked good.
WIll have to try next time.
Second time was this afternoon, skipped lunch so i can try their warm dungeness crab crepe, which did not disappoint.
Very pretty, very tasty.
light by hearty.
the peppercorns added some heat.
Lots of crab, mushrooms.
good portion for 1.
Will have again.
And now the service...got seated quickly, like the first time, by the requested electric outlet.
however the service by the booth was slooow.
There were a couple young servers who didn't seem to know what they're doing or what they're supposed to do.
just milling around.
had to flag one down for a drink as he served the person next to me.
Thank goodness a more experienced (i.e.
older) server arrived and took charge.
after that, she was attentive and got my crepe out quickly.
quick tip, sit by the bar, order the crab and any drink.
they're all good.
update: server Michelle was great.
almost upsold me to get the beignets and the pudding.
Heart set on pudding which was very good.
have to love French food.
it's rich.
ambience is like an upscale bistro.
Tin ceilings and flat screens by the bar.

Sitting at airport for breakfast, had to oatmeal, huge bowl of steel cut and few berries.
It's good but way too sweet and runny!!!!
Too much vanilla in it.
There are only a very few customers at bar and service is awful.
She keeps seeing my coffee cup is empty and not once asked to refill it, very annoyed!
So if you want more coffee, you have to get her attention or just grab it yourself.
She's a mean one!!!!

My meal was oustanding, extremely quick, and the service was great.
I had only 30 minutes to eat and get to my gate and the staff made sure I wasn't late.

Between my delicious and gigantic omelette, and my fiancé's french toast, we had quite a pleasant breakfast surprise while enjoying an extended layover in the Phoenix airport.
I always like having the option of sitting down and eating in a comfy banquette setting as opposed to being shuttled through a cafeteria line then searching for an open space to sit and eat somewhere three terminals away...
The coffee tasted freshly pressed, the service was just attentive enough, and I definitely look forward to spending a meal here again!

Made a quick stop before my flight and got the Ham and Gruyere Baguette.
Great taste, though the bread seemed a little to big and fluffy, but the caramelized onions added a nice sweet touch.
The fries were seasoned with spices and tarragon, and were accompanied with ketchup and some type of aioli.
At $14 it was pricey, but isn't all airport food pricey?
I was just glad to get a decent lunch in an airport and this place delivered.

Nice place to hang if you are waiting for your flight.
Great signature cocktail menu, (Petiller: Sminoff Raspberry Sparkling Pink Lemonade Champagne), um...delicious!!!
Menu is nice with great options.
This was by far the best airport restaurant I have ever frequented.
Samuel was our server, (we were at the bar), and he was fantastic.

Considering the fact that you are at an airport folks, yes, this is as good as it gets.
Really.
What other airport restaurant compares?
Sbarro?
Some silly Mexican restaurant with fake tub mix marguerite?
Some slimey pizza joint?
And if you're inclined to drop a few Ben Franklins on some expensive wine, voila, ici vous allez!
Nice big round bar in the middle for loners, and BTW airports, most people travel alone so let's make your friggin bars larger eh?
Great Frenchie menu too.

On our way out of Phoenix a couple months ago we stopped in here and ate before our flight.
The service was really good and our waitress was very attentive.
The food was decent, but not anything overwhelming and it took a bit of time to get, so if you are in a hurry for your flight, you may want to skip the sit down part of this place and just get something from the grab-and-go area.
The overall feel was fun and the people watching was definitely entertaining!
The seats were okay, but tightly spaced, so finding somewhere to put our carry on luggage while we ate was difficult, and became more difficult when they sat people on both sides of us despite there being other available seats.
The luggage ended up under our table and we were scrunched for foot space.
Our waitress was really the best part of the whole experience.
She was quick and really nice.
She chatted with us for a few seconds every time she stopped at our table and made us feel welcome.
Overall: Not a bad place to grab a bite if you have a little time to kill before a flight.
If you are in a hurry - get something from the grab and go case.

Great food, great service, lots of seating, nice bar area.
Really like this place because its reliable and the food was great.
And the bartenders are friendly, fast, and attentive.

It was fine.
Not great.
Very few veggie options.
And, my salad and Bloody Mary cost my $25 before tip.
In a pinch, yes.
Otherwise, No.

Not very friendly on your wallet.
Save you $$ and skip the burger.
As a burger aficionado, I was disappointed by the burger.
Medium is medium and not well done.
The meat had very little flavor which is why I assume the mix garlic in with the meat.
Still not impressed.

I got the Pork Belly Baguette and would not recommend it.
In short, the pork belly tasted very greasy, and the bread may have been microwaved bc it was extremely chewy and tough.
It's definitely not a $17 sandwich.
I would've enjoyed a $7 barbecue pork sandwich or a decent burger better than this.
I'd maybe give the place another try but definitely wouldn't get the Pork Belly again.
Also don't be fooled with the lengthy description of their "house frites" for $6.
They're your basic skinny French fries, with paprika on them.

I must have caught this place on a bad day.
The shaved chicken salad was remarkably bland, the service consistently slow, and the prices way too high for what you get.
(i.e., $22 for a salad and a beer, and I left the place almost as hungry as I arrived).
Service:  waiter was slow to arrive initially, then I had a 5 minute wait for a beer.
When the food came, it was wrong.
They quickly fixed it, and it was at that point I realized there was almost zero taste.
I went for the salt and pepper, and, of course, they are too pretentious to actually have that on the table, so I have to ask the waiter for it.
Five minutes and another "I'm sorry" later, I have salt and pepper.
I then witness the bartender spend 7 or 8 minutes trying to figure out which checks were open and which were closed so he could go home (it was 7:20) - all the while ignoring the two women who sat down.
Admittedly, he did look up once and say "I know you're here, I'll be right with you".
Seriously, make sure you cash out before pouring that drink - nobody at an airport bar is in any kind of hurry or anything.
Anyhow, I'd never go back based on my experience.
Maybe they had an off night, but...

Bottom line is that it's still airport food.
I had a chicken baguette and the bread came out tough and chewy as well as my pieces of weird looking chicken.
The place has potential and I would probably enjoy a few drinks here but I don't think I could come back strictly for the food.

Very poor service.
25 minutes to get fries and vegetables.
Ordered wine and coke.
Only got the coke.
Reordered the wine.
Still waiting for the fries and green beans.
This is my second visit to this location and it has not improved since my first time here 2 months ago.
Again, very slow on food delivery  Much better service at Kierland.
Too bad.
I expected better.
They have enough servers to do better.
Management needs to be more present and observant.
It took 25 minutes to get my order of fries and green beans.
The server said '"sorry the kitchen is really slow today.
" Had a flight to catch so asked we for it to go.
The fries and green beans were cold when delivered.
Also the green beans were very greasy.
I won't go back for the food or service.

I will pay the best compliment I can give to any eatery in an airport: I would eat here even if I wasn't in the airport.
Delicious food, and I have received very hospitable service in both of my visits.
The staff knows the menu, the ice tea keeps coming.
Poker belly appetizer with cinnamon and fig and a burger cooked a real medium per request were both fantastic.

PHOENIX AIRPORT:  What a surprise at the airport; a delicious new American option with an innovative menu.
The ambience and service were both great and there were a ton of attractive items on the menu.
Tried a few menu items:  Pâté (3.5 stars): This was fine; it ha a pretty light flavor and was dense.
It leaned a little much on the bologna side of the spectrum.
Gruyere Burger (4 stars): This burger was really good; thick patty, dense eggy homemade bun, and melted cheese with a hint of truffle.
The fries were okay as well.

Quick and friendly.
I ordered the Zinc Croissant, add avocado and bacon, it was delish!
A bit pricey but tasty and a bit fancy.

What a great experience!
My flight on Southwest was delayed so I searched for some liquid courage and found Zinc.
Was able to get a seat at the bar had a FABULOUS waiter.
I don't remember his name but he was tall and talking about triathlons.
I ordered a Rose and a pork belly sandwich - absolute heaven in an airport.
I can't wait to fly again and hope to be delayed!
(Not really.

Only had drinks here, but service is excellent and they have power outlets next to every seat.
Kick ass!

Better than average airport food.
Decent prices.
Normally I never even review airport restaurants.
but the service and food are above par.

When hungry for alittle something in Terminal 4, stop and try the Mac and Cheese ... Yum yum :-)  They offer it with Ham - i had that served on the side ... delish :-)  my compliments to the Chef !

This place was awesome!
I only ordered a beer and a side of french fries but it was enough to want to rate them 5 stars.
The beer was good as it always is and the fries were delicious as well.
They were crispy and had this delicious cheese crumble on top.
Love it!
This is not what you think of when you think of "airport food"!

Stopped for a nosh while waiting for a plane out of PHX.
Located at the beginning of the SW gates.
A nice oasis in the airport.
Has an upscale bar feel.
Decent beer on draft.
Nice food choices on the menu.
Yeah, it's industrial, but a decent job never-the-less.
A nice place in the airport to get away from the airport.

Not impressed, especially at the prices they charge.
I ordered a house salad and French onion soup.
The house salad was only lettuce with tasteless dressing.
Seriously?
What about carrots, tomatoes or anything else with flavor?
Just lettuce?
Come on.
I watched my French onion soup sit for about 5 minutes before it was brought to me.
By then it wasn't even warm.
The cheese on top was only warm.
Not good!
The service was fine and creme brûlée was decent, although it was runny.
Even though this place is in an airport, food should be better.

Expensive but great!
Nearly all menu items are above-good, but their omelette will force you to reconsider that Paris trip in favor of going to Terminal 4.
I actually kinda look forward to Southwest 4506 being delayed... AS MORE OFTEN THAN NOT... boo, Southwest!
But I eat here all the time.
Would agree with Lee though about the pate being a being bologna.
I've had only good service at the bar and at the tables, but less luck at the "high tops" in the bar area.
Omelette and salad again tonight.
Can hardly wait!

Waiter was awesome, food good but wasn't prepared properly, manager while there didn't once check with a guest saw him move about several times even to the table next to us to clean.
It's airport and they know people are captive to what's within the.
Airport while traveling so there'll be others to pass through will not be my first choice next time I travel

What a pleasant place to enjoy some food and a few drinks before our flight.
Food was fresh and the cocktails were creative and fun!
Parhom, our server was attentive and enjoyable.
Thanks again for the pen!
Looking forward to visiting Terminal 4 soon!

Did I land in Scotsdale... Or Paris?!
It's not often that you find a restaurant that can capture the essences of Paris... Let alone at the airport.
But kudos to Zinc!
The Creme Brûlée French toast with fresh berries was excellent and everything from the staff attire to the decor and soft French music pleasantly captured the charm of a French Brasserie.

