This company, Ray personally, assured me that they would fix my car like new and make it safe for my three kids.
That they would use all new parts, just like I was charged for.
I have a 2008 suv with barely 30k miles that had never been anywhere besides the dealer where it was bought with 6 miles on it and they gave me back a disaster!!!
After having my car for almost three months!!!!!!
I have had it repaired at many other places since being at "Fantastic Finishes" and I have learned they put used parts into my pristine vehicle, when they did repair things at all that is.
They used junk yard fenders/bumpers on my car and the panels will never fit the same.
They painted and messed up areas on my car that were not even damaged in my accident to begin with.
I have pictures to prove it.
Do you people think that sane people do not take pictures of their own car after an accident?
This company also forged my signature on the back of checks without my knowledge and cashed it at a payday loan place!!
I am completely shocked by the amount of time and money I have spent fixing my car since I received it back from "Fantastic Finishes" and Ray!
I thought we were helping out a mom and pop place when we decided to leave our car here.
Boy was I wrong, because the only people that got helped out was "Fantastic Finishes" and their bank account.
Shame on you Ray!
Do not use this place unless you looking for a headache and months of fixing your car again:(

Found this place by accident driving around.
Every where I had gone quoted me insane prices for the work I needed on a 2002 Nissan Maxima.
Not only did I get an awesome estimate from Ray, but they completed the job in half the time.
Mike kept me up to date during the whole process.
And it was kinda cool to be able to go in from time to time and see what stage my car was in and if I saw something that needed to be fixed or changed it happened.
When I got my car back it looked showroom ready!
I would recommend this place to anyone...
But just like any body shop that you might go to, not every job is going to be perfect...
Pick and choose wisely...
I just so happen to end up with a great experience from these guys...

Got into an accident and had a lot if damages!
Now after they worked hard on it, my car looks brand new like nothing happened.
They also detailed my car!
So much that it looks like it did the first day I got it.
These guys were awesome.
Took care of my insurance and even paid for my tow.
I didn't have to do anything.
Took awhile but I totally understood because of all the damages.
Overall a great job.
If anything else happens to my car I will deff come back to fantastic finishes!

