This opened yesterday and did not disappoint!
Love all of the new equipment, the 30 minute express area is awesome and the hydro massage beds are soooo relaxing!
And it's clean, clean, clean!
Love Planet Fitness!

I love this place.
It has everything I need.
Not any free weights but that's okay because you can easily substitute those with a couple dumb bell routines.
I'm a pretty decently built male but I hated what this gym refers to as "lunks" that I saw at my other gym.
I have a life, the gym isn't somewhere I plan spending 3 hours of my life at and that is why this place is perfect.
I can just come in right after work, (which I do), hop on a machine and go.
The greatest thing is the 30 minute express area which has everything you need for a quick and complete workout.
And the light system allows for ample rest.
The best part is 24 hours though, it's perfect for my schedule!
Definitely go, $10 a month is nothing compared to the 30 I was spending.

This gym is pretty cool.
For $10 a month you really can't beat it!
But it's strictly a gym, no fitness classes or anything held here, which I wish they did have as an addition to your membership.
Oh well.
Has all the necessary equipments you need to work out and everything is obviously brand new.
I also like the fact that they're pretty hygienic.
Every so often the tv will prompt and remind to wipe down and sanitize your equipment.
This gym is also very clean.
And the huge ceiling fans are super cool!

It has been many years since I stepped into and a gym, lucky for me this place is right around the corner.
Being a lot older and the need to actually keep up with my two kids, I decided to join.
For only $10 a month and no contract, if I didn't feel comfortable I could just quit.
It has been about 2 weeks now and have been there 12 out of 14 days.
So, you can say I can't get enough.
The place is really friendly and nobody ever looks at you like what the hell is this guy doing here?
I have been there in the early morning, evening and afternoon.
This place no many how many or how little people are in the gym you feel comfortable.
All the equipment is new.
Lots of televisions so you can run, walk, bike to whatever is on.
It seems like this place everyone is trying to be helpful no matter what you look like.
No judging here.
I don't regret join gone bit and am thinking of upgrading to the black membership.
You can bring one person for free, massages and tanning are free plus half price drinks.

My new home from 6-8 on weekdays!
I am so glad they opened a new location closer to me and you can't beat that $10 a month membership fee.
It does get a little busy after 5 but usually dies down pretty quickly.
The 30 min circuit area is my favorite, it's one of the reasons I love PF over all the other gyms out there.

For $20 a month you get unlimited acess to everything including tanning and total body enhancement, also massage in chair and water bed!
All brand new equipment brought in feb 2014.
Very clean.
They do have a fairly strict dresscode... apparently to make the enviornment 'less intimidating to the members that were not quite "healthy" .
' Which i honestly find a little ridiculous that i cannot wear a crop top or sports bra alone because SOMEONE ELSE in the gym may feel insecure or uncomfortable seeing my body.... i feel like those people need to just workout at home because that makes ME feel like i am being almost stereotyped to be skinny/athletic.
Im actually trying to BEEF UP.
Shouldnt matter what i'm wearing, i cover up appropriately i think!
Anyways, overall its been a great experience at this facility.
Just wish they would lossen up on the dress code a little bit.

I love the purple machines.
It has a very relaxed atmosphere for a gym.
You can't beat the price for a 24 hour gym unlimited tanning and hydro/chair massage.
Would definitely recommend this except that the more people I tell the busier it will be.
Catch 22 I want the gym to be successful but empty!

Overall great gym , clean, has everything you need to get results.
Great clientele , no attitudes.. My only complain is that they have less then 4 yoga/stretch mats for the entire gym.
They are the paper thin cheap ones too.
And they have  an almost non existent stretching area.
They offer no classes as they do not have a dance/yoga studio.
Easy cancellation policy.
If you have the basic $10 a month membership, there is a zero cancellation fee.
If you have the $20 Black card membership ,they charge you a $58 membership cancellation fee.
As long as you cancel before the `10th of the month ,you will not get charged that months dues.

I was excited to change gyms for a few of the perks this one offered, such a personal training...
However I guess you can only get PT, by kids that don't look older than high school age, during certain times.
That being said, I was never offered a tour upon sign up or much information at all.
I worked out for about a week there but never really felt the motivation to go, it's a fine gym but just felt blah.
Today was the final straw for me.
While working out on a glider, two women (out of shape I might add) that worked there felt like eating their fast food (mcdonalds and Jason's Deli Chili) would be appropriate within 2 feet of the workout floor.
People are trying to lose weight, why would the smell of fast food be ok!
Where is the health conscientious employees that motivate members?!
Then I go to the ab area to find no mats or ab equipment except for machines, I do sit ups on the floor....
Walking out those same two women were standing outside smoking.
What a disappointment.
I'm canceling my membership tomorrow.

For $10 a month, it's not a bad deal but also keep in mind you get what you pay for.
It's just a gym; there aren't any classes, pools, saunas or steam rooms.
The location is perfect for me because it's literally five minutes away from my house, which was one of the reasons I signed up at this gym.
It has all the equipment you need and a lot of cardio machines (but only 2 stair masters).
The stretching area is a little small and only has a couple stretching mats.
It would be nice if they had some stability balls and medicine balls, but I can't complain for the price.
They gym is never super packed so I can get in and out with my workouts.

I am currently a member of LVAC which was my first gym experience.
Because my sister is visiting Vegas for the summer, she got a black Planet Fitness membership and brought me along with her for a workout.
I'll be honest.
I've had some preconceptions about Planet Fitness...the clunker alarms, the purple equipment, the youtube advertisements that always say "no gymtimidation".
OBJECTIVE THOUGHTS:  Upon entering, gym is sizeable and clean.
Locker room is clean with showers, a vanity mirror, and several stalls.
I guess there is a "massage" room with hydrotherapy massage tables, shiatsu chairs, and a tanning bed if you have black membership.
Stretching area in the corner with two precor and one stretching cage.
Two black mats only and the rest are ab machines.
A lineup of cardio equipment and TV monitors.
A couple Smith machines, several adjustable benches, numerous dumbbell weights to select and some fixed weighted bars up to 60lbs I think?
All of the machines look like LifeFitness with the weights adjustable by pins plus an incremental 5lb option.
The circuit room has a Biggest Loser fitness guide on the wall with a timing stoplight to aid in pacing your sets.
10 circuit machines on the outside perimeter and 10 step stations in the center to alternate cardio with strength.
SUBJECTIVE THOUGHTS: The check in desk looks like an arcade redemption counter to me with snack stand tables.
The free pizza day as an incentive to go to the gym was odd to me.
I think a healthier alternative like protein shakes or fruit day would be more aligned to the health goals of those at that gym, especially if they are there to get fit without judgement.
Pizza post workout may cast some judgement.
Massage room sounds cool.
If I had a membership, I feel like I'd just go there all the time.
I'd of course, clean the leather seats down before and after using it.
The stretching area was minimal.
Ok if the gym is not busy but there were times I could see congestion for the cage and precors.
There definitely should be more mats for people who like to do bodyweight exercises and crunches.
Cardio I enjoyed.
Some channels had poor audio through my headphones though.
Loved the circuit room.
LVAC doesn't have room for 1 minute cardio intervals in between circuit machines and those are air pressurized.
These are pin adjusted stacked weights.
More barbell squat racks would be cool because I don't like Smith machines that much.
OVERALL: A lot of info yeah?
I tried to separate the objective from subjective because I wanted to be observant with it being a new gym experience.
For new gym goers, this place gets the job done.
I prefer my LVAC with all its hecticness because for $2 more, I get unlimited variety of classes.
The contract sucks but if you are really motivated to work out for a healthier lifestyle, contract shouldn't turn you off anyway.
This is a great starter gym or for those people who like to get in and out for a workout.
Ending note: The gymtimidation reminder everywhere was a turn off.
Intimidation is a state of mind.
The only judgement that matters is your own for your own self.
YOU NEED to judge yourself anyway in order to assess weak points and progress to goals.
Being skinny is a social ideal but fitness is really a way of life.
Don't let "not being skinny" stop you from continuing to pursue healthy living.

As far as a gym that requires no contract and charges just $10 per month this is Top of the Line!!
But they do have a VIP memberhsip for just $20 a month that includes unlimited tanning, use of any facility nationwide and some cool massage chairs and machines.
Honestly I've been a member of at least one gym for over 25 years and I have to admit I've never gotten more value for my money.
They've even got a really fairly nice locker room facility.
That all being said it doesn't have the VIP feel you'll get from a $100+ per month gym membership.
Nor the pool, jaccuzzi or sauna.
But if your here to get in, get your workout and get out.
They've got rows and rows of cardio machines.
A small circuit training room with over 30 stations and step by step walk thru on how to use it.
There's also a fairly decent Ab's room with almost a dozen different machines.
It's never overly crowded here, you can always get a treadmill  if you want one and their are two of most all of the universall machines.
I'd definitely recommend this gym to friends who are serious about their workouts.

Bummer no scale to weight yourself if you are a non-lunker trying to weight your progress to lunkiness.
However, I do love this facility for it's price.
It's small, but orderly, and functional.
It's got all the necessary sections (machines, ab/stretch/floor work, free weights, and 30 minute quick workout area)  MACHINES: are placed in order of your section in your body.
So say like arms, chest, leg, ab, etc.
They put in order to where when you start in the beginning and work all the machines to the very last you have completed and worked out all sections of your body.
So you really can't confuse yourself on when is leg day.
AB AND STRETCH: Awesome place to work out the core.
I love that swing-like ab machine in there.
Doing floor work is there works, but come prepared to have people do free weight or machine workouts VERY close to you.
never used the 30 minute section so I can't vouch for it.
I pay $10 a month, and it gets the job done.
So I can't complain.
Also, they do have multiple locations which you can use, but be warned that you pay a $3 franchise fee every time you use an out of location gym.

I'm the Duke so I'm not not a fan.
Pros:  -It's just $10 a month and serves its purposes.
$20 if you desire massage and tanning machine privileges and other things that $10 more gets you.
-No commitment.
You pay monthly and cancel anytime.
-Lots of cardio machines which include treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, stairs, etc.
I'm guessing at least 40 machines for cardio so you're not really waiting to go running or walking.
-Clean and well maintained equipment.
PF is still pretty new but I'm always seeing gym users and employees wiping down equipment and cleaning.
If something ain't working its usually fixed asap.
-Almost everything is in pairs.
If someone is using the 10 lbs dumbbells there's another set of 10 lbs dumbbells.
If someone is using the leg extension machine there's another one.
-Equipment are organized and spaced out.
Arm equipment are grouped with other arm equipment, back equipment, chest, legs, abs, etc.
-Lots of TVs at least 20.
-Showers always a plus.
-The staffs friendly.
-Temperature and environment is set right.
-Gym is open 24/7 and the staff is there 24/7.
-The Lunk alarm keeping lunks in check.
-Ive never seen it too busy.
-Free pizza and donuts once a month!!!
Cons (not really cons its more like limits or what they're not offering): -If you want to bench your options are smiths machine or max out with 75 lbs dumbbells.
-Free weight barbells limited to 65 lbs.
-You bring your own towels, soap, shampoo, etc.
Its not a motel.
-You can't drop weights, they'll scold you or you'll set off the lunk alarm.
-No sauna, swimming pools, basketball courts, scales to weigh yourselves.
-Cardio machines don't have USB connections so can't charge ur phones while running a long time.
Sorry Android users with bad batteries.
-No free weight Olympic bars.
-3 showers.
-No classes like LVAC, 24hr fitness, or Gold's Gym.

LUNK ALERT!!
I think my favorite part is the lunk alert alarm.
It just make me smile while I'm working out, even if i was the one to drop the weight.
let me go through my favorite parts.
The Equipment: they have what seems like a million treadmills until it 6pm and everyone gets off work, but you can still jump on one and get to running.
They also don't seem to have very many machines out of order.
Cleanliness: They have paper towels and spray all around the gym for people to use to clean of their machines, which you should do!!
Yo sweat is not my sweat!!
Haha.
They also have people vacuuming and walking around refiling the bottles of spray stuff and paper towels.
I only wish they had towels, i think that would help with all the sweat.
Black Membership: Totally worth it to me.
I usually have a friend come with me.
The black membership includes the discounted drinks, massage chairs, hydro-beds, tanning, and total fitness something something.
I haven;t use the tanning or the total fitness thing but the massages are super cool.
One day I'm going to walk in just for a massage after a long day.
Staff: Always upfront greeting everyone and check us in.
Usually see them walking around as well.
They seem o have an easy job.
They are super friendly when I'm sitting around waiting and they set me up for massages so yay!
Cool things:The other cool part is the 30 minute section.
It's perfect for my lazy days when i just need a quick workout.
It includes machines and step stations.
It has a red and green light to follow.
Only downside is the people who come in and dont move from station to station.
Cons: They don't have scales, towels, or hot guys bringing me water.. Lame..
But this place is still a solid 4 stars for me.
They also have showers and changing rooms as well as drinks and swag up front for purchase.
Cool place to work out.

