I needed a florist for my weding so Lisa owner and operator of Tatum Flowers came highly recomended!
My wife and I were not disappointed, What amazing talent and customer service !

Been meaning to dust off the Yelp pen.
Sitting at the Starbucks across the parking lot from Tatum Flowers I remember having a good experience there and I should tell Yelpers so.
I strolled in around 6:00 pm, on Valentine's Day, on my way to dinner with my lady.
Way to procrastinate, me.
I asked if they had flowers left and the lady who helped me out laughed and said, 'Yes.
What would I like?
"  "Like"?
I don't know.
I'm a dude.
Not a meathead but a dude, nonetheless.
Flowers are not something I get.
I said, "I have no idea.
Can you just throw something together for me?
" She obliged and the bouquet she put together was beautiful.
I didn't know it then.
They're just flowers to me.
My girlfriend was floored, however.
When she pointed out the bouquets at Costco the next day and said, "Those are the same bouquets every other girl got, mine was just for me.
" and squeezed my arm, I was glad I strolled into a local type place over a Costco or Fry's or whatever.
So thanks Tatum Flowers for a personal touch in a rush.

I was interested in having flowers every weekend in my house, and I've been going to grocery store florists for about 6 months.
I needed more variety, fresher flowers, and staff that knew their stuff.
I found it!
Tatum Flowers had everything I was looking for.
A true neighborhood feel when you walk in and are greeted.
Carol helped me and took the time to listen to a guy that doesn't know much about flowers.
My order was ready in no time at all, and when I came back to pick it up, I got to meet the owner, Lisa (always cool for a local business).
Lisa was also great and the arrangement they gave me far surpassed my expectations.
My house has brightened up with their beautiful arrangement.
So fresh too.

I was hosting a hawaiian themed baby shower and needed a florist near where the shower was being held.
Did a quick Yelp search and came up with a list of florists to call.
I spoke to Lisa (Tatum Flowers) about two weeks prior to the event.
I needed two fresh leis and loose orchids.
Not only did she have the best price of all the shops I called, she was the nicest!
I placed my order and she happily agreed to have them ready for me early in the day.
The day of the shower when I went to pick everything up, Lisa had everything ready.
My lei's were beautifully packaged.
I planned to put the loose orchids in a plan vase at the house, but Lisa has some really gorgeous vases at a great price.
I ended up buying a pretty deep purple vase.
Lisa was so sweet that immediately took the orchids filled the vase with rocks, water and arranged the orchids for me.
She packaged it nicely for me in a to-go box.
Lisa was so great to work with!
Clearly she knows what she's doing and takes great pride in her work.
I would recommend this flower shop to anyone.
I plan to use Tatum Flowers again when I am in need of fresh flowers.

I went to Yelp to find a florist near a friend.
I found Tatum florist and I found Lisa.
She was so helpful and took pics of the finished product and texted me to make sure it was what I wanted.
Thank u Lisa.
Will return to you every time.
Lori Agresta

I was kind of in a fog when I walked into Tatum Flowers looking for some sort of arrangement to bring to a dear friends wake.
I did not know what kind of arrangement I wanted and I think Lisa, the owner, sensed I was having a lot of difficulty.
After we discussed what I thought I wanted, she showed me several beautiful plant arrangements and I picked one out that was absolutely perfect.
I was soo pleased with the gorgeous arrangement when I picked it up two days later.
It was so fresh and vibrant.
Thank you, Lisa and family, for helping to make a very difficult time a little bit easier with your outstanding customer service and warmth.

