Went here for the first time the other day and was impressed.
Large park with a side for large dogs and a side for small dogs.
According to the regulars, the parks switch off every month so there's no discrimination (i.e.
no bigger/nicer park for large dogs or anything).
The owners are all very friendly and eager to get  to know newcomers and everyone keeps a close eye on their dogs, which is greatly appreciated.
Lots of rocks for climbers and even an agility training area if your dog can keep on task enough with all these other pups around.
I wouldn't recommend sitting on any of these rocks though, these dogs pee everywhere.
Overall, a clean friendly dog park for your puppy to play in.
Definitely worth a visit.

One of the better dog parks you can find in vegas.
It's on eastern and warm springs, going a bit down the warm springs road.
The entrance is easy to miss so keep your eyes open!
The vibe of the place is very friendly and welcoming.
They have 4 dog parks in total, two are in use for one season and it switches off.
With that, one dog park is for small dogs, and the other is for bigger dogs 45 pound and up!
The community here is really nice.
My dogs have yet to have a confrontation with another dog here.
There are trashcans at every corner supplied with doggie bags, scoops, and rakes to pick up their poo pooooo.
With that it's pretty much a perfect dog park.

This has become our go to park.
The up keep of the park alone sets it apart.
They switch the runs up on a monthly basis to allow grass to grow and all dogs a chance to play in a particular area.
It's stinky at times and there are bad dog parents every so often but it's not as bad as some parks.
There's a nice shaded area with cement picnic tables for the humans to relax and socialize.
Water fountain for the dogs, if your dog is fond of puddles, watch out...this place gets muddy and wet with all of the water run off.
Many of the humans bring balls to play with and buckets for water for everyone to use.
There are poo bag stations as well as pooper scoopers to help with cleaning up after your furry one.
See you soon at the dog park!

Great park for the area.
I do wish owners would understand the staging area.
If you leave your dog on a leash you gonna have a bad time.
Between the gates is where you unleash.
Do this so it gives your dog freedom and allows them to run and not start a fight at the gate with the other dogs trying to be social

Sunset has the best dog park on this side of town.
I have a few that are closer, more convenient, and not as nice around me.
When Momo is in need of some socializing, or ignoring other dogs to sniff, I take her to this one.
The areas are large.
More importantly, they are grassy.
Instead of kicking up dirty with every high speed chase, these dogs can run on soft grass.
Once they are tired, there are plenty of water buckets and comfortable places to flop down.
All the owners are responsible and keep an eye out for their kids.
I never have to worry about Momo getting into too much trouble.
I keep a close eye just in case she sniffs the wrong butt, but almost all of the other canines have returned the gesture.
There are three pens that are kept in rotation for maintenance purposes with one being closed at a time.
The small and large dogs have their own space.
Luckily, because Momo is way too curious about those she can fit in her mouth.

