This place is great - I LOVE MY LASHES!
I got a groupon for the 'sexy' set for $49, and it looks perfect.
The experience was relaxing, the salon was modern and clean.
Only issue was the music was really repetitive and got a little irritating after listening to the same thing on repeat for an hour.
Other than that, overall great experience, will be back.

I've been three times now and I can't imagine NOT going back!
I love them.
The place is so relaxing and peaceful that I fall asleep in the chair every time.
They do great work and are reasonably priced.

Instant Beauty Pick Me UP!!!!!!
I'm very picky and OCD about beauty services!
I used to be an Aestitician and I know the industry well!
I had previously had eyelash extensions that made my eyes swell up, and when they fell out took my eyelashes with them so I was very hesitant to buy a groupon I found for this place.
They are new in town but I checked their credentials from AZ & decided to give it a try!
5 stars for ambience!
Low lights, romantic chandeliers, buddist meditation music, fountains and the most amazing zero gravity chenille plush chairs!
The storefront does not do the interior justice!
I even got to hold a feather lap pillow that was also chenille so my hands and arms would be comfortable!
5 stars for the service itself!
I was greated by a very friendly professional elegantly dressed warm soft spoken woman named ANNIE.
She talked me through the whole process, explained everything she was doing and I honestly felt I was getting a facial as she was very gentle and held my head and face still throughout the process.
She also asked me very specifically the look I wanted, and made sure I was very happy before I left.
5 stars for speed!
I have heard horror stories of this painstaking process taking up to 3 hours!
I was in and out in 45 minutes!
5 stars for durability & thorough explanation of after care!
I was given an eyelash brush, and instructions for care!
I work 10-12 hour shifts bar tending and wear all professional grade heavy duty waterproof sweat proof  makeup stains and eyeliner.i also wear contacts and get spray tans!
In 3 weeks I only lost a couple eyelashes despite my rigorouse face washing and makeup removal!
Unfortunately I got into a car accident and had my eyes taped shut while I had an MRI done to check for a concussion.
I thought my eyelashes would be gone!
I only lost 2 on 1 eye, and 1 on the other!
I've included pictures and the last one is after 4 weeks and after my accident!
I'm defiantly going back!
ANNIE is amazing!
Thank you so much!

After my car accident, I went back to ANNIE @ lash lounge to get my eyelashes fixed!
My car was totaled and is was the mourning of my birthday.
I was very upset, injured and suffering the birthday blues!
I was on the verge of tears as I told Annie they had taped my eyes shut for a CT/MRI scan and had pulled out a lot of my real eyelashes when they ripped the tape off; she reassured me that I could get them restored and told me I was pretty :)  She worked meticulously for an hour first removing the adhesive residue from the medical tape and carefully cleaning each lash, then she gave me the most beautifull fringe of lashes!
I was so happy I took selfies and posted to FB!

Unfortunately I have to bring my rating way down for Lash Lounge.
The first 3 times I went it was good, but the last time probably 60% of my fill lashes fell out in 3 days.
I made an appointment to have them fixed, but forgot about it until they called me 30 minutes after I was supposed to be there.
So, they charged a no show fee to my credit card.
Normally I would understand, I admit I did forget the appointment, but this was an appointment I had to make only because they did a shoddy job on my fill.
They just lost a repeat customer who would have been worth thousands in business over a lousy fill job and a $9 no-show fee.

best of the best!
#vegas Bianca is fabulous!
The environment is chic and very relaxing

Very disappointed.
Bought a groupon for angel flare lashes and was very excited to try this out for the 1st time.
My lashes began falling off after 2 days, and I followed the care instructions to the T. I didn't get them wet for 48 hours and didn't even touch them!
Today is the 3rd day I've had them, and I need to try to remove them myself before I can even go to work tomorrow.
First and last time I will go there.
Also, I have no clue what the lady's name was who did them, but she didn't speak to me the entire time nor did she give me any instructions on how to care for the lashes.
I had to ask the lady who did my friends extensions.

I love all the ladies here!!!
Great customer service and perfect place to pamper yourself.

There front desk person Stephanie.
She is so sweet and is really good at remembering me!

