So there is a Starbucks on every corner but each has it's own unique look and customer service.
This was my first visit to this new location.
I like the buidling structure.
It is quite unique compared to most Starbucks locations that are not attached to other shopping centers.
It has this appeal when you walk in that is cozy.
very trendy and upbeat but still that relaxing coffee shop we know Startbucks for.
The team was mighty friendly.
Properly staffed for the amount of traffic I can imagine to walk through the doors.
Even though I did not walk in during rush hour there was still plenty of patrons who were meeting or dining.
Greeted by the friendly team on staff for the day.
My drink was properly made and served with a smile.
This location is much larger than traditional Starbucks.
Plenty of room to meet a small group inside or outside the venue.

Update: they're getting better.
I got an iced coffee for a day of errands.
Although I still prefer to frequent local joints, this was cold and refreshing.
The service has also improved.
I have gone against my better judgement today by going through the drive thru at the new Starbucks by my house.
I try to support local businesses and want to commend SB for retrofitting  an old restaurant BUT have some reservations about their ability to be successful based on the service I received.
I pulled in behind one car at 3pm on a Saturday and there were at least 5 employees inside with a couple of customers waiting at the counter.
I waited 9 minutes at the window after having to repeat my order twice and when I got it home, it was wrong.
It was a skinny hazelnut and a lemon loaf, NOT rocket science!
To top things off, the guy waiting on me said HE had to make my coffee.
What is that supposed to mean?!
I know your staff is new and are working out the kinks but I expect more from you.
It's not like you have no competition.

Boo so much for adding a business on yelp.
lolz.
Literally was the second or third person here once they opened.
Hehe  Irma helps me every other morning.
She is super friendly and love her energy at 8 in the morning.
:)  I LOVE THIS patio here.
Loveeee STARBUCKS.

Great Starbucks whether you go through the drive thru or inside.
I stop by every morning (drive thru).
Service is quick and the employees are all really nice.
My order has always been correct.
The inside is spacious and there is a nice sized patio.
It's always been real clean anytime I have been inside and even if there are a lot of people, it never feels very crowded.

I was delighted when I found out this Starbucks location was opening.
I work down the street so I thought this would become a regular stop for me on my morning commute.
The employees of this location have all been very nice and welcoming, however, the morning crew really needs a stronger manager to be working with them.
I stopped frequenting this location because of the snail like pace of the service.
No matter if I go through the drive thru or walk into the store the team can never complete my order in a timely manner.
The order I am having trouble with consists of a medium coffee and a breakfast sandwich.
Obviously the coffee is given to me immediately, but the breakfast sandwich has always taken at least 15 minutes to get to me and usually cold.
Somehow my order always seems to get lost amongst the employees.

There have been 2 or 3 restaurants in this location over the past 10 years or so and I think that Starbucks hit the nail on the head by taking over this location.
The patio is awesome!
Great for people watching (trust me, there are a lot of people to be watched from the light rail, to the queens over at Charlie's).
My biggest gripe.
The staff seem so discombobulated with their service.
They always seem to be going in neutral.
I have personally had to wait 10 minutes for an iced coffee which is already brewed and I avoid the drive thru at all cost.
I am not a fan of drive thru's at any type of restaurant.
Overall, this is a great location and I will continue to be a regular but please, get the customer service kinks ironed out.

Staff is great, product is great, poor location.
You will be harassed by homeless people and pedestrians if you sit on the patio.
It is right next to one of the busiest light rail stops.
Constant panhandlers if you are on the patio, no joke.
After I had 5 in 10 minutes once, I stopped going there.

The upside of this Starbucks is that it has one of the world's biggest patios.
Seriously.
It's an enormous wrap-around patio.....like something you'd see on a southern Victorian-style home.....oooohhhh now I'm craving fried chicken.....I digress.
So yeah, they have a pretty bad patio.
I mean bad in the Micheal Jackson sense, not in the textbook definition.
It's even full of misters to keep it cool.
It's still a bit toasty to sit out there in the summer though.
What I don't understand about this laptop-dwellers' paradise is that they have such limited seating indoors.
Seriously.
Half of the restaurant is empty floor space.
Why not jam pack it full of tables and chairs?
Back east, that floor space is top dollar....tables are so squeezed into spaces, you sneeze and you hit the guy three tables over.
Needless to say, you'll need to get there early to claim your spot if you want to sit indoors.
Or you can brave the elements and sit outside.
More tables out there.

