Attended the soft open and it was worth it!
Amazing authentic Italian deli and pasta imported from Italy.
Wine, beer, soft drinks and a nice simple menu with fresh food.
Def worth the visit and price.
Casual place for quick lunch or a decent sit down and conversation.
Owner is from Italy and very friendly.

This was only their third night so they are still working out a few kinks.
Finally, some Italian food in Southern Highlands.
We had the anti pasta with delicious cheeses, olives and meats.
The prosciutto was excellent.
On to chicken parm, spaghetti with meatballs, four cheese pasta and lasagna.
No complaints from the family and we all agreed that the marina sauce was wonderful.
Lots of great looking items in the deli counter.
Will have to go back when not in a rush to take a closer look.
Casual atmosphere, friendly staff, good value for the price.
Glad we won't have to leave the neighborhood anymore for our Italian food cravings.

I saw the sign going up and the name intrigued me.
I was thinking Spaghetti (Italian) western (B.B.Q) I wasn't sure what variety the menu would have.
Well I was wrong but that's ok because I found a great Italian deli.
The staff is very friendly and accommodating.
They walked me through the menu and showed me what items were in the deli case.
The man helping me reminded me of Gru in the Despicable me movies (I mean that as a compliment).
I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and a cup of potato soup.
The soup was fantastic.
The spaghetti and meatballs were amazing.
I will definitely be back.
-1 star for not having any minions.
:-)

First let me say that I'm so excited this place finally opened!
Today I went in and the staff was very friendly and helpful!I ordered my food (spaghetti w/meat sauce) to go and it was really good!
While i was waiting they provided me with a sample plate of prosciutto and cheese... so yummy!
The prosciutto was soft and light and not too salty and it blended with the cheese so delightfully!
The only downside which is part of working out the kinks is there was no plastic wear or napkins in the to-go bag.
That's half my fault for not asking.
Also wished they had a green house salad but they don't :(  All in all very happy to have them as part of the neighborhood!

Authentic Italian deli foods!!!
Best soup ever...Minestrone alla Genovese soup!!!!!
Not your typical Las Vegas cookie cutter franchise food.
Worth checking out!

I love this place.
Been twice and everything is delicious.
The homemade soups are yummy, spaghetti western from the few bites I stole was great but you cannot find a better antipasto in LV.
Andrea is from Italy and has managed to bring the food and authentic experience to southern highlands.
Bravo!
Looking forward to next Sundays supper.

Wonderful great tasting food no fancy flair JUST GREAT FOOD FRIENDLY SERVICE GOOD PRICES.
VERY CLEAN you have to try their taramasue it is heaven.
Durning our Waite the owner gave us samples of real Italian imported parachute ham and imported cheese everything is made fresh at the restaurant and you can taste the difference.
You have to give this a try

Support this restaurant!
We don't have many good restaurants in Southern Highlands and this place is amazing.
After living in Brooklyn for 3 years, I was looking for an Italian deli like the ones there and this place exceeded that.
I've had the spaghetty western, arrabbiata, chicken parm focaccia, and took home fresh mozzarella & prosciutto.
Everything was delicious and better than most of the places I had in NYC.

For the price and portions, this place is amazing.
Truly authentic, but a little more salty than I expected.
The meat lasagna was great.
I ate here several different nights and there must have been different cooks.
The older one came out one night and that was the night everything was too salty.
The middle age cook had far better cooking skills, it was his meat lasagna that had us back.
The 5 strs are for the nights there is the amazing cook.
I tried the stuffed peppers, avoid it.
It was not good.
The spaghetti with meatballs is awesome.
The illy cappuccino is great.
It is in the small shopping center.
I prefer the Italian waitress, she barely spoke English and was terrific at teaching Italian.

Walked in to place a to-go order.
Lady told us to have seat and she'll be with us soon.
Another family comes in, does the same.
Then about 5 more people come and she took all their orders without acknowledging us so we left after 10 mins, they didn't even notice us walk out.
Might try again another night but not anytime soon.

Came for lunch.
Chicken parm sandwich was tasty and the meatball sandwich was pretty good.
A bit slow to serve but everything is made fresh.
True Italian deli.
Next time I'm having the prosciutto for sure.

I recently just tried this an had the most amazing food for under 15$.
The man up front is so damn nice and I order classic spaghetti and meatballs and asked for some prosciutto app.
He brought out about a half lb of prosciutto and added a few slices of tomatoes and some buffalo mozzarella which was so tasty.
It's the little kind gestures like this that keep people coming back.
I will definitely make this one of my regular spots.
The prosciutto wS some of the freshest I ever had and the meatballs and spaghetti made for some wonderful left overs.
Again.
All of this under 15$.
Can't beat it.

Still super friendly service and wonderful food.
Specials change daily with different soups, pasta offerings and sandwiches.
We have been at least every week or week and a half since opening and we love our Spaghetty Western.
Yes, it can get a little crowded at times but it is worth the wait.
I never have to worry about leftovers uneaten in the fridge.
Have ordered items for guests at a party and the reviews have been great.
I cook at home 98% of the time so it is nice to have a neighborhood restaurant that isn't a chain with quality ingredients.

3.75 stars  The first question I asked, "Do you have turkey?".
After I got a continuous earful with a strong Italian accent that was barely understood....he went on and on about what they do have.
The long and short of it, they don't.
It's not an Italian market, but it is a true Italian deli.
They don't have boars head like a typical place.
SW is more befitting to locals.
I wouldn't go out of my way.
It looks like a deli, not a restaurant.
Meatball Sandwich ================ Presentation - 5.0 stars.
It measured 8-9 inches.
Uncut, and beautiful.
Pick-up Ability - 1.0 stars.
It was mush in my hands.
Too much sauce.
This doesn't happen at Capriotti's!
Meatballs (3.0 stars) - Heavy, not bready enough to be light.
Sauce (2.0 stars) - a sharp taste, like vinegar.
Cheese (5.0 stars) - wonderful quality of both parm and mozzarella.
Bread (5.0 stars) - amazing.
Toasty and fresh.
Talkative, but a very nice man.
Lasagne looks great, and huge slices at that.
It might be worth giving them another try, even though the sauce was questionable...it could've been a bad batch.

I know first thought Spaghetty not Spaghetti??
Huh??
Okay maybe just corky gimmick too get you walk in the door or meant too help restaurant stand out from the crowd??
No matter the case one thing you will find is good food, great service, affordable prices, and  small business owner that cares about customers from minute walk in.
Bonus if urge too take some fresh parmesan cut from block, deli cuts, or even fresh dessert serve by the piece too go Spaghetty Western has you covered all ways Italian.
The restaurant set up like standard deli restaurant.
Not many tables but also bar stool area that can eat on.
The menu have paper menu look at and also computerized version too look at hanging from at the wall.
Sneaky but make sure check the specials of the day on chalkboard off too the side.
They do great job of explaining the specials that day if you miss it.
I ordered the Spaghetty Western since carb loading for 50miler bike ride next day.
So thinking heavy pasta dish with protein and pasta.
The Spaghetty Western is solid choice.
The spaghetty (believe fresh tasted like too me) combine with the sausage, pancetta, and peas really nice light tomato sauce was awesome.
Not heavy loaded with pure chunks of tomato or too think that not much of sauce.
It had the right balance.
The pancetta and sausage could eat by itself!
Sure would order anything with either one of those meats on the menu.
It came with order of garlic bread.
It not often would rage about garlic bread comes with you entree.
Garlic Bread showed me much they care about the little things even though comes with my entree.
Two pieces had nice spread of butter, garlic, and chopped parley.
Besides it came out HOT crispy garlic bread.
The portion size was great not too mention very affordable.
The only negative comment would say is that stack of dirty plates that sitting on table next too me the whole time.
Not sure if lack of staff cause small business.
Still nothing that would stop me from coming back for more pasta or trying more of the menu.
The desserts all look great and definitely yelpers rave about.
I make sure leave room next time.
If in the area in need of solid Italian food not going break the bank need too stop in and no worries about the corny name.
Never judge book by its cover my friends...

This was our first time trying this place and it certainly won't be the last!
We don't reside in Southern Highlands, but in SW Vegas, but I would certainly drive across town for a meal here.
The restaurant is small and casual, but the food was honestly some of the best we've had anywhere, especially in Vegas where Italian isn't on par with what my fiance and I grew up eating back home.
Every part of the meal was outstanding.
I had one of the daily specials, gnocchi with marinara, mozzarella, and basil, and he had the fettuccine alfredo with chicken.
Both meals came with garlic bread, which was also divine.
I ordered a dinner salad as well and it was perfect.
The whole meal with a bottle of wine was $52 before tip.
I would pay double for the quality of the meal.
If you are looking for a sit-down restaurant, this isn't really it, but if you want quality recipes for a reasonable price, you've found what you're looking for!

The pasta is really good and homemade, I've gone twice and I've haven't been disappointed yet.
The owners are really friendly and nice to their customers but most importantly the food is good which is what keeps people coming back.
I really love Italian food so I was really impressed with there meat sauce and the linguini but the carbonnara was good too.
The Tiramisu is too die for or at least have at your last meal.
I love cannoli's too but wasn't really impressed with these.
Check out Spaghetty Western you wont be disappointed if you love really good pasta.

This is the best Italian food we have had not only in Las Vegas but anywhere!
Real Italian chefs, imported meats and cheeses, everything is fresh and made in house.
Reasonable prices for the quality of food.
Very casual atmosphere like a deli but it is 5 star restaurant quality food.
Very reasonable bottles of wine for sale, we had one imported from Italy.
Started with the anitpasti misto, which was big enough it could have been our meal, but we wanted to try more.
We had the lobster ravioli and a special which was tri color tortellini with 4 cheese sauce.
The pasta was so tender and soft, obviously very fresh.
The lobster ravioli had huge chunks and generous portions of lobster.
Even the garlic bread was amazing.
Didn't get to try the dessert because the wife who makes them was away in Italy for 3 weeks, but I heard it is just as amazing.
Can't wait to try it along with some of their sandwiches.
We will definitely be regulars.
It is set up as a deli so they do take cards, but you can not tip on your card.

I am so happy this place opened in the neighborhood.
Very fun atmosphere, traditional italian style deli, friendly team of people, and incredible and affordable food!
Definitely a weekly stop for our family.
Spaghetty Western dish and classic spaghetti & meatballs are my two favorite so far.
And the from the deli... prosciutto and peppercorn cheese are amazing.

live in the neighborhood and several of my friends told me it was very good, large portions, fairly priced.
I went in a little before closing on a Wednesday and ordered the lasagna to go.
I think it was about $11.85 with tax.
When I got home the container that the lasagna was in was smaller than a Big Mac box.
While it was tastey, I thought based on what came home with me, they were way over priced.
There was also a picece of garlic bread.
It had huge chunks of garlic.
I really liked it, because I love garlic, but I know the rest of my family would have said it had too much garlic.

Food was superb, prices were good, atmosphere was ok, but it was busy and service really suffered.
We had the spaghetti western,  pizza, sole with pasta and a glass of wine ( all very tasty) $55 out the door.
I'll be back!

Clever name, a take on the sub-genre of Western films, except with a "y" at the end.
Possibly to sound more "Americanized", like they did when changing the spelling of the last names when immigrants arrived through Ellis Island.
The menu pays homage to the old films with sandwiches named after them, like "Hang 'Em High" and the "Magnificent Seven".
Greeted at the door by Andrea, he immediatley started telling me all about the meats and cheeses in the deli case.
A thick Italian accent, and a very enthusiastic sales pitch, we started talking about where he is from in Northern Italy, he went on to tell me all about his products in the store.
The place is small, but they have a pretty extensive menu.
One of my favorite things in life is a charcuterie and a cheese board, complete with a glass of wine.
I now have this in my neighborhood.
Pretty large selection of imported Italian cheese as well as imported cold cuts like: speck, prosciutto crudo, soppressata, mortadella and your usual salami and pastrami.
The cheese is what really peaked my interest, the gorgonzola was off the charts delicious.
A strong bite, this is not your usual gorgonzola that we are used to.
Fontina and Asiago rounded up my tasting.
They have an assortment of pastas, some made in house, some imported from Italy (they are frozen) as well as house favorites like eggplant parm and steak milanese.
Also available are some housemade desserts (try the Tiramisu, it was fantastic) as well as imported Bindi Cakes.
They do have beer and wine available as well.
They offer seasonal specials, like rice arancini, which I will definitely come back to try.
Andrea said they do cater, and they also offer cheese/cold cut trays.
This is a true Italian Deli, don't come in looking for a turkey sandwich and complain that they don't have it.
It's not Subway.
"Whattsa matta you"!

Came through after a nice 2 hour workout and in need of some serious carbs.
Heard of this place opening up and was happy to hear that an authentic Italian spot was gonna be near the crib.
Can't say the same fit the hot dog joint that used to be here.
Sadly, I was told that my Spaghetty Western pasta and Magnificent 7 Sandwich would take 20 minutes to prepare due to several staff members calling in sick, not to mention that it took nearly 10 minutes to get some attention at the front desk considering the staff was running a call-a-thon with phone orders.
Luckily, the wait was enough to go to Kazuki Sushi to pound a large Orion, compliments from the chef.
The Lakers vs. Celtics on the 80"er....Can't beat that with a bat!
17 minutes and a beer later, I headed back to S-Dub only to notice that my food was ready for a while.
Still, the hospitality was good, not great.
It appeared the gentlemen that was helping me, the guy that looked like a bald PW Herman or the Persian dude in the movie "Crash" with the voice off Mr. Bean was more than generous with throwing in some chips and extra garlic bread.
At this point, the place reminds me of Rocco's Deli, yet ran by natives who know their craft.
I like the twist that this place has on their flavor and appreciate the genuine prosciutto selection imported from the motherland.
But for now, I have no choice but to give the place a 3.4 stars based on my honest assessment of my experience.
Perhaps my next visit will warrant a change of heart.

Love this place!!
Great food and great service :-) this Italian girl approves!
Try the gnocchi in vodka sauce, or the fried calamari when it is on special.
The waitress is very knowledgable about what sauce goes best with which pasta (ravioli, gnocchi, tortellini, etc) and she can tell you the ingredients without having to ask.
The service is prompt, and the food comes out very quickly, which is rare for Italian!
I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone that is looking for some fresh Italian.

I went here for lunch today & it was AMAZING!!
So amazing in fact that I am ordering dinner for the whole family from here tonight!!
I want to try everything on the menu!
My one and only complaint is that I wish it was big enough to eat dinner comfortably more restaurant like, but I get why they have it the way they do.
The food is so good!
I've never had Italian food like this!
The gentleman that was there was so sweet and helpful!
His amazing Italian accent just adds more charm to the place!
It's a must try!!
Such a great addition to the Southern Highlands community!

Had the vegetarian lasagna, house salad and this fudge/cookie cake ...
Delicious!!
Absolutely delicious!
Can't wait to try all the other menu items.

LOVE!
Real delicious Italian food.
If you eat Olive Garden go somewhere else.
I had the linguine and white clam sauce.
I would have licked the plate if no one was looking.
Boyfriend had chicken parm with the most delicious marinara.
This food could be coming out of any high dollar restaurant on the strip but instead coming out of an adorable hip neighborhood spot.
Plus father/son head chefs-what could be more deserving.
I hope everyone in Southern Highlands eats here so it succeeds and I can keep eating here.

Daaaannngggg!
While traveling with family and friends we were looking for a quick place to eat.
So I turned to Yelp.
As a Sergio Leone fan I was intrigued by the name.
Upon arriving at this quaint spot I was excited to see a deli case full of cheese.
The staff were extremely courteous and passionate about their restaurant and food from the second we walked in.
I was sold on the veggie lasagne and the two dudes I was with opted for the Cioppino Royal.
All of it was amazing!
The preparation was beautiful and the flavor was outstanding.
The proprietors obviously value quality and their customers.
One of the best random Yelp stops I've made.

Excellent food.
Antipasti, meatballs, spaghetti and the best cannoli ever!
The food and the service are really great.

"real authentic italian spot" fire!!!!
For being an off the strip place this is one of the best Italian spots around... 916mobn....

It is really exciting to see that we are getting more delicious restaurants in Southern Highlands.
I stopped in and was immediately helped; the chef himself came out and explained information about food choices.
I went with his recommendations and my husband and I were very pleased with the food I brought home that night.

Was reluctant to go here for whatever reason but decided to once I saw the yelp reviews.
Southern Highlands is sparse for good food.
Spaghetty Western has just come in and become it's best restaurant.
Great service, great food.
Italian is not something I normally choose as a first choice, but the appetizers/pastas/deserts are all 5 star.
The prices are very reasonable as well.
Can't miss.

I was confused about this restaurant's logo and décor alongside the Italian menu until I read that Spaghetti Western is a bonafide genre of Western films produced and directed by Italians.
This place serves food from Italian immigrants who fell in love with movies like "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" by Sergio Leone.
I'm still not sure where the western flavor is factored in... maybe in the soda and chip choices, or the fact that their Tortellini is shipped from New York... but one thing is for sure.
Even if their menu is quite Italian (with an Italian speaking grandmother in the back of the kitchen)... any American would love this kind of food.
Their servings are large and their $12 antipasto platter can make 3 or 4 people extremely happy.
It comes with peppers, olives, sundried tomatoes, artichokes (sooo good) and you get to choose 2 kinds of cheeses and 3 types of cold cuts.
We went for fontina, gorgonzola, salame, coppa and pancetta and all were uhmazing.
Real good stuff, and they even brought out complimentary Prosciutto di Parma which was melt in your mouth good.
The plate comes with 2 garlic bread slices so you might want to order more if you are a group sharing.
Their garlic bread was standard but had a few lovely chili flakes to give it a little kick.
We then had 1 of their 3 soups of the day, the spinach and tortellini soup.
Honestly I was expecting a cream based broth, but it was a nice surprise to get something healthy and tasty, plus the bowl was as large as my head!
Hubby had the Carbonara which was good, but if you are a stickler for al dente you might want to request that.
We were unfortunately too full to try dessert and will definitely have to go back for the bindi cakes and tiramisu, as well as the awesome lookin porkchops and vegetable lasagnas.
Great food, good wine, large portions and low prices... go with fam/friends NOW and see if Spaghetty Western can rub off on you too.
Now I gotta go see those Sergio movies.

I ordered a meatball sandwich as well as chicken Parmesan .
Very good and would recommend it.
This place can get busy so ordering to go by calling them would be a good option.

This place serves up incredible food and the gentleman who always helps us is charming and knowledgeable...he knows quality and makes excellent recommendations.

At this point I have been waiting for over 20 mins for my food.
It was an order to go.
They could have told me it would take so long for a meatball sandwich and a pasta dinner.
No matter what it tastes like now it has just been to long here.
Finally, my order is ready.
I hear that they made a mistake and that's why it took forever.
They offered my a free desert as a reprieve.
Mehhh, not a good first experience at all.
I sure hope this food is good.
Did all this yelping by the time I hit the car.

All the food is great!
A real authentic Italian chef and his family.
Locally owned.
My favorite is the spaghetti and peppers!
My wife loves the lobster ravioli.

My boyfriend and I decided to come here for lunch since it was close to where he lived.
Also, I've been meaning to try this place out but because it was still really new when I heard about this place, there wasn't a whole lot of information.
I didn't know what exactly they had on their menu.
Well, today, I found out!
They had a bunch of different things on the menu ranging from meats, cheeses, sandwiches, and pastas.
I LOVE pasta so we don't have to guess which category I looked at!
I ended up going with a Penne Arribbiata while the boyfriend went with their Spaghetty Western.
When we went to order it, this gentlemen, with a very THICK accent, took down our order and asked us what we liked it about it.
He warned me that my pasta was spicy but I LOVE spicy so of course I wouldn't have a problem!
I think after that, I just nodded at what he said cause I couldn't really make it out.
He said something about olives and I just said, "I'm fine with that.
" I'm not sure if the olives were an add on or it came with it ... but if you were to order something, pay extra close attention to what he's saying!
He's really nice though!
When I ate my pasta ... oy boy!
It was spicy!!
It wasn't alarmingly spicy but if you can't handle spicy foods, I wouldn't suggest it.
It was very good.
It had enough kick in it for me but the spiciness didn't burn.
The penne that I chose with it was al dente, which is exactly how I like my pasta :) The serving sizes are pretty big too.
I actually didn't finish my pasta so at least I have left overs for lunch the next day!
Also, a piece of garlic bread comes with the pasta!
The ONLY thing I didn't really like was it took a while to get the food.
We had ordered it to go so we were just waiting and waiting.
But I would definitely come back to this place !

Service is spotty, ordered and waited a long time.
Got home and food was greasy, my husband had been before and loved the meatball sub so we thought it would be great.
I was so hoping it would be but I'm let down.
Will try again in a few months.

My husband describes this place as "Legit Italian," I'm in agreement there.
We've ordered from them twice and the food is so good.
Big portions, so you have more than a meal coming to you with an entree.
Fresh food, good quality products used, and everyone there is very friendly and welcoming.
Eat it.
It's good.

Wow this place it's amazing food is great very quick service ...nice little hidden gem of Italian would recommend to all my friends...

PROS: Their pasta meatballs never disappointe us, juicy and flavorful, great match with the freshly made red sauce.
Italian linguine Carbonara classic is another paradise if you are a white sauce lover.
Cannoli is chrispy even being leftovers.
Open kitchen with the chef can even explain to you the cooking methods or ingredients.
Almost everything can be customized and freshly made to order.
CONS: The lady server is on the cold side and seems to be impatient.
Lemon pie is way too sweet and desserts here are overpriced comparing to the food.

So happy I found this place!
Don't let the their name and signage throw you off (as it did for me, at first).
Their food is great and prices are reasonable.
Portions are large - we had enough leftovers for dinner tomorrow night!
For me, the highlight was the HUGE antipasto platter.
$12 and you get to select 3 meats and 2 cheeses.
Plus it comes with olives, roasted peppers, artichokes, and garlic bread on a bed of greens.
So good!
I ordered the gnocchi with meat sauce, also good, and very filling.
Not as good as my all-time favorite Rao's, but I still enjoyed it.
My hubby ordered the cioppino, which you can get mild, medium or spicy, with linguini.
It was really good!
Very hearty - with crab, shrimp, clams, mussels, fish, and calamari.
The restaurant is fairly small, so I can imagine it filling up quickly.
The vibe is very casual.
Service was good.
Can't wait to go back!

RUN AWAY!
The older cook stuck his finger in his mouth 2 clear sum food caught in his teeth then stuck his hand in the pasta reservoir to put on someone's plate.
We only came here cuz of the overflow @ Off The Strip.
Servers/cooks may have been overwhelmed cuz of the heavy business.
Plus female server had a martyr complex: "I'm the only one doing stuff.
", "The owner makes things too chaotic", etc.

This is he first time we have eaten from Spaghetty Western.
We had the food delivered to the house and the delivery time was quick.
I had the meatball sandwich and it was excellent and was still hot considering it was being delivered.
My wife had the Magnificent 7 sandwich and thought it was very good and fresh.
She said it was an interesting combination of flavors that you would not find at a typical sub shop.
The only thing preventing a five star rating is the lack of side item choices.
Each sandwich came with a bag of chips, but we'd like to have options for the sides.
We will order from here again.

Don't bother!
Food was comparable to Olive Garden at best.
But worse than that, the service!
We came in around noon, the only people there when we arrived.
The waitress was incredibly rude.
When asking for a recommendation she was very short and not the least bit helpful.
The quality of the food could have been overlooked but the atrocious service can not.
Will not return and won't recommend to friends.

Their antipasto is amazing.
We've tried a few things and all delicious.
The staff is a little unprofessional but it doesn't really bother me.
A must try.

I was happy to see a new place open near my neck of the woods and took the opportunity to get a bite with some friends.
The service was warm and friendly and the food was quick.
The young lady made some good recommendations with our antiposto platter which was huge.
My chicken Marsala was large and tasty.
The only thing I would gripe about is the small seating area but it is understandable as I saw a ton of take out orders while we were the only ones seated there.
Just a casual place with some solid food.

This little cafe brings fine dining to a casual setting.
The care that the staff takes in preparing dishes is equal to that of a traditional high end restaurant.
Behind the counter the wait staff is having fun with each other while preparing amazing food.
I had the pasta and peppers that were amazing flavorful and filling.
The eggplant parm was equally as delicious.
Even though the price is slightly higher than you'd typically see at a deli it is well worth it due to the portion size.
Great quality and care put into every dish I saw come out.
Can't wait to go back.

Really good Italian food.
I must say this place is way better than any Italian restaurant I've ever been too.
You can really taste the quality and freshness in their food.
I've been here a couple times now and I've been impressed by the flavors of the sauces.
The gnocchi is out of this world b/c it's so garlicky and the potato dumplings are so tender; it's my all time favorite dish here.
The service is fair the first couple times my family and I we're served by a blonde waitress and she seemed a little off.
The last time I came here (yesterday) the service was way better.
I went w/ my friend and we were served by one of the chefs.
He was very pleasant, attentive and smiled.
(Smiling is a plus for me) Hands down the best restaurant in Southern Highlands.

OMG fantastic food.
Had chicken picatta was the best.
Friend had veal Parmesan  Whole Maine Lobster all incredible.
Waitress Jessie was the best ever.
She is a a dry comedian.
We laughed so much with her.
We would definitely go back for the food and for our waitress  Jesse.

Veal parmigiana was superb.
Great bottle of wine for $18.
Server Jessie is witty and bawdy in a good way.
Our stay was fun and we will return soon.
Great restaurant !

Man oh man... i read some reviews on this place after i grabbed a quick bite with my girlfriend.
i have no idea what these reviewers are talking about... i walked in this place and had service immediately even though the joint was 3/4 capacity.
Not only were they friendly and helpful, but the food came out shockingly quickly.
Coming from a very critical executive food and beverage family, i thought the food was delicious.
Not a single thing left on the plate.
As far as their authentic deli...
WOW!!!!
Very hard to find excellent Italian deli meat.
They carry the real deal.
Not that mass-produced, overpriced Boars Head crap.
if you're looking for a casual "hole in the wall" type Italian restaurant or divine deli meat.
Check this place out.
i know i will come out of my way to come back here!

Linguine and clams is good, better  than Oyster Bar.
My husband's order kinda ruined, he ordered, Rib Eye Steak with veggies but when he asked for steak sauce, they don't have it.
You don't serve Steak without  steak sauce, especially when it really needed.

Spaghetty Western has the most amazing Chef in Jason.
His cooking is authentic, and delicious!
I'm addicted.
We eat at SW at least once a week.
The staff is super friendly and attentive.
Even the Chef comes out from behind the counter to assist guests.
I'd highly recommend the pasta with lobster in a spicy marinara sauce (has to be my favorite so far), the lobster ravioli in a pink vodka sauce is unbelievable, and just the simple pasta marinara (I like spaghetti) will blow you away!
Oh yes, Jason's Father is also an unbelievable Executive Chef (he taught Jason the art)!
You can't go wrong regardless of who prepares your meal!
Delicious, authentic Itallian cuisine at a fair price in a cozy Itallian Deli style atmosphere.
Doesn't get much better than Spaghetty Western!

The BEST Homemade Italian food in town!!!
The sauce is amazing all homemade pastas.
Caperese Salad is amazing and big enough for 3 people.
If you want a outstanding burger you have to also order that one the menu!!
We are now heading there anytime we want Italian.. from now on!!!
Only thing I would change is the tables and seats.
They are not the most comfortable to sit at.

I wanted to like this place.
There are not many restaurants in southern highlands and so I was excited another place opened up.
I ordered two salads to go.
One was the Cesar and the other was a Caprese salad.
Normally if you order a salad to go, the dressing is served on the side, so I didn't even think to ask for it that way.
I guess I should have.
Not only was there dressing already on the salad, there was SO much dressing on the Cesar salad that I couldn't even eat it.
It was absolutely drenched in the dressing!!
It was mushy and sloppy and just plain disgusting.
A $10 salad better be bomb; and they just weren't.
Disappointed.

Great food...horrible customer service!!!
Inpatient and rude blonde waitress with no personality and always in a big big rush!!
Rude, bitter, and not helpful or friendly at all!!!
I chewed her out when she pretty much stated that she was done for the evening and gave me a choice on how to handle my bill with an "ultimatum" type of rude and sarcastic attitude!!!
Ugh...!!!!!!
I went off on her because this was my second visit there with her as my waitress & I was put off by her service & attitude the first time, and this incident set me off!!
She had no remorse and did not seem to care one bit!!
She has no place being a waitress!!!
Too bad...if it weren't for her deplorable service, I would give this place 5 stars!!!!!

The pizza was one of the best I ever had!
Seems to be family owned.
Good atmosphere.
Friendly staff.

Don't let the cheesy name fool you, this place is the real deal straight from Italy.
Great, fresh food.

I hope this does not sound condescending, but I am giving this restaurant a 1 star because I care and want them to succeed.
I see potential in this place, but only if this hard-working family can straighten some issues that need immediate attention:  Service: This was the deal breaker for us.
We do not know the name of the lady serving us, and that is because she was not wearing a name tag.
In fact, she was not wearing much of a professional attire to serve her customers...yoga pants, a very lose fitting blouse/gym top and dirty gym shoes definitely left a lot to be desired.
Here is a list of no-no's we experienced in our visit:   * No greeting when we first came in   * We sat ourselves and 5-10 minutes went by before she acknowledged us...and there were only 3 tables sat at the time   * This lady was flustered and all over the place.
She even complained to us about a table (that had a half-finished bottle of wine to go) of 6 people wouldn't leave.
* Her demeanor was curt and, sometimes rude.
We spent 40+ minutes waiting for two dishes and we did not checked up on.
Our drinks ran dry, no bread was brought to our table, no apology was given!
About 50 minutes after ordering she comes to our table to, again, complain about how the kitchen was handling the to-go and eat-in tickets like that was, somehow, our problem.
Towards the end of our meal she promised we would get our drinks for free because of the wait, but then she charged us for them!
* To top it all of, just as we were done eating, she tells us from behind the counter "Hey, your total comes to $40.70 and I have your ticket pulled up here at the register.
No hurry"... HOW RUDE!!!
We felt compelled to abruptly end our meal and go to the register to pay.
She then has the nerve to ask us how much tip we are leaving her because her register does allow to put the tip after the ticket was printed.
Really?!?
If this is the case... then get a new register!
Kitchen Staff: Very disorganized!
Some things we saw:   * A tall guy in the kitchen with shoulder-length hair kept running his fingers through his hair without washing his hands   * One of the line cooks handled tip money without washing his hands afterwards   * The server would clean tables and then dish the garlic bread with her bare hands   Food: Average at best.
My linguini with white wine clam sauce was bland and 'boring' and my girlfriend's pasta with vodka sauce was just ok. Seasoning and flavor profile could be a lot better.
If an owner is reading this, please:  * Deploy your staff and give them specific responsibilities, so they don't run around like chickens with their heads cut off.
* Get a friendlier server for the front  * Observe hand-washing guidelines per the health department  * Ensure you have enough staff to meet the customer demand  * Ensure you have a system in place to serve the dine-in customers first, then take care of the delivery/carryout orders.
* Fix your charcuterie display.
You have a $5000 refrigerated display with some old-looking food and chunks of meat thrown in there.
You can do better.
Anyways... if you had the patience to read through all this and you are a possible customer, I hope you have a better experience.
And, if you work here, please make it better!

This place is great!
Very fresh homemade Italian food.
Complex tastes not boring at all.
Great prices and they deliver!!
Very clean and friendly service.
Glad this restaurant is here.

So far I have had a couple experiences at this restaurant, I have ordered the caprese salad and garlic bread to take to a party and the owner was very helpful and accommodating with serving suggestions.
My next experience was dining in and once again the owner was very accommodating, one item we ordered was the antipasto, my daughter loves cheese and he no problem with adding extra and I thought that was great.
I gave this place 2 stars because as I read many other reviews, I agree with other comments I to had to deal with whomever the unpleasant blonde server/cashier is as well as witnessed some unprofessional behavior behind the counter.
Anyone behind that counter should be required to have there hair tied back and it should be common knowledge never to pull out money in front of guest.
I really hope they can make the whatever changes needed because I really think they have good food.

The food here does not disappoint.
The service is often disorganized and far from on-point.
Last time we were here we got a pound of Speck to take home.
Mmmm.
Worth checking out,  from this point forward I think I will do take-out orders.

Service: ok, the server kept talking about the staff like we were all old friends "Jesse didn't come out last night...blah blah blah"...it was strangely annoying.
She proceeded to tell me & my husband about her night at the bar next door & all the $$ she had made hitting a jackpot.
Also, how she ended up saving/spending it.
Ok, that's nice, but I'd really like to order some food.
She was playful with my 1 year old so, she gets a point.
Food: something left to be desired.
The chicken sandwich we ordered to go for my dad looked good & he enjoyed it.
I had the eggplant Parmesan: just had a weird taste to it & it was a HUGE portion.
My hubby had a sandwich (can't remember which or much about it) I liked the place because of the location & I wanna come in and try something different.
Hope I don't get that chatty somewhat disorganized waitress.

Tonight there was a male chef that had all the women drooling,  bit not from the food.
The food was full of flavor, not just salt.
The clams linguini had very small but tasty clams.
The lasagna portions are yo be shared.
It's just a good Mom and Pop Italian place with home made East coast style Italian great food.
It's not high end or glitzy, it's not a fake factory of greetings.
Staff here are sincere and wholesome, so they share what they share as if you are family.
There's no glitter here and this is exactly what an Italian locals place should be.
No mass production and no factory style franchise,  this is an original.
Keep the Sexy male chef out front.
..women will come.

Went here on a wim since it was new and I was craving some pasta.
It's not a super nice place, tables are kind of small and shaky but not a deal breaker.
You can either order up front or just have a seat a waitress eventually comes by.
There were a few other people there so we decided to dine in.
We ordered the anti pasto, Linguine Fisherman, & Arribata sauce pasta with chicken.
The serving size is quite generous and they give you a huge piece of garlic bread.
The taste was not bad either!
Pricing is about average, not crazy expensive (think Olive Garden pricing).
We go back or maybe order to go again definitely!
The only thing is that the wait was a little longer for the anti pasto and I guess there's only one deli guy who alsp works the cash register which is why it's slow?

The executive chef Jason is a prodigy!
Chicken parm was to die for, and everything was reasonably priced.
Server was okay, you could tell she didn't want to be there, but we all have days like that.
I'd love to see them have some good wine specials to pair with the amazing food.
Maybe do a meat and cheese plate paired with a featured wine?
I'm not sure if they offer happy hour, but if so it isn't very well advertised   Glad I stumbled upon this neighborhood gem, I look forward to this becoming one of my regular spots.

This is generally a really good restaurant.
With a couple of exceptions which is why I gave them two stars.
Spaghetty Western employees a waitress who, well to be frank, is a complete bitch.
She is about 40 years old and has blonde hair.
If you see her, run away!
From what I understand the owner agrees that she is a bitch but keeps her because she "...gets the food out.
"  Ummmm any service person can get the food out in a restaurant that seats less than 30 people.
We have been going to this restaurant since it opened and now only get our food to go, which brings up the second issue.
All of the food is really good, with exception to the Fisherman's linguine or Cioppino, which ever they are calling the dish.
When I ordered the Fisherman's linguine it was described to be completely different from the Cioppino.
I ordered the Fisherman's linguine.
When I got the order home I found they had given me Cioppino, it was written on the box.
I called to have the order corrected only the be told it was the same dish.
So they refused to fix their error and then hung up on me.
Whatever you do do NOT order this dish.
It's disgusting.
Order something else, anything else.
The rest of their food is amazing, but just remember if you see a 40 something blonde waitress order your food to go.
You'll thank me for it.
She is a complete bitch.

Tried this place for the first time a few weeks ago and have been back weekly ever since.
The food here is excellent.
I have had the vodka pasta, chicken parmesan, a couple of their sandwiches, and the tiramisu.
I have dined in and ordered for pick up.
Nice place tucked into the Smith's shopping center in Southern Highlands.
If you're looking for authentic Italian fare then check this place out to satisfy your cravings.

Amazing!
Came here with some out of town guests and all of us were so impressed with the quality of the food.
Prices were very reasonable and staff was helpful.
Very clean.
Kid friendly.
The antipasto plate was very generous and you can pick your three meats and two cheeses (or the chef can pick for you).
Daily specials to choose from and a nice variety on the menu.

What a great little spot.
I'm not a huge fan of Italian, however places like this make me love it!
I ordered the Chicken Alfredo.
The noodles were prepared perfectly...you could tell they were fresh.
The sauce was rich and buttery, very good.
The chicken was a little disappointing...tough.
Not thinking this was because of the way it was cooked, but rather they maybe started with a lower quality chicken breast.
Fix that and I'd go 5 stars on this place!
Not a fan of the chairs, but that might just be me.
I recommend trying the place.

Food was amazing loved the chef.
The tall man at the counter with dark hair was a real hoot and made me laugh my entire visit.
However the blond waitress with the bad breast implants was a complete train wreck.
In the short time I was there she swore at her coworkers and yelled at her boss.
I'd go back for the food any day of the week, as long as it was a day she wasn't working.
The business has a lot of potential but I don't know what the owner is thinking keeping that rude bimbo around.

