Rascals made itself very well known in a short space of time via the magic of the internets.
I kept seeing pop up on every form of social media outlet, and those burgers are not something that go unnoticed.
And so one Sunday eve at the sensible time of 5pm, me and my fellow "rascals" (as they wrote on our 'reserved' sign) rocked up for burgers.
The menu is pretty extensive and pretty much all of us were stumped at what to get, the choices were so plentiful.
They handily mark out which burger-filling options are GF, and they also do GF buns (winner!
) I can't remember the last time I ate a burger in a bun, like a burger should be eaten, rather than with a fork and knife, forgoing the gluten-filled roll.
I ended up going for the one with chili, without the chilli!
There are so many fillings in each burger: mine had bacon, cheese, Rascals sauce and chilli con carne (but, without chilli - like I said).
The patty was big and chunky, the meat nicely cooked (not over done) and the Rascals sauce was ace.
The chips were also nicely fried and crunchy, proper chunky ones too.
I think we all (seven of us) had different burgers, and they were all finito, with fingers licked clean.
I admired Joey's choice of Chicken Strips with added chorizo (this is on top of the normal burger, mind).
And the one Jennie went for cracked me up: Cheesey...something or other.
The name just made me laugh.
Another had steak strips on top, and another (the Belly Buster) had so much black pudding some had to be left ont he plate, as well as onion rings and lord knows what else.
One thing is for sure, these burgers are bursting with fillings, the patties themselves are more meaty than most, and the portion size (burger, bun, fillings and chips) are so generous, and definitely a great deal at around £8 a burger.
Also, if you tweet a picture of yourself with a burger and tag it #BurgerSelfie you get a free chocolate fudge cake!
Woo.
So we got three of those to share.
All round great meal.
The interior of the place hasn't been changed since the previous business, which was a slightly classy sports bar.
There are small televisions put into the walls around the whole restaurant.
The interior itself is quite...forgetabble, or just bland.
It doesn't really mark the business or make it stand out.
What does is those burgers, and that's all you've come for, right?

I'm a  big fan of burgers, not sure if that's the American part of me or just that burgers are really awesome.
probably both.... so when i found out that an awesome new burger place had opened, i was totally there when Jen L suggested a group of us go to dinner!
i made sure to eat light during the day and even included a run so i could have the most amount of stomach space for an epic burger.
and indeed that is what Rascals serves!!
their menu is lengthy and while there are a few other options the main focus is burgers.
loads and loads of burgers.
you have the option of a beef burger, chicken burger, or veggie burger in the form of spinach falafel.
and then so many toppings!
so many options to customise your burger or to go with some of the specialities.
i think mine was called the Ranch Burger which came with melted cheddar, onion rings, and bbq sauce, i also added guacamole because avocado goes with everything.
considering that we had a decent sized party (7 of us) we didn't have to wait too long for our burgers to start arriving.
when the first two plates hit the table i was already having serious food envy!!
the burgers were HUGE and looked amazing!!
i was so excited to dive right into mine when it arrived and after adding the guacamole that is exactly what i did.
it was burger heaven, so tasty and juicy and the BBQ sauce was so good.
the guacamole was ok, i'm not sure it was fresh though...  the chips were super crispy and chunky and the rascals sauce brought for dipping them into was also super good!
in addition to massive burgers, on sundays if you tweet a selfie of yourself with your burger you get a free slice of chocolate fudge cake.
despite being full, i insisted that we get a free cake for the table and we shared three portions of it.
it was good chocolate cake, not homemade but good.
hard to complain about free cake!
the bill came to £15 each which is pretty cheap considering how much food we got.
also you can get a free discount card that gives you 10 percent off every meal :)  Rascals also has daily specials so you can always get a discount off something!
this place was definitely good and i really enjoyed my food.
maybe a few more visits and i'll be ready to add the fifth star!

Glasgow.
All I could think when I was here.
The vibe, the scope, the larger-than-life nature of the place...
I felt like I'd been transported to Glasgow.
That's a good thing by the way.
There's a wanky, pompousness to the majority of Edinburgh bars and restaurants that you become all too aware of when you visit the laid back, sociable, seemingly-genuine vibe that Glasgow's wine-and-dine scene exudes.
Glasgow knows it's job is to wait on you, Glasgow knows everything happens at your convenience, Glasgow knows you're the customer.
Edinburgh often does not.
Anyway, shitty Edinburgh rant aside.
Back to the review.
Where was I....... larger-than-life, yes!
So, the staff are wide-eyed and chatty and it looks like Rascals have gone out their way to find people who are genuine chatterboxes.
In other words it didn't seem forced.
The food, is top top notch.
Not only in scale but in options and in customisability.
I opted for the Wingin' It; a beef burger topped with boneless chicken strips - coated in their own Louisiana hot sauce - covered in melted cheddar and a lovely spread of blue cheese sauce across the base of the bun.
I also added chorizo... it seemed like it belonged on there.
Rascals layer that cheddar on there.
They are not shy.
and I love it.
Worth noting too that, considering on paper the above sounds like a messy beast, the burgers are surprisingly neatly presented.
As for the rest.... chips were lovely, desserts were lovely and they even do a selection of other mains should you not be feeling the burger on occasion.
Burrito does sound good and - judging by the burgers - will probably be a monster.
Premium burgers are possible a quid or two overpriced, but I'll need to try one to decide upon that theory.
Only neg I have, and it's the same neg for any restaurant whose focus is on their vast array of burgers, is that they seem to operate on the assumption that beef, chicken and veggie are the only burger base components worth giving a damn about.
Where's the lamb, where's the venison, where's the halloumi?
Just once I'd love to see a burger joint come out and offer something really different.... a duck burger with spring onion, bramley apple and/or plum sauce.
How good would that be?
Rascals, for me, is currently fighting it out with Bar Kohl for the Edinburgh Burger Crown.
A couple dozen more visits to each and I'm sure I'll come up with a winner.

It's a busy Saturday early afternoon and you need lunch before you head to the Museum on Chamber street, so where would you go?
Rascals, of course!
OK there are many other eateries offering lunch but Rascals has been on our list since early this year.
So we decided to get it a try.
We both ordered an Oreo Milkshake, which was actually quite delicious and went down a treat.
I had the Classic burger and added the blue cheese sauce and opted for sweet potato fries.
Tis all very tasty but I've had better gourmet burgers I'm afraid.
The pattie seemed not be freshly made but bought in.
It wasn't juicy as you would expect a "gourmet" pattie to be and didn't a handmade look about it.
The sweet potato fries however were nice as was the slaw - I had a taste of the jalapeno and pepper relish but it had a kick to it that was a tad too phoaw!
I like the brioche bun as it gave a nice sweetness to the dish.
The other half had "The Meat Feast" Which was huge and stacked full of protein - The pulled pork was a dream (I had a little forkful (of heaven) and it's ashame you can't order a plate full of this!).
chicken breast, burger pattie, minute steak and bacon followed with a brioche bun!
Yeap a pile of protein!
This was on a plate with chips, slaw and the same relish.
Both portions were pretty big and value for money.
Together with a nice ambiance it's an alright place to go for a casual lunch.
I'm giving it 3 stars, I like it but still I've had better burgers before this visit, so wouldn't rush back for the patties sake!
If i were to go back I would like to tried the pulled pork dog as that's the dish that they say the place goes on.
You got to give it to them though as since they've opened (Dec 13'), the place is pumping with burger fans.

A group of us decided to book a table at Rascals after hearing positive things about the new place - and more specifically, the burgers!
There was certainly plenty to choose from, ranging from the classic hamburger, all the way up to such delights at the 'Sir Alex Burger' (haggis, Jalapenos, cheese, whisky sauce) and 'Three Little Pigs' (cured ham, bacon, pulled pork - oink!).
The waiter was very helpful with those of us who were a bit more indecisive and were able to make suggestions/substitutions for a couple of my veggie mates.
I decided to opt for the 'Ranch Burger' (cheese, bbq sauce, onion rings) but substituted the bbq sauce for their special 'Rascals sauce' and while the actual beef burger itself wasn't the best I'd ever had, it was juicy and full of flavour, served in a soft brioche bun (I do love a brioche bun!
) and loaded with crispy onion rings (which I had to remove in order to get my mouth around the thing!).
However, the chips did leave a lot to be desired and I was eyeing up my pal's sweet potato fries with envy - and  they were lovely so get them instead, worth the extra £1.50!
I also had an oreo milkshake (all milkshakes are £2.50 on Mondays, it would have been rude not too!
), it was nice but a bit sickly.
Although maybe I should have had it afterwards for dessert - or maybe I just shouldn't have been so greedy!
There does seem to be a lot of hype about this place at the moment and, while I still think there are better places to go for a burger in Edinburgh, it's tasty, good value for money with plenty of offers throughout the week, as well as a discount card, and you definitely won't leave still hungry!

One of the best burgers I've had in a long time.
I got the Mexican Mouth Melter.
It was quite spicy, but well balanced and delicious.
And very messy, the way a burger like that should be!
My wife got the Ranch Burger which was also very good.
The service was fast and friendly as well.
Oh, and they have a great kids' menu that's not too skimpy.

