This is in the space that used to be Diego's in the MGM grand.
We were impressed by the service (knowledgeable and friendly), flavors (traditional Sonoran) and overall value.
It's hard to find a family meal in a strip hotel these days that's good quality but doesn't set you back well over $100.
Hecho is just opening and so they are working a few kinks out, but don't miss the table-side prepared guacamole and / or their ginormous nachos!

Not sure why there are two profiles on here but I posted to the other one... To reiterate this place is awesome!
Check it out and it seems good for large parties.
Lots of different "atmospheres" available in the same space.
Food was great!

I have never loved going to dinner with my mother in law so much.
She treated us to Hecho's and everything about the night was perfect.
Excellent and attentive service.
Spectacular food made exactly how asked for, and delicious appetizers!
Any tourists that go through the MGM MUST stop and try it.
The rolling guacamole cart (made directly in front of you) is to die for!
Just a wonderful night with a full thanks to the Hecho's staff!
Can't wait to eat it again!

I heard about this restaurant when I was visiting friends in Tucson, Arizona where I dined at El Charro restaurant.
Tucson is the Mexican Food capitol of the United States and one of the best restaurants (and there are many) is El Charro!
El Charro has been in business since 1922 and for good reason.
I was so excited to see an article posted on the wall saying they just opened up in Las Vegas at the MGM Grand but under the name of Hechos En Las Vegas!
I told my kids, my brothers, my sister and we had a group of 14 people very excited to finally have good Mexican food in Las Vegas.
The servers were very nice and we were excited to tell them that we were originally from Tucson and looking forward to the food.
The first sign that things were not going to taste like El Charro was the chips and salsa.
This was definitely not El Charro's salsa.
It was thick and had a hint of "tex-mex" in the flavor.
Then we got our menu's.
This was definitely not the menu I was expecting.
I had even called the original El Charro in Tucson and asked if it was their recipes and menu... and they told me yes.
Well, it appears to me that the Las Vegas crew thought they knew better than a 92 year old restaurant and they changed everything.
Which is ironic since our waiter told us that he previously worked at another Mexican restaurant in MGM and they closed it down.
Duh!
It probably sucked and yet they had the same crew make a bunch of changes to this Mexican food concept.
Everyone in our party said that their food was very dry.
They hardly put any enchilada sauce on the food.
And my enchilada plate had some kind of pickled cole slaw/cabbage thing on it (what?
) along with very dry Spanish rice and black beans.
Black beans?
This plate should have had the amazing re-fried beans that you finish eating with chips at the end of your meal because you just can't leave a drop on your plate.
To add insult to injury, our bill was $465!
We had very below average Mexican food at 4 start pricing.
The only thing that was good was the guacamole that they made table side.
Everything else was a disgrace to the El Charro name - at least they didn't use the real name of the restaurant they were supposedly modeling after!
Unless someone from the real restaurant comes in and changes everything soon, I predict that this restaurant won't last very long.

Can you say da bomb diggity!!!
Excellent food and service.
The food is fresh and the service from the staff is top notch.
Had the bandera chicken burrito...moist meat and a tortilla that melts in your mouth.
Will be back soon for surezn

It's very hard to find good Mexican food in Vegas - especially good Sonoran style - but Hecho nails it.
Being from Tucson, I'm very familiar with Sonoran style, and familiar with the family who partnered to open Hecho.
The food takes me back home instantly.
I especially enjoyed the enchiladas banderas.
Prices are a little up there but not out of line for a Vegas restaurant.
Overall, great place to enjoy some great food!

Hecho en Vegas is not your traditional Mexican food.
It's a bit "kicked up.
" Some will like it and some will not.
My favorite part is the bar and bartenders.
Perhaps I'm bias toward this location because of my old friends behind the bar.
I love the tequila flights and Mojito's (raspberry, blueberry and tequila).
Is tequila a flavor?
I'll return because I'm a Mojito freak and like the "off the beaten path" location.
Yes, yes, and the bartenders.

Service was fantastic!
Fresh guacamole made table side.
Food was very good.
Prices were reasonable.

Hecho is a cougar den with weird hours and spotty service.
If you want some unusual people watching and an afternoon margarita, it's fine.
If you want something else, there are much better options in the MGM complex.

I loved the fajitas.
Not only was the presentation great the steak and shrimp were very juicy with lots of flavor.
Server Jose was very nice and attentive.
The manager stopped by and ask how things were and overall it was a place I'd go again.

This place was ok.
The food was pretty average but hit the spot when I needed it.
The black beans were the best part of the meal,they had quite a kick.
beef enchiladas were cool.
Nothing really to write home about but if you want quick Mexican food this is the place.
Oh and the drinks were weak.
Won't rush back here.

This used to be my favorite restaurant in Vegas.
However, let me tell you, this was when Hecho En Vegas was called Diego.
I went to dinner here with my family and noticed the name change, but assumed the food was the same...WRONG.
First off, we had to stand around and wait over 45 minutes to be seated.
I know Saturdays must be busy, but the wait was way too long for the quality of the food.
When we were finally seated, our order was taken after a while and it took them forever to bring us our food.
I mean, another hour or so.
By the time they brought us guacamole, we were done with the chips and were starving.
The food arrived and it was very small portions for the most part, compared to how it used to be.
The enchiladas were my favorite when they were Diego's.
That's the reason I came back as well as for the service.
Needless to say, the change was for the worst.
Everything was different and didn't compare to how it used to be.
The service was nothing special and was super slow.
I was extremely disappointed in the change.
By the end of the night we were all just ready to leave and waited another 30 minutes to get the check so we could leave.
We were there for about 3 hours and most of that time was spent waiting.
None of us were happy about the change.
I will not be returning.
Bring Diego's back!!

Decided to not eat all day.
Flew to Vegas and made our 9:30 reservations.
The table side guacamole was good.
Drinks were ok but very small and very expensive.
Entrees were shrimp fahitas, and short rib burritos.
Both were ok but nothing you couldn't get at any cheap mexican joints.
Wait staff was top drawer.

I came here last night for a private group event, so we had apps + margs & sangria.
Honestly, I've had much better Mexican food.
This is basically a step up from El Segundo or some other Mexican chain.
I tried the bacon wrapped shrimp, chips & guac & salsa, quesadillas, & soft tacos.
Also, this used to be the old Diego but it looks like they took down a few walls on the outside to make the space appear more inviting and make it look larger.
Diego seemed pretty closed off.
The reason for the 4-stars is because the service and servers were nothing short of awesome.
Very personable, always coming around with food and drink refills.
Making great rapport with everyone and cracking jokes, making sure our glasses (literally) were never half empty.
Service is a huge factor to me when dining out, and this place just killed it.
Felicidades!

No matter how good the food is, when the waiter is an obnoxious twit who cannot be bothered to do his job?
Here you go.
I was stuck in a corner: the plight of the solo diner.
My server took ten minutes to even show up, in this half empty restaurant.
Barely a glance and NO WATER.
I haven't seen him since.
Forget the entree, forget a second glass of wine.
I just want out of this disaster.

We made reservations here since there was a lot of activity at the MGM Grand, as I am sure there always is.
We waited a few minutes to be seated in the bar area.
Was a little disappointed since we did make a reservation.
And being it was "happy hour" time, most of the patrons around us were "happy hour" partakers.
Our server was pleasant but the service was extremely slow.
We were almost done with our chips and salsa by the time he came over to take our order.
We knew we wanted to try the table side guacamole, so we ordered that and he ran away before asking or taking our drink order.
When he came back to take our drink order, he ran away again.
We were ready to order our entrees, but he literally could only take one order at a time.
The table side guacamole was very good.
A good amount of avacodos, onion, cilantro, tomatoes and salt.
We ordered margaritas, mine was a frozen, prickly pear, and raspberry margarita on the rocks.
Both were very refreshing.
Since we filled up on chips and salsa and guacomole, we shared fajitas.
We had a chicken and shrimp combo.
You have the choice of flour or corn shell tortillas.
We got flour tortillas, and there was three small ones.
The shrimp was very good, and had a mesquite seasoning.
The chicken had some pink spots on it which kind of concerned me.
We needed to get to a show and was looking for our server to get the bill.
When he got to our table, we gave him a card, and he disappeared for a while.
When he finally came back he said the credit card machine was down so had to take a carbon copy of it.
However when I was walking out, I saw other peoples bills being delivered I saw their's were done the modern way.
I didn't have time to ask why my receipt was the old school kind.
The next day we went down to the restaurant to ask if their machine went down last night, no one could give us a straight answer.
It was a little suspect if you ask me.
There are plenty better establishments to go to while in LV.

I would agree with a lot of the previous reviewers about the service as I will agree it's not great.
The restaurant is really large so even though they have a lot of staff they struggle to keep up with how big the place is.
On to what I consider much more important the food: We got the tableside guacamole which was really good.
The salsas weren't to my friends liking so they made a special really hot salsa that was what my friends wanted.
For entrees we got the steak fajitas which was above average, carnitas chimichanga which was huge and tasted like a barbeque pork chimichanga which my friend liked and the tamale trio which looked good.
Overall a pretty good place just be a little bit patient

Delicious Mexican food with high quality ingredients.
I definitely recommend the table side guacamole and the fajitas (the steak came out cooked perfectly!).
I'll be back!

food was ok (i don't ask for much when it comes to tex-mex) but service was soo horribly slow that day.

A bunch of my friends went out on the town one evening and decided to give this new restaurant a chance since we were craving Mexican food.
Let me just say it was a disaster!
First we started of with table side guacamole made by a lady named Trini.
She was very rude and unfriendly.
I didn't think you could mess up guacamole but it was just very salty and not very tasty.
Our server was Daniel and pardon my French but he was a douche.
He was not very informative about the menu and rolled his eyes at us quite a few times.
His personality was just very rude.
The only standout of this place was Eric who delivered our food and even came back to check on us even though he wasn't our server.
He's the only one who seemed to care about our table.
Definitely keep Eric but the other 2 you could do without.
The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because the food was mediocre.

The shredded beef nachos were incredible.
We ordered the fish tacos & they were way too salty.
I told the waiter in a respectful way that I wouldn't recommend that dish.
He saw that we didn't eat them & came back with the tacos off of our bill, no questions asked.
Great service, I would come back again.

Disappointed.
Small portion for the money.
Tortillas were hard and cold.
And our server was too busy flirting with 60 something old ladies.
He didn't even offer to refill my soda.
I even had to go find him to pay.
1 star is for the ok food.
Service would get a zero

Decent Mexican food.
Salsa is kinda weak.
Black beans are good.
Ate at the bar for quick servicio amigo.

I have been here for happy hour margaritas and appetizers two years in a row.
Both visits were great.
The service at the bar was exceptional and the food was much more traditional than what I expected.
This isn't tex mex, people - the flavor is much more fresh and I always feel great after leaving and ready to continue my vegas tyrants.
Our bartender was very friendly and maybe a bit too concerned as to whether we were enjoying the food and drinks; but that would probably be an excellent aspect to someone else.
I definitely recommend this place.

If you like Mexican food, do not come here.
Staff was friendly and the food arrived quick, but the food was bland and I knew at first bite that it wasn't any good

Amazing food!
I'm a bit surprised that other people have reviewed the service as being poor.
Maybe I happened to get a great waiter.
If the owners/managers for Hecho reads this, I just want you to know that Dana was a fantastic waiter.
If you order the guacamole, they make it right at your table and it was so damn good!
Now to be fair, I don't have a lot of experience with non-Taco Bell Mexican food so I don't know if the food is objectively amazing or not.
But I loved it.
The portions were generous.

Amazing tostada salad!
I ordered it with chicken, and it was too much food.
I could have done without the meat.
I ordered the sangria, which was good, but it didn't come with any fruit.
My husband had the enchiladas with white sauce that was amazing.
Great food, but the service we got was amazing!!!!!
I would definitely return.

I love this place!
Food was amazing!
I had the beef pizza so good I never thought I would be able to eat it on my own but it was so good I did!
Haha The Guacamole Is to Die For Amazing!
Service was great!
Will definitely be coming back :D

I had the Beef Chimichanga and it tasted like Chinese fried rice wrapped in a tortilla that absorbed the taste of a frier that has not had the oil changed in a while.

The food was very good.
The service was very bad.
Rather than listing all the specifics let me just say that it was bad enough that it ruined the experience.
I would try it again but never on a Saturday night when there's a big show at the MGM.
Maybe when it's less busy it would better.

So we went here for dinner and we thought the food would be really good, but we were disappointed.
So we ordered an appetizer and their fresh guacamole; the queso fundido and the chicken quesadilla was amazing so we couldn't wait for are main entree.
The entree looked really good but as soon as we tasted it they weren't that good as the appetizers.
My boyfriend and I ordered Carne asada burrito with no black beans inside and the meet didn't have any flavored and inside of the burrito is mostly rice.
And the rice also didn't taste like anything.
The service was good because we had three server.
But overall the food was disappointing.

Came here on our last night and vegas and had a great meal between 4 of us.
By this point we had eaten quite alot through out the day so we each split a dish.
Fajitas for 2 and Enchiladas for the other 2.
That with the tableside guacamole was more than enough for us.
The flavors in all the dishes were great, the atmosphere was great and our waiter was always attentive.
Overall a great place and I would go back.

2 words.
food poisoning Husband and I visited Vegas at ate at Hecho on 5/27.
We shared a carne asada .About 3 hrs after we ate we experienced severe gastrointestinal problems.
My husband had non stop vomiting... so much that we spent that night and into the morning at a disgusting and dirty ER.
We were bed ridden the next 2 days.
Anyone else experience this?!

I made a reservation via OpenTable for my family to celebrate Father's Day and we were seated promptly.
The restaurant is really nice with modern decor.
Definitely suitable for special occasions and semi-casual affairs.
I had informed my family about their Happy Hour and we briefly perused the menu at the hostess stand.
We requested these menus once seated, however, we were informed that the "menu was basically all the appetizers, half off, except the Chicharr贸n.
" That was satisfactory.
Well, until I realized that I had researched these details the week prior and the other part of Happy Hour was $5 margaritas.
No one told us this information, so it is possibly only offered at the bar?
Complimentary tortilla chips and salsas start your meal.
The chips are seasoned nicely and the salsas (Rojo and Verde) are delicious (my favorite being the red, of course).
We opted for the Tableside Guacamole ($10) made with avocado, freshly-squeezed lime, cilantro, serrano chili, onion, tomato, and sea salt.
The guacamole-dedicated cart (adorable) rolls over to your table and asks how spicy (mild, medium, or spicy) you want your guacamole prior to its creation.
This guacamole received my high stamp of approval!
It was my mom's first time trying guacamole - I don't know what compelled her (although I like to think that my love for avocado was the influence) - and she loved it!
We also started with the Short Rib Taquitos ($12): slow-cooked shredded beef, served with salsa verde, crema, and queso cotija.
Crunchy tortillas and succulent meat.
I'm not sure I would be able to identify the short rib without being told, but it was certainly more moist and soft than most beefs I've had in Hispanic cuisines.
The taquitos lacked proper seasoning, but tasted really great with the table Salsa Rojo.
My mom ordered the MGM Grande Taco Salad ($14): Crispy flour tortilla, chopped romaine, refried beans, pico de gallo, black olives, tres quesos blend, avocado, chipotle ranch, and shredded beef (alternatives: chicken or carnitas).
The shredded beef seemed like the Short Rib in the taquitos, although indicated differently on the menu.
Either way, the salad was delicious!
The flavors were wonderful together, the meat was so tender, and everything was so fresh.
However, there was WAY too much cheese and as with all taco salads, too much fried tortilla (which I discarded without remorse).
This was the best entree at the table.
Other entrees at the table included Tres Carnes Enchiladas ($20), Chicken Mole Enchiladas ($17), Mesquite Chicken Taco Platter ($17), Mesquite Chicken Burrito ($18), and Carne Asada and Applewood-Smoked Bacon Taco Platter ($18).
I didn't try any of the enchiladas, but my brother noted that the meats were a little dry (except the shredded beef).
The Hecho mole negro was flavorful, but a tad sweet for me.
I'm usually a fan of mole, but this one didn't do it for me.
I also had a bite of the Mesquite Chicken taco and I did not care for it.
The breast was surprisingly moist, but lacked flavor.
The Carne Asada tacos was my entree and I was displeased.
The beef was dry, I couldn't taste the bacon, and it was weirdly sweet.
It also had an abundance of non-spicy marinated red peppers (most likely bell) that proved an odd addition.
I didn't eat the second one.
The refried beans and rice served with most dishes were unimaginative and lacked great flavor.
I didn't eat these items either.
My dad wanted a margarita, so I ordered him the Muy Picante ($14) made with Chipotle-infused Patr贸n Reposado Tequila, Patr贸n Citr贸nge, fresh lime juice, and agave nectar.
It had a really great smokiness from the chipotle infusion and a nice balance of sweetness.
We shared Fried Ice Cream, Cinnamon Churros, and Raspberry Tres Leches ($7/each) for dessert.
The corn-crusted dulce de leche ice cream had a Oaxacan chocolate ganache center and it was very tasty.
The Tres Leches (Vanilla tres leches trifle with tart raspberry compote) didn't actually taste like "Tres Leches" usually does, but it was a decent dessert.
The churros were pleasantly soft with the perfect crust.
It also featured a cream center (could do without it) and served with Oaxacan chocolate ganache and Cajeta.
Loved the Cajeta because it's not nearly as thick as caramel and not as sweet.
Service was wonderful.
Our server was very friendly and extremely accommodating.
I'm a little torn about the food since it wasn't really what I expected.
It's supposed to be Sonoran style or inspired (New Mexico/Mexico border) and perhaps I'm not familiar with its flavors or maybe it's too Americanized.
Overlooking authenticity, I wasn't pleased with the majority of main dishes based on preparation of meats and overall seasoning.
However, I really enjoyed the salsas, guacamole, and short rib (or shredded beef).
These strong areas are not quite enough to carry a restaurant, so I can't say I'm a fan.
Also, prices seem a little high ($32/person), but the portions are generous.

Was a little hesitant since the reviews avg a 3, but I give it a 4.
You have to get the guacamole made fresh at your table side.
We asked for it spicy, and it still could have been hotter, but oh my, it was delicious!
The chips were ok, but I did not like either of the salsas they put on the table.
This is why I can't give them a 5.
I ordered the 3 chimichanga appetizer and it was good...especially the beef one.
However it came with little diced onions all over it, so be warned if you don't like raw onions.
The menu didn't say onions, so I did have the opportunity to say hold them.
Now you do!

Been going to this place for years, great food and drinks, ask for the 702 HOT Sauce.
This is the craziest hottest hot sauce you will ever I mean EVER!!!

Please bring back Diego's!!!
Diego's used to be my hubby's & I's go-to restaurant when we stayed at MGM.
It was so tasty and had amazing deals.
My how times have changed!
We live in San Diego, so we have the authority to critique Mexican food.
Diego's was grub, but Hecho took ten giant leaps towards "On the Border" status, yuck.
We went to Hecho last night and ordered the following: $7 margarita, guac, wings, street tacos, and the tres carnes enchiladas.
Pretty good happy hour deals.
The drink was standard in quality, but was served in a pint glass (not used to that).
The guac was not table side, but looked fresh.
It was ok, big chunks of avocado.
The strange thing was, it had this funky effervescence.
Some strange tingly sensation!
(Maybe something to keep the guac from going brown when they made it ahead of time?
) still edible, just weird.
The wings were really good, I would recommend them.
Thank goodness we got them or my poor hubby would not have been satiated.
The three tacos were also pretty standard - nothing great.
The meat was sub-par but, again, edible.
They could use a special sauce or salsa.
The street tacos are a fairly small plate as they don't come with beans or rice, FYI.
Finally, the tres carnes enchiladas - they were sad.
The meats were carne asada (which tasted like jerky), shredded beef (which tasted like rope), and carnitas (which was actually really good!).
The enchiladas were dry not only because the meat tasted like it was sitting in uncovered hotel pans for 16-18 hours but also because there was not enough sauce or cheese.
For being one of the most hyped plates on the menu, it was just depressing.
Let me say that I really like the new decor and remodel.
But I wish they remodeled the place and not the menu.
When my husband and I left, we discussed the changes & I asked him, "Don't you feel like we just left On the Border?
"    This place may satisfy some people who don't know guac about quality Mexican food - but this place, in short, is NO BUENO.

Had Dana as our waitress outstanding service had fajitas shrimp and chicken incredible ask for extra tortillas.
Tortillas soup very good and burrito is enormous bring an appetite.
One of the best Mexican restaurants in Vegas.
Make a reservation this place is crazy busy and you can make reservation on yelp.
Great job by entire staff.

My husband and I walked by this place 7 or 8 times, and finally decided to try it one night when we felt like the walk to the Luxor for Tacos & Tequila was going to take too long (I was getting hangry, and food needed to be acquired ASAP).
We had been laughing about the serious lack of customer service we had been receiving all over Las Vegas, but when we came to Hecho, we were really please with the hospitality we received.
Roberto was our server and he was awesome.
I got the Hecho Casa margarita on the rocks, my hubs got a shot of Don Julio and a Modelo Especial.
We got the table side guac, and it was amazing!
I worked in a Mexican restaurant for 3 years, so I am pretty picky about my guac.
We asked for it to be on the mild side, and it was heavenly.
We split the steak fajitas (also amazing) and they gave us flour and corn tortillas since we preferred different types.
The steak was perfect, really juicy and tender.
We had been thinking that the guac and fajitas may not be enough food, and we were planning on getting desert from the froyo place outside Hecho, but we were both so full that we didn't have room.
This was the best meal and best service we had in Vegas in the last 2 trips that we have made, and we will def be coming back again when we come back to Vegas in December.
Also, for one appetizer, one entree, 2 beverages and a shot, the price was only around $68...
Which was pretty cheap compared to the other places we ate and what we got for that price.
When we left, every person that we passed said goodbye, and thanked is for coming.
It was a nice change from the other places we had been.

As soon I walked up the service was so friendly and the place was so colorful.
We sat down and Dana was our waitress she had so much energy and was friendly helpful right off the bat.
The drinks were tasty and the food was pretty amazing .
I had the chicken fajitas .
The hand made corn tortillas were so warm and dele icon the chicken was lean and soft.
I think the highlight was desert , ordered the churros!
Amazing cream filled churros served with warm rich chocolate and caramel!
Amazing place it's a must visit every time I come to Vegas

I was severely disappointed by this place in MGM.
We wanted to eat somewhere different and worthwhile for our first night in Vegas and chose Hecho.
Customer service was terrible.
The menus are gigantic, size wise that is definitely not in terms of the options.
Tables were uncomfortable.
We ordered some enchiladas and quesadillas as well as sangria.
Both entrees were underwhelming and the $12 sangria was basically a cup of ice with ginger ale.
I've had better Mexican food at Chipotle.
Not worth the time or money.

Dined two nights in row.
Tale of two cities, first night made me want to come back, second night reminding me why I don't often   Eat Mexican.
And the service matched each night perfectly.

Dana is the best server!!!!
Friendly, upbeat and efficient.
The place is great for a pre box match.
The pomegranate margarita is great as are the street tacos.

I LOVE this place!
We stopped here for dinner one night during a conference we were at the MGM for.
The food was amazing, service was great, and the guac is to die for!
It can get pretty busy so reservations are definitely recommended!

