This place is incredible.
It's right next to subways in the Frys plaza.
The ambiance is beautiful and comfortable.
It's perfect for a couples brunch or even solo.
The owner is incredibly friendly and had at least eight people stop by just to congratulate him on his opening.
I had a croque Madame with a side of arugula and spinach salad.
I overheard the ranch was homemade.
My sandwich was open faced and had so much flavor.
I can tell that they put a lot of thought into their menu because the sandwich was immensely flavorful with spices and garlic.
The desserts were staring at me the whole time.
They were gorgeous.
He even have every customer a free almond croissant to take home.
It was probably homemade as well.
I overheard a guy say his Benedict was the best he ever had.
Just a warning the espresso machine wasn't there yet but they said it would be in a couple days.
In all fairness they opened today.
I bet their lattes will be amazing.
Go here!

Second time here- the chef and serving staff are friendly and the food is fantastic.
First time I had the Eggs Royale which may be the best Benedict I have ever had- the salmon was perfect texture and flavor, and the hollandaise matched well with the perfectly poached egg.
I had a milk chocolate tart for dessert and took a croissant to go, delicious!
This time I had a breakfast croissant with hashbrowns- incredible!
I also had the lavender-vanilla green iced tea which is super tasty.
Taking a salted caramel eclair to go so I can't comment on its flavor yet but I doubt I will be disappointed!

Great hidden gem in Oldtown!
I ordered the breakfast sandwich and coffee.
It's made with bacon and eggs wrapped in a croissant, a side of hash browns, and a mixed green salad.
It was a good portion, probably a little larger than I would normally finish, but I was hungry today.
The prices are very reasonable for the portion and quality.
The croissant was flaky, buttery, and delicious, and the bacon was thick cut and crispy, perfect for me.
I was a little disappointed they didn't have espresso drinks yet, but the regular coffee was very good as well.
They should be serving espresso drinks soon.
My boyfriend ordered the eggs benedict which looked delicious, but sadly he ate it all before I could snag a bite.
He said it was very good.
The eggs were poached perfectly.
He would have preferred bacon, which he's had before, but I generally prefer the traditional ham with my benedict.
The staff is helpful and very friendly.
As a nice touch, the owner/ chef came over to make sure everything was to our liking.
The atmosphere is good.
It seems like it's still a little work in progress, but I'd say shabby chic.
It's the same owners and location formerly known as Scratch with a similar menu.
Scratch was one of my favorite breakfast places, so I was very excited to see they opened a new restaurant.
I was not disappointed.
I'm sure Merci will remain one of my favorites.
I'm excited to try the lunch and dinner menu.

Is there anything more simple and beautiful than a perfectly poached egg for brunch?
I think not.
Merci's Eggs Benedict was exactly what I wanted for a lazy sunday brunch.
My better half enjoyed her modern updated Croque Madame, and the absolutely adorable ambiance here couldn't be anymore perfect than it was.
Duc is quite possibly one of the most gracious business owners in the Scottsdale area, and this small mom and pop establishment is the kind of place that makes eating out memorable and great, as opposed to some routine habit to sustain our bodies.
What our society needs is to slow down and work on sustaining our souls.
This is the place to do so.
The idea of going into another chain automaton after enjoying an afternoon at Merci is impossible and shameful.
The staff here are well appointed, classy, accommodating and friendly.
The only warning is that their splendid pastry case will be staring at you, and beckoning you to finish your meal quicker, every step of the way.
We shared a Chocolate Raspberry Mogador, which was also, like the rest of the experience, perfect; silky smooth chocolate mousse, with a raspberry topping which was the ideal touch of sweetness.
Picture included...don't be jealous, just go get your own.

I love this place!
Particularly fond of the eggs benedict.
All of the food is prepared with professionalism and looks and tastes like it came out of Le Cordon Bleu.
If you come in the morning, you might catch a batch of croissants fresh out of the oven.
They have butter, almond, and chocolate.
Also, the tea and coffee is imported from France so they are both incredible.
Try it out for yourself!

Such a great place.
The French fries were my highlight!
The French onion soup was fantastic.
Everything was great, highly recommend the almond crossaint!!

It simply does not get better than Merci and the masterpieces Duc provides.
The most generous of spirit chef you'll find, Duc puts his heart and soul into crafting perfect plates of amazing from Scratch.
Everything is of the finest quality and honestly the most delicious preparation.
Homemade buns and sauces for the burgers, the best quality beef and turkey and lamb, insanely great sandwiches and salads: you won't regret a single item on the menu.
His dinners are no different: insanely high quality at a price point that honestly doesn't make sense.
It's so affordable you wonder how there isn't a line out the door, and perhaps consider not telling your friends to keep it that way, but it's just so good that you can't keep it to yourself.
Do yourself a favor and take a few friends to Merci for a wonderful lunch.
Do call if you head over for dinner; they're still establishing their firm dinner hours, so letting them know you're coming during their tentative dinner hours (on Wed-Sat) is a good idea.
They'll take amazing care of you.
And try the pastries.
They'll blow you away as an encore.

It was so nice to see that Chef Duc was able to take a deep breath and re-establish himself as the go-to in delightful dining.
Peg and I had dinner at Merci earlier this week and were reminded of how talented this man is.
The asparagus coconut cream soup was velvet wonderfulness.
From the Croque Madame with egg and bechamel to the chicken in a Dijon mustard and mushroom sauce served with pasta (rice was on the menu but the substitute that he made was superb),  the meal was wonderful.
Service was spot-on and visits by the Chef (something he has always done in his other restaurants) were all evidence of his desire to make the experience a great one.
I highly recommend this place for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
Dr. B

Merci French Cafe and Patisserie  is  ***** TOPS *****  You really must try it.
+Creative, Ejoyable MENU, +Excellent QUALITY, +Well PREPARED +Appetizing PRESENTATION, +Friendly SERVICE, +Affordable PRICES, +Comfortable ATMOSPHERE.
I ordered EGGS FLORENTINE and when I told the server I was amazed at how good the plate looked she said chef Duc is also a photographer; so he always tries to make the food look appetizing.
He succeeded.
An appetizing presentation helps, but quality and preparation are key.
The poached eggs were warm and creamy with a light sauce over them, the spinach was tasty, the muffin was toasty, the "hashbrowns" were not over cooked and the side salad was colorful.
I was a very satisfied customer and will come back with family and friends.
If you are wondering about "French",  NO you don't have to speak french, just enjoy some topnotch french style cooking.
This place was once called Scratch,  it now has a new name, but it's even better.
And if you want to indulge yourself try some of their desserts.
I can't guarantee their calorie content, but you will enjoy their wonderful taste.
Bon Appetit.
Michael

I just went here for lunch with Chris C. (who reviewed it earlier), and had the same Le Parisien burger he mentioned in his review.
Every bit of it was mouthwateringly fantastic, and the even the fries were perfect.
It's a good thing I have solid willpower or I would have come out of there with some serious pastries as well, because they looked delicious.
It's obvious these guys put a *lot* of work and passion into their food, and the prices are surprisingly low.
Don't let their understated location fool you -- there's some world-class eating happening here.

Food was amazing and the service was fast.
I will be coming back here again.
I highly recommend the burger with the egg on it.
(Angus beef, straight from a farm!
) It is owner operated and Duc  and Noel were super friendly.

Is anyone else out there completely sick and tired of the plethora of Scottsdale restaurants serving mediocre food at hefty prices by an apathetic service staff????
ME TOO!!!
And that is why I am making the time in my crazy life to Yelp about a place that does everything right by their patrons.
Merci, at the risk of repeating myself, THANK YOU!!!!
Thank you for taking the time to choose a soothing/cozy decor.
Thank you for the extremely high level of cleanliness.
Thank you for hiring a staff that is not only friendly, but as my fiancé put it "You can just tell they are kind people.
" Natalie and Kat are absolutely the nicest, most down-to-earth service staff I have encountered in a very very long time.
Thank you to Duke, the owner/chef for his dedication to his craft.
If you've ever seen "Like Water For Chocolate" you'll understand that you can actually taste the love he has for creating culinary excellence.
And Thank You for not charging appropriately for your amazing food!...
I can actually afford to eat here.
Yay!
This place has won my heart and has now become my "Treat To Myself" meal... You know the various scenarios; Bad day at work, Horrible menstrual cramps,  fight with your bf, zombie apocalypse nightmares... all the reasons you decide you want to be extra nice to yourself.
Merci is my new goto place which I am super happy about because my last "Treat Myself" restaurant is in Chicago... a mystical land far far away.
Sadly, the pictures I took of Merci are not loading properly.
Sorry guys, go check it out for  yourselves!

This is a little cafe that is well worth the drive in my opinion.
Everything from the pastries to breakfast and lunch items are first rate.
The owner Duc is very passionate about his craft and always takes the time to talk to customers and get their feedback.
It takes me about 20 minutes to drive to Merci and in French: "Ca vaut la peine d'aller si loin pour manger si bien.!
"  I had lunch there today with a  friend and we both had the same "Special" of the day...which was an open faced lamb BLT...it came with salad and French fries and it was to die for.
Also had an Opera for dessert and it was really yummy.
The staff: Kat, Nathalie and Elizabeth are first rate and very warm and welcoming.
Merci is also open for dinner several times a week - However  I have not tried t yet.
Thank you..."Merci" for an outstanding experience.

We have been faithful customers since years, and are glad they are back.
Today, after we received a very favorable prognosis for  hubby's multiple foot and leg fractures, and because I had not eaten the entire day, we came here at 4.30pm to celebrate.
Duc saved my live!
We had the most delicious Rib Eye steak ever, and that is no exaggeration.
He is so understanding, kind and great empathy for all.
Precious locale, precious cook, and precious friend.
Thank you, et merci infiniment pour toujours.

I love this place!
Fresh and tasty food, very friendly wait staff and the owner, Duc, really puts his heart and soul into the food and making every patron feel welcome.
serves breakfast, lunch and dinner.
For an $8 corkage fee, you can bring your own bottle (BYOB).
It is well worth it to save room for one of his superbly delicious French pastries.
Croissants, pain au chocolate and almond croissants are available in the morning, but should you crave one after lunch, just call ahead and Duc will bake some fresh for you in 30 minutes.
Merci also offers fresh, homemade jams and and an assortment of sables (the French version of the shortbread cookie), such as pistachio, plain, chocolate or jasmine on the shelves of their charming cupboard inside the cafe.
I am definitely making Merci my regular hangout.
Should you want to practice your French, swing by Saturdays between 2 and 4pm.
A bien tot!

Love this place!
Had dinner tonight, I've never had the dinner, only breakfast until now.
Our table got the mussels, beef special and salmon.
Each was perfectly cooked and seasoned.
We've had the award winning chocolate dessert so decided to try the strawberry cheesecake dessert, with a mix that also contained, as my wife said "the best white chocolate she's had.
" Great night, the chef is really nice and loves talking about food, cooking, and things on general.
We loved scratch, we're excited Merci is open now and can't wait to go again for breakfast.

Was looking for a place near the W Scottsdale to get coffee, closest place was this or coffee Bean and tea leaf.
I elected to try this out.
Staff was friendly.
Croissants were fresh and hot.
Coffee excellent, five stars.
Actually, the staff was so friendly it blew my mind.
I normally don't Yelp from the parking lot but had to in this case.

What a great hidden gem in Scottsdale.
Interesting cafe that's next to Subway.
Owner is friendly and helpful.
Delicious hand made buttery croissants.

As it is right by my work a Coworker and I gave it a shot, she ordered lunch and I ordered just a desert.. We were seated quickly, our orders was taken quickly and our food arrived to us quickly.
My Only gripe is that we did have to wait a little long for our check but loved that they used the square system and we signed and were able to tip from the Ipad.
Our servers was very sweet I really loved the atmosphere.
as we were leaving we were thanked by the chef for stopping in.
All and all a very positive experience.
I would stop in again

Love their pastries!
Caramel chocolate tarte was yummy a must Share with your other half!
So sweet but so yummy!!
The macaroons, well lots of options but pistachio was a fantastic option!
Love this place !

I really enjoyed my quiche.
Service was slow and we ordered croissants that we never got (they sold the last ones to someone after we ordered them).
Frustrating, but we went back the next day and got some and they were to die for.
Take a dose of patience as there are only a couple of servers and they are also working the counter.
The ambiance is great, there is outdoor seating and I can't wait to try them for lunch or dinner.

Place is really cute with good food.
I got the crab cake burger and it was delicious.
They have a full espresso bar and great croissant pastries.
It's not too expensive either.
I plan on coming back!

Went to Merci on March 1st for breakfast.
The Chef came out and greeted us and made us fantastic food.
Coffee was great and the pastries are to die for.
The location is no great shakes (in a shopping center next to a Subway) but don't let that discourage you, it's worth a visit.

See all the 5 star reviews?
This cafe earns them.
I ate here 2X.
Breakfast & dinner.
Both meals were tasty, refined, nice portion, pretty on the plate.
Small selection on a focused menu.
Best quality ingredients used.
For dinner, bring your own wine bottle (be a sport - a good wine).
Corkage: $8.
Charming!

Great food, so glad they are back in business.
Please bring back the balsamic salad dressing!!

Wish I could add another star!
What a jewel in the desert!
I could go on with superlatives, but it would be redundant after all the other great reviews.
Just don't miss going there!

I used to come here when it was Scratch, so I was really happy that they reopened.
It's a great lunch spot, their menu has a French flair and consists of mostly salads and sandwiches.
Their portion sizes are very generous and they use decent ingredients.
So far I've tried a few sandwiches and the goat cheese salad which was very good, you could tell that they used high quality cheese since it was so flavorful.
They also have a delicious vegan coconut soup, that you can't tell is vegan.
Their croissants are very good too.
I will definitely come back and would highly recommend.

Good food but the people working there need to get some customer service training.
It ruins the food.
Sorry.

I think we came on a bad day, it was extremely busy.
The food did not take a very long time considering the full house, I don't have an issue with the speed.
The service needed help though, I had to ask the waitress to bring the drink that came with the kids meal (kid is 19 months), and was brought in a regular cup which is impossible to give to her.
We asked for a cup with a lid and got one, and had to ask for a spoon for her macaroni but never got one, so we went and got one from the counter.
Meals came all at different times.
My egg on the Croque Madame was undercooked, meaning the white of the egg was clear, so I brought it back up for a little more cooking.
They said sorry and took it back, and I let the expediter/runner know what happened and she said the french undercook all their food, "but thanks for letting us know".
Hahahaha.
The Nicoise salad is not grilled tuna, it's tuna salad.
We had to ask for the french fries we ordered.
We never got the fruit that was supposed to come with the kids meal.
The waitress said the macaroni is cooked from scratch but it's Annies shells n cheese (I don't care but it made me laugh).
The croque madame is over seasoned (thyme?
) so you can't taste the ham, egg or cheese.
My friend found some crayons and coloring pages to occupy my daughter.
I felt that my friend was more helpful than the actual waitress.
I went home and googled how the french cook their eggs (in french!
) and could not find any photos of raw eggs.
I see a picture here of the egg on a burger and it's properly cooked so I don't think the whites are normally left uncooked.
Anyway, I think it was a bad day and the waitress must have no experience with kids.
I do feel bad, the owner was very nice.
But I didn't enjoy the meal :(

Had dinner tonight before a show at the ASU Kerr theatre.
Fantastic as always, I've been going to Scratch for a long time, and Merci hits all the same notes that keeps me coming back.
Except the balsamic vinaigrette is gone.
Bring it back please!
:)  Amazing pastries, I've taken many groups of people here, and it's always a hit.

Came here on a Saturday for breakfast and the wait was about 15 minutes so we went elsewhere.
The hostess was very courteous about it and we returned on Sunday morning for breakfast...what a hidden gem in Scottsdale!
The food was excellent and the staff was very knowledgeable in their recommendations for breakfast.
I personally had the French toast and it was some of the best I've had.
Fresh bread and it was presented very well on the plate.
The ambiance of Merci is just like a small Parisian Caffè and the patio is excellent with the choice of music.
I strongly recommend visiting if you are in the area.
I will be back for lunch and dinner for sure!

Merci was a great find!
Most Sundays it's difficult to get into a restaurant for breakfast.
We were pleasantly surprised to get in without any wait time.
I had the homemade croissant egg sandwich.
It was flaky & delectable.
Was surprised with the generous two sides that came with it - crispy hash browns & salad!!
Unfortunately, the potatoes were cold.
The waiter was gracious and brought us an extra plate of hot hash browns very quickly.
The desserts looked amazing.
That will be for a future visit.
The only negative I saw was that one of the waitresses delivered a dog dish of water to a pooch on the patio, then without washing her hands began to replenish water at another table.
I'm sensitive about cross contamination!

Ah I don't know...call me crazy but I can't love this place as much as I want to.
We came here on the weekend for breakfast.
It was right after the time the served breakfast but they could see the majority of the people here wanted it so they said they could make it.
We got a croissant and a glass of lemonade to start - both of those were delicious.
The lemonade is made with sparking water or something of the nature which gives it a tart flavor without too much lemon.
At this point the service was okay.
We were somewhat acknowledged when we sat down but nothing too friendly.
You could tell one of the two waitresses was new...it's not a big place so it was easy to see the more experienced one was getting frustrated.
Not professional.
I ordered eggs Benedict while my boyfriend ordered an omelet...which was suggested over the egg croissant.
My food came out cold with the tiniest amount I hollandaise, I asked for a side...so she brought me a cold side of it.
Seriously?
On top of my already cold food, thank you.
My boyfriends omelet looked like an omelet.
Zero exciting things about it.
Personally I would have gotten the sandwich, he wasn't thrilled, but at least it was warm.
The food comes with a side salad.
Odd that this is greens with a ranch like dressing (which is actually rather good) instead of potatoes or fruit or something more breakfast traditional, hey even a tomato slice like most of Europe.
Overall, I wasn't impressed.
The flavors tasted like something I could find at any dinner or breakfast joint.
I liked the lemonade and the baked goods...the other desserts looked good but didn't try any.
I don't recommend breakfast, I may go back for lunch to give it a second try because it has such good reviews but it needs some work.
As well as some better service.
A party of six walked in and she said "I don't have room for you".
No, if you wait for 10 minutes we can seat you.
Odd.
The decor is cute, a little pricey, and not worth the food...maybe the dessert and lemonade though.

I hate to give 1 star but I just couldn't even like the place.
I was so disappointed by the service and food.
The server did not know the menu or how to make drinks.
Ice coffee:  first cup of coffee:  salt was in the sugar container.
second time:  lots of coffee grinds in the cup.
third time:  the coffee was watered down.
They were out of spinach, out of croissants, & the eggs were under cooked.
Lorriane quiche was bland and super small  We got the last chocolate croissant.
That was the best from the whole experience.
I hope it was an off day, but I am going to pass and try another place before coming back.

I have gotten the salmon open face sandwich three times now.
I love it.
The people who also work here are always friendly.
LOVE IT!
The place is super cute too

Hidden gem between a Subway and RadioShack in a local shopping center.
Beef bourguinon...awesome.
Duck confit...awesome.
Great sandwiches too.
Save room for dessert too.
Multiple desserts!
Merci also serves a great kids meal, the best grilled cheese your child will ever eat!

We loved everything about this place.
It is super cute, delicious food, great service, and the chef/owner was wonderful.
We came for dinner tonight and will definitely be back for breakfast and lunch.

Delicious.
Such a quaint little spot.
We went on Memorial Day for breakfast.
Wasn't too busy when we arrived but still a little too busy for the one server they had working.
Nevertheless service was prompt, she did a great job looking after everyone.
Food was delicious.
Eggs Florentine so well done I would eat it everyday!
French Toast was super sweet.
A little too rich for my breakfast tastes but so yummy!
Can't wait to go back and try the desserts I hear so much about.
Try them out!

I was excited to try Merci, as I've heard / read great reviews.
Went for lunch on a Wednesday with a friend.
We met at noon, and there were probably about five other tables sitting down & eating when we arrived.
We were greeted warmly and told to sit where we liked.
Our server quickly stopped by & was polite.
We both ordered an open-face sandwich, and my friend ordered a bowl of asparagus soup - she was excited to know that it was vegan & made fresh.
It was at this point that our experience turned from being great to 'meh'.
We waited for nearly 45 mins to get our sandwiches.
Someone (not our server) did stop by and let us know that our orders were under way & apologized for the wait.
When our sandwiches finally came, my friend asked about her soup - and was told it would be out shortly.
She then asked to cancel the order, as she really didn't think she'd have room to try it after the sandwich.
Why they didn't think to bring it out during the previous 45 minutes we were waiting is beyond me.
About five minutes later we called our server over and asked how long their crepes took to make.
I'm 7 months pregnant, and once I saw that they had Nutella Crepes on the menu, it was really all I could think about.
She said about 10 minutes - so I asked her to put an order in (worried that it would take far longer, judging how long the sandwiches took.
)  She came out to our table a short time later and informed us that they were all out of crepes.
But they had ice-cream, should I want that.
I am by no means an expert or even remotely experienced with running a restaurant, but how do you run out of crepes?
I have made them before- you put a few ingredients together & then cook them on the stove.
AND there is a grocery store in the same complex, so if you had run out of, let's say, eggs - couldn't you go buy some?
I know I'm pregnant and not really that patient when it comes to craving, but come on.
The food we did get to eat was good.
The people who work there were friendly, but I was by no means 'wowed' enough to plan a trip back.

Finally headed back to this restaurant after a long hiatus (they closed for a bit and I may have forgotten about them once they reopened, my bad for sure).
We were happy to see that the menu was a bit updated but it really was the same great place it was before.
We have only been here for breakfast and it is always good.
The egg dishes are what I typically go for and I am rarely disappointed.
If you enjoy sweet breakfasts do try Merci's french toast.
It is different but different in a very good way.
Their coffee is great quality and honestly, sometimes I enjoy heading over to Merci just to enjoy a great cup of coffee along side a freshly baked croissant (or chocolate croissant...).

Can't wait to come back here again soon.
It was eclectic and delicious.
My absolute favorite was the veggie soups with coconut milk; it was phenomenal!
The duck was good and the desert was super rich and flavorful.
Equally as interesting, the chef is quite the world traveler and excellent pho grapher.
This is my new favorite French restaurant.

To be fair I really do love this place and it deserves 3.5 stars.
BUT, the service isn't the best and the food isn't consistent.
If you go for a croissant call first because they have ran out 3 different times and the breakfast sandwich seems different every time I get it.
Either way the food is great and the owners are the definition of lovely.
The macaroons can't be beat!
And I would highly recommend the crab burger!
YUM!

I have a constant fluctuating schedule, I had built up quite the appetite and when I walked in it was 10 minutes before they closed.
They were very welcoming and made me a great salmon plate.
In other restaurants I'm rushed out the door or treated rudely or both, but not here!
My food was delicious, the place looks really stylish, very friendly staff, and great music.
Check it out!

My wife and I went here because we were simply walking by.
Everything is made by the owner from scratch using real French techniques.
For example the bun my burger was on had been made that day in house.
The food is cleanly presented and everything taste great.
The owner came and sat with us for bit and even gave us a free dessert when we couldn't decide.
A great place to eat, we went a bit overboard and spent around $50 on a lunch for two but it felt worth it.
We will definitely be returning.

This place is run by a friendly Frenchman who is an excellent chef.
I ate here before when it was called Scratch and really enjoyed my meal.
This morning I had the breakfast sandwich and it was one of the best that I've had in a long time.
Everything was nicely flavored and it came with a delicious side salad.
As I looked over the menu I keep seeing high quality dishes at reasonable prices.
I will be coming back to try their dinner menu very soon.

Review is only for the baked goods in take out.
Service was pleasant, choco croissant was good , macarons were great, price is lil over $3 but size is big.
Rum cake tasted dry and like the fridge :(  maybe it was old?
Opera cake was pretty good but had different flavor than most French opera cake .
Very cute place , it's hidden too .
Will come back for their food and give review after that again but for take out pastries and cakes ( which I don't mind spending 5-8$ per French cakes as I love them) I got 2 cakes, 2 macaron , and 2 croissant plus tip was 28$, which isn't bad but would have expected a little more freshness in $5 cakes.
Still love that we have little French bakery here in scottsdale .
Maybe it was a bad day today .
Ohhh main thing, little sad that merci logo on cakes weren't edible (~_~) I like it when they make it chocolate lol I almost ate the paper haha

