Been a customer for over 2 years now my 5 year old son as well, great haircuts great prices

I just started going to this barber about 3 months ago.
And I got say if you are looking for a haircut around 32st and bell rd PV BARBERS is the place to go.
PV barbers not only give good prices but give great and professional haircuts.
PV barbers gives you a business card that gives you your 7th haircut free.
All the barbers are very nice and respectful.
It is also great that all barbers speak both English and Spanish.
In my opinion Pv barbers is a 5 star barbershop !

Very friendly staff, speaks English and Spanish well.
The haircut was crisp and on point.
I would definitely come here again

Es la megor babershop entodo phoenix.
Si quieres Un buen corte de pelo, deves De venir a pv barbers.
Buenos precios tambien.
Todos cortan El pelo bien pero mi preferrido es ruben!

I have been a customer of Rubens for about ten years.
He has always done a great job on my hair.
It was awesome watching him grow to having a full barber shop.
The other barbers who work at pv barbers are great too.
Pv barbers are very hospitable, every time I walk in I'm greeted and feel comfortable.
Overall the business is very well run and gives me the feel of a old time barber.
Ps the strait shave is where it is at!

Ruben is the man for the job....I meet Ruben 5 years ago when he was working across the street and then followed him everywhere he went.
Finally he has his own barbershop.
I wouldn't trust my hair to anyone else.
If you want a great and affordable haircut this is the place

Me and my son have been going to Reuben for 3 years now and have been extremely happy every time we go to have our haircut.
He takes his time and is truly a master of his craft and I highly recommend this shop for anyone who needs a great haircut at a great price!

Been going here for over 16 Years n I will never go anywhere else Ruben and staff r wonderful , I a lways feel welcome everytime  I'm there , never got a bad haircut in 16 yrs from them I would highly recommended to anyone that needs a steady barber.
once  u go there u never go back to your old place...now even my brother n his kids go there also ....

