First time here , I was advised by a friend, I like Mediterranean cuisine Italian to lebanese , The outside is well lite and you can see the name of the restaurant from far, I got a warm welcome and sat down by the bar where Joel and Anthony greeted me and introduced themself , asa first timer I ask for the food menu and Anthony sugested a few things also let met taste some wine a very unique Blend of shiraz, sauvignon frank and cavernet sauvignon medium body slightly sweet and hint of spices,  after that I tried the Hummus which was very nicely done a creamy puree of the garbanzo and lemon juice fresh After that I tried the Kebbeh Senieh a Ground beef mixed cracked wheat spices onions pine nuts baked and served with a cucumber yogurt ,and side of steamed vegetables Anthony suggested a side of spicy chilli.
sauce which gave it a whole new taste , a fresh soft to the palate but with a hit of spice from.
the chilli, over all a great experience at Naya , I will be back for more for sure.

Tonight was the 3rd night Naya has been open.
Service was excellent.
Amanda did a super job.
Menu contained many compelling entrees:      A.
Wife had lamb chops.
Loved them      B.  I had Jenne's Penne.
OMG.
THE BEST!
Portions very generous.
Priced more than right.
Drinks were right as too volume.
My wife and I eat out very often.
We think we have a feel for what a nice meal should cost.
After our meal, we both thought of what would be a good value would be for our  4 drinks...2 appetizers...2 entrees...one desert...one soft drink.
We agreed that $135.00 is about what the meal should have cost....not counting tip.
The bill arrived and it was $98.00 (not counting tip) and we were very pleasantly surprised.
Will we go back?
Not until next week.
Naya will be a success.
Larry  PS  Our server apologized for taking a few minutes too long to get our drinks.
She told us upfront that this was the crew's third night of being open...and things might take a bit longer.
She told us this BEFORE the fact and before we got antsy.
Her telling us upfront saved us the aggravation of wondering "WTF.

Beautiful place... Great ambiance and quality food.
Had the mixed kabab and it was awesome.
Will be back very soon

Really good Middle Eastern fare in more of a white tablecloth environment.
Service was excellent -- charming and attentive hostess and server.
It's a beautiful room/space, set up for "energy" (i.e.
open and noisy -- with techno-ey music playing) rather than intimacy.
Menu is interesting mix of middle eastern and Italian (clams and mussel dishes next to the babagnoush and kebabs).
We started with an order of the falafel, which was really terrific.
Comes with tahini but no pita (server: "don't worry, I'll bring some out for you").
Entrees are large portions.
My kibbeh was really good; meaty, crunchy and loaded with spices.
Wifey loved her moussaka.
Beautiful bar.
Nice that they had some craft-y beers (Four Peaks Kiltlifter, Anchor Steam) to go with the traditional nasty Bud/Miller/Coors.
Good stuff.

Ok definitely the worst restaurant I have been to in Scottsdale!!!
The service is slow!!!!
They messed up every single item we ordered.
The restaurant had a terrible draft and the food was mediocre.
I would never ever go here again!
Many better options for Mediterranean food in Scottsdale.
A definite add to the must miss list.
Blech.

Our meal on Saturday night was a disaster from start to finish.
We arrived for our 7PM reservation and stood waiting at the door for over ten minutes while cold gusts of wind hit us each time the door opened.
It also gave us a chance to hear the awful electronic piano music which was way too loud.
Seated at our table near the kitchen we sensed that providing good service and preparing and serving acceptable food would be a challenge in a room that was filled to it's over 200 seat capacity.
Our harried waitress was pleasant but not suited to the task.
She was clumsy at taking our order and never cleared a dish or made sure that our table was cleared when needed.
Our baba ghanouj appetizer was a tasteless, watery mess accompanied by pieces of pita bread that were equally bland and tasteless.
Over an hour into our sitting the main courses had not arrived.
Our waitress seemed aware of the delay and the owner stopped by our table to apologize for the delay.
When our main courses came out we were really dismayed.
My wife's salmon was a tail piece sliced so thin that there was no chance of it not being overcooked.
My kafta kabob looked like the charred remains of something deposited in a dog park.
The rice was pasty and the vegetables were limp zucchini, red peppers and onions scooped from a vat.
After the waitress tried to replace my wife's salmon with an equally bad piece, the owner came over to tell us we would not be charged for our meal.
Bottom line.
Nice people who have no clue of how to run a restaurant on the scale of Naya.
It is a big room and they do not know how to manage it.
The food is dreadful and I have no reason to believe that they know how to do better.
Stay away.

A lot of people will probably try it because it's new and there aren't any up-market med places in the area, but I don't see this place lasting.
It's expensive for what you get and the food is unremarkable.
Hummus was fine.
Chicken kebab plate was ok, spinach pie appetizer not good and the worst part is that the pita was hard and seemingly stale.
You couldn't even open it, immediately upon delivery to the table.
So the fact that the pita portion was very skimpy didn't bother us because we didn't want it anyway.
Not sure if they changed anything about the decor since it was Bloom or Cask or whatever last.
The wait staff was nice.
The wait for the food, however was very long.
Even though you can excuse that because the place is new, there was hardly anyone there, so it shouldn't have taken 20+ minutes to get a hummus appetizer.We'll stick with our old stand-by, Pita House, which would be perfect if there was an outdoor are that was hookah smoke free or an indoor area that didn't give you the creeps.
Food-wise, it's way better.

The food was great, the bar is beautiful and the wait staff was very friendly and attentive.
The food is Mediterranean, it's a mix of middle eastern and italian food.
Very traditional and you can taste the the quality and freshness in each dish.
I would definitelyrecommend it to my family and friends.

Walked in on saturday night.
Restaurant half empty but was turned away cuz no reservation (along with 2 other parties)!
Promptly booked reservations on opentable and got seated.
Food good but service and general operations will doom this place to a short life:(

Many excellent Mediterranean/Middle Eastern restaurants inPhoenix.
This is NOT one.
Prices are low, they match the quality.
FOOD:   Descriptions fine -  results  AWFUL:  -Spinach Pie - crust was cardboard; - Kebbah Senieh - dreadful dry mashup with overpowering cinnamon;  - Lamb Chops - two thin fatty chops with barely any meat on them;  - Chicken Marsala - thin chicken breast had never been near marsala wine, covered with canned mushrooms ;  - Desserts -  no menu, no dessert tray, just trust the server!
SERVICE:  Server was busy with her other job, didn't listen to what we wanted,  didn't check how our food tasted.
Wait staff  better, filled glasses, asked before clearing plates.
Not what you'd expect from a Fox restaurant.

Exceptional food.
Great bar and dining room.
Do yourself a favor and ask your server for THE CHEF's TASTING EXPERIENCE.
It will not be offered to you but ASK and just relax and enjoy!!
Absolutely amazing.

This place is AMAZING!
The food has exceptional flavor and is very authentic.
The Chef's Choice (which is not offered on the menu) is worth asking for.
You will be served  nothing but the best & guaranteed satisfaction!
By far the BEST Mediterranean cuisine ever!

Beautiful place.
I was there last night for birthday dinner, Love the appetizers( hummus, baba ghanouj) , kafta kebab, fatoush and ladyfinger for desert.
The best Mediterranean Cusine in Arizona!

Don't let one persons bad experience divert you from trying this place.
First the decor is great.
Lots of inside seating, full bar and outdoor seating as well.
The staff is very friendly!
Most importantly the food was delicious!!
We came for lunch, had a number of different things to include dessert.
Everything was fresh.
You owe it to yourself to try this place.

Best Mediterranean restaurant in AZ!
Everything tasted so authentic and the menu had a nice variety from mostly Lebanese to some Italian dishes.
The steak hummus is a must and the sujuk  and makanek are unbelievable.
Don't miss out on one of the best dinning experience ever.

The food here was amazing.
I especially liked the keybeh neyah.
I definitely recommend this place for great food.

The service and food here was amazing.
The decor is very nice and classy.
I will definitely come back.

Looked for a new place for lunch today.
I love Mediterranean food and thought we would try this place out.
The service was good but the food was sub par.
Hummus needs more garlic and lemon :(

Great new restaurant in Scottsdale!
Service was fantastic and the food was very good.
For an appetizer, we shared the grape leaves and Falafel.
Both were very tasty!
I had the pan seared salmon for a main course - I loved it, it was very well prepared and served with carrots and rice.
My boyfriend had the grilled chicken - it was good, a little bland but I prefer that to places that cover their food in sauces.
Always nice to find restaurants that support local growers and use quality ingredients.
Very cute atmosphere, reasonable prices, and a great dining experience.
We'll be back!

Great new place.
Enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was incredible an unique.
So tired of the same steak and sides.
Ugh!
This place was refreshing and beautiful.
Great date place!

Three women having a fun night out!
We ate "girly food", (meaning nothing but appetizers)!
Each appetizer was absolutely delicious and unique.
Also had a nice bottle of wine.
Great service, great appetizers and next time I will try a meal!
The décor is beautiful!!

I ate here a few weeks ago with a group of eight.
I often order two appetizers rather than an entree because I like to taste as many things as possible.
I decided to have the Mezza Combo for two (hummus, baba ghanouj, grape leaves, tabbouleh salad and olives) and the Makanek (Lebanese sausage w/fries and garlic sauce).
The sausage and fries had what was likely a sauce from the pan drippings and it was so good I couldn't stop eating it.
I know that some things are a matter of taste but I particularly liked the tabbouleh because it didn't have too much lemon or parsly but was still well seasoned.
In most restaurants that I've had grape leaves they've always been too acetic for my taste but these were not.
I was also able to have a taste of the cheese fatayer (filo dough stuffed with halloumi cheese/herbs and baked).
I will order it the next time I go here.
The rest of the group also had several appetizers and wine.
Everyone was happy with their selections.
I don't drink at all if I'm driving but some of my friends are okay with having a glass of wine with dinner and driving.
From their comments this was one area where the restaurant could probably improve.
None of them were particularly happy with the selection and had to taste a couple of wines before finding one acceptable and there are not super picky people.

The Shops at Gainey is loaded with new restaurants.
This area of Scottsdale has discriminating customers to be sure.
Met a Ph.d friend of ours  for lunch and had a nice table at the big picture window.
Will want to return again as we were fully ensconsed in chat most of the time.
This place does have potential as the decor and menu are very nice and the prices fair.
We had issues with the waiter who had a little attitude and did not fully grasp the idea of an experiential customer experience.
This is ok as we did not arrive to be pampered either.
In the end though, he got "creative" with our check.
Once we noticed this we asked to see Mike Hamati the Manager on duty.
He was none too thrilled and did the right thing for us.
For this reason we will return as the Mediterranean plate among other items is well prepared.
Just have you "readers' on when you review your check..

The food was very good, but what made this place stand out was the exceptional service!
We sat outside and our waiter Damien was extremely attentive and polite.
My boyfriend and I were very impressed with his customer service!!!
This is what bumped the rating up to 5 stars!!
Tip: fabulous hummus!

My dad was in town and wanted to take me, my husband, and our two year old out for dinner.
Thank goodness I made reservations because we showed up and it was their grand opening!
I was amazed at how well they handled everything on such a busy night.
Our server went above and beyond to make sure we were happy and everyone loved what they ordered.
My dad got the salmon, and my husband and I shared the lamb.
Delish!
We will be back.

Wow, this was a fantastic dining experience.
Not only is the restaurant itself beautiful, but the ambience is excellent and my wife and I were absolutely blown away by the food.
We started with the steak hummus which was fantastic - my wife isn't a huge hummus fan, but she loved this...always a good sign.
Our best decision of the night, however, was splitting the mixed grill for dinner - chicken, lamb and two kinds of beef served with veggies and Israeli cous cous...each of them was unique, all of them were delicious.
This was a perfect way to get a feel for the range of the menu.
We are definitely going to be back here sooner than later!

Ordered chicken dishes both plates had undercooked chicken, manager changed it but not to fond of havin undercooked poultry, menu is pretty small not much of variety

The food was OK but there is very little in the way of mediterranean dishes on the lunch menu.
A couple of salads but no meat dishes.
The rest of the lunch items were Italian dishes.
Very strange.

Great Location, great atmosphere.
But that is where it ends.
Twice the price as Eden's Grill.
Small portions.
We were excited for the special feature on Saturday evenings menu Paella $49.00 entree was very bland & would have tasted better if it were cooked in Rice-a Roni.
Another Scottsdale restaurant that will come & go.
We won't be back

Prices might be a little on the high side for the actual food on the menu/plate, but it's fairly decent Arabic food.
Service was good, but I would have preferred a bit more middle eastern flair for the atmosphere.
Had the chicken kabobs and fattoush salad...solid order.
Next time, I am just going to order there entire apps menu as they all sounded great!
Hope this place survives.
If not, find a cheaper location, dial up the middle eastern/Lebanese atmosphere and deliver same quality for half the price.

the food was good and had very nice presentation.
we had:  mezza combo steak and hummus fried kebbeh makanek falafel mossaka  its more expensive than what i thought it would be.

Checked out Naya Mediterranean Cuisine for lunch recently.
We ordered the Mezza Combo which came with Hummus, baba ghanouj, grape leaves and tabboleh salad to start.
For my entree I had the Salmon Salad which was served with seasonal baby greens with aged balsamic honey vinaigrette topped with pan seared salmon.
The salad was good, but my salmon was super fishy and not what I would expect from a $16.00 salad.
I would be interested in coming back here and checking out their dinner menu, maybe I came on an off day.
Service was fantastic though and the decor was simply stunning!

Thank god the food was great!
Service was so bad!

This place was just okay.
The food I felt was mediocre however the service was very good.
There was no one in the restaurant when I went which seemed a little bizarre.
I had the chicken kabob and it wasn't that great.
The chicken seemed a little dry and kinda bland.
Overall just average.

My family wanted to try this place so I went along even though I really wanted Italian food.
We walked in and I was instantly pleased-dim, romantic lighting accompanied with a beautiful bar, outside patio, and really comfy booths.
I even noticed a private dining room in the corner for events.
To make a long story short, I got my Italian fix-I ordered Jene's penne and it was so delicious!
It was covered in a white Bianca sauce which had a bacon aftertaste, so yummy.
I tasted my family's plates which were more geared towards the Lebanese culture-kifta kabob, chicken skewers, tikka, tabbouleh, hummus, and fettush.
All were fabulous!
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who asked about Lebanese food.
If you have the pleasure to meet the owner because he is very sweet and hospitable (I forgot to catch his name!

Wow..
The ambiance very modern and romantic .. And they have live jazz music going that complements everything .. We will be back!

Came from LA where we had many options for mediterranean food.
This was nothing short of fantastic!!!
I will be back for sure and I'm not always easily impressed.
These guys did it right!

First time we have been here.
It was everything we could have hoped for.
We started with appetizers.
Hummus was good.
Mussels were different than we usually see and very good.
Tabbouleh was the best I can recall...ever.
My entree was a kafta kebab with beef and I enjoyed its flavor.
Lots of pepper if that bothers the reader.
My wife had kebbeh and enjoyed it a lot.
We had bismati rice as a starch and julianned carrots and zucchini as vegetable.
The only problem in the entire meal is the vegetables were barely warm with everything else hot.
No room for dessert.
My wife enjoyed the white sangria: sweet with interesting flavors.
I enjoyed a Greek white wine and a lebanese red.
This has a number of middle eastern dishes which will bring us back.
Service was friendly.
Our waitress was nice and knowledgeable but apparently had tables in bar as well as restaurant so wasn't able to be there for food and wine delivery sometimes.

This place is a gem, the food is excellent (lamb chops) and the drinks are amazing....Joel the mixologist is a true MIXOLOGIST.

Met friends at this establishment and was very surprised with the modern atmosphere, the service was fantastic, the meal was delicious, with a variety of drinks and even a specialty drink of the day.

Great experience from start to finish!
The service was spot on and we completely enjoyed our menu choices.
My favorite was the Shish Tawook.
The staff really worked as a team, everyone at some point stopped by our table to remove a dish or see if we needed anything.

I came here for lunch with friends.
First impression: it is beautiful inside and makes me want to ask them to decorate my house!
The service was quick and friendly and the server was happy to recommend a dish when I was humming and haaing.
Mind you, it was pretty dead, I think there were about 3 tables with people at them.
We had hummus and baba ghanoush to start.
They did not bring enough pitas at first, but brought a refill when we asked.
Both dips were good and the pita bread was hot.
Then we shared the special Greek salad.
The chicken had a great rub on it!
I'm glad we shared though because it was HUGE.
I had Jenny's penne for my entree which is a spicy penne with chicken.
It was very good.
My friends had the chicken masala and the beef kabab which they both thoroughly enjoyed.
We also were lucky enough to try some of the mixed drinks.
My favourite was the mojito relative that they do.

Disappointing menu.
Many Middle Eastern foods missing and replaced with Italian dishes, like a pasta and a caprese salad (yes, really).
Notice the wonderful scallops on the photo of the restaurant?
They were out of them.
Very few selections if you do not eat meat.
Portions were small, the tabooli was OK as was the yogurt (Labni), the kefta was seasoned OK.
The cheese filled phyllo was not phyllo but some brick like dough ball.
They were just awful.
The bread was just so so.
Much better places to try are Pars on frank Lloyd Wright or Persina Room.
Much better, cheaper and more food.

My husband and I just got home from a fabulous dining experience at Naya.
We were among the very first diners at Naya tonight.... We didn't't realize it opened at 5:00 for dinner service.
We were warmly welcomed by the owner.
We shared  the Mezza Combo which contained Baba Ghanouj, Hummus, Tabbouleh Salad,Stuffed Grape Leaves, and other goodies.
My husband got Lamb Chops; I got Shish Tawouk which was marinated chicken on skewers.
The plate also had veggies and rice.
We ended our dinner with a warm dessert made of FILO dough and sweet cheese topped with Rose water.
It was good.... Not great.
In a word: DELICIOUS!
We really enjoyed our dinner.
Our server was very knowledgable about the menu.
She was extremely pleasant and our food came out the proper temperature.
The owner came to our table to make sure we were happy with the food.
We will definitely return to Naya..... That is FOR SURE!

