We ate there Friday night and it was an absolute delight.
Scott the owner, the staff and the décor was very inviting.
The pizza was very good.
The combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of sauce and a fresh mozzarella along with quality toppings makes it the best pizza I've had in Arcadia area.
It was even tasty the next day.
What I liked about it the most is that they're not trying to be a fancy place or going all snobby on the food as the Arcadia area restaurants do way too much.
They obviously just want to be a pizza parlor offering a good pizza, at a fair price and they seem to be doing a good job of it.
They also have BYOB, you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food.
I don't why but I find this kind of cool  We will definitely be back.

We received a free slice offer in the mail and decided to stop by for pizza and a salad.
The space has a nice rustic feel with indoor and outdoor seating.
There are plenty of menu options including salad, pizza and sandwiches and they also allow BYOB.
The pizza and salad was great (under $3 for a slice with toppings) and this place is a great alternative to the other formal pizza parlors in the area.

This place is owned by a friend of a friend so I want to see them succeed and I hope this is taken as constructive criticism.
That said, I'm torn.
I's a great price for a giant pizza but it lacks flavor and they only deliver to the other side of a postage stamp.
The Good:  Huge pizza for a decent price...
The Bad:  I want to love it but it lacks flavor.
I think the sauce could use more olive oil, garlic, basil and a pinch of salt to bring it out.
The crust is a wonderful texture but again, not much flavor.
The pie could benefit from a little pecorino or parmesan in the cheese mix too.
The Ugly:  if you want it delivered, you better live across the street because that's the boundary!
We live less than two miles and we're told we are outside of their delivery area... Hmmmmmm.
I hope they'll tweak a few things so I can love this place and give it five stars!

Great wings, artichoke dip, and pizza.
Great addition to the neighborhood as our other pizza options aren't so good.
My only criticism would be the cursive on their online menu.
It's very difficult to read and makes me feel illiterate.
Other than stirring feelings of inadequacy this will be our go to pizza spot!

Wow!
Delicious HUGE pizza, great salad, speedy delivery in the Biltmore-Arcadia area and decent prices.
I'm in heaven!

Fantastic pizza and you can't beat the lunch special (2 slices and a drink for $5).
The slices are huge and FULL of flavor!
I took home a menu so we can take advantage of the other specials and specialty pizza selections for a go-to dinner.

Kids loved the cheese pizza.
We built our own with carmelized onions, green bell peppers, italian sausage, kalamata olives--it was solid.
All fresh.
The owners are the same group that founded NYPD until it was sold to owners who stopped going fresh.
New York style stuff here at Giant Rustic.
They go so far as to match their filtered water with what they had back in Yonkers.
That's commitment.
Great scene here off Camelback, too.
They deliver.
Solid place.
I prefer it now over all the others that deliver to us.
Again, kids like it.
Thank the Lord.
You can also get a slice inside which is key.

Cute new local spot, close to home, and we were excited to try it.
Greeted by a lovely, bubbly little Italian woman, we had high hopes.
While the pizza is in fact giant in size, it's unfortunately not so big on flavor.
We ate a few bites and left.
The owners seemed like really nice people.
But their focus on size (the little Italian lady kept telling us that its the biggest pizza in the city by two inches) is short cited from our perspective.
While families on a budge might appreciate the size, those looking for a great pizza will go elsewhere.
The local competitors (Bianco, Pomo, and even LGO) are simply too good for this place to make it.

The first time I stopped in was New Years Eve picked up a menu around 2:00 PM and was told that they would be open later i th evening.
I called in around 5:15 PM and was told they were closed for New Years Eve.
I was shocked, the person I talked to was very very sorry for the inconvenience this caused me and promised me a free pizza.
I thought like this guy is not going to remember me.
Well to my surprise Scott the owner did remember me and he pulled out the piece of paper that he wrote my name on New Years Eve about the Free Pizza.
I was really impressed or should I say shocked that this man did this.
So today I went in and ordered the Pesto Chicken pizza and OMG it was awesome.
The crust is nice, not to thin not to thick and the chicken pieces were small chunks, not shredded or bland tasting.
I will be back to try Queen Margherita Pizza.
I will support Rustic Pizza because the staff is awesome and the Scott the owner is priceless.
Happy New Year to all.
- Jodi O

Update: Went back last night and tried the pizza (chicken pesto).
It was phenomenal.
Same incredibly friendly service.
I will be going back regularly (and looking forward to trying the rest of the menu).
I had the turkey slaw sandwich.
Giant portions, absolutely delicious.
Really cool decor inside.
Friendliest staff you could imagine.
Looking forward to trying the pizza.

The food was horrible!
Salad had a sticker on it that said 1/5 I ordered  on 1/9 I'm assuming this means the salad had been sitting around for 4 days- lettuce was brown and old looking.
Pizza was WAY under cooked.
I will not be back.

For the price, it's great pizza!
We just ate here for the first time tonight and had the wings and a pepperoni pizza.
Both were very good.
It's a small location with minimal seating so your better off getting the pizza to go.
We'll definitely be back.

The sauce and cheese have less flavor than the box.
The crust was puffy and lacked a good chewy texture.
It was pillowy, which is bad crust in my book.
At least it's priced fairly, the staff is pleasant and it has a good location for the neighborhood.
They also sell pieces by the slice.
Nevertheless, I won't be going back.

We had delivery for the first time last night.
We used their coupon for the giant pizza (great coupons guys- seriously!).
4.5 stars for their baked wings (YUM) crispy and falling off the bone and with out the guilt of being fried.
3 stars for the pizza.
We started with just a basic pepperoni  and were a little disappointed.
The crust was the best part of the pizza.
The sauce lacked flavor and frankly so did the cheese and pepperoni.
I know this place is new and there are always kinks.
I think because of how good the the wings were and how good the salads looked, we will try this place again in a few weeks/months to see if they can get everything to where it should be.
I want to try their specialty pizza as well but in my mind if you can't get a pepperoni pizza correct, then you have a little work to do.

Wanted to give this place a try after seeing it served New York style pizza.
Pizza by the slice option allowed us to t et you pizza and split a sandwich.
This ended up to be a great way to try different items.
We got a slice of pepperoni pizza which were pretty good size slices similar to the size of a costco size slice and then ordered the Italian Bird.
The bread on the sandwich was exceptional with a good mixture of spices, meats and seasoning.
The sandwich was definitely the high point of the meal.
You have to fold the slice like a true new yorker when eating the slice of pizza.
The place is located in the shopping plaza with the grind with a good portion of parking.
The inside I dc the the restaurant is small bur nice and quaint.
Liked the chalk board that listed the menu, was impressed by that.
Will come back to try other items and also go to their North Scottsdale location which is closer to home.

Had the 14 in Big Berlescori.
It was very good.
I love it.
It is pepperoni , sausage and Italian salami.
Not sure why other reviews said their wasn't much flavor.
It was seriously some of the best pizza I've had.
Maybe they made changes to their pizza but right now it is spot on.
I also really like the decor here.
I'm from the country so the very rustic old barn wood they use to decorate looks really cool.
Wish I could have a cabin or house like this.
Very cool on the inside for being in a strip mall.

Charging a "delivery fee" loses you a star.
Fortunately, we live right around the corner, so I called an order in for pickup.
A 14" regular-sized pepperoni pizza, BMT sandwich, and seven wings for a dollar each.
The pizza was so-so.
It was baked perfectly, a New York style crust, sauce and cheese.
The pepperoni pretty much just made colored disks in the cheese, it was sliced so thin you could see through it and the flavor was indiscernible from the other ingredients.
Fortunately, I had some Boar's Head Pepperoni at home, so I added some real meat and warmed it - that definitely improved it.
The wings are advertised as baked "crispy", I must have got different wings, they were not at all crispy, although they were good sized and not too fatty.
I ordered them "Sweet Baby Buffalo Style", which the guy on the phone made sure to explain to me that they were served Buffalo style (?).
Not sure what he was getting at, but I'm thinking he got it wrong.
They came with a side of mild hot sauce.
There was supposed to be Blue Cheese dressing, but that did not arrive, nor was there any celery or carrot, which for a dollar each, one would think that wouldn't be too much trouble to add.
They were just okay.
Frankly, I would rather go a half mile south to LGO and get their wings.
Far better.
The highlight of the meal was the BMT sandwich.
Essentially a Caprese salad stuffed into a French roll and warmed up.
The wife raved about this sandwich and said that alone would bring her back.
Me, I'm not so sure.
Honestly, the whole delivery fee thing is a big turnoff for me.
Especially when they make sure to tell you that the driver gets none of this - which could potentially add another ten dollars to your meal if you have it delivered.
Sorry, Giant Rustic Pizza, but you just did not do anything to inspire me.

The great thing about the Phoenix pizza scene is that we are big enough to have pizza options for almost every occasion.
Where does Giant Rustic Pizza fit?
It is the ideal spot for some cheap NY style lunch slices or to take the kids for dinner on a weeknight.
It's not Pomo or even Spinatos but you will be hard pressed to find a better pizza lunch deal for under $6.

I'm pretty happy with Giant Rustic Pizza.
There aren't too many NY style pizza joints in the Arcadia area, at least not too many good ones in my opinion.
I usually will travel to N. Scottsdale to Ray's if I'm craving pizza like home.
That being said I thought Giant Rustic Pizza was pretty good, not quite the same as NY but good enough for me to return.
My husband and I wanted a cheat meal and both checked out the menu.
I wanted to try the Red White & Green which is a white pizza and my husband really wanted a more traditional style with sauce.
I asked if they could do half & half and they said "yes.
" We both got what we wanted, which is awesome.
We also ordered the Italian salad which was somewhat like an antipasto with lettuce, the portion size was very generous.
Both types of pizza were very flavorful, the white pizza had some nice ricotta on it and the red pizza had great sauce.
I can't comment too much on the ambiance as we got our order to-go, but the staff was very nice and our order was fast.
I will definitely return!

I've been three times now.
Great pizza with great pricing.
We had the Thursday night special.
Any 14" specialty pizza and large rustic salad.
The Malibu bbq pizza was fantastic.
Not too sweet and just the right amount of toppings.
The Italian Kitchen salad was full of meat and cheese, great olive tapenade with artichoke hearts and roasted peppers.
All this food for $20.
This will be our Thursday night standard!

Had the chicken caprese sandwich.
Amazing!
The bread, mozzarella, tomatoes, and chicken were very fresh.

The delivery guy was probably the nicest delivery guy I've ever met.
The pizza was amazing!

Really good food.
Wings, a sandwich, and a pizza were ordered for delivery,  it took over an hour, which is the reason the 5th star is missing.
Had I been told, I would have picked it up.

Very good, thinner pizza but puffy crust, neat place to eat in at as well....every time I have gone it's tasted great!

Okay, second try confirms my first impressions.
This time I did get delivery, same order.
This time the pizza and the sandwich were burnt and the wings were just as before.
A side of weird sweet hot sauce, and a side of industrial-tasting chipotle Ranch dressing both went into the trash after one taste.
The wings are actually better with no sauce at all.
The fact that they delivered a burnt pizza means there will not be a third try.
Anybody that can send out burnt food for delivery does not deserve to be cooking.

I don't know why there are negative reviews.
The crust is almost as good as Pino's, ingredients are fresh and the service is fine.
And they make a 20" pie, forget about it.

We ordered from here again to give it another try.
It was better, but still not great.
There was more flavor in everything this time around but it still lacked.
The next day, we heated it up and it was still only ok.
If I could give half stars, they would get a half star upgrade.
I have been to another location and the pizza is amazing so I know the potential this place has!
Come on Arcadia location, make it happen!!!

We decided to go for Giant Rustic Pizza shortly after it came to the Arcadia neighborhood on a night when cooking just wasn't going to happen.
We found a deal for a three topping pizza and called our order in to pick up.
The person who took our order was knowledgable and helpful.
We also ordered the spinach artichoke dip on her suggestion.
The spinach artichoke dip was nice, creamy and garlic-y and was served with thin slices of toasted French bread.
Loved it.
Pick up was a breeze and we enjoyed our still-hot pizza when we got home.
I don't know if anyone else feels this way, but I feel like tarragon and oregano MAKE a pizza.
Let me tell you, they were on point with their herbs, y'all.
Good crust, just enough sauce.
The toppings are pretty standard pepperoni and sausage (the sausage is sliced instead of crumbled) but still good.
I'm not sure id put it above all others, but it's pretty good!

This is a solid choice for good pizza.
It's not gourmet but is certainly leaps and bounds above a Domino's or Pizza Hut.
They are consistent in both the quality of food and delivery time.
We are now loyal customers to this little strip mall gem!
Hint: We like to ask for a little extra cook time on the crust.
It makes a big difference!

Great pizza place for lunch or dinner.
We had a group of five (with three boys) and felt pretty satisfied with a giant pizza for $20.
Next time we'll probably add wings though.
We did half and half margarita and BBQ chicken.
The margarita was good but the BBQ chicken was my favorite, it had great flavor with a hint of sweetness.
The crust was tasty and one of the better ones that I have had.
Service was great -- they were attentive and friendly.
All in all a solid pizza place and one that we will probably frequent often for lunch!

Was yelping in the area and decided to come check this local business out.
The staff was very nice!
Greeted as soon as we came in.
I ordered a custom 14 inch pizza and crispy oven wings.
With ranch dressing.
It took about 10 minutes which felt like forever because the pizza looked so good In the pictures on yelp and well I was starving.
The pizza was crisp, thin and amazing!
The wings were boring.
Need a sauce to put on them!
Something hot!
I'll be back.

The pizza is really good.
The slices are huge.
The house salad is super amazing.
The creamy Italian dressing is yummy.
The customer service is fabulous.
They are so friendly and energetic!
I will definitely be back for another salad and pizza.
The interior is very woodsy and cool looking.
I recommend this place if u live in the area and even if you don't since it is awesome!!

We have eaten pizza from Giant Rustic on 6 occasions.
We love the Red, White and Green sub Sun-Dried Tomatoes.
That being said, tonight's experience warrants a 1 star rating.
We were first turned-on to Giant Rustic by friends.
We loved it enough to order it the next week at our own home.
Everything was great.
The next time we tried them, we waited forever for our pizza when we picked it up in the store.
They gave us free dessert for our troubles.
The owner (?
) was very apologetic.
Nice save.
The next time we ordered was for delivery.
They went to the wrong house.
We had ordered for friends who were  in from out of town and had rented a vacation home.
Though we specified the different address, they went to our home (we suspect) and not to the rental where our friends were staying.
The food was delayed.
You can see by the above experiences, though the product is good, the service at Giant Rustic has not been consistent.
Then we discuss tonight's debacle.
We called to order for delivery.
We specified delivery and we specified the address.
The person at the other end of the phone told us our pizza would be 45 minutes.
At an hour and six minutes after we placed our order, we called Giant Rustic.
We spoke to the person who had TAKEN OUR ORDER and she told us that our food had been marked for pick-up and had been waiting for us.
We asked them to re-make the food so that it would be fresh and told them that we would come up to get the order.
We asked how much time would be needed for the new pizza to be ready.
The woman who took our order, Suzanne, clarified our order (again) and said it would be 15 minutes.
The location of the store is 40th and Camelback.
We live at 36th st, just south of Thomas.
I left three minutes after my phone call and drove to Giant Rustic.
Oddly enough, our pizza was ready.
There is no way it took me 12 minutes to get there.
Yet, here they were presenting boxes of pizza to me.
There were also no pizzas in the oven baking.
Hmm...I asked if these pizzas were the re-makes and I was assured that yes, they were.
Upon inspection of "our" order, I pointed out that the Red, White and Green was supposed to have sun-dried Tomatoes.
At this point, the customer service lady looked at the ticket and said, "Well, they didn't even take the order right.
Oh wait, this isn't even your order.
"So, two boxes get whisked away and another two are placed in front of me.
Again, NOTHING came from the oven.
The two pizzas that were presented were indeed correct.
I asked the second customer service person, "Are these the re-makes?
" He assures me that, yes.
They are.
The bottom of the pizza boxes were warm, not hot.
But what can I do?
Two people have told me these are my pizzas, re-made.
I am charged full price for my pizzas, not offered an apology (I did get one on the phone prior to the other shake-up), and sent on my way.
Once I got home, I bit into luke-warm pizza with a chewy crust.
This pizza was purchased so that my in-laws, who are recent Arizona transplants, could try the deliciousness that is Giant Rustic Pizza.
EPIC, EPIC fail.
I am so disappointed.
Bad listening, incompetence and lies.
All in one encounter tonight at Giant Rustic Pizza.
I think we are on a break with this establishment for awhile.
I hope this place figures out where the break in the chain is.
The food is great.
Service, not so much.

Thank you Lindsay for suggesting this hidden gem!
I never looked to my left when entering Fresh & Easy!
and there it was!
Super nice staff - excellent food!
RMacy

