Very knowledgeable vape shop.
I just got into town from arizona but left all my vape kit at home and was looking for a shop that was opened near by.
I came in for some rebuildable accessories (wicks and wire) and they showed me how to rebuild.
They showed me step by step and I was vaping on the way out.
Will be coming here again when im in town.

My wife and I are new to the E Cigarette/Vaporizer World.
We were totally impressed with the customer service and thorough explanations of their products that we received while at Galaxy Vapes.
It was New Years Eve and EVERY Employee did their part in making us feel comfortable.
I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS STORE AND THEIR PRODUCTS TO EVERYONE!!

Came in cuz it's right down the street from my house and I saw it just opened.
Nice space looks good in there.
There were two young guys working it at the time.
A black guy and a young Asian kid.
The black guy was the owner(sorry i should have probably gotten their names) the Asian guy was a genius with the mech mods.
He set it all up for me I bought I couple juices a vape and a tank.
He hooked it up and showed me how to do it myself too.
I really appreciated the service and will definitely be bringing my business back here.

I went back to galaxy to get another mod for my friend to help him quit smoking.
I wanted to get the k100 in a black but they were out of stock on it.
The employee Jeremy( the same guy that set up my mod the first time) said he had gotten the black one for himself and still had it in original wrapping.
He offered to drive to his house to get it for me.
I told him it wouldn't be necessary I'll just settle for a different color it's no big deal.
He said he didn't want me to settle on something I'm not happy with and actually drove to his house and got me the one I really wanted.
Now that's service.
Never in my life have I felt like a business cared about the satisfaction of their customers to this extent.
I will only deal with them from here on out!

Very cool Vape shop.
I went there the other day just to check it out and see what's up, they're very knowledgeable there and answered all my questions.
From Mechanical mods, to an ego battery,  and even the juices that they've enjoyed.
This shop is a must go to.
They'll help you with your every Vape need!

Very clean & organized new vape shop.
I love this place because its right down the street from my house.
They have a broad selection of juices to choose from & they are also always running deals that I've seen on facebook & instagram.
My first visit I got me the k-100 vape for the cheapest price in town that I've seen!
I'll definitely be visiting this place more.
I bought the heavens nectar for $10 and i'm planning to get the pink starburst juice next!
Yummm!

Went by galaxy vapes today because they posted a juice sale on my Instagram for 3 for 20.00 juices all day so I picked up strawberry waffle, creamilla deville, and toxic fruits.
Then I notice the mflux tip an lotus tip were only 8 bucks so I got them both.
They even remembered that I bought my k-100 3 weeks ago and asked how it was working out for me.
I will definitely be back because I really want the new kts kit or the nemesis not sure yet but for the price I'll take either one.

Galaxy Vapes is a fantastic new vapor store.
Wonderful customer service and their products are amazing.
They are patient with helping out the newbies, and not to mention the store is clean and well organized.
Don't hesitate to stop by!
You won't be disappointed.
:) Thank you for the awesome experience!
Will be back very soon.

Nice shop great customer service ended up hanging out for over an hour just BSing with folks, wish they had a bit more of a selection as far as RBA's/RDA's go basically Kayfun clones were the only game in town.
Mech's and VV's looked to be pretty good as well.
Picked up a couple bottles of juice while I was there.
Will probably be back tonight to grab a kayfun for my Fiance.

I previously lived in vegas and came back for the week..I wanted to check out some new shops in town and I located this one on yelp, so I drove across town because the hours said they were open.
When I arrived at 2pm the sore was closed.
No signs up as to when they'd return.
Very disappointed, thanks for wasting my time and fuel for you not to be here as your business hours state.
There are way too many amazing vape shops in town that are open when they say they are.
I won't be back.

