I was in here last night with a few buddys and was very impressed.
We sat at the bar and had fantastic service, and the place was absolutely jammed.
I can't comment on food yet since I haven't eaten here but they have a great beer selection, I was drinking Orange Blossom beer from Papago brewery, my first time drinking it, and it was excellent.
I can't wait to go back.
That 5th star will depend on the food but everything seemed great, especially since it is new.

I went here and found it to be unremarkable.
Listen, Sports Bars are tough simply because the food is the same.
They really need to stand out and have some signature food (IE burgers, wings, Nachos, A sandwich, etc.
)  I found this place to be slightly better than a regular sports bar, but not that much better.
Just not superb.
You can't go wrong by stopping in and you won't be disappointed - but you won't be WOW'D either.

Love the new place!
Food is some of the best around here.
Mushroom swiss burger - expect real mushrooms and not thinly sliced, great burger.
The wings are tasty.
My daughter loves the steak bites on the kids menu.
Great beer on tap, probably over 40 TV's.

We always go to the williams field location.
So happy the new one is closer to home!
The blacken chicken alfredo is to die for!
Who needs Olive Garden when we have Blue 32.

What are your hours??
I have been here three times and each time the hours have been different.
In no way the same experience as your awesome restaurant on val vista and Williams field.
I cannot rate the food or service because each time I have come with guests you have been closed.
For one reason or another.

We really enjoyed this place the first time we went.
We went last night though and although not horrible, the service was really bad and slow.
Our waiter had his wife and screaming kid sitting in the table next to us.
We never got our waters.
Our appetizer came out in 20 minutes, it was good.
Our entrees were still not out 20 minutes later so we opted to leave because it was getting late.
The icing on the cake was when the waiter told us that we wouldn't be charged for the entrees that never came.
Gee thanks, silly.

Awesome staff, great menu and beer selection.
So excited to have them in the neighborhood!

3 Stars means unremarkable to me.
But my 2 experiences at Blue 32 were so weird that I feel compelled to remark.
Last week we visited and sat outside about an hour before sunset.
As far away from the center of the restaurant as possible it was quite relaxing.
Apparently a couple of smokers thought so too, standing within 3 feet of our table as smoke logically drifted our direction.
Staff noticed but ignored them...weird.
I ordered pulled pork with coleslaw and cowboy beans.
The menu must have said "or" cowboy beans because they weren't on the curiously-sparse plate.
Service was a little slow, but very friendly, and the food was delicious.
We returned a few days later & I noticed the menu actually did say "and" vs. "or".
What happened to my cowboy beans?
That felt...weird.
On that same trip she ordered fish tacos.
The portion was a bit small (2 tacos), but also delicious.
Fish tacos are a favorite no matter where we eat so I wasn't surprised that she ordered them on the return trip.
And she LOVED the fries.
This time there were 3 tacos on the plate...weird.
The second visit was inside, smack in the middle of a vast array of silent TVs on various sport channels, mostly washed up jocks talking statistics that you had to lip read.
At least, thanks to acoustics, the patrons and food service sounds were very loud.
So if you go out with someone that you really don't want to talk to, this is the place for you.
You can sit and watch TV over her shoulder while she watches over yours.
But for me, that was just...weird.
Although we were close to the bar, the drinks were very slow coming.
I ordered the rib & wing sampler this time.
I'll have to order Hot wings next time because the Medium tasted pretty Mild.
The ribs were very dry, and had only the faintest hint of barbecue sauce.
I like mine juicy and saucy.
Uh, excuse me...
I'm talking about baby back ribs here!
I know...
I'm weird.

I love their fish and chips and they have good cocktails.
They are pretty busy on the weekends so I would recommend calling ahead and putting your name on the list.
Katie is a really nice waitress!

Good vibe, good beer selection, happy people!!
TVs galore AND they have Dish Network so you'll never miss a PAC 12 Network game!
Thank God South Gilbert finally has a sports bar.
Big menu too!

We live in Seville, and have been going to the Blue32 up on Val Vista and Williams Field.
We waited anxiously for this to open, and all of the anticipation led to some really high expectations.
I'm happy to report that our expectations have been exceeded twice in a row.
Last time, we were seated at a table with a server named Amanda and we loved her.
The food was great (I had the Alfredo pasta, very flavorful) but my favorite every time is the strawberry daiquiri.
They're made with real strawberries rather than gloppy corn syrup mix, and the taste is miles apart.
We couldn't remember our awesome servers name this trip (sorry Amanda) but we won't forget because we've now immortalized her in this review.
She's thoughtful.
We had been dithering about what to order (flatbread?
Shrimp poboy?
Steak?
) When a massive party arrived, requiring extra tables and chairs to be brought in, she was nice enough let us know so we could get our order in before they were all seated.
We never wanted for a drink or water refill, food was correct and piping hot, and she's just delightful.
Also... Fresh Strawberry daiquiris... Did I mention that..??

Not as good as the original!
Hopefully it will evolve because I love the Williams-field location.

Great food and nice setting.
From the moment we walked in, the service was  not great.
Took almost 10 minutes for a hostess to come address us and find us a seat.
Nobody in front of us and we just stood at the front of a restaurant that wasn't even  at 25% capacity.
Service was marginal at best.
Waitress displayed very little effort with checking on us, refilling drinks, etc.
Not sure if we will be back.

The location on Val Vista & Williams Field was our go to sports bar and restaurant for a while - this location is just as great and slightly closer to home.
TONS of TVs - great spot to watch a game.
The food is the type that you would expect in a sports bar, but the quality is so much higher.
Really love pretty much everything we get here.
Our favorite menu items: Boneless wings hot Spinach and artichoke dip (SOOOOO good!
) Southwestern salad (ask for romaine instead of the iceburg) Country fried chicken Carne asada Salmon Monte carlo sandwich  Now I am hungry and want to go back right this minute!

Good food but be aware that though place closes at 11 they shut the kitchen at 10:20.
Told us we could hurry up and order something and call the other couple meeting us to order for them.

It's sad to review this place and give it 2 stars knowing that it really has potential to be 4+.
The inside of this place is beautiful, very clean, and very open.
I ordered a burger here which was okay(nothing amazing), the fries were extremely greasy---but then again it's a sports bar, so no complaints there.
However, being charged 8.50 for a side greek salad was kind of out of the ordinary.
This place is very pricey for a sports bar, I know it's a nice area...
But sheesh, the costs for medium quality food isn't something I like to attend often.
What really hurt is the service.
My server came by our table a total of two times for the TWO hours I was there.
My party ordered two burgers and a flatbread pizza which took an hour just to get there.
Who knew being the only group in the restaurant would make the chefs go extra slow.
Kind of frustrating.
Nonetheless, this place has potential, they just have to step up their game.
I probably won't come here again for quite a while.

I am a huge fan of Blue 32, especially now, as it is so close to home.
The original location was one that I frequented but this new location will be my primary from now on.
Blue 32 has an extensive menu and my go to food choices include the chicken mushroom flatbread and the Blue 32 steak sandwich.
Food is always good, hot and plentiful.
Staff so far has been very good.
Extensive bar and drink options.
Blue 32 is primarily a sports bar and has lots of TVs to choose from.
Blue 32 is great for food and drinks.
This will be our new neighborhood hang out.

My husband and I ordered TO GO one night to try it out.
We live right down the road from them, so it was nice to be able to get nice food TO GO instead of fast food.
We both ordered the Blue 32 burgers.
Seriously the best burgers we ever had.
Both were cooked how we asked them to.
The quality of ingredients was excellent.
The Blue 32 burger comes with blue cheese.
My husband got the burger as it comes, and I substituted the blue cheese for goat cheese.
They did not skimp on the blue or the goat.
The amount of these nice cheeses they put on top far exceeded our expectations.
We were so happy with our food that we called them as soon as we were done to tell them what a great job they did.

Food is good and the price is good.
Staff is friendly as well.
It is a great place in this neck of the woods.
I am looking forward to going again and again.

Blue 32 in south Gilbert is a great addition to the neighborhood!
This is by far the best place in south gilbert.
The food is great.
We have tried something different every time we've been here.
Everything has been really good.
The service is spot on.
Super nice wait staff.
Not ever much of a wait.
We have even ordered to go and everything has been right and tasted great.
This is a great little tucked away neighborhood bar!
We will be back again and again!
Try the loaded cheese fries they are AM-AZ-ING!

Good food and service.
This may be my new spot to come and watch games so I don't have to drive all the way to northern Chandler or Mesa to find a place that has my game on.

Great food but long waits.
I love their fresh menu with the favorites being: chicken fried chicken,  blackened chicken alfredo, tacos carbone, salmon, rib eye.....  just to name a few.
We often just do takeout and this works great.

Food is great.
The service is great.
I highly recommend this place.
My wife and I like to grab lunch here.
The lunch specials are good.
I had their brownie ice cream dessert once.
It was delicious.
For some reason they've been out of fresh brownies since then.
I'd like for them to bring the dessert back.

Great American cuisine, good variety of choices.
Love all the TVs - perfect sports environment!!
Great for watching games.
Ordered take out several times and they have not gotten order correct a few times but for the most part very good service.
I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone in the area!

We were very excited to have this establishment down in our neck of the woods.
I have visited the Val Vista and Williams field location a few times and have always had fantastic service, this location is certainly no exception.
The staff is fantastic and very attentive,  the food always comes out hot even when they are packed to the gilla.. but my favorite part are katie and sally, if you are lucky enough to be  sat in their sections there is no doubt you will have an enjoyable service.
I do have one complaint- the misters on the patio need a little re engineering.
It appears they have maybe a five minute timer on them and are constantly turning off and on..

Love this place!
We've been going here regularly since they opened and have been impressed every time with both the food and the service.
I've tried something different each visit and have yet to be disappointed.
The beer selection is good and there isn't a bad seat in the house when it comes to catching a game on TV.
It's great to have this place so close to home.
We used to go to the Native since it was close, but it always sucked.
I wouldn't be surprised if Blue 32 put them out of business.

First time eating at this location.
Actually was able to get as slow time on a Saturday.
Table had sliders and buff chicken sandwich.
Both were really good.
The service was iffy at best especially considering how slow it was.
Wait staff would disappear to the bar area for extended periods of time.
When it is slow I'd expect the staff to be on the top of their game.
Your beverage glass should never go empty for an extended period of time

Great food!
Great atmosphere!
Very clean!
Everyone should stop in.
I highly recommend this place!
We had the spinach artichoke dip for an appetizer (Best).
Shared the Chicken Avocado club (Fantastic).
And the kids had steak bites and grilled cheese sandwich.
Both kids had a side of strawberries (a large bowl in you).
Evenly price and definitely filling.
TV ' S everywhere and an extremely clean restroom!
MUST visit!

Love the environment, plenty to see and still comfortable to converse with friends at the table.
The food is tasty, from crisp salads to variety of entrees.
Seems like everyone is always enjoying themselves.

Great food, excellent service and perfect atmosphere.
If your really hungry, Try the lineman burger.
Reasonable prices for great pub style treats.

