Errands will be the death of me.
I have a tendency of forgetting to eat when I have too much to do.
This was the case by the time I had to go grocery shopping before a weekend trip to Brian Head.
Once I got to Greenland, I was ready to devour everything within my sight.
Soondubu is one of my favorite dishes and Hot Tofu is a nice option for a quick bite.
The portions are large and the flavor is one of the better ones I have had in Vegas.
For less than $10; you get a boiling cauldron of soup with an egg, a small fried fish, rice, and three side dishes.
The mushroom soft tofu is my go to dish.
I kept digging into the bowl and came out with morsels of earthy goodness.
Before I knew it, I was done and felt extremely satisfied.
The woman working the counter is so sweet.
She came by the cafeteria a few times during my meal to check up on me and see if I needed anything.
For not being part of a restaurant, it was better service than I have received in other Asian places.

The soondubu (soft tofu/ soon tofu soup) was bland and lacking a lot.
I wanted to order the tofu and beef soup but also add in mushrooms - the lady had a very difficult time understanding this request.
After 5 minutes of explaining to her, she ended up saying "yes, the beef one has mushrooms.
" I asked her to make mine spicy, she had a hard time understanding that as well.
After another 5 minutes of trying to explain the spice level I prefer my soup, she said, "get medium spicy, it's spicy.
" I gave up, I just said OK to get on with it.
There is a major break in communication here.
Don't try to request anything special, just order from the menu and deal with it.
The soondubu came out bubbling with the egg already cracked in it.
I mixed it up, tasted it and it was bland as heck.
There was also no spice!
I immediately took it back and asked if there is any way she could make it spicier, she looked upset and confused.
She took the spoon out and handed it to me, took my soup back to the kitchen, came back out and told me to sit down, and she will bring it to me.
When she brought it back out she told me to taste it.
Shockingly it was spicy, deathly spicy - it was actually inedible now.
They put a insane amount of spice.
I guess I got what I deserved.
I was over taking my food back, so we ate some of it - carefully.
It really was painful and not enjoyable.
To top it all off it was still bland as heck.
They really don't understand the concept of spice levels here, so don't even try to request anything spicy.
Just go with the flow and get it "medium" which is actually not spicy.
Oh yeah, and not to mention the 3 banchan sides were all so bad - really bland and a disgrace to flavorful Korean food.
I was so sad the kimchi was terrible.
We also ordered the seafood scallion pancake which was about $13 - a pretty steep price.
The reason why I'm giving them the 3 stars, is for the seafood scallion pancake.
The pancake took longer to come out - about 10 minutes, but it was well worth the wait!
It comes out sizzling on a stone plate.
It's a nice size so I didn't feel too horrible spending $13 for it.
There were good chunks of squid, octopus, and lots of scallion giving it great flavor.
The stone plate kept the pancake sizzling at the table and gave the pancake a nice crispy texture, it also kept it scalding hot!
We loved it!
The dipping sauce was basic - just soy sauce, sesame seeds and scallion, but it was good with the crispy pancake.
I would come back and just order the pancake next time.

We love this place!!!
I agree that some of the soup bases aren't very flavorful, but the Seafood one is and is the best in my opinion.
And be careful when asking for extra extra spicy.
Mine was so hot that I was sweating with every bite, but it was worth it.
Now I just ask for "extra spicy" not extra, extra.
Their bulgogi plate and spicy pork plate is delicious and well as their kimchi and other banchan.
We really look forward to coming here on the weekends.

