I've always worked out but have always had that annoying flab in my mid section that exercise and diet won't touch...
I've now had 3 sessions on my abdomen and can honestly say I see a change happening :)) the laser treatments really are "redefining" my waist line; I will continue with diet and exercise, this isn't a quick one time fix, but with a few more treatments, along with my healthy regimen, I expect to become a fit and fabulous, 52yr old ;)  My waxing experience was also the best ever, no redness or breakouts and totally ready for that bikini shot!

I had a great experience with this laser treatment.
Very nice facility and kind staff, clean and professional.
I did one treatment on thighs and saw immediate results in terms of improved skin tone, less dimpling and an overall smoother look and feel.
I also had a friend treat the dreaded "back fat" several times and she had a decrease of a couple inches with 4 treatments done over 2-3 weeks.
And the measurements showed the results have lasted, and inches have not come back.
Highly recommend.

Best and most personal wax experience!
The estheticians are quick, efficient and make you feel completely welcomed!
I will never go any where else for my waxing (especially brazilian)!
The regrowth took over 4 weeks and it was almost painless!
They use a hard wax, sort of like the big franchise that claims they have the best wax but WAY BETTER!
I had ZERO INGROWN HAIR!
They sell an awesome ingrown hair product that is inexpensive and actually works!
They aren't your typical "gilbert spa", the atmosphere is so friendly and they truly take care of me.
LOVE that they are locally owned and operated!
I'm keeping my money in my community :)

This place is a HIDDEN GEM!
Seriously everyone here is amazing at what the good.
Great prices on the services, and they do an amazing job.
The staff is friendly and caring!
Always a great conversation!
A must visit place.
I go no where else.
Also buy an AZ get local card and always get 5% services!

