The owners of this motel are the nicest couple I've ever come across in my life.
I had the pleasure of staying at their establishment for a little while.
They are very understanding and I wouldn't hesitate to book a stay here again.

I could not be happier with my stay here.
I needed a place to stay that was close to the Crescent Crown Distribution center, and American Executive Inn was a good option.
I was a little wary due to the low prices (seemed too good to be true), but I couldn't beat the location.
Since I only needed the room for two nights I gave it a shot.
The stay was perfect.
No, it's not the most luxurious room but it did it's job perfectly.
Comfortable bed, quiet at night, hot water in the shower, a small kitchen with a fridge, oven AND microwave (what??
), free WiFi, everything was clean...for the price you literally can't beat this place.
To make it even better, the man who checked us in/out remember why we were there and asked a couple follow up questions about our stay, days after we arrived.
It was a nice, personal touch and a good reason to support the business.
Not a lot of reviews on here yet, but you can check out tripadvisor for pretty much the exact same opinion.
(the bad reviews seem to be a couple years old, maybe new management?

I swear the other two reviews are generated fake reviews to get people to stay at this shit hole.
If I could give ZERO stars, I would in a heartbeat.
The owners were complete assholes my entire stay.
I had purchased my room through Priceline, it was a 2 star motel so I had my doubts, but have it a go anyways.
Biggest mistake of my life.
First of all, they completely ripped me off.
I had to pay one price through Priceline, and when I got there, they charged me extra for no reason.
When I tried talking to them about what had happened, the owner basically threw up the middle finger.
On top of treating me like shit, the room was crap.
The bathtub was broken, food in the microwave from the last people who had stayed there.
I'm pretty sure the sheets were still dirty and there were flies everywhere.
AND TO MAKE THINGS BETTER, They started construction next door to my room  at 6am, and didn't even apologize for it.
They said "we're not doing ANYTHING for you!
"   So screw this place, we're never coming back to it again and I hope it shuts down in the near future.

