Had the bbq pork and hot pastrami po-boy sandwich...
It was soooo good!!!
Seasoned potato chips came with it and you get to choose a side.
I had the fried okra and mac n cheese bites... yum...
They gave us some really good bread pudding... OMG... the sauce and the bread pudding was perfect not too soft or hard.
This place has recently opened.
There is plentiful seating inside and its mardi gras themed with new orleans music playing.
The waitress is very courteous and the chef was great!!!
Thank you for a great first time experience...
I will definitely recommend this joint!!!
I will be coming back for beignets!!

Went here last night and got oysters, fried okra, fries, and onion rings.
I cannot complain.
The portions were great and tasty!!!
I will definitely be back for more.
I cannot wait to try the crawfish boudin and soft shell crab.

Amazing Food!!
Excellent service!
The owners are warm and welcoming..
Try the Raging Cajun it's awesome!!
Desserts are to die for!!
Highly recommended for a casual lunch or breakfast as they are open early!

Laissez les bons temps rouler!
To the non-native New Orleans peeps, "Let the good times roll!
"  That is exactly what Streetcar Po'boys is doing with their new restaurant here in Vegas.
I actually grew up in New Orleans, the West Bank if you are interested, so I consider myself an expert in NOLA food.
I remember eating po'boys at least once a week when we lived there because they are just what everyone eats.
Why, because NOLA po'boys are AWESOME!
So when I heard about Streetcar Po'boys I had to get down there and check it out ASAP.
I found some great things happening as well.
Here's whats up:  This little hole in the wall joint is totally legit when it comes to New Orleans style po'boys.
They have all of the NOLA po'boy norms like shrimp, catfish, oyster, muffaletta, and boudin options on the menu for those who want an authentic NOLA meal.
They also have non-NOLA options like grilled cheese, BBQ pork, chicken parm, and tuna salad, just to name a few.
This is great because no matter who you are with, the will definitely find something they will like to try.
The ingredients are super fresh and many are flown in from Louisiana.
The french bread is from Leidenheimer Baking Company in New Orleans, which is THE bread that made po'boys famous.
It is delicious french bread that has a fantastically flaky crust and fluffy soft insides.
The boudin sausage is from Lafayette, LA, which is right in the middle of Cajun Country and where the best boudin is made.
The shrimp they use are the wonderfully gorgeous Gulf shrimp.
Yum!
The sandwiches all come "dressed" unless otherwise stated.
This is straight out of NOLA and how you order sandwiches everywhere you go.
Dressed means to have lettuce, tomatoes, and mayo on your sandwich.
Very nice touch to thrown in that saying.
They also have tasty sides to go with your sandwich.
Each po'boy comes with Cajun Chips, which are house made potato chips with a yummy Cajun seasoning coating them.
They are really quite good, if I say so myself.
You also get to pick an additional side like french fries, hush puppies, mac n' cheese, beer battered onion rings, to name a few.
Oh, the desserts!
Again, Streetcar is doing it right with their dessert menu.
They have all of the NOLA favorites I loved growing up as a kid like bananas foster, bread pudding, cheesecake, and KING CAKE.
I think this is the only place in Vegas I have ever seen King cake on the menu.
And drumroll please......They make Beignets in house!
Fresh Beignets any time of day is a dream come true right there!
Drool.....
This is a family run place as well.
Gwen, the owner, is almost always there.
She is a true delight!
She came up to us before we were even seated.
As soon as she opened her mouth, we all knew that accent!
She's from NOLA and proud of it!
She is a lovely Southern belle that knows her po'boys!
She was so friendly and went out of her way to make us feel welcome.
We talked to her on and off the entire meal and just had a blast.
She deserves a star all unto herself!
The only "Eh" issue I had was the sweet tea cups.
They use really small cups for their tea.
2 sips and your cup was empty.
Bigger tea cups would be great improvement.
Other than that, this place ROCKS MY SOCKS OFF!
I was so happy after my first visit.
I can't wait to go back and try a dozen more po'boys!
Really, if you like po'boys or just want to try something new, get down to Streetcar Po'boys because your belly will love you for it!

Years ago I went to New Orleans for Mardi Gras and while there fell in love with Louisiana cuisine.
Po' boys, beignets, cafe au lait, gumbo, jambalaya and the many other dishes that originatedin the region.
Having said that I visited  Streetcar Po' Boys today and was very pleased.
From the moment we entered we were immediately greeted by the hostess (D'nis but pronounced Denise) and sat in our booth.
We quickly made our selection starting with a nice cup of cafe au lait and some beignets.
Both were very good and it reminded me of the ones I had at Cafe Du Mond in the French Quarter in downtown Orleans.
My friend ordered the shrimp po boy and I had the catfish.
According to the kitchen staff everything they make is made in house and the bread is ordered directly from New Orleans.
And you definitely could taste it.
My Catfish filet was very tasty.
The breading was the right amount of crispy and flaky.
On top of that they offered us a very tasty banana bread muffin - on the house for dessert.
Can't go wrong with that!
I'll definitely be back.

I've had this place bookmarked for a few weeks now, so when my friend suggested we go eat this was my first choice.
Normally my choices are, from what he says, not good; but Streetcar Po' Boys was a great one!
If you are coming from the Westside,  Summerlin,  Spring Valley, or any location West of the 15 my suggestion would be to take any side street, Rainbow, Decatur, Jones, Durango, or what have you and go straight down Oakey.
GPS is lame and takes you all these crazy routes.
Basically,  its next to Little Darlings off Western and Oakey right under the 15.
Upon entering we were greeted by the hostess and D'nis let us choose where we wanted to sit.
We chose a spot next to the kitchen and it was a great choice because we got to speak to the cook and workers throughout our visit.
We checked out the menu and being that I'm a lame and don't eat any seafood besides shrimp I opted for The Big Easy (9.25$) my friend was going with the same alas their shipment of goodies was delayed so I got the last remaining shrimp, yay me, sorry breh!
He is more adventurous and got The Gulf (8.95$) fully dressed.
With your Po' Boy you get cajun chips, and coleslaw.
You can opt to add sides which start at 1.99 $ more.
He also ordered a Cafe Au Late which I had a sip of and it was sweet and delicious!
Whilst waiting for our food we chatted with the cook, who was extremely informative and super nice!
He told us how all of their seafood and bread is flown in from Louisiana, and that granny wouldn't have it any other way, awesome!
We ordered beignets (3 for 3.50 $) and they were brought out to us hot and fresh!
They were delectable,  but beware of that pesky powdered sugar!
These are definitely a great accompaniment to the cafe!
Our Po' boys were brought out and we were super impressed.
I ordered mine sans tomatoes, and it was perfect!
The shrimp was not overcooked or overly/underly breaded and the mayo they use is a great compliment to the bread and all the fixins.
The catfish used in my friends sandwich is different from their normal strips, granny opted for large filets which were flaky and delicious my friend said.
The cajun chips are also delicious with a zing added with those yummy Creole spices!
Coleslaw was also yummy, not too acidic like some other places.
During our grubfest the cook came out to assure we were satisfied and also offered us samples of either fried or grilled alligator.
I didn't wimp out and actually tried a piece of the fried, which was not bad.
A sweet little cooks helper came out and offered us some banana bread muffins she was experimenting with and wanted our honest opinions on them, they were sensational but I suggested possibly adding walnuts to half the batch as D'nis is not kosher with them dudes.
All in all this was an excellent choice on my behalf, haha.
The food is tasty and customer service is just amazing!
The food is reason to go back, but customer service is what's going to get you to stay and be regulars.
We will definitely be back!
I only see this place relishing, support your local businesses!
As an added note, they are no longer open for breakfast!
Hours are from 11am til close.
Yay!

Streetcar Po' Boys is located in a small center on the corner of Western & Oakey.
This is a family owned joint with no shortage of friendly and helpful staff.
They've got the placed decorated like it's 24/7 mardi gras too!
Purple walls, red booths and beads hanging from the lights...it's great!
When it comes to the po' boys, you got tons to choose from.
There's a few seafood options including one that comes packed with shrimp, oysters & catfish...they call it the Streetcar.
And if you or your foodie partner in crime aren't into seafood, no biggie!
They have a huge selection of po' boys with all kinds of stuff from hamburger to chicken parm.
All the po' boys come with a side of Cajun chips and coleslaw.
They've also got a few other sides you can order as add-ons.
I ordered The Gulf (catfish) and my wife had the Treme (BLT).
First off, the bread is just so dang good!
It's the perfect balance of a crisp, flaky exterior and a super soft interior.
While the BLT was slightly lacking due to the amount of bacon, it had great flavor and could easily be a hit po' boy if they would pack it with meat.
My catfish on the other hand was just right.
The catfish filet was a great size, it had a light, flavorful crust and was nice and flaky on the inside.
I had mine dressed which includes fresh lettuce, tomato, pickles and a killer cajun mayo.
We also ordered up some fried okra and fried mac 'n cheese.
The sides and the chips included with the po' boy are seasoned with their very own cajun blend and it Is ahh-mazing!
It's full of great flavor and the perfect amount of heat without being overpowering.
When I heard about this place, I couldn't get here fast enough!
I found it on the new section of Yelp and came in the very next day.
I've been looking for a good po' boy ever since my favorite spot, Seafood Station, closed a while back.
With Streetcar, I've found it!
With their amazing food at great prices and awesome service to top it off, I can't even wait to go back!

I'm in!
Recently got tipped off to this place and decided to go and get some take-out for lunch.
Before coming in, I thought it was a food truck (note: "streetcar") but it's actually a location in a building that offers dine-in service.
Located in an uneventful parking lot, it definitely didn't do much to stand out.
However, once I walked inside, I was warmly greeted and helped right away.
Decided to opt for the RIVERBOAT, which is like a chicken parmesan-like po-boy, and had decided to have it "dressed" with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and other garnishes.
Opted for the regular size lunch and it ran me a little over $11 and it came with a MONSTER po-boy, fried chips, and a side of 'slaw.
It took me 2 days to finish!!
Seriously, that's how much food I got.
I mean, I could have probably smashed it all in one day but I would be tapped out and fighting off nap time if I was to even try.
The 'slaw was a little plain I must admit, but everything else was grubbin'.
Good service, good food, great sized portion for a big guy like me.
They say this is New Orleans style food and although I've never been, I could hang with that.
Will be back for the shrimp and oyster po-boy on the next go!

Awesome.
The only time I have had a Muffelata outside of New Orleans this good.
The chicken parm was awesome also.
My wife ordered the oyster po'boy, ave she loved it.
The kitchen is exposed, there were no TV's and there was some amazing brass band jazz playing.
I can not wait to come back.
They make King cakes, so we are going to get a big a group and order one a day in advance.
Loved it.

Michael U. had the idea that after our Doughnut Crawl Part - II, we'd go to this new Po-Boy sandwich shop near downtown Las Vegas.
A caravan of five or six cars went form the northwest to Streetcar.
The owner helped move two extra tables to a booth and we had enough room for the 15 or so of us who descended on the place.
Four of us decided to get one sandwich each and split the sandwiches into quarters so that we could each try a little bit of several sandwiches.
It was a super idea.
We ordered a Streetcar which has shrimp, oysters, and catfish.
Sandwich two was the Bourbon Street--roast beef with gravy.
The third sandwich was the Crescent City, a muffuletta.
The fourth was a Marie Laveau which is boudin sausage.
We also had a Pirogue, a crawfish boudin because an error was made and they brought the wrong sandwich, but left it with us to enjoy while they made the correct one.
Most of the sandwiches came with chips and a small side of cole slaw.
With our sandwiches, we ordered three sides--deep fried macaroni and cheese, hush puppies, and corn fritters.
Everything was simply great!!
The bread is from the Leidenheimer Baking Company in New Orleans and is flown here for Streetcar.
The fillings in the sandwiches were excellent.
My favorite was Marie Laveua, the boudin sausage Po-boy.
The deep freind mac and cheese was excellent as were the corn fritters.
For dessert, they brought us some praline King Cake they were trying out.
It was very flavorful.
Michael U. had pre-ordered a King Cake and they were waiting for us to come before they dressed the cake so the icing and other things on top were fresh.
I have not yet tried my King Cake because I'm still in a food coma.
Service was very, very good.
Gwen, the owner, was a wonderful, welcoming person who made us feel at home at her piece of NOLA in Las Vegas.
Our main server D'nis was very good and a friendly person.
Gwen gave the three young ones in the group a small stuffed animal.
That was very kind of her.
In the piece of praline King Cake I got was the baby that's baked into the cake.
That means I have to buy the next King Cake or host the next Mardi Gras gathering.
OK, Mel C., Terri R., and Michael U., put this on your calendar for next year.
We return, get four sandwiches and some sides again, and I'm buying.
I can't wait to come back here for the alligator Po-boy.
It's been awhile since I had alligator!

Whether a result of my Midwestern upbringing or my career choice I've always been a bit of a perfectionist and someone who craves authenticity, thus when I heard about a new New Orleans themed Po-Boy shop so dedicated to their craft that breads and proteins were being imported from NOLA I could not wait to go...all I needed was a group, something thankfully facilitated by a cronut-tasting with several like-minded diners earlier that day.
A surprisingly expansive space with festive décor replete with shiny red vinyl booths and a truly splendid paisley carpet it was just prior to 11:30am that our large group arrived but having contacted the restaurant in advance the small team couldn't have been more accommodating, tables rearranged and service perfect throughout our 90 minute stay.
Focused on diversity with an eye towards capacity and thus ordering in groups it was a total of five sandwiches, seven sides, and four desserts that I personally experienced and although I cannot pretend to be a Po-boy 'expert' every single item I tasted was a delight.
Beginning first with all thing fried it was snappy pickles, creamy macaroni, sweet corn, okra, and softly spiced hushpuppies that first landed on our table and with low prices and big flavors there was more than enough to share...or even to make a meal in itself alongside the ample portions of slaw and house-made chips accompanying the sandwiches.
Moving next to the Po-boys, it was with the eponymous "Streetcar" that we started and with surprisingly plump shrimp and oysters full of brine the trend of superlative ingredients spanned right through two soft, spicy takes on boudin plus excellent 'debris-style' roast beef all served "dressed without mayo" on crunchy, lightly yeasted French bread on par or better than any I've found in Las Vegas to date.
Equally impressed by a thickly stacked muffaletta served on its traditional roll with house-made olive spread a bit less briny than I recall down south it was here that we moved from savory to desserts and with many already feeling plenty sweet from the pre-meal cronuts it can only be said that a surprise praline-style King Cake in addition to the fresh made cream cheese standard that we ordered in advance was a gluttonous gift, both cakes every bit as good as I recall from Haydel's and the freshness paying dividends as bright yeasty notes tempered the slowly melting glaze.
Never one to skimp on experience, especially as the owner stopped by to talk shop and express her thanks for our visit, it was with beignets and bread pudding that the afternoon concluded and with the former far less dense and oily than those at Café de Monde, though not quite as rich in flavor, the latter simply stole the show as rich, eggy bread melded with boozy caramel and raisins in a simple coffee cup served still-bubbling hot...homey, authentic, and in my opinion "perfect.

Alligator, anyone?
I didn't think I'd ever try it, either, but that's what happened when I had lunch here with a large group of friends recently.
A fairly new place, this New Orleans-theme restaurant is full of friendly people, Mardi Gras beads, and jazzy music, just like in NOLA.
We did mostly family-style eating, ordering appetizers, po-boys, and desserts so we could share and get a taste of a lot of stuff.
My most favorite thing?
FRIED MAC N CHEESE:  oh em gee.
That stuff is like crack.
I could have eaten a whole plate.
The corn fritters were a close second.
Thanks to my seatmate Vicky Q. for giving me a taste of her alligator po-boy.
It was like chewy chicken and not bad at all.
I tried three other po-boys:  the crawfish, roast beef, and muffuletta ones, which each have formal names that I don't remember.
I'm actually not a big fan of po-boys in general, but I'd have to say that I enjoyed the roast beef the most of that trio.
The bread is really excellent.
I'd like to try the meatball po-boy the next time just to see what that's like.
We ended the meal with beignets and a special praline king cake that Michael U. had arranged for us to have, plus the traditional cream cheese king cake that we also shared.
Can you say food baby, because that was what I had, especially since we had a breakfast of croissant doughnuts before we even got to Streetcar.
Everyone there is so nice and our large group had a wonderful meal from start to finish.
I'll definitely be back for more of their Southern hospitality and food.
Who dat!

Once you find the place, you'll be happy because the wait staff and sandwiches are good.
Decor is simple as is the menu.
Very good desserts.
Muffuletta is so good.
Will try andouille or boudin sandwich.
Only problem is that the shop is in a rundown mini mall, just east of I15 on Oakey Blvd.

Po' Boys Galore!!!
Short Review: Not just hype, Streetcar Po' Boys is pretty close to what you expect to get in NOLA.
My opinion...I've had some better Po' Boys here than I did in NOLA.
Give them a shot.
The service is excellent and the food is as good as what you expect to find in NOLA itself.
Long Review: Every restaurant visit starts off with service.
The service starts the tone and I have to say, Streetcar started off with great hospitality.
At least 8 employees personally greeted me and once we were all seated, the 5 star service didn't stop.
Great job so far, great job.
But it's all about the food, right?
So here we go...  1)  Fried Mac N Cheese, Hush Puppies, and Corn Fritters:  The hush puppies were good, the corn fritters were great, and the fried mac was awesome.
My only complaint...other Yelpers on our table loved the fried mac too, which meant less for me.
2)  Fried Pickles & Okras:  This was actually Victoria Q's dish and she was willing to share.
Not a huge fan of pickles, but became one after trying their fried version.
As for the okras, sorry but just okay.
3)  Pirogue (Crawfish & Sausage):  This was our first Po'Boy to try.
I admit that this was my first crawfish and sausage Po'Boy.
So, I didn't expect this one to be a mushy one.
Considering that I'm not the biggest fan of crawfish and sausage, I still thought it was pretty good.
4)  The Streetcar (Shrimp, Oysters, and Catfish):  This was my favorite out of all the Po'Boys that I tried during my visit.
Crunchy catfish mixed with shrimp & oyster.
You would think that your taste buds would get confused, but they don't.
I loved how this Po'Boy was seasoned/spiced.
5)  Crescent City (Muffuletta):  5 different meats all inside a great tasting, fresh muffuletta.
This one was a beast to eat and perfect for all you meat-lovers out there.
6)  Marie Laveau (Boudin Sausage):  If you like spiced, pulverized, and mushy sausage, then you'll love this.
7)  Bourbon Street (Roast Beef):  I only got a small taste of this one since I was already stuffed from the other Po' Boys.
This was a little messy and flavorful.
This Po' Boy reminds me of Mother's infamous Debris Po' Boy.
8)  Desserts:  I tried the bread pudding, beignets, and praline King Cake.
I thought that both the King Cake and the bread pudding were phenomenal.
As for their beignets, they look good, but I thought it was too airy and bland.
All Po'Boys have two sizes, a regular and a large.
Like what you'll find in New Orleans, there's a big difference in size, but not in price (about a $2 difference between a regular and a large).
The Streetcar was my favorite, followed by the Crescent City.
However, depending on your taste or mood at the time, you can't go wrong any any of their Po'Boy's.
All were packed with flavor, huge servings, and really inexpensive.
But the highlight in all these Po'Boys had to be the bread itself.
The breads are so fresh, which only made each Po'Boy that much more tastier.
Trust me...Streetcar has to be on your list if you're craving authentic Po'Boys.
PS:  Norm K, I accept your offer for a free meal.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (051/366)

That bread, though.
Every time I think back to my exceptional meal at Streetcar Po-Boys, all I can think about is their amazing bread.
Perfectly crusty and doughy, I would come back for that bread alone.
Luckily, Streetcar has a lot more to offer than just mind-blowing bread.
After hearing the recent rave reviews for this very new restaurant, I could not wait to give them a try.
The decision to drive so far out of my way for lunch was made even easier with Yelp Deal they are currently offering.
The moment we walked in we were greeted warmly by every server in the place.
I was already impressed.
The restaurant is larger than expected and very cute.
Lots of booths with plenty plenty New Orleans flavor gracing the walls and sound system.
Service was extremely attentive and friendly.
My mom and I decided to each get a sandwich and share an order of corn fritters.
I went with The Bourbon Street and my mom ordered the Da Saints.
Our food took a little while coming out since there was a very large takeout order being prepared, but our waitress kept us in the loop so we happily chatted and took in the ambiance while waiting.
The food finally came out and I was floored.
We had both ordered the regular size po-boys and we were sure glad we did.
These sandwiches were enormous and smelled so good.
We dug right in and all the flavors were just perfect.
Perfectly crunchy bread that complemented the very juicy and messy nature of my sandwich.
I'm usually not a fan of food that is that messy to eat with my hands, but it was so tasty I didn't mind.
The corn fritters were delectable as well.
My mom's favorite were the homemade chips, perfectly cooked and seasoned.
Refills were plentiful and we each enjoyed our meals quite a bit.
Try as we might, my mom and I both had an entire half of a sandwich to take home with us for later.
I had been looking forward to trying some of their desserts, but we were just too stuffed.
Next time my plan of action will be to share a sandwich, since portions are so generous.
I will be back, and soon!

I'm going to New Orleans next month and as I drove by their location I instantly made a beeline for it.
I wasn't disappointed.
I had a fried shrimp po'boy.
Soft bread, perfectly cooked shrimp and a tasty sauce are a deadly combination.
Initially, I was going to stop there, until a plate of fresh beignets passed by my table.
I impulsively ordered my own batch.
They are large, fresh and generously sprinkled with powdered sugar.
So, so, SO GOOD!
I even had one with my coffee the next morning.
It was still delicious.
Good service, a friendly atmosphere and delicious food makes me returning a matter of when, not if.

I was reading some threads about Streetcar and wanted to check it out.
We walked in and and the fort thing we noticed was the bright colors of the place and then the smell of deep fried food.
With the kitchen in the middle of the dinning area this was definitely the  culprit.
Not sure if the ventilation wasn't working well but it was pretty bad.
The best part of my visit was the the service from all of the staff.
We had just about every employee checking on us or bringing out our numerous selections of food.
The owner herself stopped at the table and had a minute to speak with us as well.
Definitely 5 stars on customer service!
Started with the Beneits.
The kitchen made extra so the owner brought us an order.
That was a pleasant treat for sure and my favorite part of the meal.
We ordered hush puppies, fried mac n cheese and onion rings as appetizers.
The hush puppies were the best of the trio.
The hush puppies and mac were dusted with some Cajun seasoning.
Both were tasty but just average IMO.
The Steetcar was my Po-boy choice.
I love all the components so it was a no brainer for me.
The bread and the catfish were the hit of this Po-boy.
The oysters and shrimp were just ok, nothing wow about them .
Overall an decent sandwich.

Would have tried this restaurant based on reviews - but with the coupon we were able to try more items!!!
Sweet deal!
The servers & everyone are polite , attentive, friendly & HAPPY!!!!
Their bread has a crunch, the muffuletta feeds two and tasty!
Freshly fried beignets to order - 4 per order!!!!
OMG run, don't walk to try the food!!!
Prices are reasonable.
Wish they had red beans & rice.

Fried alligator?!
FRIED ALLIGATOR?!
I'm feeling adventurous!
I love trying new things that I've never had before!
So I got the Yelp deal: $10 for $20 worth and I went with my boyfriend for lunch.
When we walked in, I was a little surprised that it was a diner style establishment.
I guess I was expecting it to be like one of the modern sandwich places, which is typically a "food court" type of process when ordering food and finding a place to sit.
Aside from that, they had some decorations with some New Orleans flavor.
I've never had a po-boy and aside from Hot n Juicy, I've never really been to a place that specializes in Cajun/Creole.
I know, I'm deprived and limited in my food categories.
But on the flip side, I don't know if this place is traditional or close to what you call traditional.
I can only say if it's good or not!!!
What did we order?
Of course I went with the alligator po-boy.
I believe it was called "The Swamp" and my boyfriend went with the 5 in.
Muffuletta called "Crescent City.
" They both came with cajun chips and coleslaw but we replaced them with the fried mac & cheese balls for the muffuletta order.
Fried Alligator Po-Boy?
I APPROVE.
The alligator meat looks to be deep fried.
The meat is very chewy and it takes a while to chew.
My boyfriend typically eats pretty fast and he rarely chews his food for a long time but with the alligator, he was chewing!!
I also heard a lot of people say it tastes like chicken.
It does in a way but not quite completely chicken.
I know, my description is so helpful!
But their sauce for this po-boy is delicious.
It had enough spices in it to keep it interesting.
As for the muffuletta, I was not too interested in it.
It was good yes but I ate this after my half of the alligator po-boy and in comparison, it was quite bland.
And when I say bland, I mean boring.
The flavors of the muffuletta ran a flat line for me.
It was maybe 10% cheese, 10% salami, and 80% ham.
The flavor of the ham got old and tiring FAST.
Not to mention, half of the sandwich was HUGE.
I could barely finish 1/4th of this.
The cajun chips looked homemade.
It was a little hard.
The coleslaw was good -- a little sweet :) Fried mac & cheese balls were what they were...deep fried regular kraft mac & cheese.
We also tried the beignets.
I was really forward to trying these but I gotta say, I wasn't impressed.
The first time I had these were in Disneyland and from my personal opinion, I prefer Disneyland's version.
The ones served here were too hallow, too huge, and too oily.
The oil that they used to deep fry this was literally dripping off of the plate, dripping onto the plate, and later it kind of pooled.
It was good but nothing I would get again.
The service here was really good.
They were attentive.
The server that we had, I forgot her name, but she was wonderful.
We talked and we laughed.
Awesome.
Would definitely come back here again to try some other stuff.
Only thing i didn't like is that I walked out smelling like oil ... boo.

I decided to try this place because I was visiting Vegas and found them on yelp.
The reviews seemed good so I gave it a try.
Streetcar did not disappoint me!
The shrimp po boy sandwich was so good.
Perfectly cooked and the bread was fresh.
Service was very friendly and efficient.
I will definitely visit again and recommend Streetcar to all my friends.

Really REALLY wanted to love this place as much as fellow Yelpers have, but in the end, I gotta keep it real...  We jumped on this 5-star bandwagon one Friday evening, and eager with excitement, I already had the Beignets and Bread Pudding picked out for dessert.
Owner Gwen came out to greet us, and expressed how very happy she was to bring a taste of the bayou to the desert, and even happier about the Yelp love that SPB has been getting.
Perusing the menu, they have MANY Po-Boys to choose from, and Wifey's favorite is called The Rich Boy from Gritz Cafe so when she saw The Gulf(SBP's version of a Shrimp Po Boy) She ordered that.
I had originally planned on ordering The Swamp(Fried Aligator), but I asked our waitress what were the popular ones, she suggested the Bourbon Street(Roast Beef) so we went with a meat and a seafood option instead.
We both went with regular sized po-boys and thank goodness we did because I think they were sufficient enough for me and Wifey to swap halves with each other.
You could also pay a couple more bucks and get double the portion if you're VERY hungry, or take the other half home, etc.
The bread as everyone else mentions, is delicious and so is my  Bourbon Street po-boy.
Kinda messy, but in a good way.
So I bite into the Gulf, and not only was this piece of shrimp not deveined as it should've been, but it had been in the fryer a tad bit too long, almost borderline rubber, not plump and juicy.
The chips that came with our po-boys were stale instead of crispy, and it didn't end there.
Although I enjoyed the piping  hot Beignets, the barely warm Cafe Au Lait was another letdown, as was the Bread Pudding.
There was little to no custard evident.
It tasted pretty dry, and all I tasted was bread and whatever brown sugar sauce covered it and after a couple of bites, I was done.
Although service was great,  some of our food fell short of  delicious.
Maybe I needed to come in for lunch instead?
Seems like most of the raves came from lunch service, but for now, its just an A-OK from me...ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/   3  YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(54/365) "So-So at Streetcar"

I was excited to have a new niche cuisine come to Vegas as we definitely do not have enough quality southern food, and don't have po boys yet.
They try to keep it legit as the bread and proteins are shipped from Louisiana.
My go to po boy is fried shrimp so I wanted to see how it stacked up to my favorite in LA.
Theirs was pretty good, big shrimp with a nice crunch.
The seasoned chips and coleslaw that come with every sandwich was solid ; good kettle chips and the coleslaw was seasoned just right for my taste.
The BF got andouille sausage and that was just OK.
I'm partial to fried items in my po boys.
The service was very, very friendly.
We were attended to pretty well.
We were greeted at the door by 2 people right away.
Since it wasn't busy in there I appreciated when we were walking in, people were cleaning than just being idle as that means there is pride in the details.
I thought the po boys were well made, and would please anyone having a hankering for one.
The BF never had a po boy and while he said it was good wasn't sure a protein +mayo + lettuce + tomato sandwich was worth the price.
It was $28 for 2 sandwiches and sweet tea.
There is a Yelp Deal currently, so take advantage as that most definitely makes it worth it.

The wife and I went in with high expectations.
Looking to be wowed by an authentic Po-Boy, no such luck.
Service was friendly and attentive.
Sandwich looked good, but very thin on the meat.
At $10 a sandwich I'm looking for a bit of meat in every bite.
Nope.
Ordered the fries with gravy as a side.
Gravy arrived gelatinous, like pouring Jello on my fries.
We were there at noon, they should be ready for the lunch rush.
Beignets were good, but you really can't screw up fried dough with powdered sugar.
Area is a bit sketchy.
I will go anywhere for good food, but if you go after dark you may want to bring a shank.

Mardi gras slaps you in the face as you walk in, beads are everywhere....
The decor isn't the prettiest but it definitely tells you what food they are serving.
After talking to D'Nise, our server, this place is as legit as it gets.
All their ingredients come straight from New Orleans, the bread, the gator, the catfish...all of it!
For all the fried food addicts out there, this is a safe haven.
We ordered the fried mac and cheese and the fried corn fritters for starters, and they also have fried pickles even though it's not on the menu.
Holy grease bomb!
The fried corn fritters are even better than the ones at Rollin Smoke.
They are even creamier balls of fried deliciousness!
The fried mac and cheese was also rich and creamy and perfect with the crunchy batter exterior.
I would say mac and cheese greater than or equal to corn fritters but it was a close call!
I came with every intention of getting the Streetcar (fried oysters, shrimp, and catfish), but they were out of catfish!!
This is why I can't give them five stars....how can you run out of catfish?
But I will give them credit, the catfish just arrived in morning, and they didn't have time to prep it yet.
So at least you know they are getting shipments daily and not serving ingredients that have been sitting around.
So no catfish, I went with a close substitute, the Big Easy (fried shrimp) and added oysters.
My only one complaint was the fact that the one oyster in the po boy cost me $3.50 extra...definitely not worth it.
So if they don't have the Streetcar available that day, I would just pick the Big Easy.
The shrimp were fried to a golden perfection, as well as the oyster.
There was no unnecessary chewiness to be had in this po boy.
The regular po boy is about 8 inches long and dressed perfectly with mayo/ketchup combo, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles.
Generally, I'm not a big fan of bread, but I do recognize a good one when I taste it.
The bread here has a perfect crispy crust with a soft, airy interior.
Definitely memorable.
The fiance decided to venture out and order The Swamp (fried alligator).
It seemed to be a popular option since we heard quite a few orders being called into the kitchen for this po boy.
So looks like chicken...tastes like chicken....not quite ha!
The alligator was fried well, but when I went to go take a bite...I had a difficult time separating my teeth from his po boy.
Too chewy for my liking, but I'm guessing it's an acquired taste.
All the po boys are served with cajun chips and cole slaw.
I opted out of the cole slaw for a double portion of chips.
These chips are seasoned to addictive perfection.
I ended up taking my chips home with me to snack on them later.
I'm definitely going to come back so I can get me some catfish and try some of their desserts!
This place is a steal especially with their yelp deal going on right now.

Excellent sandwiches and love the deep fried pickles Yum!
I finally got to make into the shop today and was not disappointed, the people were as friendly as I remembered from meeting them at the vender show and auction 2 weeks ago and the food, even better.
I got the Bourbon Street po'boy (roast beef & gravy), thick tender slices of real roast with gravy and the works, so good.
Warning napkins are a must with these

As soon as you are done reading this review and are planning on going here, get the 10 for 20 dollar Groupon deal while it is still available.
So what is a Po-Boy sandwich?
According the Webster's Dictionary: A po' boy (also po-boy, po boy, or poor boy) is a traditional submarine sandwich from Louisiana.
It almost always consists of meat, usually roast beef, or fried seafood.
The meat is served on baguette-like New Orleans French bread, known for its crisp crust and fluffy center.
Off we went looking for this place.
I gotta admit, they are nestled in the corner of questionable plaza.
The parking lot itself is kind of ghetto because there are speed bumps that not clearly marked and the lines for the parking spaces are faded.
Now I would never not check a place out just because of the area its in but to keep it real, I would not recommend coming here at night.
As we enter, we are warmly greeted by D'nis, who was also our assigned server.
Right away I can tell the service was gonna be good.
She got our drink orders while we went over the menu.
Before we ordered, a lady by the name of Gwen introduced herself to us as the owner and thanked us for coming in before she went out the front door.
The menu is simple.
They had an extensive assortment of po-boy sandwiches to choose from.
You have two size options to choose from.
Regular, which is a 9 inch, or Large, which is a foot long.
All sandwiches come with cole slaw and home made cajun potato chips.
We decided to go with the Large Catfish Po-Boy, a side of Fried Okra, and for dessert, Beignet.
At first we were gonna order two different regular sandwiches so we can try more than one flavor.
Im kind of glad we didn't because we barely finished the large size.
From the pic I took that was only half the sandwich.
For sure I can verify what every review here is in agreement with.
The bread itself is very good.
The Catfish was breaded in cornmeal mixed with cajun spices accompanied with mayo, pickles, and lettuce.
The cajun chips were really good.
I love how the spices they threw on the chips gives you that flavor kick with every crunchy bite.
The Fried Okra was good.
The Beignet was just average.
Im not sure if its because of beignets I have had in the past was different, but the ones here did not strike my fancy.
Honorable mention goes out to Alligator Po-Boy.
For you adventure seekers that have that inner Andrew Zimmern in you, go for it.
I have tried alligator several times and I know for sure that its not my thing.
If you have never tried it, find out for yourself if your taste buds like it.
The only negative I observed was that if you order soda, they bring it out as 12 oz cans.
So basically, there are no free refills.
You would have to pay for each individual drink.
I can easily go through 3 cans.
Of course water is always free.
Overall, the food and the service are pretty good in my book.
The area and no refills not so much.
Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #65

Great food.
Definitely going back for more.
*love that they give the kids a stuffed animal of their choice*.

Best fried pickles in town

We went in on a Saturday evening, about 7:30.
Just a couple who were about to leave and myself and my husband.
I was very excited to see they had Gulf Shrimp poboys so we both ordered whole ones.
Price I think was 14.95 each.
The shrimp were delicious and I especially liked the homemade chips.
They called the chips cajun chips, I would describe them as the best tasting BBQ flavor chips I ever ate.
The poboy also came with a side of slaw that was nothing to write home about.
Overall, the owner was delightful to speak with, as she came over to our table and introduced herself to use, and the girl who served us was very knowledgeable about the menu and ingredients.
I think based on their location, Saturday evening business is very slow, but I would imagine during the week, at lunch they are slammed.
Overall I loved my poboy and having no problem paying the 14.95 because of the quality of the shrimp.

I love New Orleans.
I love the food in New Orleans.
I hate it that Rachel B. posted about this place because I'm plenty fat already, thank you!
But, it was actually a place I didn't have to drive 20 miles to get to, so I scooped up Rosebud and a pal and we went to try it out.
It's in the location of the old Poppa Gar's, but changed mightily inside, with a décor of deep purple walls, Mardi Gras beads, and metallic red booths, which somehow works and is pretty darn comfortable  .
Great service.
All the staff were friendly and sweet, and no one was judging us for ordering the big sized sandwiches ($2 more for twice as much- how can you not?
) The only problem was, we were all so worried that one of us would get something better than the others, that we all went with the fried shrimp.
So, we didn't get to sample any other flavors.
We all agreed that they were good but the shrimp was on the tough, overcooked side.
Nothing a little extra mayo couldn't fix, and it might be an isolated incident.
In addition to the Cajun chips and cole slaw that came with our po'boys, we also got sides to share of sweet potato fries (OK), fried mac and cheese bites (tasty but probably frozen from a restaurant supply), and our favorite, the corn fritters (yummy no matter where they came from).
Even after this deep-fried gorge fest, we would have ordered dessert (did I mention we were fat?
), but were going elsewhere later.
Next time for sure.

Mortadella is a large Italian sausage or cold cut made of finely hashed or ground, heat-cured pork sausage, which incorporates at least 15% small cubes of pork fat (principally the hard fat from the neck of the pig).
-- from wikipedia   The fried mortadella in the Muffaletta sandwich was my favorite bite.
I never had a fried bologna sandwich and the Oscar Meyer version makes my stomach turn.
Mortadella is a tastier version of the well-loved cold cut.
I really liked it.
As for the other po'boys, I thought they were alright.
I've been to New Orleans once.
There, I ate at a little, well-known place called Drago's.
I ordered a oyster po'boy (because someone on Yelp told me to do it) and had an epiphany.
I didn't have the same epiphany here.
The homemade chips with BBQ seasoning was a nice touch.
Their portions are huge but it's reflected in their prices.
Dessert was just a-ok.

OK - I am from New Orleans, so I will probably be more harsh than most.
First, I must say that the bread is real, authentic New Orleans Po Boy bread.
So, my wife and couldn't wait to try their po boys, since I only get back to NO once a year.
Yes, po boy withdrawals!
I had the oyster po boy - oysters were a little over cooked, which in NO that is a deadly sin.
They also over seasoned the breading on the oysters.
They are using good oysters, then let the oysters speak for themselves.
To much cajon seasoning, which is what most places do that are not from NO.
Also, not enough oysters on the sandwich.
My wife had the roast beef po boy.
Now, if you have ever been to NO, this is not a po boy from Parkway Tavern in NO.
If you go to NO, Parkway is a must go to place.
The roast beef was tasty but it should have been cooked a little longer so it would fall apart.
Chunks on the po boy were to big and chewy, but flavorful.
Not enough gravy to make it a real wet po boy!!
Onion rings were good.
Cole slaw is awesome.
Give the place a try if you have never had a real po boy, or if you are having NO withdrawals!

First and foremost...DO NOT TRUST YOUR GPS!!
!mi got lost finding this place, but I'm glad I persevered!
The inside reminds me a of Louisiana (The bit I can remember) open and spacious, mardi gras beads....
The hostess was very polite and friendly even though she had to inform me they were all sold out of alligator!
Grrr... Ended up ordering the Streetcar and the Bourbon Street.
Streetcar was nice, even though I HATE CATFISH!!!
The shrimpies were so delicious and big, the oysters nice and crispy...
The bread is wonderful!!
The Bourbon street was good.
I inhaled it, so I don't remember much...
The meat wasn't chewy and grisly, that was nice.
There was an interesting taste of peanut in the gravy sauce...
I bought 2 larges, expecting leftovers.
Oh man, large is humongous!!
WOW!!!
Nice for leftovers.
Oh, and then you get some nice cajun seasoned chips.
Amazing deal.
Also got a side of fried okra so I could nibble on the drive home.
I don't think I like okra.
The outside of the little bites were nice and crispy and cajun seasoned.
Good, for being okra.
=)  I'm returning, this time not following my GPS and I'll call to make sure they have alligator!

The service here is Fantastic, the best that I've had in a very long time.
The food is just WoW where do I begin...
The chips that came with my food are made fresh and the seasoning was so tasty.
My Ragin Cajun Po-Boy was Delicious it comes with Turkey that's cooked to perfection, gravy, French Fries,lettuce,tomatoes & pickles.
It is very messy which usually I'm not a fan of but for food this good I'll be more than happy to make the exception.
Our server (I can't remember her name it starts with K unique name) was so helpful & immediately began to explain the menu and give us suggestions.
Needless to say I will defiantly be back!!

A little bit of heaven in sin city!
The spirit and flavor of authentic Louisiana.
The owner, Gwen is a gem who goes above and beyond for each customer.
All Cajuns know- the po-boy is all about the bread :).
Streetcar po-boys won't disappoint!!

I am always on the hunt for a potentially new lunch spot to add to the rotation.
Having been to the last three renditions of restaurants in this location it was only natural to check the new guys on the block.
The interior has gotten a splash of paint to give it that Mardi Gras look and feel, meanwhile the 1950's diner booths are still in pretty good shape after all these years.
The menu offers a good variety of options.
I choose the "Big Easy" dressed.
The French bread was light and delicious.
The fried shrimp were done well, but could have used a couple more in the sandwich.
The dressing was quite good and had a slight kick.
The side of Cajun chips was tasty but nothing special; meanwhile the cole slaw was pretty tasty.
Just wish they had a blackened shrimp option in addition to that of the fried.
I give the po-boy a 4/5 and the service was friendly and attentive.
All said and done, I will be back for another round and more than likely will get the large po-boy versus the regular size.

I'm glad more people don't know about this place yet and kind of dread when everyone finds out how great it is.
Went for lunch w/ some friends and the place was empty except for one other person (who I actually knew).
The food was excellent, service was good and our food came out rather quickly.
The owner stopped by our table to introduce herself and is a charmer.
Looking forward to going back and trying the next item on the menu!

This is now one of my go - to places anytime I visit Vegas.
I had the Who Dat and I have to say it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.
We were lucky enough to run into the owner, Gwen, who is the perfect Louisiana Mama.
What a pleasure.
Food is fresh and brought in from New Orleans daily.
You've got to give it a try.
Don't let the location worry you.
It's industrial/business area but in a good area.
They have early hours, so no late night snacks.
But make sure you go and tell your friends.
It would be a shame for this place not to make it.

I've always loved Po'boys but one thing I have experienced is that every place has a different concept for Po'boys.
I have never eaten one in New Orleans so I can only compare it to others I have had, however I have to say I was very impressed.
We entered what reminded me of the 60's diners back home.
Booths and tables and sparse decorations set the stage for our meal.
We were greeted by a friendly hostess who turned out to be the owner's granddaughter.
Gave it a nice family restaurant feel in a city severely lacking in that area.
We were escorted to a booth where another friendly waitress took our order.
She was eager to explain the menu.
We were disappointed to find out they were out of Mac n Cheese, Alligator, and oysters.
I settled on a crawfish boudin sausage po'boy and a corn fritter appetizer.
The fritters were actually light and full of corn flavor.
The side of a ranch like sauce was not even necessary as these fritters had just the right mix of flavor and spice.
The po'boy was really good, the sausage was in casing like a good sausage should be.
I was hoping for a little more kick but it was definitely a good tasting sandwich.
They don't drown their po'boys in sauce either which is a positive.
The cajun chips were very good as well.
I will be back to try the mac n cheese and alligator but I was definitely impressed on this visit.
The owner is from New Orleans and clearly takes pride in her work.
It was just like I pictured eating at someone's home in the Big Easy would be.
Streetcar is a welcome addition to the downtown area.

This place is nothing like eating back home in Louisiana.
I read the reviews thinking that this place would have some great poboys and that wasn't the case.
The items that they proclaim to be known for such as the cajun chips and corn fritters they didn't even have any and it was only 2pm when I went there.
The waiter stated they had a rush but she only closed out 11 tickets and there was only 1 other server in the restaurant.
My wife said the bread was the only good thing she could say was good but not me.
Il pass on this one!

The only reason it gets one star is because the server was nice.
I have no clue where all the great reviews came from.
They been open 3 months and I don't see it being much longer before they close down.
The signature streetcar poy Boy was horrible.
The seafood was cooked in old grease and they were out of most the foods we heard were good from the reviews.
Please don't waste your time.
It doesn't even compare to Louisiana.
Go to Popeye's it'll be better.

Being that po-boys are one of my favorite sandwiches I had to try this place out.
What can I say its a really good sandwich.
It has all the toppings of a true po-boy and the bread is the only bread a po-boy should be on.
It comes direct from New Orleans.
The only thing that could make this po-boy better if I was having it in New Orleans.
Also the hush puppies are tasty as well.
Go check this place out you won't be disappointed.

I've been wanting to try Streetcar Po-boys for a while now.
I've read a ton of good reviews, and see all kinds of pictures, so when a friend asked where I wanted to go for my birthday lunch, I picked Streetcar!
I walked into a little diner, with purple walls, and Mardi Gras beads on the light fixtures.
Louis Armstrong was playing, which really got me in the mood.
I was seated while I waited for a friend, and ordered a sweet tea while I perused the menu.
So many choices!
They even have a fried alligator poboy!
I'll have to try that one next.
When my friend arrived, we decided to get the large sandwiches and split them, so we could each taste something different.
We ordered the Streetcar (shrimp, oysters and catfish) and the Crescent City (Muffuletta:  salami, ham, olive spread, etc.).
We also had the fried okra and fried pickles.
The appetizers were amazing.
We couldn't stop eating the pickles!
I was impressed at how the breading wasn't falling off at all, most places you go, the breading falls off the pickles.
The owner, Gwen, stopped over and introduced herself, which I thought was a nice touch.
When our food came, I was surprised...there was SO MUCH!
The sandwiches come with homemade chips, and coleslaw...I really hate coleslaw, but I wanted to at least try it so that I could write a full review.
Let's just say that by the end of the meal, as full as I was, I was shoveling it into my mouth.
It had a sweet taste, and was really delicious.
The sandwiches themselves were great.
Gwen told us that they bring the bread in from New Orleans, and that the rest of the food they do in house.
She even told me the secret to keeping the breading on the pickles!
For dessert, we ordered the bread pudding to go...let me tell you, for the price, I was not expecting such a huge portion...and it is DELICIOUS!
I will definitely go back again.
Service was incredible, I wish I could remember our server's name, he was awesome.
The food was great.
Thanks for a great birthday lunch, Streetcar!

Great Sandwiches.
The corn fritters are amazing.

Oh mmm Gee this place totally took me by surprise.
The dressed Da Saints, dressed  Ragin Cajun and the cheese fries with brown gravy totally was delicious.
Our waitress was VERY nice and Friendly.
We being new at trying po-boys I can honestly say we will be back again for more.!

Aaaah, what  class act this joint is.
The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is that I was genuinely concerned for my health after gorging myself silly here.
Everything on the menu I tried was delicious and I don't know what they put in the french-fried pickle batter but there is something highly addictive about it!
*Drool*  I wish I was still eating them right now.
Must.
Go.
Back.
Get.
More.
Yum.
One of the best parts was how the staff and management roam from table to table chatting with the clientele and making everyone feel like a VIP from the guest list.
I can't wait to lost 10 pounds so I can go back and eat it all back.

I really just came here for the beignets lol.
BUT the people here are very nice... Cashier had a smile, and I really treasure customer service... Maybe some other day I'll try some sandwiches but 5 stars just for the service and the beignets are AWESOME!!

I  LOVE Cajun food so I always jump at the chance of getting it in Las Vegas.
Went there today with co-workers after seeing the article in the RJ this moring.
We all enjoyed it very much!
The food is delicious and the service was as good as it gets!
Very friendly staff and the owner was so nice and welcoming as if you are family.
The crusty bread just makes the sandwich and the sauce is amazing.
I ordered the fried okra, fried mac and corn fritters so amazing I don't know which one I liked more.
The bread pudding is a must!
Can't wait to go back!

Tucked away a little off the strip is a small slice of Louisiana.
Authentic po boy sandwiches and muffaletta with bread from the New Orleans bakeries.
Sweet tea that tastes like you should be drinking it on a wide front porch down South.
I had the muffaletta and it was the best taste of New Orleans I have had outside of the city itself.
Well worth finding and very reasonably priced.

Very good, down home cooking.
The bread was perfect and flakey.
The fried mac n cheese bites were freaking amazing.
The gravy on the real cajun was also delicious.
The service was very friendly.
Prices were extremely reasonable.
Only downside is that its far!
But worth the drive!

If I could give zero stars I would.
Our server Gordon was doing a good job in fact he was the only one working while the other 5 people including the owner, stood around laughing and joking and one of the girls was on Facebook the whole time.
We left after waiting over 23 minutes for our sandwich..

Had the shrimp po-boy and loved it.
The chips were crisp and not greasy.
Coleslaw was yummy too!
Plan on going back to try more...

My husband wanted a shrimp po boy, so like any couple would do, we consulted Yelp.
We found this place and saw all of the great reviews and we decided to try it out.
It was so delicious!
We arrived about thirty minutes before closing.
My husband had the shrimp po boy and I had a beef and gravy po boy.
Holy moly, talk about delicious.
Their chips were awesome and their coleslaw was amazing!
All the food was fresh.
I can't wait to go back!

Reasonably priced, customer service awesome, and like everyone says the bread is great.
I went with the "Streetcar" which was supposed to be shrimp, oysters and catfish...they were out of oysters but since I wanted the sandwich anyway they threw on a couple extra shrimp.
Great Cajun eating in LV!

Oh so delicious!
The catfish sandwich is awesome!
The fried pickles.. great, only wish I had double order!
fried okra really good and the staff was super friendly.
I will go there whenever I'm in the area.

First, let me start off by saying I was born and raised in New Orleans so of course my expectations would be high.
I grew up eating these type of food, and I also work in the business growing up.
I ordered the Bourbon, which is the roast beef poboy with gravy.
I expected the roast beef to be sliced, not pulled like a pulled pork sandwich.
It was okay in my opinion.
I've definitely had better back home.
My bf had his mind and heart set on ordering the oysters but they ran out of that so he ordered the Swamp instead, which is the fried alligator.
That was very very disappointing.
The gator itself was chewy, and it was heavily salted, like someone pretty much poured the entire container of salt on it and called it a day.
He ate maybe 1/3 of his poboy and pretty much threw the rest away.
My friend had the Who Dat, which is the hot sausage patty poboy.
You can't really go wrong with that, I mean I get the Patton's patties frozen from New Orleans and bring it back to Vegas and make my own poboy.
All of the poboys come with some Cajun chips and cole slaw.
Now the sides on the other hand are pretty good.
This is the reason why they get the third star.
They ran out of the fried Mac n cheese, which again was disappointing but there's nothing we can do about it but order something else.
We ended up ordering the fried okras, beer battered onion rings, and fried pickles which was all pretty good.
Would I come back and give this place another try?
Perhaps.
They just opened, so there's always room for improvements.
My suggestions?
Offer seafood plates (it usually comes with fries/house salad.
) Not everyone wants to order a poboy.
Add some gumbo, étouffée, jambalaya, red beans, some more southern dishes to your menu.
Definitely need some fleur de lis decor in the restaurant!
I mean, you misspelled N'awlins on the menu!
Whenever I get the craving for an oyster poboy, I will probably try calling and see if it's available first before taking a drive out here.
I hope this place improves.
Will update on this review next time.

The place is located where the old PaPa Garrs once stood, great old diner.
It's kinda nice inside with a New Orleans tone.
We were there for lunch (1:30) and the place was near empty with only one other couple.
My wife ordered the oyster po'boy to which our server (Gordon) said the delivery was not made that day.
So she settled for the small catfish po'boy and was told that it rivaled Mario's Market.
I ordered the muffuletta and sweet tea.
It took a while to get our food and a little annoying as the place was near empty.
The Mrs. sandwich arrived and looked great, except there were two (one on each half) thin strips of catfish (1.5" x 4" ).
Plenty of lettuce and the roll looked good.
She was not impressed.
The coleslaw was very good.
It comes with the sandwich along with some very tasty chips.
My sandwich arrives at the same time and I was not impressed either.
The meat was grilled and the cheese melted over it like a grilled ham an cheese sandwich.
I've had this  this sandwich many times in New Orleans and made it myself at home.
No where does the meat get grilled on a flat top.
The muffuletta is the quintessential New Orleans sandwich of cured meats, cheese and tangy olive salad piled onto a sturdy Italian loaf.
No lettuce, tomato etc.....just olive tempanade/giardiniera.
Both sandwich's were below par.
The sweet tea, chips and coleslaw were very good.....but the happiness ends there.
Sorry.

Stop by for brunch at 10:30 AM.
No one was there which was nice.
The staff was very friendly.
I was greeted with a smile and hello as soon as I walked in.
I had the place to myself so I sat in the booth.
I came in on a mission to order a shrimp Po boy.
The French bread was good.
And the shrimp wasn't over Fried.
This sandwich was not overdressed so that's good because I don't like it very messy.
I went with the Cajun fries on the side which was also very good.
I would definitely come back here again and try the other items on the menu.

Feels like a lil piece of NOLA in da desert!
People are friendly and welcoming.
Food is good!

Best meal I had in Las Vegas.
I recently went to New Orleans and ate at two different poboy shops and they don't even compare to Streetcar Poboys.

The food was great, the bengiets were absolutely fantastic and made to order!
And the service was fast and very friendly.
This place was so good that I went twice in one week.

Had oyster and a combo (catfish, oyster, shrimp) po-boys.
Both were delicious!
Fries and sweet tea were good too.
Neighborhood looks a little rough, and restaurant decor is a little skimpy.
We were one of two groups there when we entered, but the restaurant was filled when we left.
Service was fast and friendly.
Will come back again.

Excellent muffuletta.
Olive salad was PERFECT.
Service a bit slow.

Catfish po boy - 5 stars.
Shrimp po boy - 4.5 stars.
Gator po boy - 1 star.
As a big alligator fan I was horribly disappointed with the gator PoBoy.
The gator meat was soggy and possibly undercooked.
The catfish and shrimp were excellent and I'll be ordering the catfish PoBoy from now on.
Wait staff was very friendly!

On a recent trip to Vegas, I tried to find eateries that were off of the strip.
I wanted less touristy spots and more tasty food.
Streetcar Po-poys did not disappoint.
Everything was delicious and the staff was incredibly friendly.

What a great sandwich, ordered the Streetcar without the catfish and it was amazing!!
Our waiter was great and the food came out quickly!
Will be coming back again and again!
We were told that because of the I-15 freeway expansion that they will be relocating and we were sure to leave them our emails so we know where to find them when they do move.
Definitely recommend this place for their sandwiches!

Yummy shrimp po-boy!
A tasty downtown option where there are few!

Streetcar Po Boys suffers from a condition that is slightly schizophrenic.
On one hand the have the fun festive atmosphere of a great restaurant.
But they serve sandwiches in baskets.
They have delicious items flown in from the Big Easy daily but you're handed plastic forks and knives.
It's not charming it's confusing.
The menu has a fine selection of wonderful unique options and coke is served in a can with a cup of ice.
Yes Streetcar Po Boys is half gourmet treasure, half sandwich shop.
The prices and taste say high end, the presentation says "great place to grab a bite.
Please decide which you want to be before your customer decides in their heads and chooses to return or not.
The staff are pleasant and try real hard to make the place a positive experience.
I feel bad about 3 stars cause I want the place to succeed.
But picky diners will feel like they are not getting something special when their expensive gourmet food comes in a plastic basket.

Very disappointing.
They were too chincey with the meats on the sandwiches.
They oyster po'boy was to dry and too much breading.
The roast beef and gravy po'boy had nearly no meat and gravy.
Side dishes ( fried okra and hushpuppies) were very good.
Service was good.
Too bad the food was so disappointing.

The fried ochre and pickles were good, but the roast beef poboy wasn't our favorite.
Also they were out of a few things, like catfish, but the shrimp poboy I got instead was decent.
All in all it wasn't the worst experience, but it also could have been a lot better

AWESOME Nawlins fare!!!
Great po'boys & sides & desserts!!!
I would give 5 stars, but service is terribly slow.
Everyone was very nice & authentic Cajun food, just really slow...
But worth the wait!!

First time here.
Located on the NW corner of Oakey and Western.
Almost has a diner decor on the inside.
Completely not what i expected when i saw the outside.
Was greeted by the cashier that took my order (to-go).
Very nice lady.
I've been told about the Fried Alligator so i decided to try it.
It is listed under Po-Boy's as "The Swamp" with all the toppings and the sauce in the sandwich.
They have two sizes.
Regular and Large.
Regular being 7" and Large being 10".
Opt'ed for the 7".
Still pricey but i guess thats the premium for alligator.
XD   A guy walked in before me so their order was ahead of mine.
During the ... approx 25 minutes ... i waited for my order, i saw a table have their order filled (3-4 people?
) as well as the guy that was ahead of me (he had 2 items?).
A little slow but i wasn't in a rush and i occupied myself with a video on my phone.
When i got my order, i had left and decided to eat in my car (not much of a fan of sitting in a restaurant to eat alone XD) and i can watch my video with car's sound system instead of the bluetooth in my ear.
Fresh fried fries with cajun seasoning dusted on top.
Little under seasoned but nice and crispy.
Cole slaw was decent but not much of a fan of cole claw anyway.
The sandwich itself was wrapped in foil to keep it warm.
Not sure how long the sandwich was sitting there prior to me getting the sandwich but if the alligator was fried (looked like it), it wasnt crispy anymore.
I guess thats why they gave the option of having the sauce in the sandwich or on the side.
Alligator,....  to be honest im not sure how to describe it.
Its not as tender as chicken.
It has a chewy aspect but not like rubber chewy...
Doesn't really have a texture like i guessed (like frog)... almost looked like fried boneless chicken but not o.O Sandwich was pretty good.
I think id like to try the alligator by itself, freshly fried and not drenched in sauce to get a real feel of the texture and what not.
Overall, not bad.
Would like to come back to try other things if im in the area.

Like Nelson Q, I really wanted to love this place.
But after reading so many positive reviews, I finally made it in for a meal- and was quite underwhelmed.
Service was very friendly but the product was lackluster.
Opted for their signature sando, the Streetcar Poboy, served with a side of coleslaw and Cajun chips.
The bread that Emily R praises as craveworthy did not even taste fresh, which really brought down my impression of the overall sandwich.
Topped with shrimp, oysters, and catfish, it was a hearty portion and didn't have anything wrong with it, but it didn't live up to the praise.
I felt that Gritz Cafe better executed a poboy and it's not even their main menu item.
Cajun chips served alongside my sandwich were bland, underseasoned, and seemed borderline stale.
Service will keep this place on my radar to try their piroque and alligator on another visit, but I'm hoping I just caught them on an off night.

Super friendly.
The food is pretty good.
The hush puppies were amazing.
I felt as though I was in their home.
With that being said, I did not enjoy seeing the costomers socializing over the food that was being served, or watching our order come up and sit while people converesed around it, until someone notices and brings us the order.
Also, the sweet waitress kept twirling her ponytail and redoing her ponytail.
I'm sure that these things are done without thinking, but they have you watch those movies and take the test, at the health dep.
for a reason.
That's just nasty.
Please stop touching your hair, or any part of yourself, while serving food.
Please!?!?
And please pay better attention to your customers, rather than duscussing your car problems, before entering our order, with other customers.
Thanks.

This service was okay, but it took about 30minuets longer than it should have.
Especially since we were the only two people in the place.
The idea is great but the execution was not there and after reading all the reviews I was stoke to try it.
Food was just not the quality I expected.
Shrimp was good and the Streetcar was not what I've experienced in the South.
The only thing truly worth the price is the Beignets, which I may have to pick some up for coffee soon.
Thanx to the Yelp Deal I was not to upset by the overcharge.

I was really looking forward to trying out Streetcar Po-boys and bugged my co-workers to go in with me for well over a month.
Unfortunately it did not live up to the hype.
Our order from three of us consisted of a Zulu (eggpland and zucchini marinara), a Viex Carre (BBQ beef), and a French Quarter (meatball marinara).
Each sandwich came with a side of coleslaw (very good and creamy, BTW) and some fries.
There weren't many fries to be had.
Just a small handfull.
What there was of them was very seasoned to the point that my co-workers claimed they were too spicy.
I disagree but that is not the point of my story today.
My boss ordered the viex carre and said the BBQ sauce was too spicy.
She was only able to eat a small portion of her rather pricey sandwich.
My co-worker ordered the French Quarter.
She did care for it due to small meatballs cut in half and the lettuce, pickles, mayo, etc.
That I take the blame for.
When I ordered I was asked if I wanted the sandwiches dressed.
I said yes.
My bad.
On hot sandwiches like any of the marinara style or a BBQ beef sandwich, cold toppings just really don't belong.
On my Zulu I would not mind the tomato or the pickles.
Soggy shredded lettuce is where I draw the line.
Amazingly enough this is exactly what I received on the side in a small cup.
A small styrofoam cup of shredded lettuce and marinara.
I don't know if it was meant as a side dish or as extra for the sandwich itself.
I don't like when I am confused by food.
Setting that aside, I actually kind of liked my Zulu sandwich.
There was a good amount of eggplant and zucchini and sauce and the flavor was good.
It was not especially filling but I was not starving afterwards either.
I would have been happier had I been able to order the corn fritters I have seen pictures of.
Unfortunately, Streetcar's provider/distributor of such delights no longer has the fritters available.
And so it was that no sides were to be ordered.
Nor were desserts which is too bad because some of them look really good.
I may just have to make a special dessert visit some day but when it comes to sandwiches, I'll pass.

Two stars only because there was a hair in my coleslaw.
The waitress has her hair loose and down, which is probably why I found a hair.
She should have her hair tied back or in a bun, since she's constantly touching her hair.
The food was good, even though they had run out of some of what we asked for.
My father-in-law had to ask for a refill, but was content with his food.
Hopefully, if we return, there will be a new rule set that hair must be tied back.

My wife and I went here for lunch, I had a Muffuletta sandwich and my wife had a Roast beef, mine was very big and also very tasty, the only bad thing I can say is the lack of French fries they gave you with the sandwich, you got a cup of coleslew and about 10-12 french fries, I would not normally count them, but their were too few on the plate not to

