First to review!
Awesome.
Let me tell you about this new little Mexican place that just opened up between the corner gas station and the creative kids.
This place had been advertising that they're opening soon for two months, and they're finally open.
The owner is extremely nice, friendly, and quick to charm you up on the dishes his store makes.
He even offers to let you sample the chicken and steak before making a decision.
Since we've been waiting for him to open he offered to let us try a taco for free.
Other than that we ordered and bought the fish taco, chicken taco, chile relleno.
and bean and cheese burrito.
First off the bean and cheese burrito was the cheesiest burrito I've ever had in my entire life!
Maybe too much cheese... wait, what the heck am I saying?!
There is no such thing as too much cheese!!
It was ooey gooey goodness, with a freshly made tortilla.
A little too flimsy but in overall deliciousness, it didnt matter.
It hit the spot.
The salsa's could use a little more flavor.
The only one I really enjoyed was the chunky brown one, that has onions in it.
The chicken tacos were full of flavor and had a good amount of meat inside them.
Definitely, not wimpy tacos and worth the price.
They top them with onions, cilantro, and lettuce if you request it.
The food takes longer than a fast food joint but thats because they make everything fresh.
What i loved was that i could see the grill from the cash register.
No gimmicks, no hidden secrets.
What you see is what you get.
I'd rather wait an extra five or so minutes and have something fresh, hot and healthier than something you get thats been sitting for hours.
The store is small, clean and everything brand new.
They have a tv for customers to watch while they eat, which is nice.
Free refills on drinks, except the horchata.
Lastly i tried the chile relleno which was really spicy but in a great way.
Full of cheese again, and topped with grilled onions and red sauce.
This place uis a hit, and overall im super excited its here.
Less than a block from my work you'll be getting an update before you know it!

Ssssh, don't rat me out but I'm writing this review from work because I'm just too excited!
Decided to try something new at the apache taco show and am so glad I did.
Got the fish taco and no joke it's the BEST fish taco I've ever had.
Before my favorite was wahoos but the flavor, and size of apaches fish taco blew wahoos away.
It's tender, not fishy, fried outside that crunchy, not soggy.
For 2.99 it was huge and I wish I would have gotten a second.
The chipotle sauce they put on it gives it a kick that really brings out the flavor.
They don't skimp on the cabbage and put it on two corn tortillas that don't break.
The second taco I got was still good, marinated chicken.
I found out you can get it on a flour tortilla too but I stuck with corn.
So much meat that you could almost order another corn tortilla ad stuff another.
Great prices for portions, and I find myself having more food than I can eat.
Rice and beans taste super fresh, and again I love I watch them make everything and grill it.
What's new as well is that they changed their salsa bar and now I can't stop raving.
They added a new chunky green mild one that packs a punch after you start chewing.
And they spiced up their salsa, the brown chunky one.
Now I have no complaints!
This is the perfect taco place for me.
(sorry tacos la Mexicana!

Good food and service.
We tried a little of everything since this was our first time here.
The best part was the carne asada quesadilla.
It had so much meat and cheese.
The salsa bar is pretty legit also and it has 5 different salsas.after I selected my salsa the nice cashier lady came over and brought me a bag to put them in so they didn't spill.
Next was the bean and cheese burrito enchilada style.
The carnitas weren't that great but they weren't bad.
The carne asada taco was good but Would of been better With some avocado and less onion.
If you're in the area you should for sure Check them out.

Food was really good my only complaint is that if you want cheese and guac on your rolled tacos its gonna cost you and extra 3.50 I just cant stomach paying almost 8 bucks on three rolled tacos.. the torta was good and good priced I just cant get over 23 bucks for 2 orders of rolled tacos and a torta..that's crazy!

I live right by here so I had high hopes, unfortunately with so many other better Mexican places around town I probably won't be back.
The carne asada burrito was very light on the meat, and it was a little dry and bland.
At one point I actually spit some out because I couldn't chew it.
The service was good though.
I hate to knock on new small businesses but hopefully you can use this feedback to improve.

Tried this new taco shop on the corner of Ft. Apache & Sahara.
I was hesitant because I've had so many disappointments but it was the best crunchy taco & chile relleno I've had since my old favorite spot shut down 2 years ago.
Made to order crunchy shell & the carnitas came w/guac.
The relleno was kind of like a Mexican spin on eggplant parmesan, so a little different but AWESOME!
The adobado taco was good too & the fluffy rice & light colored beans were good but I'd skip them & order another taco instead.
Nice salsa bar & the owner is nice & speaks good English so he explained the salsas to me & he'll accommodate special orders.
Tostadas aren't on the menu but someone got one & it looked yummy!
Please visit if you're in the area so it stays in business.
I can't lose another favorite spot!

Yummy!
Authentic Mexican food!
Everything is made fresh.
The sauce for the enchilada was spot on.
It hit the spot.
We don't like beans, but the beans here almost taste like mashed potatoes.
We even loved whatever cheese they used in their carne asana nachos lol.
But the winner has to be the salsa.
All homemade and you get to choose between 4 salsas.
The little old lady behind the register was so nice too.
She kept stopping by to see how we were doing and even stood around and chat with us a bit.
She even took a chair for a little as she has back pain.
Lovely small authentic mexican restaurant.

I've eaten here several times now & the chile rellenos are always perfect!
The owner is super friendly & remembered me after the first visit.
I had my carnitas taco made into a tostada today & it was to die for, though you do need to eat it quick before the center gets soggy.
They need to put that option on the menu!
They also deliver.
LOVE this place!

I'm here right now..third time this week.
Small but clean and newly renovated ...the food is outrageously good..I have had their carne asada torta(my favorite), carne asada buritto and the adobada buritto , bean and cheese burrito(best I ever had) and now the breakfast burrito( not big but still good) and horchata .
Everything is great and you can definitely tell its fresh.
There salsa is also freshly made everyday ..its a little hidden between the 76  gas station and creative kids learning center.

I just have to add..
I HATE beans.. but the beans here are so good!
I finish it every time!
I don't know what sauces they use here for everything, but it never disappoints!

If there was ever a place that deserved a 3.5 star rating Apache Taco Shop would be it.
I'd have to say that their salsa bar is easily the stand out at Apache.
They make a mean tomatillo sauce with a whallop of flavor and just enough heat to get the nose running.
As for the rest, nothing spectacular.
After trying their carne asade I'd have to say I'm not a fan.
It's just flat out bland compared to the other meats they have.
I'd personally stick with the chicken.
The chicken is heavily seasoned and goes well with the sauces they offer and their style of burrito.
Their burritos are not made like your average run of the mill burritos.
The only ingredients that they put in their burritos are the meat of your choice, beans, rice, and pico de gallo.
No cheese, lettuce, sour cream, or guacamole.
For an additional charge you can add those extras on.
But sitting at under five dollars a burrito, you can't really complain much.
Not a bad spot to grab a burrito during your lunch break but don't expect to have your mind blown.

Great service, hot sauce bar was very clean and the salsas were all fresh and taste great.
Fast service....will come back again..

Great food, had there fish tacos and there beans are so good.
Small clean and friendly place.
Will be going back soon,

My carne asada torta was terrible.
The meat marinade made it seem store bought and it was so tough I could barely eat it.
Was hoping for an authentic west side Mexican spot.
Um...you better fix it guys, cause that meal sucked.

First time coming here and I ordered the chili Rellenos plate for myself and a carna asada burrito for my husband.
I was very please  with the size of the chili relleno but was very disappointed with the sauce on top.
It taste just like a cheap can of spaghetti sauce and looked like it too!
Terrible flavor killed the whole meal, not to mention the rice was extremely dry and hard.
My husband said his carne asada was good but wish they out more in the burrito.
The burrito would have been more enjoyable if there weren't any of the hard dried up rice inside of it.
The beans were ok.
Weren't watery and runny like other places can be.

Nice people but 1) the carne asada burrito has too much rice and beans in it and  2)  The rolled tacos were kinda squishy.
I am sticking to Roberto's for my taco shop fix even though Roberto's is nothing compared to the good taco shops in So.
Cal.

Had to kill some time waiting for a place to open.
Stopped in at apache and got a enchilada plate, red, cheese, actually white cheese that was melted.
I was shocked to be honest.
The sauce did seem to be tomato based which I'm not a huge fan of but it tasted pretty good.
Also at 6 bucks for that plate cheaper than most.

