I am so excited for Alexandra.
Kaleidoscope Juice has another location.
They just opened yesterday 12/27/13.
After a week of holiday eating, I needed to cleanse my body.
I could feel it, so I headed to the new location and got my favorite juices.
Green Dragon is my all time favorite.
I got Anton's Spinach, Hot Yogi, and Keri also.
They will also offer salads, smoothies, shakes and coffee at this location.
It is really cute, just a little bit west of Scottsdale Road on 1st.
Avenue.
Great location in Old Town.
Maybe after a night of partying and drinking people should consider detoxing here.
Just a thought.

I have been wanting to try a Kaleidoscope juice for a while now, but I live in San Diego and I don't think SoCal is within delivery boundaries!
I was laid up in bed sick as a dog when I was scrolling through my Instagram feed and saw Antonyoga11 posted a sweet pic about a new juice bar location.
I was so stoked and thought to myself "this is just what I need to get better!
" The next day as I was feeling better I met a friend to grab a juice and check the place out.
FYI: They have another location 2 blocks away where they make the cold pressed juice and they have a runner that shuttles over Flavors they don't have in the cooler, so make sure you don't make this mistake.
Even if you do it's walking distance so no big.
After we found it we oohed and aahed at the awesome building and colors.
I especially love the logo design.
The two people behind the counter were really helpful.
They explained the cold press process and what other bevys and snacks you could get there.
I opted for Anton's spinach and it was deeeeelicious!
Highly recommend this.
Also, on the table inside they had a cute baking sheet of some goodies cut up for sampling.
There is a small bar and a larger communal table for seating.
Outside they had a cute patio with chairs, not to mention a walk up window which is awesome!
This place is going to kill it in Scottsdale!
Next I want to try the cleanses.

This new location is so cute.
And not to mention delicious.
A girlfriend and I stopped in to check it out.
The bullet proof coffee is divine, it's a mix of espresso and other energy boosting goodies (Lucuma powder, kidney bean extract, coconut butter) I swear you don't need any extra sweetener.
I've had their juices before, I know they're amazing.
Going back to try the beneficial fro-yo!

Kaleidoscope's new location is great!
Pick up a juice, smoothie, coffee, peanut butter protein cookie or wheat grass shot all from the bike up window.
All products are organic, and made with lots of love!
The staff is helpful and attentive to your personal needs regardless if you just want a pick me up in the form of juice or coffee, or a life transforming cleanse.
Go try it!
It may just change your life...

The best juice spot in the city...hands down!
Plus, this spot has so much more and the space is amazing.

Simply put....this is one of my favorite places in Arizona.
The juice is amazing and the staff is superb!
They all have tremendous knowledge of their product and available to answer all your questions.
I am stuck on "The Immortal Machine" and "Gold Juice" right now but I will continue to make my way through the menu.
Not only will you feel great from the fantastic food and juice but you'll feel good just being there.
Amazing place and you must go!

Every now and then, I learn a little something from my husband...  One of the most recent things I learned is that Kaleidoscope not only has juice, but they have salads as well.
And when I went in to see for myself, I learned that they actually have a ton of other menu options too (coffee, smoothies, muffins, cookies, burritos, granola, and so much more!
)  Jared stopped by their new store a few weeks ago and told me about his kale quinoa salad.
Always looking for healthy lunch options in the 'hood, I ended up going in myself and was oh so pleasantly surprised.
I already had one of their salads and I plan on doing one of their "Juice 'til Dinner Cleanses" tomorrow (along with Jared and his sister, Alexa M).
We'll have a total of four juices and one of their salads each...
I'm actually excited to try them and I am already anticipating feeling great during and after, so I'll report back once done.
(The power of optimism, right people?!
)  The ladies working when I stopped by were super friendly and knowledgeable... (shout out to you both: Jess and Jessie I believe).
With three locations in the Valley including this main one, I'm sure I'm not the only one that is grateful you exist.
Thanks to Kaleidoscope for creating healthy food options that are appealing and easily accessible in today's busy world!

This place is amazing.
With a city as huge as Phoenix/Scottsdale and only a handful of places that actually have REAL ORGANIC healthy food it is incredibly refreshing to stumble across Kaleidoscope!!!
A neighbor turned me onto them.
I had an amazing salad and coffee.
The staff was very friendly and informative.
If you care what you put into your body check this place out ASAP!!

What a great little place filled with a warm energy that is calmly invigorating.
The service, the products, and the atmosphere are all superb.
My faves so far are the myriad of juices, their version of bulletproof coffee, and the Acai bowl.
I can't wait to try the chai.

This place gives me so much joy it's unbelievable.
Everything that they make here is delicious, healthy and makes you feel good hours and days later.
Their 6-juice/day cleanse is hearty and doesn't leave you hungry.
Their snacks (especially the hemp bars) are SO GOOD.
They're also good for you.
Low in calories, sugar, salt and carbs.
Their meals - the soba noodle is my favorite are also incredibly healthy but fill you up AND you have leftovers because the portions are large.
Their food and juices make me happy inside and out.
Support Local and shop at Kaleidoscope.

Best chocolate mocha I have had.
Great service by the Hollywood Brunette.

When it comes to organic, cold pressed juice and delicious, healthy snacks, Kaleidoscope is the best.
Don't miss this place!

OK so I TRY to feed my machine right when I travel and that often never happens.
I was in the mood for a "real" juice (i.e.
cold pressed) so I yelped and found this place just minutes from my hotel.
I made the trip twice!
The KERI juice was yummo and the açai bowl was unreal... ridiculous... like crazy good.
So good that I was scraping the bottom looking for more.
I came back the next day for another.
;-) If you're nearby it's worth a visit!
Cool people, great energy.

Amazing!!!
Bullet Proof coffee is spectacular.
I'd come here every day if I didn't live in New York.
This will be a must visit place whenever I'm in Phoenix.

What an incredible group of doers and givers!!!!
So giving and passionate about helping others.
It is definitely worth it to swing by and grab a nutrient BLAST to fill your body with amazing foods.
They all taste incredible, and extremely FRESH!

This place got everything right.
Great energy, inviting vibe.
All organic and gluten free.
I went with the Immortal Machine smoothie (banana, almond milk, almond butter, gluten free oats, vanilla warrior powder and about 7 other healthy supplements).
Dynamite.
And while I was waiting I discovered a package of GLUTEN FREE Almond Butter Chocolate Chip Protein Cookies.
Can you say impulse purchase?
(I can confirm they are soft, sweet and delicious).
Turns out the girl who took my order, Alexandra, is the founder of this business.
She's always loved nutrition, got a business grant while studying at ASU, and now she has 4 Kaleidoscopes.
I think I kind of fell in love a little?

Another healthy food option with very good vegan food and juices.
Great customer service and very convenient location.
Sick of chop shop?
Hit Kaleidoscope.

Kaleidoscope is quickly becoming a regular stop for me, now that I found out about all kinds of food allergies that I have!
Everything at Kaleidoscope is super fresh, and gluten free.
I love their juice combinations, they totally beat anything I have come up with at home in my own kitchen.
As they should, the staff are total pro's and really know their products.
It's a fun environment, healthy, and quick!
Absolutely worth your time and money.

Great Juice!
My husband and I just got back from LA and discovered a wonderful juicery/restaurant called Kreation.
We came home bummed that we didn't have one here.
We did a little research and came across Kaleidoscope.
We both did 5 days cleanses, the juice was great.
The staff was super helpful and friendly.
Favorite Juice: Hot Yogi or Anton's Spinach

I had their strawberry protein drink and it was super yummy and filling.
While I was checking out they were making one of the bowls and it looked amazing trying it next time.

