I used Proficient Clean for my apartment move out cleaning and they did a wonderful job.
My place wasn't overly messy, but after a half year of being too busy for regular maintenance cleaning, anywhere can get a bit grungy, right?
After getting all my stuff out, they took over and man, can they clean!
By the time all was wrapped up, they had cleaned stuff I never would have thought of on my own.
Needless to say, I got my entire deposit back and it was well worth it.
I will definitely use Proficient Clean next time I need to move.

Well, being the happy (and active) bachelor, I was too much of a coward to get my whole house cleaned (women, if you've got a husband, son or brother, I'm sure you sympathize) but my kitchen needed some MAJOR attention and Proficient Clean came to the rescue.
It was well worth the time for sure and I was more than pleased.
The beautiful maid that came by not only handled my kitchen but touched up my wood floors and gave me wonderful advice on how and when would be best for me to get my house cleaned if I chose to get it serviced again.
I really appreciated that.
When she was leaving I came out to see the progress and, interestingly enough, I FELT it before I saw it.
My whole living room felt "lighter" (who knew dust bunnies weighed so much?
)  I'm thinking I'm gonna have to do this again and Proficient Clean is my choice.
Thanks so very much y'all!!!

What a great clean!
The staff was very friendly and very informative.
They kept to the alloted clean schedule and did a fantastic job.
I highly recommnend this service.

You will not be disappointed by the cleaning services provided.
I have used more than a few cleaning services in the past few years and Proficient is the best.
Previously I just kept going through Living Social and Groupon deals and nothing ever stuck.
But then Venza showed up and asked me detailed questions about my needs, offered suggestions and texted me when she finished.
When I got home my apartment looked and felt amazing and she had listened to every single thing I said.
I will be sticking with them now.
The search is over.

Excellent service!
I called on wednesday afternoon for a quick clean ASAP - they got me in on Thursday!
They even showed up early!
(That is huge - out of the 3 other companies that have cleaned my home none of them were on time, heaven forbid actually early.
)  The lady who cleaned worked hard, efficiently, and focused on the areas I had mentioned were our "trouble spots".
Great customer service, excellent cleaning skills, and I'll definitely be contacting again!

Great people, great service.
I feel better knowing that the people who come into my home are there with positive intentions.

Dillon was great working with.
My carpets look brand new and there price was reasonable.
We plan on using them in the future for our carpets and maid service.
Thank you Dillon and your great staff!!

I wanted to hire a cleaning service for my Mom's house and came across this yelp page.
I gave them a call and got the run down on how cleaning services work and got the 50% yelp special!
She gave me a priority list of things to clean and I sent it to Dillon for the staff.
The employee showed up on time, spoke english and did a great job!
The list was complete and my mom was very pleased.
Payment was easy and Dillion was very nice.
Highly recommend Proficient Clean and will keep them in mind for the next time :)

