Today was the official opening of Chestnut.
I meet some friends for lunch.
When you walk into the big open space, you order at the counter, receive a number and find a table.
Our drinks (green tea) were delivered promptly.
I ordered the Green Goddess salad that had rice noodles, kale, swiss chard, cashews, toasted coconut and a spicy Asian dressing.
It only took about 5-10 min to receive our food and the service was always with a smile.
The salad was very good...maybe better if they would have had more greens and less noodles, but still light and delicious.
My friends ordered the Chestnut Chop salad which looked good and the Lobster Roll, which looked AMAZING.
This is not the mayo-loaded-gut-bomb you have come to expect from lobster rolls.
I didn't even see any mayo.
I can't tell you about the taste because my friend refused to give up one bite and finished the whole thing!
lol  The patio is great.
There is an adorable flower shop inside as well.
Welcome to the neighborhood Chestnut, you will be seeing a lot of me!

I would give the food 5 stars, but the service just isn't up to speed yet.
It just opened this week and I think they are still working out the kinks, but the food is delicious...
Hands down probably the best oatmeal I have ever had.
The restaurant itself is decorated brilliantly and gives off the hip vibe that the Arcadia residents drool over.
Given that the intersection at 44th St. and Camelback is one of the most trafficked areas in Phoenix I think this place has a good shot at doing well.
I will stop back by and review my post after the next experience.

I was excited to check this out as a new nearby lunch place (close to work) and suggested we try it to my co-workers on Friday.
First drawback: the parking.
Almost worse than LGO.
And it's not even busy yet.
Small lot that is hard to get to - being on the busy intersection.
Most of the open spots were reserved for other businesses so this will for sure be a drawback in the future.
Second: Menus weren't up and you didn't really know where to order.
We were given paper menus.
Tried ordering an Arnold Palmer or Strawberry Lemonade and both were not available yet.
One of my co-workers tried to order one of the juice drinks at the top of the menu and they didn't have those yet either.
Then another co-worker tried to order breakfast for lunch and again - they didn't do breakfast at lunch (but, like most places) did not have this indicated on their menu.
Two of us ordered the 5-spice Ban Mi sandwich, one got the egg salad and another the grilled cheese with bacon.
I also had ordered a 1/2 order of fruit salad because it sounded different.
Pretty disappointing.
The ban mi sandwiches were tasty and large portions - but nothing that I think I will be craving anytime soon for $9.
The co-worker who got the egg salad said it was just plain egg salad and didn't have any "tang" to the dressing that the menu indicated.
Then my co-worker who got the grilled cheese said it was just okay but had a weird sweetness to it.
And they forgot the bacon (which they promptly put on it when she let them know).
My half fruit salad was pretty sad - the menu said it would have lime juice, creme freche (sp?
)  and honey - all of which were completely missing.
And the fruit was un-flavorful white colored strawberries, small pieces of pineapple and blueberries.
Thought about trying to get my money back but would have been too much of a hastle.
Also, watching the staff - one of my co-workers used to work at Sam Fox restaurants - she made the comment that they all seemed to be new to the food service industry.
They definitely need more training.
Our conclusion: They weren't ready to open yet and needed to spend time "working out the kinks.
"    I might try it again in several months and if so I'll update my review.
But, definitely wouldn't recommend spending your money here until they work out some issues!
Other notes: The design is very nice and the florist shop inside is amazing.
But with its high price points and certain style I wonder how long it will last....
The two stars are for the decor/design, the yummy sweet potato chips and spicy pickled cucumbers that came with our sandwiches.

Amazing!
It has only been 8 days since they opened, and it is running smooth, friendly and delicious.
Bibimbap bowl is so tasty and off the beaten path.
We also had the sando and it is tooooo good.
Yum.
Can't wait to come back.

We just stopped by for a cup of coffee.
To my disappointment two cups if coffee were 8.19.
I thought that might be a decent price for a pour over but the girl walked over to a thermos and poured our coffee.
It's disappointing to pay four dollars for a cup of coffee that you don't know when it was made.
The place is cute but I can't see it topping LGO, it doesn't make sense to pay those prices when there are so many other great options close within reach.
I gave two stars because the service was friendly.

Chestnut is an adorable new restaurant that opened up in the Arcadia neighborhood.
The decor is fantastic, wide open glass doors and inviting seating arrangements.
You order your food at the counter, take a number, and a runner will serve it to you.
If only the food & price matched the service and decor.
My husband and I had lunch here, I ordered the green goddess salad and my husband had the chicken salad sandwich and we both had arnold palmers with prickly pear iced tea.
My salad was very good, lots of flavor and I really enjoyed the crunch of the nuts and the shaved coconut, the rice noodles were a little hard though.
The price was steep at $12 for a salad without protein.
My husband's chicken salad was absolutely tasteless, no flavor at all.
Most of the time chicken salad has some sort of crunch to it due to extra ingredients, but this wasn't really chicken salad.
It was just plain chicken with a little mayo, not worth the $9 price.
Our arnold palmers which were about $4 each didn't include fresh lemonade, it came from a carton which is fine but not for that price.
Chestnut is really cute and might be a place where I would grab a coffee every once in a while, but I can't see myself coming back here often as there's tastier and more reasonably priced options in the area.
This was not worth the $30 for lunch for two.

Great sandwiches and salads

My friend and I went to Chestnut for the first time today for lunch and I think it has great potential.
Since it's in Arcadia, parking is a challenge of course, but there is a valet option.
The atmosphere is lively and bright.
You order at the counter and then you are given a number and your food is brought to you at your table.
We sat outside which was nice but a little noisy since you're facing Camelback.
I had the lobster roll which is wonderful!
As another reviewer mentioned, it is not the typical mayo-based lobster roll.
There is a wonderful spicy remoulade which doesn't overpower the lobster and it's on a very good toasty baguette.
The prickly pear iced tea is also very good.
My friend had the Ficelles which is the prosciutto and brie sandwich and she said it was "just ok".
We both agreed that the best part of the experience were the chocolate chip cookies, don't leave without indulging in one (or more) of those.
I'll definitely be back to try some other items and to get more cookies!

I love to see new places open up in the 'hood so I was excited to try out this new spot.
The decor and ambiance is awesome.
The desserts and pastries look delish and I cannot wait to try the Banana Bread Pancakes.We were there for lunch and the salads my mom and I were great and the prickley pear ice tea was delish.
The one thing that was not so good was the price.
$34 for 2 for lunch is a bit high.
Perhaps we needed to tell them we didn't want the Big Gulp sized drinks and we could have saved $5.
The food was good and really pretty, I just would order less or go for breakfast so I don't break the bank.
I'm not used to spending a lot on lunch I guess.
I also think the organization and flow could be better.
As first timers we weren't able to see a menu other than the chalkboard and we were in the front of the line.
We weren't really ready to order yet we were first already.
So you have to figure it out fast or already know what you want.
I think even just putting a stand next to the door with the paper menus would have helped.
They don't do much sitting next to the register.
Since they just opened 2 weeks ago I'm sure they will work out the kinks.
We will definitely come back for breakfast or dessert.
I would give this place 3.5 stars if possible.

My 2nd time eating here- fun and bright with great food and service.
As a vegetarian I have tons of options and brought a "glutton free" friend who also had no trouble finding something to eat.
They serve Cartel coffee which is amazing!

I love Chestnut.
The chicken salad is pure white meat and not smothered in mayo or added fillers...just pure quality chicken.
The green goddess salad is amazing.
I ordered it with the noodles heated.
The baked oatmeal is delicious-a daily must have.
The pastries are baked fresh.
My favorites are the chocolate chip cookies and maple oat scones.
Well worth the calories!
I love the atmosphere and the fact you can order at the counter and not have to wait for a server to take your order.
The staff is friendly and willing to please.
Chestnut is an added bonus to the Arcadia area.

Went back for the banana bread pancakes.
They taste like a blend of oatmeal and cardboard.

I went there this morning and it was a big mistake not to order from the menu!
I'm not into a lot of sweets and the oatmeal is just like the Olive and Ivy's, so thought I'd try something simple like 1 scrambled egg and toast.
You'd think there would be a nice plate with a fluffy scrambled egg and crispy toast, no , just two poor plates:one  with 2 so so eggs and one with a piece of warm bread.
the waiter did ask if I wanted something on the "bread" and I asked for butter, he delivered practically frozen butter.
coffee was strong almost bitter.
yes, parking is difficult depending on what way you are coming in.
ambiance is nice, otherwise there are many other options in the area.
and I'm surprised after the big build up in the Arcadia News that the owner isn't answering any of the yelp comments.
I should know better: you have to order the specialties, they can't do simple.

Had a meeting downtown Phoenix with a colleague and we decided to head over to Chestnut for lunch!
We loved the concept!
They took an old bank and transformed it into a clean & healthy eatery with a very nice ambiance.
My colleague and I both had the Butternut squash soup for starters, followed by the Lobster Cobb and the Green Goddess salads and all was amazing.
We were also told to try the blended drinks and both tried the "Bruce Lee" which was excellent & loved the punch it had in it.
They have tons of sweets which I took home to my wife, coffees, teas a breakfast menu, a small flower shop inside as well a kids corner along with a kid menu!
Going to take my wife over the weekend only wish it was closer to the West Valley!
Bravo and again congrats Chestnut!
We just loved it... Merci

The owners obviously gave significant thought to the concept and design;  unfortunately the food fails to reflect the necessary level of excellence required to compete in this wonderful neighborhood bastion of great restaurants that has been developing in recent years.
The grilled cheese was on two thick slices of tasteless bread and the cheese and tomatoes were flat.
Most importantly, the grilled cheese was not really even grilled.
A good grilled cheese should be beautifully golden and melty and crispy;  but this was not the case here, instead it was pasty and lacked flavor.
The quinoa salad had very little quinoa;  it would be better characterized as an arugula salad with quinoa.
A true quinoa salad is a plate of quinoa with mixed dried fruit.
We ate a bite or two and left.
No one noticed our dissatisfaction and seemed like a bunch of young servers running around like chickens without heads and no front of the house management.
Very disappointing and will be surprised if this place makes it with a gem like The Henry, which recently opened across the street.

I was so excited to see this open as I was a regular at Chestnut Lane and I live in the neighborhood, so today I decided to visit.
First of all, not same owner.
So I stayed and ordered a $9.00 egg salad sandwich.........bread a little hard.
But the kicker was the $6.00 "Lavender Honey" coffee.
I take responsibility of not knowing how much drink was as I looked at the menu board and not the actual menu.
When I questioned the cost ..I was told well it is served in a large cup.
Yes it is, and I got maybe 6oz watery coffee with pretty foam .
If you are going to charge $6.00 for a coffee/latte whatever  don't serve it in a 20 oz cup.
And I do know it is a 20 oz.
cup.
I went home with my big cup/tiny drink and brewed a cup with my Keurig..........still tasted watery.
I was told 2 different stories about the drink.
The owner (I think) offered to refund me my money.
I did not take it.
I won't be back.
You don't need my money or business.....

Such an adorable restaurant and what a bonus- the food is fantastic!!!
I love the spin the owners took on this menu; there is a little bit of everything for any type of eater.
I personally fell in love with two things my first time there and I cannot get enough of them, the Lobster Roll and the Bonh Mi.
One would more than likely picture a Lobster Roll in Scottsdale as some canned lobster with mayo on a sub, but not here!!
Chestnut served it with huge chunks of fresh lobster with an amazing sauce that has a bit of kick to it.
(PS- I would kill for the recipe)!
The Bonh Mi is something that I have never had anywhere.
My husband has been to Asia multiple times though so he was excited to try.
When I took a bite of his I was in heaven!
The chicken mixed with the pickled onions, cilantro and spicy mayo was such a great combo.
My husband said it compared to what he has had overseas.
Staff is kind and helpful.
Restaurant super clean and the decor is cool modern with a rustic twist.
Can't wait to return

The best new neighborhood restaurant to grab a delicious latte (the honey lavender is AMAZING) or short rib "manwich" with a side of savory sweet potato chips and homemade  spicy pickles.
(my husbands favorite).
While dining,  I picked up a beautiful garnet calla lily plant for a friends birthday in the flower shop and a homemade slice of nutella cake.
Just what we needed in this area!

A friend of mine took me in for lunch for the first time.
The atmosphere is very cute, open and bright, not was what I was expecting from the outside view.
Staff was friendly and helpful as soon as we walked in.
I ordered the Chestnut Chopped Salad and loved it.
The chicken was a little dry but overall a lot of flavor.
Look forward to going again!

had breakfast here last weekend and I liked it very much.
Coffee was very good (Cartel), food was creative, FAST delivery and hot.
poached eggs with prosciutto, fresh arugula and pesto drizzle - YUM.
Brian, the chef came out to ask us what we thought and spent a lot of time chatting with us.
I hope for a long, bright and successful future for this restaurant!

What a fabulous improvement to what was once a sad, empty corner building!
Chestnut is bright, modern, yet vintagey and cozy at the same time.
The staff is so nice, and the food is delicious.
I had the lemon and ricotta waffles, and will definitely be ordering them again.
The floral area is beautiful and convenient to grab a quick bouquet and the kids area is a welcome sight for parents who want to be able to go out to eat with their kids.
Hoping Chestnut will be around for a long time!

Limited menu, confusing set up.
Baked goods (muffin at least) dry and grainy.
Order delivered to table in spurts.
Waiter came by twice asking if we had ordered a smoothie.
Finally had to go back to the counter to get the muffin we ordered.
Had a sand I with bacon.
Egg was cooked perfectly, bacon was well done and flavorful, English muffin was disappointing.
If they make it through the first year I'll be surprised.

Excited about a new breakfast place and had to try.
Very disappointed!
I had the "Sandi"  -  the eggs were cold and it was extremely dry with no flavor.
Ordered the carrot muffin too (which was never brought to our table - we had to chase it down)  which was stale and tasted like cardboard.
We were not given water which I would think would be a given.
Overall not good and I won't be going back....too bad!

A group of six of us went for brunch today and loved it!
Atmosphere is wonderful and food was delicious.
I loved the banana bread pancakes and my girlfriend LOVED the lemon ricotta waffles.
Also tried the lavender honey iced latte and it was great.
The service was friendly and upbeat, food came very fast, and the chef checked on our table multiple times.
What a great addition to a wonderful neighborhood, we'll be back!

Nice atmosphere, coffee and bacon.
The English muffin wasn't very good nor was the $10 juice.

I really wanted to like this restaurant and I hope the feedback I provide may help this darling newcomer to my neighborhood improve.
Before I begin, I must say that the breakfast was very tasty and the banana pancakes and pecan bars were outstanding!
BUT, here's what I observed this morning that can hopefully change in the near future: 1.
It's unclear which counter you order from at first.
The North entrance from the parking lot gets filled with a long line until one finds they could have slipped around the corner and ordered at the other registers.
There's a hanging light fixture impeding the view of the hanging menu at the North entrance.
Should be moved to the right.
Why on earth do I have to wait 8 minutes after waiting in line to get a simple drip coffee?
Drip coffees should be out in the open next to the creams and sugar.
Instead, you have to order your coffee at the counter, receive an order number that you place on top of your table and wait for eight minutes for your waiter to give you the coffee.
Then, if you want cream you have to get up from the table and go to the counter that has creams and sugars.
Very tedious system for a simple cup of Joe.
The English muffins on the breakfast dishes aren't toasted - or if they are, only for 5 seconds.
Not very good.
I ordered the ricotta waffles on a Sunday morning and was told they ran out!
That's odd that a place opened for breakfast and lunches would run out of waffle batter on a weekend morning!
Wouldn't you stock the kitchen with extra ingredients or have someone run out to a store or call a vendor if you were running low?
The place needed an extra pop of color other than the gray and yellow.
More green plants or single red tulips in small vases would add more warmth and charm.
The Benedict -style pesto eggs and prosciutto dish over English muffins  was excellent but I would have loved a little side of hollandaise.
The kitchen didn't have any.
Bike rack please!
There's no place to lock bikes to in the front.
Maybe I just didn't see them.
I sincerely hope to be delightfully surprised next time I visit the Chestnut, though I don't think I'll be back for a while.

Another fast-casual restaurant choice now open in my 'hood... hooray!
Chestnut Fine Foods & Provisions has actually been open just over a month to date, but I waited a couple of weeks to check it out... and while I've been in only a few times so far, I will definitely be returning... and likely soon.
They carry Cartel coffee and MJ bread, and Camelback Flower Shop is conveniently located in the same building.
During my visits, I sampled the Lobster Cobb Salad, the Bruce Lee, a blueberry muffin, and the Apple Apple (apple and pineapple juice).
Additional Pros: *clean and bright ambiance with yellows and whites, flowers, and more *free wifi *friendly staff *kids area with a chalkboard, table, markers and paper + a great kids menu for both breakfast and dinner *a spacious outdoor dining area *a variety of options on the menu from fresh squeezed juices and pastries, sandwiches and salads *open daily 7am -7pm *spacious and clean restrooms  Things to work on / keep in mind: -they were out of "It's Not Easy Being Green," the special kids' juice that I wanted to order for my son when I was there -it's kind of funky with parking unless you're heading south on 44th street and pull into their entrance prior to hitting Camelback -- when I go, I am usually heading west on Camelback and end up having to park at the office complex next door -- on their website, it says they have complimentary valet though!
-the menu is diverse but kind of limited; they do not carry omelettes (egg whites or otherwise); I'm hoping they change this in the future!
Whether you head in for a cup of coffee or juice, a pastry, or a more substantial meal, and no matter if you're solo or meeting a friend or dining with a group, Chestnut is a comfortable new addition to the 'hood.

Unique and interesting menu, all freshly made.
The salads are fantastic.
Very open and airy with patio seating on Camelback Road.
Cartel coffee and freshly made juices are a great addition to the breakfast menu.
The staff told us a Happy Hour is coming soon.
Great location.

Bummed that I didn't have a good first impression.
Ordered the Bahn?
Chicken sandwich.
The chicken was super dry and tasteless.
The roll is a plain white sub roll.
Not even a good one.
May give it another shot.
The salads looked good.
It is pricey too.

I really wanted to like this restaurant and I hope the feedback I provide may help this darling newcomer to my neighborhood improve.
Before I begin, I must say that the breakfast was very tasty and the banana pancakes and pecan bars were outstanding!
BUT, here's what I observed this morning that can hopefully change in the near future: 1.
It's unclear which counter you order from at first.
The North entrance from the parking lot gets filled with a long line until one finds they could have slipped around the corner and ordered at the other registers.
There's a hanging light fixture impeding the view of the hanging menu at the North entrance.
Should be moved to the right.
Why on earth do I have to wait 8 minutes after waiting in line to get a simple drip coffee?
Drip coffees should be out in the open next to the creams and sugar.
Instead, you have to order your coffee at the counter, receive an order number that you place on top of your table and wait for eight minutes for your waiter to give you the coffee.
Then, if you want cream you have to get up from the table and go to the counter that has creams and sugars.
Very tedious system for a simple cup of Joe.
The English muffins on the breakfast dishes aren't toasted - or if they are, only for 5 seconds.
Not very good.
I ordered the ricotta waffles on a Sunday morning and was told they ran out!
That's odd that a place opened for breakfast and lunches would run out of waffle batter on a weekend morning!
Wouldn't you stock the kitchen with extra ingredients or have someone run out to a store or call a vendor if you were running low?
The place needed an extra pop of color other than the gray and yellow.
More green plants or single red tulips in small vases would add more warmth and charm.
The Benedict -style pesto eggs and prosciutto dish over English muffins  was excellent but I would have loved a little side of hollandaise.
The kitchen didn't have any.
Bike rack please!
There's no place to lock bikes to in the front.
Maybe I just didn't see them.
I sincerely hope to be delightfully surprised next time I visit the Chestnut, though I don't think I'll be back for a while.

My friend and I had lunch at newly opened Chestnut Fine Foods on Thursday, Jan. 23.
I had the grilled cheese and the menu description sounded better than the sandwich actually tasted.
It was mediocre at best.
It was accompanied by sweet potato chips that were tasteless.
Also, they promote the "farm to table" concept but the tomato on the sandwich had no real flavor either.
There was also a small side dish of cucumbers in a tangy marinade.
The patio faces Camelback Road which is extremely noisy because of all the traffic.
We did not sit out on the patio, but the doors were wide open and I felt like we had to talk loudly to hear each other over all the traffic noise.
Not very relaxing.
Their menu was not all that different from other restaurants in the area and I doubt that I will go back there.
Also, because of the design of the cafe, it is difficult to know where to go to place your order and a bit confusing.
Also, is anyone else TIRED of kale salad or quinoa yet???
I get  the "spin"  that  they are healthy for you, but neither one is all that great tasting.

As soon as I walked up, my eyes got a delightful feast from all the designer decor, delicious pastries, and cute cashiers.
However, after I got inside it was kind of hard to navigate and figure out exactly where to order, some signage is much needed.
This place is just starting out, and it's apparent.
The employees didn't seem to know the menu very well or how to navigate the POS systems.
We ordered breakfast and elixers.
It would have been nice if we got our drinks before we sat down, but we had to ask the food runner to locate them.
Also, no water when we sat down either, a must here in Arizona.
Now on to the food: It came out quickly and it looked fantastic.
We were able to set the other things aside because the food was so damn good.
I had a breakfast bowl with quinoa, poached eggs, kale, and chili sauce.
I've been on this crazy organic, vegan, no sugar, wanna kill myself because I just want a donut diet, but this is one of the few places in the valley that has fresh, healthy dishes.
My boyfriend had the banana bread pancakes with bacon.
OH MY LORD.
I just had a bite, but it was the most magical experience I've had all week.
Once Chestnut works out all the kinks, I think it's going to be one of the hottest breakfast/lunch spots.
Has a hip vibe and fantastic food.
I highly recommend.

I had high hopes for this new eatery.
Those hopes were dashed today.
First, the parking lot and parking are a pain in the butt.
I struggled through that because I wanted to try the place.
The menu is pretty lean, but decent options.
You order and then go sit and wait for your food to be delivered to your table.
Food came out quickly.
I had their version of a club sandwich.
The turkey abs bacon were good.
The bread was a bird's delight, but too seedy for me.
The tomatoes were blah.
It was served with house made sweet potato chips.
They were oily and most were not crisp.
I also received a small cup of cut cucumber in vinegar.
Hmm?
Traffic noise is intense and not a place you want to have a semi private conversion as you have to talk loudly to hear each other.
In fact, I thought about typing this in all caps so you could hear me over the traffic roar.
All in all, I would suggest going to one of the other nearby eateries.
There are many options that have better food, easy access and a pleasant atmosphere.

Have to say my first experience was not a great one of Chestnut.
Came here for two things, grab a latte and Camelback Flower Shop.
One, the flower shop was closed, not sure that makes any sense on a weekend.
I love the Camelback Flower Shop, but they really should be open on Sundays at Chestnut.
Second, and this is my reason for the 2 stars, the service is horrible here.
With only 2 of us in line how can ordering and receiving a latte take 20 minutes.
The staff runs around like they're lost and there is no communication.
Employees would rather talk to each other than acknowledge they have a customer waiting to order.
I really don't think I will ever go here again.
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.

If you want a great dining experience, don't go to Chestnut Fine Foods and Provisions in Phoenix.
Just don't.
You'll walk in to the breakfast and lunch spot, like I did on a recent Sunday morning, and you'll be greeted by a  crowd of people standing in disorganized lines to order -- not exactly a relaxing way to start your breakfast.
Then, they'll be out of your favorite drink -- in my friend's case, it was the Lavender Honey Iced Latte.
The person taking your order won't be friendly, just indifferent.
Even when you tip more than 20 percent at this order-at-the-counter eatery, don't expect great service.
The girl who delivers the coffee latte you had to settle on will scowl as she sets it down on your table, which, by the way, has no silverware or napkins.
Now, the fun part -- my pal and I waited 30 minutes for our food, watching as tables who sat down after us received theirs.
When my pal finally asked what was up, we found out our ticket had been "burned" -- meaning the order had mistakenly been perceived as already delivered -- which means our food hadn't even started to be cooked.
This message was delivered by the sous-chef, who actually told my friend and I, "I'm delivering the food because everyone in the kitchen is messing up.
" If only that was followed by an, "And your meal is free because we're giving sucky service today.
"  My friend received her coffee 15 minutes before I got my orange juice, and when we finally got our food, the disappointing experience continued.
Sure, my Lemon Ricotta Waffles ($7.25) were OK, but my friend's Green Eggs and Ham ($7.50), she said, was horrible.
It came with poached eggs, prosciutto, pesto and arugula on an English muffin, and she said the English muffin was hard, the egg was runny, there wasn't enough pesto, and the ham was undercooked.
Even if I wasn't vegetarian, I would still think that was really gross.
Maybe we would have left with a better taste in our mouths if the people working at the Chestnut actually seemed like they cared about the people eating there.
For now, I'd recommend never going there.
Ever.

Chestnut just doesn't care.
Being the new kid on the block and set in a gorgeous location, Chestnut doesn't have to work hard.
And it shows.
My friend and I were excited to go to the hot new spot and left super disappointed.
Read about our ordeal here: http://www.nickialanoche.com/2014/01/30/do-not-go-to-chestnut-fine-foods-and-provisions-in-phoenix/

Wow!
Local moms you have to get here ASAP!
The food offerings look amazing.
I saw some grab and go that needs to be in my fridge- now.
However, I only came in for a quick cup of coffee.
The cashier encouraged me to try the lavender infused honey latte.
Amazing.
Great recommendation.
Both the owners were in there- wow!
What inspiring, kind and fantastic women.
Give this place a try!

I was so excited when Chestnut opened as alternative for lunch within walking distance of work.
Was still excited when on my first visit I bought scones for the office and they were absolutely amazing, albeit a bit spendy (I think I paid $20 for 6).
Not long after that we tried coffee for the office and it was terrible, very strong and bitter, even for the stronger coffee people in the office.
Next I tried a Billy Club to go - this was lackluster, the thick bacon was all piled in the middle of the sandwich and was very chewy and overpowering.
The sandwich definitely needed more dressing.
The sweet potato chips were way overcooked.
Today I was short on time and decided to try the egg salad - also disappointing, very bland and dry egg salad with little to no seasoning/dressing, like they just minced hard-boiled eggs and tossed them between bread.
At least the chips weren't overcooked, and while they aren't bad, they aren't worth the $9.75 I paid for the sandwich with chips (no drink).
I definitely don't care for the pickled cucumbers, they are very vinegar-y and also overpowering, but this may just be my taste.
Chestnut is terribly overpriced for the quality of food they are serving, and almost all the items I've ordered are on the low end of their price range.Feels more like they are trying to be a Biltmore Corridor bistro and trying way too hard.
Really would not recommend for a "wow" place to go - it's ok if you want overprice but bland food or are desperate for something other than AJ's salad bar or Jack in the Box.

We waited in anticipation for Chestnuts to open as we enjoy a great breakfast or lunch out in our neighborhood.
We had a guest in town, so we thought we'd give it a shot.
We were not prepared for the "order at the counter and scramble to try to get a seat" scenario.
There are only about 10 indoor tables.
Several patio tables, but too cold to sit outside.
We hovered over a table that was about to be vacated.
We were seated at least 10 minutes without any gesture for the table to be cleaned so we cleared the table ourselves.
We had to flag down a hurried waiter to bring us silverware.
No attempt was made to wipe or disinfect the table.
We scored the last table near the children's play area.
Seems like a good concept for parent's of small children.
Two toddlers were placed there to eat their breakfast from the low (filthy) play table.
From watching the children eat with their hands and then touching the toys, it seemed like a breeding ground for bacteria.
Our 2 lobster rolls and club sandwich came in a timely manner.
The lobster rolls which were overly doused with spicy remoulade drowned out any flavor of the lobster.
The club sandwich was overly toasted and very bland.
A stark contrast from the spiceness of the lobster roll!
I asked for a side of mayonnaise just to give it some taste.
The maple bacon was the only salvation on the sandwich.
The atmosphere of the restaurant is noisy and hurried.
Not conducive to a leisurely relaxing breakfast or lunch (especially with customers waiting to snatch the next available table.
Sorry to say that we were disappointed and won't be back.

Friendly staff, delicious food and great atmosphere.
Came on a Sunday morning, the place was busy but not overcrowded.
The baked oatmeal is hands down the best I've ever had.

No one greeted me at the door to explain how the place works, but I figured it out.
Order first, then sit and they will bring you your food.
That's it for customer service.
After paying $16 for the lobster Cobb salad I realized they forgot to put the avocado on.
There was no one around to help me unless I took the dish back up to the counter and waited in line again.
So I ate it without, no biggie.
The salad was okay.
Not $16 worth, just okay.

When a family member suggested this place to meet for lunch, I was almost afraid to come after reading horrible reviews.
I believe that those lowly reviews were given a little too prematurely considering the place just opened.
When we arrived, we were pleasantly greeted by staff.
I got a green goddess salad and a gardener juice.
The veggies were freshly cut and tasted robust.
My husband ordered the lobster cobb salad that he enjoyed.
His daughters got the chestnut chopped salad that tasted delicious.
All our salads just had the right amount of dressing allowing you to taste the freshness of the organic ingredients.
Seating is quite limited inside but they do have several tables at their patio area.
They also have a flower shop in the restaurant.
Before we left we ordered chocolate chip cookies to go after hearing how good they were.
They were not greasy and a great munchy ;) please check my photos for ingredients of our salads.
You will want to try their food out after viewing them.
Give them a chance.
These little places serving healthy meals are quite beneficial to the community and bad reviews could cause a loss in business that not only hurt business owners but employees as well.
Please check them out yourselves before forming an opinion although I would stay away from anything with the English muffin that had been consistently bashed.
Here's a link to their menu:  http://chestnutaz.com/ChestnutMenu.pdf

So nice to have a restaurant in Arcadia that is bright, beautifully designed and different!
The food is fresh, interesting... and healthy.
As a vegetarian they offer many choices, including the 5 Spice Banh Mi, which is one of the best sandwiches I have eaten in any city (it is actually spicey!).
After living in NY, LA, SF and Miami this place has the feel of a great neighborhood restaurant in one of those cities.
The owners are almost always there and the staff is very friendly.
Any kinks from just opening have been addressed quickly (lots of new signage, etc) and they really listen to their clients.
Great kids menu, too!

The Arcadia neighborhood needed some new brunch spots, and Chestnut has claimed a prominent spot in my brunch & coffee neighborhood rotation (disclaimer: I am not a fan of The Henry due to dismal service and lackluster food).
It is also a great place for casual working breakfasts/lunches with colleagues.
Fantastic coffee (coffee beans supplied by Cartel, which is rare to find in this area), with the Honey Lavender Latte rating as my favorite coffee beverage in the neighborhood these days.
Manny, the primary barista, is very friendly and talkative - and makes delicious coffees.
The juices are also great, I have been ordering the Bruce Lee (with Cayenne pepper) a lot recently to help fend off the cold and flu that has been circulating in the Valley.
The food is delicious, with interesting new renditions of old classics and fantastic innovations, adding a spicy asian twist to some dishes.
The names of the dishes are also very fun.
I usually order brunch regardless of the time of day -- the waffles and pancakes are both terrific, and the Sandi with Bacon is always a go to item for a savory brunch craving.
And if you see the strawberry muffins, definitely try one.
They don't appear daily and they are delicious.
For lunch, the lobster roll is fantastic.
Two sisters own the place and are frequently seen walking around, saying hi to their customers.
They are very nice and always greet me and my friends that I bring here.
They did a fantastic job with the design, the place is very bright and airy with warm colors and inviting decor.
It is a great place to have a few coffees and work at the bar for a few hours.
Regarding some of the negative comments -- are there issues that can yield problematic dining experiences?
Yes there can be.
It is still a new place working out the kinks and service sometimes suffers as a result.
While it has never happened to me personally, I have seen it happen to other diners around me.
However in my experience the staff always works to rectify errors if you explain the problem and give them the chance.
They will be opening happy hour in the next few weeks and I look forward to seeing their wine list and drink concoctions when they debut!

I really wanted to like this restaurant and I hope the feedback I provide may help this darling newcomer to my neighborhood improve.
Before I begin, I must say that the breakfast was very tasty and the banana pancakes and pecan bars were outstanding!
BUT, here's what I observed this morning that can hopefully change in the near future: 1.
It's unclear which counter you order from at first.
The North entrance from the parking lot gets filled with a long line until one finds they could have slipped around the corner and ordered at the other registers.
There's a hanging light fixture impeding the view of the hanging menu at the North entrance.
Should be moved to the right.
Why on earth do I have to wait 8 minutes after waiting in line to get a simple drip coffee?
Drip coffees should be out in the open next to the creams and sugar.
Instead, you have to order your coffee at the counter, receive an order number that you place on top of your table and wait for eight minutes for your waiter to give you the coffee.
Then, if you want cream you have to get up from the table and go to the counter that has creams and sugars.
Very tedious system for a simple cup of Joe.
The English muffins on the breakfast dishes aren't toasted - or if they are, only for 5 seconds.
Not very good.
I ordered the ricotta waffles on a Sunday morning and was told they ran out!
That's odd that a place opened for breakfast and lunches would run out of waffle batter on a weekend morning!
Wouldn't you stock the kitchen with extra ingredients or have someone run out to a store or call a vendor if you were running low?
The place needed an extra pop of color other than the gray and yellow.
More green plants or single red tulips in small vases would add more warmth and charm.
The Benedict -style pesto eggs and prosciutto dish over English muffins  was excellent but I would have loved a little side of hollandaise.
The kitchen didn't have any.
Bike rack please!
There's no place to lock bikes to in the front.
Maybe I just didn't see them.
I sincerely hope to be delightfully surprised next time I visit the Chestnut, though I don't think I'll be back for a while.

Have been now 3 times and enjoyed but now they are constantly RUNNING OUT of stuff so two stars is the best I can give.
Not worth the price!!

Perfect place for a post hike lunch!
Sat on the patio and had the Chestnut Chopped and Green Market Goddess juice.
Staff was friendly and helpful.
Look forward to my next visit!

Long wait to order.
Confusing set up with two entrances.
Out of ricotta waffles on a Saturday morning???
Ordered banana pancakes instead and was told only after we sat down and had been waiting over ten minutes that there would be a longer wait since they've ran out of pancake batter.
30 min later they brought them out!
I normally would have just cancelled the order but I hadn't tried the restaurant out yet and was curious.
When they appeared, there were two small pancakes.
$8 for two small pancakes and some bacon.
Lame.
They could have apologized or say hey, pancakes are on us but it didn't appear they we're phased by keeping a customer waiting 40 minutes and not apologize?
The food over all was good but not worth the wait.
Coffee isn't that great.
My friend and I thought it tasted sweet and odd.

I'm not sure if this is the same as the old chestnut lane across the street or not but the old one had these awesome chocolate chip cookies and they are trying to make the same one and I have had them twice and they are not the same, sad for me.
I will still probably try them again though as I dream of the old ones sometime when i am craving some cookie action.
Went in here a few times just seems a little strange, did look over to the right and noticed food all over the floor in the kitchen which seemed strange for such a place.
Saw a tasty looking loaf of coffee cake on the counter with no price marked, lady at the counter said embarrassingly, 32.00 dollars, and I put the cake back on the counter.
Never heard of such a thing.
We also got some muffins that seems like they needed help like the cookies.

I love that a couple of AZ gals have the moxie to set up shop on a piece of prime real estate without any real restaurant operations experience.
I really would love to have a new quality-driven spot to grab coffee and lunch in the area.
The food was good, and I like the design of the space.
Now for some feedback.
$3.75 for a cup of black coffee is absurd.
It's absurd for NYC, absurd for SF, and especially absurd for PHX.
I know it's Cartel coffee, and I respect that; but, at Cartel, Blue Bottle, and Intelligencia, your coffee is made to order.
And it's fantastic.
Even if the big batch of thermos coffee was fantastic (it did not taste like the Cartel I know and love), $3.75 for drip is not alright.
It would be helpful to have a coffee & food menu at both pay points.
It'd make ordering easier for your guests and quicker for you guys to execute.
However, you'd probably be selling far fewer drip coffees with your prices out in the open.
I know I would have opted for an Americano.
Also, those little milk bottles for cream, soy, and almond milk are so cute, but so messy!
My life-long vegetarian friend got the GF pancakes, after being informed that the waffles were not an option due to a broken waffle maker.
The pancakes were delicious, but a small portion.
What she did not find delicious was the bacon on her plate!
You gotta warn the veggies about any dead animals that are paired with their otherwise cruelty-free meal.
She could have been a big pain about this, but she's got bigger seals to save.
One last thing, get your staff to buy in!
Coming from someone who has spent a lot of time working in restaurants, some of which happen to be your competition, you guys need a service manager to help you out.
When I asked the employee at the register what to have for breakfast, she shyly said, "Well, normally I'd say the waffles, but our machine is broken.
I haven't tried anything else.
" What?!
There were many tables to be bussed, and employees just seemed to breeze by them.
"Full hands in, full hands out!
"  If you say it enough, your people will have work dreams about maximizing their steps.
Treat your people as your awesome team, and they will start acting like one.
Educate, empower, and invest in your staff.
Give them the tools to guide your guests' experiences.
And quit it with this overpriced and poorly made drip coffee.
Hey, at least I'm not complaining about...   parking.

This place seems to have a couple bad reviews here and there.
This place was just fine on a Friday afternoon at lunch time (along with a crowd of worker bee's getting their lunches)   Food was tasty, atmosphere was just fine (maybe a tad bit noisy) but overall a place to at least visit a couple times to get a good feel for it.
A bit pricey for what you get.
(Ordered a club sandwich and my girlfriend got a sandwich along with a pomegranate drink and a coffee iced drink she got) all for just under $30.

Very average.
Seemed disorganized as far as where to order.
Waited an exceptionally long time for my latte.
Menu not very exciting and little options if you would like to go gluten free.
LGO is a better choice for options and atmosphere.

Best gluten free pancakes ever!
Served with glazed bacon yum!!!!
Service is excellent and everything coming out if the kitchen looked fantastic!

Second time here.
This place lost a star because they implemented valet parking.
[prepare for small rant] Valet parking for this size of restaurant is the dumbest thing they could have done.
I understand the girls who own this place want to pretend this place is nicer than it is, but it's not valet parking nice.
There are literally 8 parking spots!
The dirty chai is really good  and the oatmeal is one of the best I've had.
The bacon is candied, I personally am not a fan of that.

Have been driving by this place for quite a while and was curious how the restaurant was.
Ate lunch there after church on a Sunday afternoon place was very busy.
Very trendy and happening place with loud music.
The decor is very simple but quaint and not a very large dining area.
The parking is a little awkward to get in and out  The food has very nice concepts but misses the mark on taste and flavor.
Shared the banana bread pancakes and lobster roll.
The banana bread pancakes had pretty good taste but the syrup was terrible in taste.
The lobster roll was pretty good but for $16.00 was questionable whether was worth it.
The housemaid chips that accompany the mail looked better then they tasted.
Most of the dishes are fairly simple but the ones that we had just did not hit the mark.
Probably will not come back with all the restaurants in the area that are so good.

I had the pancakes with 2 eggs over easy and my wife had the lobster salad.
Both were excellent and came out quickly and looking delicious.
The patio is nice but the seating inside is comfortable.
Even has a community table that gave the place a homey feeling.
We can only give this place our highest compliment, "We will be back.

Good food!
I usually go in for the prosciutto breakfast sandi and some granola.
Great food, they just need to nail down the consistency with the food... That will come with time!
Coffee is good, just wish they had a well trained barista/coffee lover.
That really makes the coffee, especially with the creative designs, I love those!
Overall great breakfast spot!

Great atmosphere and even better food!
I love that I can bring my kiddos and they have a space to be creative while I have lunch with friends.
It's everything I could want in a neighborhood family-friendly restaurant!
The food is health conscious and tasty and I love that they've paired with Cartel coffee--it's truly a one stop shop!

It is wonderful going to a breakfast spot in Arcadia/Biltmore at 10:30a on a Sunday, and it is not chock full of diners.
I love that I can order my entire meal at the counter, while being dazzled by their selection of Tammy Coe pastries and various other home baked goods, such as the decadent Almond Croissant (of which our party had 3).
It is nice getting my daily juice fix with their "Green Market Goodness" with kale, cucumber, orange, lemon and olive oil and satisfying my sweet tooth with the Lemon Ricotta Waffles (honey ricotta cheese and blueberry compote).
My favorite savory selection here is the "Sandi" with gruyere, arugula, truffle aoli, egg, and choice of meat.
The wide open space that lets in the natural light on all sides, the centralized pastry bar, the flower shop in the corner, the coffee and juice bar by the door, the kids corner where your little ones can entertain themselves while you order another Cartel coffee,  the outdoor seating, the low level of noise generated by other customers, the cool beats heard overhead, I thoroughly enjoy this spot for breakfast.

Had the five spice banh mi today.
My chicken was RAW.
I asked to speak to a manager and was refunded for that purchase, but he seemed unconcerned and neglected to offer anything else.
I love the coffee and the concept but the kitchen seriously needs work.

Great location and good atmosphere, but over priced and the food is nothing special at all.
The salads looked ok, but the sandwiches are boring - I even had to asked for some kind of dressing for my turkey sandwich after they brought it out dry.
I would've rather made lunch at home.

Great food and great service.
The baked oatmeal is amazing, has great flavors and is not something I couldn't find anywhere else.
The waffles are great too.
My only complaint is that they used to squeeze their juice fresh (the Bruce lee is my go to, I stop by at least once a week to pick up) but they have changed it and have the juice pre-squeezed.
The best time to drink juice is within 10 minutes, so it loses a lot of the value I am looking for.
Won't be stoping by anymore for juice but I'll for sure be back from time to time for food.
They used to have great fresh baked goods (yummy banana chips) but they've added Tammy Coe which is a bummer because I can buy that anywhere these days.
Overall, great food, great atmosphere, and great service, I tell all my friends to try it!

I was there yesterday (Saturday) for an early lunch with a friend.
Got there at around 10:50, and there was no line.
As we were looking at the menu an employee walked by and asked if we had any questions, and made some suggestions.
I ended up getting the Chestnut Chopped and my friend got the Ultimate Grilled cheese, and they made it w/o tomato for her.
Service was pretty fast, only took about 7 or 8 minutes to get our food.
Actually we were in and out of there in about 40 minutes.
The salad was ok.
I love that it is packed with many different veggies, but there wasn't much kick to the dressing.
The grilled cheese according to my friend was tasty, she loved that it had so much cheese in it, and the sweet potato chips were good too.
It was nearly $30 for our meals and drinks, which I feel is on the pricey side for lunch.
But the service was prompt, everyone was really nice, and the place is really cute.
A good place to meet people and enjoy the atmosphere.
I definitely want to go back and try one of their breakfasts.

So this place is great.
Great location, nice clean decor, no waiter service (which is ok I guess).
So far my favorite items off the menu are the Lemon Ricotta Waffles and the Winter Grain Salad.
I would say stay away from the pancakes (a little too healthy for me, so flavor was lacking).
I tried the Bahn Mi which was ok. My friend had the egg salad sandwhich which I tasted and it was pretty good for egg salad (not my favorite thing), it wasn't too heavy on the mayo or the mustard.

Bottom line: the food is average for the vibe/price point they're going for here.
You're better off going to LGO for a better tasting option in the same genre.
I ordered an egg/bacon sandwich which was fine, but average.
My girlfriend's salad had old avocado and was generally bland and unexciting.
The chicken in the salad was particularly dry and unappetizing.
You can't spend more money on decorating and establishing the look of your restaurant's brand than you do on the food.

Second time I have been there.
Takes forever to order.
Then it takes even longer to get your food!
45 minutes for a waffle!
They say grab and go.
Not so much Probably won't go back

Unfortunately we were disappointed in Chestnut.
We gave them time to work out the kinks of a new spot but no such luck.
The food is below mediocre and had no flavor!
The waffles were like eating flour and water.
They bring each dish out individually which makes it awkward unless you are eating alone.
Numerous tables were complaining about the length of time it took to get items (30 minutes for flavorless waffles for us), the taste of the food, and the lack of silverware.
When the table next to us told the manager her response was " I  trying!
" What?!?!
Don't waste your time here unless you are going for a coffee and pastry (made outside by Tammy Coe and delightful).
Go to Carmels across the street or LGO instead.

When I first walked in I fell in love with the decor.
It is clean, fun, trendy and still felt high end.
There was only one couple in line in front of us and they let us order first because they could not decide what they wanted to eat.
The staff was nice, clean and had a hip vib.
We ordered and found a seat easily and our drinks came out right away.
I had the Sandi, a breakfast sandwich with honeyed bacon, cheese (I cant remember what type), arugula with an egg.
The flavors played off each other well.
I think for the type of food being served their price point is spot on.
The only thing I did not care for was the coffee, it is probably a great coffee for people who cream and sugar but not for black coffee, in my opinion.
Our food arrived in a timely fashion too.
There was a steady flow of customers and everyone seemed to be pleased.
I plan on trying it out again next time I am in the area.

Ordered "chestnut salad" Not fresh at all.
Every ingredient was about 2-3 days old resulting in a very disappointing lunch.
May try something else in the future cause the location is decent.

Stopped in for breakfast on a Saturday morning.
It wasn't too busy so we could order quickly.
Chose the smoked salmon plate and the baked oatmeal.
Both were good but the salmon needed more seasoning.
The oatmeal was really rich and we couldn't finish it but was quite flavorful.
Bought the butterscotch roll to go - really good!
The service was good but nothing special.
We'll be back...worthwhile spot to go to on a quiet weekend.

Chestnut baked oatmeal was divine!
Cinnamon apple compote, honeyed walnuts and creme fraiche, so, so, good!
Great vibe, sat out front on the patio, charming decor, great Cartel coffee, perfect way to start my week!

Cute place, food mediocre at best.
Decided to check it out when I was on my way to LGO.
Got the prosciutto & Brie sandwich which was only prosciutto and Brie and bread.
No figs, balsamic, Dijon or anything!
First time ever I have not enjoyed a sandwich with prosciutto on it.
Fresh sweet potato chips were good, but I was really hungry.
:(.
Btw, parking in this center is terrible so carpool if you must come here but I wouldn't suggest it.

Was driving by at lunch time with a bit of time to kill.
When I saw that they had juice I decided to stop in and try it.
I had a huge kale salad with pine nuts, romano cheese and dried currants.
It was fresh and I thought it was a unique offering.
Drank a cup of great coffee (from Cartel, I believe) and thoroughly enjoyed my Bruce Lee juice (carrot, ginger... Plus some other stuff).
Parking was no problem and they have a nice, albeit very noisy, patio seating area.
Staff was prompt, knowledgable and courteous.
Prices are in the higher end of the range for lunch, but really about the same as other restaurants of similar caliber.
I would definitely return and recommend to friends.

Definitely not worth the price.
Too many other good choices try the new Fox place across the street.
MUCH better than Chestnut.
Sorry to say

Great atmosphere with the Arcadia Phx touch!
I love the walk up counter idea and most food options are healthy and tasty!

I love this place!
It is truly my home away from home.
The bimbop bowl is amazing, chicken salad sandwich is a favorite ( and I normally hate chicken salad) and the blt is amazing too!
The cookies are to die for and my kids make me stop every time we drive by.
I've used them for catering many times and I'm always impressed.
Chestnut is an incredible addition to Phoenix and I'm so happy they are here.

A cute little industrial brunch spot with healthy breakfast and lunch options   Service is okay The girl at the front was very brief and didn't really explain how ordering/seating/beverages worked but we figured it out The menu is on your immediate right when you walk in and there are paper menus on the counter (tip) Complimentary water on the SW side of the counter-bar Our server was very nice  Today I had the egg salad sanny and it came with chips and pickled cucumbers  It was a pretty decent meal I thought I would expect more for the price but I guess it was the area  Also, there is a little kid section Don't get me wrong, I love kids But this restaurant doesn't seem very kid-friendly... Or at least that's what I think with the heavy steel chairs with that flooring...
There were many children there this morning and aside from the screaming and yelling...
The kids were rearranging furniture and such... My main concern being the chairs and tables... Not very kid-safe...
I am not sure how I feel about this place, it's cute, perhaps I will give it another go soon...   Stay tuned Yelp

I work next door to Chestnut and would walk there for coffee/lunch from time to time, the food is average and no complaints on the food.
The coffee service on the other hand... not the best.
I've waited over 20 minutes for coffee on more than one occasion, I didn't mind so much because I work so close and it would have been the same amount of time if I were to drive else where for coffee.
What really irked me was today, I walked over there for a coffee at 2:00pm and the girl working the coffee stations refused to make me anything because they closed at 2pm.
When I last looked, they closed at 4pm.
I would have been okay with it, but the cashier was extremely rude towards me and there was someone ahead of me and she took her order, but not mine.
I understand hours of operations may change, but if she was polite about it, I would have been a little more understanding.

My wife and I had lunch at Chestnut restaurant at 44th st and Camelback yesterday.
It was a terrible experience.
The staff in the back was very loud joking around and laughing.
They were stacking chairs and moving empty tables to prepare for end of day cleanup.
(They close at 2pm in the summer).
The manager was oblivious to what was going on.
The food was not much better than the staff!!
Go somewhere else!!!

