I was hoping to sit back and relax after a hectic weekend in Vegas, especially since my flight was delayed.
I was in the Southwest terminal and I believe it was the only non fast food option.
Waitress was prompt to greet me and I began looking at the menu.
The place is small because we are in an airport and I made the mistake of sitting near the door (it was seat yourself and the pickings were slim).
I got hit several times by people and their luggage.
The menu looked well enough and I decided to have something small.
I picked an order chile lime wings.
They arrived and it wasn't how I imagined.
It said they were served on a Mexican salad but I didn't expect pickled cabbage and carrots as well as fresh spinach.
The wings were also served with sour cream.
I decided to give it a try but by wing three I realized they were still covered in feathers and that what I thought was just crunchy gristle on the second was actually feathers.
I showed my waitress who apologized and offered to get me a new plate but I was too grossed out and declined.
There was no manager on duty.
The only reason they get 2 stars instead of 1 is because the waitress was so attentive.

I give this place a 3 stars based on the service alone.
The waiter was very attentive and helpful.
I wasn't too fond of the food.
I ended up getting the chicken strips, not bad, but nothing special.
It came with a sauce that resembled ranch dressing.
It had quite of bit of chicken that was easily split among two people.
It came with fries which had parmesan cheese on it, but the fries weren't very hot, so the cheese didn't melt.
This place is pretty busy and I mostly assume because it is the first restaurant before all the others.
Not sure if I would go back again, it was nothing special (food wise).
Again, the service was great!

This place needs to be blown up and started all over.
Wait staff isn't very friendly, the bar tender who is covered in tattoos sucks.
It's obvious he doesn't want to be there, and provides the absolute bar minimum of service.
In ordered the old salad on the menu.
The salsa looks a few days old.
The guacamole is a weird shade of green - obviously been out in the air too long.
I added chicken - it was cold?
Fresh off the grill - no way

Sat at the bar and the service was great.
Not too busy and a nice find away from the busy section of this terminal.
Quick food, drinks, and service.
The food was clean, fresh, and didn't make me sick.
That's all you can hope for with airport food!

Terrible food and mediocre service.
The nacho chips were from the bottom of the bag with a few whole ones on top to cover it up.
The server did bring us another plate after we mentioned it.
However it was a very small handful with now nacho cheese instead of melted cheese.
The chicken fingers were what we expected but thank goodness we got the hot sauce on the side... My daughter said it tasted like a shoe smells.
But worse were the fries that were as hard as a rock!
Definitely not worth 39 bucks.

Great service at this airport restaurant.
I had the eggs with queso fresco and it was good.
Ms. Wanda was our server and she was the nicest plus gave us great service in the AM!
They also had sugar free red bull which made it a plus.

If you're catching an early flight and looking for breakfast... Keep moving!
Trust me.
You'll soon regret stopping here as there are much better (and cheaper) breakfast options in the terminal.
Keep going.
30 bucks for two bland eggs and frozen potatoes entrees.
Yuck.
Bartender was nice so they get an extra star.

After looking at all my options, I decided to go to Sammy's.
The service was exceptional.
I was immediately greeted, and the bar tender was awesome with refilling my drink, and taking my order in a timely manner.
I ordered a breakfast burrito, which was average tasting.
I can't say it was the best, or worst I've ever had.
For being in the airport, I felt the price was pretty reasonable.
Next time I'm at the airport, I may chose a different option.
Only to compare with the experience I had.
Would I eat here again?
Yes!
The food wasn't horrible, clean and inviting atmosphere, and great service.
Had the food been a little better, and the price been a little lower....
I would have given them 4 or 5 stars.

The Pollo Bocadillo chix sandwich was surprisingly decent.
Chix tenders had too much batter and too salty.
Service is friendly and attentive.

I was sitting on dirty table and the burger didn't taste like real meat, the salad was not worth the high price.

Sat at the bar as I needed to grab some food before my flight.
I regret not going to the food court next door.
The bartender, Dean, was just completely inept and unable to do anything correctly.
A diner next to me had to ask for his beer three times before receiving it.
I ordered a simple burger from their menu, but received something completely different.
I'm not sure if he was just having an off day, but I should not receive someone else's order and my own incorrect order.
Not to mention the huge wait for food.
The food itself is nothing special.
I'd go elsewhere.

Well, what are you gonna do.. it's Vegas prices + Airport prices so quite expensive $15 for nachos with chicken and about $15 for a cheeseburger  The nachos were A-OK, cheese wiz, onions, black bean, guacamole, jalapenos and grilled chicken.
Fries were soggy and had some weird scary looking tasteless cheese on it.
Burger was the driest burger I've had the displeasure of eating.. but soaked in ketchup it is edible.
Not that you have many choices -- but if you wanna pay for overpriced food maybe just go for the overpriced fast food joints (KFC/BK/Wendys)

Skip and keep moving.
$15 for a rum and coke that tasted like water!
I have been all over Las Vegas and never spent that much for a rum and coke... Food was very ok. And service was just ok.
I would never go back nor tell anyone to even get a glass of water here.

The tattoo'd bartender is an absolute ass.
He ridiculed the customers sitting across from me.
He us rude and should not have a job in customer service!

