Stopped by brews brothers.
The beer selection is great!
On the negative side,  the place is very loud!
Deafeningly loud.
They need to do something to deaden the sound.
Also bright as day at 8 pm.
Way too bright.
Good for beer,  not good for atmosphere.

Been in Brews Brothers twice since they opened.
The first time I was in a hurry and thought I'd grab a quick burger.
After sitting there for over 5 minutes without even a hello or eye contact from the 4 people working there, I decided to go get a sandwich next door.
They weren't all that busy and there were 2 empty tables besides mine.
Figuring they were new and it was just growing pains I stopped by at 1:00PM today.
The first thing I noticed was the smell of fryer oil, strong used fryer oil.
Since the fryers are near the back I once again gave them the benefit of the doubt.
This time I sat at the bar and was eventually greeted, although one bartender looked at me twice without saying anything.
I asked what sodas they had and the response was "All of them".
They serve soda by the can ($1.00) and they have both Coke and Pepsi products.
I would have loved to have taken advantage of their decent draught selection, but I can't have alcohol at lunch where I work.
The menu is burgers and only burgers.
You can get a brat patty on your burger, but it has to be a burger.
Encouraged by the fact they say they use local meat, I gave it a shot.
I got the basic cheese burger with cheddar.
An interesting twist on their fries is that they offer 4 or 5 different seasonings for them.
I decided to try the parmesan garlic.
At $5.60 for the burger and $2.50 for the fries, this could have been a great bargain.
Unfortunately at this establishment you get what you pay for.
The burger itself was seasoned and cooked well however the bun they served it on reminded me of the cheap buns one used to get from the now defunct Wonder Bread outlet stores.
It may have been nicely toasted, but there's only so much you can do to enhance something like that.
The end result, a bun that barely holds together and gives the entire burger a mealy mushy mouth feel.
The fries were really disappointing too.
They're a hand cut style fry similar to the ones used at a place like Five Guys.
Unfortunately they were woefully undercooked and some were stuck together in clumps of 2-4 fries, so the centers were basically raw.
The seasoning didn't help much either.
Very bland, almost like one of those flavored popcorn seasonings.
As I was finishing up, I noticed that they were in the middle of changing their fryer grease.
When I was walking out, one of the cooks was toting an uncovered 5 gallon bucket of waste oil to the dumpsters out back.
The worst part of the experience is, now that I'm back in my office, I realize my sweater and hair smell like used fryer oil.
I was only in the place 45 minutes, but I smell like a grease trap.
It looks like this is the second location in WI for this company, the first being in Weston, WI (near Wausau).
This formula may work up there, but here in Madison there are an awful lot of places with extensive draught lists.
Without a great burger, great fries, or something special catering to the lunch crowd at the nearby businesses, they're going to have a tough go.
If they're still around in a year I might try them again, but I certainly won't be back soon.

We walked in an were immediately greeted by the bartender, and directed to sit wherever we would like.
Sunday, 1pm, so lot's of football games on the flat screen TV's.
Nice big windows, so lots of natural light in the place.
And WOW, what an amazing beer selection!!
More than 50 taps!
Plus 1919 Rootbeer on tap - I got a 20 ouncer, no ice.
Very yummy.
Not sure why the previous reviewer didn't see this on the menu when he was complaining about not having any options besides beer.
Also quite perplexed why the previous reviewer was hating on the burgers.
Ours were fantastic!!
The hubby got the blue cheese and bacon burger - he was quite impressed.
Perfectly cooked, not too much chz - just right, so that you can still taste the burger.
I got the veggie burger, California style with guacamole and roasted red pepper sauce.
Really good!!
It was a black bean burger - I think I saw some corn in it too.
Nice and crispy on the outside of the patty, not too mushy inside like some bean burgers are.
Both were on the same type of bun - old school, nice soft, melt in your mouth variety, which we thought worked perfectly with our burgers.
Very impressive to watch the cooks grab potatoes right in front of us, and cut them to order!
We got an order of fries (salt and pepper), and chips (parmesan garlic) - both were super yummy.
The fries were our favorite.
They have a number of flavorings options, but they are just powdered spice mixes - tasty, but we preferred the straight up salt n pepper.
Someone called in and ordered three California burger , fries and chips for takeout while we were there - happy to note that they didn't pack them in styrofoam!
Foil and paper bags.
We don't just hand out 5 star reviews, but can't think of one negative thing to say.
Staff was super friendly and helpful, ambiance pleasant, food fantastic, and the beer selection out of this world.
Plus, close to home and not too crowded (YET, until the word gets out!).
We will DEFINITELY be back.

Awesome craft beers on tap and burgers at Brews Brothers!
Fortunately walking distance to my house.
48 on tap!

Great beer selection.
Good burgers.
French fries cut to order if that's your thing.
I like mine a bit crispier.
Location opening closer to me in verona this year and I'll be a regular for the beer and burgers.
Their expansion plan is ambitious to say the least

Came here tonight with my boyfriend for the first time.
They only have fries and burgers, which was a little disappointing, but what can you expect when you come to a bar/pub?!
Regardless, the burger I ordered was very good.
The beer selection was excellent - several to choose from!
Ayme was our waitress and she provided nothing but excellent opinions on beers!
If you like blonde beer try the lips of faith by cigar city, and for darker beer drinkers try Tyranena Rockys Revenge.
Decently priced!
A flight of four beers (your choice) of seven ounces for only $8 is a steal, and the beers are great!
Toward the end of the night they got short staffed so service took longer than usual, but I understand things come up!
Would highly recommend!

I'll be back.
This is a bar, they have a ton of beer.
48+ taps.
It is the sole reason you should go to this place.
Got a burger, it was decent, bar food type burger-nothing fancy.
$3.50 pints during happy hour is amazing.
However...
It is brighter than the sun in that place, turn your lights down.
My clothes kind of smell like fry oil.
Does this place have ventilation?
I will be back, most likely for happy hour.
A couple beers and a burger are a very good bargain here.

A welcome addition to the neighborhood.
These guys know their niche and execute it well.
48 taps ranging from root beer and hard cider to a full selection of beers light to dark.
National brands and a nice selection of local craft brews.
Nice selection of burgers.
Tried the California Burger, awesome but a bit messy!
Love that they season the fries and homemade chips.
Open kitchen so if you want to watch your food being made sit at the bar.
Just watch out as parking can be a bit tight.

I have to say that this is probably one of my favorite spots now!
So here is the thing that everybody needs to know about Brews Brothers or what I want you to know...
When you think of Brew Brothers, don't think gourmet meal or anything.
Think, awesome burger and great beer with your friends after work and just letting the aches and pains of the day run through you like your 20oz beer does.
Now for Wisconsinites, here is why it is fantastic; BEER.
Beer, beer and more beer.
There are so many beer choices and GOOD beer choices that it takes me literally 5-10 minutes to decide.
It's cheap, plentiful, and delicious and there is a beer there for everybody (including cider for those not bold enough).
The food is better than I expected and REALLY good for a place, that I like to call, "a dive-chain.
" What do you mean Colin?!
You're not making any sense!
Well I mean, Brews Brothers is in fact a chain.
It's not a LARGE chain, with only two locations, but in the sense of the word it is.
Now the reason I call it a dive-chain is because it really isn't taking itself too seriously.
They really make you feel hey, grab a couple beers, have a burger, laugh with your friends, and we'll see you next week.
They exhibit their beers in front of you as you walk up to the bar as if it were a museum or parade of beer and it is something to be marveled at.
So many beer taps striving for your attention.
The greasy smell of burgers attacking your nose urging you to have one.
It is simply a relaxing place to go.
Staff?
INCREDIBLY friendly and really make you feel like a regular.
Now for those who know my posts etc.
They know I love it when a place makes you feel as though you've never left and thats exactly how they make you feel.
Now I REALLY really want to give this 5 stars but there are two big things that are nagging me.
The first is the location, it is in sort of an odd place which is in between a sub shop and salad shop with a Yoga studio upstairs in a strip mall.
It would be great if they were lucky enough to have a stand alone building but, such is life.
The second is that I feel in this age and in Madison, even a beer bar needs to offer some liquor.
I have had friends join me at this wonderful spot to be really disappointed that they didn't offer any sort of liquor.
They settled for cider (simply because they don't drink beer) which is crazy to most but I understood it.\  Simply put by their own slogan (on the back of their shirts, and yes, one that I bought...) "Brews Brothers: Where good people drink good beer"

As a lover of beer, this is a perfect place.
There are 47 different beers on tap and they do free samples of a few for you!!
Food was pretty good, you can watch your fries come from a potato, which means they can't be much more fresh.
Good service, and a nice atmosphere!!
I will return!
Oh and they have a loyalty program, which means I have an extra incentive to come back!

Visited 2/13/14 for drinks with coworkers.
Didn't grab food, but saw plenty of it heading to happy patron's tables.
+ Great atmosphere - dark wood, TONS of bar space, plenty of high-tops - Quite chilly inside + Lots of televisions for game watching + Excellent bathroom (clean, nice)  + Great beer selection; there's sure to be something for everyone + "Kill the keg" special pricing + Decent happy hour specials - Taps seem to have pressurization problem; every single tap pour was super foamy; bartenders really struggled with getting pours - Service was pokey as a result  Very pleased with this place.
I hope they get the tap delivery system dialed-in soon, because given the selection of brews and the general vibe of the place, I could see myself spending a lot of time here.
It's great to have an alternative to Eno Vino in the area.

Revisited earlier today with a friend - we had a few brews, appetizers, and food.
+ The tap line pressure problem is FIXED!
Perfect pours every time.
+ Super friendly staff - the bartenders were fantastic & super personable  + Tap list continues to change and evolve; it was significantly different from my last visit  + The food was excellent + Pub grub hit the spot - bacon, cheese, house made chips, scallions... yummo + Weston burger (homage to the home base) was stellar - really excellent + Sweet potato fries had excellent sweet potato flavor and were perfectly cooked + Sun's up burger was unreal  + Happy hour offers an incredible deal

i've worked in the service industry for years, i started coctailing when i was 17 at a restruant/bar at Pier 39 ...so let me tell you, the waitress that served us the night we went IS GOING TO KILL THIS PLACE!
SHE IS GOING TO MAKE PEOPLE LIKE ME NEVER COME BACK.
not being a huge beer consumer, and new to wisconsin, we were not sure which beer to order, but excited to try something new.
So what do you do when you don't know what to order; you ask the waiter/waitress what they recommend.
so we did.
and guess what she said...and i am not joking, "i'm not even 21, i don't know"- not  well whats popular is .....blah blah blah, or our biggest seller of IPA is....or if you like sweet try our cider or whatever.
OMG you are WORKING AT A PLACE CALLED" BREW BROTHERS"!!
a place that has a gazillon beers on tap.
the beer menu is more extensive than the burger menu!
LEARN IT!
GIVE A BETTER ANSWER.
also, she never came back to our table to ask if we wanted more water or more beer.
hello!
UPSALE!
it's your job to make money for the owner and make an awesome tip by keeping the customer full and happy.
as for the burger: the burger was good, home made patty on sweet hawaiian bread.
yum.
wouldn't say it was amazing..but it was really good.
this place is more straight burgers and fries.
their menu isn't extensive, but what they do offer is pretty good.
so i shared my feedback w/ the friend that recommended me to this place (she's been there 2ce) and told her about the waitress that was completely unhelpful, and she said that the first time she went, she had a great waitress that knew her beer, and the second time she went, sounds like she had the same waitress i had because she said the same line was used "I'm not 21 years old, i don't know".
-unacceptable.
i wanted to call the manager..but i figured if they care about their NEW business, they'll start reading the reviews on yelp.
at least you can only hope.

Pros: Good service, excellent draft beer selection, very tasty and fresh burgers and fries, several TVs  Cons: Burger patties are quite small (4.5 oz, too small for the bun they're served in), Beer prices are high ($7.00 for a 16 oz Satisfaction Jacksin) and they make no attempt to inform the customer of the varying prices on their draft list, Food selection is extremely limited (almost exclusively burgers and fries, no dessert options), Nothing to indicate the seating policy (is it seat yourself, or wait to be seated?
Hint: it's the former.
)  Overall, we enjoyed our visit.
While my "cons" list is longer than my "pros" list, I weight the "pros" more heavily.
Hence the four-star rating.
We will be back.

Little bit busy, but was well taken care of.
Beer selection was great, bartender complemented every selection.
Only problem was it is a burger place too, and too much bun for the burger.
Bun bites are bad.
Give me more meat.

A lot of the Yelp reviews seemed to center around poor or slow service, so I sat at the bar to up my chances of getting good service.
I had a very friendly waitress who let me try 2 of their beers, since the number of choices is a little overwhelming.
The menu is pretty small and all burgers (no wraps, no salads, no appetizers), but it also works in your favor because the food arrives quickly.
I got the All-American burger with pepper jack cheese & fries.
The food is competently prepared, but nothing to get excited about.
However, if you are looking for some beer & a decent meal for less than $10, this might be your place.

The 2 for 1 burger coupon brought us in.
The delicious burgers and fries will bring us back!
Burgers are all served a la carte at about $6 to $7 dollars each.
My husband ordered a basic cheeseburger and was singing it's praises until he tried mine- the weekly special Kentucky Bourbon burger, which he declared blew his cheeseburger out of the water.
SO FLAVORFUL!
Brews Brothers- make this one a full time menu item!!
We ordered the family size fries to split ($4.99) and the portion was more than enough for two people.
Fries are FRESH- you can watch the cooks cut up the potatoes!
We added a cup of beer cheese sauce for dipping- YUM!
The variety of beers on tap was great- but we both agreed that there wasn't anything TOO unique (but since the tap seems to change frequently, I'm looking forward to seeing an updated list next time we visit).
We were in on a Friday night, and it was nearly a full house.
But we ordered and had our food within 10 minutes or less!
One thing I will mention is that we were dining with our 3 month old baby and brought her in in her car seat (Hey- new parents need to get out every once in awhile!).
There is only one "regular" table.
The rest of the seating is high top tables and at the bar.
So not necessarily baby, kid or wheelchair friendly.
We'll definitely be back- but will likely arrange a babysitter, or come on a less busy weeknight.

I was excited to see the sign go up for this place right near my house!
Read about it online and saw a huge selection of craft tap beer (awesome) and we love a great bar burger.
Again the location is great for me, but after one experience we will never be going back!
We went on a Friday evening, about 8:30pm and grabbed a table.
After staring at the wall of beers on tap and feeling a bit overwhelmed, I asked our waitress about a few that I'd never seen (namely Goose Island's Ten Hills), to which she replied "I really don't know anything about that beer".
No biggie, so I tried another, same response,  Usually at a bar in Wisconsin, they generously offer a sample to you...not her.
Just stared blank faced...awesome start!
So I asked for a sample of the Goose Island, which she brought.
I liked it and ordered a full size glass....which came and was not even the same beer.
Luckily I still had the sampler at the table, which was a slightly cloudy pale ale, and my new beer was a rich toned amber.
She insisted they were the same...again, ridiculous from a beer bar.
My husband, being a dark beer lover, ordered an oatmeal stout.
The glass came and was literally over 50% foam....the worst beer pour ever, none the less from a "brews" bars.
Laughable, he took it up to the bar and the other waitress shook her head (clearly realizing the issue) and poured him a new one.
He re-ordered the same beer and again, a cup-o-foam was brought to the table.
On a tip from the neighboring table, we didn't order food!
There are PLENTY of fantastic local pubs nearby....drive past this place and go to the Village Green or Free House Pub in Middleton!!!!!!!!

Contrary to other reviews, my food came out quite fast.
Service was great.
Good beer selection and the burger was great.
I'll be back for sure.
I had the California burger and cajun seasoned chips.
I would recommend this to anyone.
The menu isn't very big, but it doesn't need to be.
They are good at what they do.

Had take foe here a fee weeks ago.
Burger was great.
Bun was fresh and meat was cooked to a perfect medium rare.
Fries on the other had were a different story.
I had the fresh cut fries and they were undercooked to my likening.
Next time I go back ill either order the shoestring fries or get the fresh cut ones again but request they be cooked well done.

I wasn't really impressed with the food.
The burger was really dry and the special sauce overpowered and flavor that was there.
If all you do is burgers then they should be awesome.
The reason I still gave it 3 stars is because the tap beer selection is great!
You can't always find a good beer on tap, which is how I prefer my beer served, so you usually end up with a bottle...not the same.
So I will go back for a beer now and then but I will avoid the food, it's not worth it.

If you have any interest in beer you have to give this place a chance... the tap beer selection is extensive, I would say 50 different types of beer.
Prices range anywhere from $5 to 9 bucks depending on selection and size(pint or 20oz).
Their happy hour seems like a good deal, all pints $3.50 from 4-7.
Don't know about any happy hour food deals.
My guest and I both ordered burgers...average sums up the food.
Everything is fresh from the fresh cut fries or chips to the burger.
I asked for a medium cooked burger...you know pink...when it came out I could tell it was not medium.
After a few bites...yea it's well done.
I'm going to check this place out for happy hour for sure....as for the food they might get one more chance, there's better places for burgers(see: tony franks) in madison in my opinion.

Just ok. Lots of beer to choose from.
Burgers to small for the bun size.
Sides were good.
Price was fair.
Service was just ok. Will add more later ...

Used to go to the Blue Moon for delicious burgers but our last few visits have been average at best and have caused us to find a new burger joint.
There's a Brews Brothers coming to Verona, where we live, so tried the one on Junction to get a preview.
It was delicious!
I had the Slaw and BBQ burgers, which is normally not my thing, but the flavors sounded good.
And my husband had the Kentucky Bourbon.
Both of our burgers were full of flavor and cook perfectly...not too overdone.
Quality of the meat was very good.
We ordered both the cut fries (w/o seasoning) and the The handcut chips (with the Parmesan and garlic seasoning) and both were really good.
I'd recommend the parmesan and garlic season.
Service was friendly and fast.
I am not a beer fan so I just had the Sprecher's on tap which was creamy and yummy as always.
My husband is particular about his beer and although he opted out this time around, he mentioned a couple he wanted to try on our next visit.
Because, we will be back!

Wow the selection of beers on tap is amazing.
They got the classics like spotted cow and leinenkugels and ur major brewers but then they got soooo many others!
There burgers are great too obviously cuz it's a burger joint.
Had the Kentucky bourbon burger or something like that.
Was outstanding.
Definitely need to go back to try more beers and burgers.
Atmosphere was great and waitstaff was attentive.
Try it!

Decided to try Brews Brothers after hearing rave reviews among my coworkers.
My expectations were surpassed !!
The selection of 48 beers is incredible.
The staff was knowledgeable in providing suggestions on selecting a brew from the many choices.
The Rajun' Cajun burger with fresh cut fries was my dining selection.
It was the most flavorful, juicy burger I've ever tasted!
The fries were delicious - perfectly cooked and seasoned.
I was also very pleased with the quick service and friendly staff.
The atmosphere is enjoyable and my overall experience has me anxious to go back!!
With Verona opening soon and an outdoor patio coming to Junction Rd it will definitely be my go to place.

