As far as concerts go, this was an amazing show.
Ambitious is an understatement.
Nearly all of my Britney fantasies were fulfilled that night.
The effects, lighting, and stage production were phenomenal.
It puts the audience in an immersive experience.
Fans of Britney will enjoy the intimate seating as the theater was scaled down to under 5000, so all the seats are pretty good.
A total of 7 costume/scene changes provide a variety that keeps you riveted.
Unfortunately her famous schoolgirl uniform is not one of them.
Without going too much into detail, you see her dance, hover, and fly through the air.
One of the questions that had the media abuzz was whether or not she was lip syncing.
Who cares?
It was a very entertaining show.
If it can keep me engaged, she can fake it all she wants.
My wife does it to me all the time, so no biggie there.
Of course, there were some moments that it seemed that Britney was a bit out of step, but it was the first show with relatively little time to prepare.
It will only get better as it goes on.
If you are a Britney fan, this is a must see show.

I was lucky enough to see her first show on 12/27 and I was not disappointed.
Britney sings all her top hits including 2 from her new CD, "Perfume" and "Work.
" Her performance brought back good memories from the past decade that I wanted to cry!
Although she does lip-sync throughout, she puts up a good show.
Britney doesn't dance/move like she used to, but she's pretty darn good for having had 2 kids.
The production still needs to work out some kinks with the sound (at some parts it was too loud/screechy) but the special effects and lighting were spot on.
I especially loved the background sets for "Circus" and "Toxic.
"  Britney is quite energetic and keeps you singing along and dancing the entire show...
I just wish she spoke more to the audience!
Overall, if you're a fan and know most of her songs, you'll love Britney- Piece of Me!

Took my daughter and two of her friends.
She has seen Britney twice, and from media I suspected what would occur.
And it did.
The show is largely, as presented by her, a lip-sync event that I could have done in her place.
Having seen her MTV show, the bare effort at dancing I expected was also present.
It is just hard to imagine how anyone could find a singer who does not sing and lazily dances a good time.
Props to the backup dancers.
They put forth a good effort.
Thank goodness there are real entertainers out there for the rest of us.

I went to see her opening night, on 12/27/2013, and was excited to see her perform again after also seeing her during her Circus & Femme Fetale tours.
But was greatly disappointed when she lip-synced through the WHOLE CONCERT.
When I saw her the past times... she would lip sync, but there were a few songs that she would sing live.
Not this time.
The theater is really nice theater, and has projector screens on one whole side of theater, the side the stage is on...
BUT not once are they used to show close ups of her or the stage, again b/c she is lip syncing.
I think the main reason I was disappointed is b/c they advertised that she WOULD BE singing live...
They should've just not said anything, and I would've have assumed she would be lip syncing.
Gave one star b/c she actually did dance more than she did on her previous tours.

I really enjoyed this show.
The lighting, set, costumes, dancing, etc were great.
You don't have to be a huge Britney fan to be entertained.
I think most people would have fun.
She may be lip synching at times, but I don't 't blame her since she is dancing and running around so much.
I would definitely recommend going to the show!!!

First of all, I love Britney and have loved her since ...Baby One More Time.
I have seen her in concert before, and of course, really wanted to see her show.
I went New Year's Eve.
I loved it.
It is true that Britney doesn't dance as much as she has before, but she did have a knee injury and 2 children.
I also don't have a problem with her lip syncing because it is to be expected and I think her people even told PH when they signed her on to not expect her to sing live either the whole show, or maybe even at all.
It is hard to dance and sing at the same time, so I don't care.
I go to see the performance as a whole.
While she did include "Perfume" and "Work Bxxch" I wish she would have also include "Tik Tik Boom.
" All in all, really loved the show and will probably go again.
To people giving it bad reviews and saying the suspected that the show would not be very good or that she would lip sync and not dance much...why did you spend the money on the tickets and go??

I don't care what these peeps say, she is a top notched performer.
She sang most of her hits, the ones we're familiar with, and although she's noticeably not 100% confident yet (airbrushed abs) considering this was the very first show of her return.....
I thoroughly enjoyed it and everyone was on their feet the whole time, most NOT dancing which was lame.
My date and I did.
What a sport he was.
And the two gay guys nearby were shaking their buns as well.
I loved the entire thing and our seating was perfecto.

This show was amazing!
I enjoyed every sing minute of this high energy production and Britney looks fantastic as always!
My only tiny complaint is that if you're in the back of the venue, it may be a little hard to see.
I think they should add a live camera feed on big screens off to the side so you can see close ups throughout the show.
But it's really not that bad because it's not a super huge venue.
Be sure to get some Britney merch after the show!
My favorites are the Britney Spears leggings that are only $40!
Super high quality, comfy and adorable.
You definitely need to see this show!
And take me with you because I wouldn't mind seeing it again and again.
:)   ~Rachael

YES!
Brit Brit!
Now, if you know Britney at all, she is not really an artist, she is more of a performer.
This is exactly what this show is, a performance.
She does not sing.
Heck, she doesn't even talk much, but, that is what I expected, no singing, just a production.
And it was a very fun production.
The theatre really is a nice setup, not really a bad seat in the house.
However, if you want to see facial expressions, get section 100 and closer as section 200, you can't make out facial features and there is no live stream of the show being projected.
There are screen above the stage extending half way around the theater but that is for more of a video compilation and light show.
There is a live band which is cool and add to the ambiance and just as any Brit show, her dancers are bad ass!
There are many costume and wig changes which is expected and also added to the fun.
In the beginning it is announced to get up and dance while respecting everyone around you and that is pretty much what happened all night.
Everyone was up having fun with the exception of sitting down during the ballads.
And yes, she flies.
A requirement if you were a pop star in the late 90's.
Am I right?
There are concession stands with drinks (souvenir cups of course) and snacks as well as merchandise.
There are tons of memorabilia throughout the venue as well, which was a fun touch.
It's really an overall experience.
I have seen Britney perform various times and this was by far my favorite overall experience.
My favorite part was Freakshow when she "chooses a guy from the audience," however, Lance Bass was in the audience and was sent up and it was a treat for me being an 'NSync fan.
In previous shows she also had famous people come up so if you are lucky, it will be someone fun.
Setlist: Work Bitch  Womanizer  3  Everytime  ...Baby One More Time  Oops!...I Did It Again  Me Against the Music  Gimme More  Break the Ice  Piece of Me  Scream & Shout (will.i.am hologram in background) Boys  Perfume  Get Naked (I Got a Plan)  I'm a Slave 4 U  Freakshow  Do Somethin'  Circus  I Wanna Go  Lucky  Toxic  Stronger  (You Drive Me) Crazy  Till the World Ends   Overall, just a fun time if you like her music.
It was all the hits in one, oversized, exciting show.

Yeah, the music is great, but the building never gets rocking past the first 1 minute.
I think people stop dancing when they are trying to figure out if Britney will really be lip syncing the whole time.
Brit does not address the crowd often enough and the result is very few people getting into it.
Highly recommend getting a buzz on before the show.

Lip sync, can't dance, waste of time and $$!
We walked out 30 minutes into the show.
I don't see Planet Hollywood keeping that hot mess around for 2 years!

I had the best time last night!
It's Britney motherloving Spears, how could you not have a great time???
To all the people who are throwing shade because she is lip syncing...no duh, it's Britney, she ALWAYS lip synchs!
That shouldn't be a surprise.
You don't go for the great vocal stylings of the legendary Ms. Spears, you go to dance your ass off and sing songs from when you were a teenager.
And damn that girl has a lot of songs that I didn't even remember!
It was an awesome trip back to pop heaven.
I do have to say that I was a tad disappointed in the dancing and so I deducted a star.
From the documentary and videos I saw from her opening days, she looked like she would be a dance monster, but she was only giving it 50% while the back up dancers were killing it.
If you loved Britney when you were a teen, then you will love this show.
The energy in the room is amazing and everyone is up dancing the whole time.
I'm so glad she has come to Las Vegas, because let's face it, she loves sparkles about as much as Liberace and she belongs here!

The pop icon Miss Britney Spears works it harder than ever at Planet Hollywood for her two year residency!
Opening night was a blast, Miley Cyrus, Katy Perry, and Mario Lopez made a whole spectacle during the evening crawling around, kissing, partying with Britney Spears.
All of her big hits were performed with various set designs and costumes.
It's worth it!
The venue was more intimate than expected which was awesome so we were up close and personal with her.
This performance is meant to resemble a night club vibe, neon paints, confetti, black lights.
It's a mad house.
I'd like to come here again next time I'm in Vegas to see the diva perform.

Britney was awesome!
The whole feel of the show is amazing, great sets, costumes and stunts.
Her dancers are very high energy and Britney too.
The theater is stunning with the huge screen spanning the entire stage area and beyond.
The lobby in this theater was great too, highlighting and displaying many of Britney's iconic performance costumes.
There is also a Britney store in the Miracle Mile right near the theater for all of your Britney shopping needs.

I thoroughly enjoyed this show.
I have never seen Britney live before- So I don't have anything to compare it to, but I do believe she got her 90s glow back for "Piece of Me" in Vegas.
All of her hits were performed (with some nice renditions), and it was fun for every Britney fan in the room.
The only recommendation I have is to try and sit front to mid center of the stage if you're wanting to get intimate with Ms. Spears.
There are no live close ups of Britney during the show, but any seat in the house is good if you're just there to have fun and sing songs along with strangers.
I'll probably try to see the show again from a closer angle before her residency ends.

AMAZING!!!
My friend and I loved Britney!
We sang and danced the entire time.
The dancers were awesome!
Definitely a must see and I wouldn't mind going to see her again.

Wish I could say I was blown away by this comeback act.
Don't get me wrong it was a fun time, and the prices were reasonable for a big pop artist.
Brit is famous for not singing live, but I'm pretty sure Britney sang only 2 songs the entire time and I still thing she was supported by a backing track when she did.
It almost seemed they were just playing the studio tracks- not even trying to make it believeable.
My other complaint was that this venue was gross stuffy.
By the second song I just felt sweaty, clammy, and it takes away from the fun.
Better ventilation would make for a much better audience experience.
What I loved was the set and light design.
The dancers (especially the males) were great.
And hey dancing to shameless old pop songs with your friends is still fun no matter what.

Wow!
I must say by the amount of stars given on this page, alot of Britneys concert goers must be pure rookies.
I am definitely a Britney fan, and and ABSOLUTE fan of seeing artists perform live.
When I had the opportunity to see Britney at Planet, I definitely wasn't going to pass it up by any means.
The venue itself is a typical show, stage & theater.
The lobby, concierge and concessions were great and filled with tons of Britney paraphernalia .
On to the important part...THE SHOW.
First and Foremost, I gave the two stars to her dancers!
BOMB....Growing up as a dancer, you could genuinely see all of the hard work and effort each one of her dancers put forth to make it to that stage.
ROCK ON.... Britney was an absolute disaster.
She danced as if she was dancing for 48 hours straight and was so slow, sluggish and laid back.
Didn't give it her all not one bit, which was the biggest disappointment as a whole.
Everytime she did a hair whip, she grabbed the top of her wig and came up so slow, so the wig wouldnt go flying.
I can honestly say this was one of the worst performances I have ever seen by a major pop artist.
I hate to give the girl such terrible ratings, but when you spend over 1k for a single ticket, I better see a SHOW!
Britney needs to take some of her own advice and "WERK B!TCH!!
"  To top it off Lady Gaga was in the crowd and sat in the row in front of us!!!
So awesome!!
Who doesnt love that woman?!?

Just came back from seeing Britney's residency show at PH an had a blast!
Britney performs to her hits during this 1.5 hour show.
The effects were great and it wasn't too hard to see her, even without big screens.
Advice: -Go if you're a Britney fan.
It aids the experience to know at least her radio hits.
But who doesn't?
-The venue is by the Halo Bar in the Miracle Mile shops, towards the Planet Dailies side of the PH casino.
-if you are 5 feet tall (like I am), it may pay off to buy seats that are closer or wear high heels.
-Otherwise, I would avoid wearing high heels because most people stand for her show and so will you if you want to see anything.
-Pit seats look worth it.
Not a very large area but Britney dances around that area and you actually get to see her face.
-Arrive before 9PM to get in line to enter.
The show starts at 910PM-ish and the line to get in can get long.
-Drink lines are long so drink beforehand!
-Avoid the merch line by the entrance/exit.
Those lines are long.
The merch table by section 103 is EMPTY.
No wait, same merch!
-Dance!
I've been to Britney's Circus tour and the one before that (forgot the name) and really enjoyed them.
Dance-wise, it's typical Britney.
Stage props are always eye catchers.
Songs are fun!
Enjoy!

A MUST SEE for any Britney fan!!!
This concert was a GREAT, FUN, FABULOUS time!
We got tickets ($195 regular price through ticketmaster) in the pit.
Fans in the pit don't sit (there are no seats) and are surrounded by the stage/stage walkways with a clear, close up view of both her and the dancers.
The pit was not that crowded and was completely comfortable with plenty of room to enjoy--which I did!!
She goes on right at 9pm and the show lasts for 90 minutes.
Every person in the theater was on their feet singing/dancing for the entire 90 minutes!!!
(See setlist photo--all classics were played).
It's Britney (b*tch)--a true pop-cultural phe-nom!!
A note for the management of expectations:  True Britney fans could give a rats patootie if she lip syncs and I'm one of them!!!
"You wanna Maserati???
You'd better WORK b*tch!!

I LOVE Britney but she doesn't deliver in Piece of Me.
The production quality is decent but Britney, unfortunately, just goes through the motions.
If she could have shown HALF the energy of her backup dancers, it would have been great.
If you're not going to sing you could at least dance!
She lacked energy and it doesn't appear that she's in shape to work the crowd.
Add to that the insane lines at the bars (we waited 42 minutes and got our drinks as the show began), the unusually rude security guards, and the fact that the backup band didn't even seem to be live and it just wasn't worth it.
I wanted to like it!

OK...
I know my previous review was kind of harsh... but believe it or not, I am a Britney fan...
So I went again to see her, and I'm sure it will not be the last time.
This most recent time, she did sing a little bit more than last time, and her dancing was just as good as last time.
I just deducted 1 star, b/c I wish she would still sing live more... you can tell when she's singing live b/c it sounds different... it doesn't sound bad, just different.... she obviously is not going to the sound exactly the same as when she was 16... (which is how you can tell when she's lip syncing... b/c it sounds JUST like the record, w/ auto-tune and all).

I have grown up with Britney and remained a loyal fan through the best and worst of Britney times.
I'll never forget opening her first album in the car (I couldn't wait to get all the way home) and listening to it day and night over and over.
I recorded the Toxic video on my DVR and watched it every morning while getting ready for school.
I was pretty upset when we had to replace that DVR.
A few years later, I discovered YouTube...woohoo...unlimited Toxic!
With all of this being said, I was extremely underwhelmed with the show.
It nothing to do with her lip syncing.
I did not expect her to sing live.
Puh-lease...
Her dancers earn her one extra star making it two stars.They were absolutely AMAZING.
Her dancing was half-ass.
Maybe age had something to do with it.
We can all admit, 30 is NOT the new 20 when it comes to dancing.
I caught myself just standing there half heartedly singing the songs.
I would have to make myself dance to try to develop the vibe.
The theater was nice; I really liked the layout.
Merch was ridiculously expensive, even more than normal.

WHO CARES IF SHE ISN'T SINGING LIVE?
Have any of the previous reviewers ever been to a pop concert in their life?
Backstreet Boys?
Christina Aguilara?
Beyoncé?
Gaga?
At least half, if not more of their performance is lip-synched.
Why?
Because a true bangarang pop performance is made up of choreographed dance moves, multiple costume and set changes, lights and lasers, and sometimes audience participation.
It is another level of live performance.
That said--we paid $65 for the tickets, and I would've paid double the price for the show we saw.
Easily.
Absolutely amazing.
There is not a bad seat in the theater at Planet Hollywood.
I don't know what else to say, except that she sang all of her top singles and I was scream-singing the entire concert to every song.
Also worth noting, is that as soon as the house lights when down and the anticipatory screams arose, every single female in the room immediately slipped out of her heels so she could dance in the dark to Britney.
HAHA.
Rightfully so.
This former teen queen of pop has cemented herself in history at her newest Vegas show installment.
I am still breathless and giddy after her performance, and that was two weeks ago.
Am I rocking her "WORK BITCH" snap-back hat from the merch booth?
Please.
Worth every single penny I paid for it.

I am a huge Britney Spears fan so my review may be a bit biased.
This show was definitely not as good as her "I'm a Slave" days but it was way better than her Circus tour so overall, I was pleased with the show and her performance.
Like everyone, I wish she sang more.
Her dancing was decent, but I thought it lacked energy.
It seemed like she was just going through the motions at times.
The point that she seemed most into the show and had the most energy was when there were only 3 songs left.
I did love how she played a lot of her old hits but I didn't like the fact that they were mash-ups and shortened.
The show lasted a little less than an hour and a half which seemed short since there wasn't an opening act.
When you end up paying a few hundred dollars for the good seats, I think the show should run longer.
Overall, this is a good show for Britney fans and I do plan on seeing it again.

If the measure of a successful show is an entertaining experience, good sound and a lavish production with concert goers dancing in the isles, then Britany nailed it.
She's a pro's pro who never missed a dance step or stage cue.
She performed all the songs you wanted to hear with the crowd on their feet the entire show.
The only thing missing was the passion.
I can forgive the lip-sync and auto tune when she didn't but she made no attempt to connect with the audience making her performance robotic and impersonal.
She's just collecting a pay check.
Too bad, she could have made it special if only she acted like she cared.

Came with husband for valentine's day and we were both stoked to see Britney!
The backup dancers and set changes were awesome, walking down memory lane with music we like was so fun, the energy and excitement of the crowd was amaze-balls, but Britney was none of those things.
It pained me to watch her "dance" and march around the stage.
She seemed super sluggish and robotic.
It looked like it took all of her energy to put on this show and I didn't feel like she was feeling it.
Nonetheless we left having had a good time which was the point, right!

It seems that ratings are largely dependent on age and expectations .
As a 50 something female, I love Britney and largely enjoy dancing to her music.
I loved that she played top hits and particularly enjoyed her opening to (spoiler alert) "work b...ch".
I thought the band-especially the rocking guitar accompaniment gave the songs a slick edginess, making me dance the entire show.
Most songs are lip synced and as much as I understand the challenge of dancing and singing, it did create an air of impersonality.
Maybe if she sang her last song, sitting on the stage, without props or band, sang a song a Cappiello?
Would have left me replenished with feeling complete with "a piece" of her.
Beautiful graphics...polished performance.

I have seen 3 of her concerts now and this was as great as any of the others!
She is still the Queen of Pop.
I loved the girls behind me saying "shes marking the dances... shes not even trying"  I would love to see you go do her job...  amazing show and trust me...
I'll be seeing it again!!

Imagine if Bob Fosse, Bob Mackie and the K.I.D.S.
Incorporated had to create a production show using only materials from the 99cent store.
This is the show they would have come up with.
And guess what...it's GREAT!!!
As for the lip-syncing....WHO CARES?
I've seen those hags down the street at the Colesseum -- Celine, Shania, Elton -- and Britney blows ALL of them away!
Why?
Because she doesn't take herself too seriously.
No bullshit poncey sighing clowns and sad violins -- it's just Britney-fucking-Spears poured into a  sequined sausage-casing, half-assing it around a stage set straight out of Dieter's Dance Party.
Zero pretension in this show -- it's straight-up, in-your-face cheese.
I didn't recognize maybe 25% of the songs, and those numbers were a little dull for me...so I turned to watch the crowd, instead, and that was even better entertainment than the show!
You would have thought it was the Beatles or some shit, the way people were carrying on -- weeping and shrieking and freaking out.
Over BRITNEY SPEARS!!!
Now, it certainly helped that I was a VIP guest of a journalist friend, so they put us right up front at one of the nightclub-style tables, with free bottle service and candy served by Thai Barbie.
But I swear, even if I'd been sitting in the back with all the plebes, I still would have dug this show.
It was just SO OUT THERE.
I would definitely see this show again...especially under the influence!!!
:-D I'm sure it'll happen sooner or later...I can't wait!!

It's Britney B**ch...
Okay had to say that.
Wasn't excited to come and see Britney lip sing but everyone knows she does and you'd have to expect to but c'mon Britney you need to give some energy in your performance.
The production around her was very cool.
Even her dancers couldn't get Britney to step up her game.
She sang all her best songs but she half assed her performance.
It could have been so much better.
I had a fun time singing along...that's right ladies I know her songs too.
The only reason I'm evening giving it three stars is because of her songs and the production was cool.
I got my tickets during the presale and decided to stick with lower level instead of the pit.
Didn't want to stand the whole time.
I even have her songs still stuck in my head.. LOL.

So sad.
My friend and I were very excited for this concert and planned the trip and got tix months in advance.
This was a truly disappointing experience.
We bought tickets for $100 each which was a good amount considering you are paying for transportation, hotel stay, etc.
we were in the rear of the orchestra section.
Upon our arrival the lobby of the venue was smashed with people with no room to move..this was particularly upsetting as we wanted to take pictures in front of Britney posters and concert memorabilia but as the lobby was filled with people we could not take pics or even view memorabilia.
There was only one ladies restroom which is ridiculous considering the Britney fan base is primarily women...so due to the long line I was forced to use the restroom during show time.
To make matters worse there was no screen showing us what Britney was doing during the show and her hair is brown and we could NOT tell who she was on the stage as all the dancers had brown hair as well.
Also, most people stood during the whole show which would have been okay if the venue was more steep in design.
We just could not see in front of the heads in front of us and had to stand on our tippy toes through most of the performance.
The show itself was lackluster with most of the entertainment coming from the dancers and performers and not Britney herself.
She was not even on stage for 1/2 of some of her songs...Terrible!!!
We felt the songs were very rushed and there was a complete lack of personal touch that you so want when you go see your favorite artist perform.
It felt like Britney was just going through the motions and her dancing lacked emotion, costumes did not stand out and add her lame lip sinking to the mix made the concert just boring.
We almost left during the show as the thought of getting a strong drink and going to watch the thunder and lightning show in the nearby mall was way more exciting.
I would recommend getting together with your friends and having a party where you play Britney songs from your iPhone way more than I would recommend spending a lot of money to see this show.
I mean maybe people who spent $1000 on their tix had a way better time but that just doesn't seem right.
Hope this review helps you save money and time.

I just saw the show last night.
First and foremost, I am a huge Britney Spears fan but I have to agree with a lot of the reviews that gave her fewer stars.
Simply put, Brit put a lot of effort into her show but not much heart.
The production values were top notch and the dancers were amazing but I don't think she did that much to connect with her audience.
It seemed like she was rushing through the show to get it over with.
Dancers were great and she moved around a lot to let everyone get a good view.
However, if your seats aren't in the center you'll miss something.
The best seats looked to be the pit but they're too expensive for me.
I had to stand for most of the show in order to get a look at the stage.
She lip synced for 80% of her songs.
And her attempt to bring an audience member onstage for a song looked rushed and forced.
My best suggestion (although the stage director will never see this) Is for her to eliminate about 5 songs and use that time to interact with the audience and maybe the backstory of some of her songs.
Something like MTVs unplugged.
It was a great show but terrible concert.
With all that said, it was a once in a lifetime opportunity to see an icon.

I don' know if she sang one note.
I don't know if you can call it dancing.
I don't know if it was even her.
That said - full tilt boogie on crowd enthusiasm and we had a blast.
I had ONE frozen drink there and was blotto-fied.
Well worth the 20 bucks.
If you are a fan go, if not - probably won't become one.

I couldn't see her face all night, so honestly I wouldn't have known if it was her dancing/singing or an imposture.
Also she barely spoke to the crowd all night, other than the standard "Hey Vegas".
The lines for the bar were ridiculously long and SLOW moving, I'm shocked that they don't staff more people.

Really enjoyed this show!
Don't expect her to sing or for you to see her face--for some reason (perhaps b/c she's not singing live) there's no jumbotrons for you to get close ups.
Show is exactly an hour and a half long, so it's perfect for still 'going out' afterwards.
Ticket prices on Ticketmaster were reasonable, we paid $112 but like 3 months in advance; however,  on the day of the show they skyrocketed to almost $600 each.
Great way to start your night in Vegas especially if it's a 'girls trip'.
She also redid some of her old songs to new melodies and they were pretty incredible.

I saw this show on February 22, and I absolutely loved it.
It was definitely not long enough if you ask me!
For all the people whining about the lip syncing ... Give me a break.
No one goes to her shows to here her sing!
And as far as her dancing - it is obviously limited but go through what she went through in the past 15 years and you would never be what you were before!!
This girl deserves so much more credit for going through the insane downward spiral that she did, and picking up the pieces and making a major comeback!
I love Britney Spears, but ask any fan why the love Britney and no one will say "her singing"... no one.
They may say her dancing, but they are 99% of the time referring to pre-bald Britney era dancing.
People who love Britney love her for being an entertainer...
The stage, the dancers, the lights, the pyrotechnics, so much goes into a Britney show.
Sure she is not what she used to be but the POM show is huge step up from how she performed during Circus and FF... People have to let her work her way back.
Watch her documentaries she did on E!
recently for this show to see her passion.
Watch her For the Record documentary on MTV to see what a struggle she went through about 5 years ago.
This girl is amazing and deserves so much more credit.
My only issue with the show was not anything Britney did... it was the crowd/seating.
Our seats were dead center about 15 rows from the back, and we could see the stage great, even in the last row you would have still had a great view!
However, this is not exactly "stadium seating" the rows are only elevated slightly, and of course everyone stands during the show!
So PLEASEEEEE tall girls - wear flats!
Short girls, wear heels!
And for the love of God do NOT wear a a foot tall poof in your hair!!
My friend I went with is 5'1 and I am 5'7 so when both girls in front of us who were I am guessing 5'10 sat in front of us we already knew we were in trouble, and then when we stood up I realized the girl in front of me must've had on 4" heels!!
So it was very hard to see around these people...
But that is my only complaint, and Britney cannot do anything about that!

Went to Vegas with three girlfriends specifically to see the concert.
It was a total BUST!
Obviously I am a Britney fan but this was the most boring show I have ever been to.
There was no energy in the room...she acted like she was going through the motions and didnt want to be there.
I was fully prepared for lipsynching but it seemed like she was moving in slow motion and only dancing with her arms.
Several couples in our row got up and left.
I didnt say anything for the first half of the show because I thought maybe my friends were enjoying...NOPE...they all thought it was terrible.
It was almost sad in a way.
Britney did not seem like she wanted to be there.
I felt sorry for her until we realized she is getting paid about $15,000 per SONG to do this .
Do not waste your money on this show.....if she gave 100% that's one thing, but this was just phoning it in and a total rip off.
Britney...you better work B*$%h!

As a Britney fan, this is one of the best concerts I have ever seen.
Get floor tickets.
You are literally in her stage and ten feet away.
Normally the rule with Britney is she does no old songs except Boys, I'm a Slave 4 U, and a bad version of Hit Me Baby One More Time.
As soon as song two starts, you know all bets are off.
She does everything.
Don't read anything and go in surprised.
You will lose it.
We were dancing from the beginning to end.
Unbelievable.

Saw this last night... disappointing.
I really wanted to love it but its hard when she doesn't put any energy into her performance.
would much have rather checked out Shania again instead of giving this show my money.
Great cast, fantastic stage.
I just expected so much more from our pop star.
Fool me once, shame on you Spears!

Disappointing.
She had no energy and her dancing was offbeat with her back up dancers.
It felt like she didn't want to be there, at all.
I would have liked to actually hear her sing at some point also.
I know it's challenging when you are dancing......but she wasn't really dancing that hard.
I was shocked at how bad it was, I expected a lot more out of her.

It's Britney Bitch.
I came to Vegas just to see her and even though I knew ahead of time that she would not be performing live, I still had to check it out.
I mean, the CD sounded really good on stage haha.
I was in the mid section and paid a hundred or so.
The building isnt as big as I expected so it seemed fairly close for the price.
There were options for less than $100 but they seemed way to far.
If you are going to go, might as well pay a few bucks more and see her move in her somewhat skimpy, old-school britney clothes.
The show actually starts at 9:15pm so we got in line at 8:30 which wasnt necessary.
I say you can get there at 8:45 since you just linger outsider and take photos with her music video costumes while you wait.
It lasted until 10:30 so it was only a 1 hour 15 min show.
She does lip sync and dance but it was more of a lazy slobro dance if anything.
Good thing she has her dancers and the screen in the back to distract us.
Whatver, I still enjoyed myself because she sang all of her goodies and I most definitely sang along too.
This show would only be fun if you are a legit Britney fan because if you are not, you will be extremely disappointed with her lack of singing or legit dancing.
**TIPS** 1) There are no legit photo ops when you get there.
If you want a decent photo, go to the Planet Hollywood elevators and you will have a choice of three Britneys to take a photo with.
2) People tend to dress up like they going to the club here.
I mean it is Vegas so I can see why.
3) Enjoy!

My wife is a huge Brittany Spears fan so I decided to go with her during our vacation in Vegas.
The show was amazing!
Brittany was spot on with her dance moves and her dancers were super awesome on stage.
I cannot confirm or deny if she was lip sinking or not because her mouth movements matched perfectly with the songs...but to be honest...I could care less if she was.
The show was great either way.
She played a lot of her classic hits such as hit me baby one more time to her newer stuff.
Lots of great song choices.
I would highly recommend forking out a couple hundred bucks and getting the good  seats towards the front like I did.
Probably wouldn't be that great sitting in the back.
Anywho, she had tons of energy and it was fun watching her and listening to her as well.
the show was excellent!

Great show!
High energy!
Best of the best songs!
Not too huge of a venue so lots of good seat options.
Britney killed up!
Nice long hour and a half show!
Very pleased

IT'S BRITNEY BITCH!
She's back.
I absolutely enjoyed her show and would consider seeing it again!
Very amazing show and well worth the price to see.
She performs the full 90 minutes and does a GREAT job!!
the show is amazing.

The crowd was energetic from the first to the very last song, no encore though so you can leave immediately.
I luved it and i was never the biggest fan.
She is still, a good performer.
The show as a whole was spectacular.
Lighting, light show, dancers, prop, dance moves...just right!
I've never been in a concert where everyone stood up at every song, cuz it was that fun and energetic.
My feet and arms were sore from non stop dancing and fist pumping.
My all time favorite song is "Everytime", she came out floating in mid air in huge angel wings, LOVED!!!
B.S is pretty iconic, i didn't even realized how many songs i knew how to sing....few of the new ones like "Perfume" sounded very good too.
Our seats were pretty good, dead center.
Wish she could of came out closer to the crowd or walked around a little bit.
I would watch this show again in the future =)

First of all, if you go to a Britney Spears to hear her sing, you are dumb.
Britney does NOT sing live anymore and hasn't for many years.
Too bad so sad.
But let's face it, does anyone really actually listen to Britney for her voice?
NO.
She's awesome because she's a great dancer and performer.
If you want to go to Vegas show with beautiful live singing, go see Celine.
Now, if you want a Vegas show that feels like you're in a club rocking out to some new hits and some old childhood pop favorites, this is the show for you.
I would recommend this show to people who have grown up with Britney on MTV, on the radio, and in the spotlight.
If you're just a random old person wanting to see a show but don't really know any of Britney's songs, you probably won't have a good time.
I also would not recommend this show for children/families.
I'm not a die-hard Britney fan, but I do know all of the hit songs and she performed them all.
My sisters and I had such a fun time dancing and singing along!
We bought some of the cheapest seats, $92, so I was worried we'd be back in the nosebleeds unable to see a thing, but our seats were actually pretty awesome.
They were decently close and still on the floor, despite being near the back.
I think most seats in this smaller auditorium are going to be good.
Britney's dancing was great and so were her backup dancers.
You can tell she's not in her prime for dancing anymore, but she still did a good job.
She also talked to the audience a little bit, although a little more audience interaction would make the show seem more personal.
The stage sets were very cool--she swung out of a tree during "Toxic" and had some interesting props.
I loved all the songs that she performed--she did a couple from her new album ("Work Bitch" and "Perfume") and then all the rest were her hits over the years.
Some of them were remixed, but I still liked them.
"Lucky"was beautiful, because she slowed it down and did a more heartfelt version of it.
I'd recommend this show if you have followed and rooted for Britney over the years (diehard and lukewarm fans alike).
So much fun!
It's BRITNEY BITCH!

I came all the way from Atlanta to see Britney and she did not disappoint!!!
She performed just about every hit song she has ever had.
The visuals were beautiful and she even brought out some of her old choreography from the videos.
Everyone was up dancing; even my boyfriend who only went for my sake.
I'm already thinking of seeing the show again.
Amazing!!!

If you come to this show and expect to hear Britney sing, you are obviously not a true Brit fan!
She doesn't sing live.
In my opinion she did not sing one song, but the song selection coinciding with the awesome stage presentation did NOT disappoint.
Her dancers were awesome, but Britney looked lazy and skipped a lot.
I know Britney is an amazing dancer, and this is the only reason I didn't give the show a 4 star rating, because she just didn't bring it.
My seats were pretty incredible, third row...and the stage is set up so she has a runway and can walk toward the crowd.
The few times she did walk to the front, she seemed a little nervous and like she couldn't wait to get out of the front and go further away from the crowd.
She talked to the crowd twice because she had to.
Honestly, the Music (or CD that played) Was the best selection.
Hit after hit, incredibly visually stimulating stage scenery combined with a crowd filled of Britney fans was an awesome night.
Worth every penny and I would see the show again to dance and have fun.
Britney, if you read this, I love you forever, just try and bring up the energy!!
Oh, and she looked totally awesome...minus the 5 foot fake wig.

To sum up this show in one word: Terrible.
I didn't mine the lip-synching, I half expect it from a pop princess who has mediocre singing abilities.
But, I've always appreciated Britney's dance ability.... An ability that has apparently left her (or maybe she just doesn't really care) because Ms. Spears didn't dance at all.
Instead she jazz walked around the stage the whole time (if I was rating the jazz walk alone she'd at least get 3 stars).
Her lack of dancing was even more evident when she did try to half-a** dance when surrounding by her truly incredible, and talented dancers.
The entire audience was there to see one person, and one person alone and that was Britney.
You would think she could at least interact with the crowd who paid upwards of $100 to see her "perform," that her interactions would be genuine at least and frequent at best.
Not the case, she maybe spoke directly to the crowd twice and both times her phrases were so rehearsed it came off as unauthentic.
At one point a girlfriend I was with turned to me and said, "You know what I like about Britney?
That any one of us could get up there and do what she's doing.
"  And she was right.
Britney was clearly phoning it in, and even from my mediocre seats I could tell her lack of passion.
She's either highly-medicated (probable) or just doesn't care anymore (even more probable).
What a dissapointment, save your money and go see the hundred or so other performers on the strip that still enjoy ENTERTAINING.
Hang it up Brit.

After flying 3,000 miles to L.A. to meet my friend and drive 5 hours nonstop (yay traffic) to Las Vegas, I finally made it to see the Queen, after being awake for 21 hours.
For one, I was in complete awe.
I sadly was late and being a huge fan of Britney, I was barely okay with missing the first 3 songs.
I came in when "3" ended and "Everytime" began.
I cried.
She was so beautiful and the stage set up was to.
Also, this is the night she debuted her newly dyed brunette locks.
Her dancers....sooooo talented!
I was standing in the general admission.
The feeling of being on the floor with other huge Britney fans is like no other.
Also I was so close to Britney!!!
I loved this show so much because it's Britney bitch, that I ordered more tickets to go this October and next February.
Totally worth being broke over buying the tickets to Las Vegas and then seeing Britney =p Britney does NOT disappoint.
This review is for the Friday, February 7, 2014 show.

My wife asked me to come to this show, so I begrudgingly joined her for this debacle.
Let me say that the audience and ambiance is fairly entertaining.
The booze is reasonably priced, and you leave feeling like you've seen a Vegas show.
With that said, Brit Brit is really past her prime.
She barely moves around the stage except to prance about, and at one point she actually flails around the floor like a fish struggling to breathe.
The background dancers are solid.
It's good to see some of the Fly Girls found work.
They're making the best of an embarrassing situation.
Britney on the other hand, well, she doesn't really "dance.
"  She moves her hands around like the sign language guy at Nelson Mandela's funeral, while she bobs her knees and looks disinterested.
The audience was entertained, but everyone was kinda looking around like, "WTF" is this?
To be clear, she only speaks twice, and I'm pretty sure she flubbed her lines at one point.
I mean, she's very clearly not singing, and the vocals are still a D+.
If you're a fan, I would see the show.
I wouldn't expect vintage Britney, but it's entertaining nonetheless.
Have fun!

Not a good show and I WAS a fan.
She does not sing live through at least most of the show.
Dancing is like amateur hour.
Performance is the worst concert I have seen and all this for $300 per person or more?!?
See Shania or Tim and Faith or The Beatles Love they are all fabulous!
Don't waste your money on this one.

Britney: Piece of Crap  This was a terrible show.
Britney was bored and barely moved.
I will never get that time back that I wasted at her "show".
Save your money, go to a different show.
Or just sit outside at Cabo Wabo and people watch, it's MUCH more entertaining!!!

She's back!
For all the reviewers that are upset about her lack of singing- you obviously aren't Britney fans.
Why did you come to the show?
She's not a singer, she's a performer.
She dances her butt off and puts on a great show!
The drinks are reasonably priced and super strong.
One mixed drink lasted me the whole show.
I think all the seats are pretty good, but one negative about the venue is the lack of a screen that shows a close up of Britney.
I would love to go again!

