I was driving down Spring Mountain on my way home and decided to stop by Lee's for a quick milk tea, when I saw the sign for Fat Dumpling.
I had never noticed this place pop up, so stopped in for a quick to go order.
They have a small dining area, but they can fit a sizable amount of tables for dine in guests.
All the servers were really friendly and I was greeted quickly and politely by two when I walked in.
One server told me they had only been open two days, so I was pleasantly surprised by how big a crowd of diners they had attracted.
Their menu is extensive.
I noticed soup dumplings and got excited, but since I was doing takeout I knew that was a no-go.
Next time for sure.
I ended up with the pork and cabbage dumplings and a taro slush with boba.
My dumplings came out first and were packaged well to go.
I had hoped for some sauces or something, but I just used some stuff I had at home to dip them in.
My taro slush wasn't amazing.
It was a little on the thick side and too sweet.
Not my favorite in town, but they have quite a few flavors, so I'd be interested in trying some of their less conventional flavors.
I tried some dumplings as soon as I got home and they were good.
Lots of meat and pretty flavorful.
Not the best I've ever had, but solid and a huge portion for the price.
They're a new spot, so I give them the benefit of the doubt and I look forward to trying a few more of their menu items in the future.

If you love chinese dumplings you will love this place delicious homemade dumplings a must try

Stopped in this morning for a strawberry watermelon smoothie (delicious - fresh fruit and not too sweet) and came back with a friend for lunch,  Super friendly service, simply decorated, but very comfy and clean and food is excellent.
Ordered the beef noodle soup - the bowl is HUGE,  Enough for two huge (we each ordered one!).
Beef was super tender, lots of noodles and broth was some of the best I've eaten with a wonderful combination of mild, fragrant spices.
We also ordered the lamb, onion and carrot dumplings and green onion pancakes (excellent).
The dumplings take a while to come out, but its because they're hand made using fresh ingredients - worth the wait!!
Perfectly cooked with lots of filling - an order is 14 dumplings, so a lot of food.
I left with a very full stomach and loads of leftovers!
Lunch (with hot green tea) was $33 and change - amazing price for the quality and amount of food.
They only opened on Tuesday but seem to be doing a brisk business with lots of people coming in for take out (FYI - they have the most extensive smoothie/bubble tea menu I've seen outside of San Francisco Chinatown.
Pages of flavor combinations!
),    My friend and I are going to definitely become regulars here!

The dumplings are their saving grace.
One star for each dumpling I ate.
Everything else was pretty bad.
First off, they ran out of plates.
What kind of place runs out of plates?!
The waitress gave us little plastic dipping cups instead.... which doesn't help.. Secondly, I don't think they train the staff very well because when we asked for napkins, she gave us 3 pieces.. we had 4 people in our party..
I mean, give us a little more.
No need to skimp on paper napkins... And third (which was the worst), they ran out of dumplings!
We ordered pork & zucchini which came out right away however, she said they were still making the pork & cabbage.
We thought it would be maybe a 15-20min wait... but we ended up sitting there for over an hour.
If they were out, she could've told us at the very beginning so we could've chosen a different flavor or just skipped it totally.
The four of us ended up cancelling the pork & cabbage ones since we had to leave.
Very disappointing.
Lucky for them, their dumplings reminded me of the ones my grandma use to make back at home.
The skin is hand rolled and chewy just the way I like it.
The dumpling is stuffed to the brim with porky goodness and the juices drip off the skin once you bite into it.
Dip the dumpling into some vinegar and hot sauce and you have the perfect dumpling.
We also ordered some of the apps such as the chicken wings (skip), popcorn chicken (good), and liang ban fen pi (noodles were too long, difficult to mix with the non-existent peanut sauce).
Just stuff yourself with dumpling goodness.
TIP: Wait a few more weeks for this place to work out some of their kinks before you go or you might not even be able to get the dumplings!

Dumplings, dumplings, dumplings!
Decided to finally try this place out after a day at CES.
So what did we order?
The dumplings of course!
We ordered the pork, chives, and shrimp dumplings -- which are typically the ones I always eat.
I decided to skip on any of the appetizers due to Jennifer's review.
However, I did order some xiao long baos (steamed pork soup dumplings) because I was curious and I just had to see how they were.
They gave us some spicy and salty peanuts while we waited for our order along with tea and iced water.
Then this odd sound came through ...and I'm thinking, "Is she hand chopping the pork?!
" Whoa, like whoa.
It sounds like it.
Anywho, the wait wasn't as bad for me .. maybe a 15 minute wait for the food to come out.
The dumplings came out piping hot and fresh!
There were 16 of them by the way.
And the wrappers they used for the dumplings did NOT look like the typical thin store bought wrappers at all!
They were thick and chewy just like how I usually prefer them.
So it does seem like the dough is made from scratch by them.
I just couldn't wait and I dip a dumpling into some vinegar and start munching!
Juicy, warm goodness in my mouth!
The flavors were good.
It was a great balance between the pork and the chives.
Not too bad, not too shabby, and authentic to the bone.
But wait, the vinegar is a little bit too sour for my tastes.
I think I prefer red vinegar when it comes to eating dumplings.
And also, that's when I noticed that my boyfriend is dripping juices everywhere -- dumpling juices!
Where are our plates?
Where are the soup spoons?
Awkward.
We end up asking for soup spoons but decided not to bother with the plates.
We were eating them too fast anyways.
As for the xiao long bao's, skip them please.
They were small.
They were bad.
It had this odd taste to the soup in them that I did not like.
The meat was fine but their soup was a no go.
The service was good though.
Our teas and ice water were almost always filled.
They were quite attentive.
Though a warning, all of the servers are mando and/or canto speakers so their second language is English.
They may have a heavy Chinese accent and may not thoroughly understand your question.
Not sure if that's something that people get turned off about but just a little warning.
So just gotta be patient :)  Great dumplings.
Gotta be from the dumpling menu!
No to the xiao long bao/steamed pork soup dumplings.
Pretty nice service.
Think I will come again just for dumplings and maybe try their smoothies and/or milk teas to see how they are.
However, one thing is, CASH ONLY currently.
They don't even take your card.
They told me that their credit card machine isn't in yet so they can't even accept the payment.

First time checking out this place... smells little strange when first got in... ordered #2,#27,#18... our pork wasn't well cook... little soggy... dumpling #2... little bit to salty... take yaki #2 not well deep fried... still the server catches us what it went wrong... so service is nice... but food taste... got to be improve^^

Some other restaurants skimp out the size of their dumplings but not these guys.
I stopped by here after getting some coffee from Lees.
Their waitress was very tentative and knows their menu very well.
Some of their foods like small dragon bun you have to order first cuz they steam it fresh.
I suggest you order one, by the time you're done with your order, its almost done cooking.
I ordered their lamb,beef, and pork dumplings, the flavor is definitely different, but I can taste they added some curry flavor to it.
for the price and freshness, I'll be back to try some more

I have very mixed feelings about Fat Dumpling.
On the one hand there are some serious flaws with this restaurant, but on the other they serve some good tasting food that I really like.
Firstly, upon entering the restaurant we experienced a very unpleasant odor.
You get used to it, but it is very worrisome for the future of this establishment.
I'd recommend they figure out what's causing it and get it under control.
Secondly, get some control over your service.
We experienced some very basic service issues.
They were certainly friendly, but you need to give us some plates to eat our food on.
They were alllll over the place.
I couldn't even tell if the servers were assigned to any particular tables.
Some basic training and management would easily take care of that.
But in the end the dumplings we had were pretty good.
The little basket dumplings, although good, had no soup in them at all.
We will go back to give them another try.
We hope that they get it together because they are REALLY close to having something super good.

Came here during CES 2014.
Not bad.
We ordered the niu rou mein (beef noodle soup), xiao long bao (Shanghai soup dumplings), and regular dumplings.
The niu rou mein and regular dumplings were pretty good.
The xiao long bao was just ok (reduce your expectations if you've been to, e.g., Din Tai Fung).

A bunch of us headed to Fat Dumplings after my Art of Flavors UYE to check this new place out.
We decided to share things family style and ordered the following:  Takoyaki, Chicken Wings, Karaage Chicken, Green onion Pancake, Chive and Egg Dumpling, and for the steamed dumplings, we had Shrimp and Chive, Vegetarian, Beef, Lamb, Pork, and a few others I don't remember.
Standouts for me were the Lamb Dumplings, Chicken Wings, and Karaage Chicken.
I also got an Avocado Boba Smoothie which unfortunately tasted watered down(stick to #1 Boba nearby) Service was good and attentive.
This was just a fraction of their menu items we got to try.
I'd like to return to try other things on their huge menu.
Just a heads up and maybe what Ramsey H.
mentioned(?
) They have Durian as one of their smoothie flavors, and during our lunch, it permeated the dining room about two or three times when people ordered smoothies.
Smells like dirty diaper..:(  ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  3  YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(29/365) "Dumplings and Durian"

This is a great place for Chinese food.
I went inside and everything I ate was fantastic( though the only problem was the loud mixer whenever a person orders a smoothie).
Something I ate was Xiao long bao which was juicy and soft.
The beef noodle soup was fine.
Spicy grilled lamb skewer was good ,but set my mouth on fire.
Pork and bok choy dumplings were so good that I didn't spare a single one.
Over all this Chinese restaurant is a place that you should go to.

Fat Dumpling is all about the Lamb Dumpling for me!
Had the opportunity to check out Fat Dumpling with a large group of friends.
We shared several items, and as a result we were able to try quite a few items from the large menu.
There wasn't anything here that struck me as below average, but there wasn't much that stood out overly positive to me either.
My favorite dumpling was lamb based...I think it was a blend with other meats as well though.
It was juicy...bite into it and watch it spray over your plate juicy.
In fact with a little practice you could easily cover those sitting around you with a muttonist mist.
Additionally, we partook in Chicken Wings, Karaage Chicken, Takoyaki, , Green onion Pancake, and an assortment of other dumplings...again they were all just okay.
I wouldn't avoid coming here if others were set on it, but I would not seek it out.
They are still new though...maybe things get better.
It was very busy and the staff kept up and was very pleasant.
Everything was very reasonably priced.

Ok!
This place gets a a-ok!
Plus Bomb star for the Drinks!!
I had the Shang hai style dumplings & número 2 on the menu :: good taste, but not enough Soup in my Shang-hai style dumplings...
I had green onion pancake, which I always like, this one was nothing special but had that same great taste!
They have fresh Fruit smoothies and the Papaya/coconut was the Bomb!
It's Legit::  The customer service is typical Asian Chinese mainland service:: little bit of a language barrier but they are great with ordering via Numbers:: jk but for real:: it's a joke peeps!!
Ok:: they have one of the nicest bathrooms too!
(-____*) will be dining again::

First, I understand that they carry a variety of boba tea's but it doesn't mean they should't carry any other drinks aside from boba and water.
I wanted to order soda but they said they don't carry soda/juice.
Some people doesn't like to drink boba tea with their meal.
They like to drink it as a dessert or just a snack.
Second, I am a bit disappointed that they only have large servings for dumplings.
They should at least offer smaller servings so that people who doesn't have that much big of an appetite can try other dumplings too.
I would rather get 4 pcs of 5 different dumplings than 1 order of a 14 pc dumpling.
The atmosphere is great, very nice servers, and clean environment.
I'm giving this restaurant 3 stars only because they just opened a few week ago and they're still trying out the waters otherwise, I would have given them 2 stars.
I think they can use a lot of improvements with their menu.

I've been dying to try this place ever since I heard about it.
Mr. Dumpling is located in the same shopping center as Pho Kim Long.
They have a small dinning area lit by red Chinese lanterns.
The menu is posted on huge boards on the walls and behind the counter.
I ordered the pork, chive, and shrimp dumplings--every order comes with 14 pieces.
I kinda wish you could mix up your selections but I guess this makes it easier for the kitchen.
The server was punctual and attentive.
As for the dumplings, they were yummy but nothing spectacular.
When they came out on the table they were still steaming--OHHH YEAAH!
I was starving so I started scarfing them down, dipping them in a mix of soy sauce and chili oil then Sriracha.
I ended up eating all 14 dumplings and was severely full.
I'll definitely be back to try out more.

Their dumplings are ok. Their XLB does not any soup in it.
Their lamb dumpling is more like pork dumpling then lamp since its not gamey.
Their noodle soup is good but need a little salt...best thing there is the fresh fruit smoothie it was delicious.

My friends were in town and they wanted something to eat so I decided to pick this place because I haven't tried it yet.
We ordered family style for the 6 of is except 1 of my girlfriends is a vegetarian so she ordered her own veggie dumplings.
The lady brought out the food and she was confused about what she brought out.
She told us one of the plates were a vegetarian dumpling plate so my friend tried it only to spit it out because there was meat!!
How rude!
How do you not know what you're bringing out!
We then proceeded to tell her that they both had meat in it and she was like 'Ohhhh okay.
' We were all a bit frustrated because we wanted to wait so we can all eat together.. By the time here came out, our food became cold.
The juicy pork dumplings were not the business and the rest were meh.
I've had better at small hole in the wall places in vegas.
I only enjoyed the chicken wings and the fried dumplings, that's something to enjoy!
I'm giving 2 stars because the lady that was making the dumplings actually came out to apologize when our own waitress didn't.

Don't really understand some of the poor reviews.....I was skeptical so to play it safe we shared an order of the lamb, carrot, and onion dumplings and an order of the fried chive and dumpling (#17).
First off they can't count but in a good way!
They gave us 2 extras but from the looks of the other reviews maybe it's a good strategy to boost word of mouth.
It's working right here!
The lamb dumplings were really good - not over powering lamb flavor and overall they tasted very comforting and homey.
These aren't blow your mind out of the park dumplings.
But I'm intrigued to come back to try the pork,chive,shrimp dumping along with many of their vegetable dumplings.
The fried chive was slightly oily but crisp well on one side and heaping with chive and egg.
I think I will order this every time.
I like the old school pink Mao hats they wear.
Maybe next time I'll walk into a smell of durian and it'll smell but overall everything was good and will be back.
Give it a try.

Very good dumplings.
Even though the onion pancake price has changed for the 3rd time now.
Was 3.50.
Then 1.25.
Now it's 2.50.
It's still the best thing on the menu IMO.

I'm not sure why this place has several bad reviews - considering that they opened less than a month ago.
My fiancée and I both love dumpling which is why we have been here three times in the past week!!
The dumplings are good my favorite so far is the pork and cabbage.
The LXB is also delicious!
Granted this place is no Din Tai Fung - it is definitely worth checking out if you are a dumpling fanatic.
The service here is actually fairly attentive and responsive.
A definite plus in a sea of Asian restaurants notorious for throwing dishes on a patron's table and walking away never to be seen again.

We ordered our stuff and waited 10 mins.
My food came up and we finished.
Have to wait for another 15 mins for my wife's order.
By the time we got her food the table came in much after us already got all the food.

Visiting from San Diego, my wife who is from China and I do indeed know good dumplings from bad.
We just stumbled across this place looking for a Chinese Breakfast.
The restaurant is new and clean.
Service was good and friendly.
The best part were the Dumplings.
Indeed hand made, thin skinned with plump insides.
I had the traditional Chive with scrambled egg and they WERE excellent.
I also ordered an Onion Pancake and it was hand made and griddled the correct way...They have allot of various Dumplings that seemed fab.
So i recommend if you are a dumpling fan, check it out.
They also have an excellent selection of FRESH Boba Teas..enjoy.

I was really excited for this place.
Their specialty are steamed dumplings, one of my favorite dishes.
What I really enjoyed was that they had a variety of flavors and so many choices.
So on my first visit I bought the pork and cabbage dumplings, the chive and egg fried dumpling, lamb kabobs and a blueberry and strawberry smoothie.
First of all the lamb kabobs were awesome.
They were full of flavor and well priced.
The meat was tender and tasty.
I would give it four stars.
The second item was the smoothie.
That was one of the low points.
It was very ice filled and not very flavorful.
two stars.
Next was the pork and cabbage dumplings.
Was super disappointing.
I like the speed of how they were made, but the dumplings themselves were bland.
Very very bland.
two stars.
Last of all was the fried chive and egg dumpling.
This was my favorite.
It was large and crispy, full of flavor, and nice and hot.
It was super filling and well priced and i would for sure order that again.
I well update when i go back again, hopefully it will be better.

Wandered in there today and thought I haven't "hmm, haven't had dumplings in a while..." so I decided to try this hole in the wall out.
I ordered the pork and cabbage dumplings, as well as an order of takoyaki and a honeydew smoothie with boba.
The server was very nice and promptly took my to go order.
I didn't wait very long, maybe ten minutes all together.
I was surprised when I saw them take out -actual- honeydew melon to make my boba with!!
Definitely a rare occurrence with all the boba and tea places around Chinatown.
The smoothie was great and the boba wasn't overdone or hard, the perfect texture.
The takoyaki portions they gave were generous, I was only expecting 5 balls tops, but they gave 8.
The menu states that you get 14 dumplings per order but I felt as if there were more than that, which is always appreciated!
The dumplings them self were delicious, very moist on the inside and the dumpling's texture and doneness was on point.
Definitely will be stopping by again for lunch during work hours and looking forward to trying the rest of the menu!

I got the lamb kebab and 5 mins after I took a bite I had to pull over and throw up, NEVER AGAIN!!!

I am definitely a fan.
Came here with my work buddies to try it out and we were all pleased.
I ordered the pork, chives and shrimp dumpling in the beef soup.
It was great!
I ate all 14 pieces.
Can't say these were among the best dumplings I had, but they definitely were better than most.
They've only been open a short time so I'll go back to give them another try.
My buddies ordered noodles and fried rice.
Restaurant calls them appetizers but they're enough for a meal with leftovers.
Go give this place a try!

i love dumplings, and like the name suggests - these are some fatties.
they offer a pretty large selection of fat juicy boiled dumplings as well as other small dishes like msg-licious fried chicken wings, not as good boneless pieces of fried chicken, fat crispy pot stickers.
everything we tried we really good and prices are reasonable.
service is friendlier than a lot of other asian places, but they did forget a couple orders even though we were literally the only table in there both times i've been.
we had enough food anyway, so not a big deal.
i've ordered the lamb beef pork dumplings both times because why stray from something i already know is good.
be patient and give it time to cool off so you don't burn the sh*t out of your mouth like i did.
the filling is all meat and super juicy - way juicier than their crappy XLB soupy dumplings (definitely skip those).
i'm pretty loyal to #1 boba for my boba fixes, so no clue how their drinks are.
but i'll definitely be back for more dumplings in the near future.

Quaint little place so there aren't toooooooooo many seats.
Each order of dumplings has 14 of these little babies.
I got seated right away as soon as I walked in but the service quickly deteriorated from that.
Never even took our drink orders.
But whatevs.
They had one person manning everything at first and then a second person had to help.
You can tell from some of the tables that they're trying to get their attention for assistance.
They're definitely short-staffed to save on money or something.
In the end, the dumplings and the green onion pancake was just okay to me.
But the beef noodle soup was surprisingly not too shabby :0D.
They also have boba drinks but we didn't end up trying any.
I don't know when I'll be back, if at all.
I'm not too much of a dumpling person anyway.

Food - 4/5 Price - 2/5 Service - 3/5  One of the few dumpling places in Vegas.
The place was quite pack when we went in and they had only 2 people working the floor.
Normally, restaurants with experienced waiters / waitress should be able to manage a restaurant that size but you can tell that they were inexperienced and forgot to bring us our drinks.
Food There are various dumpling selections on the menu.
We decided to try the traditional pork and cabbage and a nontraditional beef and onion dumplings.
The dumplings were good, nothing extraordinary and can't really compare to the places I've tried in Hong Kong or Taiwan but it was still good nonetheless after I'm a big dumpling fan.
We also had an order of the Green Onion Pancake which tasted like every other green onion pancake, but it was crispy and cooked pretty well.
We had an order of the Beef Noodle Soup.
The broth tasted pretty good but the noodle were a bit overcooked.
There was an wrong order of beef noodle that they bought out that no one claimed before we ordered and our order came pretty quick after ordering, just assuming they bought us the same order that was return.
Anyways the portion size was big, good enough for 3 of us to split a small bowl.
Just the noodle wasn't anything special and other Taiwanese places would be more worth the price if you wanted Beef Noodle.
Prices Dumpling - $8.75 for about 14 dumpling Beef Noodle - $8.75  Service The service was not so good, even for a Chinese place.
Two people were very nice but seems like they were unorganized and inexperience.
Normally a restaurant of that size, even 1 experience person should be able to manage it but they had 2 people that forgot to bring us our drink order (water) and messed up on other peoples orders.
A lot of times, it was a lot faster to just stand up and grab a set from the next table then call one of them over.
Overall The food was ok, It was still a little bit pricey in my opinion for dumpling but it makes sense because restaurant have to make some return.
The service wasn't great, you can tell they were really trying but after being open for a while and seeing other yelp review, would have figure they improve their service standards.

Welcome to the best hidden boba shop in the clutter of china town!
Fresh fruit instead of syrup makes this the go to place!!
Add an order of dumplings and you are set!
Top notch !

MY 100th REVIEW!
I'm completely addicted to dumplings right now after having a whole bag of Ling Ling dumplings from Costco for every meal for two weeks...
But Fat Dumpling is what started the addiction...  What Fat Dumpling has going for them is that they don't try to be too much.
Most of the menu is dominated by the standard style dumplings.
You can tell by the taste that these are made in house, and I'm further convinced by how they treat their smoothies.
The first time we went, we were told that the tapioca pearls weren't ready yet (it was around 11 in the morning), and that it would be close to an hour.
A little disappointing that they aren't made ahead of time, but considering that some pearls take almost two hours to make, it isn't too surprising.
In fact, they do let you have yesterday's pearls if you want, or there's some yummy jelly options.
But what convinced me to keep coming back here for their smoothies was that they use fresh fruits and not some substitute like powder or syrup.
The prices are reasonable, and the mango smoothie is one of the best I've had and isn't overly sweet as well.
Usually I get a large and it's gone by the time I get home :|  Then there's the dumplings - I thought the flavor was good.
No sauce is needed here, though you can always have some if you like.
I've also tried their popcorn chicken which has a good flavor but might be a tad salty.
On the very plus side, the chicken was very moist and had a good amount of meat.
I also tried their steamed pork dumplings which had a good flavor in my opinion.
Overall, I simply just enjoy the simplicity, price point, and flavors they offer here.
It is probably my favorite local Chinese joint in Las Vegas.

Wanted to check this new place out and enjoy some dumplings.
The drawbacks to the place is they are a little unorganized with their ordering system.
I didn't know the take out line and the dine in were two separate things and it took 30 minutes for our order to come out.
Also the Chinese chive dumpling had almost all chives and hardly any egg or shrimp.
Ordered a green tea and they said they only had one kind even though the menu says otherwise.
Noodles were also very sparse with shrimp and vegetables.
Three stars for friendly staff and the piping hot egg drop soup

Came here are getting my massage at Bali Foot Spa.
Shrimp and chive dumplings : Good.
I liked it.
Inside was seasoned nicely and the outside was nice and soft like how any fresh made dumpling should be.
Chinese pancake : Like any other.
Slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.
Could use a little more seasoning but I guess the dip makes up for it.
So I ordered 2 pancakes and they ended up putting in only 1 order and a wrong order of squid balls  Squid balls : ok. Actual squid inside.
Seasoned ok

This is basically a review on one of their smoothies.
I haven't tried a dumpling yet.
If you don't like that, then read another review..
They have 93 drink options and I think this is a valid thing to look at.
My preferred boba in the area is No.
1 Boba Tea.
However, one of my friends recommended Fat Dumpling, and it was literally a short walk from where we had eaten dinner.
I was really confused until I actually saw the menu because I'd only heard of the dumplings, but they have pretty much every typical flavor of fruit that you would find in one of these places, including durian.
They proudly display on their menu that they use real fruit.
You can see them use real fruit as well.
That's a solid plus compared to some other places.
I just wish that I had seen Nelson Q.
's review before I made my choice of the avocado smoothie (without toppings) because I definitely would have picked something else.
What I got definitely had the texture of avocado, but definitely less flavor that I would have liked.
More importantly, it doesn't seem like they've added any sugar whatsoever.
Basically, it was more of a nice textural experience than a flavor experience, and I had to endure it with the small diameter straw that I had selected because of my peculiar avoidance of boba.
I will gladly try a different flavor if I'm ever invited here again.
I just can't recommend this place yet based on my personal experience.

I will give two stars just for the sake of their smoothies and by using fresh fruits.
I've been here once and tasted some of their menus.
Not a fan of their food.
So tedious and just an ordinary Chinese resto.

Want to go on a dumpling (aka potstickers) rampage.
This place has you covered.
Many different choices.
Service was very good.
They also have great Bobba drinks.

Spent just under $20 getting a minifeast for me and my guy to munch dinner from home while watching the Spurs game: 14-piece order of the pork, chive, and shrimp dumplings, plus two lamb sticks, and an order of fried squid balls.
While I loved being able to snag dumplings to go (don't know of [m]any places to do so), and found pricing to be fair, the giant 14-piece order got a little boring after half the order was done.
Would like the option to purchase half an order so I can mix it up with another flavor.
Overall, dumplings held up and were tasty.
Seemed to be mostly pork and chive with a slight shrimpy flavor, though I did not visibly see any.
Found the squid balls to be underwhelming and bland, despite a sprinkle of seasoning on them- would have appreciated some sort of dipping sauce, but again, it was a decently large portion for the price (8 pieces?).
Lastly, the lamb.
Ordered them because it was recommended here on Yelp.
Reviews neglected to mention how spicy the lamb is.
Found the portion for the price underwhelming, with five or six tiny meat pieces on a mostly bare skewer.
Overall impression was underwhelming.
They need to make some changes if they're going to stay open: at 8PM on a Friday night, I was the only customer.
Lee's Sandwiches next door had more business- that's pretty sad.
May come back to try the steamed buns or a smoothie... but reviews here tend to say the food is better than the drinks, which makes me wonder if it's worth a second try.

Came here for the first time last night and I can already say I will be returning just on their boba and smoothie drinks alone.
Their boba was nice and chewy and their smoothies and milk teas are made with real fruit and ingredients.
How do I know?
The taro wasn't purple!
They also have 3 different drink sizes, but I would recommend getting the medium which is the size of a large at other tea shops in Vegas.
The large just looks way too big.
I wasn't too hungry and only got 1 order of the pork and celery dumplings, but realized later on that the gave me pork and sauerkraut instead.
No wonder it didn't taste like celery!
Before I saw the bill I actually thought they had given me pork and cabbage since that's what it tasted like.
Pretty good dumplings though.
I like that the skin is thick so they don't break apart when you pick them up with your chopsticks.
They have a lot of appetizer/snack food items I wanted to try like popcorn chicken and green onion pancake so I'll have to get those next time.
I like that they're open late until 2 am.
Pick up a stamp card to take advantage of the Buy 10 get 1 free drink deal.
They also have a $10 credit card minimum so bring cash if you're only doing drinks!

You know what the best stuff is at Fat Dumpling?
The drinks.
No, really.
This might be the most compelling reason to come here.
They're even open late!
The selection is huge, the cups are huge, and there is a lot of fresh fruit involved.
I've had avocado, black sesame, lychee coconut, something from the "crazy" menu, and peanut butter banana.
All satisfying.
Hey this is a dumpling place, right?
So, you get around 14 dumplings for about $8-10ish.
They're not tiny.
They're actually fat.
The wrappers are also thick, if you're into that.
They're fine dumplings - though I'd avoid the vegetarian ones if you're tempted.
They're underwhelming.
Also, the onion pancake is hit or miss.
Hot and sour soup is quite large and tasty - though not particularly hot or sour.
The people working there are nice.
Make sure you grab a stamp card on your way out.
I just got one on my last visit and I've been there numerous times.
Oops.

I went here to order-to-go 30 minutes prior to closing time and I didn't want to be one of "those" customers who orders a lot right before closing.. but surprisingly, there were a lot of people ordering to-go so I didn't feel as bad!
I got there and ordered:  1.
Fried Chives Dumpling- its HUGE!
I thought it would be small so I wanted to order 4, but the guy said it was big so I ended up ordering 2.. good call.
Its really good!
It was like an asian quesadilla.. lol.
General Tso- TSO good (;  3.
Popcorn Chicken- okay, i've had a lot of popcorn chicken in my days.. but for some reason.. the seasoning on this chicken is different.
Its so addicting..
I ended up eating it all before my boyfriend could even have some!
He agrees as well.. theres something about their popcorn chicken that doesn't want you to stop eating it!
4. pork dumplings- it tastes like every pork dumping.. its good, though!
5. chive pancakes- ehh, you can skip on that.
its not good unless its fresh!
I ordered all this and they were so fast!
We were in and out of there in about 15 mins!
I want to go here again and order their drinks.
I heard they use only fresh fruits and i'm a sucker for fresh fruit smoothies!
Overall, this place is really good & I would recommend it for late eats!

You'd be foolish to expect good service at a regular Asian restaurant.
That being said, make sure whatever you point at on the menu matches the words you're speaking.
Poor friend's "Peanut Butter, Banana, & Chocolate" crazy smoothie really was crazy... so crazy it became "Banana, Peach, & Pineapple.
" Talk about dissociative identity disorder!
The server was unsympathetic: "But you pointed....."  On the other side of the table, my #86 "Papaya, Avocado, Strawberry, Banana & Watermelon" was delicious!
Banana always overpowers at first, but when the papaya comes through, you'll be cruising!
Next thing you know, you wish you ordered a large.
I'll be back for some food and will definitely remember to order clearly and carefully!

Just a bit of an update on my Fat Dumpling experiences...
I had this at 4 stars, but as long as that younger guy is making boba - the boba is going to suck.
He skimps on ingredients, gets the menu item number wrong, and adds way too much sugar when specifically asked not to.
Also, he made me the wrong drink and didn't even suggest he would correct it for me.
Three times I've come and had issues with the way he makes things.
Pretty close to not coming back.
Also, they close at midnight instead of 2am now.
---------------------------------------------------------  Previously on Fat Dumpling...  You know what the best stuff is at Fat Dumpling?
The drinks.
No, really.
This might be the most compelling reason to come here.
They're even open late!
The selection is huge, the cups are huge, and there is a lot of fresh fruit involved.
I've had avocado, black sesame, lychee coconut, something from the "crazy" menu, and peanut butter banana.
All satisfying.
Hey this is a dumpling place, right?
So, you get around 14 dumplings for about $8-10ish.
They're not tiny.
They're actually fat.
The wrappers are also thick, if you're into that.
They're fine dumplings - though I'd avoid the vegetarian ones if you're tempted.
They're underwhelming.
Also, the onion pancake is hit or miss.
Hot and sour soup is quite large and tasty - though not particularly hot or sour.
The people working there are nice.
Make sure you grab a stamp card on your way out.
I just got one on my last visit and I've been there numerous times.
Oops.

Ignore the service it isn't very good.
Dumplings are good.
I would sure hope so considering the name is fat dumpling.
Cold noodles were excellent.
Nice Chinese vinegar flavor.
Beef noodles soup was also quite good as well as chive pancake.
Lamb skewers were disappointing.
Lamb is tough and then it's over seasoned probably to try to cover up that it's not the greatest lamb.
Not a big deal since it's not major thing on their menu.

This is my new go-to place for bubble tea.
I think that the value for the price and quality is better than most places here in Vegas.
I've been here a few times and while it hasn't been consistent most of the time, this is the place where I would frequently visit for my boba needs.
It's a fairly new spot that's been open for a few months.
I've gotten turned in this place by the recommendation of some yelper buddies.
It's located on spring mountain next to lees sandwiches.
Popcorn chicken - a Taiwanese speciality, the one at fat dumpling is nice and crispy on the outside, and moist and juicy in the center with an interesting seasoning.
They give you an OK amount for the price, but I think they should give more.
Smoothies - order the jumbo size.
It's the best deal in town.
It's the Big Gulp of bubble teas.
All of the fruit they use are real.
The tea also has good flavor as well.
I've never found boba quality as high as Half & Half tea house in LA, but...
It's good here.
Sometimes a lil bit too soft, but better than a lot of places in Vegas.
My total for a jumbo smoothie with boba was 5.14, not too sha-bay!
What's also great is that they are open later than most places.
While most of them close between 8:30 to 10pm on the weekdays, this place closes at midnight.
The same time the werewolves come out...

Went to try them out today for lunch and I ordered some chicken wings and a Vanilla Coffee smoothie that turned out ok. Chicken Wings priced ok but they aren't  amazing or anything.
Smoothie had a weird after taste and I probably wouldn't order it again.
Service was the normal no smile "whatchawant" service that you come to expect.
Menu is easy to read and point at so thats a plus.
All in all probably would not come here again.
There are a lot better places in Chinatown.

I was meeting up with a friend who proudly tried a recipe from a cookbook called "Natural Harvest".
Somehow looking up "Jesus jizz" on Reddit (that yielded to no result) got us so hungry and thirsty.
Strawberry Banana Chocolate Smoothie: I got this with boba.
This is one of my favorite flavor combos.
Equal parts of delicious strawberry, chocolate and banana.
The black balls were soft in the mouth.
Mmmm... 4/5  Thai Milk Tea: As if a big cup of smoothie wasn't enough, I also had to try the Thai tea boba milk tea - I love this stuff.
This was a bit too sweet though.
3/5  Pork and Cabbage Dumplings: You can either get 8pcs or 14pcs.
Make your own dipping sauce.
I'll give the sauce I made 5 stars (self love).
The dumplings were a bit doughy but it has lots of hot steamy juices so it's understandable.
The filling was tasty.
3/5  Beef Noodle Soup: The noodles were thick like chow mein...maybe, it WAS chow mein.
They're a bit generous with the beef chunks and chopped Chinese cabbage.
This reminds me more of Filipino beef mami than the mildly spicy Chinese/Taiwanese beef noodle soup.
If this was sold to me as beef mami then I'd give it 4 stars but since it's beef noodle soup...2/5  Usually, the restaurants in this strip mall are packed.
This one was pretty dead the entire 4-5 hours we were there.

Drinks  and  Boba are delicious..  Dumplings are also bomb...  And the best part is they are open till 1 and sometimes 2am...
It is also close to the freeway so if ur on the go this is the spot to go to for good food and amazing drinks

they have variety of appetizers, Pho, and huge selection of boba tea.
I had the lamb, cabbage, carrot dumpling.
figured since their name had dumpling in it that's what they'd specialize in.
it was around $10.
Very average.
Nothing special.
Not worth the price.
also had the Thai tea and that wasn't too bad.
however, there really isn't anything that stands out about this place and I won't be coming here again or be recommending it to anybody.

The service is such garbage, the food isn't great either.
Came at 3pm on a Saturday and they were about half full.
We had to request water three times before it actually came.
My party ordered pho, dumplings, and some rice plates.
The rice plates was filling but the pho was not.
The combination pho was pretty bland to me and no hoisin sauce to make it better.
We also ordered four smoothies with our food but it never came and we asked the waiter and he made it like 5 minutes before we finished our meal.
The drinks were refreshing, and its pretty cheap for what it is.
Overall the food is pretty unsatisfying but it's cheap so that sort of makes it okay.

It's just an average Taiwanese spot in Chinatown.
The place doesn't have much personality and the food reflects said statement.
In fact, the pork chop I ordered was so dry that by the time I tried to eat a dumpling with vinegar, my entire mouth stung like I just swigged plastic vodka.
I haven't swigged plastic vodka while playing World of Warcraft since high school so you know my mouth got messed up pretty bad.
I felt bad for the server because he did EVERYTHING (bussing, taking orders, making smoothies) and it was VERY packed with large parties and difficult customers.
He got our order wrong and was nice enough to take it off the tab.
He was really nice about everything even while he was running around.
One extra star for that!

