The wife and I were leaving Las Vegas on a mid-morning flight out of McCarran.
A captive audience in the D Gate area and wanting more than just a cup of coffee, we decided on Sammy's Woodfired Pizza and Grill since they served breakfast and we could sit down, charge our personal electronics, and relax before our flight.
We were greeted by Janet, our personable server, who excelled at keeping our water glasses filled throughout our meal.
Leftover pizza is one of my favorite breakfasts, so it was intriguing to me try a pizza specifically made for breakfast.
My 8 inch pie ($11.49) was topped with a surprisingly generous amount of bacon, eggs, mushroom, cheese, tomato, and onion.
While the crust was very likely not made fresh on premises, it was reasonably crisp given the amount and type of toppings.
It was a much tastier crust than you'd find a Pizza Hut, Dominoes, or Papa John's.
Frankly, it was a filling, satisfying breakfast adaptation of pizza that could easily be shared.
For airport dining, Sammy's Woodfired Pizza and Grill exceeded my expectations.
Compared to your average airport dining experience, it was measurably better than average.
It should go without saying that while I gave it a solid 4 stars, that rating was compared to other airports restaurants catering to a captive audience of air travelers and probably not comparable to other Sammy's stores let alone most of Las Vegas' excellent dining options.
Bottom line:  It'll satisfy for your hunger before your flight home.

Ok hate to give bad review but I feel travelers need to know.
I didn't eat here because already eaten, I'm anout to board in a red eye flight.
I ask for a glass of Pinot Noir, you can chose between 6oz, 9oz or the bottle.
Since I'll have a long flight I asked for a 9oz, listed for $ 19.50, not cheap and a small bottle of sparkling water.
When the glass arrived I noticed immediately that it was not 9oz, I sell fragrances and 9pz is more than 250ml, more than a quarter of a liter.
I thought they made a mistake but after tasting the wine I was happy they did because I've rarely tasted such cheap, acid, disgusting wine.
That type of wine that takes 30 min to finish a glass because you can barely swallow it.
Well the check arrived for over $ 26.00, ONE glass of wine and a small bottle of water .
I left $ 4.00 tip because I always feel bad for waiters so I ended up to pay $ 30.52 for a glass of cheap/disgusting wine and a small bottle of water.
Is there anything else that I can say?
Yes there is: there was also a light that was keeping getting on and off, perfect to enhance the robery armosphere...
I mean, does it take so much to make a Customer happy?
A glass of wine and a bottle of water and still you can't make it??
TERRIBLE

Unfortunately, I didn't have a great experience here, which is a shame, because I actually do like Sammy's.
We had a late flight out, and this was one of the only places open.
The sign at the entrance said to wait to be seated, so we waited.. and waited.
Finally, one of the servers noticed us and told us to just sit anywhere.
We noticed that many of the empty tables were dirty, but finally found a clean place to sit.
We then waited some more.
The server came over and apologized, saying they'd been "slammed.
"  He left for awhile longer, then came back to take our order.
I ordered the sliders with cheese ($12 plus an additional $1 or $2, I believe), and one of the "fancy" cocktails, and my dining companion ordered a Stella beer.
The food was just okay.
The sliders were supposed to have some sort of sauce/aoili on it, but did not, just the cheese.
A small container of ketchup was on the side; I had to ask for more.
My drink tasted good, but did not taste like there was any alcohol in it- just like punch.
The cost- $50!
I have no idea how much they charged for the drinks, as the prices weren't listed, but they must have been quite expensive!
I really felt like this was drastically overpriced, even for the airport, and especially because of the experience.
I'll know better next time!

For airport food, this is actually pretty good- and there's lots of vegetarian-friendly options.
Seating is comfortable and plenty, and you can have/avoid TVs as is your wont.
Also, it seems to be in a quieter part of the airport, so it's nice to just sit there.
The beer is also good.
Standard pizza/pub fare won't let you down.
Prices are kind of high, but you're in an airport, so, you know, you're in an airport.

Don't bother with this place.
Ugh.
I went to the walk up counter so I could just take my food with me.
I should have kept on walking.
That was the WORST breakfast sandwich ever.
I had mine in croissant.
I disposed of the bread because it was awful.
The eggs and bacon inside was not much better.
Eggs are super salty, bacon is pathetic and the cheese was prob the best thing on it and I didn't eat it.
The best thing about the meal was the fruit.
That's the only reason I didn't give it one star.
$15 for disgusting sandwich that I couldn't eat pretty much and $5 for coconut water.
I should have just fasted but this is Vegas.
Who knows when I'm gonna eat again?

Meh.
Being that it's in an airport I should have known better than to expect a half decent meal.
I met up with a coworker there for a quick bite before catching our flight home.
Pretty bland salad with overcooked dry chicken on it.
At least the iced tea was ok.
The dining area itself seemed way too warm also.
Hello?
it's 96 outside today.
Crank up the AC!
A redeeming factor was our waitress.
She was so good and sweet, The kind of older lady that calls you "sweetie" and "darling".
Otherwise, it's basic airport food and nothing to rave about.

The only reason I am giving 1 star is because we did have a pretty good waitress named Sandra Lynn.
The food was horrible.

Eating some breakfat/lunch after an LV bender.
Main points: - Service not attentive - Hostess kept leaving stand and people were left waiting to get a table - Multiple times my table was passed by server with no acknowledgement  The pizza was A-OK so 3* earned but this was from a May visit.

