Brother's took over the space once occupied by the late great Buzz BBQ.
Oh how I miss Buzz.
Regardless, I was excited to see a new pizza place opening up in the NW in my neck of the woods.
The menu is extensive and everything sounds great so I thought I would give it a try.
Last night I got a 10" 4 item combo pizza.
I got pepperoni, meatball, mushroom and black olives.
It took about 20 minutes for the pizza to come out of the oven.
That is about average.
What took far too long was waiting for somebody to take orders.
There were no diners inside.
Cashiers were missing too.
I stood around for several minutes before somebody came from the back to start taking orders.
Not that there were many orders to take.
The phone never rang and I was one of just two people in there to place an order to go.
This is not a good sign for this business.
If it keeps this pace they wont last long.
Anyhow, I took my pizza home and ate the entire thing for dinner.
A 10" pizza, it turns out, is not terribly big.
This was cut into 4 pieces.
It had sauce, cheese, pepperoni, mushroom and olives as expected.
It seemed to be missing meatballs though.
Usually when I order a pizza with meatballs it comes with sliced meatballs.
This, however, came with what appeared to be simple ground beef.
It was strange but at least everything was on there in one form or another.
The sauce was fine.
A little bit spicy I think.
The crust was thin.
Thin enough that it was crispy on the bottom.
Yet it was thick enough to still be chewy on the top.
And it kind of flaked apart.
That was nice.
But the crust seemed almost too perfectly round and too uniform in its thickness.
It was almost a prefabricated crust not unlike Pizza Hut or Little Ceasars just edging them out with better quality and more appeal.
This is not the greatest pizza I've had.
It is alright but I had higher hopes.

We ordered a large pizza, half with pepperoni and mushrooms; and half with pepperoni, Pepperoncini, jalapeño, and garlic.
We also ordered the jalapeño poppers, and the garlic mozzarella bread.
The pizza is simply one of the best I ever had, was very delicious, I only ate the spicy side, but the wife and kids said the other side was very good as well.
The bread was good as well, though I would had liked a bit more garlic.
The poppers were decent but not great, they were a cream cheese popper and I like cheddar better, so it just may be me.
We ordered using the eat24 app and they said 45-60 minutes.
I honestly didn't watch the clock but somehow I doubt it took longer than 30 minutes.
I was hesitant to eat here because their other location has bad reviews, but I had noticed that many were due to people being mad about flyers on their door.
All in all I am really glad I decided to give them a try and I will be ordering from here again!

New to the  neighborhood, so of course had to check em out....
So glad we did, cause the pizza is Great and a very extensive menu, we'll be back.
Check em out, you'll be happy u did!

Great calzone.
Good chicken, though the teriyaki sauce is a bit salty.
Kids and husband loved the fries.
Yummy pizza.
Yay for a new neighborhood place!

Ordered a meatball calzone and a ricotta only calzone, both were thrown in the garbage they were so bad.
The dough was undercooked and tasted like flour, the cheese was just bad and the sauce was flavorless.
Will not be ordering again.
I called them up to let them know and I was informed that "everyone else loves them".
I could not think of any redeeming qualities sadly.

Yummy pizza!
I just ordered two pizzas for the first time from this place.
I am very impressed.
Not only was the service great, and my pizza delicious, but the prices are very affordable.
I ordered the pickup special, which is a one-topping 16 inch pizza for only $7.99.
What a great deal!
I also ordered a combo pizza.
Very delicious.
I will most definitely be going back!

Great Food!!
Recommend Seafood Linguini, Ziti, Chicken Parm.
This was my 3rd visit within a month, not 1 disappointment.
Thumbs up!

We ordered food from these people and never again.
They completely botched the order and did not want to fix the issue.
They stated that they knew thy missed part if our order and that they had the order as something else.
They stated that the manager had to be there before they do anything!
They wouldn't even offer to fix what was wrong, the lady laughed at my husband during the whole issue.
This company is EXTREMELY unprofessional.
I have never had a business be so unwilling to fix a problem they created.
We went to go return the food and get our money back.
The manager have us some story about how the waitress repeated back the order twice which is a lies an a complete change of her original story.
He then did not want to refund the tip stating that you can only refund the food.
How in the hell can you take a tip on something you screwed up and not charging???
He then proceeded to threaten us!
Really?!?
He told us to never order from them or come back.
Lucky I have to give you a rating otherwise I wouldn't.
You have poor business practices and I would like people to know.
I will not come back to your business and neither will any of my friends, family or coworkers.

We ordered the chicken picatta and the chicken parm, both were dry and under seasoned.
chix picatta was just horrible, taste like a bad chix fettuccini alfredo with 10 capers and the parmesan was so dry we had to add sauce and re bake.
Not worth the $30

Not shure why there are 5 star review's for this place.
I tried BBQ Chicken pizza things about pizza not setting well - first off there using the sauce idea completely wrong its either a BBQ pizza meaning no Pizza SAUCE or not consider having it on menu, I got it with Pizza sauce on bottom and the BBQ sauce on top first witch was way too sweat and im 30 so don't think I am some old person ( sorry ) but it was def.
bland too couldn't taste cheese.
I think if they had a tangy BBQ sauce and no pizza sauce ( actually saving money on the pizza because know your eliminating 1 sauce.
Sorry but I am part Italian and pretty particular on my sauces.
Honestly I could probably guess it was sweet baby ray's bbq sauce.
Also got a red velvet cake witch was descent but could kinda tell store bought.
Overall save a few bucks and go to little ceaser's and for those who say prices are cheap you gotta be kidding me at nearly $14 dollar for a small ( bbq) and some range higher for 14' the most expensive 14' pie is almost $17 dollars !!!!
for a small pizza for that matter -- to me that seems a little expensive just for a 14' pie.
This was a toss up between pellegrini and this place well guessing I should of done Pellegrini

This was by far the best pizza I have had in a long time.
We were stranded in Vegas due to car troubles and didn't want to drive so we had it delivered to our hotel.
The 24" is a LOT of pizza.
the salads were fresh and crispy.
Will eat here again next time I am in the area.

I am a total fan of the Verde pizza with chicken.
I have ordered it about 4 times and it has yet to disappoint.
The garlic bread with their house ranch is really good too.

The "R.J. Review for Best in Las Vegas" stickers aren't theirs, it belonged to the restaurant that was there before them and I assume they leave it up to scam people into thinking their quality is good.
I came in here and sat down, no one greeted me or came up to me, I was the only person in the place and there were clearly atleast two workers who noticed me and ignored me.
Waited about 2 minutes before walking out and going across the street to get sushi.
I guess this place doesn't like making money.

Really wishing the atmosphere of this place was better.
The lady at the register is extremely rude and there is no other noise (music) except her clanking dishes.
The pizza is good the wings are good but the service is lacking.
Big time.

A little background.
I continually have menus from this place on my front door and have been meaning to try them for a while now.
I happen to be working in the area, so the so opportunity presented itself.
I walked in and there was a sign, please seat yourself, so I did.
After waiting awhile for someone to come take my order, I gave up on that idea and I got up and walked to the counter to place my order, with the guy working there.
I still don't know if someone is suppose to take your order or you are suppose to order at the counter.
I know what worked for me.
Back to the menu, they have 15 lunch specials, at $6.99, including quite a selection pizza, stromboli, calzone, subs, wings, fingers, various pasta, cheeseburger and various salads.
The all include a soda, the salads and pastas include garlic bread, the wings, fingers, subs and cheeseburger include fries.
I ordered wings, medium, there were 8 wings and fries.
When my order was ready, a girl called out  what the order was, I indicated it was mine, she asked if it was dine in, I confirmed it was, she brought it to the table.
This goes back to the confusion on them taking the order at the table or if you're suppose to go to the counter to order.
If I go there again, I'll see how it goes and report back.
The wings were good, a little spicy for medium, but that's just my opinion.
I like spicy food, but sweat beads up on my forehead when I eat it.
The fries were excellent, kind of shoestring with a light batter coating, crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, I would go back there just for the fries.
The wings and fries come with ranch dressing,  If the ordering procedure wasn't still a mystery to me, I could easily give them a three star rating.
I just don't think you should have to figure out what to do, it should be intuitively obvious.
Rating a place on wings is a little hard, this side of over cooking or under cooking, burnt or raw, there's not much to rate.
I think I will go there again and order something different than wings.
Since it is an, "Italian Bistro", I will order lasagna or chicken parmesan, to give them a more accurate rating.
Also, I still want to figure out if they are suppose to come to the table to take the order or you are suppose to go to the counter to order.

I went back to see about the dine-in service questions I had from my first visit and to try something that had more range for rating than wings.
This time I walked in, saw the same sign to seat yourself, so I did.
Almost immediately a the server came over and asked what I would like to drink.
When she returned with the drink she took my food order.
I ordered lasagna.
The lasagna is served in a soup bowl, a square of lasagna in the middle and covered with marinara sauce, with mozzarella cheese.
The sauce was alright, a little on the sweet side, but tasty.
The lasagna was nothing fancy, no ricotta cheese, just lasagna noodles, sauce and a little mozzarella on top.
It was served with two pieces of garlic bread.
As I said in my previous review, the lasagna, bread and soda was one of the lunch specials, so it was $6.99.
Was it good lasagna, no not really.
Was it worth the $6.99 price, definitely.
You get a bowl of marinara sauce with pasta in it, some cheese on it, two pieces of bread and a soda.
It was a filling lunch for $6.99.
I will probably go there often when in the area, I liked the lasagna, and the wings from my last visit.
Maybe I'll work my way through their lunch special menu, there are 15 items to choose from.

Ive eaten here about 20 times the food is good its quiet the staff are friendly just make sure you ring the bell if no one is at the desk i use too go too linos while linos is good brothers is higher quality

