Duke's is a newly opened Bar and Grill located on the northeast corner of Ray and Rural, same plaza as the Chandler Sunset Library.
There were a few craft beers on tap as well as the usual suspects, I had the Green Flash IPA from San Diego.
The menu had the traditional bar foods along with several italian options which all looked home made.
I had a rueben and fries, the reuben used a house done brisket which was a nice surprise and the fries were perfectly cooked, hot and crispy.
I would definitely come back and try it again.

Jalapeño burger and onion rings are amazing!
Big ol mason jar of Kiltlifter is a wonderful thing.
Awesome patio area with plenty of room for a crowd.
I'll be back!

Attended their grand opening last night, they have a long way to go.
The have a lot to learn in the bar business.
Hope they figure it out and make it.

Clean & net place newly opened.
Food is better than expected.
Yes, it is really good!
Very nice owners.
It would be good for all of us if they do well.
Come and give Duke's a try, Had St Pat corned beef and cabbage!
It was great.

Duke's Tavern is exactly what our Chandler neighborhood needed:  fresh, innovative food at reasonable, prices, spacious patio ready for AZ weather and genuinely nice and caring owners/staff.
We rode our bikes down there one Saturday afternoon and were pleasantly surprised by the new look and feel of the place.
It's clean, open and airy, and there's tons of seating.
Now here's the best part....The patio is HUGE!!!
They seemed to be doing construction out there our first time, but we've since been back and it's really coming along.
The downstairs bar is built, and we can't wait to see what's coming next.
They're dog friendly, and that makes us very happy.
The misters and large, well shaded areas are just what we've been waiting for around here.
It does need upgrades and improvements here and there, but after hearing their story and plans for the place, the wait sounds well worth it.
The food is so delicious and the drinks are so well priced, we will support this locally owned business, helping them make the money needed to finish upgrading the long awaited and anticipated space.
We know the owners are not corporate, and don't have deep pockets, so renovation expenses may take some time to acquire.
WE CAN WAIT!
We want this tavern, with the coolest space around, to make it so we can ride down on our bikes anytime we want and just hang out!
Good luck Duke's Tavern!
Welcome to the neighborhood!

Can I give 3.5 stars?
Newly opened bar/grill.
The burgers are good, the atmosphere is ok, drink prices are good.
It seems like it needs a personality or identity.
Will be back.

Great St Pat's day food.
The food is better every time.
Owners & employees are really special.
You cannot beat this place.
Class, good food, nice people!

I really wanted to like Duke's Tavern.
It's right around the corner from our house and I try to support local business as much as possible.
However, there needs to be a few improvements before I would consider coming back.
Price wise, they are competitive with other restaurant/bars in the area.
However, their food leaves a lot to be desired.
I ordered the chicken tenders, something I always do when I go to a new restaurant.
I figure, if you mess up something as simple as chicken tenders, how can I trust the rest of the food?
While everything was made fresh, my plate came out with three extremely small pieces of chicken.
Like... Super small.
To the extent that I would have expected twice as much at another restaurant.
Taste wise it was okay, but nothing to really write home about.
My fiancé had the jalapeño cream cheese stuffed burger which he thought was  ok. Our dining companions both had the Reuben which they thought was ok, although the onion rings seemed to be really greasy and overly breaded.
Service was good, hence the three stars.
The decor is a little weird.
It's almost like Duke's is going through some sort of an identity crisis.
The patio looked really nice and if they added some TVs out there, it would be awesome.
I'm glad we tried Duke's but as of right now if we were looking for a bar we would probably just go to Zipp's.

With a family of 9, we had lots of meals on the table.
Everything that we got tonight was fantastic!
I especially enjoyed the French Dip sub.
My wife had the fish and chips and my kids got burgers, salads, and even a few choices from the kid's menu.
We were super pleased with the quality of the food and the excellence in service.
I highly recommend Dukes to anyone looking for a nicer, upscale bar and grill.

Met here with the Local Lunch Club.
The food was great.
The service was excellent.
and everything they make is from scratch daily.
You really have to try this place.

This place is awesome.
Fresh homemade food.
Great happy hour on craft beers.
Highly recommended!

The Burrata Pomodoro (build it yourself Bruschetta) was enough to come back.
Add the Caprese sandwich and the Greek pasta and you have an amazing dinner with leftovers because these are good sized portions.
Jared and his crew were real and friendly people that wanted you to enjoy yourself

Boring, bad service (friend was cut off after 1 drink).
We stayed for the food anyway, not good.

