I have been here twice since it just opened.
The first time I had the Original Italian, which has provolone,ham,proscuittini,cappacuolo,salami, and pepperoni.
You can add the veggies and topping that you like.
This sandwich was pretty good, but it didn't impress me that much.
The second time I went I got the Big Kahuna Cheesesteak which has steak, grilled onions, peppers, mushrooms, jalapeños, and extra cheese.
Now this what was quite tasty.
It is one that I will definitely go back for.
Overall this place is pretty good and is definitely a nice break from places like Subway.

When someone orders a veggie sub you may want to consider that they don't want meat.
Placing my formerly vegetarian sub directly in between two roast beef subs, in total contact with meat on both sides is disgusting and rude.
Which is why I walked out.
Jersey mikes has been permanently ruined in my mind.

I'm usually impressed with the service at Jersey Mikes, however this is my first time visiting during the busy lunch hour.
I don't know if it's standard for only one employee to work at a time while the other 3 watch but it took me 20 minutes to get my sub.
To top it off when one of the professional sandwich artists gave my sub to the person in front of me they were very rude about making me another one and I had to twice remind him that I was still waiting for my sandwich to be remade.
Worst experience ever.

Great food, good service.

I don't really rate chains that high unless they do something amazing and unexpected.
It's  jersey mike's.
Decent sandwiches, not a big selection, a bit pricey.

I only recently discovered the deliciousness that is Jersey Mike's (which has now ruined me forever to the garbage that is Subway) but I'd only been to the location in Ahwatukee by where I work.
When I drove past this place with a friend after leaving the gym a different way than usual I actually turned us back around to get something to eat.
The menu, sandwiches, atmosphere all of that is pretty much going to be the same at whichever location you go to but I will say that the staff that was working the day we went in was great.
They were joking around with us and making actual conversation while we went through ordering and waiting in line.
My friend can be a little particular about how she orders and wants things which can sometimes annoy people at some places but these guys graciously did everything she asked without putting up a fuss.
Definitely a great experience.

They freshly slice your meat and cheese right in front of you like in a deli so it's really fresh unlike subway which has preservatives on each side of the meat.
They also roast their beef in store and cook fresh bacon on the skillet!
Best sub place

Love coming here!
Great club sandwich, and the coupon deals they send in the mail for buy 2 meals for 14.99 can't be beat!

