Stopped by and had a "Whitney" the first time and it was fab... Just enough sweetness and green enough to feel healthy despite the outrageous price of $15!!
My next Whitney a few days later.. Not so good.
The gal skimped on the dates and it made the drink barely edible besides overpriced.
If you decide to indulge here, be sure to watch the prep so you can tailor the drink.
I am doubtful that $15 smoothies are going to make it here for long.

Amazing.
I got the "refresh" super light and refreshing taste amazing.
Boyfriend got the "nice dates" creamy tasty, nice alternative to a shake if your being indulgent.
Staff was very friendly.
Offered samples of whatever and recommendations based off of what you need.
Pricey yes but serves it's purpose.

Over priced and not even close to what I can juice.
But I need my greens, taste was blah

Love the juice here.
Thank you Sage and staff for all your help.
Excellent customer service!

This place is amazing.
I got the Popeyes protein and it was totally refreshing and the little blender girl had the nicest attitude.
Will be returning

Great place, incredibly convenient if you're staying at The Palazzo.
Located right off the guest elevators on the casino level.
Grab and go green drinks and more (made fresh daily) and on the spot freshly made smoothies.
Everything you need to stay perky for those early morning meetings after late nights enjoying all Vegas has to offer.
At $11 it's expensive for juice, but well worth it.
Less than the cost of a fancy cocktail and 10x the benefit.
Thanks Juice Farm for bringing healthy to the strip.

Bleh $14 for a smoothie?
Not worth it...
I expected it to be amazing but it sure wasn't!
I forgot the name of the smoothie I had...
But I know it was suppose to have bananas and grapes in it.
I didn't even see the lady put those two ingredients in there!
That alone made the smoothie super bland especially because the almond butter and coconut water made it super grainy...

The woman at the register was semi helpful, I was expecting a juice/vegetable connoisseur to help with me and my partner's EDC hangover.
Instead she suggested the green shot and we just picked a juice ourselves for almost $20.
I would probably come back again like a fool telling myself it's healthy and it will cure any type of hangover but I should remember to not expect much.
I'm sure all the juice have their health benefits but I was just expecting to feel instantly better.
Oh well.
FYI the beet juice makes you poop that color, it's normal.
I wish I didn't waste my time freaking out about that... Lol

