Fast, friendly and convenient!
Do I sound like a commercial?
I HATE dealing with car stuff and I hate it even more when they tell you this and this is wrong or needs to be replaced etc.
Anyways, Dino's was probably one of the fastest oil changes and smog checks I've ever gotten if not THE fastest.
I was taking my car to the dealership and even with an appointment it was a good hour wait at least and sometimes even 2 hours.
The prices are really reasonable as smog checks and oil change shouldn't leave you broke.
The customer service was spot on.
I pulled up and some one came over to help me right away.
They took down my info and I was on my way to the waiting area.
There are two waiting areas.
One inside Dino's which is a bit small but you can walk 10 steps to the gas station and wait in that waiting area.
This is where Demetrius had told me to wait since I had the baby with me and there was a kiddie table and chairs so she sat in her own chair which was more comfy for me.
Demetrius had found me in the waiting area and told me that everything was done and I was ready to go.
You get a free exterior wash with an oil change but I didn't ask if you could upgrade to a towel dry and vacuum.
I'll have to ask next time because I know I'll be back.
It's a bonus that they are open on Sundays too so next time I can send my husband out to take care of it.

I can not say enough good things about Dino Lube.
They were friendly, courteous, and quick!
I received a free car wash too!!
I highly recommend this shop!

Always come here.
Guys are super helpful.
They offered to install my headlamps.
For free.
Thanks to mike, Mitch, and Demetrius for the great service.
That's exact reason why I come back everytime.
Also, they have military discount here as well.

These guys are fast and friendly.
Although it's kinda pricey compared to their other competition sometimes I don't mind spending the money for my car.
Demitirus the service guy is great and friendly, also not pushy, but honest as well.
Will be coming back.
Price paid $68 for full synthetic.

Fast, clean.
Nice people.
I only did smog test but what a great staff.
I didn't pass but the employee explain to me how to drive the computer cycle ...
Thank Frankie.
I PASS

Quick and friendly service.
I was however disappointed in the price.
The menu said $30 for a basic oil change.
When I went to pay the bill was $42.76.
No where on their menu did it say anything about filter chargers or additional fees for the oil or disposal fees.

My uncle recommended this place to me.
It is only a few minutes from where I live.
I've been here several times, and each and every time is a great experience.
The guys at Dino are always courteous and kind.
They smile and they patiently answer all my questions and concerns.
It's tough being out there in the heat, but they still manage to have a great attitude.
The line for the smog check was very long, so the guy that did my oil change went ahead and took care of it by waiting in line for me.
The service here is also very quick.
Great customer service is what makes a business, and this place always go above and beyond!

This is the only place I come for oil changes; it's just convenience that they're located right around the corner, but I would probably drive a few more miles to go to this place in particular.
The rates for oil changes are competitive with other quick lube places, they aren't $10, but I'm also not sitting in a lobby for an hour and I don't know about you but my time and sanity are valuable to me.
Besides, $68 for a full syn oil change is about right anyway.
The guys that work here are super nice.
They're not pushy like the gentlemen that are trying to sell you chip repairs.
This is the only con associated with Dino lube- those guys will always flock to you.
Given an option, I would always have my air filters changed by these guys, the price is on point (if not even a little cheaper) than buying the filters yourself.
So if you value your time like I do- stop in and be back on the road before your coffee has had any chance to cool down.

Super Friendly and speedy service!
You can grab a cold drink and a snack while you're waiting and they'll be done before you check out.
They're also open on Sundays!
Bonus!

All the reviews are true!
Sometimes I read reviews on Yelp and find that the service or the experience is not what the reviews say.
This time, all the reviews were true.
Demetrius was very kind and quick!
The service I received was far above my expectations!
Highly recommended.

