Let me clear something up straight away... Taquito is more of a Taco Bell rather than being Edinburgh's answer to Chipotle or Moe's.
Now that that's out of the way...
I stopped in here for a quick bite at a cheap price... and that's exactly what I got.
For just under £4 I had a decent chicken burrito and a canned fizzy drink.
The burrito was good (for Scotland standards).
While the chicken and rice were great, it could use some improvement on having more fresh ingredients.
For example, I'm pretty sure the jalapeños (chills) were the kind from a jar, which is odd because I think fresh ones are actually cheaper than buying them in the jar.
Also, I didn't notice much if any cilantro (coriander), which is one of the things that usually sticks out to me when I have fresh Mexican or southwest food.
At any rate, I would by no means be planning to compare it with a burrito you might pick up in Mexico or the USA.
The service had much to be desired, but I must remind you that the window says "Mexican Street Food.
" Taquito reminds me a lot of a taco truck that might be parked on the side of the street, and with that in mind the service is quite similar.
They take your order, eventually ask for your money (which could be a few minutes later), and not really much to say other than that.
it's actually a bit confusing when it comes to figuring out where to queue to order and also to wait for your order, so if it's a bit awkward you're not the only one.
There really isn't much seating.
It's not the place for planning to sit down and enjoy a meal with friends.
The seating suggests exactly what I believe is intended... either you're eating quick and then on your way, or your getting it takeaway.
I was on my own and just wanted a quick lunch, so Taquito was perfect.
You may be wondering with my review why I've given it 4 stars.
The reason for this is that you can be out the door for less £3.50-4.00 and when I compare that to what I could get elsewhere for the same price, it really can't be beat.
Until Chipotle breaks out of London (and cuts their price in half), I'm happy to go to Taquito.

Wonderfully humble cheap Mexican for the locals.

