Great service with a smile and donuts as good as I remember them from my childhood.
Bosa has been in AZ since the 70's   This brand new location is a welcomed  addition to Ahwatukee.
They have seating inside and out.
Inside there is a big screen TV to catch your local news with a cup of Jo and a donut for $2.99.
Make sure and support this local business!

Delicious!
Loved the option of ordering a Thai Tea with my donut.
Friendly staff too.
I will definitely be returning.

I've said it before and will say it again: BoSa is like crack in a box...you just can't get enough!
This store is nice, but much smaller in comparison to the location on Baseline and Mill here in Tempe.
This one happens to be located in a small strip mall next door to the Jack In The Box on Ray Road, just down the street from the I-10 Freeway.
This place is definitely hopping, as I witnessed this myself the day I went in.
I got what I needed within 5 minutes' time, and the girl at the register recognized me from the Southern and McClintock location.
Very friendly and hardworking people run these donut shops and they always have a smile on their faces, even in times when it's crazy packed with people!
Their donuts are always fresh and delicious as well.
Also, this store offers free Wi-Fi, so feel free to have coffee and a donut, and play on your smartphone while visiting the shop.

Boss has my favorite donuts in Phoenix!
They are always really friendly, have excellent, fresh donuts and coffee, and at the same or better prices than their competition.
If you haven't been, go now!!

The donuts are the bomb, but the staff isn't the happiest bunch of peeps, but their kind.
Nice place though

Donuts are good.....but beware of staff.
I went in twice & asked for a "plain" donut & both times I got home to find "berries" inside of my "plain" donuts!!
Love to get home & not have what you ordered, especially when I asked THREE times.
I decided to go back to get the "right" donuts & was greeted by the same employee that just looked at me with confusion in her eyes....might not understand the language, but replaced the donuts & pushed a trash can over to me to throw the other donuts away with HER BARE FEET!!
Yes, she had no shoes on behind the counter.
Is that not some sort of a health issue.
Nonetheless, I will never return.
The search continues for the perfect donut!

I may never go to Dunkin Donuts again!
First of all, the donuts here just in terms of softness and freshness are head and shoulders above most other donut shops.
The donuts practically melt in your mouth without having to chew...I would feed these to babies and denture-less octogenarians.
The flavors are also stellar.
Typically I go with maple or chocolate frosted donuts, and they do both those flavors very well here.
However, my new favorite that I never saw coming was the strawberry frosted.
Although I am sure they use artificial flavoring, it has more of a genuine strawberry taste to it than I have ever experienced.
Just stellar.
Their hours are also pretty unique too, as far as donut and coffee shops go.
While they open as early as expected, they stay open until late...like, 9pm or 10pm late which is cool if you are a night owl and get a donut craving.
The best part is that they run a bit cheaper than chain donut stores.
I was able to get a dozen donuts plus an extra one on the side for $10 bucks and some change, which is a good deal.
When you're supporting a local business on top of all this, I don't know how you can resist.
** They do add an extra few cents for credit card purchases under $5, but that seems to be a more and more common occurence among small businesses due to fees from banks.
But something to keep in mind, if you are just going for coffee and a donut you may want to have cash on hand.

Competes with Krispy creme, the blueberry cake donut was deeelicious.
The dozen donut wholes was surprisingly priced reasonable, and the old fashioned dipped in chocolate, of course, was very tasty

This place is simply awesome for a donut place !!!
The donuts are delish , service was great .
I tried their jalapeño ham cheese croissant and it was amazing to say the least ..
I grabbed a dozen of glazed and mixed donuts for my class and it was a hit .
Tasted great even after lunch .
Simply put this is like a Krispy Kreme minus the hype , the IRS tax evasion and the priceyness .

