The BEST Limo service in Las Vegas is United Car Service (Las Vegas).
Recently I had a driver pick me up on a busy Friday afternoon.
He was awaiting my arrival at the ariport, drove me to many different locations throughout the evening and into the late night.
My driver had a wonderful personality, was courteous, a safe driver and never kept me waiting.
I can't wait for my next trip to Las Vegas, to be able to have United Car Service drive me around again in the city that never sleeps.
It was a five star (*****) night!
Thank you United Car Service.
CS Los Angeles, CA

United Car Services are always very professional and courteous.
Every time that I am in Vegas I use their services, be it, for business or pleasure.
United Car Services always makes me and my friends feel very special.

BEST drivers are always on time and know the city well.
Very Old School service.

Love this service the drivers are always on time and know the city very well.
Cars are clean and new, So far that I have seen this is The Best Limo Service in Las Vegas

Why does Yelp only give you an option to rate with five stars?
I would give United Car Service ten stars!
Recently I went to Vegas with my girl and my buddy told me to use United Car Service for our limo.
Let me tell you, it was great!
Our driver was polite and funny.
Picked us up at the hotel, not only was he on time - he was early!
He took us to dinner, after that dropped us off at the party.
We asked him to wait a little becasue the party did not look so hot.
And it was not.
After a not so good time at the party, my date and I wanted to just have a good night.
Our driver took us to the most bitching party ever and then took us back to our hotel.
I will most definitely use United Car Service and will tell all of my buddies, and we party in Vegas a lot!
Order United Car Serivce and don't even worry about it.

United Car Service made my trip to Vegas with my girlfriends the BEST!!
I arranged for pick-up at the airport and our driver was ready and waiting for us.
He loaded all our luggage with a big smile.
We thought we were only going to need the service for the airport travel, but ended up keeping our guy for the weekend!
He made our trip so easy and comfortable.
He knew all the locations and was always available and very communicative.
Vegas can be super hectic and it's a big place, so we were so lucky to have such a knowledgeable and friendly guide.
Thank you!!

The best service in town by far.
very professional, luxury service.
The united Car service in Las Vegas is truly amazing and they have my business for life.

Me & the girls were in Vegas for the weekend, So a friend of ours was recently there & raved about United Car Service.
I am so grateful that I booked with UCS,from the time I called & made reservations the Friendly,Polite,Courteous Staff made me feel Special:) Our driver was Professional, Groomed, Adorable & Funny.
We will be going back in a month for a Bachelorette Party & Most Def Booking with UCS from here on,our previous experience with another limo co was not the greatest,felt like we Struck Gold with UCS.
Thanks a Mill UCS

The best in town!
Driver was courteous ,  and knowledgeable.
The car was immaculate .
I would use United again, and recommend to friends here -- and visitors to the city.

A united driver by the name Johnathan Wandler takes advantage of individuals seeking a taxi or ride on the strip offering to help.
He does not tell you he is a not a taxi but rather a car service til after he has taken off with you in the car.
There is no license displayed nor rates.
Upon arriving at destination I am expected to pay a price that is well over double the cost of a taxi.
It is very scammy and needs to stop.
He should be upfront about cost first to those he is offering a ride off the street (or in front of hotel).
He then offered to help reduce cost to $30 which I still was upset that he wasn't upfront (or advertise price in car).
When I went into building to ATM and got out two 20s and asked front desk for change to give him 30.
He said no it's not 30 anymore because you got upset.
And if you don't pay I can make it up $300.
What a horrible experience.
Thanks for ruining part of my vacation.
I would like a call from united explaining how this is acceptable service.

Last night we went to find a taxi and accidentally found Jonathan with United car service....he offered his limo service and told us up front exactly what the charge would be when we told where we wanted to go.to dinner.....we decided to use him instead of the taxi.....he was very nice and friendly......he suggested places we would like...and  gave us his card in case we wanted to use him on other occasions.....we liked him so much we used him on our return trip home......today we made the reservation at the place he suggested and hoped he would take us but unfortunately he was off.....maybe tomorrow.....we will definitely use him on other occasions and recommend his service

Great company!
Very helpful and hands on.. Would definitely recommend to anyone traveling to Nevada.
Staff was polite, accommodating, and more than willing to help out.
Certainly the Best Limousine Service in Las Vegas!

What  I like most about Using United Car Service of Las Vegas is how easy it is.
Las Vegas can be difficult to get around on busy night, long taxi lines etc.
When I call United they dont bother me with a lot of questions, "Do I have an account" "what is your credit card number" They just ask me my cell number and in fact now they know me and they connect me with a chauffeur asao.
The drivers are always helpful and very professional, I have never waited more then 15 mins for a car and in most cases its really only a matter of mins.
The cars are new the drivers are really interested in helping me in anyway possible.
I used them during CES this year and was happy to always hear that they could get me service, This company is a tight group of people and I cant say enough about how great they are.

I've been meaning to write this for a while.
I used United during EDC and the driver was superb.
He was able to navigate the confusing pick up and drop off procedure and get us there ASAP.
Definitely 5 star service.

