"The Sub that Sunk"    A solid three stars for the customer service at this new location with friendly service with the staff that seemed to be enjoying there time working with each other.
I did receive my free sub for the grand opening of this location, however even though the deli meats were sliced in front of you to prove the freshness of their ingredients, my Italian sub was "A-OK."  I would consider going again because of the service, but maybe a second try with a different sub will satisfy my sub appetite.
I kept comparing it to Jimmy Johns Subs which are much tastier, however service is lacking.

I like Jersey Mike's.
This location opened in the last month or so; I went there right after it opened and also a couple weeks after.
I always get a cheesesteak with no peppers.
Both times the sandwich was good, up to par with other locations.
Like the other reviewer said, the employees were bantering back and forth with each other in a friendly way.
The toppings here are pretty limited, but they do slice the meats to order and give you a choice of white or wheat bread.
They have a few hot sandwiches, and offer sides of chips and cookies and have fountain drinks.
I always get a regular sub, since the giant ones are GIANT.

Get it Mike's Way.
It's really good.

I had to do it.
I couldn't help myself.
I know it was bad and I should have resisted.
But it was mocking me.
All full-colored and smug on the menu board above my head.
So, I ordered it, saying quietly to myself, "well, I'll save half for tomorrow".
Yeah, right.
It was the giant-sized sub at Jersey Mikes.
I went with the Italian meats version.
The sandwich guy looked smug as he started slicing the meats and cheeses, gently laying them on the super-long crusty Italian bread.
I had the sandwich "Mikes way", but without the onion.
raw onions give me indigestion.
Much like eating giant sub sandwiches for lunch.
There is a small condiment bar and you have the sandwich guy dress the sandwich similar to Subway, but the ingredients look fresher, and there are fewer choices.
That's ok though, because, unlike Subway, you don't need to pile a lot of crap on this sandwich to get some flavor.
It's all in the meats.
I asked him to slather on some Mayo too.
I love Mayo.
Especially on giant italian-meat sub sandwiches.
Grabbing a bag of chips to go with it, this lunch came in at a whopping $13 and change.
I snared the sandwich and headed back to the office, still convinced I would be enjoying this beast for the next couple of days.
When I got to my desk and opened this lovely creation, I immediately noticed the guy cut it into 4 chunks.
What, is this another slap in my face - bet you can't eat all 4 pieces!
I bit into the first chunk.
The bread was fresh and crusty on the outside, creamy-chewing on the inside and the meats and cheeses were flavorful, not overpowered by the addition of jalepeno pepper.
Oil and vinegar mashed with the mayo and leaked out on the paper wrapping.
I didn't care.
I forgot about the chips as I attacked the second chunk, still thinking this would be enjoyed tomorrow too.
It was too good.
The challenge was right there in front of me.
Just two more small chunks....I succumbed.
Scarfing the last two chunks, I had to let the button loose on my jeans to allow this beast room to roam my tummy.
It felt good.
It was evil.
sublimely evil.
To hell with diets.
Jimmy John's is a fading memory, with Jersey Mikes - nobody yelled at me when I came in the door, they built an awesome sub sandwich and I totally devoured it.
Jersey Mikes, I'll be back.
Next time I'll order the regular size though.
(right.

Hot Sandwiches are awesome.....cold sandwiches just average.
I highly recommend the Chicken Cheese Steak......peppers....onions....chipotle mayo....mmmmmmmmmm....real good.
The Service could be better....but all in all not a total loss.
Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!

I have been to jersey mikes before but in another state.
I can't lie this wasn't my first choice for lunch but my other choice was packed.
The place was clean and well kept and the staff was friendly and inviting.
There was seating but not a ton which I suppose is part of the business design.
The subs were good but not a ton of choices.
I got an Italian style sub while my wife got the chipotle philly steak sub.
Both subs were good but the price was too high once you added a drink and chips.
Our two sub combos along with a kids menu option for my boy was $26.00.
All I'm saying is that I could go to subway and get the same thing for 10 bucks less, along with chemicals is my bread ha!!!
I'm undecided if I will return or not.

I had a bad experience with shitty ATTITUDE.
Bad service w/no training...and yes, this is all about a to go container.
I ordered 5 giant subs to-go for a business lunch.
All plain and requested the condiments on the side.
I have never had such an issue about getting a side of lettuce and tomatoes.
He made the biggest deal about a .05 cent  plastic to go containers....HELLO!!
I just spent 66 bucks AND gave you a $10 tip on top of it.
If anything, I made your day easier by not fully making the subs and putting everything on the side.
Point is, I had a stupid conversation about "well 5 giants subs would be 25 tomatoes..and i don't want to put a tub of 25 tomatoes in a container.
" I had to like bargain with the man and agreed to only 10 tomatoes and whatever space was left for the lettuce in one container.
Next time, offer the catering platter (which is exactly what I ordered...and the condiments come on the side)

I don't understand how this location can be THIS awful when the one on Bell Road, just west of Tatum can be so good?!
Don't bother with this one, drive a little farther and go to the one on Bell.
This one: stale bread, less meat, cheese not melted on hot subs, SLOWWWWW service...it's awful.

Too expensive for what you get.
Other reviewers are right.
The employees have a bad attitude.
Subs are okay, way too salty.

If I could give this location a negative star rating I would.
Every time I have been here has been worse than the prior visits.
This time I only came back to redeem a free sub coupon that I was given on a prior visit when I informed them that they gave me $10 to much when they counted my change back to me.
So I ordered my sub which I had to do three times because the person taking my order couldn't remember anything.
Then when I went to the register they refused to accept the coupon they gave me saying they no longer accept those even though there was not printed expiration date but said they would give me $3 off instead.
After they couldn't figure how to ring it up I was told they were just not going to accept it and I would have to pay full price.
The young man ringing me up had a huge attitude and was a prime example why the minimum wage shouldn't be raised.
To cap off this horrible experience when I got home both of the sandwiches were made wrong.
STAY AWAY from this location if not all of them which is what I am going to do

