In my previous life in education, I heard so much about changing our ideas--our culture--and I always thought it was so much happy horse shit!
When I read Tony Hsieh's book "Delivering Happiness" and I saw the word culture so much, it gave me déja vu all over again.
(Thanks Yogi)  After my tour of Zappos today, I get it and how it works for this company.
You sign up online for the tour.
Parking is in the Zappos' garage off Las Vegas Boulevard before Stewart.
You go to the second floor, sign in with the person in the lobby, and wait for your tour.
You're given an ID badge and a name tag.
Several culture reps divide the group and take you to see Zappos at work.
My culture person was Renée and she was a gem!
She was always happy to be asked a question and she had the answers for us.
We saw some of the call center, the culture section where employees were dealing with customers either online or on the phone.
We got to see the Z Café and the employee patio.
I am sure that the employees are not always smiling and not always happy, but I did see a whole bunch of people who seemed to be happily doing their jobs in a relaxed, informal setting and the idea of culture that Mr. Hsieh has been so focused on works!
The tour lasts just about an hour.
You are free to bring your camera and take photos.
The only thing they ask is that you don't take photos of computer screens (it might have customer information on it or other things that should remain private) and they ask that there be no video.
This is a tour that would be interesting for anyone to take.
It's amazing to see what they did to the old Las Vegas City Hall.

I've always known Zappos was located in the Las Vegas area -- and given that my husband and I were planning to visit Vegas in mid-January for a college reunion, I quickly looked up whether tours were available for Zappos HQ!
Luckily - they were, and I booked 2 tour tickets about 1 month in advance of our trip to Las Vegas.
The process for booking the Zappos company tour is very quick, efficient, and self-explanatory on their website.
On the day of our tour (ours happened to be at 9 am on Tuesday morning, 1/21/2014), we arrived on time, but parking was hard to find!
Parking = it's up a small ramp, into a parking structure.
There was an attendant outside helping to direct us to where to park.
The parking entrance is on Las Vegas Blvd though, so don't go turning onto Stewart Ave.  Once parked, we had to take the elevator up to the Lobby area, and check in at the front desk of the Lobby.
They gave us name badges (stickers) to put on your shirt along with a card-key chain to hang on your neck to access the various doors and kiosks in the building.
Once we were signed in -- they instructed us to go to an atrium area to watch a video of Zappos (basically an intro 101, probably 10 min long) history, culture, how they came to be.
We only caught the last 2-3 minutes of it, unfortunately.
:(  ALERT = be careful if you are LATE to your tour, because my husband and I (including 3 others who were late as well), had to come to the front of the stage where the screen was, and do a little dance for everyone.
It ranges anywhere from "my little tea pot" to "itsy bitsy spider".
hahaha...
The rest of our tour lasted about 1 hour, and our tour guide was very thorough with guiding us from dept to dept and explaining what each dept does, etc.
It was interesting to note all the awards the company won over the years, and how it scaled so quickly over the years.
Many folks in our tour group had questions as well and she tried to answer them as best as she could.
We were free to take whatever pictures we wanted of the premises, and even got a snapshot of where the executives sit as well.
None of them were actually there at their desk though, lol.
At the end of our tour, they guided us back to the lobby area - where we were given a souvenir to take home (a large year book!
) and an opportunity to take photos in the queen/king chair.
:) You'll know what I mean when you go on your visit.
The tour was fun, good learning experience, and I could see how their culture is so special.
Glad we were able to come visit and see how this start-up gained traction and momentum over the years!
Thanks Zappos!

Took the tour again for several reasons.
I was fortunate enough to take this tour a few times early on when they were located in Henderson.
So from there to now in the beginning stages of the Down Town project I've seen the changes and differences within the tour experience from an outsiders point of view.
Honored to see how things have evolved greatly for Zappo.
I got to meet Tony Hsieh in passing the last time I was in Henderson.
What I can say is overall I always leave inspired and with new knowledge.
This time was a treat because I got to see a Zappo friend.
Dani "The Culture Kitten" Greer.
Always graceful, fun and full of spunky personality.
Besides for being gorgeous.
I walked in last from the group and Dani remembered me by name instantly.
It was awesome to reconnect and see her work her magic.
We got to share a couple good laughs.
Really nice to see her.
Last time I came I was with a major clothing store head honchos and me.
So it was a joke at the time.
Ok the new tour at the down town location.
Nice parking structure and in zappo style.
Security tells me "park on the right, walk into the jail cell and take elevator to lobby.
" HA ha what?
Ok.
Walking to the lobby I pass the space ship with genie in a bottle style décor.
Love it!
It's actually an option for meeting space.
Through the lobby doors... wow you have security now?
That's new!
Spacious lobby.
Free popcorn, coffee and water.
I spot the huge signature Grey Goose bottle on the rustic table.
Tony's favorite.
The books that Tony has read is now incased and is available for $10 which goes to a elementary charity.
Take the tour on the different floors.
At the end of the tour we walk away with their culture book.
It's just inspiring, fun and a learning experience each and every time.
I'll blog in detail my entire experience.

The Californication of Nevada.
Hideous work environment ...   Messier than google ... And I thought that would be hard to beat!
I can't even buy shoes there any more because my last experience with customer service was....   Well....   CREEPY!
Was a huge fan and dropped bank year after year.
No more

Absolutely recommend this amazing tour this is for everybody in business how to learn culture!
Nice nice happy happy happy people

Loved this!
How many offices would you actually take a tour of?
Say what you want about the Downtown Project, Zappos itself is a company I would love to work for.
If you have ever (or are currently) working in a shite office for a company that makes you feel like you're just a statistic, than you should check out the culture here at Zappos.
From the tour alone, I learned about the transparent corporate ladder, saw open workstations, casual dress, Batista's, free food, supplemented food, 'quiet floors', outdoor areas and a life coach.
A LIFE COACH.
If that's not caring, I'm not sure what is.
Seriously, check this place out.
It's really great to see a company investing in its own employees once in a while.

I really loves visiting here!
The staff was really friendly and seemed like they really nailed their work environment!
It was very refreshing to see how everything operated.
I kind of accidentally found this place, thought they were actually going to have a store.
Instead it was their master head quarters.
They had a lot of great luxuries that other companies wouldn't provide their staff with.
Not to mention the things they have access to- like getting their car serviced while at work is a definite plus.
They also have a always open door policy where their high up work on the same level as everyone else.
That was nice to see!
The only ones who have closed offices are the lawyers and the licensed life coach.
I thought that was pretty cool to have.

I have done the tour before at the old location twice with my old company.
The new location is even cooler.
They had some employee lunch and fun activities going on which made it even better.
My tour guide was Christina and she was doing an apprenticeship to move to the Culture team and she was amazing.
She answered all out quirky, nosy questions and still kept it fun.
She was also very friendly to us and all the co-workers.
I saw some things have changed like the book at the end that people can take but that makes sense.
They didn't have any culture books there to give out either but we can always get that online.
Either way, my fiancé and I had a blast during our trip to Vegas by doing the tour.
Thank you Ashley from the insights team on hooking us up!

Went to zappos for the anniversary sale.
Great community event.
Shoes were odd selection and expensive.
Didn't buy anything, but had fun.

