First off I must mention that I'm beyond excited for this concept!
Payton Curry is in da haus with some fantastic ceviche options!
Wardy is stepping up his food game and rocking out some amazing things from the kitchen!
Oh and for all you gluten free peeps out there, you'll be beyond thrilled with all the options you'll have with this amazing menu!
Which by the way is all about LOCAL LOCAL LOCAL!!
Almost everything that comes out of this kitchen is locally grown, hormone and preservative free and FRESH!
They even have the fish flown in 6 days a week!
Lets start with appetizers...
The chips are made in house daily, lightly salted and gluten free!
The table side guacamole is super fresh and made to order.
All three fundidos are amazing so don't forget to give those a try too!
Both the Albondigas and the Tortilla soups are flavorful and heart warming.
If your looking for a salad you've come to the right place!
The shaved Kale salad is AMAZING!!
(yes I am now a believer that kale can be amazing!
PS.
add chicken) The Haus Chopped has a creamy cilantro dressing that's drinkable it so good!
(please don't drink the dressing that would be gross) The Jicama salad surprised me.
It was super crisp and refreshing!
(make sure to add tuna or shrimp)    I tried all the empanadas and they all were fantastic... or what the tacotarians call "pillows of bliss".
My favorite was the Carne Asada only because I loved the seasonings on the meat and how they compliment  the cilantro crema on the bottom of the plate... but seriously they are all awesome!
$3 TACOS!!!
OH yeahhhh!
You can mix and match your own little taco stand to please your cravings!!
Choose from: Fresh fried fish, mouth watering pork belly, in haus rotisserie chicken, marinated carne asada or local veggies!
They all come served on their haus made gluten free tortillas!
There's two options for how you'd like to go about the main entree portion of dinner.
You can go ahead and order your own entree or theres also a section on their menu called "taquiza" and those are entree options for two to share!
Both sections have amazing options like grilled tuna, scallops, beef or pork tenderloin, flank steak, you can even order a whole rotisserie chicken.
(They have other options too, but these are a few of my favorites).
Now for my favorite part....
The ceviche!!
I was nervous at first but I gave them all a shot and I'm so happy I did.
The Halibut was by far my favorite.
It melts in your mouth with its buttery taste and texture and kicks you at the end with a citrus note.
The Ahi ceviche was my runner up, SUPER FRESH!
I'm not a shrimp or scallop person but I went out on a limb and tried them both...
The shrimp was light and refreshing and the scallops were herbal and buttery, to both I'd give a thumbs up!
All ceviche is served in an avocado.
Desserts --THE TRES LECHES IS TO DIE FOR!!!
The flan and homemade chocolate bar are also mouth watering!
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila... more?
Taco Haus has over 36 tequilas, 20+ beers (including big bombers!
), an amazing wine list (+ sangria), Haus cocktails that will knock your socks off and duh!
tons of awesome margaritas!!!
Be sure to try the Vergara Margarita- which is Serrano infused,  soooo good!
Okay okay so the food and drinks are amazing but that's not it!
Taco Haus has an awesome environment and a killer staff!
And once again they support local business.
They even had a local artist come in and paint the walls!
All in all it really is comes down to... Tacos, Tequila, Ceviche, Cerveza...
I'm sold.

When I am running around at 3:00 am with AK blazing and two 40s strapped to my head while I suck' em down, I think there is nothing better than tacos from a drive thru.
Imagine my delight when I read about a new Taco place that has a carry out window!
THen imagine one of the best meals that you can have with the freshest ingredients put together by one of the most creative Chefs in the valley, Payton Curry.
With Dave Andrea at his side, the concept reallyyy works.
Peg and I went last night to the first official night of service.
We tried several ceviches (scallop, shrimp, and ahi) and could literally taste each ingredient.
The freshness was amazing.
We had three tacos (pork belly, carne asada, and chicken) and I was thankfully not transported back to the bag o'tacos that I have had in the past.
Because I always look for what I call "cool and creamy" at the end of a meal with wonderful spices, we tried the Tres Leches cake that was made in house by Shantal.
This is a definite must...and a very cool addition to your list of special places!

Came to check things out...pretty disappointing...had fish tacos and rice..fried fish was decent but the grilled was gross and the rice was awful..Service and decor were nice but way too expensive for what you get..my friend had a salad that he disliked.
Hope they get things dialed in because the concept is good.
The execution is not..

This latest attempt to open a trendy restaurant near Scottsdale Road and Shea appears to be an early failure; so disappointing because we need more quality eateries around here.
The pork belly taco was way too dry and quite cold by the time it arrived.
The carne asada taco was the best thing I ate here, but it was mediocre compared more authentic Mexican fare (e.g.
Habañeros).
For non-authentic (gringo) tacos, the beef shoulder taco at Salty Sow is far superior.
The halibut ceviche was extremely bland, nearly awful, and at $12, a ripoff as well.
There were only a very few pieces of inadequately marinated and under-seasoned halibut.
I could taste the lime, but the dish lacked salt, cilantro and had virtually no chile flavor.
I travel down the Baja coast regularly for work and I know what halibut ceviche can be, this place does not have it.
The fish was borderline not-fresh (per my nose).
The dish included an inordinate amount of vegetables, presumably to make up for the lack of halibut.
The chef used (far too many) raw-ish kernels of yellow corn, which were extremely starchy (well out of season!
) and made the whole dish very unpleasant to eat.
I SO wanted to like the ceviche, but I simply could not finish it.
The best thing I tasted here were the home made corn tortillas that came with the tacos.
I found them to be quite excellent.
All told, I spent $40 on dinner for one (including one draft beer which was not cold enough) and left hungry.
This place just opened this week.
Against my better judgement, I will give it one more try.

This place opened 1/21/14 been watching them construct the place, was excited to go there.........it SUCKS!!!!
Fox10 news lied big when the had these people on to promote, they should be a shamed of them selves to tell people to go there  when they tasted the horrible food.
All my dishes (which is a la cart) tasted like fish, inside smelled like fish.
So I sat outside.
I has a chicken taco, pork taco, both had no flavor and they give it to you in 1 tortilla.....hello street tacos come double stacked, had the Columbian rice, is was crunchy jasmine rice with lemon squeezed on top, the salsa was bad also had no flavor either.
Nothing had flavor.
My friend had the fish taco and said it was nasty.
They give you a 40.oz empty bottle of beer filled with water (tap I'm sure).
And the service sucked, waiter asked if we wanted our checks and forgot.
The lunch crowd was gone.
I had to get up and going inside and tell the guy "did you forget us".
I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!
Lucky I gave them 1 star, guess I had 2 eat it, pissed I did and paid for it.

What a delightful new restaurant!
I'm a sucker when it comes to tacos, or anything Mexican inspired for that matter and taco haus has all of this and more!
For starters, the decor is awesome.
Unique, semi steam punk with great metal light fixtures, Edison bulbs only add to the glory, nice wooden tables and community style seating make it feel welcoming.
Don't forget to check out the art piece on the bar wall, it's something I would kill to have in my living room.
We thought the service was great, friendly and fast and everyone working was happy to please and full of smiles.
Now the most important part and my favorite, the FOOD!
The kale salad was fresh and delicious.
I immediately felt healthier after enjoying this.
The guacamole was perfectly flavorful on top of lightly salted, fresh tortilla chips.
The empanadas (pillows of bliss as they call them) were heaven and I was happy to learn the dough is gluten free and made in haus.
You can't go to a place called taco haus and not order at least one taco, that would be a tragedy!
The tacos are "street size" which is perfect because then you can order a couple or one of each!
My top picks were the carne, pork belly and chicken.
We also indulged in some ceviche from the cevicheria.
I'm typically skeptical when it comes to ordering seafood in the desert but let me tell you, this fish was fresh!
I've never had better ahi and the halibut melted in your mouth.
The flavors were phenomenal in both and I'm dying to go back and try the scallop ceviche.
Everything tasted so fresh and like it was actually prepared to order not thrown in a science oven (microwave) and tossed on a plate.
There was beauty from the quality of food to the presentation to the taste to the way you felt after eating it.
Although Mexican is my favorite cuisine, I always feel full and heavy after eating it due to excess cheese, lard, sour cream, etc.
At taco haus the food is flavorful and light.
Don't forget about the sweet stuff!
We took the tres leches cake home and it was literally gone in 15 seconds.
I think I'm still upset that we didn't order two.
The lesson I hope you will take from this lengthy review is to go to taco haus!
Support a wonderful, local business that buys local, fresh ingredients.
It makes such a huge difference in flavor and is more nutritious.
Stop giving your hard earned money to corporate restaurants that open up frozen bags of over processed, high sodium, fat filled garbage.
Enjoy food that is made from scratch, for you!
Bon appetite.

Loved my Shaved Kale Salad w/ a light honey citrus vinaigrette.
Didn't get a chance to try a Shake-a-Rita but I will be back for Gringo Hour or Taco Tuesday.
Going to being back my girlfriends to hang on the patio

Do NOT go here right now.
I am sure this will be a great restaurant once they iron out all the kinks.
We went last night with a party of 8, so yes it was a larger party, but 4 of the diners were kids eating off the kids' menu.
Not too hard, right?!?
We arrived at 6:05 at 7:22 we asked our server what was taking so long and if they could please just bring out the kids' cheese crisps.
At 7:35 Two Adult entrees came out, and were cold.
At that point we told our server the kids were "done" and we wanted to leave.
He came back with the FULL check (even though we had still not received over half our food) luckily at this piont the manager had overheard our disappointment and told the server he would take care of it.
Got home at 8:00 and instead of relaxing and enjoying the rest of our Friday night, I got to cook dinner for my family.
Loved the quaint feel of the restaurant, and hope they work out all their problems.
This could be a great restaurant in the future.....just not right now.

The tacos were superb!
The margarita was everything it should be.
The flan and tres leches cake were unlike any I've tried, in the best way.
The house-made chocolate bar was not too sweet, and flirted with salt and pomegranate.
Tia, our server, was friendly and attentive.
When the chips didn't come out to her satisfaction, she made sure to bring some that did.
Many members of the staff, including the chefs, manager, and assisting service staff all came to ensure our meal was to our liking, and did so with a sincere effort that wasn't overbearing.
Last, but not least, our water was refreshed until we left - a small, but important, detail that is usually overlooked.
For a restaurant that has been officially open a few days, it has the feel of your favorite neighborhood hot spot that has been long-established.
Chef Payton and Dave cultivate a work environment that is clearly enjoyed by all the staff.
Bottom line: fantastic food and drinks, served with genuine heart, at a great value... it doesn't get any simpler than that!
Highly recommended!

Taco Haus service is terrible.
While waiting to give our initial orders we had the same person come to our table twice with somebody else's food.
we witnessed her actually drop off an appetizer  to the wrong  table, it was a group of people they each were  wondering who ordered it.
We were about to leave when we were finally asked  what we wanted.
We LOVE brat haus so we figured it will be worth the wait.
We ordered a cheese and chorizo dip with chips, we also asked  for a side of salsa  The rest of the order is 5 carne asada tacos, one fish taco,  one pork belly taco  and (I think) one chicken.
We also order two beers and a mixed drink I can't identify from  memory right now   we are brought soup which nobody ordered.
we told the lady this was not ours, then we are brought empenadas which we also didn't order we tell her this is not ours either.
she takes it.. as if  its our fault we didn't order them.
Then some of our drinks come.
We get one of our beers and the mixed drink.
The  second beer the guy says "oh we don't have that, I'm sorry I forgot we were out'    Finally our tacos come with the substitute beer, and then our appetizer comes out slightly after.
Fine we ordered them at the same time no big deal..you'd think right?
The appetizer was supposed to be melted cheese and chorizo.
Its stone cold to the point its hard.
No chips would pierce this wall cheese.
I'm feeling lucky for some reason so I ordered a second beer as the food was dropped off.
The  tacos were tasty,  They were good.
there is no denying that.
Smaller portions than I'd have liked but that's understandable for the price.
The waiter comes back for that 'how's every thing tasting' check places do, usually it occurs right as you take the first bite of food.. no we had actually finished our tacos  and there were bits chip  sticking out of the concrete cheese.
I told him that was cold and bad  and I'd like the check.
He comes back.
gives us the check and  tries to give us three  free margaritas.
We decline pay and when he brings our card back.. the elusive second beer  shows up.
I assume the beer was locked in a deathmatch with the side of salsa  and only one could emerge to victorious.
Our original plan was to drink quite a few drinks, go see a movie and  then catch a ride home.
We spent literally two and a half hours  and paid over $50 to end up buying more drinks at the nearby safeway.. and stopping at jack in the box for snacks and going home.
This all could have been avoided if the staff knew what  they were doing.
One other positive thing, the people walking around filling the water glasses were super attentive and and always there.
Maybe they should be given some food to run out to tables as well..
Steer clear of taco haus, especially if you're a huge fan of brat  haus.. it makes it so much more heartbreaking.

I know going to a newly opened restaurant usually involves hiccups in food preparation and service but I was not prepared for a MASSIVE TRAIN WRECK.
This restaurant is NOT READY FOR PRIME TIME.
I thought Taco Haus meant a place with lots of tacos but really they only offer five tacos, A Veggie, Chicken, Steak, Pork Belly, Fish either grilled or Fried.
We ordered one of each  since they are small street tacos, a chicken mole empanada and street corn to share.
Our server said he'd bring us salsas and sauces and did come back with bottled sauces but no salsas.
First comes out our Chicken Mole Empanada.
I liked the unique crispy shell of the empanada but I didn't recognize any sort of mole there anywhere.
A white slightly herb-ed cream was under the Empanada and it was so mildly seasoned I couldn't tell what it was suppose to be but it was sort of tangy and I thought it might be tarter sauce.
Whatever it was I didn't like it.
The Rotisserie Chicken Taco was MEMORABLE because it was the DRY-EST Chicken I ever had and was like SAW DUST in my mouth and also was next to tasteless.
The pork belly taco just seemed like it was deep fried and also lacked flavors.
Similar stories with the fried fish, veggie, steak tacos and street corn.
EVERYTHING WAS UNDER SEASONED.
My grilled Fish taco was INEDIBLE.
It was either spoiled or next to spoiled.
It tasted like rotting fish.
I did inform the waiter and he took it away and insisted on bringing me something else.
I almost died.
In my head I'm thinking I really don't want anything.
Everything was terrible.
My husband asks for a veggie taco to replace the fish.
My waiter told me EVERYBODY WHO HAD THE GRILLED FISH SAID THEY DIDN'T LIKE IT.
If EVERYBODY doesn't like it something is wrong with it.
(fish taco was removed from check and manager did apologized about the fish)  And Lastly the street corn was a terrible concoction.
It seemed like old not so fresh water boiled corn that got slightly browned mixed with popcorn and a spoonful of mayo with so little anything else it had no resemblance  or taste to street corn and had little flavor on it's own.
I only heard good things about the chef from here but I seriously worry about his pallet.
Everything fell short.
SLIGHT UPDATE 2-2-14  Fish Tacos have been removed from the menu since my review.

Food was great.
Ambiance was just the right amount of steam punk.
I had the pork belly tacos and the cured meat melted in my mouth.
The ahi ceviche was perfect.
Being a huge raw foods fan I was very pleased.
My girlfriend and I also tried the tres leches cake and it taste so good make ya wanna smack ya momma.

Went there in a Sunday afternoon and Waited 10 plus minutes for service, so we left.
Very disappointing since I really enjoyed the Brat Haus.
It was even more frustrating that the tables around us were being served and no one stopped by the even ask if we needed anything.

I decided to try Taco Haus last week for lunch and I enjoyed my experience.
The carne asada taco and chicken taco were very good.
The salsa that comes with the chips was excellent.
I think they got their taps mixed up because my Green Flash IPA was something totally different.
Overall, a nice place.
I'll be back.

Excellent food and atmosphere.
You must have the jicama salad, halibut ceviche,and veggie fundido...fantastic!
Great date night experience :-)

I love this place.
We tried many dishes on the menu and I especially loved the ceviches.
I'm glad they have moved into our neighborhood and that there is a place that will be open on the weekends for late night eats and drinks.
I have been there 4 times already and they just opened on the 1/21.
Chef Payton Curry is a great chef and his wife Shantal makes all the desserts.
I'm sure with the new opening there are kinks so cut them a little slack.
It's only been a week.
So cut 'em a little slack.

Overall, I enjoy this restaurant and have been there twice already.
It's great to have new options in the Scottsdale/Shea area.
There is, however, lots of room for improvement, which i guess is to be expected from "new" restaurants, although the owners allege to have plenty of restaurant experience.
Dropped the fish tacos from menu less than a week in, guacamole seriously lacks lime, and the margaritas are both tiny and very watered down.
on the other hand, the shrimp tacos and pork belly tacos are great.
the empanadas definitely stand out, a fancy twist on a well know latin american street food (try the mole chicken).
tres leche cake dessert is the best ive had in the united states.
this restaurant has some potential but i expected more out of the brathaus bros. hope it survives long enough to iron out its wrinkles.

My family and I visited the Taco Haus for the first time tonight.
We received a very cheerful welcome from Chef Payton.
We love going to Brat's Haus  and were happy to see the great job they have done with this new restaurant.
We enjoyed every little bit of the food we ate  this evening.
The service was fast and the girls were happy and fun.
We ate from a ceviches to empanadas.
The pork, chicken and beef taco (carnitas) were delicious.
We had the chance to try the shaved kyle salad and I the flavor still in my mouth.
Fresh, crunchy, and minty flavored.
To end the night, we had some flans and tres leches cake.
Wow!
Loved it!!!
We certainly will be back.
We want to try the brunch menu.
Can't wait for it.

I've been twice now, and had sub-par experiences both times.
I'm a HUGE fan of Brat Haus, and was super excited about Taco Haus's grand opening.
We went with a group of friends on opening night for Taco Tuesday.
We arrived in time for happy hour, but when we asked the server what happy hour specials they offered, he wasn't sure.
He double checked, no problem, and we ordered our drinks.
At 6:00, when Taco Tuesday officially started, we asked what the TT specials were.
Again - no clue.
I looked it up on FB and let him know what I found.
We later saw that there was a stack of TT menus at the hostess stand, but they were not shared with us.
Again, not a super big deal.
I ordered the guacamole to start, which was ok but a little bland (needed more salt or something).
The salsa (both green and brown) were amazing.
For dinner, I ordered the scallop ceviche.
I've had ceviche before, and did not remember it being so raw.
Possibly my fault, if that's how it typically comes, and I just didn't know that.
But the scallops were mushy and not at all appetizing, so I took about a bite and left the rest.
Mind you, I'm a sushi fan, so raw in general is not a problem for me, but the raw scallops were probably a bad choice.
I tasted a friend's empanada, and it was quite tasty.
Overall, I left wanting to give it a second chance, knowing it was opening night and they were still probably just working out some kinks.
The second time, I went for brunch.
I ordered a bloody mary, which was AMAZING.
Honestly, one of the best I've had.
My fiancé ordered a margarita.
Before he could specify WHICH margarita (there are several on the menu), the waitress had already hurried off .
No ask on salt or no salt, either.
She ended up bringing him the house margarita - which was not great.
My fiancé ordered the breakfast burrito, and seemed pretty happy with it.
I ordered the Cubano sandwich, and was less than impressed.
The ham looked like a slice you would get at the deli counter, not the pork i was imagining for a cuban sandwich.
The mustard was little overpowering, and was just your standard yellow mustard.
I feel like I probably could have duplicated that at home.
And the sandwich had no side, which I was kind of hoping for.
We let our server know we were done....and waited.
After about 20+ minutes of trying to track her down and having her race past us (mind you, it was NOT that busy).
she finally came back to our table - and asked if we were done.
We said again that we were, and waited for the bill.
I forgot to mention that we had ordered the guacamole again as a starter.
Same fairly bland taste, but we asked for some salt and that helped.
Then found a hair in my salsa, so the rest sat unfinished.
When the check finally came, I noticed that the waitress had charged me for the guacamole - and also separately for the chips.
I did not pay close attention to my bill the first visit to see if that is common, but I found it weird.
If guacamole is listed as an appetizer, not a side, why WOULDNT it come with chips?
What else would I eat it with?
At this point, we were ready to go, so I let it be.
Both of these visits were in the first week of opening, and so I am hopeful that they will work out the kinks quickly.
I'll give it one more shot, simply because I love it's sister, Brat Haus, so much, and I hope they succeed.

Yvette our server was great!
We had a couple tacos each and shared the purple smashed potatoes, they were like French Fries, very good!

For only being open for a couple weeks this place is amazing!!!
The food, service and atmosphere all an A++++++ I can only imagine what this place will be like in a few months!
I cant wait to go back!

New place in Scottsdale!
We had the Chef's Table and of course, the Chef himself came by, introduced himself and gave us the jicama salad and the kale salad on the house!
Both salads were nice and light, great dressing.
Love the portions, small and affordable.
I had the chicken taco and it was very nice and light and tasty.
I also had the pork belly taco (probably not good for you) but it was delicious!
Crunchy and fatty and very flavorful!
I had rice and lentil and this is the first time I had Mexican food without feeling bloated after.
They make fresh tortillas here, lots of vegetarian and gluten free choices, therefore lots of healthier choices!
The only thing I didn't like here was the amount of noise, very loud.
Perhaps there is no need to have the background music on too high...
Overall, it's a must try!

While we were excited to try Taco Haus, we were very disappointed by the food and the margaritas.
While the service was great, the food was tasteless.
We paid for the high end  tequila in our margaritas but unfortunately could not taste a bit of it.
We sent them back and received what we were told were "much stronger" margaritas, however they tasted very watered down.

Ok, I've been here twice now and am totally loving it.
First time was for dinner, and we tried everything on the menu.
The tacos are the street variety, that is they are soft corn tortillas.
The tortillas are fresh made in-house and are AMAZING!
The other things on the dinner menu are awesome, but the tacos and ceviche stand out the most.
Dessert of flan (slightly firmer texture than expected, but very smooth) and tres leches were also amazing.
They have an excellent drink selection as well.
Second trip: brunch  We started with the fruit plate, a very good selection of a variety of fruits and yogurt.
I ordered the chorizo skillet, a very large portion of eggs, cheese and chorizo (spicy).
It was awesome, and while I hopped to box up half of it, I ended up eating it all.
Others tried all of the other brunch options.
No complaints and many compliments.
I'll also add that the coffee is excellent: I enjoyed it black.
Peyton et al have done it again!
Expect to see a lot more check-ins from me.

New favorite taco spot, great ceviche and shrimp tacos.
Danyell my sever was both professional  and friendly.
Can't wait to go back!

I've been to Taco Haus twice now.
The first time was actually before they opened while they were having a brief 2 hour open house.
They had a few tacos to choose from, chips & salsa, agua fresca, and toward the end they also brought out some ceviche.
Between my husband and I we tried all the tacos (they were offering chicken, carne asada, and lamb).
We were really impressed.
Hubby's favorite was the chicken and my favorite was the carne asada.
The lamb was good, but a bit spicy for me (although it doesn't look like it made the menu anyway).
The ceviche was really tasty too.
I found the chips and salsa to be just okay (chips were really thick, and the salsa needed more flavor) and the agua fresca was watered down (they just had it in a large container with ice already in it).
Overall though, we were happy and it was definitely a place we wanted to go back to once they opened.
We just went back this week for Taco Tuesday.
We had empanadas to start, several tacos, and some street corn.
We had absolutely no complaints about our food.
The chorizo empanadas were great, the tacos were super fresh and delicious, and the street corn was new and interesting (the popcorn made it different, in a good way).
By far our favorite taco was the pork belly.
It was so good we had to get a second round of just those (note: those are not part of the taco tuesday special, but well worth paying full price).
Unfortunately I was on some medication and couldn't have a margarita, but I'm definitely looking forward to one next time.
The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars is because based on some pictures I've seen online (both from the restaurant and from other diners) it seems like their dishes aren't always consistent.
I was expecting my street corn to be on the cob, but instead got a bowl of corn kernels with toppings.
Do they substitute with canned corn when they run out of fresh corn?
My pork belly tacos, while delicious, were pretty plain (just a single stripe of avocado crema on top), but I just saw a picture of the same taco with some beautiful toppings.
These are pretty small things, and they won't stop me from returning.
I just feel like they should provide the same experience for all diners.

Awesome decor and environment.
Health food with lots of flavor and quality ingredients.
Great prices.
What's not to like?
Met the co-owner / chef.
He explained that they source all produce from local farms -- which is important to me.
Lots of gluten free options.
You can tell that they are passionate and care about their food.
Tres Leches cake is freaking insane.
Don't hesitate.

I had been to their sister location, Brat Haus, before but this was my first time to Taco Haus.
My friend and I split the cubano torta, the street corn side and baked bean side.
The torta was delicious and huge so splitting was a good idea.
The street corn was AMAZING.
The charred corn, Mexican cheese and popcorn pieces were the perfect combo.
The baked beans lacked flavor and salt so I probably wouldn't order those again.
I'll definitely be back to try more menu items.
Oh, and they serve you corn nuts to start.
Who doesn't like corn nuts?

I really like the ambiance and decor in this restaurant.
They had very good service, and their food was great.
The guacamole was excellent, chips you can taste are home made which were good too.
I had a carne asada torta.
The portion was big, but it was perfect.
We also ordered the sweet corn which was amazing!
Definitely have to try it.
They also have brunch until 3PM and happy hour after 3 PM.
Great tequila selection and full bar.

We ordered the shrimp ceviche for $10 and it contained exactly TWO shrimp.
What a rip off!
That is just unacceptable.
Oh yeah, and the service was terrible.
Slow and unfriendly.

Read all the other reviews and decided since it was close to home we would try it.
Walking in and seeing it packed was certainly a good sign.
We were seated shortly after arriving and frankly it was a great place to have dinner.
We had two of the ceviches which were both delicious.
I had the carne asada  and the shrimp tacos which were also delicious.
My wife had the kale salad which was different than any other kale salad she had ever ordered.
The good news is that it tasted great and she was quite pleased.
The food was prepared quickly, the server was lovely and quite helpful with suggestions.
We will be back soon.

My friends and I went to Taco Haus today for dinner because I was told by a classmate that it was new and it was good...Well I am thinking that he has never tasted good food because it was very far from good.
We went because we like trying new places but the food lacked something...and not just 1 or 2 items but everything we had lacked something.
First the chips, salsa and guac.
The salsa was way too smoky and in reading different reviews I was disappointed to here that there was a green salsa as well as the too smoky brown salsa.
The guac was good and so were the chips..and that was about it aside from the soda.
We all order Carne asada tacos and the meat was very tough, there was wayyyy to much pickling on the tacos.
I ordered the columbian rice as well because I usually like columbian rice.
However in the past the columbian rice I have had has a little spice to it but this rice was so gross.
It had absolutely no flavor what so every.
We then got the chirizo empanadas and the best I have to say about them is the outer crust.
The chirizo lacked something and I have tasted better chirizo back in my hometown of Milwaukee.
Overall a huge disappointment for the price.
Chipotle is much better for mexican.
We will not return for sure.
So disappointed too because I really like the brat haus

This place is great.
Been there twice and am very happy I went.
Food is great, ambiance is too!

If you're familiar with brat haus in old town you can expect the same...
Same owners, cool decor, great menu.
Definitely not your average taco joint!!
Only issue - service was a little lacking - lots of servers, but they seemed kind of oblivious to what was goin on.
Will try it again though - figure they are just working out the kinks!

First time at Taco Haus.
It's got great curb appeal with a large patio.
We asked for outdoor seating for a large-ish party and they were more than happy to put some tables together for us.
We ordered ceviche and a quesadilla for appetizers and the ceviche was incredible.
Quesadilla was great but the shrimp ceviche was fresh, crisp, and just right for eating outside on a nice day.
We ordered a bunch of different tacos and all were great.
Pork belly was a stand out and so were the veggie tacos.
We also ordered the streat corn which we all decided was the best thing we had on the table.
A definite must for any meal.
I love that the water bottles are recycled 40 oz beer bottles.
Cool hipster touch.
We have quite a few food allergies and after asking a few questions the chef came to talk to us.
Not only was he accommodating to our issues but he was excited by the opportunity to provide good, clean food to us.
What a nice touch.
He told us about his chefs table and tasting menu which we'll be back for.

This is my first yelp review.
Not because I don't use yelp but because I never felt like I needed to write a review...until now.
Decided to try taco haus today because we were in the area and I'm a die hard brat haus fan and I was not disappointed.
Haus margs very yummy had kind of a light soda fizz to them without being too sweet.
Homemade chips totally worth it.
Had 4 tacos (all but the veggie one) while they were all delish the shrimp and pork belly are the ones I would re order if I didn't have someone to share the 4 with.
Great flavor in each though.
And not similar flavors where you're like "wait is that one the carne?
" Great flavors that worked with each meat.
I would have been full after the chips and salsa, margs, and tacos but it was happy hour so we ordered the chicken nachos....huge portion, the peppers and onions on top were a great surprise, and $5 on HH.
Yes please.
So now I'm thinking we're really done eating....just kidding I've heard good things about the tres leches and they weren't wrong.
It was a fantastic finish to a fantastic meal, not to mention our server Robby was on top of it.
Perfect number of table appearances without hovering.
I'll definitely go back and can't wait to try more on the menu.

Ridiculously yummy food.
I go to get my "south of the boarder" fix ;)

A great new place!
We have been fans of Brat Haus and were excited to try their new restaurant Taco Haus.
It did not disappoint.
The staff was friendly, from our host to our waitress Sydney.
We also saw the owner, Dave, who came by to check on us.
We started with the chorizo fundido and it was very good.
You can taste the difference local vegetables make and the Niman chorizo was amazing.
We both tried the brunch items; the chorizo skillet and the huevos rancheros.
Again, both were excellent with fresh local ingredients.
It is a large restaurant with a big patio.
The margarita was fresh and the bloody mary was very tasty!
We haven't tried the tacos yet but plan on coming back on a Tuesday to take advantage of their Taco Tuesday Specials.

Love was in the air...
It was Valentines Day and we had a babysitter (thanks again, Mom!
)  Instead of fighting the crowds and hitting up a fancy schmancy restaurant, I suggested Taco Haus, and I'm so glad I did.
I love the casual atmosphere and the food was out of this world delicious.
Seriously - some of the freshest, tastiest food I've had in quite some time.
It was so good in fact, that I'm rounding up my rating to five stars despite a couple of hiccups with the service that evening.
That and hey - love was in the air!
We ordered a ton of food because the entire menu sounded great... it was hard to choose.
Our feast included:  *the scallop, shrimp, and ahi ceviche - scallop was our favorite but all were great *the jicama salad (which we learned was the original menu item that Chef Payton created to go with this concept) *beef tataki *chips and guac *roasted peppers - beware - they have a kick!
*side of veggies *flan *tres leches  We did a good job demolishing the majority of the meal, but we did take home leftovers, and they were just as good the next day!
Moderate prices considering the food quality, friendly service (even if they are working through the kinks at the moment), and a Valentines Day to remember.
I can't wait for my next visit!

Ate in loved the chorizo empanadas and the ahi tuna but thought the beans were tasteless... All and all I will be back but will not order the beans.

Understaffed.
I like the vibe of this place.
They did a great job on the former Blue Burrito location.
The bar is really cool, however seating is very close together there.
We sat at a high top next to the bar.
We got seated immediately but had to wait so long for a waitress that we almost left.
She came and we ordered.
Chips and guacamole came out right away but no drinks, no waitress.
She was very nice but they are completely understaffed.
She was inside, outside and all over the place.
The table next to us on their way to the movies was getting very frustrated.
After we finally got our  drinks we didn't see her again for quite a while.
I want to give it one more try as I really want to like it, but they need more staff.

Had dinner here with the family the other night...probably will be our only visit to this restaurant.
The neutrals to negatives outweigh the positives.
We started off with an order of the Skillet Nachos.
These were pretty good - no complaints.
The toppings weren't overdone as you may get with other restaurants nachos that drown the chips creating a mushy mess.
For an entrée I had the Cubano torta.
This was good and had a nice flavored mustard.
The rest of the family ordered a variety of tacos.
This is where things started to go downhill.
Rather than have each person's tacos on individual plates they were brought out on one big plate, family style and everyone had to guess and sort out which was what.
The feedback I got on the tacos was they were OK...nothing spectacular.
We also ordered the strEAT corn to share which did have a nice flavor.
However, all the food came out warm, at best.
One positive of the food is the portion sizes were just right.
The service was pleasant enough and the décor was very nice, but those things alone will not warrant another visit.
Also, what is with the Tommy Hilfiger style logo?

I really wanted to like Taco Haus.
I think Payton Curry is a great chef and I live across the street from his newest restaurant.
I went with a few people around the time they first opened and came away unimpressed.
I tried the tacos and had some drinks, but thought the best thing I had was the chips and salsa.
It's definitely not easy to open a Mexican restaurant in Phoenix so I expected better food.
All of the things I had were forgettable, and even though I'd like to give it another try there are so many other restaurants to go to that were never that bad.

Sadly really wanted to enjoy this place with the ideas of fresh non GMO foods etc that they have but they have a small variety only one Vegan choice - veggie tacos / others they could strip off the cheese or sauce & if you want chips & salsa it's extra .
We left - we wished we could have liked them but when you are promoting healty options think vegan too !

Went here to celebrate national margarita day and were greeted by a free sample of their house margarita to start things off!
The margarita was good for a house margarita, but nothing over the top.
The appetizers were fantastic..would go back for another round of guacamole and the ahi ceviche...both were really good.
Ordered a couple of tacos that were good...average.
The side dishes were really good...street corn and lentils...great compliment to the tacos.
We sat outside, which was really nice...perfect evening to dine outside.
Our server was EXCELLENT!
We had a few folks with dietary restrictions and she was more than helpful in navigating the menu and customizing to accommodate us.
Overall, I would go back here for a solid meal.
This is not my favorite mexican restaurant in the Phoenix area, but will definitely be back.

We had lunch with a small group.
Service was prompt and courteous and the patio is very nice.
Pricing was very reasonable.
The food was just 'average' compared to other nearby competitors.
The Carne Asada taco didnt sti well with me, but the pork tacos were pretty decent.
Other people in the group commented that the shrimp tacos  tasted a little 'off the shelf.
'   Overall this one wont be a frequent lunch haunt, but I'll go back sometime Im sure.

We went to check it out last night and took the whole family.
We have 2 little kids (3 and 4).
We ordered the chips/guac.
Loved it!
The kids ate a cheese quesadilla - a little greasy but...cant really complain since they ate all of it which rarely happens.
My husband ordered the cubano torta and said it was amazing and I ordered the halibut ceviche which was also outstanding.
Our waitress Danielle was very helpful and kept a great eye on us and our children.
We will definitely we revisting - thank you Taco Haus!

We've been long-time fans of brat haus and decided to give the new taco haus a try today for lunch.
Not super packed for a Friday and easily found a nice seat on the patio.
The ambiance is nice (and who doesn't like sitting outside in February).
We had two servers come up to us and I think there was some confusion, but no harm done in making sure we were all set.
My husband and I ordered the chips and salsa as a small appetizer and both felt it could have come with more chips (small cereal bowl size) for the amount of salsa verde we received (two cups).
The salsa was pretty sour to both of us and not spicy.
We both ordered a couple of street tacos for lunch.
I don't think I could say I had one that was a favorite, or very memorable.
The shrimp was ok, the pork belly was bland, the carne asada was probably the best out of them but nothing to write home about.
I would say that taco haus doesn't quite compete when compared to other local taco establishments.
It was a good spot close to work and I might stop in for a Taco Tuesday happy hour (for the deals alone), but I won't seek it out again any time soon.

Service was very slow.
Took 10 min to see a hostess to get seated,  20 minutes for drinks and over an hour for dinner.
We ordered street tacos, so I could not figure out the delay.
When the not so helpful manager came over to check on us, the response was " we do not claim to be a fast food restaurant.
" Rude and unnecessary!
He apologized for the slow service, stating they were so busy, however the restaurant was not close to full for a Friday night.
The food was fairly good, but I have had much faster and tastier tacos from a food truck.
However, one point to drill in was that the food was pretty pricey for the quality.
With so many other great restaurants in the Scottsdale area I can say we will NEVER return (that was the conclusion of my party of four and our friends we happened to run into there that night.

Great Brunch!
Bloody Mary's were made from scratch.
Huevos Rancheros were perfect especially the fresh beans.
They are amazing.
Portion sizes are perfect.

Ate here twice last week.
The first time there were three of us, good experience with very fresh food at lunch.
We liked it so much, that we brought a party of 6 back for dinner.
We were excited to show our guests the great items we had experienced previously.
We ended up having a negative experience, with some of our guests saying they won't eat there again.
Overall, the portions are truly too small, especially for a business that is just opening.
A few of us ordered the full rotisserie chicken, which the waiter said served 4.
They brought 5 tiny tortillas, a smattering of corn that did not cover the bottom of the dish and a small serving of beans that were undercooked and therefore hard, for four of us.
When we asked for more tortillas, they brought us two, so we asked for more.
We noticed when the bill arrived, they charged us $3.50 for the "extra" tiny tortillas.
We ordered chips and guacamole before the meal and were brought a cereal bowl of chips, again for six people and a tiny side of salsa.
We had two teenage boys with us, so the rest of the group chose to forego the chips so that they could eat.
Our party of six was seated at one of the long tables in the center of the restaurant.
Halfway through our meal, the waiter came over, told my son to move over on the seat bench and to pick up my purse, which was next to him, because they were going to sit two people AT OUR TABLE for dinner.
The waiter didn't ask, just announced a party of two would be joining us.
It was literally bizarre.
The couple started heading over to our table and then refused to sit with us, as it was obvious that that would be totally weird.
The service was mediocre both visits.
Hoping they really get this figured out as I would like to see a good restaurant succeed at the Shea 14 plaza.
Start with generous portions, consistently fresh food, better service and go from there.

I REALLY ENJOYED THE FOOD!
Very creative Hispanic dishes and cocktails as well.
The atmosphere is quite nice as well.
This place is brand new and has the formula down pat.
GO NOW GRASS HOPPER!

Stopped by for Taco Tuesday and had a great time.
Love the decor and feel of the place.
The house margarita was tasty, and worked well with the chilis I had as an appetizer.
Both the chicken and veggie tacos were great, as was the service.
Definitely will be back.

This afternoon for a late lunch I stopped by Taco Haus we had been regulars at this location when it was Blue Burrito Grille and this place is not what I expected it to be.
Wow it went from casual fast food to full table service with a hostess and everything.
I ordered the Carne Asada Taco and the Rotisserie Chicken Taco, the chicken was good the carne though was really vinegary.
The waitress at the bar was cordial but everything is ala carte.
And a charge for chips and salsa?
Come on now if you're going to charge for chips and salsa it better be as Robert Irvine puts it the best damn chips and salsa on the planet.
They weren't unless you like 2 kinds of mild salsas and thick bland tortilla chips.
Tortilla chips are supposed to be fresh light and crunch these were not plus they seems to me to have been in the fryer too long.
They were crunchy to say the least but can you say hard?
Yes they were very hard.
And who charges for chips and salsa these days?
Especially bad chips and salsa a cup of Pace and a plate of Mission chips would have been better tasting.
The green and red salsas were at least not loaded with garlic like other places but they had no heat, I love a good hot salsa and this was mediocre at best and mild as can be.
And the tacos were what is usually called "street tacos" but typical street tacos have two tortillas sandwiched together and these barely had one and they fell apart on me.
At the old BBG street tacos came in pairs for less money then what I paid for one.
I actually could have gotten a bigger taco for a buck at Taco Bell.
Even Jack in the Box tacos are bigger (ok not very good obviously but bigger).
But were these tacos worth the price?
At $3.25 for one and $2.95 for the other, in a nutshell, no they weren't a very good buy.
I left there with 2 tacos chips and salsa and a beer (ok the West Coast IPA) was good (but not worth $6.00 a pint, I think it was a pint glass) then when I got my bill it was over $16.00 and that was for one person for lunch.
Wow can't imagine what a dinner for two or family would run.
It gets all thumbs down from me I now know what it is like and know not to ever go back there.

I've been here twice (during happy hour) and have been impressed both times, the pork belly tacos were great and I indulged in several of their haus margaritas.
I was tempted to try the ceviche during my last visit which looks amazing but is a bit more expensive than just getting a few tacos.
Wish this place wasn't so far north as I currently live in Chandler!

Ok, you need to know this isn't Mexican food!
It's Spanish/South American/Latino cuisine.
Carne Asada was the absolute best I've had.
Crispy pork belly ditto.
If you're up for something other than Tex/Mex give this a try, if won't disappoint.

Naming the place Taco Haus prepared my palette for a taco experience.
Especially since it replaced Blue Burrito.
But that's not what I had.
It's almost like the chef wants to be a clever alchemist but fails.
Tom Jetland he is not.
I had two tacos.
One chicken.
One carne asade.
The chicken one had no flavor except I could taste the corn tortilla..
The steak one tasted like the steak had been marinated in Worcestershire sauce, which was unpleasant.
I dressed them both up with guacamole and salsa (I had to ask for and they were extra).
I hated the lunch.
The place looks like it would be a great happy hour--inside has picnic table style seating, built to be lined up with butts from the frat house on Saturday night.
There's a lot of seating outside too, which would be a fun happy hour.
Service was slow, although there seemed to be a lot of servers.
My friend and I paid $30 for our lunch, left and went to McDonalds to get ice cream cones to cleanse our palettes from a lunch we are trying to forget.
He had ceviche, by the way, and was more than underwhelmed.
I am happy to read that some of these reviews of Taco Haus are so glowing.
Maybe I caught them on an off day but somehow, I don't think so.
I am a total foodie and this is one place I would not recommend.
But what I will recommend to Taco Haus:  write a little blurb about your style and philosophy on the menus so customers understand they're not getting a taco that their palette might be craving.
I'll give them two stars because it appears they have a wide selection of tequilas.
After enough tequila, anything tastes good, right?

Was confused by the 'Haus' spelling but after learning about the Brat Haus ownership commonality, it made sense... well sort of.
I was hoping for a nice draft list here too but there were only a couple craft beers among the standard Mexican tap handles.
On the whole the food here was decent, though in some ways a bit ordinary and bland, i.e.
the green salsa.
I asked if they had a spicy salsa and other one was given, but it was served in one of those plastic ketchup-style squeeze bottles and was not spicy at all.
Asked again, and they gave me a metal bucket of hot sauces.
Good value for the tacos on happy hour, but I'm struggling to find myself there for full price for those same items (the portion size for the price).
Service has been all over the place on my visits here, from average to horribly inattentive.
The same goes for food prep time and it wasn't always consistent, for it was almost like my food came faster when it was very busy and was slow to arrive when few people were dining here.
Perhaps the server took awhile to ring in my order?

Should have went to pita jungle... Chicken tacos are pretty bland.
The nachos were good but salty.

Enjoying a beautiful evening on the patio, we had yummy tacos and a torta, especially with the fresh mix of veggies.
My daughter really liked the hot, fluffy empanadas.
Incredible guacamole with a surprising crunch.
Wonderful mix of flavors and very nice service.

The place was delicious!!
The tres leches cake was the best I've ever had.
The chorizo fundido and the pork belly tacos deserve honorable mentions.
Our server was very attentive and quick to attend to us.
The huevos rancheros had good flavor but my egg was slightly overlooked and it had too many beans.
Nonetheless, I really hope this place sticks around.
It's great!

After reading reviews, I went to Taco Haus with medium expectations; however, I was quite happy with the results.
The service was terrific and the food was very good.
I enjoyed the raw jicama salad as well as the rice (I requested it with butter), guacamole, veggie taco (I requested it with butter instead of veggie oil), and the pork belly taco was pretty good.
My special diet requests which were taken care of with ease and that made me extra pleased.
Taco Haus sources local ingredients with what seems to be mostly organic.
That alone will bring me back again.
Their meat is hormone free, but if it were also grass fed, they'd get that much more of my business.

Went to lunch with a friend today.
Her white sangria was HORRIBLE.
It smelled like dog urine and was unbelievably bad.
I ordered a margarita and told the waiter the drink was terrible.
He brought us both margaritas but still charged us for the sangria which was $2.00 more.
They use flour tortilla chips  on the nachos without mentioning it on the menu.
They are thick.
The nachos do not come with salsa.
At all.
I had the Cubana sandwich.
Way, way, way too much mustard.
The  filling only covered 3/4 of the sandwich.
But it was the mustard that was really the turn off.
Service wasn't bad, but not good either.
The patio is great in the right weather.
I hope they get their act together..

SO any food can be made nuevo sheek these days, just put a German style name next to the food, In this case taco haus.
As the name suggest tacos play a large role on the menu,  and there are many small street style tacos with wall street pricing.
$3-5 each.
There is a civicheria here too, (raw fish cured in citrus with a few garnishes)  We oped for a chiviche of tuna, it was fresh and decent however the grade of the tuna was lower than I expected.
Our veggie taco platter was huge and the real star of the meal and reason for the score.
A large selection of grilled vegies and even kale on a platter served with many small tortillas for a great DIY taco party.

I went there with a group for lunch this afternoon.
The service was below average; our waitress seemed inexperienced and struggled throughout our meal.
I got the kale salad with tuna and it was good.
I also got a shrimp taco and it was okay.

I can easily sum up this place in one word -  No.
Bring back Blue Burrito... please?

Came here on a Friday for drinks and had a great experience.
Was looking forward to trying out the food so brought the whole family for Sunday lunch.
Bottom line, no one will be going back a second time.
The chicken and the steak tacos (corn tacos which are homemade)  were so soggy they fell apart on the first bite.
The carne asada was burnt and the beans were filled with loads of fatty pork.
Chips and salsa were average but you are charged $3.
I hope they are still tweaking the menu and will change the "family style" serving style.
The portions are definitely not big enough to share and people get confused on who's food belongs to who.

Since "Taco" is the first name of their restaurant, you would think that would be their emphasis.
Not so much.
My family and I ate there on Sunday.
Service took too long,and the tacos were bland , steak was dry, and the corn tortillas were small for the price.
Chips and salsa were good.
Breakfast burrito was fair.
I would not go there again.

I've been here five times now since it opened in January and each time the food has improved and the service has been more attentive and faster.
It seems like Taco Haus is finally starting to hit its stride.
Inside it has a hip feel and the music is usually playing pretty loud.
I love it, but my grandmother, who accompanied us one evening, didn't.
They have a nice, quieter outdoor area to sit and enjoy meals as well.
The food has plenty to offer.
My favorites are their ceviches, the halibut and the shrimp are both excellent, their sides (beans and corn are solid) and their salads.
I've tried each salad and enjoyed all of them.
They offered a special beet salad last week that was probably the best salad I've ever had: golden beets, red beets, capers, strawberries, goat cheese, balsamic, and more made for an amazing, memorable dish that I hope they will add as a more frequent menu addition.
They also offer a Chef's Table reservation for groups of 6 or more that I am looking forward to trying someday.
What I love most about this place is the fresh quality ingredients and their commitment to local, organic produce.
It's fairly healthy grub, yet still tasty so I leave satisfied, but not feeling like I need to go run eight miles afterwards.
Areas where I feel they can still improve?
Service is critical to a restaurant's success.
They are getting better, but still need to improve on consistency.
The tres leches cake, while very good, was smaller than my wife and me had expected so it was a very quick desert.
Also, some of our dinner companions have been a little surprised at the small taco sizes (they're really street tacos).
I recommend the shrimp, short rib, carne asada, or veggie, however the chicken tacos have tasted pretty plain.
But, you definitely need at least three or four to fill the average eater.
All in all, I really enjoy eating at Taco Haus and feel like they are improving every time I visit, which goes to show that their chef and management are committed to serving the very best food they can.

Sat at the bar for dinner.
Menu was good as it looked similar to Blanco.
Service was good.
I had the Carna Assado  and they were a bit dry and a little bland.
Ceviche was good but not great.
Atmosphere and format is great.
Just need to improve food a bit.
Not as good as Blanco!

What an unexpected and wonderful restaurant!
I adore Mexican food but often ache for a fresh twist on the traditional fare.
Taco Haus delivered exactly that.
My wife and ordered salmon ceviche and a whitetail ceviche special.
Our friends had the El Pastor and rotisserie chicken tacos.
We had a side of roasted corn.
The dishes all cleverly incorporated Spanish elements one might expect at a tapas restaurant--lentils, roasted sweet peppers, goat cheese and the like.
And yet it was all wonderful Mexican fare.
Oh, we had two six-year-old girls with us.
They had simple fare like shrimp tacos and a cheese quesadilla.
They loved it.
I never order dessert at Mexican restaurants but we decided to give Taco Haus' a try.
Wow.
Flan rich as caramel, and a sponge cake in a sweet cream sauce.
The service was friendly, even though the place was packed.
And the beer selection included Bell's Oberon--a summer favorite of mine from Chicago that is fairly uncommon here in Scottsdale.
This strip mall at the corner of Shea and Scottsdale roads is becoming a hot spot for good casual restaurants.
Taco Haus is a great addition to the scene.

Very very good.
Came at a slow time after lunch (which can sometimes catch a restaurant staff sleeping on the job) but was greeted by a very attentive waiter and waitress.
My waitress even offered to ice my left-overs as I wasn't going directly home.
Knowledgable, accommodating, and very friendly staff.
Had the Fish Taco Special and the Tres Leches to follow.
Fantastic.
A great and fresh spin on traditional Mexican fare.
Will definitely be back.

Hubby and I were excited to try Taco Haus as we are big fans of Brat Haus.
Anything Payton does is going to be done fresh and excellent.
We started with the halibut ceviche.
It was light and flavorful.The Asian preparation was great for the fish.
Hubby ordered the pork belly tacos and asked for the house made salsas to add spice.
He said that he is ordering the same dish again.
I ordered the 1/2 rotisserie chicken.
The skin was thin and crispy (the way I like it) and the inside juicy and mouthwatering.
Hubby had to help me eat it as they was so much there.
Two delicious sides came with it- my favorite was the street corn topped with spicy popcorn and 13 beans slow cooked with pork belly (Big Daddy's favorite.
) The drinks were fairly priced and the tres leches dessert literally melts in your mouth.
The servers were friendly and well informed; the atmosphere is "joint like" with great music- makes you want to hang out for a while.
This Saturday we are bringing our whole crew in for lunch to try more things.

Awesome food, awesome service!!
They always make extreme accommodations for my dad's multiple food allergies, and it's always a fun atmosphere.
Good drinks too!
Prices are good, always able to find affordable food items.
Fresh, healthy food is hard to find, but Taco Haus is awesome!

Having a bad day?
The cure: one bite out of Taco Haus' tres leches cake!
Seriously.
It's that good.
While you're there, don't miss out on daily specials, pork belly tacos, the AL PASTOR, and the ceviche (all five of them).
#nomnomnom

Great place to spend a Sunday afternoon!
I went with my husband and mom and we had delicious margaritas and appetizers on the patio!
Sydney provided us with awesome service!
She is so personable!
We will definitely be back!
Try the guava margaritas!

Tried it three times, the flavor is just not there.
Go to the Mission if you want to see how great a street taco can actually taste.
I admit the pork belly tacos had a little flavor so two stars.
Very weird attitude about salsa there - i.e.
they act like it is a precious commodity.

3.5 stars  Let's start with the good.
1) The service was 5 stars very friendly, our waitress was attentive and very prompt with everything.
2) the corn side was great 3) Bells two hearted on tap  The not so good 1) The lentils served with the food were cooked perfectly but were really bland, if they were seasoned they would be perfect.
2) The meat on the carne asada and pork bell tacos were also cooked fine but like the lentils the tacos were missing something and tasted a little bland.
3) the salmon ceviche was warm when it came out although the flavor was good  Overall I would return if they 'spiced' the food up a bit.
I love brat haus and think this place has great potential but the food needs to be kicked up a notch.

This place is terrible!
The chips tasted like plaster off the walls, and nothing we ordered had any taste at all.
I think the "Chef" is scared to use any seasoning, it all tasted the same, BAD!
Prices are way to high as well, do yourself a favor and go some where with some flavor!!

Ordered al pastor pork loin.
It was undercooked  and raw.
Then brought back and was overcooked and could only taste char burnt pork.
Plate was $24 and was not worth it.
La frontera street truck and la LOMITA street truck have better street tacos .
Three stars is for the service.
At least the cook came out and said sorry for undercooked meat, but said he didn't cook it he was in a meeting.

I ordered the carne asada taco plate and subbed one for their special of the day, a fried chicken taco.
A FRIED CHICKEN TACO.
What?
Both were delicious.
The boyfriend ordered the shrimp tacos and would not stop talking about how it was the best shrimp he ever had.

Everything here is great...you can't get anything bad!
Tres leche cake is to die for.
Service is great, food is great, drinks are great!

The chorizo fundito is to die for!
Mexican food with a twist.
Not for everyone's pallette, but all should try it at happy hour before judging.

Cinco de Mayo pretty much means eat tacos for lunch and have a margarita.
So we headed to Taco Haus to indulge in the festivities.
We sat on their shaded, mister covered patio even though the temps were in the high 90's we were very comfy!
The specials of the day were clearly posted so we ordered a corona and a house margarita ($4 each), it was delicious, a perfect mix!
The chips, guac, and salsa were all tasty and fresh, I loved the salsa verde!
I ordered the carne asada taco plate with cilantro rice and lentils (I prefer the traditional black bean, but interesting spin) and my fiancé ordered the short rib taco plate (the best short rib tacos I've ever had)!
We were easily persuaded to finish off our lunch with the carrot cake and holy deliciousness!
I highly recommend supporting the Haus restaurants!
Always a nice atmosphere, good service, and amazing food!

Seriously disappointing.
.. service was bad, food was HORRIBLE!!
we ordered the carne asada, pork belly, and chicken tacos.
The chicken appeared to be boiled, watery, and tasteless.
The carne asada was overcooked and chewy.
the pork belly was just okay.
We also ordered the chicken nachos which were disgusting- oily and topped with that boiled chicken again.
The food was seriously disappointing.
I've had better Mexican food at Zipps.
This is my first and only review, ever.
Yup, that's how bad it was..   EDIT- I just noticed that there is 28 reviews that are not "recommended" for his place.
Do yourself a favor and READ THEM!!
I'm not sure why Yelp does not recommended them because they are spot on with my experience!
Thanks Yelp, you should pay me back the $80 I just spent at this dump.

Such a great atmosphere.
We sat on the patio and ate pretty much everything on the menu!
so delicious!
They also rolled out a tequila tasting cart and each table got to try a few top shelf tequilas and learn about the history.
VERY COOL!
Would defiantly recommend Taco Haus to anyone looking for a relaxed environment with great drinks and amazing food!

I don't know why anyone would put so much money and attention into creating such a nice atmosphere and then have tasteless food.
A very nice patio and attractive interior.
We had the pork belly tacos - dry and tasteless, the carne asada tacos - just plain tasteless, and the short ribs tacos - how can you possibly have no flavor with a sriracha sauce, but they didn't.
The rice had no seasoning and the lentils???
Lentils, really???
The queso fundido was runny and greasy and a very skimpy portion.
The strawberry margarita tasted like strawberry syrup.
Very disappointing.
I'm giving them 2 stars because our waiter was very nice and attentive.
It is totally overprices for what they are serving.

With so many choices for south of the border food it was a pleasant surprise to dine at Taco Haus.
The tuna ceviche was exceptionally good and had a unique flavor.
Also enjoyed the market.street corn and guacamole dip.
We didn't feel rushed and it was pleasant sitting outside.
Service was friendly and prompt.
Great dinner which exceeded.our expectations.

I dropped in because it was new and in my neighborhood and called a few friends to join me.
Our server was Sam and he was awesome.
We had the peach ale to drink and a few appetizers.
From the name it sounds german but the menu is a mix between southwest and mexian.
My palette was confused by the name thinking we were going to have tacos and beer, but that is not at all the case.
It's very nice and the ambiance is cool and I'm not saying the food was bad, it was just a surprise.
I think it will do well in its location and it's a nice summer spot for sure.

I came here quite excited to try a new place.
The name has Taco in it, so I'm thinking delicious mexican food.
Well, it wasn't anything worth willingly going back for.
1) I felt the food wasn't worth the money spent (luckily I didn't spend any).
I was told to get the corn dish, and that it would be good.
Well it was definitely unique.
It came in a bowl with a line of lightly spiced popcorn.
And it was good...until I bit down on hard popcorn kernels 3 different times.
And that was my limit.
Word to the chef; I would definitely suggest making sure there are no kernels in your popcorn if you're going to season and disguise it on a bed full of seasoned corn.
2) My dish was so small.
Only two tiny empenadas and that was it.
No rice, no lentils, no side salad; nothing else to enjoy with it.
Quite disappointed.
I knew I didn't want anything too heavy to eat, which is why I ordered the veggie empenadas, which were good.
But by the time I left and got back home, i was hungry all over again.
3) Typically I wouldn't complain about a drink, and maybe the machine was bad, but I just don't do well with any kind of watered down drinks, but their lemonade was oh so wrong :(  Overall, it was a forgettable experience, and I certainly don't plan on spending my hard-earned cash here any time soon, at least definitely not intentionally.

First of all, the service was very nice.
Our server was super attentive and polite.
The food though was just ok. We had the carne assada tacos and the chicken empanadas.
The chicken empanadas were displayed beautifully on the plate, but wasn't super satisfying.
The tacos were flavorful and big, and the lentil side instead of beans was an interesting take, but the fact that the lentil side was cold was not my thing.
They did a very nice job converting this location over from what was once a bland Blue Burrito into a stylish taco bar.
The have a great outdoor patio that would be awesome when it isn't hot outside.
Their happy hour also looks quite good, and would come back for that before a movie at the nearby Harkins Theaters sometime.

When Restaurant Week hits twice a year....it can be greeted by regulars staying away in droves because they can go to places that they enjoy without the 100 dB atmosphere and the glazed look in people's eyes OR newbies can try out new places that they have wanted to try without spending the full price of a dinner and have a nice sampling of the product.
Tonight, Peg and I went to one of the places that we have enjoyed and experienced a great combo of avoiding the the craziness but with the wonderful sampling of goodies...at the Taco Haus.
Oh yeah...and this was Taco Tuesday at the Haus in addition to RW.
.Payton et al  and his wonderful front staff (Colleen comes to mind) managed to bring the flavor and the outside patio area produced the atmosphere.
The choices for the $40/couple were outstanding, fresh, flavorful, and it seemed like we were the only ones in the place.
Shrimp cerviche, excellent guac and ships (with fresh red and green salsa), chicken and carne asada tacos....and Tres Leche cake which was still as good as it was the first time we tried it.
Tony was our server and did an outstanding job.
Roughly three zillion Go-Daddy employees might differ with the we-were-the-only-ones-there idea.
They appeared to having a terrific time and  we loved the quietness of the patio with misters misting.
If you haven't checked this place out...it is worth whatever week it is!

I don't know how this place has ever received more than 1 star.
I had veggie tacos, which were pickled beets and onions, and there were TERRIBLE.
And why are they giving us lentils??
They are flavorless and mealy.
And the rice, good lord, was literally inedible.
It was dry and hard and none of us could manage to scoop any rice onto our forks because it was dried up and hardened into a "rice patty" of sorts.
The guacamole was delicious, but everything else was awful.
Tacos are my favorite food, and I'm not picky, I love 99% of the tacos I've ever had, but I have to say, skip Taco Haus.

I'm here and eating now but had to write a review.
The food is awesome.
I'm having the fried cauliflower and the kale salad with chicken.
Yum yum!
And now.. Back to my meal!!

It wasn't busy for 7pm on a Friday night.
It should have been a sign.
Waited 10 minutes for our server.
We ordered the Cubano Torta and the Rotisserie Chicken Tacos.
We waited another 25 minutes for the food to arrive.
It was obvious that everything had been sitting for at least 10 minutes.
The Cubano was very soggy and didn't just have have mustard on it but was a lot of mustard with a little meat.
The tacos were also very soggy and I had to eat them with a fork as the corn tortillas were breaking apart.
The flavor was pretty good although the cabbage was a bit too sweet for my liking.
The lentils and the rice that came as a side were not at all fresh and dry.
We did tell the server that the Cubano was inedible and he gladly took it off the bill.
I appreciate that willingness to accommodate a customer.
It's a great little space and I was hoping for a lot more.

First time dining at taco haus.
Was really excited because I love modern Mexican cuisine and the menu online really jumped out at me.
I work in a restaurant and was excited to try the short rib tacos because I've had some killer ones in the past and the description made me feel like these would be no exception.
I ordered the short rib tacos and a side of street corn along with a haus margarita.
The margarita was on point and the street corn had unique twists that I haven't encountered in the dish before...
Very delicious!
However, the tacos themselves were really a let down.
The meat was very dry like it had been sitting out rather than bathing in its own juices as any slow cooked meat should.
However, with enough extra sriracha aioli to bathe it in I managed to get it down.
What I couldn't get past was what was described as 'pickeled peppers' that came on the tacos were nothing more than sliced bell peppers period.
As much as I love the decor, ambiance, service and of course the street corn.
I hope they fix the execution of this taco.
I'll definitely be back to try more

We dined here last Friday with a couple of friends.
Someone we knew said it was good, so we thought to give it a try.
When we walked into the restaurant, the place was dead, only a few customers.
It did not look busy, but all of the tables were filthy.
No one greeted us or told us if we could sit ourselves or they'd sit us.
We finally found a table and waited for a waitress to wipe it off.
She brought over some small plates and flatware, from then on, everything went from BAD to WORSE!
- We found a pill on one of the small plates that the waitress brought out.
All she said was "Oh, I didn't know how the pill got there?
" I jokingly asked "Is it a marijuana pill or some kind of pill that gets me high?
" She laughed "possibly!
"  - Then my husband found a bug in his drink.
A waiter who was not even waiting on us, apologized and brought the drink back to get my husband a new drink.
When my husband told our waitress about the bug, she was arguing with him and said "it's a normal thing to see bug everywhere and all the time.
Espeically in the summer time, if you leave something out, they are going to attract to sweet and food of course.
" Not one apology from her.
- My husband asked for the sweet-n-low sugar and she never brough it, but another waitress did.
She was busy yapping with others.
Then she pretended to bring them over after already knew another waitress had already helped us.
- The owner / partner of the restaurant named John, came by to check on us and asked how we are doing.
He looked very depressed.
When we shared with him about the pill and the bug, he brushed it off and said "people complaint all the time because they want something free.
"  We walked out with a bill of $56 for ordering 2 combos (3 tiny tacos on each plate, the rest is filled with lentils and rice), an iced tea, a margarita, a small flan, and suck a@@ service.
The food wasn't good and small portions.
Their dessert is very aweful.
I'm very sure I can get better service and quality meals at El Pollo Loco or Taco Bell.
They won't be survived for much longer with horrible food, service and attitude.
I 'LL NEVER COME BACK HERE AGAIN.
Don't waste your money in this place people, you'll feel sorry.

I was really sad that I didn't like this place.
I had heard about it recently and their taco Tuesday.
I decided to take my grandparents with me when I went.
First impression walking in the door was the atmosphere was very modern.
Unfortunately we were awkwardly standing in the door for a good minute trying to figure out if we seat ourselves or not.
Usually there is a sign or someone who immediately says something at other places I have been too.
We ordered a round of the 4 dollar margaritas which were delicious!
Honestly the only reason I was able to bump up the rating.
The staff was pretty friendly as well.
My grandpa and I got the carne asada tacos.
I'm pretty forgiving when it comes to food but the carne asada tacos I got were just dry and had no flavor.
The sides were just as flavorless (lentils and white rice).
My grandma got the pork belly tacos.
I tried them and once again overcooked with conflicting flavors.
Lastly we ordered another round of margaritas that never came.
I would like to say I would give taco haus another chance but I don't know what I would get knowing I tried things there were well known on the menu :(.

Had an exceptional dinner last night - really enjoyed the carne and pork belly tacos.
The Dash Inn margaritas were a great throwback to the place down at ASU - it brought back memories.
Service was great as well....

Worst tacos I've ever had, and I have been to hundreds of Mexican restaurant s.  Carne asada was shamefully bad and looked like wet dog food.
If u want a good taco try Habinero s , America's, El Hefe.

Btw stay away from taco haus by butterfields it sucks........had a serving of rotten fish and shes puking

Once is enough for me.
Crappy tacos, beans were awful.. Scottsdale wont put up with this kind of service and food.
Portions are very small, prices are high and the food is barely edible.
Matgaritas are so so.
I asked for Don Julio, I ddnt get it I say the bartender pour something else.
Thats really bad.
CALL IN GORDON RAMSEY OR ROBERY IRVINE maybe they can help, maybe not.
This place will be gone by Dec 31.

Overall rating- good, not great, just average.
Margaritas were smooth, light on the salt for the rim.
We had the tacos, shrimp, al pasador and short rib are yummy!!
The strEAT corn, delicious!
However the pork belly taco... Overcooked to the point my fiancé and I thought it was diced potatoes (looked and tasted like it)!
Waitress thought that is how pork belly was suppose to be..  Price for the food we thought was a tad high for what it was..
Similar price to Cien Agave, just not quite there.
I'm glad I tried it, if I come back I'm not sure if I would adventure outside of what I had.

Drink here...then you may be able to palette the food.
Cool atmosphere had us excited that we were about to taste something different.
And we did!
Just not in a good way.
We ordered the Dungeness Crab Ceviche ($15) "Dungeness Crab, watermelon, olive, mint, citrus" and it was ALL watermelon chunks with small bits of crab clinging to it.
The watermelon was not ripe, slightly slimy and the hint of crab just added a fish hint to it.
The waitress tried to explain that that is how this seasonal ceviche is served...mostly watermelon, and the others were like a typical ceviche (I guess meaning there is actually more than a tablespoon of fish used) yet they are all described the same way on the menu.
Also ordered was the lentil salad.
Zucchini, sweet potato, red and green onion and cilantro vin.
What I got was a pile of cold, TASTELESS lentils.
Urgh.
When I got up within minutes to get the check and told the waitress it was all horrible she tried to convince us to try something else.
We were, of course, totally over Taco Haus at this point and just wanted out.
She had heard my son say he wanted cake, so she did get us a piece to go, but as for the bill.....She CHARGED US for all the other food we had only taken a bite of!
Wow.
That better be one damn good piece of $30 "complimentary" cake.
I think I need a drink to dull the memory of Taco Haus....but I won't be back there to get it.

