Offbeat and Unique is a great new electronic cigarette store in Gilbert!
I was pleasantly surprised by my whole experience here, Bethany and T.J. have put a lot of heart and thought into their venture.
They have carefully selected their products and are very knowlegable on the whole vaping experience.
I was encoraged to try many different types of flavoring to find the one that I really enjoyed.
I am brand new to this world and was really overwhelmed by the choices, they took away all the anxiety and provided a great, relaxing, shopping experience.

Bethany and TJ are always very helpful, and very patient when I come into the shop  (I am indecisive when it comes to e-liquid).
They have a great shop that is coming together nicely.
I totally recommend them, and their awesome selection.

Cant say enough good things about this store.
Went in today by myself because it was on the way.
First of all, the shop looks just great.
Its nice and open and it's very approachable.
Talked with the owners for a while just about vaping in general and what kind of things I like.
The great part is they know what they like but are very open to hear what vapers want.
They even had some hand blown glass drip tips which I was looking for and they had the exact black cherry marshmallow I was just recommended no more than 12 hours before.
A great place to buy vaping stuff and a very comfortable place to hang out.

I am so incredibly happy this store opened.
Not only is the location convenient, but the owners are some of the friendliest people I've met.
Although the shop is new, they have everything a novice or advanced vaper could want.
Bethany and TJ have definitely done their home work on what the customer wants.
Did I mention you can sample every single flavor they sell?
I sat there for an hour and a half sampling everything I could and not once did I sense I was being rushed or pressured to buy anything, although I happily did.

So you can bounce around to all of the new vape shops opening up to try and find what you want.
Or you can come to OB&U and get everything that you could ever want.
Just starting out....they have you covered.
Veteran vaper looking for some high end offerings....got that, too.
It's nice to find a place that carries quality, industry leading gear and offer it at a fair price.
Juice you say?
Multiple brands that are some of the best I've tasted!
Atmosphere?
Right here!
Comfortable, clean and just well put together!
I can't say enough about TJ and Bethany!
They hit the nail on the head with OB&U!!!
Great job guys!
Keep up the good work!!

All I can say is WOW!
Catering to the "New Vapers" you won't find a more hands on experience anywhere.
Try all their flavors on Kanger mini protank 2s, not cheap plastic atomizers that ruin the flavor.
They also carry mechanical and regulated mods, along with drippers for the advanced users too!
And it's my way of picking up my favorite flavors without waiting on the mailman  Bethany and TJ have done it right

Great atmosphere, Great products, and exceptional people.
T.J. and his wife Bethany are so cool.
They spent more than enough time helping me select the right equipment.
I am very pleased with my new mod.
It's a fun place to hang out too.
They have a stellar set up.
More flavors than your pallet can handle!
Stop by and pay them a visit you will not be sorry, I promise!

A couple friends and I went to check this place out because it was nearby and needless to say it was one of the best experiences I have ever had.
We went in to check the place out, see what they carried and I chatted a bit with the owners to get some knowledge on the products with me being new to the concept.
Some of the nicest people I have ever met.
I almost felt bad for not buying anything that trip but great customer service goes a long way especially when you own your own business.
I definitely will be going back.

