I've been to jersey mikes all over the country and have always been disappointed.
But this one in particular has a lot of heart.
The first time I came for lunch, the restaurant was relatively new and there was the owner (I'm guessing) in a booth struggling over finances and buying inventory.
But then he got off the phone with someone and relaxed, taking a deep breath.
With a big smile, he turned to me and said "thing are really looking up"  I have a tendency to mask all these chains as objects and often forget about the people.
I like to imagine that this man set a goal and kept working to achieve it.
I'm here for my third time at this location and am always struck by the kindness of the staff.
They really care about their customers and know many of them by name--Not something I would expect from a normal chain.
TL; DR: great subs, and even greater staff

The Big Kahuna is simply awesome!
Their jalapeños are ama-za-za-zing.
I love this place and the sandwich artists are friendly :)

This place rocks.
We come here quite often as it is just down the road from my office.
Killer subs, awesome cookies, nothing but good stuff here!

We visited here last week and I couldn't yelp about it at the time.
This was probably one of the best subs I've ever had.
The staff were extremely helpful and friendly and the food was beyond fresh and delicious.
They slice the meat right in front of you, the fixing's are simple(the pickles a must if you like them),  and the bread was soft and flavorful.
Will definitely be back.

Great place!
Watch them slice the meat and cheese for your sandwich then load it up the way you want.
If you like a little zing, add some CPR (chili pepper relish) to your sandwich.
Delicious!
I love their cold sub's, but I have tried one of their cheese steak a which was ok.
I literally salivate just thinking about their original with the CPR.
Great sandwiches, friendly staff, what more could you ask for?

I've been here once.
I received a few coupons in the mail so I decided to check it out.
The service was good and the sandwiches were pretty tasty.
The prices were average as well.
I haven't been back since, but if I was in the area and craving subs I'd stop in.

Great place.
The number 13 is the best sandwich anywhere.
The sugar cookies, when not overcooked, are fantastic.
Nice staff and good service.

EXCELLENT Subs, and great staff.
The #13 Italian is a great sandwich with REAL meat and REAL cheese.
After you've tried this place, you wont waste your money at that other sub chain again.
The staff have clean, neat uniforms and a friendly attitude.
You can't beat Jersey Mike's, especially this location !

Great Food - Great Service - every time I come here the employees are fantastic- they always get my order correct and the food is FRESH.
It is a  good old fashion "SUB SANDWICH" -   Employes are very helpful too-

