This is the new store in Scottsdale Pavilions.
It is easy to get to just off the 101 at Indian Bend.
This is a nice, clean, well merchandised store as you would expect for a brand new store in this demographic area.
I found the racks full of good selections at their usual discounted from department store prices.
There are a few brands I specifically go looking for, like Columbia, and found a number of items in my size.
Since this store is so convenient to home, I will make this a more regular stop to see what things they get in.

This was my first time into this particular store.
It was very clean well lit and organized.
I did not require assistance from any employees so I cannot comment as to their helpfulness.
When I checked out the counter help was very congenial and speedy with the entire process.
she carefully looked over all my items to ensure there were no tags on them that would beep at the door.
With regards to price, I picked up a suitcase here that was a full $15 less than the exact same model at Marshalls and TJ Maxx.
That kind of competitive pricing will bring me back to the store for a second visit.

Beyond annoyed with this  young cashier I had today.
I asked about a specific brand of perfume they carry.
By the look on her face when I said the name of it I could tell she had no idea what I was talking about.
Instead of trying to help me she said all of the inventory was already out on the floor.
Would it have killed her to find out what I was inquiring about and paging someone out back to check?
The store carries decent stock though & prices seem fair.

Unfortunately I have to give this store 2 stars based on 2 poor customer service experiences in the past week.
The first time, I got home and realized that the woman who rang me up forgot to put merchandise in my bag.
When I drove back later that day to get it, everyone at the counter treated it like this was a fairly normal occurrence and there was no apology offered.
I did like the selection of bags and thought it was probably a one time bad experience and stopped by to look for a new bag.
A few days later, I was at dinner with friends when I realized the first time I was using my new purse, it still had the massive security tag on it.
Again, I arrive this morning to have it removed and no apology.
I did give it two stars though, I got some great deals on designer brands and they have a great selection of cute inexpensive costume jewelry, think Charming Charlie but half the price.
For less expensive brands you can get great value for the money.
That being said, I really REALLY value great service at any price point.
So, for prices I recommend this location, just know what you're getting into with the service.

