Great pizza.
Huge slices.
NY style.
Awesome deal and big selection.
Friendly staff and good looking chef:) right in Planet Hollywood and accessible from the strip

Great food is important to me, but customer service is the most important overall.
This place scores 5 stars in both categories.
I stay at the Ellara at least once a year, and I was thrilled to see a pizza place so close to us.
I was inside the Sports book in Planet Hollywood and saw a sign that said "Pizza by the slice", so I ventured over to check it out.
The pizza was very good and the slices are huge.
Ask them to cut them in half for you and they will happily oblige.
I put the pizza taste up there with Secret Pizza inside the Cosmopolitan, but that is not the main reason you should come here.
You must come here for the world's BEST garlic knots.
Seriously, you will be so happy that you have finally found the perfect buttery, oh so garlicky piece of heavenly goodness.
They heat them up right before your eyes and there is no microwave in sight.
They use real ovens and absolutely know how to make great food.
Everyone who works here is super nice and the chefs were very proud of their food.
They stay open until 2:00 am every night and 4:00 am on weekends.
You can access the restaurant from outside the PH, or through the Sports Book and it is going to enrich your life when you try it out.

"...that's what she said.
"  Yeah yeah, keep the jokes coming because that pizza is MASSIVE!
Pin Up Pizza is located outside of Planet Hollywood next to Pink's Hot Dog.
It's a small shop with an indoor and outdoor stand up counters to eat.
Pizzas run for less than $6 a slice!
Where they get you is the price of beverages.... $3 for a 16 oz soda??
I got the spinach artichoke pizza.
There were huge chunks of artichoke and some spinach scattered around.
It was a little bland but nothing like some Italian seasoning and chili flakes to do the trick.
The pizza holds its form well so you can hold it without worrying about the toppings sliding off from a floppy pizza.
Bonus!
Open until 2AM.
Pin Up Pizza is worth checking out for a quick and inexpensive meal that will definitely hit the spot!

This place was awesome!
The pizza was phenomenal, thin toasty, extra large slices and the ingredients were top notch.
While we were there, Chef Dominic treated us like family.
This was an all around great environment.
Oh and the garlic rolls were outstanding!

Finally ate here yesterday.
The slices of pizza are literally the size of your head.
It was enough for two meals.
Basically it's worth the money & quick service

This place had some awesome pizza and look at the size of it.
It was worth the price.
Must try it if in Vegas.
The price for the drinks is pretty expensive but pizza worth every penny.
I was satisfied with the taste and size of pizza.

Quick and easy.
Best thing this place has going for it is the location.
Pizza was good, slice was huge, price was OK, and the service was friendly.
There are at least four other places to grab a slice in or attached to Planet Hollywood.
I haven't tried them all, but this is the best of the ones I have.
I liked the Secret Pizza place across the street at the Cosmopolitan a little better, but if I was standing in front of this place, it wouldn't be worth the short walk over the bridge to get to it.

OMG bomb ass pizza, watch the guy hand toss a gigantic pizza dough..   love it!!

Items Selected:  Margherita Slice Garlic Knot  ...with my opinions on traditional New York "slice shops" varying from terrible to merely decent but having found some improvement in the style since relocating to Las Vegas, largely as a result of superior ingredient quality at both "Secret Pizza" and Pop-Up, it was with cautious optimism that I approached the newly minted Strip-side Pin Up Pizza at pH's Miracle Mile Shops for a late afternoon bite.
Truly a "slice shop" featuring a small counter with standing room only dining both inside and out plus a half-dozen pies served by a staff of four including two servers, a cashier, and a pizzaiolo hand-tossing gargantuan crusts it was to warm smiles and pleasantries that I was greeted and taking my time to peruse the options and inquire what was most fresh an order was placed - a seemingly steep $6.76 after tax, but on closer inspection a price well justified by a baseball sized garlic knot and locally sourced heirloom tomatoes on what I'd argue to be the city's best electric (or gas for that matter) crust, though purists may beg to differ given a lack of "foldability"...or perhaps "fold-necessity" as relates to greasy, flavorless 'tradition.
'  Subtle with semolina but largely a lightly yeasted flour base with just enough spring and char to support the ingredient weight from rim to a center approximately one foot away suffice it to say that single slices at Pin Up will eat like a meal to some, but with dollops of fresh mozzarella playing against fresh sliced tomatoes and a drizzle of olive oil on such an impressive backbone with only pre-filled $3 cannolis for dessert I'd say that's just fine...besides, knowing what I know now I rather wish I'd have stuck around to try a slice of the housemade pepperoni with shredded fresh mozzarella and hand crushed tomato sauce instead of schlepping to MGM for dessert anyhow.

I'm a New Yorker.
This pizza rocks.
Thin crust.
Only difference here is their slices are about twice as large as any NY slice I've ever had and a great value for it, too.
Must stop if you are in Vegas, on the strip.

Wow.
I'm here in Sin City too much (working) and even though there are great restaurants it's hard to find a fast and tasty spot.
Pin Up Pizza is delicious, fast, convenient, and a good value.
While Secret Pizza (Cosmo) and Pop Up (MGM) are good this place is a solid 1 star above.
One slice will easily satisfy you for lunch or a quick dinner.
Entrance off the strip or from the PH sports book.
Do yourself a favor and stop by next time your in town, this place will definitely steal some of the Earl of Sandwich crowd (and that is very hard to do).

I think I was expecting more.
The size is impressive even if your only taking away a slice.
I love the perfect slice box for take away.
But with any "stiff" a pizza previously cooked that is oven revitalized for your pleasure, the sauce and cheese ratio need to be appropriate.
While good, we found our slices dry and in serious need of some sun kissed tomato sauce.
The size of the portion only accentuated the need for more sauce.
I have to say I am still on team Secret Pizza which is right across the boulevard.

one slice depending toppping is $5 - 6.00 but i also get my 10% casino discount.
huge slices.
everything was made fresh on the spot nothing dirty or cheesy... massive slices of pizza for a small price... saw the review in las vegas weekly but i had to go in.
the girls are dressed in pinup look.
since when are we in the 1940s ?

Sooooo yummy.
Perfect crispy thin crust with proper proportion of cheese, aside and pepperoni.
Huge slices for $5.50!

Pin up pizza had great portion sizes for the price they asked for, but the pizza was just another interpretation of a cliche dish.
Pin up pizza didn't have anything that would make you say "this is from pin up pizza.
" Just another quick spot to hit up on the strip when you want a quick bite.

This place is probably better if you're drunk.
I ate here at the end of my stay when I was broke and looking for something cheap and fast on the strip.
$5.65 for a piece of pizza bigger than my head?
Sold!
However the pizza was not now I like it.
It was extremely greasy, very very thin, and crunchy.
I know that's how some people like their pizza so of you do, this is the place for you!

This ain't Sbarro's.
I walked through the Sportsbook into the pizza restaurant and was initially surprised that I couldn't get a whole pizza.
Pizza here is strictly by the slice.
However, the slice is enough for two people to be happy with and two slices are about the quantity of a regular pizza.
I ordered the spinach and artichoke pizza.
The artichoke was fresh and had a nice lemony tang to it.
The spinach was ample and the two veggies complemented each other nicely.
The cheese was the right proportion to the toppings and the crust was crispy.
I am so tired of Las Vegas pizzas with the soggy crust.
So, the pizza gets reheated in the oven and is served piping hot with a crispy crust and melted cheese, right?
I needed a fork and a knife to eat this bad boy, but oh was it good.
I will definitely be back.

Service:  The service we received when we ordered was excellent.
The workers are very friendly!
Location: Located inside Planet Hollywood & right on the strip.
Very easy access.
Food: We got one pepperoni slice and one cheese slice.
The slices are HUGE and the pizza is pretty tasteful.
I thought the pizza had way too much grease on top though.
Price: the price is right on!
Seating: I did not find any actual seating area at Pin Up Pizza.. Only found a standing area where you can put your plate down.
There may be an actual seating area that I missed..
But standing up and eating a giant slice of pizza is not my thing.
Overall: Check this place out if you're looking for a giant slice of pizza and pay only 5-6$.

Coming from the new haven ct area I can say this pizza (and garlic knot) are delicious.
Huge slices and nice and thin and crispy.
Definitely recommend for a good slice in Vegas!

During my Little League career I picked up a serious vice.
My easily influenced ten-year-old self watched MLB players chomp on chewing tobacco and followed suit by developing a habit for Big League Chew.
Bubble gum shredded into strips in a baseball-themed pouch meant to resemble their 18+ counterparts.
It would barely last an inning and you'd spend most of it spitting out hot-pink syrup like you'd taken a big bite of flamingo you suddenly regretted.
That's kinda what it's like to eat at Pin-up Pizza.
It's called Pin-Up because it tastes like someone nailed your slice to a wall for a calendar year with each topping representing a federal holiday or important birthday.
The flavor dissipates almost instantly and you spend the rest of your time chewing on a flavorless mass like an astronaut with a freeze-dried bagel.
Paper-thin, minimal amount of sauce and a skinny layer of cheese seemingly limited by a dairy accountant.
The price isn't right.
A cheese slice, even in New York, has a ceiling of $2.
So why everyone boasts that the softball-sized garlic knots are $3 and the HUGE slices are only $6 is beyond me.
Asteroids are HUGE too but I'd rather have my dinosaurs back.
The grandiose nature of Vegas peppers the strip with celebrity-themed establishments like Gordon Ramsay's BurGR and Tila Tequila's Stroke Shack that require long waits and little value.
It's actually cheaper to buy a 64oz frozen Long Island complete with souvenir "High Roller" pimp cup than a nutritious meal on the strip.
Which is probably why the South Side of Las Vegas Blvd is a belligerent stampede of prostitutes and panhandlers mixed with the tourists that support them.
Be prepared to see more meat hanging off the patrons than the pies, especially late night.
Pin-up at least offers quick, simple and economical (for Vegas) fuel for your gambling fever.
Plus there's a certain kitschiness to a larger than life meal you could wrap around your neck like a scarf.
Everyone else should head to do-it-yourself Project Pie at the MGM Grand, at least if your creation crashes you only have yourself to blame.

I bookmarked this place before my trip after Michael U posted his review/pictures.
The ENTIRE trip, I kept trying to end up here, and it finally happened literally right before I was headed to the airport for my flight home.
And, I'm SO glad I made it happen.
The pizza is AMAZING.
Thin crust, HUGE slices - not AS crispy as I enjoy my NY style to be, but definitely close enough.
Employees are really funny, friendly, and talkative.
While you wait, you can watch the guy tossing the crazy huge pizza dough.
I just tried the plain cheese and it was great.
There's standing area by the window and they have more standing area outside which is nice since mostly every day/night is beautiful in vegas.
You can make it a meal by getting a garlic knot and drink- I didn't end up doing that because I wasn't that hungry when I went.
Now that I know exactly where it is (outside Planet Hollywood), I can't wait to end up here again after a night out in Vegas!

secret pizza what?
i always that place was over priced and ohhhhh kill em pin up is a god send.
Not exactly a 25 cent slice like ny but c'mon it's vegas where people buy a bottle of goose for $300.
PERFECT for all you SoCal college kids busting a mission to Vegas without any money.
-----now for the food-----  I got a lil carried away and bought a slice of the margarita, meatball parm, sausage, artichoke, and 1 garlic knot (you can get 4 for $3)   all the pizzas get heated up one of those pizza ovens before they serve them to you and the crust is freaking amazing!!!
be WARNED if you have left overs for the next day, those pizzas are gonna be hella hard, you can literally smack someone and knock them out  out of those what i highly recommend   margarita -huge cuts of mozzarella melted perfectly the tomatoes are seasoned in this balsamic sauce which is the shit if you're into that.
garlic knots - not only are they cheap but they're pretty big, they're burried underneath globs of garlicy butter, if you love garlic this is the shit to make you feel some type of way.
if only it was crunchy then goddam gg imma be ktfo from a food coma and not make it to the club  After i ordered my stuff they brought out a "meat lovers" don't really know the name which kind of annoyed me cus i could've just bought that one instead of buying the meatball parm and sausage seperately

After climbing the rather steep street-walk-over-bridge stairs from The Cosmopolitan, I was needing some food.
My reservation at Nobu was three hours away and I didn't think I was going to make it without grabbing a bite somewhere.
Letting my hunger drive my instincts in this new geography, I ended up at Pin Up Pizza, which is just a few feet from the street-walk-over-bridge stairs.
Here's the thing that is great about this stop: every vacation should have high and low elements-- and, if you are prepared for it, this is the low end.
Dinner at Nobu and $6 pizza, within hours of each other, seem to balance my Las Vegas preferences perfectly.
So, I thought this was a good sign.
Then, I took a good look around... Pin Up Pizza had cashiers in child-sized, dirty red sweaters and there were A LOT of drunk dudes.
The pizza-making man couldn't seem to get ahead of orders and blank pizza pans are the ultimate sadness trigger for inhibreated bros.
The Yelp reviews looked consistent enough and I was hungry, so I ordered anyway.
I was pleasantly surprised by the price.
At $6, my margherita pizza slice was twice the size of my head and tasted pretty good.
I ordered the margherita because there were only two pizza topping options when I got up there.
With fake show girls taking pictures with anyone and everyone inches from where I was trying to stuff down a disproportionately-sized slice, I knew I needed to head out quickly.
This is not a place that I would intentionally stop, but is a place that I would categorize as In-Case-of-Emergency-Break-Glass-and-Order-the-Pizza.

Worth the wait!
The lines can get a little long during peak hours but don't let that keep you from going.
The staff at Pin Up Pizza were friendly and timely.
It's a quick in and out once your inside.
The pizza is some of the best that I've had.
I'll definitely be going back the next time I'm in Vegas.

I came here the other day.
They just opened.
I really like the pepperoni.
The pizza slices are huge enough to share which I what we did.
They have siracha to which I love.
And it's pretty cheap on 6 bucks which is good considering it's on the strip.
And they have outdoor seating by pinks

Came here after a drunken night of clubbing and omg!!
the best garlic knots I've ever ate.
I had to come for the second night.
Try the garlic knots and the sausage pizza.
It hits the spot and the price is super cheap.
1$ garlic knots HIGHLY RECOMMENDED

Best place to go if you're  DRUNK.
Never knew cardboard could tastes so good... At 5.88 a slice real, bargain here in Vegas, lol wasn't even worth a picture I'm certain  y'all know what pizza looks like.

this place is FANTASTIC!
I used to visit Secret Pizza often, but this place has stolen all of my business!
The slices are as big as my head!
The line can be pretty long, but it moves quite quickly and they have a ton of fans going so no one gets overheated.
The food is cheap and delicious.
The only potential down side for a picky eater is that you have to choose your slice from what they already have made.
Once you make your selection, they do heat it up though!

Went to Vegas with my friend for a broadcasters conference.
Being college students we were on a budget this place we found was heaven!
It's cheap and good.
Huge slice of pizza for 6 bucks.
Can't beat that.
The girl at the counter was really nice too.

I went here for lunch and had a slice of margherita pizza (tomatoes and mozzarella).
The pizza was Ok but not great.
The slice was very large and cost $6.49.
There were five different kinds of pizza.
If you have the chance, Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan is better.

Just go eat there--you will not be disappointed if you truly enjoy pizza after a night out !

Yummy pizza with a kick butt location.
Pin Up Pizza is located outside Planet Hollywood or inside if you go through the sportsbook.
My husband and I sat in the sportsbook for sometime watching the NBA playoffs and we smelled delicious pizza all day long so naturally we had to grab a slice.
We got the meatball pizza which was tasty however I tend to like more sauce on my pizza.
Thin crust, the right amount of cheese, and huge meatballs tasted good.
I hardly tasted the sauce.
I loved that this pizza did not give me heartburn.
Many times pizza will give me heartburn because of the acidic sauce.
Not this pizza.
They have a variety of pizza's as well as garlic knots, and cannolis.
A slice of meatball pizza was $6.50.
You can get a slice of pizza, a garlic knot, and a beer for 10.99.
This is a grab and go style eatery.
There are places to stand outside and eat your pizza with a high top counter but there is nowhere to sit.

Really good pie.
Would eat here anytime.
Had the margherita pizza slice.
Having thus slice I wanted more.
And they had Rootbeer on the fountain.
Not easy to find.
After eating my slice, I didn't get that bloated feeling from the crust.

I can't believe this is the same place i glorified 2 months ago.
I was hella excited to get this pizza place that stole me away from earls.
Took my family there was treated rudely by the workers (they weren't even busy) pizzas weren't heated in the oven long enough (the mozzarella on the margarita didn't even melt)  Where did those employees go from valentines day weekend?
they made my experience fun and also gave me some good ass pizza.
I guess I will forever be earls faithful from here on out since they're always consistent.
Or maybe this is just punishment for breaking my edc diet.

Pizza looks amazing..... but what I really got was bad customer service, cold pizza, cold bread knot, and ice water that cost me $1.50  IMO secret pizza is better

My gf & I found this place by accident.
& what a gem we found.
The pizza is ginormous!
Think of 2 1/2 slices of Costco pizza for 1 slice of pin up pizza.
The pizza had so much flavor & perfect amount of cheese.
You get it piping hot out of the oven!
My gf got the cheese & I got the ultimate meat one.
The cheese was all gooey & perfect.
My pizza, had real meatballs, sausage, bacon, ham & pepperoni!
A lot of meat which kinda overwhelmed the pizza but high quality.
We also tried the garlic knots & OMG!!
Those were the best things ever!
When you see then there just covered in garlic then when you order them, they put them in the oven & you get them all buttery & garlic & they put all garlic rolls to shame.
The price is perfect & also great access to the sports room next door to eat while watching & betting on games

Food is always hot and fresh.
Garlic knots are the best I have had here.

Came here on a whim, and an very glad that I did.
The pizza is already made, just raw.
So they cook it when you order it.
So the pizza is hot and fresh.
The portions are huge, and very filling.
The garlic knots are amazing!
I had one and wanted more.
The margarita pizza was fantastic.
I would come here again and recommend it no doubt.

The pizza slices were large.
The garlic knots were delicious.
After being in Vegas for a few days we just wanted to grab something quick and easy to eat.
I was impressed by the size of the slices.
My only complaint is that the patio area was small and did not have seating.
Otherwise, great place for pizza.

BURNED  This end of the strip seems to be full of New York style pizza places selling slices.
You know the type of pizza that Jon Stewart from "The Daily Show" thinks is the best pizza in the world.
At the end of the day, real pizza comes from Italy and not any American city.
I have never truly been a fan of NY style pizza.
When I'm in NY I usually only buy a slice because it's cheap, fast and I'm hungry.
So here I am in Las Vegas and not New York.
I was really hungry and needed a bite to eat for my walk home down the street.
I stopped in for a slice and they threw it in the oven.
It was in the oven for rather a long time.
I really wasn't in a hurry as I checked my emails and waited for it.
I finally got my slice and I decided to bite into it.
The problem was that the pizza temperature was set to nuclear radiation heat level.
The piping hot cheese stuck to the roof of my mouth and I couldn't get it off in time.
All I could think was why didn't the person handing me the pizza slice give me a warning like, "Hey be careful because it's really hot!
" I didn't think it was hot because my slice looked dried out and there was no steam flowing out of it.
A warning or something would have been a nice gesture.
I also must take responsibility because I bit into it without thinking twice but I was hungry.
I ended up with a nasty burn on the roof of my mouth.
Luckily the roof of the mouth heals fast.
I had to deal with the burn pain for a couple of days.
It was annoying and made me have not fond memories of this place every time I ate something in Vegas.
I really wouldn't recommend  this place unless you were hungry and just looking for a quick and cheap fix.
Six bucks for a slice is not a bad deal in Vegas considering how expensive food is around here.
I really wished I would have just walked by this location.
The pizza wasn't that great just like New York City.
If they were going for an authentic NY style pizza, then they nailed it.
My only advice is to just check the temperature before biting in or you might get BURNED.
On a side note there are a ton of costumed characters hanging around nearby selling photo opps.
It is kind of like a freak show of costumed crazies.
These characters are in no way associated with this pizza place but you are going to have to go through this mess to get here.
Enjoy!

I have to say for the price and quantity this slice of pizza was so tasty.
The amount of sauce was not overwhelming and the amount of cheese was just right.
The pizza was warmed in the large oven on order so one does not get a cold slice.
The knot was omg!!
So delicious!!
I could have kept eating more.
Thank goodness I only got one.
They run about $1 dollar plus tax.
The options for beers are just ehh, nothing fancy or something I might like/order so I opted for a soda.
There are NO chairs so expect to stand either inside the location or outside and share a tight counter/ space with other customers.
The counter faces the cosmopolitan hotel and Las Vegas strip so @ least you'll have a decent view.

Awesome pizza , cheap prices and great taste!
Probably only place on the strip to get a meal under $ 10 .
Don't forget to try the baseball size Garlic Knots and grab a beer to wash it down .The size of your slice or pizza is humongous!

Yummmmm so great tasting hugeeee pizza!!!
My only hold back on one star was because the wait takes some time....
It's nice they reheat the pizza..
But it's gets all backed up in the front cuz it's a small place and everyone is waiting for their slice.
But the pizza pieces are huge!!
And price isn't bad either I would recommended it.

LOVE!!!
I come from NYC, so I love thin crust pizzas.
These pizzas are HUGE.
One slice is probably equivalent to 2 slices of regular NY deli slices.
They go for $6 a slice.
The garlic knots here are SOOO good.
They melt in your mouth like butter.
They're $1 for one.
They also have deals like one slice, one knot and a beer or fountain soda.
Def worth the price and the girls behind the counter dress up like Pin-Ups.
So pretty!
Everyone is super nice too.

This pizza was sooo good.
The line was out the door.
They had this garlic knot that was DELICIOUS.
I've thought about them a few times since leaving Vegas.
Lol

This is one of those places that the food tastes add good as it looks.
As pizza is one of my greatest food kryptonite I had to try it out... boy was I pleasantly satisfied.
The slice is huge, you look at it and think "I can easily share this"... but don't, eat it yourself it's too good to share.
The crust has a nice crunch to it, over sized pepperoni and a nice think layer of cheese make this the perfect "on the strip, quick bite to eat!

Absolutely loved this place!
Heard of this place from my co-worker, and since I love pizza, I had to take a look for myself.
If you've had Costco pizza you know how big the slices are, but this place tops it.
A single slice is 15 inches.
I felt the pricing was more than fair.
A slice, garlic knot, and refillable soda for $8.99.
I think that is a good value.
Pizza was very good, it's thin crust, and the garlic knot was great as well.
The women working there had the pinup look which was a good touch.
There was a gentlemen by the name of Benji who who as great guy.
Everyone there was very welcoming.
I probably would have given this place 4 stars since the seating wasn't that great.
Small outside patio section and small standing counter inside.
So it did get a little crowded in there considering its 100° outside.
But considering there is a walkway to a sports book inside the casino, it regained that star.
Pizza and sports.
Can't get much better than that.
I definitely suggest this place if you are looking for a large slice of pizza with employees who play the part.

Looking for a big pizza slice for under $7...this is the place.
Looking for a big pizza slice for under $7 when you've been drinking...this is the place.
Looking for a big pizza slice for under $7 that has flavor...keep going.
Yes, I'm a finicky New Yorker and lover of any style pizza (except the weird ones from California that put sprouts and root vegetables on a pizza).
Might not have been drunk enough.
Bonus star because the staff is very friendly!

I highly recommend this pizza place in Vegas.
Each slice is really huge and for $5.25 - $6 which isnt bad.
Combo price is $8.99 with soda and garlic.
The pizza isnt that greasy compared to the other pizza places ive been to.
This place is at a convenient location on the strip.

The best thing about this place is value.
I could not believe the price for a slice of pizza....given the huge size of their slices.
Absolutely amazing.
The pizza tasted good and is on part with many of the pizza offerings on the strip.
We did go later in the evening and found the crust to be somewhat hard, leaving the roof of mouth a little worse for wear.
Other than that I give this place a thumbs up.
Give it a try.
It was fast and the staff was friendly.

Very large slices and inexpensive!
The Margherita pizza was very tasty and filling.
Customer service was great.
The staff threw in an extra garlic knot!

This was really good pizza.
The slices are huge and hot from the oven.
It is really a take away place on the strip located in front of Planet Hollywood casino.
There is a place to stand inside and outside with umbrellas for shade, but no seats.
If you are looking for a nice slice of pizza at a reasonable ( for the Vegas Strip) price try Pin Up Pizza.

The food as well as the service was incredible!
Great prices and giant slices of pizza make for a great meal on the LV Strip!

A cute lil' slice shop in front of Planet Hollywood.
Very cool!
Dunno why it hasn't generated more buzz amongst the Yelp community?
They serve up huge slices of pizza with a 1950's theme-decor.
The pies are pre-made, you have seven types to choose from.
I got the Margherita (small tomatoes, basil, mozza, pecorino) on my first visit, and the Artichoke (artichoke hearts, spinach, cream, pecorino) on my second visit.
Both were great, there was a generous smattering of toppings on a perfectly crisped NY-style crust.
If I had to choose, I liked the Artichoke a tad bit better, just because I love artichoke hearts.
Pizza by the slice is a tad high, $6, but you can get the Sandra D. Combo (slice, garlic knot, and soda) for $9 which is a very filling meal.
A $9 meal on the Strip?
That's a steal!
Overall, a great stop on a drunk casino-crawl.
Quality of the pizza is not quite as good as Secret Pizza (at the Cosmo) or Five-5-0 (Aria), but it's close.

Thanks to the friendly Canadian that we met at the casino, this meal was free-ninety-nine...
Otherwise, I probably would've had to chop off a 1/2 star or so.
The pizza did what it was supposed to do after a night of drinking but was less-than-average and definitely could've used more cheese.
We did appreciate the Yelp offer for the free beer - again, another reason for the rating.
Other than that, there are better late night pizza spots on the strip.

Delicious huge slices for affordable prices, the combo is a great deal.
Very friendly service too.

