Had lunch here today.
Simple menu but good food made fresh.
Hand made hamburger and patty melt were our treats.
Now have to try the fish fry on Fridays that they ran out of last night due to outstanding patrons.

We ate at Cafe 99 on Sunday afternoon for lunch.
The food was great and the service was amazing.
The kids all said "This place is AWESOME!
" Can't wait to try it again.
Yummy

Tried breakfast this time with Arizona's own SKY 12, Jerry Foster.
Can't beat the $3.99 full breakfast.
Our waitress was outstanding.
Reminded us of Mel's Diner.
Try it you'll like it as Mikey would say.

Everything's great!
Food - service - can't beat it!
Came for lunch and wasn't disappointed.
Even our three girls enjoyed the food and the kids menus that they could color on.

Well, for only being open a week or so (as of 1/21/14) this place is fantastic.
I've been back several times to try different items, and everything has been fresh and delicious.
There are some classics with a twist, and some out-of-the-ballpark hits.
At breakfast, so far my favorite is the Southern Fried Biscuits and Gravy.
It's a homemade biscuit that's crispy on the outside (because the sauteed it in butter--I asked) and fluffy on the inside with sausage gravy topped with fried chicken (yes, fried chicken) and two eggs.
My favorite at dinner is probably the chicken pot pie .
unique with a cornbread crust.
Mmmmm.
I think my over-the-top favorite right now is probably the Rattlesnake Bites.
They are cream cheese stuffed jalapenos rolled in bacon and corn flakes (I think) and deep fried.
The ones I had ranged from mildly tingly to pretty zingy, so if you're super sensitive to spicy foods, better stick with the Fried Mac & Cheese, which was also very good.
Looking forward to going back soon.
I just found a new favorite place to eat.

I took my daughter here the second day it opened.
People we're very nice.
Can't say much for the food though.
... my daughter got the chicken strip kids meal and there was NO TASTE to them!
Not to mention they were very large for a kids dish!!
To top that off they were a over cooked!
I myself got the chicken pot pie dish.. didn't like that they just threw 2 peices of corn bread for the crust....
But the stuff inside tast and looked like one of them banquit dinner boxes with the can and the stuff u put on top then place in the oven....
GROSSSS!!
Everything we ordered Looked as if it eather came out a can and heated up or burnt and tastless!
OH and lets not forget that my daughters orange that they just cut up and put on a plate drizzled with some orange cream suace wasn't even ripe enough to eat.
Needless to say I do not see this place making it even for a place like sun city I don't see a senior eating there much!

The staff is great.
The food is very hit and miss.
Nothing is consistent out of the kitchen except inconsistency.
Sunday/Monday breakfasts are not anything like the other 5 days.. again, due to inconsistency.

Food is legit.
It is hard to find the quality of food that we got at Cafe 99 in a "diner/cafe" type atmosphere.
Prices were good and the dinner choices were exciting and different.
We will be back to try breakfast.
As a new venue, I look forward to their growth and new menu choices.

No stars!!!!!
Bad service!
Worse food!
Manager has a real bad attitude!!!!!!!!!!
Don't ever bother to go there!
It totally sucked!
These people have no idea of how to prepare or serve food!

Because of the mixed reviews, we went to check it out.
and because this location has had a few restaurant changeovers.
The interior is now clean, bright & cheerful with bright orange & green walls, Yay!
new seating too!
The menu offers items I have never seen before & that made it hard for me to choose, because I wanted to try everything.
LOL.
Our Waitress was the friendliest person there!
She showed good customer service skills .
I ordered the fish fry since it was the friday night special.
Fish was nice & hot - tasted really good.
Fries were shoestring style, which was a pleasant surprise.
Hubby ordered salisbury steak with mashed potatoes and ate them all up.
We will go back to check out their breaksfast menu.
Their appetizers looked really tempting & included fried mac & cheese,.
Over all,  I think this place actually has a chance of succeeding!
My only regret is that I didnt grab a to-go menu.

The burgers are amazing.
I ordered a roasted garlic cheese burger, not on the menu but it should be.
So garlicky and delicious.
Loved every bite.
Love their burgers and the southern fried biscuits and gravy.
Servers are so nice.
Definitely recommend it.

Cafe 99 is awesome, food is fresh and delicious.
I have been there for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Great everytime.

We went here tonight to celebrate our 10 year wedding anniversary.
We arrived 30 minutes to closing and I was afraid we were going to be rushed out,it was quite the opposite actually.
The host was very pleasant and friendly and promptly seated us.
We explained it was out first time and about our anniversary  and he warmly welcomed us to the restaurant.
We asked him a few questions about the menu and he was very honest and well informed.
The server was very friendly with a wonderful sense of humor I ordered their  bacon cheeseburger special and my husband ordered the liver & onions.
A few minutes later the host returned to our table telling us that the owners wished us a happy wedding anniversary and that they has just celebrated theirs.
Soon after that the owner came to our table and personally wished us well wishes.
They gave us on the house the rattle snake jalapeno poppers/bites stuffed with bacon and cream cheese.
With a side of Dewey sauce.
They were excellent tasting the bacon stood out and not very spicy, just the way we like them, The Dewey sauce had a smokey flavor and was a good balance.
We soon received our food and I was very impressed with the fresh tasting,juicy Angus beef burger with thick cut bacon, I ordered mine with grilled onions they top it with Dewey sauce a nice addition in my opinion, The fresh shoestring fries were tender and crispy.
I feel the burger is the best in my neighborhood area my side of town.
My husband was surprised to find his liver had brown gravy on it.
He had never eaten it that way.
He stated that it was the best liver and onions he had ever eaten and that the gravy made a nice addition, I must agree I am definitely not a liver lover,upon tasting this liver dinner I am a cafe 99 liver lover.
For desert we had the lemon cream cake which was light,fluffy and subtle of lemon flavor.
The cake was moist and tasted freshly made we loved it.
We had a wonderful experience here and definitely will return here soon.
The staff and ownership of this restaurant is impressive they  actually listen to what you have to say  and are great.
Thanks cafe 99 for giving us a very memorable happy 10th wedding anniversary at a wonderfully decent price.

I returned here 3/28/14 my husband and I and a friend for dinner.
We were greeted warmly and sat immediately.
The owners greeted us immediately I assumed they remembered us from our last visit.
The waitress was very personable and friendly.
My husband ordered the country fried steak and I ordered my favorite cheese burger with bacon.
My friend ordered the patty melt.
The wait for the food was a bit longer than usual due to the large group of 17 people.
We were told ahead of time so we were prepared.
When we got our food it was very tasty and as delicious as the last time.
My husband' s country fried steak was crunchy and the gravy was flavorful.
My hamburger was delicious like before.
The patty melt according to my friend was very good with carmelized onions wow!
I tasted it it was.
We managed to have desert too wich was on the house according to the waitress due to the wait of the food.
I had the half baked cookie wich was ooey gooey heaven.
My husband had ice cream and my friend had the lemon mascarpone cake.
We managed to roll ourselves out of here with a smile on our face.
Great food, service and will come back for breakfast soon.

I like the food and I like the overall vibe of the restaurant.
However, and this was a problem with the previous owners of this location, please fix the ventilation/exhaust fan in your kitchen.
You are immediately blasted by the smell of cooking grease when you walk in the front door.
You cannot eat here and leave without smelling like you showered in a deep fryer.
Now that I have that out of the way, you can really tell that they care about the quality of food here, looks like they make their own sausage patties, they use some quality ingredients, etc.
Fix the air quality issue, and I would give this place a higher rating.

I wanted to like it, the staff was very friendly and the decor was nice, but the food...
Bland, nothing special, eggs were cooked incorrectly, out of the 8 we ordered 4 were over medium.
French Toast had no flavor, tasted like milky bread, I could make better at home and I don't cook.
Hash browns ugh, almost tasted stale.
Chicken and gravy wasn't too fought, but tasted like frozen fingers fried up.
Coffee not bad.
And as u said service was great, I really feel bad leaving this review, but the food was no where should it be, I have no idea how this place has received 5 stars

Score:  Thumbs Up:  1               Thumbs Down:  1  We are glad someone is trying to make a "go" of this place once again.
We are concerned whether or not the year-round locals are going to be able to support it.
We hope in time, they get dialed in operating this restaurant smoothly & having servers who have personally tasted everything on the menu, the chef refining his/her recipes & plating techniques, & the cooks improving their cooking techniques & expediting of orders.
The owners seem nice & concerned to have pleased customers, but they need to be more involved w/food prep, cooking, plating & serving instead of sitting in their defacto office (a rear booth).
Gordon Ramsey & Jon Staffer would have a field day if they saw that going on.
Their attempt to change the interior is a good start.
Understandably, given that it takes a lot of capital to get a restaurant up & running,  we're sure they carefully considered their priorities on the interior face-lift.
Painting the dark wood booths a light enamel & replacing the entry counter (the first thing one sees when they walk in), would have gotten them closer to a home run.
Maybe when they start running in the black, these can be done.
They need to add some greenery in the entrance planters.
The entry experience, especially the lobby, front counter & greeter  is where the "first impression" is made.
Hope to see it improve in a short time.
My next review will be about the food.

The current cook is not my favorite.
We came in for dinner and had the fish fry I had the cod my husband had cat fish.
We asked for our frys well done but they were hard as a rock.
The coleslaw was fresh but lacked flavor.
I know even good restaurants can have their off day.
Today was one of them.

What a treat.
Almost impossible to find a place these days where food is made from scratch.
My family includes people with very specific dietary needs, including a gluten allergy.
The chefs there came to the table to make sure they knew every need and cook foods that wouldn't cause us problems.
What a class act.
Lively enjoyable atmosphere.
Friendly servers.
They knew many of the other customers by name.
Wow!
That's impressive.
I look forward to coming here for a long time.
They also have daily deals that are super affordable so it works with any budget.
Call and ask about those, they are not on the menu.

Tried this place for the first time.
The prices are reasonable however the food is sub par!
I ordered over easy eggs and got over medium to over hard eggs.
Not happy!!!
Pancakes take like dirty dish cloth!!
Yuck!!!
The bacon and hashbrowns were actually very good.
Customer service was average, nothing memorable.
Won't be back!!!
Sorry, there are way too many breakfast places in the valley to choose from.
If you want to stand out, you have to do better than this.
Recommend Peoria Cafe or Brothers instead!!

They have a new chef his name is Don.
His specialty is Memphis style BBQ.
He is a great chef.
He approach ed us asking questions about our tastes and opinions in the food we had eaten.
I had chili cheese frys and my husband had Frito pie.
My friend had chili cheese dog.
The chili was fresh and chunky and wonderful.
The experience was one of the best here.
The food is back to being awesome.
With a new flair.
I feel like they welcome feed back and actually care what the consumer has to say and act on it.

Stopped by for an afternoon snack and had the lemon cake.
Mmmm.
Moist, creamy, lemony.
I heard they have a Pit Master on board as Chef.
Can't wait to give the BBQ a try.
But what I was really struck by is Jennifer and Dewey Leitch's commitment to the community.
Just like the 70s decor, it is a throw back to a time when people cared about each other.
I'll be back!

My hubby and I were excited to try this place out today.
I saw so many reviews about the eggs Benedict so I decided to try them with the country potatoes.
Hubby got the biscuits and gravy with a side of ham.
For the eggs Benedict, you get to choose from proteins and veggies to go in the dish.
I just got the ham since they didn't have the traditional Canadian bacon and with the hollandaise sauce.
My breakfast was bland to say the least.
My "country" potatoes where just diced potatoes.
It would have been nice to have onions or peppers.
since they are called country potatoes, I expected more.
And absolutely no seasoning... No salt, no pepper.... My eggs Benedict were below average.
The hollandaise sauce did not taste like anything and the ham was sliced so thinly, I could hardly tell it was in the dish and English muffin was soggy and not toasted.
Now to the good part...I tasted my hubby's biscuits and gravy and was immediately envious!
It was so good.
So I may go back and try other menu items....seem like a hit and miss

We've eaten at Cafe 99 three times in the past 5 months.
Would eat there more often if my schedule permitted.
Every visit the food has been great.
The fried chicken biscuit is incredible.
I normally refuse to eat fried food at a restaurant because I am so picky about it.
I can honestly say the chefs at Cafe 99 have perfected there homemade breading and frying recipes.
The staff has always been friendly, kind, and entirely engaged in the customer experience... which you don't find often.
One time we went, there was a new waitress who had never waitressed before and probably shouldn't, but the rest of the staff patiently helped her and picked up her slack so we still had a great experience.
Their food is so well prepared that I have tipped the chef.
The decor is quirky and clean.
Keep it Up!

