They have been open about 2 months in the New York New York Casino in Las Vegas.
MyVegas on Facebook just started offering a 2-for-1 deal, so I cashed in 5,000 Loyalty Points for a voucher good for $11 off.
They don't have a website or a menu on the casino website yet.
There were about half a dozen sweet and half a dozen savory crepes offered.
We ordered at the cash register and picked up the food on the other end of the counter.
You can watch your crepe being made.
My friend chose the Breakfast Crepe and I had the Ham and Cheese Crepe.
The crepe was large and slightly doughy.
I'm used to a thinner, lighter, dryer crepe.
Next time we would order one savory and one sweet crepe and share the two.
We will be back.

This is a no-frills restaurant that serves a variety of crepes (sweet and savory), one type of waffle, Krispy Kreme donuts, and some drinks.
I opted for the waffle because it was $6.99.
Their sweet crepes were $8.99, and their savory crepes were $9.99.
The crepes were a bit too pricey for me, as well as their Krispy Kreme Donuts ($1.75 per donut).
The waffle was very plain.
I asked for my whipped cream on the side and got a small ice cream scoop of it.
She sprinkled some powdered sugar on top.
Butter, sugar-free syrup, and utensils were self-serve.
The waffle was decent, but it didn't taste spectacular.
If I come back here again, I'll try their crepes.

Nice light food which is a good break from everything else Vegas has to offer.
Buffalo chicken is really good, ham and cheese is decent, bacon and egg is good but too cheesy.
I stopped by a few times because its fast, not chain food and pretty tasty/cheap.

This newly opened crepe shop is tucked back into the adorable New York New York casino.
We used 5,000 points from our MyVegas app (seriously, check out this app for awesome vegas freebies) to get the buy one get one deal on the crepes.
There were about 6 sweet crepes to choose from, we tried the strawberry crepe filled with tons of fresh strawberries and Mascarpone  cheese.
We also ordered the cannoli crepe.
Sweet crepes run about $8.99 and savory crepes are about $9.99.
Both crepes were great; huge and very decadent.
If these puppies don't satisfy your sweet tooth, I don't know what will.
Minus one star because I thought the batter was a little thick for my liking.

Well, these crepes are overpriced and less than authentic, but that's all right with me.
They were tasty and quick; a decent breakfast when you want more than Starbucks but less than a sit down restaurant.
Really, this is a food court and you're getting basically what I'd expect to get in a mall.
There are cafe tables near the storefront, so grab one of those if you can.
There aren't many, so you might have to stake one out.
On that same note, don't linger and chit chat once you've finished eating if people are waiting.
As for the crepes, they are substantial enough to fill you up for the morning and most of the afternoon.
They're thicker than I expected, but I don't care, they still tasted good and I'm not some kind of crepe snob.
The one I got was chock full of scrambled eggs, cheese, and bacon.
Not the best I've ever had, but totally acceptable.
Split one with a friend if you're planning on having lunch, or eat the whole damn thing yourself because you're in Vegas.

On a recent (and my first) trip the Las Vegas, 48th and Crepe somehow became my go-to spot.
We were staying at New York-New York, so in the morning (or around noon, to be honest) when it was finally time to eat something, this was a quick enough option.
They have breakfast crepes, so it gave me the breakfast I wanted without much hassle.
I had the egg and bacon crepe for my first two trips.
I also had a sweet crepe with Nutella on my third (and final) trip here.
You order at the counter, then wait for them to call your name.
It is a little bit pricey for a crepe, but I think most restaurants in hotels are overpriced.
The staff was nice and friendly.
On the first day (Saturday morning), there were quite a few people waiting for crepes, but it still only took about 15 minutes, which was fair to me.
The crepe wasn't totally the best thing ever, but it was good!!!
It was large and full of food, so it was more than enough and kept me full for quite some time.
48th and Crepe doesn't have it's own seating area, but there are tables scattered throughout the area it is in.
I also appreciated their service on my last visit there, because they had accidentally added strawberries to my banana and Nutella crepe.
(My friend had ordered her's with strawberries, which was an upcharge.
)  Opposed to throwing it out and starting over, charging me, or just not acknowledging it, they informed me they had put strawberries on it and asked if I still wanted that or another.
(I love strawberries, so of course I happily took it.
)  I appreciated that and the fact that the crepes hit the spot every day I spent in Vegas!

This newly open creperie dishes out some yumm crepes.
They have a great mix of sweet and savory crepes.
I tried their banana with Nutella crepe and it was absolutely sinful.
Most of them are in the range of 8.50-9 and I think they are totally worth it Give them a shot.You wont be disappointed.

The crepes here were a bit odd.
I didn't like the texture or the taste of the batter.
My friend and I split a breakfast crepe.
We got the sausage and egg crepe.
It was definitely a good size to fill you up.
The crepe wasn't horrible just a bit off than what I would normally taste from other crepe places.
The dough was just really off and threw the rest if the taste off.
I wouldn't come back unless they changed their crepe batter.

