Wow!
Super friendly people and some seriously tasty pizza.
This will be a great place to grab a slice ( HUGE) or pick up a full pizza (that will probably feed at least 5 very hungry people).
While my son and I waited, we looked over the menu a bit more.
Garlic knots for .50....that was easy call!
Added four of those bad boys to our order.
Our meat lovers pizza was awesome and I could only eat one slice and one knot before I was stuffed.
My always ravenously hungry teenage son could only do better by one knot.
Will be looking for any excuse to return!

Everyone here was beyond helpful and friendly, the owner/manager was in on his day-off, chatting up the customers in a very appealing way...killer lunch special- 2 HUGE slices of cheese AND a drink for $5 between 11AM-4PM (so it's like your drink is for free compared to normal prices)...I took a bite of my piping hot slice of pepperoni, and instantly fell in love.
Best NY Style slice in Northeast Phoenix...if not in ALL of Phoenix.
I can't Can't CAN'T wait to come back here and try some more of the awesomeness that they provide.
(Also, they have a 14in.
Gluten Free Cheese pizza for $14...that's 4in larger than Domino's, and about the same price, and the quality is MUCH MUCH better.

Another Isa's Pizza?!
The East Bell rd.
area just got brighter!
Joey the master pie man creates awesomeness with his big pudgy fingers!
The world is better now.
Keep calm and eat Isa's pizza!
Nonna's pie, the best!
Killer calzones and friggin serious stromboli.
Go get a slice and enjoy yourself for a change.
Rated best slice 2013 by one publication and top ten best pies 2013 by another.
FORGETTABOUDIT!

I used to have to drive over to the 7th and Thunderbird location for my fix of cheese and anchovy pizza, but now Isa's is in my backyard!!!!!
It's my go to lunch spot at least a couple of times a week.
All the pizza's look great but I'm a sucker for my two slices of cheese and anchovy plus drink.
Quality is terrific and the lunch special price is right on the mark,  So if your tired of a hamburger hot dog or anything else for that matter stop by and give it a try you will not be disappointed in this great slice of heaven.
And if your a little daring, try the anchovies!!!!!

Came here for the 3rd time today, and it was even better than the last two times.
The friendliness of everyone that works here is beyond outstanding...and Joey, the main pizza "ar-tist", is the best in Arizona at what he does.
The last time we came (Super Bowl Sunday), me and Denise grabbed a 14in Gluten Free Pie (she's celiac, so no hate please) that was half pepperoni-half Hawaiian, and it was without a doubt the best GF I personally ever had...it was also 4 inches bigger than Domino's, about the same price, and a LOT LOT LOT tastier.
Anywho, on my trip today, I got the lunch special again; a slice of white pizza and a slice of the meatlovers...the white pizza there is, once again without a doubt, the BEST white pizza I have ever had.
The ricotta and fresh mozzarella were so decadent, each bite was pure heaven.
The meatlovers was also superb.....
I'm not even a Ham-on-pizza-guy, but it so worked here.
No complaints whatsoever...every bite of both slices was pure perfection, but their white pizza is to die for.
I'm convinced; if you've never been to New York to have a genuine slice of NY Pie there, or you've never had a slice of pizza at Isa's, then you, my friend, have never had REAL pizza.
Whether it's there 40th and Bell location, or their 7th Street and Thunderbird location, get to Isa's ASAP and take a bite of some of the best pizza you will ever eat.

Went here tonight.
A bit of a drive from Cave Creek......
But oh so worth it!!
Finally I got East coast pizza in Arizona.
Being from Maryland it is hard to find Pizza, my husband had the sausage and pepper sub, which he moaned the entire time how good it was!
We have already told our son and grandson we ate taking them there for real pizza:) great place , clean .
A must try.
Many types of pizza are ready to buy by the slice.
See you there.

I stopped by Isa's after work one night around 7:30 PM because I was starving and craving pizza.
The guy at the sno cone place right by there had advised me to try it a few days before, mentioning that they have a great lunch special.
I am so glad I listened to him.
The place only had a family of 3 when I came in this late at night and there were only a couple pizzas to choose from, but I'm not picky.
Granted it was almost time to close for them.
I decided to get two slices: the specialty and white pizza.
After a quick warming up in the oven, I took my slices to go.
They were so stinking delicious.
I have continued to have cravings for Isa's since that trip a few days ago and I can't wait to go back.
Probably for the lunch special next time.
I definitely could have gotten away with just one slice, but I will most likely still get two and just save one slice for later next time because the pizza is so amazing.
I also heard the lady with her two kids who ordered before me ask if they could have some garlic knots, but the employee said they didn't have any.
I'll definitely have to try those in the future.
Basically, this is probably the cheapest price for the best quality pizza in the area.
Don't miss this gem!

I'm a regular at their other location as it is close to where I work.
I am super happy there is now an Isa's close to where I live.
This place does NYC style pizza perfectly.
They can do quick slices on the to and they deliver.
I even picked up fresh pizza dough for a DIY night this weekend.
This place is amazing.

These guys have some really good Pizza and it is relatively close to la casa.
Saw them one day while eating at PV Burgers and have been coming back ever since.
This location has been so many different restaurants over the years.
What they have now is some very nice 18" NY Pizza.
You can go NY thin crust or try out their Sicilian style.
They also have Salads, Heroes, Macaroni, Calzones, Stromboli and more.
Ordered their excellent lunch special on my first visit.
It was two slices of cheese and a soda for a crisp fin ($5).
You can also choose from several different pizzas in the display case or take some cheese and add your own toppings per request.
Very quick and a tasty treat.
They also have delivery.
This is always great when it is a Friday or Saturday night and the St Pauli Girls are going down rather easily.
Just call them up and it arrives with no or little effort at all.
You will want to make sure and order early or ahead of time since they close at 8 o'clock.
Service is friendly and the quality of the pizza is fantastic.
Everything is always fresh and the pizza can be warmed up later if you have leftovers.
We are talking 18" of pure delight and we normally alway get a couple meals between the two of us.
Just need an excuse to order some more pizza.
Granddaughter does enjoy chewing on the crust.
She is teething at the moment.
Anybody ready for a Supreme Pizza?
DING DONG!
4.5 STARS

Excellent pizza, meatballs, and sausage.
Not for groups or dates, just a great mealie you're from New York, you'll feel totally at home.
I plan to use this place for take-out when we need to feed friends.
They even have cannoli.
High marks for friendliness.
They were so busy they ran out of bags.
Must be doing a lot right.

Ok.
I need to blame this one on Mark R.  He always comes here and checks in.
So I just had to check this place out and plus I'm always a sucker for a meatball sandwich.
So of course I tried their Meatball Parmesan hero.
Found out that the meatballs are not beef but veal and pork.
Yum yum.
It looked small at first but it's really filling.
So good but my wife said it best "that meatball sandwich was so dang good".
Really tasty.
Not spicy at all.
Also, when you order a hero you get a small salad too.
Not bad but a little too much Italian dressing.
Also, tried their lunch special which is two slices of pizza and a fountain drink.
Just remember it's cheese pizza and if you pick one of their specialty pizza then it's an extra .50 each.
So the special is really $6.
Huge pieces of pizza.
Really enjoyed it.
Crust was good and a little chewy.
Really liked their pizza.
They were very nice in welcoming us, bring our food the the table, checking up on us, and thanking us for coming in.
Very nice people working there.
So now I know why Mark R always comes to this little pizza joint.
Good pizza, good heroes, and friendly service.
I think I found a new pizza joint and plan on coming back.
Enjoy.
Yum yum.

I enjoyed the food but it want the best is ever had.
the atmosphere was good but slightly dark.
Overall good for a pizzeria though

I have been to Isa's two times now.
I was a big fan of Aiello's and was looking forward to Isa's opening in my hood.
The first time we ordered a pizza for pick up.
We ordered the eggplant pizza.
It was good yet slightly overcooked on the bottom.
And the pizzas are pricey.
It was over $20 for a thin crust that wasn't too filling.
But still a great tasting pizza.
The toppings are high quality.
I ordered their lunch special to-go a few days ago.
2 slices and a drink.
They have a good variety of pizzas to choose from for lunch.
I had the eggplant and the white.
Both mouthwatering.
Much better crust this time, not overcooked.
There is so much flavor packed into their pizza.
Also had one of their garlic knots.
They are heavenly.
Great addition to the neighborhood!

Absolute Pizza Addiction!
Isa's Pizza is excellent!
My New Yorker husband is over the moon with this place.
One of the girls in our office eats gluten free.
She said it's the best gluten free pizza she's tried.
Highly recommended.

Pizza is great.
Busy during lunch but worth the wait.
Antipasto Salad is delicious.
Pizza sizes are huge.
They have deals for lunch.
1 slice of pizza is $2.98 and they have another deal 2 slices and a drink for $6.50.
You have to try the garlic knots too they are $.50

they have pizza by the slice.
I personally moved the eggplant pizza and my daughter could have eaten all the garlic knots they had.
desserts were good too.
they have more on the menu then just pizza, we can't wait to try everything.
if you have not been in then you need to.

Address is listed wrong- It's 4001 E Bell Rd, Phoenix, AZ 85032  The pizza was really good NY style.
But the staff totally outshine the food.
I came in with a friend asked if they could do a pizza half/half.
They said they could even do quarters.
We didn't need that but would be great for families:)  My friend is in a wheelchair and he is total care.
they offered to cut the pizza in small bites.
I didn't even ask.
That was sweet of them to pay attention- And very helpful.
We will be back:)

Great NY style pizza.
Good dough  nice sauce & toppings.
Quality toppings too.
Big surprise was wings are the biggest and best I've had around.
Sweet pepper glaze are my favorite.
If you like authentic NY pizza,  this place reminds me of home.
Try it.

Would love to have had the opportunity to try this place but walked in a few minutes before 11 (door was unlocked) at the Bell location.
I was told upon entering that they did have all the pizzas out yet and that I would need to come back at later when they were open.
I ended up going down the block and had a great slice at Barro's

Wow the tiramisu , cannoils  and cream puffs are legit  Will be back!
The real deal

Yummy!
I stopped in after a doctor appointment and was really impressed!
I am really allergic to red sauce and so I really have to be careful when ordering pizza.
They had a delicious spinach Alfredo pizza with a white sauce!
Tasted amazing and was really filling!
Nice people and good service.
I will be back!

Fantastic food and great service at this 2nd location (original on 7th st).
The $5 lunch special for 2 slices and a soda can not be beat!
Special thanks to Nancy and Eric for their friendly and superb service!!

This was our first time eating here and we read all the reviews before we ordered and we decided to try the Nana's Pie because everyone raved about it.
Well now is my chance rave about this pizza!
The Nana's Pie was sooooo delicious!
It tasted homemade but better and it was so saucy and cheesy and full of flavor!!!!
So glad we decided to try a new favorite pizza place!
Will definitely be back!

