Just had an awesome dinner in this charming restaurant!
The restaurant is beautiful, it has nice live jazzy music, live langoustine, lobsters and great steaks case, service was awesome and the food to die for!
Tuna tartare, carpaccio, truffle scaloppine, duck breast in pomegranate sauce, the most fluffy truffle mashed potatoes I ever had and let's not forget the table flambé crapes Suzette's and homemade cheesecake.
Loved it!!
Will be back soon for more!

We were invited here with some friends tonight to try the new restaurant.
Walking in we were welcomed immediatly by a very friendly hostess.
For dinner My husband had the Cowboy prime steak and it was cooked perfectly and was so tender.
I ordered the fettucini alfredo with black truffle an it was the best fettucini of my life.
It was so light and the pasta was made fresh, i could tell.
My friends split the surf and turf, beautiful lobster tail and the filet they said melted in their mouths.
I shared with my husband the strawberry tiramisu and my friends had the bananas foster, cooked in front of us.
Great touch.
The band that performed in the lounge was great, they really created an atmosphere.
I think i will be back to celebrate valentines day here.

What a dining experience!
From the valet to the last bite of dessert this place was top notch.
The service was absolutely amazing, the decor warm and cozy, and the food was delectable, flavorful, perfect in every way.
Toscano is located in The Park at 3900 plaza, next to the old Firefly where the former Ruth Chris/Kelly's Steakhouse were.
I think Toscano is going to fare much better than its predecessors though.
Appetizer - tuna tartare.
This was awesome.
Fresh and delicious served beside perfectly seasoned crispy crostini.
Salad - Caprese salad.
This was a large salad, so my boyfriend and I were able to share it.
This just knocked my socks off.
I have never had such a delicious caprese salad in my life.
As I write this review I want to jump into my car and drive over there for some more!
Four large slices of tomato topped with delicious, buttery mozzarella, shaved strips of basil, and served with kalamata olives.
The amount of oil and seasonings was perfect.
Hands down - BEST CAPRESE EVER.
Main course - surf and turf.
My boyfriend and I decided to share this since the tuna tartare and caprese were large enough portions.
I don't eat meat, but he said the steak was phenomenal.
The lobster was served with drawn butter, absolutely perfect.
It came baked, and though I usually prefer mine steamed it didn't make any difference last night!
Dessert - we opted for the traditional tiramisu.
I loved how it was served in a martini glass - definitely added to the presentation.
And of course - it was to die for!
We ended up dining pretty late - in fact we were the last ones there.
The servers and staff never let on that we were keeping them.
They were absolutely great about everything.
I'd definitely recommend this place for a nice night out.
I'd even go there with my friends for a nice glass of wine, to share a dish, and split a dessert.
If I could give this place 10 stars I would!
It is a quiet, family owned restaurant, and the values of hard work and dedication show in their food, presentation, and service.
Definitely go check them out.

Rare is the opportunity to visit a place like Vegas and stumble across a brand new restaurant.
We found ourselves in that position at Toscano.
We walked in on just its second night of business.
It was the Presidents' Day weekend, so Vegas was jam packed.
Yet this stunning spot was largely empty.
At first we didn't understand why, and we continued to be perplexed as excellent food was delivered by a highly solicitous service staff.
We learned later that the restaurant was just getting started.
As for the food - maybe the best calamari I ever had, served with delicious marinara sauce; excellent fresh shellfish--some of it in a pleasing cioppino and the rest in a linguine dish; solid escargot (some French dishes, too!
);  terrific ravioli in lobster sauce; and elegant truffle mashed potatoes.
The dining rooms are magnificient.
Dark wood and leaded glass.
We were told this used to be a Ruth's Chris Steak House, so the new proprietors walked into a nearly turn-key space.
Toscano is in a highly competitive environment in a tough town.
We wish them well and hope they have a long run.
If you go, you will, too.

This place is amazing party of 6 amazing service, every meal was delicious, had to save room for desert made by a side cart.
Live music, live lobster, no wait for this 12,000 sq foot restaurant.

Went to Toscano last night for dinner, it's just behind the strip, such an amazing place!
Right next door to where fire fly used to be on paradise, huge restaurant with complimentary valet.
We started off with drinks at the bar while listening an amazing live band in the lounge area.
They have a very extensive wine list and amazing cocktails!
As soon as you walk in there is an area with aquariums of live seafood imported from all around the world, which you can pick and eat and a beautiful display of prime steaks as well.
We got sat quickly and started off with a few appetizers, the duck pâté stood out it had an amazing fig jam which was to die for!
I then had the spaghetti Pescatora which had a combination of seafood as well as the prawns and langoustines I had saw earlier in the aquariums seriously best plate of pasta I've ever had!
My friends enjoyed their dishes as well (seabass and filet mignon) which I didn't get a chance to taste since I was saving room for dessert!
We went with the side table choices crepes and banana foster OMG those are definitely a must when coming here!!!!
The service was impeccable and they are also Italian which was so fun to hear them talk and describe everything from food and wine!
I will be back on my next trip to vegas seeing that there were so many things I'm looking forward to trying!
Worth the 2 min cab ride from the strip!!!

food is fair at best..so bland with little taste.
Boring sauces with little flavor.
The quality of the ingredients are very good.
The service and atmosphere are tops .
Hire a new chef!!
I won't return.
A restaurant for the 65 and over crowd.
Live bar music for the 70 and over crowd.
So many better options to choose from.

Not just a dinner out, but a delightful dining experience with excellent food, attentive service provided by our waiter, Ciprian, and wonderful ambiance highlighted by live music.

We went here on Valentines Night to see our favorite performer Windy.
Service is confusing, we had 3 staff waiting on us.
They lack expertise.
We ordered many appetizers and a bottle of wine to enjoy the music in the lounge.
It took over 45 minutes and our order was still not fufilled.
The food that was delivered was pretty good and we enjoyed all.
However, you have to be patient as this is a newly opened place.

Great food!
Exceptional service thank you tommy.
Definitely a great dining experience.
Will be a regular here.
Vegas hidden gem.

A month later we went back: complimentary valet, great calamari, steak tartare, prosciutto sliced right at the table, fettuccine Alfredo, lobster ravioli, ahi tuna, asparagus.... All awesome!!
No room for dessert, but the waiter gave us some complimentary dessert, a warm pastry filled with custard and some complimentary sambuca and lemoncello...
Really??
Complimentary ??
Classy very much so!!
The live music at the lounge was pretty great as well!

Two words: MIND BLOWING.
For an off strip restaurant, my dinner party and I were blown away.
Our server was Alessandro and was amazing.
Ask for him!
His knowledge of the menu, service and overall care for us was about as good as it gets.
Super personable, funny, informative and nice.
We all had pasta of various types and really it was fantastic.
Tuna tartare starter was great... but at the end... the cherries jubilee??
That was the star of the show.
We'll be back.
Please try this place out.
Just a short taxi or 15 minute walk from the convention center area if you're in town for an exhibition of some sort.

This used to be the old Ruth's Chris Steakhouse, so the interior appointments were elegant.
I understand the business only recently opened, but it was Saturday night in Vegas and the town was packed , but at 8 pm the place was nearly empty.
We ordered the kale salad with lemon vinegrette, excellent, and a fois gras appetizer, tender, rich and delicious.
The main course was a chicken parm, well-prepared, but did not have much in the way of Italian marinara flavor.
It was more like a pan fried piece of chicken with melted cheese.
($26).
Everything here is a la carte, so it didn't even come with a side dish of pasta.
Service was very good , but my overall impression of the restaurant was "overpriced" and "good," but not excellent under Las Vegas standards.

I'm hooked!!!
I use YELP a lot.
However, OPEN TABLE sent me a NEW restaurant open thing.
So, me & my woman went to check it out.
I was back the next day!!!
Enough said!
Lol people check this place out.
I know it's a rule of thumb to wait about 6-months before going into a fairly new place...so the can get the kinks out.
Just go I think you'll love it.
ENTERTAINMENT for sure

I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.
The decor is beautiful, just intimate enough, but it was ruined by the obnoxious entertainment coming from the lounge!
It was difficult to carry a conversation and the performer was terrible!
And, we were seated at a booth and could hear the noise coming through the wall from the kitchen!
The only thing worse than the noise, was the food.
Under seasoned calamari and undercooked pasta.
The service was the only remarkable part of the evening.
Top notch staff!
Hopefully they can match their food to the service someday.

New for me, but they seemed to give us that "why are you eating here" vibe.... Food was just ok and didn't have me thinking i should return...
The food was just ok, and really overpriced...
But what do you expect from an italian joint on paradise... Buca is not even a quarter mile away... we shared a Cesar salad and calamari and chicken parmesan and... this came to 58 dollars...
Normally someone would order this just for one... for that price you can feed a family of 4 at Buca....

Please don't pass this place by.
A few blocks off the strip but a few blocks closer to perfection.
Went there for our 31st anniversary and it couldn't have been better.
Went last year to Ramsays Steak and they sucked.
Great service, great food.
Good wine list that doesn't break the bank.
Go check out the menu.
Everything we had and I mean everything was perfect.
Rib Eye was so flavorful and filling.
Caesar Salad was wonderful.
If you get the chance ask to be in Slater's section.Todd will make your Banana's foster and we even had Prosciutto sliced directly at the table as an appetizer which was a first for me.
Go give them a try.
Great service that is worth every penny.
Less expensive than most of the steak houses on the strip.

Excellent!
I've been the Golden Steer many times this place is right up there.
Great steaks!
Big portions-great taste-excellent Malbec & service.
They treated us like kings!
Nice ambience and no crowds.
Check it out before the Firefly bunch tires of health inspection raids.

I've been totally on the fence about writing a review for Toscano.
Had a groupon for $50, but still ended up paying additional $60 out of pocket...for 2 people!
And neither of us had steak.
Husband reported his lobster ravioli to be flavorful.
My duck was two very small breasts...and what I would swear were INSTANT mashed potatoes.
As some others have reported, I found everything, from the soup to the sauces, lacking in seasoning.
We waited 30 minutes for the finale: creme brulee.
I think they made it from scratch; but at least they made it (I've been to so many places in Vegas where it is on the menu, but they never have it!).
I kind of felt like they could have comp'ed the cappuccinos we had while we were waiting so long.
Service was good and the decor was upscale.
My biggest peeve of the night: the chairs were TOO HIGH for the table we were at.
I felt like a buzzard,  hunched over my meal.
No other huge complaints.
Just didn't feel the food was special enough--at those prices--to come back.

What an amazing place for dinner.
The ambience & service is outstanding.
Francesco was our server.
We started with a glass of Pinot then a Caesar salad bread & butter.
Our filet was cooked perfectly with the au gratin potatoes as well as the asparagus.
(Order the  beranasie sauce) before dessert they brought out lime cello to cleanse our palate.
Dessert was the table side banana foster, well worth it.
This is a great place for a nice dinner or a special occasion.

This is a beautiful restaurant with impeccable service.
I ordered the calamari based on the reviews.
It was good, but nothing special.
I agree with some other reviewers that it was under seasoned.
The lobster ravioli was very tasty.
The sauce was delicious.
The bananas foster did not disappoint.
It was the definite highlight of the meal.
I would not go out of my way to go to this restaurant while in Vegas, but I had a wonderful dining experience here.

Hidden secret= no wait times!
This newly reopened , new ownership= a new experience!
I've been back a few times now!
The steaks are top notch!
The duck was so amazingly flavorful, accompanied by truffled mashed potatoes!
The cioppino was packed with fresh seafood!
The caprese sad has the freshest mozzarella and olive oil that I can imagine.
The only disappointment is the bread has been changed!
Since I don't go out for bread, I'm happy to not feel compelled to eat it all!!!

The service was terrible.
I could hear the servers in their service station all huddled together cussing loud enough for me to hear.
Not very classy.
Needless to say the food was good, but you can get great meals anywhere in this city.
Service is what sets it apart.
Not a fan

Went for an early dinner.
Food was great.
I even enjoyed their calamari - and I don't like seafood.
I ordered the Filet - and it was cooked perfectly.
The manager came over, and the wait staff was very attentive.
They even offered us complimentary proseco and dessert.
Lovely!
Will go back when I am in the area again.

Good Italian restaurant.
Expensive, but the quality is very good.
The breads were warmed.
Calamari Fritti was so good that we were unable to stop and almost regretted it because the portion was generous and affected our ability to fully consume subsequent dishes.
Linguini with lobster tail was so flavorful.
Filet Mignon was a perfect medium rare and great with the Béarnaise sauce.
Potato au Gratin was baked crispy outside and juicy inside.
And Tiramisu was the bomb!
Solid place to enjoy traditional-ish Italian steakhouse.

