We noticed the new spot and finally made it in.
Apparently it's owned by family members associated with Saigon Noodle.
It's new, big and clean.
It has all the basics: a reasonable looking meat and seafood counter; a vegetable section; some housewares and a small section of Mediterranean spices.
A nice addition to the west-side grocery world.

Come here for some Asian ingredients you need!
It's pretty much Midway but in a way cleaner and bigger place.
I like it here.
The aisles are bigger and really clean.
The service is good too.
I got to talk to the owner who apparently was an employee in Midway.
I can see myself as a regular here.
The BEST Indonesian noodle 'INDOMIE' is also sold here.
I have no regrets!
Aha!
The owner also told me that more Indonesian and other products are coming in two weeks.
I know I'll be back!

I love this place.
It's not that big, but the selection is pretty good for it's size.
I don't really shop for produce, so I can't comment on that, but the selection of everything else is quite good (noodles, dumplings, spices, sauces, etc).
It's in a great location.
Best of all, the three or four times I've gone the service was exceptional.
Maybe better than exceptional.
The staff would offer to help me without me asking.
They would start a friendly conversation with you and even leave the register to help you.
Speaking of the register, they're iPads!
I thought that was pretty unexpected.
I really hope they do well.
I've had a blast every time I've gone and really hope to shop here on a regular basis in the future.
I've been to Asian Midway, Oriental Shop, J&P, and Viet Hoa (been meaning to check out Yue Wah at some point) and this easily beats all of them in m opinion.

After I discovered this store, I quit going to other Asian grocery stores.
There are many reasons I like about this store.
Extremely helpful and friendly staff.
Nice and clean store.
Big selection.
Produce is fresh and nicely packed.
Price is very reasonable.
And the iPad checkout tops it all!

A-Mart has a great selection of different Asian foods from Korean, Chinese, Japanese to Vietnamese.
The prices are pretty fair as well, which is great.
The people who work there were fairly nice as well, which is always a plus.
=)  I will definitely continue to shop here!

