Big improvement over Ooka.
Sashimi was fresh and presentation excellent (on ice).
My Wife's bento box dinner was very good, beef was a good cut very tender.
It was Valentine's day so the rose and 1 cent champagne was a surprise.
Rolls look good but prefer Sashimi to separate the flavors.
Ika (squid) salad was well done nice touch on the baby greens, tasty.
Hope my pic is posted.
Will be back,  12 yrs since arriving to Az from Calif and I finally found my family spot.

Great service, very enjoyable atmosphere and amazing food!
We went right at 5 o'clock and sat at the hibachi.
We were very pleased that they allowed us to go ahead and have hibachi even though it was just 2 of us.
Our chef, Joe, was super fun and nice.
Will definitely being returning!

Awesome Japanese steakhouse!!
!better then Benihana!
Eric was our  teppananki chef and was amazing!so happy I live so close to here!
Hope this place succeeds.
The only negative about it is the server was kinda slow but nothing crazy.
See you guys next week!

This place is ok.
The guy had the grill too high and slightly burnt most of our food.
Sushi looked pretty good, but I didn't try it.
We'll be sticking with Ah So as their food is much better tasting.

Online reservation system doesn't work, walk-ins aren't welcome.
Came herefor my birthday, food was ok.
Nothing to write home about, not sure i'd describe the steaks as prime (serious accusation, so I won't go there).
Was fun though so I gathered my friends for a husbands/wives night out.
Made a reservation online for teppenyaki, when we walked in they didn't have the reservation in their system.
Had the confirmation on my phone for the correct location/date/time, still didn't help.
.. And since they only had 2 chefs on staff (weird for 7:30 on a Friday night) they wouldn't be able to seat us for 45min.
Even though I had a genuine complaint, they were completely unwilling to comp ANYTHING not even some sushi while we waited.
Made zero attempt to keep us the restaurant, very bad business model.
Teppenyaki options are limited on the west side, but definitely not returning here.
Not going to be in business long if they continue to be so unwilling to accept people coming in from the street, especially being so close to the movie theater.

joe the server was amazing we had a blast he was soo funny and the food was so tasty its a great place for a birthday  we r visiting from california and best service ever he was hilarious and I would go everyday if I could lol

It would be nice if they told you about Happy Hour when you come in during those hours.
It would be nice if the manager did ANYTHING besides sit behind the register staring at nothing.
It would be nice if the food came out in under 20 minutes WITHOUT a hair on it.
It would be nice if they seasoned the food a bit.
$50 for a below average sushi experience....no thanks.
No recommendation from me!

Walked into Osaka around 7pm on a Friday without a reservation and was promptly seated at the hibachi grill (there were three in my party).
I had been here once before with coworkers for happy hour and had been impressed.
I decided to come and try the hibachi side and I have to say I was NOT disappointed.
I have been to other teppan places before, of course - Benihana, Sakura, Mr. An's, etc.
While the artistry of the chef was a bit more crude, he was lively and interactive without seeming rehearsed.
The food was on par with the other places I have been; on this trip I had chicken, file mignon, shrimp, and swordfish (and boy did I have leftovers!!!).
All in all I had fun, good food, and didn't stray above my budget!
Did notice it seemed a bit empty for a Friday night, which was a shame.
I will DEFINITELY be coming here again soon.

Made a reservation online and come to find out their online booking system had a glitch.
We had the email confirmation on our phone but nothing showed up on their end.
End result was that we would have to wait 45 minutes to be seated in the hibachi area.
They didn't offer to do anything to keep us besides say sorry so we didn't hesitate to stay there and wait.
We walked right across the street to Firebirds and had a wonderful dinner.
Walked right in to Firebirds w/o a reservation and was seated just like that.
Osaka, please think about having more than 2 chefs on a FRIDAY night as no one in our party of 6 will be returning.

Great sushi during my visit and service was very good.
Did not try the steak and sat in the bar area.
They have group tables if you want a steak experience and watch them grill it in front of you.
I will try it again as my experience was good.
They are new so may be just working the kinks out based on reading other reviews.

New restaurants have a lot to prove.
That is why they fail so quick.
Here is a perfect example of what could have been.
Thought for certain that this would have been a good experience, Instead, I got bad service, mediocre food and a Benihana-like show that seemed forced.
Had sushi and was served last after all the cooked meals were delivered.
Waitress kept making the same claim that the food would be right out, but no delivery.
We don't want excuses, We want food.
I give them two months more before they become something else.
Avoid it.

As soon as we walked in we were greeted by a very nice blonde hostess.
very nice and welcoming  Now for the food we got tequila , mamma mia and Vegas , they were  amazing !
Then for desert we got Fried ice cream yummy also.
my wife and I experience was amazing.
Will be back

Atmosphere is nice!
Drinks are good..I had jalapeño deep fried with cream cheese.
It was fantastic!
I would get that alone next time with a soup but the roll called firework wasn't that good.
I ate 2 pieces left the rest.
I would go back sooner if the waiter who explained they are very new should've taken the roll I ordered off the bill.
It was okay overall.
Not too memorable

I have only sat in the sushi side of the restaurant and not the tepanyaki so that is what I am basing my review on.
Their sushi is excellent!!
We were very skeptical to go in because no one was there; and trying a new sushi place with no one there is a little scary.
This was a great find!
Their sushi is amazing and very fresh.
The Osaka roll is to die for!
Although you might look at the price and think it's too much, there is plenty to split.
It comes with a lobster tail that is served in a martini glass placed on the plate above the sushi.
It's amazing!
All the other rolls we had there were delicious as well.
Have already been back twice and plan to keep coming back!
The service is great, the place is really clean and decorated very nicely, and there are TVs around for you to watch the game (that's what my fiancé looks for lol).
I would recommend anyone looking for a sushi place in this area to try Osaka!

Came here with my family on fourth of July.
Pre-fireworks meal.
We eat here all the time since it first opened but this is my first review of the restaurant.
The teppenyaki side is lame and the sashimi is yuck but....... hands down best specialty rolls on the west side.
Service is always great!!!
My toddler wanted a milkshake that wasn't on the menu and our server talked the bartender in making her one!!!
AWESOME!!!
Thanks for going above the bar for her.
We brought in some food with us, as i wasnt sure she would try anything.
Our server just looked the other way.
He  gave her some "cheater" chop sticks and she didn't look back.
Squid salad, rolls,  she was in.
:) had a great time as always!!!!

I have been here for lunch a few times and with each visit the quality of the food has continued to decline.
At my last visit the rice that came with the sashimi bento box was mushy and had an odd metal taste to it.
The green tea was not brewed, but rather served in a leaky kettle with a bag.
The service is great but the food is disappointing.

My boyfriend and I stopped in for dinner.
He is a huge fan of Benihana and I have never had any sort of teppenyaki before so we decided to give it a try.
On a Tuesday at 5pm, we were both surprised that there was only one other patron in the restaurant.
The staff was incredibly attentive - our glasses were rarely even close to empty and they checked on us fairly regularly.
We also received complementary edamame as an appetizer and coffee cake as a dessert.
Both were absolutely delicious.
Our main meal was of decent quality - if the portions had not been large, it would not have been worth the cost (which is similar to Benihana).
I did, however, take home enough food for lunch tomorrow which made it worth it in my opinion.
We did not order any alcoholic beverages but a quick glance at the menu showed a decent selection of beer and wine, all for a very fair price, especially if you go during happy hour.
Overall, I wish I could give 3.5 stars but given that the staff went above and beyond, I will round up instead of down.
I would certainly consider going back - again, the cost v. quality is the only reason I would overlook Osaka.

Been wanting to go to this place for months.
So glad we finally did!
Great atmoshere, food and service.
Intimate, beautiful atmosphere.
Portions are huge so plan on sharing.
LOVE this place!

Fairly new restaurant with excellent Japanese food.
Wife and I have patronized this eatery about five times and service and food have always been top notched.
I personally love sashimi and theirs is always fresh.
Try their Happy Hour with their nice selection of drinks and sushi.
I have been to numerous Japanese restaurant in Peoria, Glendale and Scottsdale and I would rate this place as good as any in the valley.
Try it for yourself and I think you will agree.

A Fantastic Japanese restaurant we visited on a weekday night.
We started off with the side order of the beef and it was very delicious.
I tried the Katana drink (so good!
) and the Tokyo tea (Happy hour special) and they were very rewarding.
Prepared well.
Of course, we tried 4 sushi rolls.
The crazy roll, the godzilla, spicy salmon, and Tequila.
They were all finely prepared and brought out on one large plate.
The presentation was great.
The service was fine.
Only hiccup was the waiter didn't mention it was happy hour.
However, he was very professional and positive.
The total bill was around 60, so it was definitely worth it.

Since my original visit at Osaka, my fiancé and I have made this a regular dinner spot.
We tend to sit at the sushi bar because the chefs are wonderful.
We have tried nearly every roll on the menu and, since we sit at the sushi bar, we are treated to frequent, off-the-menu specials.
The wait-staff has definitely matured in the time between our first visit and now, tho I cannot say if that is primarily because they are familiar with us and have, therefore, become comfortable seeing us around.
Regardless, I have never come to Osaka and been disappointed.
Try it once for fun, twice and you'll be hooked for sure!

