Does happy hour end at 6pm or does it end at 7pm?!
I don't know and neither do the servers.
Be prepared to get screwed.
Have fun

This place is so cute and they have a great selection of beer.
Excited to see what comes of this place :)

This place was a lot different than what I expected it to be.
I expected a lot of fists flailing and d's running around trying to grind their overly cologne'd stink up on the ladies in bandage dresses.
Luckily, it was not that.
I felt like this place had more of a feel of like, a more upscale/hip Majerle's.
Huge TV's, hot chicks working the bar and overpriced drinks.
A captain and coke and a greyhound were $19.
Did someone say, "$9 beer night"?!
:-p  Overall the atmosphere is actually pretty cool - they have a giant moving cut out, pinup girl that hangs over the bar.
Talk about something to catch your eye.
We went fairly early so it was only around 8-9PM...the later the night got the more drunken guys fled the bar.
Dude's next to us dumped/broke their drinks all over the place, guys determined to play the skiball with my friend and I just trying to suck at the game without any assistance.
But hey, it's a bar can't expect anything less right?
;)  The outside is actually a really cool set up and the multiple bars are a great touch.
It's a great spot to check out I'd definitely recommend popping in while you're out :)

Much like its sister bars, Hi Fi and Mint, Bottled Blonde does a nice job of combining an expansive outdoor patio with a more intimate restaurant setting inside.
The outdoor bar is the clear focal point to this new Scottsdale hotspot that took the place of Axis/Radius.
You'll find many places to sit including low tables with comfortable patio couches.
A great choice for happy hour or weekend day drinks.
Their namesake house beer was this first I tried and could have guessed it was the delicious 5% Golden Blonde Ale from San Tan Brewery!
Our server Katelyn, recommended the Magic Hat #9, which is a 5.1% pale-ish ale with a touch of apricot, maybe?
It was pretty good and I was pleased to see some local beers including Four Peaks and Papago.
I ordered the Tartufo fries with a killer garlic Aioli sauce.
The pepperoni pizza was also quite good and not your typical bar food.
It's enough to split with a friend if you're also sharing an appetizer.
With TV's all around, I can easily see this place becoming just as popular as its neighbor bars.
I really dig the sleek modern look, nice staff, and overall vibe.
It's worth checking out nearly any time of day.
Good work, Bottled Blonde.

The waitress was on point for how busy it was on a Friday night!
However, the wings made my date and I sick!
And as neat as the atmosphere there is, it looks like a mixture of every other bar in Scottsdale.

Was expecting another Hifi or whiskey row knock off but I was pleasantly surprised.
It was not quite as obnoxious as the other two bars.
Servers are friendly, comfortable seating and a lot of it.
Tried the calamari appetizer and the veggie pizza are great also.

Another great patio spot to hang out at in old town.
Seems like a fun day drinking spot too!

Sat at the bar received  great service we enjoyed the patio!
Will deff be back

Great spots to hang out outside during the day for a few drinks!
Was expecting another El Hefe or American Junkie but the atmosphere here was way different,  less debauchery and more good chill vibes.

Do not order a mixed drink.
When asked if there was alcohol the female bartender said that is how she was told to make them.
Plus had to wait 15 min just to get service at the bar.
Hi Fi and Diercks are much much better!

Had a great time.
Most of the bartenders and servers were great except T***** H. After asking what their well vodka was, he proceeded to treat me and my friend very demeaningly.
He talked down to us and when I asked what type of bottle beer he had besides coots light, I ordered a bud light.
He said...."I thought you would".
I enjoyed the atmosphere, but he was the only reason I did not enjoy my time there.
I usually tip very well, but I do not tip nicely to people who act as though I am cheap.
A working college student cannot always afford the best and most expensive drinks.
Have a good time there, but stay awake from the short blonde guy Trevor....

Another overhyped bar from the owner of Mint and Hi-Fi.
You would think after so many years this people learned how to build a nice bar which will last for years.
It is your typical bar with bouncers at the door which controls the capacity in this place.
In other words keeps people waiting and let's only those whom they know or willing to pay.
As soon as you enter there is a huge bar in front of you with unfriendly bartenders whom takes forever to take orders and deliver them it.
Besides, on busy nights it is impossible to walk around bar due to lack of space.
Crowd?
Your typical Scottsdale crowd which bounces between El Hefe, Hi Fi and Fire House.
There are some nice people but douchy guys all droid up walking around trying to get laid with brainless girls with daddy issues are common at this place.
Food?
It would be the last place I would go for food.
Drinks?
5-7 dollar for a beer   And cocktails it all depends what you want but be prepared to pay between 7-20.
It is advertised as beer garden but lacks majority beers.

This place is NOT for someone looking to dance in old town.
Just hang out with friends and chill.
I came on a Sunday night after leaving Maya which got packed pretty fast.
So we hopped on over here to see what this place was all about.
Which was, not much.
It was easy and quick getting in.
Once in, there's a couple of large bars.
Around them is seating: couches, bar stools, etc.
In the back there is a long fire pit which was convenient and nice on a cold night.
Near the bathrooms are games you can play, which is cute.
The bathrooms were clean and the lighting was great, bright enough to fix makeup and check yourself.
The bartenders seemed overworked since everyone here seems to conjugate around the bar itself.
I think they need more bartenders.
Overall, it wasn't very exciting.
I think I'll take friends here that don't like clubbing or dancing and just want to "chill out" with a beer or something.

Love the patio, atmosphere, and overall feel of this bar; great place for day drinking!
I personally didn't try any of the food but the friends I was there with did and really enjoyed everything they ordered.
We will be back for sure!

Great pizza.
The live music is great.
Super packed on the weekend around brunch time.

People who hate cigarette smoke BEWARE!!!
Riley provided our group playing Jenga AMAZING service for how busy it was!
However, they consider the patio area to be "outside" so they let EVERYONE SMOKE.
I personally CANNOT stand cigarettes and it makes for a very hostile environment when every Scottsdale Doucher is just walking around blowing cigarette smoke into everyone's faces.
Never seen so many rude/obnoxious people who had ABSOLUTELY NO REGARD FOR WHERE there cigarette smoke went.
I personally will not be coming back until they    change their smoking policy.
I walked out of there smelling like I smoke two packs a day.
Please change this rule about letting everyone smoke on the patio.
They are the minority, not the majorly.
Disgusting!

Sitting at the bar... Service well below average.
Great food, good drinks, just not very fast considering we were sitting in front of the bartender.
Maybe just an off night....

Great atmosphere.
Great drinks.
Dj and dance music.
Defiantly recommend this place !!!
Take a golf cart for tips.
Way better than a taxi.
And cheaper !

Horrible experience.
After drinking for two hours at HiFi, we ordered the same exact round of drinks across the street at Bottled Blonde.
The round more than DOUBLED in cost.
Our $14 shots were $35.
The bartender called us liars when we brought it up.
He said "I work over at HiFi sometimes and we charge more than that" then he walked away from us.
We hunted down the manager, who was far more polite and he explained they had a formula for their pricing based on the bottle price (which was $70 at total wine).
So our two shots cost the same as a bottle.
The manager brought us a different shot to make up for the bartender's bad service.
Unfortunately, I will not go back.

Came in twice on saint patties day and no service twice trying to get drinks this place kinda sucks

Crazy thick with bros. Bros waiting in line, bros wearing sunglasses, bros eating things they ordered, bros talking to other bros about being bros. Place is straight BLOWING UP with ironic neon-frame sunglasses and v-neck tank tops.
One bro drank a Corona, maxed out his xp and leveled up to Brobarian right before my eyes.
Wait staff was all hot chicks, none super interested in serving a group of 40-ish dudes.
Can't say I blame them, but we bailed without even buying anything.
This was the Sunday before St. Paddy's so they probably didn't miss the business.
If you need a safe place to talk with your bros about that hag you nailed last night, this is it.
Bring your neon shades.

This place is really high energy and fun.
I enjoyed the atmosphere, however it does get super packed to the point where you can't dance/socialize without people walking through you or bumping into you.
It also takes around 15 minutes waiting in line to get in.

I love you BB!
I don't listen to the children cry all over the page.
You're perfectly fun and casual.
I feel I owe you rent for all the time I spend under your roof!

I wish Bottled Blonde had two different review pages--one for late nights and the other for daytime.
This review is for the latter.
Came here Friday around 5:30 for happy hour.
There was live music (a guy singing and playing acoustic guitar), basketball on the TV and good food!
Pizza was not the type of fare I expected here, but it was actually really well done.
Daytime atmosphere was great..and the bartenders were sweethearts!

Let me start by saying I'm a completely reasonable and rational person.
It takes a lot to make me upset.
I've worked as a server and a bartender in the past.
This behavior is ridiculous and uncalled for.
This was what happened:  It was about 8:30 on Saturday.
This was our first stop and the first drink I ordered.
We had NOT pre drank.
My buddy had purchased a round and the mixed drink he got was beyond weak for $8.
Then when I asked for a vodka sprite I watched the female bartender put barely a splash of vodka in my drink.
The amount was def less than the standard amount.
I politely asked her to add more vodka.
She accused me of being wasted and told me she was going to charge me $16 dollars for a double if I wanted more vodka added.
Her exact words were "maybe you can't taste the vodka because you are so drunk!
" I clearly wasn't drunk or even buzzed at ALL.
I kindly explained to her this was the first drink I ordered.
She didn't apologize and caused such a scene that a person standing standing next to me who wasn't even with our group even said something.
I couldn't believe she had that audacity to be so rude.
If I could do it over again I would have talked to a manager right at that moment.
It would have been different if I was drunk or was being rude, but I was being very sober, kind, and very reasonable.

Pizza place?
I'm from Chicago... fughetabaddit.. but to chill and grab a drink..
SOLID.. cool staff, cute bartendresses...
Surrounded by more great bars incase you get the urge to roll..

Sat down around 9:30 at a table in the back.
We hunt down a waitress after sitting by the bar for 15 mins.
We order 3 drinks, a pizza and a calamari.
She brings us our drinks after another 15 mins, granted they were busy.
After a few sips, the doouchebag army of bouncers comes 1 by 1 to each table telling everyone they have to get up because they are getting rid of the tables and chairs to make room for more people to be able to chill and drink.
Then they come to us and tell us to get up, i tell them we just ordered food, guy says fine u still gotta get up and we will place u at the next table.
The roided up doouchehoves a table in front of a giant 7 foot diamater fan that was blowing super hard.
I wish i took a picture to show, but it was ridiculous.
so we got up and refused to sit down 2 feet in front of this tornado.
So we get up, some random guy drops off the pizza and calamari at the table and we arent even sitting there.
Waitress comes by and we tell her this is BS we already tried cancelling the order, we were forced to get up.
Then she brings us our bill and it has the food on there.
What kind of service is this?
She brought us 2 free beers to make up for the rude treatment we got from the dbag army, not being able to eat our food....but she still expected us to pay for the food.
At that moment i got really mad and i said, no way we are paying for thus, left $15 for the 2 drinks and we left.
Horrible customer service, dont serve food somewhere with idiot bouncers if u cant treat customers with a little respect.

It's really hard to give this place any more than a 3 star rating... primarily because there is nothing unique about it.
Just like every other bar on this block,  the staff is a group of extremely young girls working the bar wearing almost nothing... combined with puffed-up dudes.
That being said, we've been there a few times now and the staff was helpful and nice.
That is one thing I they do better than some of the other bars... the bartenders don't think their "too cool" for their customers.
A few other things to note:   1.
They do have games to play if you feel like doing something besides standing around and drinking.
Decent music  3.
Their pizza looks really good... (Haven't tried it yet) 4.
Blonde Manhattan... very tasty!

The service is so horrible the bar tenders are ridiculous.
They are so rude and stated they don't care who comes here!
They said they are to good for Scottsdale!?!

Lets just say i am a very easy going & understanding person & it takes a lot to annoy me.
Probably one of the worst experiences I have had at a place like this.
I was visiting AZ last weekend, friends suggested I go here since its a new place in old town.
Got there around 8.30 and after 25 mins of looking for table we found one.
It took another 20 for someone to take our order (we ordered food & drinks).
As we waited for our food  the rude bouncers came and asked us to get up and move to the next table, we did, then a few minutes later, they told us they needed the chairs we were sitting on, and they took those as well.
At this point our table had been pushed completely In front of a hugeee fan, & we had no chairs.
While standing around like fools & telling the bouncer had food coming,the bouncer said he would get us chairs & turn the fan off- it never happened.
The next part is what ticked me off- the server brought our food and placed it right in front of the fan, allowing dirt & dust To be blown on it, not to mention the cheese on my pizza coagulated within seconds.
10 mins after the food was just laying around .
At this point I refused to eat the food & continued to finish my drink & asked for the bill to pay for my drinks.
This is quite funny, I get the bill and they had charged me for my the food as well.
Not one apology, not one 'let me see if I can find a table'.
The server was nice enough to bring us 2 free beers which I didn't even touch because I was soo annoyed.
But overall it was an unpleasant experience.

I can't speak to other's bad experiences here, but it was a happening spot for a Tuesday night.
The staff were nice and prompt and I liked the place.
Hopefully the management read the other reviews and plenty of people disagree.

Wouldn't come back here.
Really unprofessional staff.
Was treated rudely on several occasions by their waitresses.
Spoke to the manager about it and he brushed it off and kept going about his business as if I was pestering his busy schedule.
All in all there are plenty other bars I can go to in Old Town.
This one is not for me.

For food... Had the calamari, no good.
Tried the pizza, not great either.
Not optimistic about other dishes.
For nightlife, what can I say.
It's extremely fun but I think because it's new and in a fantastic location, and everyone gets tables there.
But I can't see it lasting too long, there's nothing special about it.
Feels like HiFi #2.

love this place.
was there last weekend visiting my friend...got so tanked.
supper hot girls and affordability priced drinks.
by far my favorite bar in scottsdale!

It is another Old Town bar with douchy bouncers at the door and scantily clad bar gals (not sure they deserve the title bartender because they are paid to look cute and be young, not be mixologists).
They don't really have that great of a beer selection, which I would expect from a place with the name Bottled Blonde.
The DJ has been quite fabulous the few times I have been here (nice remix of older songs mixed in with the hip and new).
I don't think I would ever eat here, unless I was inebriated and my taste buds were impaired.
But in comparison to other bars in the 'vortex of the Old Town Bermuda triangle' I recommend it.

Awful bouncers.
Rude.
Rude.
Rude.

Worst.
Service.
Ever.
Well, that's if NO service counts as service?Been here twice, and it was horrible both times.
This is coming from someone that works in the industry and is understanding of poor service at times... but NO service?
Maybe going to the bar would've been a better option because we couldn't get a server to a table if our lives depended on it.
I don't know if they're understaffed, or what the deal is.
We left and ate elsewhere.

We gave this place a shot on Friday night.
My roommate had really liked day drinking here, so why not?
We stand in line to get in.
The first 3 of us are good to go.
Then the "bouncer" refuses to let my boyfriend in.
Why?
Because he's wearing sneakers.
Roommate's boyfriend got in wearing sneakers, no problemo.
"Oh, but his have his jeans over his tongues.
"  "Ohhh-kay, I'll put my jeans over my tongues.
"  "No man, you can't do that.
"  What the heck?
Roommate returns at this point with a friend that works inside, who waves the bouncer off and lets my boyfriend in.
Roommate and boyfriend pick a spot at the bar, get their drinks.
I stand at the same exact spot and get told not once, but FOUR times by different staff that I need to move; first to the right, then back to the left, and repeat.
Apparently you are in the way of the super special flowers that are the staff no matter where you stand.
$15 plus tip for a bottle of Coors Light and a Long Island (made with bottom shelf, plastic bottle liquor).
No dance floor.
Constant "bottle service parades" of 5-6 people with strobe light wands got old real fast.
And then for the piece de resistance, we watched them  let in a bunch of guys wearing shorts, t-shirts and slip-on Toms type shoes..  We will not be back.

Ehhh.
Nothing too exciting here.
$15 for a well cocktail & bottle of bud light.
Very crowded on a Sunday afternoon so people must enjoy getting ripped off ?
It's a bar that I will not remember to come back to, nothing stuck out that made it different .
Also noticed bouncers being choosey on letting certain folk in.. On a Sunday afternoon?!
I didn't have any issues..
But I know  for a fact, the Mint group does this on purpose to keep a "image" ... Heard same owners as Mint ?
Not quite sure.
Nothing worse than a egoistic door guy- get real dudes!

Food is amazing.
getting someone to order from thats a different story I always come in when there is Live Music and every single time ive been there ive sat and waited and waited and waited and had no one greet me or ask if I needed anything mind you I am not drinking even water so I always walk myself to the bar and order my food and drinks there.
Seems like the people that work there ignore you when you're a single person which is sad considering I work in the industry and I have managed a restaurant before for 7 years prior to moving to AZ.
Their food is amazing just need to hire a completely different staff maybe one thaf appreciates their work and not how they look.

I came here on Memorial Day and it was packed.
Bottled Blond was bustling and seemed more like nightlife type of establishment rather than a pizza bar.
As for the bar, the service was not very attentive and the alcohol selection was standard.
I wasn't able to try any of the pizza but I heard from a local that it wasn't that great.
I don't really have anything spectacular to say about this place.
It was about as interesting as, the name suggests, a dumb blonde.

Been here a few times now and I probably don't complain about entertainment district bars because I'm going at the "old Man" times and avoiding the true DB's later at night.
Let's face it, even without the DB factor,( although for game 1 of the NBA finals, there were plenty, even though 90% were not watching the game), there is plenty to complain about regarding the food prices and portion sizes.
Well, these guys need to make money and if you choose to be a victim it's your choice and your tiny $10 salad.
The best thing to do is go at Happy Hour and get 1/2 price pizza which is what they are actually worth ($6).
OH yeah, beers average $5-7 and they have 24, so that should be enough for most people and the TV situation is pretty perfect for sports.
You go at night or Sunday afternoon and you know what you will get, but time it right and it can be a good time.



I went to Bottled blonde on a Saturday and I must say I was blown away with a great time!!
The music was on point the media on the TVs added to the over all atmosphere!!
I am excited to return to Arizona with my friends so they can get a taste of the Bottled Blonde!

Cool outdoor bar with a great atmosphere.
Live music at times as well.
Great place to spend a Friday evening.

Awsome burgers, and the staff is really friendly.
Managers moved our table because VIP wanted our table but the manager comped our next round of drinks.

I had a wonderful time at bottled blonde with my friends.
What really bothered me was after purchasing a table and spending a good amount of money, the bottle server had the audacity to come back and ask why we did not give her a 20% tip.
I have been in the service industry for ten years and would never have the nerve to do such a thing (believe me, I've wanted to many times).
We left her 17% and that was only because we were pouring most of the drinks ourselves.
I hope this is not a common thing at your establishment.

Good beer and atmosphere, hit or miss on the food, and terrible service.
I've been many times at night for drinking and that's the only thing it's good for after some bad experiences when trying to dine there.
First time I went on my lunch break on a Thursday and we got seated and ordered beers right away and then the server said she would be right back to take our food order.
About 20 minutes later she came by and said our food is just about to come out which was shocking because she didn't even take our order yet.
She apologized and said she forgot about us.
I had the chicken panini which was a great lunch choice except it took another 30 minutes to cook plus we had to track down our server to pay so I was late back to work.
My second dining experience I went on a Tuesday night because they were one of the only places still serving food besides pizzerias.
I ordered the Breakfast Burrito right once I sat down so the same thing wouldn't happen again.
My friend met up with me 15 minutes later and ordered the chicken panini which only took 20 minutes this time but it still came out before my food which I was waiting for 35 minutes at this point so I asked the server and she went to check on it.
She came back and said "the kitchen must have lost the ticket or something but it will be right out".
20 minutes later it finally came and it was the worst Breakfast Burrito that I have ever eaten in my life.
You would expect a $12 burrito would be pretty epic but everything about it was terrible.
First they used a Spinach Wrap which was thick and doesn't pair well for a Breakfast burrito because it tasted too much like veggies.
Second their "Italian sausage" tasted like ground up salami which was also nasty.
After an hour of waiting for a terrible expensive breakfast burrito and no management came by to check on us or apologize I have learned to never eat at this place again.

Okay...here's the deal with Bottled Blonde- this is like an awesome bar for your early 20's.
However for my halfway to thirty (okay fine, a little closer than halfway) self, I've just well...outgrown it.
I would prefer a more mellow place that's not as crowded and loud (god, I can't believe I just said that!).
BUT here's how I would party here going forward:  Rather than waiting until 10 or 11 at night, I suggest you roll in after work and grab some pizza, drink and stick around for when it starts getting clubby.
By then, you'll have a good buzz going.
I know what you're thinking, "Why the harsh two star rating when you've admitted that this place just wasn't your style?
" Here it goes: what really bugged me was that someone shoved my friend out of the way while we were there.
I turned around to see what bitch pulled that move and to my extreme horror saw that she was sporting the red hot shorts uniform.
IT WAS AN EMPLOYEE!!!
WHAT?
How rude is that?
I mean, I get it, my friend was D-RUNK and probably in her way but still.
I would have complained to a manager but seriously it takes a hundred years to flag down a bartender, I can only imagine how much longer it would be to find a manager.

When I came here solo the music isnt really my preference, but thats not really the fault of the bar and the people inside were a bit odd again that is not why I am giving it one star.
I am basing this review on the time when I came this bar and my friend was denied entry from the bouncer   I try to go back last night after bar hopping, the bouncers hold up the line for 25+ minutes and they see us in the line..and it's pretty full and the bouncer goes "yeah guys we're going to let some people in as they come out it's pretty full" and he sees whose in line and who isn't.
He can be active and see who going to deny entry right there.
The bottle girls are asking if anyone wants bottle service all up and down the line.
Once me and the guy i'm with make it to the front, the bouncer goes "I can't let you in with those camo shorts"  the person DIRECTLY in front of us, was wearing shorts and he let him, but he would not let him inside.
We mentioned that to the bouncer "that guy is wearing shorts" and he replies "oh well they aren't camo print.
" This bouncer seen us in line and told us 10 minutes before he going to let us in shortly and he made us wait longer to deny us entry!
This place is a bar not a club and yet they have an upscale invisible dress code that nobody knows exactly what it is and it changes with every person and race I guess.

