You have to check this place out!
It's absolutely gorgeous compared to other nail salons!
It's new, clean and sanitary.
They even have a mini fridge stocked with coke, diet coke & bottled water!
Service is 5 star: Jen is an excellent nail technician!
I followed her to her new place because she is the best at what she does!
Plus it's always fun to chit chat with her like we've known each other for years!
Richie gives an ahhmazing pedicure: He takes his time and when he massages your feet/legs, he incorporates pressure points!
They also offer waxing & lash services as well.
You truly get your money's worth here!
Check them out and you'll be glad you did!

I'm picky about my nails and I have been to a few nail salons since moving to Scottsdale 5 years ago.
I ADORE Jen.
She is a great nail technician, friendly, and personable.
I was THRILLED to find out that she and her husband have an entrepreneurial streak - and so they have opened up their own salon....and are picky about their business as well.
As a fellow entrepreneur, I am pleased to see her focus and attention to detail on pleasing the customer - making sure that everything was top-notch.
And Ricky makes a mean cuppa coffee as well!
I HIGHLY recommend Lavish Nails.
I'm not going anywhere else for my gel manicures and pedicures.
:-)

Just walking into this place you feel relaxed and happy; it's beautifully decorated.
I had the whole place to myself (because it's brand new and they're still trying to get the word out) and they made me feel like a princess.
It's owned by a married couple with years of nail experience.
Jen does the best nails and her husband Richie does an outstanding pedicure (strong hands for a great foot massage).
Nu does an incredible pedicure as well.
The massage chairs are so awesome, sitting in one almost put me to sleep.
A perfect place to treat yourself with outstanding customer service.
My official nail place!

If you want a great manicure or pedicure you need to try Lavish Nails.
Jen is one of the best nail technicians I have every had.
She has now opened her own business and the salon is beautiful.
You are treated as if you are their most important client and everyone is so professional.
I could not imagine going anywhere else.

I drive 45 minutes to get my nails done here.
I can't even explain how great Jen is!
She is always on time, gets my nails done in 45 minutes, and they look fabulous!!
Hard to find anyone in this state that does full Gel nails let alone well!
Want an amazing foot massage???!!!!
Richie is amazing!
Come get pampered here.
Best place in AZ

This is by far the best salon I have ever been to for complete and quality service.
The pedi, mani and brow arch were all fabulous and Beana gave me the best pedi I have ever had.
The salon is first class with all state of the art equipment and very upscale and immaculate.
I searched for months to find a spa that meets my high standards and Scottsdale Lavish Nails is the spot.
You will not be disappointed in any way.
I absolutely love this salon!

My friends and I are very picky about our gel manicures and our pedicures as well.
Jen always remembers what my likes are concerning colors of polish or the exact french I like.
She started her own business because she understands service and really wants to be sure you are happy.....now who does THAT in the nail business today?
Her polishing techniques are perfection!
You know if you ever got an all white polish and its clumpy at the cuticle or streaky.
Not Jens!
She will also demand quality from all the girls working for her.
Expect to be greeted by her charming husband and be asked what you care to drink.
Yes, spa like treatment.
Check it out but don't take MY appointment!

I've been using Jen for my gel nails for a couple years now!
I was so excited when she and her husband opened their own salon, not only is it beautiful but very right and clean!
She is so sweet and is a perfectionist at what she does, oh and her polka dots are insanely perfect!

Jen is amazing!
One of the best nail technicians I have ever met!
The shop is beautiful!!
The chairs are so comfortable!
I live in the west valley and drive all the way over here to get my nails done.
The pedicure is not rushed and they really take the time to do a good job!

So glad to have found this salon!
It's beautifully decorated and very clean.
I was politely and professionally greeted without an appointment and they were able to fit me in right away.
It was a relaxing environment and my pedi and gel-mani came out great!
I will definitely be going back.

I decided to try this place after reading they reviews.
One of the best manicures I've ever had!
Jen was so thorough and meticulous- my feet feel so pampered and soft!
And the salon is beautiful.
Definitely A five star place!

Very relaxing pedicure by Jen!
The reviews were all spot on!
I'm relocating and this will be my new nail salon.

Your search is OVER, look no further!!
This place is the BOMB.COM and beyond fabulous!
I was so pleased with my visit it made me excited to come home and write a review on the phenomenal job they did!
Which is rare as you can see my Yelp history there is no reviews hence why this place again is awesome I needed to write one.
Let me tell you I was "that girl" on a very hectic work conference call with my ear buds on yapping away coming in which was suppose to be a start to a great weekend with my best friend to enjoy mani and pedis.
I was so scattered brain stressed and just wanted to relax.
Richie was the brave soul to take me and sure enough 15 minutes into my pedicure I told myself "what conference call?
" I"m in heaven!
I just got the basic pedicure which I then realize I was an idiot and should have went balls to the wall with their elite baller status, platinum, highest degree of a pedi they offer!
Richie was so patient, thorough, friendly, understanding of the hot mess I was, and his hands need to be insured because ladies and gents his pedicures are magical.
Man do I wish my boyfriend had those mad massage skills!
Oh it gets better my phone was about to die and my new found friend Richie grabs a charger..... wait for it.... and extension cord to keep me going on my call!
Scout honor not lying!!
Finally after I got off my call I was so eager to sit and enjoy the rest of my pedi, upcoming mani and chat it up with my friend and Jen.
Now Jen, is seriously a blast!
I was so envious of her conversations, giggles, and recommendations on being fabulous with my friend (while I was on a call) but I knew my time would come.
Jen did my gel mani and I am over the moon so happy with it!
I can't stop looking at my nails!
They are be-you-tiful!
The best part about my mani was Jen!
She is so stellar, genuine, passionate, and has the best sense of humor!
I did not care what time it was or where I had to be just that casual good flowing conversations with Jen, Richie, and best friend equals perfect nail experience.
Lastly, you can tell SLN take's pride in their business.
Oh did I mention It's super clean!!!!
I am so picky with nail salons on their cleanliness and Jen and Richie runs a tight, immaculate ship!
After two hours later, we shared hugs, laughs and restaurant recommendations  I finally found that nail salon I've been searching high, low, yelp, google you name it!
Experience the difference of a nail salon you've been waiting for.
Please please check them out I will forever be a walking advertisement of this hidden gem!!
Thank you again Richie and Jen, Cortney and I will see you in two weeks and beyond.

Where do I begin about how wonderful Scottsdale Lavish Nails is?!
Simply put, I have never had an experience like this getting my nails done before.
The owners Jen and Richie are two of the sweetest, most genuine people I have come across in quite some time.
These two truly care about their customers and will go the extra mile and beyond to make you happy.
First of all, I went in thinking that I was only going to get a gel manicure-as this is all I had made an appointment for.
I had to cave in and get a pedicure after my friend who was sitting in the chair next to me kept raving about how great her massage was!
I could go on and on about the great parts of this place, but I will just highlight a few.
I love the way that my nails look...they are shaped the way I like, my cuticles look great, and the polish is shiny with a little sparkle.
Perfecto!!!
Jen gave me my gel manicure first.
She is wonderful and can do any design you want to throw at her ;).
One of the things that set this part over the top for me was the fact that she suggested I get my manicure while I sat in the massage pedicure chair so that I could be next to my friend, and we could continue chatting (oh and the smart massage chairs are super comfy btw).
She made sure I was relaxed the whole time, carried on wonderful conversation with me (she's hilarious), and made my gel mani look Baller!
My nails look so pretty and I caught myself glancing at them quite often today.
Next-the wonderful Richie Rich.
Richie gave me the most relaxing massage during my pedicure-seriously I was on Cloud 9.
I got the basic pedicure since I hadn't been planning on getting a pedi in the first place, and it was more wonderful than many deluxe options at other salons.
He took his time and made my nails look great again after the last place I had been to made them too short and the wrong shape.
I LOVE Scottsdale Lavish Nails and will be returning frequently to get my nails done again and again.
The steps of service are on point here...they will offer you a water or soda and even a little snack.
Also very clean and well-designed.
These two have a passion for their business, think of everyone who walks through their doors as friend walking into their home, and in genuinely desire to give you what you want.
Thanks Jen and Richie!!
See you in a few weeks :D.

Best nails I have had in a long time!
Thanks Jen!
The nail salon is clean and beautiful!
Jen and her husband are very professional!
My ever changing search is over.

This place is SO clean and relaxing, which are hard to find qualities for nail salons in the valley.
The service was professional and my nails and toes turned out perfect!
You also won't feel rushed or pressured while you are in there.
I am definitely going to stick to Lavish from now on.
Sorry for the short review, the rest of the views tell it all !

Best pedicure I have had in a long, long time!
Diane was wonderful and the entire staff was so welcoming and sweet to us.
They took their time and my nails turned out perfect.
I will definitely be coming back here!!
Thank you :)

The atmosphere is great.
The products that they use are high quality.
Everyone is very friendly.
Beana is a great nail artist and Richie gives the best massages!

I absolutely love this salon.
It is very clean and has a beautiful atmosphere.
I have referred many friends and family to come here.
Everyone who works there is so nice.
The owner Jen is lovely!
Very professional and will do anything to make clients happy!

I am from Orange County California and this is hands down the most beautiful and pleasant nail salon I have ever been to!
I hope this owner opens another location near me.
Everyone is so nice and they do a great job!
The chairs are amazing and so comfortable and the whole place is so clean!
I can't wait to visit AZ again and get me nails done!!!!
It's a MOST GO!!

My fiancé wanted to get her nails done before our engagement photos so I made an appointment for her at Lavish Nails based on the reviews.
I can say that the yelp community did not let us down.
They did a great job on my fiancés acrylics and I got a mani/pedi while I waited and it was a great experience all around especially for myself as a first timer to getting a mani/pedi.
We will be going back to Lavish Nails.

Love love love Lavish Nails!!
Jenn and Richie are the sweetest people!
I have been a client of Jenn's for nearly 5 years now.
I have referred dozens of friends and will continue to do so.
I'm very picky about my nails, but Lavish never disappoints!
I highly recommend this place!
The location is great, the salon is extremely clean and beautifully decorated and the staff is awesome!!

Best pedicure I have ever had, hands down.
She massaged my feet for 30 minutes!
I recommend this place over all surrounding places.
I used to go to Scottsdale Nails, but this place is much better!

Perfection!
I am a harsh critic of the numerous nail salons all over the valley..I have been to them all..this salon DOES your nails, not just re-polish and send you out as quick as they can.
A welcome addition to the North Scottsdale area.
You will not be disappointed!

Simply the best!
Ask for gel nails, a bit pricier but worth it.
Jenny knows what she's doing and doesn't slack on anything :)

Be forewarned - they charge a fortune!
I went in for a simple manicure/pedicure and the bill came to $100.
All for a nail bar!
Question whether they sterilize their equipment...
I could have gotten a better service at a top end spa.
Unbelievable rip off.
I will never be back.

If you're in the Scottsdale area for some R&R, you definitely have to check out Lavish Nails.
Owners - Richie & Jenn are amazing and will make you feel right at home...a shout out to Beana & Diane for the perfect paraffin treatment and pedi!

Loved this place!
I was visiting from out of town, and in need of a fill and Pedi, and wanted to treat myself while on vacation.
I wish this salon was back home!
Very friendly vibe, even though I was new, but I could see there was a great rapport with the regulars.

