I've been going to Matt Martin for years!
What he's capable of doing is nothing short of a miracle.
Both of my teenage daughters go to him as well - they love all of his suggestions and the results.
Love the new location too.
Highly recommend The Parlor!

This is this first time I went here and loved it.
Randie thanks for the awesome haircut!!!
I highly recommend Randie.
This place is a really cool and will definitely go back.

I travel to Vegas for business a lot, weeks at a time.
I'm very picky with my hair so I've tried all the "fancy" salons.
With much research I found the Parlor.
It's just a few minutes from the strip.
Totally worth it if you ask me.
Matt did my hair and he knew exactly what I wanted.
I'll be in Vegas again for 3 weeks next month and I can guarantee you that I will be making a visit to The Parlor and it's a given that I will be asking for Matt.

I can't say enough good things about this salon.
Matt Martin (owner and stylist) has been cutting my hair for 2 years now, and I've never had a bad cut, regardless of length.
When I moved to Vegas my sister recommended him, and I'm so glad she did.
He is not only skilled (his cuts grow out beautifully) but he's kind, professional, and gives the BEST head massages!
Very excited that he now has a salon of his own!
I can also vouch for Cole, he did a great job for me when I couldn't get in to see Matt.
Prices are extremely reasonable too!
You won't be disappointed!

There is no place else anywhere that I will go to get my hair cut.
Randie is awesome... Every single time I go she is right on the money with the cut.
The atmosphere is excellent and the owner is extremely friendly and welcoming...
It is a nice, new upscale salon and has extremely reasonable prices on top of it...
I can't say enough about my experiences here... Definitely top notch in all aspects...

Beautiful salon, very modern.
The owner and staff are amazing.
Randie hooked me up with beautiful blonde highlights.
She made me feel very comfortable right from the start.
I already booked my next appointment.
Thank you Randie and all the staff at The Parlor, you guys rock!

I cannot say enough wonderful things about this place!
From the moment you walk through the door, you get a perfect view of this modern & fun salon.
Great atmosphere, good music always playing, and a really cozy color bar to hang out at while your color is processing, complete with a big screen tv, magazines, and a staff that makes sure you are always comfortable.
All the stylists are extremely talented and I have gotten hair services from almost all of them, but Matt has been the "chosen one" for me :) Not only does he give the BEST scalp massage when washing hair, but he always seems to know exactly what I'm looking for in a cut.
He has perfect recommendations and I have gorgeous hair because of him!
My recent color with him was absolutely incredible--I wanted to go bold and vibrant.
Matt and Randie were true geniuses and I have never felt more beautiful!
I most recently visited Cole for a blowout, and I have to say I have never seen my hair look more bombshell with only the use of a round brush.
Bottom line--Everything about The Parlor is incredible.
Truly a top-notch salon without the stuffy, intimidating, uncomfortable  feeling.
Once you walk in, you feel like a rock star.

Today was my first visit to the Parlor and I  loved every moment!
I followed Cole from the Centennial Hills Salon and Spa and I am much happier going to The Parlor!
The atmosphere is very relaxed and I loved the decor and location!
Most of all I love my hairstylist!
Cole gives one hell of an A line cut and a wonderful shampoo & blow dry!!!
I couldn't be more pleased!
Thank you Cole!

Wow this place is gorgeous; reminded me of townsquare.
The inside looked amazing too, very modern and clean.
Staff was super nice; Randie (it's a woman actually) did my mom's hair and she did amazing.
She was really nice and pampered my mom who was super satisfied.
Give this beautiful salon a try, they're awesome.

My kids and I go to both Matt Martin and Randie Wegener .They are  outstanding stylists!!
Their attention to detail and their craftsmanship can not be duplicated.
From the moment you walk into The Parlor's sophisticated surroundings, until the time you walk out the door, you are treated with the utmost respect and courtesy.
I HIGHLY recommend this salon!
The Parlor is a much needed addition to  Las Vegas, and lucky for us in the North-West, it is right in our backyard!

I love the ambiance at the Parlor!!
Matt has done wonders for my hair and has taught me how to take care it!
I always get compliments on my color and hairstyle.
I've referred a number of people, and without a doubt they've been ecstatic about their results!

Matt is  an absolutely amazing stylist I would recommend his services at The Parlor to anyone.
Plus it's an amazing Salon.
Great Job Matt!!!

I have been going to Matt to get my hair done since I moved to Vegas 4 years ago and I cant imagine anyone else touching my hair!
Matt and his team hands down have the best salon in town.
You will get the best customer service, the most talented hair stylists, and an overall fabulous experience.
Cant wait to get my extensions soon!
I recommend this salon for everyone - all ages.
You will not be disappointed!

I went to American Male on North Rainbow for over 3 years and they always treated me well but it was always a bit overpriced.
Then this past February I've decided to give The Parlor a try from a coworker's suggestion and wow, they just blew AM out of the water.
The sheer quality of staff and skill is something to behold.
They paired me up with Johnny and I've never looked back since.
Amazing customer service and the willingness to educate about different looks and style.
Johnny is a beast with hair.
Highly recommended.
With both women and ESPECIALLY men.
You will be addicted =)

Matt is the epitome of what a hairdresser should be.
He creates , he styles, he cuts, he designs a look that totally compliments who you are.
The atmosphere at The Parlor is fun and welcoming., and as busy as they are they always find a way to work around my schedule.
I won't go anywhere else for my hair!

Went in for some product , Matt recommended Paul Mitchell Curl products...... LOVE !
My curls have never been better.

I went to The Parlor for the first time today and am so thankful I did!
Johnny cut and colored my hair and did a phenomenal job!
He really takes his time and gets to know your hair and what you want out of the appointment.
It was obvious from almost the second I sat down that he is very experienced and really knows what he is doing.
I felt totally at ease with him and will definitely be going back to see him soon!
I would recommend The Parlor (and Johnny specifically) to anyone!

This place is amazing.
My old stylist moved to LA and the new gal I tried just didn't understand how to work with curls.
When I called to book my appointment they listened to what I was looking for and scheduled me with a level 2 stylist, and asked me to come in early so he could have lots of time to work with my hair and understand what I wanted.
My stylist was Cole and he was just amazing.
He listened to what I wanted, understood how to work with my hair, and gave me tons and tons of layers.
This is easily the best haircut I have had since moving to Vegas 2 years ago.
I highly recommend him to people with curly hair.
Also as a bonus he gave me a free hand massage!

I recently moved to the NW part of town.
I first noticed The Parlor while eating across the street at a Mexican restaurant, so I decided to check them out on Yelp.
I'm glad I did!
I love this place!
Johnny is wonderful!
Best haircut I've had in the two years that I've been in Vegas!!
Prices are quite reasonable too!
My next appointment is already booked, that's how happy I am!

This place is wonderful.
First of all, the environment is awesome.
The building and decor is fabulous.
It's like a modern day beauty parlor with a cool vintage vibe.
It's super clean and beautiful.
The stylists are friendly, down-to-earth, and knowledgable.
People often compliment me on my hair color and ask where I get it done.
The Parlor!!
My stylist knows the perfect recipe for my hair- I like it almost platinum blonde but ashy.
Not yellowy.
The Parlor is definitely worth checking out.
You'll love it!

Matt Martin is hands down the ultimate master stylist.. His approach is transformative, creating a special look for each individual, unlike other stylists who specialize in a certain look.
His passion resonates in his talent..

Matt has not only blown me away with his amazing skills as a hair stylist for 4 years now but he has created the most awesome hair parlor in Las Vegas !
It's new, it's fresh, it rocks!
For the best and most consistent results go see the crew at "the Parlor".

I moved to Vegas nearly a year ago and kept putting off getting my hair cut because I didn't know where to go.
Finally I bit the bullet and gave this place a try.
I called on a day they were closed for a fundraiser, but they answered anyways and got me in with Randie for an evening appointment just a couple days later.
Randie was great!
She totally got me and what I was looking for, and did an awesome cut.
She's a perfectionist, which I appreciate in a stylist.
Prices are very reasonable and the ambiance is great.
I'm so glad I found this place on my first try!

Matt is the best!
I love this place and I've been following Matt around for years at his previous salons.
Now he's got his own digs and it's awesome!
The place is cute, great vibe, relaxing and Matt does beautiful cuts and amazing color.
Don't waste time and money w/a stylist you don't appreciate-come to the parlor-you won't be disappointed!

This salon is one of a kind!
I have been a client of Matt's for 5yrs and wouldn't dream of seeing another stylist.
Where he goes, I go!
This salon offers the ultimate experience of comfort, pampering and all around VIP treatment!
I see a "Best of Las Vegas" in their future!
:-)

This place is probably the greatest hair salon ever.
The stylists are very down to earth and the atmosphere is relaxing.
Better yet, they were able to get me in that day.
Cole did my hair and did a fabulous job.
I just moved from Portland and don't really trust people with my hair but he calmed all of my fears.
We discussed what I wanted for my color and my hair's history and he got started.
He was very quick and so polite.
He even massaged my hands while my highlights were in as an added bonus to make me feel pampered.
After he washed it out, he dried my hair, did my bangs, and then used the iron to curl my hair to match what I came in with.
I have never actually left a salon 100% with my hair in terms of my bangs or the flatness of my hair.
Cole made me feel like a rock star and I will definitely be telling my family and friends who did my hair.
Their prices are very reasonable (more so than other places in the area) and you will leave very happy!

First time in and they were great.
My 5 year old daughter also enjoyed her hair trim.

I can not stress how much I LOVE this place.
The people are so nice and friendly and Randie is absolutely amazing.
I have received highlights many times but have never been so impressed with my highlights until Randie.
She made me feel so comfortable, discussed with me what I wanted and even chatted with me while she worked her magic.
The decor of this place is very cool as well.
The outside is so cute and charming and the interior is equally as appealing with a very industrial urban style.
I can't wait for my next appointment which I already booked!

Another amazing experience at The Parlor!
As usual was pleasantly  greeted and asked if I needed anything.
Waited comfortably in the front "parlor", listened to incredible music.
After a couple of minutes Randie brought me to her chair where she listened attentively to what I wanted to do with my hair.
As it was a totally new look, from shoulder length bob to a short cut , she spent time go over some details ......  She did an incredible job with the cut and even styled it three different ways to show me some options.
Love the cut!
Love Randie!
I highly recommend her and The Parlor!

Cole did an amazing job!
Very skilled at round brushing and styling.
My hair was super jacked from a different salon and he has gotten it almost to where it will be to go platinum!
Very impressioned :)

I had a wonderful experience at The Parlor.
Cole did an exceptional job on my long locks.
The highlights are subtle and blended well.
He took his time getting to know my needs and wants concerning my hair style and executed his design perfectly.
I could not be happier.
I will most definitely be setting up another appointment in the future.

First time at the Parlor.
Nice, hip and comfortable.
Melissa has been cutting my hair for over 2 years.
I follow her wherever she goes.
I have long hair and am very particular about who touches it,  She is the only one and does an amazing job.
It comes out the way I want it each time.
She listens and takes her time.
Super nice!

Fantastic cut by Cole!
He was meticulous and really listened to what I wanted done as well as adding his own professional and stylish touches to make my hair look great.
I appreciate the time he took to really give me the cut I wanted.
He was also very friendly and easy to talk to.
Great experience, I will definitely be back!

I love this place!
I have been getting my hair done by Matt for three years now and I'll never go anywhere else.
My hair used to be a wreck, and Matt has taught me how to care for my hair and it's completely repaired now!
I recently got married the end of May, and Matt and Cole did the entire bridal party's hair.
(They came and met us to do our hair in our hotel room and were absolutely awesome... so make sure to ask them about any special events you have going on!
)  Matt went way above and beyond to make sure that I felt absolutely beautiful on my big day, and I will always be grateful for everything he did.
I've never gotten color done, but I have had extensions and a couple different cuts - always leaving beyond satisfied.
I tell everyone to go here!

Place was great!
The stylist Johnny did an awesome job without making me feel uncomfortable.
Usually salons are very uncomfortable for men, but the Parlor was a breath of fresh air.

I am so excited to have my hair done right now.
The parlor is so beautiful and inviting.
I love how organized the space is...the bathrooms are so clean and splendid.
Everyone here is very friendly and conversational.
No stuck up personalities or negative vibes going on here.
I love that the stylists are all different and have their own "uniqueness.
" I feel as though anyone from any background could come here and find the perfect stylist for them.
So thankful to have this place in my life

