First time come here, I got a coconut glaze donut.
It was fresh.
The texture of donut was soft, almost melting in my mouth.
There was a different taste into it that make me want to bite more until the last bite.
The glaze was light, not thick and super sweet.
I hope the same thing on the other donut when I try it.
This place just open and they have free donut and coffee on Friday, Jan 24th.
The location is between Baseline Rd and 24th St., near Cleaner Laundry and right behind of Rubio's).
It worth to try!

Donuts, iced coffee, and boba tea in South Phoenix...
Finally!
This place is easy to miss so look for the dry cleaners and nail shop facing 24th st just north of Baseline.
I'm still making my way through all of the options but so far I have not been disappointed.
I especially like the French vanilla iced coffee... Not sure exactly why it's so good but it's delicious and cheap...
Score!

Seriously the best donuts in town!
It's a Mom and Pop place, so you know it's good!

Wow!
What a little hidden gem!
Their donuts and smoothies are amazing!
I've been there 3 times over the last week at different times of the day and the donuts are always fresh!
The prices are great!
They have several flavors for the smoothies, so far my favorite is coconut/banana, delicious!
I'm so excited this is in our neighborhood!
The staff is also very nice and helpful.
Wonderful place!

This place has amazing donuts....I brought in donuts for a team meeting at work, everyone loved the donuts and asked me to bring them again for day 2 of the meeting...The staff there is great to work with I think they now know me by name which is a good thing...I will be back again to get more donuts...

After the decline and disappearance of Donuts on Central, south phoenix was in dire need of a great donut shop.
Our wishes have been answered and exceeded by the arrival of Best Donuts!
Super friendly staff, a clean, inviting store and fantastic donuts to boot!
We couldn't have asked for more!
Thank you Best Donuts!
Do yourself a favor and grab a box or two, take them to your co-workers then stand back and wait for the accolades.

This donut shop is absolutely wonderful!
I drive 10 miles out of my way just to get a dozen of the fresh treats here!
Huge variety!
Friendly people!
Worth every mile!
I'd much rather go here then to Dunkin...affordable but even if it were more than Dunkin I'd still buy them at Best Donuts!
Make the journey here and it won't disappoint!

My daughter and I stopped here for her birthday breakfast of strawberry and chocolate glazed donuts.
Yum!
We enjoyed talking with the owner.
The donuts are unbelievable- fluffy and flavorful!
I also got an iced coffee that was perfect-- not too sweet like others serve it--

