I had the Char-Broiled Italian Sausage which was really good.
Fries were very just fine.
The chili is really tasty.
The combo is super good.
Open and airy atmosphere, very enjoyable.
We will return for sure.

Joey's was clean and the staff was friendly.
I had the Italian beef sandwich with fries and a soda.
The total was about $10 for my meal and the quality of the beef was good.
I would definitely come back.
Oh, got to have the cheese sauce with the fries though :)

Food is awesome.
Customer service... not so much.
Went the first night to have the girl at the counter getting ready to get off.
She takes my order and then proceeds to clock out with people standing in line.
The relief person isn't ready to take over.. she just walks off to get her soda and then proceeds to yell across the joint to tell the guy she's leaving.
Went again tonight so the girls could compare it to Portillos.
Ordered 8 items.. made it home with 7.
Called to let them know... no one even said sorry once.
Nothing...
really?!?!
We're dying for good restaurants in this neck of the woods but this place will never last if they don't advertise (only found out about them by driving by and happening to see the back of the place) and improve their customer service.
I don't care how good your food is, I'll drive 30 miles to Scottsdale for customer service to get my Italian beef if it doesn't get better.
Way I look at it, I'm going to give it one more try.
Hopefully it'll be better and I'll get all my food.

I grew up in Chicago, eating hundreds, possibly thousands of Chicago style dogs, Italian beefs, Polish sausages...
This is the real deal.
Came here while visiting my Mom and will definitely be back.
The interior is very cool - big and open with tons of Chicago memorabilia and big screens to watch da Bears, Hawks, Bulls...   We both had the Chicago style dogs - they are made true to the Chicago style, with steamed poppy seed bun, that bright green relish, whole pickle wedge, solid tomatoes, peppers, celery salt.
Delicious.
Took an Italian beef (wet style) for the ride back to Cali.
Again, delicious - and had the right kind of roll - fresh, fluffy, high gluten rolls - the kind that soak up juice (not a French roll which is the wrong kind.
) Plenty of quality beef.
Got a side of giardiniera - there's is totally delicious.
I know what another reviewer meant about the front-counter girl - I think she no longer works there because the one working there seemed to be in training, which is fine, some other guy came out to help when the line started backing up.
The staff seemed great - friendly, stopped by to ask how it was.
What was interesting was how many people stopped by our table asking us what we thought.
We didn't know any of them, so my guess is they figured we were from Chicago from our conversation and our accents?
They agreed that the food was delicious.
Also, when da Bears win, the owner has some great deals - like 1/2 price dogs!
A buck fifty for a true Chicago style dog?
Yes!
(edit to 5 stars because I'm sitting here thinking I could really go for more - and want to try their Polish.

