Loved to visit this place in Las Vegas!
So excited they are in Henderson now too!!!
Love all of the candy I haven't seen since I was kid and I like trying the new and unusual too.
I could walk around all day just looking at all of the tin signs and funny gag gifts/toys.
They were so friendly and helpful.
A must visit for young and old!

WOW!
WOW!
WOW!
That was my first impression after coming in.
It's ironic that I have always wanted to go to Rocket Fizz but for some reason, always had something come up for me not to go.
So when I had the chance to go, I conveniently discover that they have a new location open up on Eastern Ave.
So instead of making my way over to the west side of town off of Sahara and Fort Apache, I make my way over to technically Henderson.
As an adult, I was literally a kid in a candy store.
Of course I just happen to bring my two boys with me ages 9 and 12.
It was awkward for me having to explain to them what Garbage Pail Kids were and some of the other candies from back in the day.
Im so glad that I am not a root beer or soda fanatic because if I was, I would go broke stocking up on all the different flavors they have there.
You have that and all the different taffy flavors as well.
After posting my pics, I didn't realize I had a bacon theme going on.
If there ever was a store called Bacon Fizz, I would be the Duke of that place forever.
So if you have a sweet tooth, are not diabetic, brush your teeth constantly, and have a great dental plan, then this is the place for you.
Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #36

Fantastic place to get hard to find sodas and candys!
My favorite is grape fruit soda!

For nostalgia buffs & anyone interested in hard to find sodas.
Bought birch beer, which if you haven't tried it I highly recommend it.
My family & I will be back again.
10 free pieces of salt water taffy on Sunday.

Sadly, this place just doesn't work in Vegas, the air is too dry here and it really seemed to have effected the quality of their taffy.
Went to the rocket fizz in san clemente last month and their taffy is so much softer and fresh tasting.
I'm guessing it's from the cool, moist air in southern california.

