Super knowledgeable and super friendly people!!!
Excellent selection of juice and very competitive prices!!!
Very patient with this noobie!!!
Thanks and will be back!

Very personable and friendly.
The man shook my hand introduced himself and asked for my name immediately.
He provided me with excellent customer service and was very patient while I tried all the juices.
They have a rewards card, for every ten dollars you spend you get a point and can redeem your points for free juices!!
I was very impressed with products and service, I will defiantly be back :))

Great flavors.
Prices are very good also.
The people are nice.
I like the Energy and Watermelon flavor.
Next time I want to buy the one that tastes like Cinnabon.

Couldn't be happier with this shop!
The customer service is absolutely amazing here, and the staff is extremely friendly.
prices are excellent and products are even better, I will never go to any other vape shop again.
These guys earned 100% of my buisiness, and I refer anyone I can.
These guys rock!!!
I highly recommend this shop to everyone.
Mountain dew flavor is my favorite, a must try!

I was very pleased with everything about this store.
It was a little hole in the wall place, so I was skeptical about going, but I'm SOOO glad I took the chance.
The gentlemen that worked here were so helpful and knowledgeable about all their products!
They were patient with me and friendly the entire time I was there!
I would definitely give this place a go, and I will definitely be returning!
Thank you for everything guys!

Very friendly service and a huge selection of flavors!
I recommend the Cactus Juice.
They have a specialist who knows heavily about mechanical units and how to wrap your own coils.
He's not an employee but he hangs out there and is willing to share his experience.

The best place to go for all of your vaping needs.
After my day of tank cracking hell.
5- CE4 tanks in 1 day, I knew it was time to upgrade to protank.
The moment I walked in, Carrie made me feel right at home.
Found 2 new tanks, Kanger Protank 3 Mini and a Areotank (you were so right!!!!!
) and a ton if new flavors I must have.
Moon Sugar + Expresso = Amazing.
Also try *Flesh* soooo yummy!
Sweet Lovin tastes almost to the T like my every day liquid, I just got to figure out the menthol part.
She will order any flavor and strength for you.
I plan on telling everyone about this place.

Awesome customer service.
Helped me find the right unit for me at a very competitive price with features I expected.

A very nice store with a good variety or products.
The staff my husband and I met were knowledgeable and helpful, we learned a lot as we're still relatively new to vaping.
I highly recommend this store to anyone either currently vaping or even who would like to quit smoking and/or looking for a healthier alternative.

