This place is HORRIBLE!!!
Checked in and tried to check out immediately, but ended up stuck in this rat trap for 2 whole days.
The casino and ground floor are newly remodeled which makes you think you're gonna have an enjoyable stay.
Once you get upstairs it's an entirely different story.
The walls and carpet are stained with who knows what throughout the entire place.
When you enter the rooms, OMG, the place is saturated in cigarette smoke (even though it's supposed to be a no smoking room) and in an attempt to air the place out the "secured" door to the balcony was wide open!
The bathroom wasn't any better and I don't have enought time or words to describe how horrendous it was.
I'll just leave you with one example, there was hair stuck to the walls of a supposedly "cleaned" shower (yuck!!!)!!!
As if this wasn't bad enough, when I was finally making my escape from this rat trap this morning I wasn't even able to take the elevator down.
I had to walk down 11 flights of stairs (that's right 11!
) with luggage!
Needless to say, I will never ever visit this motel (I refuse to dignify it in any way by calling it a hotel) ever again!
In all my years and trips to Las Vegas my stay at The Quad has managed to make #1 on my list of absolute worsts!!!
Note to parents: if you have small children please don't stay here.
I'm sure the medical bills for your babies will costs far more than you save by staying in this death trap!
Unfortunately, I can't even give this place 0 stars because Yelp won't let me.
I'll give em 1 star since they did have electricity and indoor toilets.

Don't let the nice new casino and great restaurants fool you into booking a room here.
Above the first floor it's still the same gross smelly run down hole it has been for years.

This hotel is located convinently in the middle of the strip which is my big plus.
Affordable prices was great as well.
The other hotel around us looked so much nicer.
And we didn't stay in our own hotel at all so maybe next time ill select one where I like the restaurant, pool included, and club!

So the room isn't updated...
So the elevators are old and decrepit...
But can't complain about the cost of the room or location!
The new Linq is right outside and the Juice bar (delicious drinks and big screens for FIFA).
Hash House was a hop-skip-and-a-jump away.
We really don't stay in our rooms when we come to Vegas so I can confidently say I'd come back...
If and only IF, we get the room upgrade.
It was worth the extra $40 bucks - TRUST me.
And check your luggage at the bell desk, unless you wanna lug your suitcase around.

