This place is small.
Great ambiance for a sushi place.
They had NBA on so that was awesome in my book.
It was not busy at all which made me wonder why some tables were left uncleaned.
I guess this place was once Xtreme Sushi since they still had super old menus with the old name.
We came here because I got super hungry after going to the park nearby and TSC was already closed.
They have AYCE and I kept going back and forth as to whether or not I should get AYCE.
All I really wanted was soft-shell crab and sashimi.
So, I skipped AYCE.
Soft-shell Crab: Huge pieces of crab tempura.
The dipping sauce was pretty good and citrusy.
4/5  Sashimi: I got 7pcs: tuna, hamachi and salmon.
The bigger orders of sashimi include octopus.
The quality of the fish was alright.
They were small and thinly sliced...with a dull knife.
The tuna had a weird fruity taste to it.
2/5  The service was so-so.
Overall, this place was marginal.
I wouldn't drive all the way out here just for this since I live on the opposite side of town.

I just moved to southern highlands and I love this local sushi restaurant!
I eat here at least twice a week and I am never disappointed.
The staff is super friendly and greet you immediately.
The chefs take great pride in there work and make delicious rolls.
The owner is always there and is very personable and outgoing..
He treats every customer like a personal friend and makes you feel at home.
New ownership has done wonders for this restaurant!
The ambience is great and the decor is fabulous!
I can't say enough positive things about this restaurant it is well worth taking a drive out to see!

Had the all you can eat under the new management and I must say the service was great and fish tasted fresh.
I'll be returning for sure!

Dined in with my husband and friends.
We enjoyed appetizers, soup, sushi rolls and deep fried Oreo.
Everything was tasty and high quality.
We especially enjoyed the mango sake

Had dinner with my husband, first time at Kazuki sushi... Had all you can eat.
Food was ok , I had better for the price.
Service was slow like they don't want you to eat too much.
So order everything you want at once otherwise you will be waiting awhile  in between orders or have more beer and you won't realize your still waiting.
Gave it a try and won't be going back.

Love this place.
One of the few sushi places I've been to that actually has good customer service.
I no longer have to sacrifice quality for service, because this place delivers both!

OMG this place is amazing.
I've had almost all the rolls and everyone is delicious.
Super fresh and everyone is so nice.
All you can eat is an amazing deal!

I love this place.
Now that they are under new management and have a new menu,  I'm excited.
I tried the Yoshi roll, which is my ultimate favorite, and I tried the Burn Your A$$ roll and that was also very good.
I wish the rolls came out a little quicker but all in all I love the rolls here and the staff.
Highly recommend to anyone who wants to try something delicious n different.

I've been coming here for a long time since before when it was Xtreme Sushi and through the new ownership change.
I must say that I love it the most now that the new owner(s) has/have taken over.
The food is a lot more consistent.
They've added some new artwork and chairs which made the atmosphere a whole lot nicer and tied everything together more with the decor.
Plus they got rid of the awful grimy menus that had seen better days and have added new rolls, my favorite being the Burn Your A** roll.
The Yoshi roll from the past is still on the menu so it looks like they've kept some of the more popular rolls.
I'm pretty sure that they will accommodate orders from the old menu in case there's something you miss from before.
It's a lot of the same people that work here so that's half the battle right there.
The employees are all great and personable.
It's very much like the tv show Cheers type atmosphere.
Once they get to know you, they will roll out the red carpet, including remembering your name and what you order to make you feel at home.
I'm just waiting on my little name plaque at the sushi bar where I always sit.
;)  It's the little things like this to consider when there are so many other options for AYCE sushi in Las Vegas.
They really care and appreciate your business here.
Therefore, I vote in favor of trying out this local gem.
PS: Why in the hell did someone upload a photo of their dog in their review of this place?
I love dogs like the next person but seriously?
WTF!

Loved it!
Very surprised it was as good as it was with the let down of xtreme.
Was very pleased with quality of food and atmosphere.
Will be returning soon

I eat here at least twice a week and I am never disappointed!
The food is delicious and fresh and the service is great.
The new owner is very outgoing and personable, and he makes you feel at home.
The place now has a new menu that is absolutely fabulous!
I can't say enough positive things about this  restaurant it is well worth taking a drive out to see.

Attempted to enjoy this restaurant twice when it was Extreme Sushi and was disappointed both times.
With the change in ownership and name I thought it was time to try again.
I had high hopes, but again they were not met.
The service was ok, but nothing exceptional.
The selection on the menu was good, but the actual food was disappointing.
The rolls were creative, but piece size and ingredient distribution were inconsistent.
The Sushi pieces were small and the rice didn't hold together.
Maybe I set my expectations too high, but I expect perfection when it comes to sushi and only one place has met that expectation... Kobe Sushi on the 215 and Rainbow.

This restaurant is an amazing neighborhood sushi bar!
The nigiri is extremely fresh and the chefs are quite knowledgeable.
Service is fantastic and attentive.
Highly recommended!

Very good Sushi place and awesome customer service but not happy about Sashimi not included in AYCE and no Mochi ice cream.

Decided to pamper myself to all you can eat sushi.
What a treat!!!!
Walked in at noon was seating by Don who was also my server.
Great service, amazing food, and the atmosphere was modern and clean.
Don remembered my name, made great recommendations and also helped me get the exact things that I wanted.
So friendly and great.
It was the perfect way to pamper myself.
I will defiantly bring people here and recommend it to friends and family.
Favorite: Happy Sanjay roll, Unagi, Octopus Poki, and the Green Tea and fried Oreo (absolutely amazing!

We come here often, for many reasons, but the service is at the top of the list (okay, and the veggie tempura rolls)!
The new menu is the right amount of simple and delicious.
The staff is always friendly, personable and prompt.
Just to give you an example of how great customer service is at Kazuki Sushi...My friend is vegan, so she passes on dessert while the rest of us enjoy our yummy green tea, red bean or vanilla ice cream.
Well, the staff has been known to pick up on her lifestyle diet and has brought out orange slices for dessert, without her having to ask for it!
You don't just come here to eat, you get an experience too!

Fun space - intimate, cute.
Good food and service.
I'll be back for lunch next time.
The owner and staff are a fun after hours crowd, too.
They're open late.

Today was my first time here since it changed ownership.
I was very impressed.
Service was great.
They pointed out that the all you can eat would be cheaper than the ala cart I already ordered saving me some money.
Highlights were the tempura shrimp and the Spicy Tuna Crazy Roll.
I will be back, frequently.

Not sure how this place got 4 1/2 stars.
Service was ok, not amazing as how other yelpers described.
Mind you I tried this place because of the reviews, bad idea.
I should've stuck with my regular sushi spot, even if it meant driving 20 minutes rather than the 5 minutes for this place.
Service: went in on a Friday afternoon, it wasn't busy yet.
I was sat immediately.
15 minutes later other customers started trickling in.
The server only came to my table a total of 5 times.
(I chose the all you can eat) I had to flag him down most of the time.
Food: sushi wasn't as fresh as I thought it would be.
And the fish was cut so small and so thin.
I literally could eat 30 pieces and still wouldn't be full.
(I'm 5'5, 138lbs just in case someone was thinking I was a fat ass.
)   There wasn't any hamachi collar or salmon collar.
The menu was actually very small.
Oh and no dessert as well on the AYCE menu, which was a complete bummer for me because I've such a sweet tooth.
So all I'm all, never coming back here.
Is rather spend my $26 somewhere where the menu and the quality of the sushi is better.
Btw (again) I so know what fresh and quality sushi tastes like.
Growing up from Hawaii fresh fish is everywhere.
:-) mahalos!

Good sushi spot overall.
Excellent miso soup and included in the ayce is some sashimi which is rare for ayce sushi spots.
The menu is small and simple but they do it well.
Nothing was really lacking for taste but it did not exactly wow me.
I would say its worth a try but I dont know if I will be going back.

I like this place but not impressed they closed at 9:58pm when their sign on the door says 10:30pm close.. That sucks

My brother and I stopped in here because we both wanted sushi and thought we'd give it a try.
It was amazing!
We had the AYCE at the sushi bar and we both agree that Chef Koong made our expeience perfect and the "G Spot" roll was the best we've ever had.
My brother is a sushi fanatic and he agreed.
If you go make sure that it's on a night where Chef Kong is there.
Can't wait to go back.

More and more restrictions and more and more things that are not in the menu anymore.

The was our 1st time here since they changed ownership.
The food used to be pretty good but this time We were extremely disappointed.
We will stick to Oyshi ayce.
Way better and are not stingy with the sushi.
The only good item was the ahi poki salad.
The sunshine was good but there was the thinnest and smallest slivers of salmon on top and the California roll under was so thin.
The calamari tempura appetizer was exactly 2 peices.
It wasn't your traditional rings and squid, it was to rectangular pieces that were very chewy.
Rainbow roll had the very small thin pieces of fish on top.
The yoshi roll was terrible.
I guess they torch it, it had black spots on top of the roll and it smelled bad and tasted even worse.
It had a burned plastic smell.
Eww.
The waiter however was extremely attentive and checked on us every few mins.
We went in for 2 lunch ayce and ended up spending $70 bucks on a meal that was terrible.
Just wishing we went anywhere else.

This place use to be one of the best sushi restaurants around... Not the case now since the ownership change.
The food portions have been cut down, no air conditioning  and the new owner has more rules then the government.
The only reason I'm giving this place one star is because of the delightful sushi chef Sung and the new female sushi chef.

So disappointing.
This used to be the BEST sushi place around... Until the new ownership recently.
Sushi was terrible... Small... And overpriced.
I got a box which had TINY portion sizes.
The soup bowl I got was half filled, the beef teriyaki was over cooked and terrible, the vegetable tempura consisted of 3 tiny pieces, and the salad was meh.
The new owner supposedly is cutting down on portion sizes, which is quite obvious, but she is not cutting down on price.
That, to me, is greedy and I don't think a good way to run a business.
Although the owner was "nice", a few of her comments rubbed me the wrong way and her lack of attentiveness was ridiculous.
(We asked for the check 3 times).
We spent $40 and left so dissatisfied.
Won't be going back anytime soon... Or at least until new ownership comes again...
Which probably won't be long if the service and food remain the same.
No way this place could stay in business.
Don't waste your time here....

I came here a lot when it was Xtreme, and came back once after it had the name change.
Nothing much has changed, which is a good thing in this case.
The Yoshi's Dynamite Roll, my favorite, still remains.
I would come back over and over just for that one roll.
The mussels are also a must have, as they are very yummy and spicy.
The hostess is as cute as a button and very nice and helpful.
Service is also good at the bar, I'm not sure about at the tables as I rarely sit there.
The quality of the sushi is one of the best, and it's close to my house making it optimal eats!
If you are in the area, it's a good bet if you are looking for good sushi pretty fast!

Excellent Sushi.
Fresh and friendly staff.
Good value for AYCE.
The bar is the place to eat.
Don't order the rolls, just have the skilled chefs make their favorites for you.
Awesome.

