Located on right hand side on the main level as you walk into the park.
If you blink you might miss it.
Went in today after lunch looking for something sweet!
These cupcakes are pretty amazing.
All are appropriately sized with a great burst of flavor.
I purchased the sampler which were 2 of every flavor.
And wasn't disappointed.
They also have a big boy store located in Tivoli Village on rampart and alta in Summerlin.

With a constant craving for something sweet I gave in to temptation after seeing Cupkates at the container park.
I went with my favorite the red velvet.
For two dollars a pieces the were a decent size.
Most places charge a bit more.
The cake itself was moist and had great flavors and the frosting was creamy and not very sweet.
These are worth eating if you are in the container park and have a craving like I did.

Delicious cupcakes!
Also got chocolate-covered strawberries that were pretty good as well.
However, just a few minor things that knocked a star off:  - Also got chocolate/caramel apples, and while being delicious, were definitely smaller than the described size over the phone.
They're not your typical large Granny Smith.
- The strawberries, while great, were very prone to the chocolate shell cracking, which can (as I understand it) be easily remedied with a slight modification to the chocolate recipe.
Other than those two things, definitely awesome, and for sure a recommend!

Really enjoyed my Cupcake.

This itty bitty shop is so cute, and hey have a selection of bakery-inspired gifts for sale as well as the cakes.
My cupcake was snickerdoodle, and my first complaint is the cakes are super small.
The full-sized $2 cupcake is barely larger than other bakeries' mini cupcakes, and their mini cakes are comparable in size to a Hostess mini muffin.
Delicious, but not worth the money at all.
Fiancee wolfed down his lemon and chocolate cakes in seconds, and said they were delicious but wished we'd gotten a couple more.
Also, all the cakes were stored in plastic retail boxes under the front sales counter.
It was somewhat off-putting to be served $6 worth of cupcakes out of plastic, with tongs, on a cheapo paper napkin.
I'm not impressed and will probably not return.

I like the location in the container park but the cupcakes did not do if for me.
I ordered the snickerdoodle and the red velvet cupcake.
They weren't terrible just nothing special.
The red velvet was better because the snickerdoodle tasted a little artificial.

Just ok.
Tiny cupcake and the texture is too soft, and scant amount of frosting for a regular size.

Delicious!
The cupcakes were so beautiful, soft, and tasty, like melted in our mouths!
Very impressed with customer service as well!
We will be back again and again!!
So happy :)

