We (unintentionally) came on the very first day!
My family lives near.
But it was great!
When it comes down to the food, it was delicious.
And service was nice.
There was a little bit of a weird smell when we walked in, but I forgot about it later.
Very European, sophisticated menu.
So I would definitely recommend to give it a try.
It's cool to see more privately-owned businesses in Vegas (haha, I think it's privately-owned, at least).
I know it was only the first day, but if they had umbrellas or romantic lamps outside I would have really liked to enjoy the weather on the patio.
But inside was nice, very European (sometimes there was background music, sometimes it was off...
I like having music to talk, but that's just me).
I had the classic burger, it was soo good mmm.
I had bites of the other dishes and they were delicious, it's just up to your personal taste on what to try.
But the burger.
Yumm.
Hopeful to see what happens w/this business.
Ohh and this cool grandpa (the chef!...
I assume) walked around in his chef wardrobe greeting people and being nice.
Good feel.

What a great addition to Green Valley.
This place surpasses Sammy pizza (which moved recently).
But better food and service and nearly the same price point.
Roger (the GM) has delivered a great addition to our locals market and cares tremendously to his teams customer service.
And their attention to the  health conscience clientele is very appreciated.

Pretty good overall.
Husbands meatloaf was very good, barbecue sauce was overpowering.
The veggies and mashed potatoes were excellent.
The chicken and mushroom crepe was ok, not great.
The side salad was beautiful.
The service was very attentive.
Nice addition to the neighborhood.

My wife and I saw this open today so we decided to try it for dinner.
Let's start by saying... We LOVE food, specially European and she is such a picky eater it's annoying sometimes but this place made her eyes shine!!
Service was fast and friendly.
The dude filled up my water every time that it went bellow half way.
I drink a lot of water so that made me happy.
Our waitress checked on us every other second no joke!
Even the manager came to ask how everything was.
The offered more bread when we got the escargot and kept bringing it to our table ( we are bread people!
) The staff is super friendly and helpful.
The food as amazing as it looks, it was food art!!
We had the escargot (to die for) tuna tartare (sauce came inside an egg!...
Freaking awesome!!!
) and the salmon with pesto mash potatoes!
Amazing!!!
Overall great effing restaurant!!!
Definitely coming back!!

We dropped by today for lunch.
My first impression upon walking in was that it felt very homey.
They've done a good job making the place feel friendly and comfortable.
We ordered the Escargot, Scottish Salmon Flat Bread and the Argentinian Pan Roasted Organic Chicken Chimichuri.
Chef Bernard's escargot comes with a super delicious creamy sauce.
You'll want to make sure you have enough bread to sop up all of the sauce with.
The salmon flat bread was really good, as was the chicken.
Stop wondering if you should try this place out.
If you like really good food, just go.
You won't regret it.

I would really give this place 4 1/2 Star!
Our dining experience was YUM, YUM, and YUM!
The atmosphere of the place is nice and clean.
Just a little over done with decor on the walls, but I guess something to look at.
The service was very friendly from the time you walk in to the time you leave.
We asked our server for suggestions  since there were so many menu choices.
The food was delish!
I tasted what everyone had and boy...Yummy!
From soup (onion soup & gazpacho), appetizer (farmed beers and goat cheese), entree (lamb chops, Brazilian chicken, c?
salad), and dessert (forest fruit tart).
Even the cappuccino!
You can't go wrong.
Reason I took off a 1/2 star was my friend ask for a cocktail, but they only serve beer and wine.
Also, when our entrees came out, only the hot entrees came out together and I had to wait another five to ten minutes for my salad entree to come out later.
Which I guess they wanted to make sure it's fresh?
Overall, the dining experience is definitely worth returning and trying everything else on the menu.
Did I also mention, it's reasonably PRICED!
This location is known to be jinxed.
I hope it stays!
We need a place like this in Henderson.

Finally!!!!!
After many, many failed restaurants at this location over the past decade, I truly feel that Bernard's is the perfect place for this location  to be successful!
Why do you ask, because the food was FANTASTIC!
The attention to detail you get here,  from any appetizer, to entree, to desert is an experience you would expect from paying hundreds of dollars at a fine French restaurant on LV Strip.
I swear, I was so happy with this quaint locals place that I know I will be back many, many times!
FYI it's the same fabulous owner and restaurant as Bernard's at the beautiful Lake Las Vegas!
Please go here.......they deserve to be open for a long time!

this place is everything it inspires to be.
let's break it down.
Atmosphere is clean, cozy and relaxing old school music.
decor is a little too much.
a lot of clutter but doesn't necessarily affect the experience.
food was really good and priced well.
tonight we ordered escargot, ribeye, lamb chops, tiramisu and tarte tatin.
This was my first time trying escargot and it was phenomenal!
I think that was my favorite dish.
Ribeye was a touch over cooked but it was still tender and tasty.
Lambchops were perfectly cooked and delish!
Tiramisu was fluffy and not to sweet.
Tarte tatin tasted a little sour.
I would've not eaten it if it wasn't for the gelato that came with it but our server and manager said it's the best seller.
Now let's talk service, everyone was friendly, smiling and it seem like everyone's enjoying themselves.
Whole staff was attentive even the manager(Roger) stopped by every table more than once.
My family really enjoyed this place and the hospitality is top notch.
Only reason Im giving 4 stars is because the ribeye was too well when asked for medium rare and tarte tatin was sour.
customer service A+++

A "Frank Sinatra, Nat King Cole" vibe.
Music of that era (which I enjoy because it reminds me very much of my dad).
Sophisticated, yet a comfortable, casual feel.
Great service!
Everyone, including the manager - Roger, was on their A game!
Professional & attentive!
Now let's talk food.. Fiancé started off with the escargot ..
Although I was not brave enough to try it he savored every single bite!
Main dishes were Ribeye Steak Au Fromage Roquefort for me & Herb Crusted Lamb Chops for him.
Both came with mashed potatoes and veggies.
My steak being cooked to a medium well/ALMOST well done is what stopped me from giving them 5 stars.
STILL a good, tender piece of steak!
The lamb chops were very tender and not at all gamy!
We ended the meal with Tiramisu and the popular Tarte Tartin.
Tiramisu was light and fluffy.
The Tarte Tartin was well... tart..
But a great comparison to a good non crusted apple pie with ice cream!
Good ambience, good food, great service!
Definitely recommended if you're in the mood for French!

Thoroughly enjoyed my meal here at Bernard's Bistro on Sunset!
And yes this new place is the second location for Chef Bernard owner/chef of the Lake Las Vegas location.
The cuisine is described as California European cuisine.
The marquee in front of the restaurant bills it as "Inspired Fresh Diet" That's what piqued my interest.
From what I get from reading the menu and getting to try some samples of some of the dishes, everything is prepared fresh and for those are calorie conscious, some dishes are prepared with lighter sauces and some Vegetarian dishes too.
For this visit  it was soup, salad and quiche for me!
The Classic Onion Soup was great!
It was overflowing of baked Gruyere Cheese and caramelized onions, and cheese in every spoonful of the tasty beef broth.
So good!
Next up my Bufala Mozzarella Caprese!
It's good, I really like that the balsamic vinaigrette wasn't acidic at all.
Real smooth.
Now the Quiche Florentine was something else!
Texture wise, the most smooth, silky quiche I have had.
A light but creamy cheese sauce topped it.
The dish was savory, light, yet fulfilling.
It also came with house salad and fresh fruit!!
My server forewarned me that I did order plenty of food, she was right!
Thing is I did managed to polish off the quiche dish in one sitting.
Woot go me!
....and like if that wasn't enough food...I was asking about other dishes on the menu and asked if they offer them on their lunch menu.
..Yes they do!!
A few minutes later my server came over with samples Caribbean Chicken Salad and the Chimichuri sauce for the Argentinean pan roasted chicken.
Both now on my list to order in the near future.
Especially the Caribbean Salad.
LOVE the Dill Mango Curry dressing.
The general manager came by and introduced himself.
Roger said that salad is popular and a favorite at Lake Las Vegas location.
and then dessert....I ordered the Creme Brulee which is made in house.
Fresh and simple vanilla custard.
Price wise...for me it was fair and in line with the surrounding restaurants in the area.
Put it this way I spent the same amount ($30) for a similar dinner the day before at Macaroni Grill.
I'd much rather come here.
Fresh and quality ingredients.
Dishes 100x tastier.
It's a no brainer.
Atmosphere is casual but classy.
The furnishings are a bit dated.
But they did a good job of refreshing up the place with wall art and white linen covered tables and booths.
In the evening your ambient lighting comes from the bright outdoor street lights.
And you cant go wrong with Frank Sinatra tunes playing in the background.
Service was impeccable.
Everyone was on their A game.
I found their staff to be warm and friendly.
Chef Bernard popped out to say a quick hello to some regular patrons.
What a welcome addition this place is to the neighborhood.
I see many lunches and dinners here in the future!

My husband and I tried this restaurant about 4 days after it opened.
In spite of a couple of minor hiccups which I attribute to newness I am giving this restaurant 5 stars.
The food was delicious, the service very good, and the menu was inventive.
Our waiter seemed new to the profession but was friendly and helpful.
Other staff though seemed to be very experienced.
I am fairly certain that will all even itself out.
The décor was a little frenetic between it's ode to music, movies, France, and a little Titanic but I understand they did themed dinners at the restaurant at Lake Las Vegas so they may have something similar planned for this location.
We started with the escargot which came in a traditional garlic butter with an addition of tomatoes and bacon.
Neither my husband or I had had it that way and it was delicious.
My husband got the shrimp salad sandwich which was beautiful and light.
I had the salmon in lavender sauce which quite honestly is some of the best salmon I have ever had.
It was very savory and the pesto mashed potatoes were a perfect compliment.
We finished up with crème brulee which had the added surprise of the custard being caramel.
My favorite desert with the addition of my favorite flavor.
Yum!
I am very much hoping that Bernard's will break the curse of this location because I hope to enjoy many meals there and Henderson, if not Las Vegas is sorely in need of restaurants with affordable French cuisine.

My sister and I stumbled on Bernard's  as we were trying to find the Ethel M's chocolate tour.
What a find!
At the time of our visit (1/29/14) they had only been open a week or so.
It wasn't very busy at all.
The food was fabulous.
I had a grilled chicken salad that had an asian flair to it.
The flavors were blended perfectly and I ate every bit!
My sister had the quiche and simply raved about it.
A true french quiche, creamy and fluffy!
We enjoyed a nice french sauvignon blanc with our meal.
My sister, who is staying in Vegas longer than we were, was able to show off her fluent french w/ the chef and make a date for her and her husband the following week when there will be sweet breads!

Came with my boyfriend for lunch and we were both surprised.
Fresh, sophisticated, yet casual.. We will definitely be coming back!

Everyone who lives in this area or has driven by it knows that this location is practically cursed.
Every restaurant that has gone there has failed, and having been to several of them, I am not surprised why.
I think this is the first place that has a real shot at being successful.
My boyfriend and I decided to try it since we live right down the street.
They were lacking in a few places having just opened.
The decor was all over the place, and they could use a few drapes and new upholstery on the furniture, but they clearly prioritized getting things right in all the right places.
Bottom line: Great service and great food.
I feel all their issues were mainly aesthetic.
We were immediately greeted by a friendly hostess who sat us at a booth, which made it feel like we were eating at real restaurant for the first time at that location (past establishments had failed at this minor detail from the get go).
A server came by and read us a few specials.
She was very friendly and patient, as I wanted to try everything on the menu and couldn't decide what to order.
I started out with their special for the day, the red sangria.
Delish!
Their menu listed open faced sandwiches, wraps, pastas, burgers, and entrées, all of which looked carefully crafted and unique to this restaurant.
I eventually decided on the Casablanca Bogart Burger, which was deliciously complimented with goat cheese, a spicy sauce I can't quite remember the name of, and ratatouille.
I would have taken a picture, but I dug into the burger so fast I'd forgotten to.
It was beautifully presented and looked so good I couldn't wait.
The boyfriend ordered just the club sandwich which was equally tasty.
We finished off with the creme brûlée for dessert... And from then I swore I'd be back!
I don't really even Yelp that often, but this place is definitely worth it.
It's only been a day but I have been telling all my friends and now I'm Yelping to try and keep this place alive.
See ya at Bernard's!

Thank you Chef Bernard for bringing a new location to Henderson!
I had seen the signs for about 3 months prior to the opening.
I was hoping and wishing that it was the same Bernard's Bistro that I have came to love in Lake Las Vegas.
Finally, they are open!
And indeed it is that good ol familiar taste I was looking for.
Located where 2 previous restaurants have failed, I have no doubt that won't be an issue this time around.
Chef Bernard has a French inspired menu, that also hits the spot with some solid comfort food dishes, seafood, and classic California style cuisine.
I used to work out at the lake, so I am lucky enough to have met the chef personally.
His passion is cooking, and presentation!
If Chef is in the kitchen, you will never worry about how the plate looks because it would never leave the pass looking less than perfect.
Proof: we ordered a shrimp cocktail appetizer solely on how good it looked while passing our table.
That is was!
With jumbo shrimp, a cocktail sauce with a hint of horseradish and a squeeze of lemon.
It hit the spot.
I also started with their Caesar salad with avocado.
Totally big enough to share, or order as a light entrée.
In the past I have ordered crepes, salmon, stuffed chicken, and more.
(All of that being at the Lake Las Vegas location I ventured for something new) The boyfriend went with beef casserole over spaghetti and I had cannelloni stuffed with braised beef and mushrooms.
Both dishes were excellent and I would order again in a heartbeat!
They maybe were a bit slow, as it felt like we waited a while between apps and the main course.
But honestly, I don't mind waiting for great food.
Also, they are less than a month old, the chef was back there working, and they could just be making sure everything was perfect.
Really not the reason for the loss of a star.
It might be silly, but the reason for 4 instead of 5: We complained about the lemonade, it was gross and watered down.
They apologized and offered something else, which we got (a sprite) however we were charged for both.
I did not point it out, a couple of bucks.
But it is the point of the mistake.
Everything else was superb.
The service, the atmosphere,  the manager making sure everyone was happy.
The food.
The prices.
I will most likely be returning, and soon!
I will make sure to bump up the 4 stars as well once I feel they have perfected all aspects.
Until then.

I gave Bernard's Bistro five stars because I live in the neighborhood and it is certainly excellent for Green Valley, however the real rating is closer to 4 1/2 stars.
We ordered the hamburger with caramelized onions and raisins, with their special sauce...very gourmet.
We also ordered the spaghetti casserole and the spaghetti pepperonata, both with very unique and savory flavors ($11.95).
Many other dishes on the menu seemed very interesting.
This place will not disappoint.

Very impressed.
After a few failed restaurants at this location, I'd bet this one is here to stay.
Their other location is in Lake Las Vegas.

Another Henderson gem in my part of town!
Without having the pleasure of experiencing the Lake Las Vegas location, this was a dining risk that paid off.
Let's start with the casually elegant dining area accented by a baby grand piano and ultra friendly greeting by hosts and staff.
Live music on Tuesday and other day.
Linen tableclothed seating outside gave us a reminder of the al fresco dining that will be especially enticing in the warmer weather.
Our server, Rose was quite attentive & friendly.
She is a credit to the fine dining industry and the art of upselling..but she is so adorable, we don't mind at all!
They recommended the sea bass (which is one of my favorites) but sadly, they were out the first time we came in so Rose recommended the Ahi with a side of shrimp scampi.
Sold.
The presentation of the ahi was beautiful and served with pesto mashed...it was a relief to me to not have the green mashed be wasabi.
The ahi itself could have been more seasoned on the crust.
The side of scampi was the best part and I came back and made a meal of just the scampi last night.
The sauce was amazing and paired with their fresh, hot bread made for an orgasmic experience not to be missed by anyone!
Bernard's scampi sauce has a body to it that is missing in a lot of other restaurants.
It's more than just melted butter with garlic and lemon.
They make it with love and attention.
I think after coming back to earth, the rest of my family had a pasta dish and a flatbread.
My wife on our first visit had the 3 cuts of filet mignon with 3 sauces.
Good, but she would have preferred the whole filet with one sauce for $5 less.
Last night, she ordered the arrabiata pasta that was bright and fresh.
The sauce was perfect with roasted peppers and just the right amount of heat.
The entertainment, though my wife and daughter (and the rest of the dining patrons from the cast of Cocoon) seemed to enjoy the Frank Sinatra impersonator,  was a bit too loud for my taste.
I know now to avoid Bernard's on Tuesday if I want a quiet dinner.
The service and graciousness of the staff along with the excellent food will make Bernard's our new regular spot.

Like many others, I drove by the 'Bernard's Opening Soon' sign for what seemed like months, and thought... Oh, another doomed restaurant, as so many before had come and gone.
But it finally opened!
Yay, a new place in the 'hood.
We have now had dinner there twice, and both times have enjoyed the food and service.
The staff is VERY welcoming and seem genuinely happy you are there.
Both times we have had excellent service, and they were more than helpful and accommodating with a food allergy request.
We have tried: Ahi appetizer - excellent, and the presentation was great.
It was the first time I have seen the dipping sauce in an egg shell - cool.
Bufala Mozzarella Caprese - unfortunately not made with buffalo mozzarella, but the group thought it was very good.
Fish and Chips - very light and tasty batter on the fish, great skinny onion rings, typical fries, and to mix it up, battered veggies.
The fry cook had a good read on most everything.
Chinois Chicken Salad -  Husband loved it.
Lots of different flavors, good dressing - not heavy, but enough of it.
Says he would order it again.
NY Steak - just ok, decent but probably would not order it again.
Chicken Milanese - again ok, but huge!
The side of spaghetti was excellent, made me wish I had just ordered a plate of pasta.
Dessert - cake; a chocolate piece of chocolate and more chocolate - they said it was delicious.
A frozen peach hollowed out and filled with sorbet, again going out of their way to cater to an allergy - it was awesome.
To top the night off, Chef Bernard came out and sang Happy Birthday to me!
Usually, I would have crawled under the table at this point, but he sang with his French accent and who can resist him?!
It was great!

So I read the reviews and checked out the amazing menu for this place  and I had to check it out, well my overall feeling Is that I might have gone at a bad time and in the wrong day.. We went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon , the hostess was very nice and our server also , we ordered the Caprese appetizer which was very good,  the problem came with our entrees , the Roast beef Thai salad had roast beef that seemed old and had no taste , my girlfriend ordered the mushroom chicken Crepes which I thought were very tasty but she pointed out were over cooked and hard on the ends (I ate them anyway).
All said it was just ok and we will give it another shot but maybe for dinner.. Also the music made me wanna curl up in my booth and go to sleep..

Was excited to learn that a quality restaurant was finally opening at this spot on Sunset Road that has been many different restaurants over the years.
Dined there  Saturday evening, March 8.
Nice to see that the place was busy with activity.
But as soon as I walked in there was an overpowering smell of ammonia.
I immediately said to myself that no matter how good the food was, I would never return.
Well I guess I got used to the disinfectant smell while dining on fantastic food and wine.
The margarita flat bread was outstanding (topped with fresh greens), and the steak au poive with pomme frites as close to what I've had in France.
Our waitress deserves to be in the running of best waitress of 2014 (if such an award exists).
There is an outdoor eating area and I am looking forward to returning there.
My only suggestion is that they make this area "warmer looking" as the façade of the restaurant itself is not attractive.
As Spring in Vegas arrives, an outdoor dining area will attract those who want to dine under the stars, and creating an inviting ambiance in which to do so would be most welcome!

My boyfriend and I were anxious to try Bernard's Bistro for months, hoping that it could be a nice addition to our restaurant rotation once it opened.
Unfortunately, even after giving it a second try, I can't imagine us coming back.
I'll critique our most recent visit based on three areas: service, food, and atmosphere.
Service: The service fluctuates between over the top and stilted to rude.
The manager and a server held both doors open for us when we arrived, which was a bit unusual given the casual atmosphere I expect from a neighborhood bistro.
But the manager was cordial and told us we could choose a booth by the window or the wall.
Mistakenly, we chose the booth by the wall.
Apparently we were sitting in the section of a waiter who had no interest in serving us.
After walking by us repeatedly and ignoring us for 10 minutes, he pulled another employee aside and whispered in his ear, pointing (pointing!
) at us as they both looked straight at me and my boyfriend.
It was incredibly uncomfortable.
After a wait of about 15 minutes, another server came to take our drink orders.
She wasn't necessarily impolite, but I think she had bigger fish to fry.
Perhaps she pulled the short straw and had to wait on us.
We barely saw her throughout the meal.
Although, I should mention that she did help me to modify my dish to my taste (wasabi mashed potatoes tend to be heavy on the wasabi most places), which I appreciated.The only genuinely friendly interaction we received was from the busser who would chat with us when dropping the bread, gathering plates, etc.
The night was a mix of "Welcome to our finest guests!
" and "Ugh, I have to go talk to these people again.
"   Food: We had the escargot appetizer to start, as well as the soup of the day, carrot ginger.
I had the seared ahi tuna entree and my boyfriend had the filet medallions.
The escargot was good, but the mushrooms and tomatoes in the sauce were raw.
We ordered the same dish the first time we visited Bernard's and it was better then.
This is a small issue though; we sopped up the sauce with the bread long after the last snail had been devoured!
The carrot ginger soup was also tasty.
I was worried it would be a bit thin, but it had a very nice consistency.
The entrees, however, were a mess.
My seared ahi tuna was so chewy that I couldn't finish my meal.
Honestly, I had to spit some out.
It was not my finest hour.
And my boyfriend's medallions were the consistency of a burger.
The real problem were the sauces.
The medallions come with a trio of sauces: peppercorn brandy, red wine, and citrus.
They are all the same brown gravy sauce with additions.
The citrus was the most offensive.
Imagine gravy with orange drink mixed in.
The plating and presentation seem outdated to me or like a plate you would be served from a catering service at a wedding reception.
For example, the dollop of mashed potatoes is put on the plate with one of those cake nozzles.
The sides are finickily arranged vegetables.
It's like, "Here, have one steamed asparagus stalk perched upon a single zucchini coin, which is set next to a curly-cued lemon rind and surrounded by a fan of pea pods.
"   Atmosphere: I think that this restaurant is suffering from a confused identity.
We happened to eat on "Titanic Night," which means that there is a special menu option (that we didn't take), they play the movie Titanic on flat screens around the restaurant, and there is a pianist.
It's a strange theme for a "California French" bistro.
You can tell that Bernard likes Titanic from the wall decorations.
Well, some of them.
Others are "French-y" things, like fleur-de-lis, while others are photographs of the meals.
It's like Shenanigans.
But despite the wall decor, which is fine because it's a bistro and needs to be casual, everything else is over the top.
For example, the servers and bussers are in fine-dining attire, like tux shirts.
Some customers were in shorts and flip flops; others were business casual.
It was hard to get a read on just where we were exactly.
I'm okay with a confused identity or average service.
If the food is good and a nice enough person delivers it, I don't care if you want to be a French Titanic bistro from California.
But the rude server who refused to acknowledge us and the bad entrees push this restaurant in the 1.5 star range for me.

Have gone to Bernard's at Lake Las Vegas for several years now and have absolutely loved it!
When my family was told that Bernard's Bistro was opening right up the street from our home we were ecstatic.
The food is wonderful, the service is excellent and it's always fun to see Bernard.
The Bistro or restaurant at Lake Las Vegas are a must!

The food was ok the most.
I had to wait for everything, even my check.
I am not coming back.

Spent a Saturday night dinner here and was pleasantly surprised.
Had the Caesar salad and the Ahi Tuna dinner and my wife had the Cannelloni and both were fantastic.
Nice wine selection, nothing super pricey but decent choices.
Finished with espresso and overall was a great experience.
Will definitely come back again!

Casual dining and excellent service.
Nice assorted menu.
A needed addition to the area.

Excellent food and environment !
Had the crepes and creme brûlée.
Was also entertained by the Sinatra wannabe.
Would highly recommend you try it!
Excellent service also!

We wanted a good meal in a quiet setting to have dinner with friends.
The restaurant is fairly small, quiet with a pleasant ambiance.
Our waiter came very shortly after we were seated to take our drink order.
After a somewhat longer than expected he returned to take our meal order.
If ahi tuna is on the menu in a nice restaurant, I try to order it.
For ahi tuna, to be really good, you need "sushi quality" meat.
When it is really good, it cuts with a fork and melts in your mouth.
The ahi that I was served needed to be cut with a knife and definitely did not melt in my mouth.
It came with a side of veggies.
The veggies were cold.
My wife ordered the rib eye steak.
It was a very generous portion and cooked the way she ordered it.
The steak was somewhat on the tough side but it had an excellent sauce.
Her veggies also were cold.
We had a creme brulee for the table.
It came with a huge side of whipped cream.
Overall, it was OK but not more than that.
I ordered coffee at the end of the meal but ended up sending it back because it was served cold.
And the service, while the waiter was quite pleasant, was so slow the meal took much longer than expected.
I walked in really wanting to like this restaurant but couldn't.
Sorry but I will not be going back to give it another chance.

What a gem this neighborhood restaurant is.
Definitely 5 star service from the moment you enter to the moment you leave.
The menu is amazing!
There is something for every palate.
I have visited several times so I could give a true, multiple visit review.
The appetizers, tuna tartar so fresh and the plating, exquisite .
Calamari, so tender and the sauces 2, both equally enticing.
Generous portions , personable, I'm getting so hungry just writing.
Entrees, generous, accommodating , delicious you will savor every bite.
They also have theme nights, Sinatra which features live talent is such amazing ambience.
I love Titanic night,  Chef Bernard prepares dishes from the original Titanic menu......so creative!
I absolutely love it here and will continue my weekly visits!

My boyfriend and I went here for the first time tonight after driving by and seeing a write up about it.
We absolutely adore it!
The food was unique and amazing, the service spot on (not overwhelming but perfectly attentive) and the ambience perfectly sweet.
It is definitely our new date spot!
We are picky customers and this one should not be missed.
Bernard also came out and said hello, that sweet touch made the experience even more genuine.

We have not celebrated two birthday lunches here, and both times we left satisfied.
The service and food were both great.
The Onion Soup is to die for!
We definitely will be back in the future.
(And not just for birthday celebrations).
Thanks again for making both lunches a hit!!
PS  If you call in advance, you can have the owner sing happy birthday to you in French!!!
Nice touch!

Very accomodating for my teenage son with Autism.
They made him pasta the only way he will eat it.
My vegetarian husband was very satisfied with his crepes - the side salad was unexciting.
My artichoke soup was delish, as was the "Titanic" chicken and shrimp dish.
The garnish was a little skimpy but good.
Our server, Danny, served me my cappuccino like a bit of a show - very fun!
We will be back.

Great food and plating.
Diners beware, they charge for grated cheese that you ask for to put over food.
Was not informed of this, charged $1.50 for a teeny bit of cheese, used less than half, waitress spilled the rest.
I will go back food was great

A delightful dining experience!
I had calamari and marguerite flatbread.
My wife had gazpacho and Caesar salad.
All were creatively presented.
The baguettes were a welcome accompaniment.
The decor is interesting.
The only thing that was missing was a full bar; only wine and beer are available.
All in all, a hearty recommendation.

This place is on the higher end of my usual price range, but since it was close to my house and new, I wanted to give it a shot.
I'm glad I did.
The dinner menu was surprisingly deep.
They certainly have something for everyone.
The portions and the presentation made the higher price point easily justified.
Combine that with the friendly staff and live entertainment, it was a wonderful experience.
This is one of those places where the waitstaff makes you feel like you're a part of the family.
I honestly will go back as much for the staff as I will for the food.
Definitely worth a visit.
NOTE- If you don't like cilantro, the meatloaf will not be for you.
It's an interesting recipe that is fairly heavy on cilantro both inside the loaf and as a garnish.

Service and food all excellent.
We have eaten in many high end restaurants all over Las Vegas, and this place is right up there.
Just happened upon it the other night, and what a treat.
We had escargot (ordered a second one was so good), calamari, whitefish (best entree), filet medallions, spaghetti and meatballs, and a crepe.
Everything was delicious, including the warm crusty bread.
Highly recommend.

I just moved in to Henderson and love the atmosphere on lake Las Vegas.
Tried to dine here and have the salmon, crepe and wine.
Food was great but the service was suck by kept us waiting forever and unfriendly manner.
Amazingly found out he was the manager named Hugo.
I have been in  restaurant business for 30 years and never seen a manager took table and worst case the service was not as equal his position.
What a shame.

Go here all the time.
Very glad they opened one up in GV.
The service never fails, and the lunch menu is on point.
Try any pasta dishes or seafood dishes they really excel!
the escargot is among the best I've had

What a quaint little bistro this is!
We made reservations to dine with some friends for dinner.
There was a nice ambiance in the dining area with a guitarist and singer that played light music during our visit.
The restaurant was very welcoming and cozy.
We started off with the Dungeness Crab Cake.
They were good!
Not over the top but still good.
This was served with mixed greens,  At the same time a bread basket was brought out for the table.
It was just ok.
It was kind of mushed and dry.
For my entree I chose the Pan seared white fish in which the waiter was raving about.
I  can see why...
Delicious and tasty!
The garlic white wine sauce smothered the fish.
The pesto mashed potatoes that accompanied were ok.
I wish there was more of a pesto flavor.
The service here is impeccable.
Our waiter was very attentive.
The other staff which helped with refills were very polite and accommodating.
Our entire group enjoyed the food and service.
I would recommend trying them out!
Thanks Bernards!

My husband and I have dined at Bernard's in Lake Las Vegas.
Wanting to try a different locale, we chose to dine at Bernard's Sunset Location.
The evening proved to be delightful.
The ambiance, the live entertainment, the hostess, Lyn; our server Rose, were exceptional.
Needless to say we thoroughly enjoyed our meals.
This is a place we shall frequent often.

Our family went there on Friday.
I was concerned that it would not be kid friendly but they had a great kids menu.
The service was amazing.
The food was even BETTER.
This is our new favorite place.

