I enjoy massage by Tom .
This place is huge.
they separate the  room too.
I love hard and strong massage.
I will come back soon.

Forget about those other foot massage places that "waste" your 1 hour treatment time by soaking your feet for half an hour.
This no frills, straight to business foot massage business is the real deal!
No "happy endings" here, unless it refers to satisfied customers with their full body therapeutic massages.
I actually dropped in on a whim, as I was feeling very uncomfortable with severe neck and shoulder cramps.
I did the quick Yelp search to see which massage places are still opened and picked one of the closest ones.
I parked at the massage place next door by accident, but am very glad I walked the last few feet to Good Season's Foot Spa (梅蘭竹菊足療) for their "ancient professional reflexology".
My therapist was Tom, and I learned that he has been doing this in California for 12 years.
He was definitely an old pro at helping customers feel better with his expert hands.
If all you are expecting is a good foot massage, Tom will probably be overkill.
If you walked in with sore shoulders and back, Tom is the one you should seek out.
I am so satisfied with my first experience that I made an appointment to go back in 12 hours.
Now if that is not a ringing endorsement, I don't know what else would qualified.
Note: $15/hour grand opening special applies before midnight, after that it is $20/hour.
Visa and MasterCard accepted, but American Express is not recognized ($1 per swipe surcharge).
Review #17 of 2014

Since I discovered massages in Chinatown last summer, I get one every time I come to Vegas.
This was my fourth one, but my first at Good Seasons, and it was AWESOME!
The best yet.
Alan was great.
Not too hard, not too soft, very relaxing.
I'm pretty ticklish, so I'm always squirming during a massage, but not this time.
The price was $15 for an hour.
I handed her $30 (well worth it) and she started to give me change back.
All the other places I've gone to EXPECT a large tip and get mad if they don't think your tip is large enough.
I'm here for a few days, and I will definitely go back before I head home.

This place was great.
Took my mom here Mother's day weekend and they treated our party well.
We were put in a separate room area with 4 chairs.
They were professional and catered to our wishes.
I like lighter pressure, and mom she loved the deep tissue massage.
My sister opted out of back portion of the massage and had lots of extra time on her feet & calves.
I would go back here.
My mom gave the lady $20 tip and she tried to give her change.
So I don't think they get tipped very well here, which I am surprised.

Don't let the lack of reviews deter you.
You still get a foot soak but the timer for the massage starts when that is done.
I got a full hour of glorious foot rubbing.
This is the best foot massage I've had in town so far!

This place is $20/foot n body massage.
Im from Oc California and I have to admit this is by far the best massage and inexpensive.
Next time im in vegas I will go here everyday.
Feels so good and they have the hot stone massage included for your feet.
Highly recvomend this place.

