The Apiary is tremendously charming, and delivers dishes of real quality.
I sampled a delicious soup and hearty venison stew.
Their wine list is really smart, too, with everything available by the glass.
All fans of Three Birds, which is owned and run by the same people, will love this place.
I look forward to our little Yelp outing there, in February :-)  Overall, we said: "The Apiary was hugely impressive.
The assurance with which Three Birds has established itself has transferred across directly, allowing this place to hit the ground running.
It feels like an integral part of the fabric of our richly-woven Edinburgh restaurant tapestry, already.
I'd strongly recommend a visit.

From the moment I walked through the entrance, I was... Entranced.
Punny but true.
Larger than I expected, and darker, more romantic, was this beehive around which there had been such buzz.
There was beautiful, unusual art on the far wall, and fairy lights twisted around the mantel above the warm electric fire.
Behind me, a vast blackboard proclaimed the day's specials in proud lettering, and the staff bid me a friendly hello as I pranced past, a spring already in my step.
So the setting was a joy.
The company, as with all Yelpy get togethers, equally so.
All that remained was to sample the food.
Well, you can see from the rating just how that turned out.
For a starter I tried the day's vegetarian special, the roasted mushrooms with garlic and melted taleggio.
I tell you, I would happily come back for that dish alone, but the free range chicken supreme with cream cheese, ham hock, bacon, and mustard and veal jus on smoky potatoes maintained the flavour explosion.
The final master stroke - a clementine and butterscotch mess presented like a knickerbocker glory topped with a glacé cherry - was fiendishly good.
When you add to all of this how close it is to the Queen's Hall, my favourite venue in Edinburgh, and the fact that they have a two-course deal if you're early enough to vacate by seven, and you have one place I am very, very likely to return to many times...

Fab gluten free options and great non-standard vegetarian options.
Being GF can be a challenge and having to do the whole asking thing and then it being clear that staff don't have a clue what you are talking about then makes the whole thing a bit awkward and full of trepidation in case they got it wrong and you suffer the consequences later.
Not here.
Most of the menu is naturally gluten free - no cheap wheat fillers here clearly!
Good quality ingredients and lots of choice.
I could have crispy stuff (normally off limits), I could have chips without fear of contamination.
The Apiary rocks and I'm heading back in a few days with a friend who missed out.
Beware though.
The whole menu is so damn tempting - from little bites, the starters, the mains and the desserts.
Portions are on the hearty side for mains so I was full to bursting after dinner here.
Crispy pigs ears were delish with aioli as were the whitebait starters.
I opted for one of the specials - guinea fowl wrapped in pancetta with duck confit and sage and shallot mash - it was lovely but even I was defeated in not being able to clear the plate.
Plus I had seen the dessert options and I wanted to test them out.
Dessert was a coconut sponge with lime and Malibu - it was delish.
I never did the whole Malibu thing as a teenager but all the flavours worked out so well.
Everyone appeared to love their food and there were lots of head nods and smiles as we chowed down.
So, I still think Newington rocks as an eating area and The Apiary is a great addition.
It is cosy without being cramped and there are some lovely touches - little booths with coat hooks on the side, gorgeous prints and décor and just a lovely warm, buzzy feeling.
So I'm heading back in a few days and I plan on taking my next lot of visitors here too :-)  Prices - bites around £2.50 (bread is cheaper and GF is available too), starters around £5 with mains around £10-17 and desserts around £6.
Wine - starts from £3.50 a glass with carafe options (£8) and a decent price range for bottles.

The Apiary is absolutely lovely, and it feels like you are stepping into a world of charm and decadence.
I first came two weeks ago with a group of eager Yelpers and I was, like Cressi, absolutely entranced by the place.
The decor is beautiful and the place is charming and elegant but also feels like it is romantic yet unpretentious.
When I first came I ordered a vegetarian for my main that was served over couscous.
Having traveled in Morocco two years ago, my expectations for an authentic tajine were quite high but I was a bit disappointed by it since it was underwhelming compared to my neighbours' 3Bees Bird and Beasts sharing platter - it was absolutely massive and astounding!
The quality of the meat was also superb (my manly friends were kind enough to share a bourbon glazed rib with me, which says a lot, but then again they were so stuffed with the massive platter that by the end they seemed a bit relieved to share with me although they didn't want to let on about that!).
On to dessert - I had the chocolate brioche bread pudding with chocolate ice cream and it was really tasty!
I ordered well that time round.
Tonight I came back with a friend and it was busy and bustling since it was the second day of their new menu and they were offering 50% off food in exchange for feedback - I was more than happy to help!
Caz and Claire had been yesterday for lunch and raved about it, and Caz even returned a second day in a row for lunch so they had tried many options and gave me many helpful suggestions.
The dinner menu was quite different from the one they had sent me photos of, but I also thought it had much better options.
I was torn and had to keep asking the friendly server for her recommendations, which were spot on.
I had the 3bee boudin noir salad with honey roast sweet potato, grapefruit soused tomato and roasted red onion.
The richness of the black pudding was complemented perfectly by the sweet and fruity other components of the salad, making it divine.
My friend had a vegetarian salad with lovely field mushrooms.
For our mains, my veggie companion had couscous and feta fritters which seemed quite innovative and she said they were delicious.
I had the coriander, chili, and lager braised lamb shoulder which was well done but succulent and cooked to perfection.
We also shared the fries that came in a little bag - they were tasty skinny fries that were along the lines of McDonalds' French fries (not a bad thing in this case) but much better.
They also came in a rustic paper bag.
For dessert my friend had the banana, honey and custard mess which she felt was much too sweet.
I had the rocky road with marshmallows, shortbread, Turkish delight and chocolate over peanut butter and strawberry jam ice cream.
I was a bit put off by the idea of PB&J ice cream (thinking that one or the other would be ok but not together in ice cream although they do work in the classic sandwich of my childhood!
) but the enthusiastic server convinced me easily to try it.
It was amazing!
It was really peanut butter ice cream with a few little swirls of jam, and the rocky road and shortbread was fantastic (although if truth be told the pieces could have been a tad smaller and more bite-sized).
All in all, it was a fabulous evening!
The ambiance was perfect and beautiful with the candles on the tables.
The staff were all helpful, friendly and enthusiastic.
The wine was fantastic.
Last but but least, the food was absolutely delicious!

I had lunch at Apiary two days in a row, even though it's across town from me, so that should tell you something.
Love the restaurant setting, it's lovely to sit in a booth by the window with the sun streaming in.
Tried quite a few things on the new spring menu, loved the boudin noir, I'm assured the lamb tostada is also fantastic.
The duck confit had a perfectly crunchy skin and beautifully cooked meat underneath, paired well with greens & buckwheat noodles and a star anise sauce.
The peanut butter & jam ice cream with the rocky road is a taste sensation and the mess is delicious for those with a sweet tooth.
A few other things still need a bit of tweaking but overall the menu is shaping up to be fantastic.
The evening menu looks great as well and I look forward to heading back and trying it out.
Service is very relaxed and friendly, although at times could have been slightly more attentive.

The Apiary seem to take the job of feeding me very seriously and I appreciate this greatly.
Brought to us by the same people as The Three Birds, the Apiary is bringing some foodie goodness to Newington.
Not an area beset with many great eateries they certainly stand out in the area.
On a coldish winters eve I was pleased to find myself in their warm and comforting surroundings, the wood finish around the place gives a very nice feel to the place.
Having been to the Three Birds I had high expectations for this meal and I wasn't left disappointed.
Having surveyed the menu I concluded having two rounds of starters was completely acceptable.
Starter 1 was crispy pigs ears.....yes that's right pigs ears.
the crispy, salty, porky delights were really tasty, served with the house aioli I was happy.
Starter 2 I went for white bait.
Fishy, salty....crispy and tasty....Happy JD.
For my main I went for one of the sharing boards with fellow carnivore Dave.M, this beat came with beef ribs, pork ribs and chicken wings, along side slaw, chips and the obligatory side salad.
Fair to say we destroyed it.....MEAT!!
All of it was delicious...it was fairly nutritious and all in all I was a very happy JD!!
This place comes Highly Jd Recommended!

After seeing a flurry of reviews pop up soon after The Apiary opened, I knew I had to get along and try it myself.
A sister restaurant of Three Birds, which I already am in foodie-love with, I had high hopes; and it didn't disappoint.
The space is literally the opposite of Three Birds.
Where Three Birds is teeny tiny and involves shuffling and bumping past fellow diners (in an amicable way), The Apiary is in a huge space - tall ceilings and plenty of booths around the outside with tables in the middle.
It seems a little like they inherited it as it was from previous owners and did little to refurb or make it their own.
And the space isn't intimate or 'date like'; I saw a few families dining here, so it seems like a space better suited to larger parties; or an old-hat date like I was on.
The food is seasonal, the menu will change with the seasons, and had lots of delightful things to choose from like pigs ears, the meat sharing platter, pigeon, squid stuffed with chorizo -- far too many for me to choose from!
I went for the porotobello mushrooms with manchego cheese to start, and the thai vegetarian curry for main.
Both were lovely.
It's a 4 star review for the food; and 4 stars in a sense that it's well cooked, local seasonal food at an affordable price, served with a smile.
It's very high quality local, seasonal food; but it's also not fine dining.
And this suits me just right.
The bananana custard eton mess type affair for dessert was delicious too.
It's a local neighbourdhood restaurant doing what it does very well.
Would be nice to see a slight update of the interior; but the staff are all smiles which makes a big difference too.

