Just had a humongous breakfast!
The service was excellent, only a few minor hiccups in the beginning.
They are still working out some kinks in the kitchen, but I have no doubt that place will be five stars in the near future.
I think I just found a new favorite breakfast hang out!

This is a new Hash House a GoGo location.
Formerly the San Paulo cafe (rio coffee shop)   We dined here in on a Friday a little past noon and we walked right in without a single person in line, it seems that it's such a new location that no one knows about it just yet.
It does have a separate line for 7 star, diamond and platinum total rewards card holders for the VIPs in case of long wait times.
We had the chicken and waffles, vanilla waffles and banana brown sugar pancakes.
All were delicious and met hash house a GoGo standards and the service was excellent.
For those who do not like to walk through casinos you can park in the back entering through Twain (making sure you don't turn into the employee parking).
The parking to use is in the back where the penn & teller theater, pavilion and convention parking is.
Also for Total rewards card members you get a $1 off most entrees and caesars entertainment employees get 25% off total bill.

Food was great and ridiculous size portions, just like at the Quad location.
Liked this location better as it seems quite a bit nicer and there is cell coverage there.
There was a 45 minute wait for a table at the HH in the Quad so we took a cab to the Rio where there was zero wait (been open less than a week).
Had a scramble this time, and while it was good, the Chicken Eggs Benedict is definitely still the favorite.
They did mess up one our meals, as they forgot to put the bacon in the Waffles (chicken and waffles), however, no one noticed until our server came over and pointed it put and asked if she wanted it remade or a side of bacon, which was cool.
The COO Jim was walking around (recognized from Man vs. Food) and talked to us for a bit.
We told him how we never go to vegas without hitting HH.
Nice to see the bigwigs leading from the front and making sure the new location is consistent with the brand's standards!

New location... Not too busy..YET.
Helps having a total rewards card to get you seated faster.
Service took forever and it didn't help that our waitress had a bad attitude at first.
Her name was Hana and she even have one of our peoples a dirty look.
I think she started to see that we weren't happy with her service, so she tried to be more attentive towards the end of our meal ---- too late lady.
Big portions, enough to share for sure.
Ordered the chicken and waffles which were enormous.
Enough for me to split into two meals and still share!
Even though we were overall dissatisfied with the service, I'd come back -- just hoping not to get Hana again.
3.5 stars for the food.
2 stars for the service.

Items Selected:  Mardi Gras Pancakes - Buttermilk Confetti Cake with mini-M&Ms, white chocolate chips, and dark chocolate chips  Crispy hand hammered pork tenderloin benedict with yellow tomato, spinach, bar b' que cream, 2 basted eggs, griddled mashed potatoes, and buttermilk biscuit  Lavazza Coffee  With my breakfast predilections ever skewed sweet over savory it came as a bit of a surprise that 'National Pancake Week' had gone unnoticed until I caught a news brief discussing the opening of the newest location of San Diego's Hash House a Go-Go at The Rio; a special offering 'Mardi Gras' pancake catching my eye and early opening hours plus a promise of televisions showing the USA vs. Russia game cementing my plans to visit after a long morning run.
Well designed and immense in size with clever interior flourishes complimenting the concept of "Twisted Farm Food" it was mere moments after the puck dropped on the third period that I arrived to the hostess stand and after a brief greeting I was handed off to a lovely lady named Peggy who would keep watchful eye over me throughout the overtime-extended visit - the nearly eighty minute stay ample time to enjoy approximately a whole pot of hot coffee and all that arrived on Hash House's enormous signature plates.
Deciding to go one sweet and one savory with a request to deliver the former followed by the latter it was with the special pancake that I arrived and truly the size of the hubcap it was exactly what I expected, fluffy and laced with buttermilk but exceedingly sweet; the equivalent of eating birthday cake for breakfast and exactly the sort of thing I'm willing to go out early for, though probably a dish best shared...particularly given what followed in a Benedict balancing a surfboard of crisp, lean pork with top quality vegetables and creamy mashed potatoes beneath lightly sweetened and tangy barbeque cream.
Perhaps not 'refined' and undoubtedly 'over the top,' yet a place with something for everyone given their dedication to ethical farming and product sourcing Hash House a Go-Go remains one of the rare mini-chains I'm happy to support and with newer locations even offering 'lite' options of simple eggs, toast, proteins, and salads its only a matter of time before I visit the downtown and Sahara locations...the best biscuits in the city just one more highlight on an already long list.

We did brunch here this morning, and while the amount of food we consumed is a little nauseating, the food itself was amazing!
We walked in at 12:30 pm and had no wait for the 4 of us.
We ordered 3 items: the Andy's fried chicken benedict, French Toast, and chorizo skillet.
It was PLENTY of food for 3 people.
The portions are massive.
The food was on point, and the service was great.
I was surprised they are so new--I would have expected more kinks to work out!

This was our second time here.
They use to be at the M Resort, but moved to Rio.
I am not sure if the relocation of the restaurant has caused the service to go down hill, but it was the worse.
Our waitress took our order in a rush, had someone else drop it off, and brought the bill right after.
Never checked to see how we were doing or anything.
I have no complaints towards the food, since it was delicious.
Last time I got Andy's safe fried chicken farm Benedict, and it amazing.
The fried chicken and Benedict had a great transition of flavors.
This time I got the the farm scrambler with hardwood smoked bacon, avocado.
Very delicious and exceptional.
The food is amazing, but the service sucks.
Gave it 4 stars because the food is so good.

We sat at the bar for quick service.
Coffee was excellent and we got to-go cups to boot.
I ordered a scramble and everything was great except the potatoes.
The potatoes were disappointing.
There was a gas leak which caused problems for most of the Rio's restaurants; so I'm not sure if this affected the potatoes, but the potatoes sucked.
I will definitely try them again.

Was in Vegas for a long weekend with my family.
Went here twice for breakfast.
One dish was AMAZING.
The rest were good.
Partner and I split the fried chicken benedict.
We were told the portions were huge, so we tried to listen.
That being said, there were six of us at the table, and we ordered three things and it was still more than enough.
Benedict was the best thing we had at either meal.
Bacon, eggs, and fried chicken on top of potatoes and biscuits, with spinach and tomatoes and grilled mozzarella, with a chipotle cream sauce.
Parents got the chicken and waffles, which was good, but sort of normal.
My uncle got something with  meatloaf, which he polished off without a complaint.
We went this morning before our flight back and again, we shared a plate.
Didn't leave quite as stuffed (chicken benedict was on Man VS Food), but still satisfied.
We got the corn beef hash, and I was impressed, especially since I am usually not a fan.
Biscuits are giant and delish, scrambled eggs were perfect.
My mom got a blueberry pecan pancake, which is about the size of 4-5 normal pancakes.
Partner got a cinnamon roll latte both mornings.
Their hot green tea is good too.
Service was also good, especially first day.
Steve was funny and attentive, even though he was busy.
Our meal was brought out by different people, and our waters were refilled by assistants, but that's usually how busy restaurants work.
This morning, they were again a little busy but our server and her assistant were still quick and prompt and nice.
Waited 5 minutes this morning to be sat, and about 10 the first morning.
We will be coming back, if only for the benedict.
Might try one of their lemonades too.

When you're spending $20 for a breakfast, you have rather high expectations.
Mine weren't met.
Yes, this is at a resort hotel, but $20 bucks for bacon and eggs and some fruit is rather steep, so it must be because the service and food are first rate....
They're not.
The service was good but normal, and somewhat rushed for a half-filled restaurant.
It was typical breakfast service, by a traditional breakfast hash-slinger.
The food was adequate, but not spectacular.
Eggs are eggs everywhere, so nothing special.
The bacon was spartan but really good.
The crispy potatoes were simply divine.
I also ordered an additional serving of fruit, and was expecting more than the small bowl of exactly 5 pieces of fresh fruit I got for $4.
For jam, they serve this chutney-like mango or apricot concoction.
Missed the actual fruit name.
It was flavorless and bad, and if you're looking for another flavor of jarred jam, you have to ask for it, and wait for it's arrival.
Toast now cold.
I ordered my toast's butter on the side, and it was practically frozen, and NEVER melted on the bread.
My biggest disappointed came when I ordered a side of a pancake, and was told I couldn't.
I had to choose from the full breakfast of pancakes.
The pancakes here are enormous, and only wanted an ala carte side pancake...BUT NO!!
My request was not going to be accommodated, in a restaurant fully capable of doing so.
What BS.
If a customer wants something....make it for them...
I ALREADY ORDERED A FULL BREAKFAST, AND JUST WANTED ONE PANCAKE ON THE SIDE.
It's truly dumb of a restaurant not to make this option available as an add-on with a full breakfast, thus losing a customer forever.
Dumb.
Dumb.
Dumb.
Hash House a Go Go is definitely a No No for me next time in Vegas.
The food and service are good, but that's all.
It's just breakfast food, and not spectacular, nor all that inventive either.
Can't see the price justification.
Don't waste your time, unless you enjoy being ripped off..

We were sadly disappointed that there is no children's menu.
We were going to order off the regular menu for him but the options for a picky 2 year old are 1 pancake for $11.99 or toast with only a wheat or rye option (SERIOUSLY?
No white or sourdough option?
) I'm annoyed now.

Hash house and Baci burger are best burgers in las vegas, trust Joe.
All my reviews are spot on.
It's like a gift.
I felt like Adam on man vs food going to town on this burger.
Avacado, cheddar.
Look out people.
I finished it but most people won't be able to, see pic below.
Beast Mode

If famous celebrities like Neil Patrick Harris (yay for Barney Stinson from How I Met Your Mother) and Penn&Teller have their autographs framed here, you know this place is as good as it gets.
We ordered their most popular dish, which was also starred on their menu: Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles.
I was never a fan of ever trying the chicken & waffle combination, but I was always curious on why it was so popular.
But now I know!
This dish is definitely enough to split between two people, as it comes with 4 waffles WITH BACON INSIDE and 2 fried chickens connected by a skewer.
Maple syrup also accompanies this food tower.
The salty bacon and sweet waffle complement each other so well that my friends and I couldn't stop smiling as we ate.
Before we knew it, we were super stuffed and my friend who typically doesn't waste food, had to give up a few bites of her waffle due to bloatedness.
That's when you know this restaurant has good quality and good portions.
Service was spectacular as well!
Definitely take time out of your vacation to grab a bite here because you won't regret it :)

Went for breakfast!
Food was horrible!
Service was equally as bad!
If you want dry mashed potatoes this is your place!
I asked for some gravy or something to make the potatoes edible and the waitress looked at me like I was an idiot and then charged me $4 for gravy!
Not to mention the guy that grabs you and takes your picture at the door and then interrupts your meal to try and sell you a copy for $20!

Went for breakfast!
Food was horrible!
Service was equally as bad!
If you want dry mashed potatoes this is your place!
I asked for some gravy or something to make the potatoes edible and the waitress looked at me like I was an idiot and then charged me $4 for gravy!
Not to mention the guy that grabs you and takes your picture at the door and then interrupts your meal to try and sell you a copy for $20!

Solid breakfast spot if you ask me.
Portions are huge, so if you don't have a big appetite, make sure you split with someone.
We opted for the fried chicken benny with a side of biscuits and gravy.
Way too much food for me alone, so I'm glad the bf and I split.
The Benny consisted of a bed of mashed potatoes, topped with a biscuit, tomatoes, spinach, fried chicken, poached eggs and topped with hollandaise.
The chicken was flavorful and the batter was crisp.The biscuits were moist and the gravy added a good richness.
My in laws ordered the eggs with sausage and the corn beef hash.
They enjoyed their meal as well.
FYI, coffee is $4.
So make sure you get your money's worth and get refills like I did.
I probably had about 5 cups.
I was wired, very full and happy.
P.S.
I think our waiter'a name is Peter.
He was patient and friendly.
Awesome job!

Legen......wait for it.... dary.....
Legendary!!!
Great food!!
Great prices!!
Pretty good service.
We went here twice during our stay in Vegas.
Stopping both times with a large party and was not disappointed either time.
Both times I had the HH Original Benny... omg so delish!!
If I can figure out how to attach a picture I will.
Portions are out of this world!!
The price??
12 bucks... whatever thats nothing!!
Just bring your appetite and you'll be just fine :)  Don't go to a great restaurant and order toast and then complain about the price or the selection.
Jump out of your comfort zone and try something amazing at this place!!
100% recommend and don't be deterred by the wait time.
It means the food is great!!
(PS don't get the cubed hash browns!!
You'll be disappointed since the other ones are like potato crack and you can't stop eating them!!

I usually love Hash House but if you have never tried it before I recommend going to the Hash House at The Quad!
It's is so hip and the atmosphere is unique.
I completely fell in love.
So I have to go every time I'm in Vegas.
When I found out that Rio opened one up I freaked!
I was so excited because we are always getting good room rates for Rio but it's off the strip so to have a Hash House there was amazing.. but it is not the same.. they lack that extra touch..
It was good but not Hash House good.
The place looked like the old café but with some HH decor and the staff.. (I'm so sorry staff) the staff were still the same old tired people from the café but with a new wardrobe with the same bitter attitude.
Definitely going to make the trip onto the strip next time.

Meh, it's alright, but not worth the price.
I ordered one of their signature burgers and it arrived over-cooked and dry.
I asked for medium rare and it was medium-well at best.
I don't know if cooking it properly would have helped, but I found it bland and dry.
The toppings were good though on the skimpy side.
A small warning...they put a couple of huge nasty pickle slices on it without warning.
Now if you like pickles, you're fine.
However if like me, you consider pickle juice to taste like the sewers in the seventh level of hell, you will want to ask them to skip it.
The juice tainted everything.
My wife had the waffle, which she said was simple but tasty enough.
Service was very friendly and she gave us lots of attention and refills.
As an amusing side note, the check had our bottle of Pellegrino spelled as "Periglino.

The food was delicious!!
The line might seem long, but they actually get people in pretty fast.
They lost our orders, but they compensated us by giving us the 25% locals discount so that was nice.
The portions are huge.
I got the waffle with bacon in it and it's actually four normal sized waffles with strips of bacon in it.
So yummy!
I would highly recommend going here!

This isn't my first Hash House rodeo.
I am spoiled by living near the San Diego location which ALWAYS has fantastic food.
The food is OK but not worth the HH pricing.
The server was too busy talking over us when we ordered.
I ordered the Farm Scramble with bacon avocado and cheddar (instead of swiss).
The avocado wasn't ripe and still hard.
I got swiss instead of my requested cheddar.
The crispy potatoes were over cooked.
He requested the BBBLT.
The bread was over toasted and came with more lettuce than bacon.
It should have been called the BBLLLLLT.
Needless to say, we won't be returning to this location.
Not worth the time or money.

Service was indifferent and food was a triumph of style over substance which included a sub par biscuit and fresh fruit served in the skillet with the hash.

I've already had one bad experience with Hash House.
The location in San Diego.
In LAS to watch a concert with my girl.
Stayed at the Rio.
Went to HH there in the hotel when I decided to give them another go.
I shouldn't have.
Food was disgustingly cold.
I had the meatloaf hash.
Correct me if I'm wrong but shouldn't certain dishes be hot when you get them?
Service?
Our waitress seemed like she'd seen one tourist too many.
Couldn't be bothered to check on us.
The rest of the wait staff we noticed didn't smile...at all.
When we asked another employee for extra napkins he just got them without a word and didn't acknowledge our thank you.
Only bright spot was the cashier.
She was bubbly and nice to chat with.
Other than that.
Don't bother with HH.
ANY location.

This place is amazing.
I went for brunch, the time I brunched at was around 130 pm, so we just walked right in.
The waitress warned us that the servings are HUGE and that two people can probably share.
She was right.
We were scoping out other people's food, not only were the portions ginormous, but it looked so incredibly DELICIOUS.
I ordered vanilla waffles, egg whites and the fried mash potatoes???
Everything was incredible.
I don't really like mashed potatoes but THESE were so good I finished it all except for 1 waffle (1 waffle is like 4 regular sized waffle).
It made me miss and crave breakfast so much that 2 days later I actually ordered breakfast for lunch.

Food was tasty.
Huge portions.
One entrée is good for 2-3 people.
Highly shareable plates.
"Snickers pancakes"did not deliver.

Totally killed the Andy Sage chicken plate.
If you have an appetite this is your place.
I would put this on your list for breakfast meals in Vegas.
I will be back and any dish here can put you into a food coma.
The food is good and portion sizes are super sized.
Enjoy.

How could a place named Hash House not be great?
Well, they managed it.
The MU ordered the Salmon Benedict.
The plate is HUGE, but the quality of the salmon was lacking.
Seems like they inundate the plate with high carbs dishes like biscuits and mashed potatoes to compensate for the paltry quantity of proteins.
The dish arrived cold.
Not great for something served with a sauce.
The MU did like the deep fried spaghetti strands served as garnish - an idea he plans to steal.
We arrived before the rush hit and only had to wait 10 minutes for a table.
The server was very attentive, except when we were ready to leave and couldn't find him to request our bill.
I hear that the Sandy Eggo location is better, but it's not on my bucket list of places that merit a do-over.

Service is beyond horrible.
Our group of four waited at least 5 minutes before anyone swung by to take a drink order.
After 10-15 minutes our waiter finally showed up (one of the 3 times we would actually see him).
If that wasn't bad enough, our food took over half an hour and when we got it, it was barely lukewarm!!!
The servers who brought us the food mentioned it was sitting in the kitchen for a while because there was no table number for it - a likely cause of why our food was cold.
We finally tracked down our waiter after 10 minutes but obviously weren't going to send the food back because it would have taken forever.
The waiter was nice enough to consult his manager and give us a discount on our meal but the damage was done.
It's hard to judge if the food is really that good here since everything we ate was pretty much cold.
The fried chicken had good flavor and was crispy but it would have tasted so much better hot.
My friends who got potatoes and eggs were not impressed and all of our biscuits were basically rock hard and dry.
Maybe in the fuutre I will try a different location but until then, Hash House A Go Go at the Rio - you have failed me!

I was pretty excited to fund out the Rio had a hash house a go go.
I've been to the one in San Diego was and was blown away by how amazing it was.
The portions were huge and the food tasted great.
This one however brings shame to the hash house name.
First off the ambiance of the restaurant is fine.
A standard restaurant located in a casino at the Rio.
The service here was also decent...no complaints there.
The food however was disappointing to say the least.
I ordered the corn beef hash which was moderately priced for Vegas food.
The plate came out with an unpleasant liquid along the bottom of it and it just got soaked into the potatoes.
The corn beef had as much flavor as a piece of cotton.
It was terrible.
By far the worst corn beef I've ever had.
The biscuits looked appetizing.
But again....WRONG...DRYEST BUSCUIT EVER and just not enjoyable at all.
I still love the one in SD.
But never coming back to this one.
For sure.

Came to the hash house on a recommendation from a local.
I got the bacon, avocado burger and it was good.
Not great, good.
My husband got the corned beef and it was pretty tastless, my son got the chicken and bacon waffle and the chicken had good flavor, I wasn't impressed with the waffle.
My mother in law had the apple cinnamon waffle and the slices of apple were impressive but there was no cinnamon taste.
The food was way over priced but that's what you get when you eat in touristy Vegas, The waitress seemed overwhelmed.
She spilled juice on my mother in law and then apologized and turned away, she wasn't on point and we ended up getting more help from the busboy.......

Underwhelmed.
That's really all I can say about Hash House a Go-Go at Rio.
Maybe we ordered the wrong thing?
Maybe we were there on an off day?
Or maybe it just doesn't live up to the hype?
Yes, the portions were very large.
But... the "crispy potatoes" weren't crispy.
Nor were they anything better than luke-warm.
Even the eggs were luke-warm.
The only good part about the meal was the coffee.
In my opinion, not worth the price, not worth the hype... food was on par with Denny's or IHOP.

We had chicken and waffles and The Basic.
Food was good, and fast.
Our server was very friendly and explained the menu well and even provided us with recommendations.
For the two meals, a screwdriver and a soda it was 47.00 overall not bad but a little high priced.

Big, Clean Restaurant

Had breakfast here during a recent stay at the Rio- all around good food, huge portions!
I ordered the HH original benedict, which was pretty good- but it kinda threw me off.
The description said something about a creamy pepper sauce on top.
When it was served to me it looked like spaghetti sauce (not exactly what I was expecting!).
Once I scraped off a majority of the sauce it was pretty good, but I would not order that benedict again.
If you are hungover or just want a big satisfying breakfast this is the best place to go in the Rio.

Bacon in my waffle?
YES, please!
We knew the portions were going to be generous... but DANG!
Service: 3 stars Ambience: 3 stars Food: 4 stars  Overall: 3 stars  I love breakfast food...
So, when I found this place in the hotel we were staying at, I was quite excited.
This isn't a place to go out of your way for, but when it's convenient, it's great.
We ordered family style, and ordered way too much.
The three of us shared:  Chicken and Waffles ---- Yummy (not mind-blowing, but yummy nonetheless) and ridiculous in proportion (check out other peoples' photos to verify) and quite unique.
Side Salad --- Not sure what the dressing was, but it was good.
Everything was fresh.
Healthy Breakfast, Egg White Omelette with Fruit --- Good, for healthy food.
My cousin also got a Bloody Mary.
She really liked it; I never fancied the taste of tomato juice, especially spicy tomato juice, but she said it was really good.
Service was OK.
Nothing bad, except she could've been quicker on the water refills.
I never hit bottom on my coffee because those refills came quickly, but the coffee was pretty much water to me.
(Not terrible, but not amazing coffee, either)  Overall, I'll probably come here again if I stay at the Rio, and try some other dishes.
Bring friends so you can share... or not :)

Love this place, the scenario of "twisted farm forod" sits well with me.
I've been there a few times, and they do breakfast very well, nice presentation and good flavor.
Stay away from the chicken and waffles...both the chicken and waffle are too dense, I find that many restaurants want to serve this dish, but not many can pull it off.
Pancakes on the other hand are delicious!

The service here is probably the worst of any restaurant I've been to, and it makes me miss the days when Hash House was at M. I've had friendlier service at Arby's (for real).
The food is so-so and comes in huge portions.
I always order the sage fried chicken plate with mashed potatoes, two eggs and a biscuit -- today, the eggs were runny, so much so that there was a yellow liquid pooling underneath that made the eggs look like they were sitting in soup.
The fried chicken was really dry and lukewarm on top of that, and the mashed potatoes had zero flavor.
Sometimes restaurants have off days with the food,  but there's never any excuse for poor service.
Our waiter (I think his name was Brian) was so busy legitimately giving my family a hard time for ordering basic breakfasts -- he says, why order a basic when you're at a restaurant with so many creative options -- that he screwed up my uncle's order and forgot to add the extra egg.
On top of that, all but one dish was brought out at the same time, so we were half finished by the time my aunt got her breakfast.
I got up to find our waiter, but he blew right past me so I asked the hostess if she could check on what was going on.
A few minutes later, we flagged him down and instead of apologizing, we get a lecture about how all the food is brought out fresh as it's finished -- that's cool, but it should have been better timed and he could have at least given us a heads up we'd be waiting an extra 15 mins after everyone else got served.
To boot, we had to snag a hostess to pour coffee for the table after we only got served one cup in the 45 minutes we'd been sitting there.
For people who thought this spot could replace the one at the M, it doesn't .
Try your luck elsewhere.
Quick tip: they don't have the 55+ menu at this location.

7:30am...had their HH signature burger!
both my compadres were served first...I finished before them...that's how good their burgers were...definitely would come back twice!

It was a good time.
Those boyz from Indiana sure know how to cook.
The twisted farm food menu is great.
The portions are enormous and the service is friendly, but a little pushy as to what they think you should order.
The waiter was trying to get us to be adventurous with Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon, mashed potatoes & biscuit which by the way was excellent.
The Stolichnaya spicy bloody mary is a hit, don't go for the take home sparkle glass unless you can drop it in in your room after eating.
My son had the Traditional Buttermilk 12" Flapjack w/ brown sugar & Banana.
Also, quite tasty.
I would rather miss three meals just so I can enjoy this type of good cook'in.
See you next time I'm in Vegas :))

Eh, I have reviewed the one on Sahara and have gone there twice.
This one, I do not know why, left a lot to be desired.
The staff is different, the food was not that good, and it definitely did not have the usual Hash House a Go-Go atmosphere.

Horrible.
Brought us the wrong food, didn't even bring our drinks that we ordered so we had them taken off the bill.
Plus the food wasn't even all that great.
They have a lot of unusual combination items that just don't work well together.

Not Calified.
If you are really hungry then go for it but don't expect to be compensated for bringing wheat instead of rye, over well means over-well, not runny.
It took three times and the same number of servers (communication?
Waiting on eggs to come back for over 5 minutes only to hear, no one told me from our waitress.
Ok, I'm done.
But no, there is more.
Wait for it... no really wait for it because we had to ask for our soda refill as it was simply forgotten.
She said it was a bad day (maybe only for her, it happens) but when we got our bill, no apology and no "come back on a better day" discount.
Keep in mind, that a glass of milk cost more than a gallon ($4.25).

WHEW Sweet Baby Jesus!!
The food here was amazing!!
I wont lie after eating at the one in The Plaza I was a little turned off by their food.
However after some convincing I am glad I made this trip!
I got the Andy's Fried Chicken Benedict...
MOUTH WATERING!!
The mashed potatoes were amazing, The biscuits soft, the chicken juicy and crispy!!
Just amazing!

I had the number 3 scramble with crispy potatoes.
It was one of the best breakfast meals that I have ever had.
Amazing!
Service was great.
I actually came back twice for the same meal already!
Love it !

Since my hubs and BIL grew up on a farm, this restaurant was a perfect place to take them.
When we glanced at the menu, we noticed that most of their pancakes stated certain types, as only being given one pancake.
When my BIL ordered the snickers pancake, we understood exactly why.
The pancake was ginormous!
It overtook the whole plate and I would have to guesstimate that they added 5-6 half size snicker bars.
He also got a side of whipped cream, which we accidentally mistook for the butter.
I would've been in food coma if I took more than two bites, but thankfully my BIL is still young enough, to the point where he can eat anything and it not affect his weight.
My hubs and I split an order of chicken and waffles.
The chicken itself was pretty good.
Not the best I've had, but the waffles were unique, since it was stuffed with a whole slice of bacon.
The waffle tasted more bread like to me, so I wasn't a fan of that, but my hubs seemed to like it.
It was pretty big and enough for both of us to split.
The syrup they gave us was not enough, so other than those few things, I would rate this place three stars.
Our waiter wasn't very attentive and forgot about our drink orders, but did take them off the bill for us, so that was a plus.

I love this place!!!
My chicken and waffle was huge and delicious.There were no waiting line.
The service was a little slow but nothing to worry about.
i'll be back soon..

Enjoyed our meal.
We had the Kokomo, a meatloaf sandwich w a crispy baked mozzarella cover, tasted like a meatloaf parmigiana.
What stood out for us was the excellent service from our server, Laura from Kentucky.
She was very professional and experienced.
She provided things to us without us asking, for instance an extra plate.
I always ask for suggestions when I'm at a new place and she was so helpful.
Hubz ordered a beer and didn't like it.
She offered to substitute it with something else, but he declined.
Love when we get great service!

The burgers are perfectly season that you don't need the condiments.
Which is very rare to find.
They just need to work on service.

We walk past here almost everyday on the way to play poker and it seems strange that it would only be open until 3pm considering the amount of people currently at this location.
Finally we got to try it on a day off!
The portion sizes are huge, I guess for the price of the meals they should be.
I ordered the Andy's special which was melted cheese with scrambled egg, fried chicken, bacon spinach, tomato, biscuit on griddled potato mash thing and chipotle cream on the side.
Oh and a wedge of watermelon and a strawberry.
When It arrived at the table I thought they had brought the wrong thing over it was that huge.
I attempted to dismantle it so I could start eating it but it was piled up so high the fried chicken fell off the top and knocked my full large glass of orange juice over onto my meal.
I think the orange juice actually helped the potato thing because that was pretty dry.
I still managed to get through most of it (except the biscuit and potato..trying to watch my waistline hahaha).
It was all just ok. Not overly tasty not overly anything.. Just big and edible...
The service was good as well.
The lady replaced my OJ.
Everyone else's meals were pretty much the same..
Nothing wrong with it just nothing fabulous..
Yet to find a decent breakfast place in Vegas!!!
Would I come back here?
Only if I was desperate..

The Basic was pretty good.
I really liked the griddled mash potatoes which came w/ the eggs.
The eggs were a bit runny however the waiter brought me another order which were delicious.
I will definitely go back when I'm in Vegas.
The Basic and a small orange juice cost $17.01 w/o tip which is pretty good for Vegas food prices.

Large portions and delicious food!
We got three dishes and split it amongst seven people.
I'm not usually a big fan of chicken and waffles but this one was a hit.
They also had really good corned beef hash with potatoes and a biscuit.

Food was fantastic and portions were huge.
The rest of the experience was not so memorable.
Our waiter obviously did not feel that we were worth the trouble of treating us like all of his other tables around us.
He never smiled or  offered us any suggestions when asked.
He wandered around the floor talking to his other parties and came back to us after waiting 10 mins.
This was after asking his assistance to get his attention.
He took our order without a word and we did not see him until we complained to the manager about our experience.
The manager was great and listened to us, making no excuses for the shaved head waiter from New York who should be working elsewhere.
The food Fantastic!
The service.......go somewhere else where they treat locals like family.

Came here for breakfast this morning and expected a medium portion sized meal and ended up with a giant ass meal!
You definitely get a lot for your money and it's so good.
Our waiter was very laid back and funny.
It's somewhat like a modern ranch diner type vibe so nothing fancy.
All in all it was delish (:   PS.
check out the photos of my fam's food I inserted from this place!

I hate wasting food!
I wish they would make 1/2 orders available.
I had the salmon Benedict and there were too many components that didn't work together.
I wish the old Cafe was still at the Rio, they served the BEST benedicts.

Found this location on Yelp and we decided to come here instead of the other location because of reading all the reviews of how long the wait is at the other location.
Luckily we didn't have to wait at all at this location and we had a pretty big group too.
Everyone pretty much ordered the same things.
I shared with 2 of my friends.
We ordered the chicken and waffles and the smoked salmon scramble and also a side of sweet potato fries.
The waffles had bacon in it...and it was suprisingly amazing.
I also tried a bit of my friends fried chicken benedict and it was also amazing...I don't know if the food was just tasted good because I wasn't entirely sober or if it was just that amazing.
Our server kind of also convinced all of us to get mimosas.
Too bad they don't offer bottomless mimosas....I'm taking a star off because the mimosa was actually really horrible.
It was probably the worst mimosa I've ever had.
Not sure if I'll be coming back again, but if I do, I'll probably be back more sober.

