DO NOT RENT FROM THEM!!!
Like a comment above, the reduced rate is not worth the horrible service.
We were in town for a memorial for my father who dies in January.
We had 7 people and HAD to have a van that fit two car seats and lots of luggage, so naturally I reserved a van three weeks prior to our arrival.
When we came to the desk to retrieve our car we were told there were NONE available.
The attendant did make the effort to try to find a car from other rental companies that they share with.
An hour later he found a Yukon with 8 seats, but barely any luggage room.
He said we could have it for $20 more per day.
WHAT????
You charge me more for a car we barely fit in because you were supposed to have available for me to rent.
Two hours later, after speaking back and forth with the manager, whom wouldn't even have the courage to speak to us directly, we end up paying an additional $70 for the four days rental.
We squashed in the car and left.
We return the car today.
Hopefully we won't be hassled when we check it in.

Had a wonderful experience with FireFly.
I booked payless but that was a joke.
Walked around and talked to the nice guy over at FireFly he got me in a Ford Ecape for almost half as much as stupid payless.
No problem and get experience.
I recommend them any day.

Super low rates get you in the door.
Hidden fees and long lines explain the low price tag.
Please shell out another 25-50 bucks for one of the other big names.

I wish I could give this a zero star, but a 1 star will have to do.
We booked our car rental online about a week before our trip.
Firefly was the least expensive for the mid size car, so we went with that.
After our journey from Portland, OR to Phoenix, AZ, we went to check in for our car rental.
Except, that part didn't happen.
The girl who was supposed to be checking us in was not there.
Nor did she show up after twenty minutes of us standing there waiting for her to show up.
So, no show from the attendant led us to renting from Thrifty car, which cost us more money than we had originally been quoted from Firefly.
Really frustrating.
Won't even try to rent again in the future.
Anyways, I guess if you want to see my true car rental experience, see what I ended up writing for Thrifty car rental.

Do NOT rent from this company!
You will be sorry if you do.
Lousy service from beginning to end!
No one at the desk to help you, or just one person for a giant line.
Car's rear view mirror didn't work from the get go ----- as I found out on a busy freeway where it was too late to manually readjust it.
DO NOT TRUST them with your credit card!
I was charged almost 100 dollars more than the contract stated!
(And i bought full insurance - given they don't offer partial.
) I left the car exactly as I rented it, with a full tank of gas, and with an earlier return than designated!
This is NOT  a trustworthy company!
My bank is currently disputing the bill.
Save yourself the trouble and go to a well recognized company ------ !!

My experience in Phoenix was totally different than other reviewers.
My impression is that FireFly management at Phoenix read the reviews and took them to heart.
There was no line, there was no bait and switch on the car class, there was no demand to take the full tank fuel option, the car was a 2013 Honda Civic with 11,000 miles on it.
I would rent from them any time in Phoenix.

