While going to the dry cleaners in the plaza I noticed this place was now open.
When I first walked in, I was surprised how modern and really trendy this place is.
Honestly, it's the most upscale and hip feeling Thai restaurant I have been to Phoenix.
Service was great, as we were one of very few people since it had just opened a few hours earlier.
The waitress was really sweet, knowledgeable, and helpful.
My soup was phenomenal and the yellow curry was good.
I hope this restaurant draws big crowds.
I would love to have another mom and pop restaurant succeed.
And it would be cool to have a popular hangout right next door to my house.
There's a bar in the back that seems to be coming soon.

Just open today!!!
Very nice decoration and right balance of ambience.
Definitely!!!
Good Thai food.
I LOVE their Pad Thai , Green curry, and Crab cream cheese roll.
I will be back for sure :)

I had tried Thai food from many places..
I have to admit that this is the best place.
The decorations are simple, nice and clean...the services are great, owners are nice and friendly... and the food are EXCELLENT!!!
PadThai, Pad Prik King, Tod Mun Kung...
The lunch menus are very reasonable around $8 and you will get unlimited soup and salad (I could just have these and be happy;) the dish come with spring roll (yummy).
For the price, the service and the healthy choice (vs. fast food) I would defitnitely recommend to everyone!

Modern decor,  excellent service, great food.
Tom yum soup is perfect.
Extensive menu.
A neighborhood gem.

I've been there twice now and really enjoyed the food there.
Last week I had a basic vegetable plate(forgot the exact name) with chicken, and today I had the red curry with chicken.
I ordered it spicy hot and it was perfect.
Service was even better.
I'll give it 5 stars when I can have a beer there.
They said that they should have their liquor license soon.
I'll be back !!

I like this place.
They serve authentic Thai.
If you like Thai food, i really recommend this restaurant.

Loved this place!
Food presentation rivals any 5-star restaurant.
Service was great and friendly.
Food was fresh and flavorful.
Decor was hip and modern.
Definitely worth a repeat.

I stopped in a week before on my lunch break and ordered the Pad Thai.
The peanut sauce was amazing and I was hooked.
My husband and I decided to dine-in this time and get a feel for the overall experience of the restaurant.
The decor was modern and trendy it felt very upscale.
The music was at the perfect volume to add ambiance without drowning out the voice of the person across from you.
I ordered Pad Woon Sen, the presentation was beautiful and the meal was delicious.
My husband ordered the Pad Thai and loved it.
The staff was welcoming and attentive and  the service was excellent.
It's my new favorite Thai restaurant.

Came here with my friends for lunch.
Liked the decor and modern style.
As we entered, noticed some of the crew that worked for Yuphas, another one of my favorite Thai places.
Upon inquiring, found out they have opened this restaurant and moved here.
They were very gracious and eager to please which was a stark difference from how I have been feeling about Yuphas lately.
The lunch buffet comes with soup and salad.
I thought soup was tasteless and unappetizing.
But the taste was made up by the entrees.
The food was as good, if not better than Yuphas.
Loved my ginger beef with rice.
All four of us loved what we ordered.
And then we ordered sticky rice with coconut Ice cream.
I thought it was pretty awesome.
If they keep up with the quality of the food And great customer service, I don't think I need to go back to Yuphas and go through their deteriorating customer service and food quality.
Look out Yuphas, your ex-staff is out there to beat you in your own game :) I have to say, it's a must try for every Thai food lover!

Since moving to Arizona I have become addicted to Thai food.
There are so many choices here it's exciting to have a fantastic place move in so close to my house.
The staff here have worked in a few other Thai restaurants around the area so they have hit the ground running.
The service is fantastic.
It's the fastest place to grab a sit down lunch on this side of town with excellent food.
It's actually amazing how fast the food comes out and how delicious it is.
They have about everything you would want in a thai restaurant.
The decor is very modern and clean, the soup and salad that come with lunch are always fresh, and they have great noodles dishes and curries.
They even have a new thing I have never seen before, Thai Fried Ice cream not to be confused by Mexican Restaurant fired ice cream.
It's like a hot fried donut filled with ice cream it's amazingly delicious.
If you are nearby stop in and give them a try.
They are closed from 3PM to 5PM during the day as a heads up, but not unusual for thai restaurants around here.
Try:  - Pad See Ewe - Drunkin Noodles - Thai Fried Ice Cream!

Fantastic food!
Just a touch better than everywhere else we've tried Thai.
Hubby had the drunken noodle, Thai hot.
It was so fabulous that I couldn't keep away despite my fire- mouth.
There was a menu mixup which the owner corrected and completely made right.
So, we had a shrimp and broccoli specialty dish which was really good, but not spectacular.
Finally, the panang curry.
Oh my!
It was sincerely the best panang I've eaten in California or Arizona!
It didn't have that corner market curry taste, instead, was very fresh and flavorful.
I had no complaints about service, as they were around often to fill up the glass and to check how you're doing.
Oh, and the drink Basil Smash is a great sweet drink to try!
We will be back!

As full time RIvers who really like Thai food it's often difficult to find "good" Thai food.
Last Wednesday after an appointment in downtown Phoenix we searched Yelp for a Thai Restaurant on our way back to Casa Grande, AZ.
We found this restaurant not far off the 10 in Chandler which has recently opened.
The service was very friendly.
Pricing was very good.The restaurant was very clean and welcoming.
The Spring Rolls, Fried Pineapple Rice with Chicken was amazing.
Since we are Snow Birds we will be back!
The new owner is doing a great job and should be very successful.

Just hit up Thailicious for some Thai food fix with my wife.
I ordered the Red Curry, which was good however the beef they had in it was WAY overcooked (think chewing cardboard).
My wife ordered the Pad Thai which while cooked properly, the sauce tasted too much like watered down ketchup.
One thing they did well was the soup, it was actually delicious (I had two servings).
I also finished up my meal with a Thai Iced Tea which was not the traditional type (they had whipped cream and a cherry).
While it was sweet (VERY SWEET), for $2.99 I felt kind of ripped off with the amount of tea I actually got.
Will have to continue my search for a Thai fix elsewhere.

We loved this place!
We had lunch there and the prices were great and the food was excellent.
We had Holy Basil and Colorful Vegetable, both with chicken, and they were outstanding.
Both came with soup, salad & a spring roll on the lunch menu.
We also decided to try the chicken satay appetizer and the thai iced tea.
A perfect meal and we'll definitely be back.

Another great Thai food option in the valley!
Drunken noodles were great and the Old Fashioned was well made!
Happy to have this gem so close to home!

Some of the best Thai food that I've had and very friendly and helpfully staff.
Had a hard time ordering because everything looked so good.
Will be back soon to explore the menu some more.

OMG!
The best Thai food ever.
I've order from this place through grubhub multiple times.
The Thai rice is always good, the blanket shrimp is awesome, the shrimp cakes are awesome.
GREAT GREAT GREAT Food.
Awesome delivery time.

I am very impressed with this place.
I went with a friend after yoga last week (sorry Thailicious for our smellyness!
) and we were a little wary since it hasn't been open long and when we entered it was mostly empty.
Well, our wariness was unnecessary, this place was great.
I asked the waitress what I should get between the noodle soup and the drunken noodles... she so delicately said.... ummm lots of.... white people... order drunken noodles.
Ha!!!
I ordered the noodle soup with beef at her suggestion.
When the soup came out I was worried... it looked kind of gross... like brown water.
Oh my god this soup was good.
So flavorful, like a mix of a Thai soup and a pho.
Tons and tons of flavor.
I ate it all.
I was planning on taking half home for lunch the next day.
Uh oh.
I ended up deciding to order another dish to go so I would have lunch the next day and got the drunken noodles.
This portion was much larger than the soup, so I was able to eat it for two days.
I will say, at a 4/5 star, it wasn't spicy.
Also, though good, it didn't touch the flavor of the soup.
I will come back here for that soup, so good!
Cons include - expensive for the portion size (can usually make at least two meals out of a 10$ bowl of soup, but not so here), the drunken noodles were not the best I have had, and they put a big mass of carrot strings on their noodles as garnish... don't really get this, why not put the carrot in the noodle mix?
the carrot garnish was a little odd after heating the rest up the second day.

Great food, great service, nicely decorated clean restaraunt.
A+ I ordered the red curry with chicken (thai hot).
The spice and flavor were perfect.
The Thai iced tea was delicious!

Bangkok in Arizona!
Since I have been in BK 6 times, I can tell if the food is authentic.
And the food here is truly AUTHENTIC!
We ordered a red curry with chicken, Tom Yum soup, desert with Fried Banana with ice cream and they were absolutely delicious.
I was pretty impressed with the food and the decoration here.
Service is very good and the restaurant is pretty clean!
Also, we got a complimentary Thai Tea Pudding desert !!!
Cons is it is a bit pricy compared to its portion.
But over all, it is a must place to have authentic Thai food!
We will come back for sure :)

I have been here twice.
The have tried Pineapple fried rice, drunken Noodles and red curry.
Everything was very good but Red Curry was awesome.
The best thai food in Chandler.

Great food and awesome prices and value for money at lunch.
Quick service and rightly called Thai and delicious.
will visit again :)

Thailicious= delicious!
We were excited to try out this new restaurant based on the great reviews.
Nestled in the Laguna Village shopping center, it's nice to see another Asian restaurant take over where the previous Szechuan restaurant was.
They've remodeled the place, adding color, new seating and tables to create a soothing, contemporary atmosphere with an Asian twist.
The menu is fairly extensive and has all your stand-by favorites such as pad Thai, drunken noodles, and your various forms of curry.
They also have some more unique dishes and chef's specialties.
I decided on a more pedestrian entree this visit, settling on the chicken red curry, medium spiciness.
I also tried some of the tom yum soup and the holy basil chicken.
The tom yum soup was a delicious pungent mix of spices and flavors.
It was a great start to our meal.
The red curry sauce had an interesting balance of delicate flavor from the coconut milk, with a strong punch of spice and kick from the curry paste itself, and the chiles used for heat.
The spiciness level was a perfect medium- just spicy enough to tingle your palate and tongue, but not so spicy that you'd be in pain afterwards (Or drinking gallons of water!).
While I enjoyed the sauce and the vegetables in the dish, the chicken in the entree was overcooked and tasted pretty tough.
On the other hand, the holy basil was divine.
The chicken was tender, cooked perfectly, with a great mix of veggies and flavors.
One bowl of rice comes with the entrees, which I appreciated, but I would have liked to see more rice included because the meager portion wasn't enough to eat with the lovely red curry sauce I had.
We ended the meal with some Thai tea creme brulee.
It was a unique twist on a French classic, executed wonderfully.
I would definitely order it again!
Service was decent, and waters were refilled as needed.
Overall, a pretty satisfying meal.
I'd definitely go here again to try more dishes!

Love this place, so glad to have a Thai place so close and so good!

Saw yelp reviews and went to give it a try since it's so closed to my house.
Meh... everything tasted so sweet.
Meats (two entries - one with chicken one with beef) are smelly and ain't fresh.
Small portion of food which it's kinda expensive.
Salad and soup were not Thai at all.
Will not coming back.

My co-workers and I tried lunch here today for the first time, all of us ordering different dishes, and every single one if us thought our meals were delicious!
Food was more than plentiful (soup and salad are included with the meal), service was excellent and super fast!
Very reasonably priced too!
We'll be back often!

Loved the food!
Thai food is my absolute favorite.
Went for lunch with a work group.
Everyone loved the food, including a Thai newbie and Vegetarian!
The staff was fast and friendly.
The restaurant is clean and modern.
Lunch orders come with soup, salad and spring rolls.
I enjoyed the Garlic Beef and Chai tea (the best Chai I've ever had), but had the taste of the Curry Chicken and it was wonderful!
Definitely will be going back, but taking my husband for dinner.
Note:  Had the spicy at 2 and it was still pretty spicy, so be very careful.

Had lunch there today with the girls at work & was pleasantly surprised!
I had the Red Curry & it was delicious!
The flavor was amazing.
I also had the Thai Tea Cream Brulee which topped it all off as an amazing lunch.
Will be going back!!

This place is so delicious!
I'm a picky Thai foodie and absolutely love it!
Best I've found in az besides malee's.
Just wish it wasn't so close to my house.
Dangerously good!!
My favs are chic panang and pineapple fried rice.
It's a tad on the pricey side but worth it for good Thai.

Update.
They have beer!!
I had the Thai fried rice with a split of chicken and veges today.
I ordered it with medium heat.
Perfect!!
5 stars now!
I'll come back weekly!

Best thai food in the East Valley.
Just indulged myself in the Red Curry.
Amazing flavor.

After a disappointing experience at Yupha's a few weeks ago, I had to go back to the drawing board and find a new place to satisfy my not-creepy-at-all Thai cravings.
Heh heh heh.
Now my requirements weren't strict, it just needed to be within a reasonable distance from work, have delicious looking non-professional pictures of food, some unique sounding specialties, AND kickass dessert.
Thailicious - you are the answer to my prayers.
The thai iced tea is excellent here and the chicken satay was near perfect - so far off to a GREAT start.
Lunch special was SO GOOD - I had the Thai pepper steak and the sauce made me think that's what I should place as my drink order next time!
Drunken noodle is also recommended even though there's no alcohol in it, so maybe they just mean that it's drunk in FLAVOR.
I also wanted one of their specialties, so at the suggestion of the server I went with the Sleeping Beauty.
Here is a description:  Sautéed shrimps with bean thread noodle, ginger and celery in homemade sauce, served in clay pot.
God just take me already, Thailicious!
I've made it my mission to come back here and try EVERY single specialty.
Take that weight-loss New Years resolutions!

Best Thai food I've had in the valley.
After trying other restaurants in the area now that I work down in Chandler, I happened across this spot and decided to try it on a whim.
I'm glad I did, and this is where I'll be continuing to go for my Thai fix for the foreseeable future.
I tried a classic - yellow curry - and chose a medium spice level to establish a baseline for future visits.
The lunch comes with soup and salad, and while the salad dressing was good, the hot tofu soup was very flavorful and just spicy enough to taste the heat without burning away the flavors.
The yellow curry itself was exactly like I love it.
Unlike the watery, thin curries I've had recently at other places, this was rich and creamy with an excellent flavor.
The medium heat was just enough to linger on the tongue during the drive back to work without making me sweat at the table.
Recommended.

We heard about this new Thai restaurant and stopped in today for their lunch special.
I really enjoyed being able to make my own salad at the salad bar, and the hot and sour soup was just delicious.
I ordered pad Thai because they didn't have Panang curry on the lunch menu and I always get Panang Curry.
It was spicy and had a lot of egg and chicken.
It came with a little spring roll that was just a touch dry.
I would go back again.

After a long day of driving (5 hours to be exact)  this was the cherry to my sundae.
Great food.
Great service.
Great everything.
We will definitely be back for more

bomb.com!
We usually get our Thai food from Thai basil, but had heard good things and read the reviews on thailicious so we figured it was time to try it out.
We ordered the tom kha soup, drunken noodles, basil fried rice, and spice of life.
All of them were great and def must tries!
I've been eating Thai food and trying different restaurants since I was a kid.
My parents were always looking for new places to try.
They had tried thailicious a while back and said it was good but a little too greasy for them.
I've got to disagree, it wasn't greasy at all, and the flavors exceeded our expectations.
Now we like Thai basil, but I think we're going to make thailicious our new Thai food place from now on.
Can't wait to try more items!

Surpisingly good, I don't expect much from asian restaurants in AZ as they don't compare to the asian food in CA.
I have experienced disappointment repeatedly in AZ to the point of apathy, but was pleasantly surprised when I came across this restaurant.
A pearl in the small sea of mediocre asian restaurants in AZ.
Notable dishes we ordered were the shrimp cakes as appetizers, pad thai and pineapple fried rice for entrees, and sticky rice with mango for dessert.
Dessert was delicious!
Of all the sticky rice w/ mangos I have had this beats the rest, the only disappointment was the portion size, a little overpriced.
Those are the must try dishes!
I definitely will stop by again even if its a bit far for me, so worth it when you are craving good Thai food!

What can i say.
This is the BEST thai food I ever had in AZ!!!!!!
Everything we tried is good!
They even have a thai tea creme brulee!

I have found my new Thai place.
I almost didn't go due to the cheesy name.
But as I shouldn't judge a book by its cover, nor should I judge Americanized exotic food vendors by their innovative company names.
That's correct, we found it through Yelp and their excellent reviews and I am doing mine to reaffirm this delicious Thai place to stay put.
Five stars it definitely is.
I had something called like "Rama" Curry (could been called something else, I am going by memory here people) with Chicken and it was out-effin-standing.
I gobbled up the whole thing even if I was full way before the last bite was eaten.
Coconut milk, with curry with just amount of heat.
This has become my new staple when it comes to Thai food.
It might not been the best I have had, but in Arizona this will definitely keep my cravings at bay very nicely.
I had a taste of the peanutty special dish they have, and it was good.. but not my choice and very peanutty.
Almost too peanutty.
Next time I want to try another curry though, even if the want I had was just want I usually crave.
Aaaah, these first world problems!!!
If you are thinking Thai food tonight, this is the way to go.
Its not authentic - its just right.

We ordered pad thai and colorful vegetables with beef.
Both were delicious, but the pad thai didn't taste like pad thai really.
I would eat it again though.
It just had a different taste.
What was the best was the Thai sticky rice with mango.
Oh my God I will dream about that dessert!!!!!!
It did not sound that appealing to me (my family member picked it out), but it was soooo good!
Also love that you can order online!

Very nice, clean neighborhood restaurant.
Food was wonderful!
Came to us hot and the spice was perfect to our order.
I will return.

All the menu items are delicious.
The service is excellent and ambience is relaxing.
I would recommend to come in a group or come alone and sit at the bar with red wine.
Try different dishes and find your favorite.

The best Thai food in the east valley!
Such a cute restaurant and the food is amazing!
Will be going back many many more times!
Try the drunken noodles and pineapple fried rice!
You will not be disappointed!

I have tried a lot of noodles in various Thai places but never found drunken noodles as flavorful as the one at thailicious.
Noodles I ordered came with fried tofu with egg at level 4 spicy (hot).
The flavor was impeccable and certainly a treat for those "drunken" fans out there ;)  Also ordered the red curry - though kind of runny I felt the taste was surprisingly good.
Not usually a fan of curry at Thai restaurants but glad I made that exception.
Lastly Thai iced tea - great drink at any Thai place - tall glass and not too sweet!
Overall great experience - recommend to those who want to try something new on Thai!

Tried this place today.
It was a great experieced.
The good was masterfully done - delicous seafood yellow curry.
The place is really inviting and clean.
The service was fast and courteous.
I will definitely comeback for more.

Overall...probably best Thai restaurant in valley next to yuphas.
I m giving it 5 stars cuz all the other mediocre Thai restuarants are given 4.
So in comparison to them def a 5.
All noodle dishes are good.
Pad se ewe , pad Thai..solid.
Drunken noodlesand beef salad are better at yuphas.
But still good.
Fresh spring rolls were fantastic!
Esp if u want something light and fresh.
All the desserts are excellent...fried bananas, coconut ice cream.
Also fried rice is exceptional.
Portions are on smaller size.
Will def go back.
Oh...yellow curry is ok.

This was the best thai food I have had in the valley.
Service was very good and the restaurant was quiet, even though they were busy.This is my new place!

The ambiance and music were fabulous - sexy vibe!
The food was worthy however, just a click below Yupha's Thai Kitchen.
I would come back and also recommend this restaurant.
The service was good, and the faculty was clean.
I would recommend though that they put some seasoning on the table or offer it.

Did a takeout order.
Pretty good Thai and will come back for dinner.
Excellent yellow curry, pad Thai and Thai fried rice.
The Pad Woon Sen was also pretty good but the beef ordered with it was a bit tough.
I will update when I come back for dinner.

Silly name but very good food.
Ambiance and decor were ok; background music a la Kenny G got a little annoying.
Tom Gha soup was pretty spicy even at level 3 (out of 5).
The drunken noodles and Pad Thai were both very good- level 3 and 4 spicyness but they seemed about the same.
Panang Curry was delicious- maybe a bit runny but tasty with steamed rice.

Delicious food.
I tried the drunken noodle and for dessert, the coconut ice cream.
However, the service was slow and they didn't even tell us the salad and soup was self serve.
They took forever to bring us our straws and chopsticks.
But the food was amazing!

