Itzza Pizza is the replacement for Gumby's on Madison's near west side  I had the chicago style stuffed pizza and it was good (very big!
), but nothing like authentic gino's east or lou malnati's in chicago.
The sauce, crust, cheese, and toppings were pretty average and what you would find at places like pizza di roma or glass nickel, at a little cheaper price.
The one thing this place has that no one else does: PEPPERONI ROLLS.
Gumby's had them and they were the best and these are even better!!
They're soft, chewy, and come with a side of what tasted like thousand island dressing with a kick.
Very awesome.
I would rank this place average in every single quality: taste, presentation, location, delivery speed.
But the pepperoni rolls won me over.
Definitely worth a try.

This is definitely the best pizza place I have tried in town.
I've eaten pizza at just about everywhere there is in Madison, and this place is the best.
I ordered their deep dish pizza with three toppings and I chose chicken, spinach, and feta.
The crust is completely out of this world.
It has a buttery, flaky texture and a cheesy flavor as well.
not sure how they make it, but by far the best crust I've had in a pizza.
DELICIOUS.

Chicago style deep dish pizza is the best.
(I've ordered bacon & black olive & a pepperoni) tastes amazing and has the most delicious crust!
Delivery came quicker than the estimated time.

This review is for the stuffed pizza.
I got a small stuffed sausage and pepperoni expecting a very mediocre attempt at the Chicago style pie.
I was wrong.
The stuffed pizza was excellent.
Plenty of sauce to balance the cheese and toppings within.
Only complaint is the crust doesn't have much to it.
Perhaps a little brush of butter or garlic could help.
Also tried the pepperoni rolls (2 for $2.50) which were very good.
Not a lot of filling, but very tasty.
The Italian beef was the only thing I didn't enjoy.
Bland meat that likely came from Walmart and saw little seasoning.
Stick with the pizza and you'll enjoy it.
Prices are great for stuffed/deep dish pizza as well.
The location feels like your classic pizza dive as well (take out or delivery only) with the alluring smell.

Very solid effort, rich decadent pizza.
Pizza doesn't really look like beautiful pictures on Facebook - crust is thinner and toppings do not fill up to the top as pictures of the garlic crust pan pizza seem to suggest.
I also expect pizza to be salty BUT DAMN this was SALTY.

I've recently tried both the thin crust and stuffed deep dish and they are both delish.
The pizza sauce and cheese are top notch.
The crust isn't quite there yet (a little too crunchy instead of buttery flakey) but is still good.
The deep dish is very filling,  just one slice is a meal in itself.
This place is a dive, no dine-in, just carryout or delivery, and looks like a dump but it smells amazeballs inside.
Staff are very friendly and couteous over the phone and in-person.
This is my takeout pizza go-to.

We ordered both the thin crust as well as deep dish pizzas, and we didn't care for either.
The pizzas included far too much SALT and other spices, which were probably someone's way of covering up for the fact that the ingredients weren't really fresh.
I've had tons of deep dish pizza in Chicago, as well as amazing thin crust in Milwaukee.
Unfortunately, Itzza just doesn't cut it.

Today my hubby and I adventure ourselves to try this pizza place for the first time, I placed the order online and the promised time was 7:15pm, it was 7:23 and no sound at the door.
We called and the person sounded kind of confused and busy until he decided to call the driver to check on the time and said he would be here shortly.
Finally, he showed up and we were happy to see him.
We ordered two pepperoni rolls, a garden salad and a customized pizza with onions, ham, pineapple and pepperoni.
Once I opened the box, my mouth started to salivate, it was very pretty to look at, the first bite ahhhhhhh......a delectable surprise, it had a nice interesting"grilled" flavor, even the smell, it reminded me of "carne asada", not greasy at all and I loved the fact that the meats tasted mild, not very salty like other places.
I agree the crust could be enhanced but I liked it, sometimes simple finds a  strange way to satisfy you ;)    The pepperoni rolls were too soft for my taste with nothing special on them.
The salad was the basic one, tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots; However, the Italian dressing I asked for was definitely homemade and that is rare to find specially in a fast food restaurant, bonus!

These bread sticks are absolutely the best breadsticks in the tri-state area.
Guaranteed.
If you don't like it, find me and I'll eat the rest.

Would give about 2.5 stars if I could.
Had the regular pizza and breadsticks.
Meh..  Not terrible, not memorable.
Neither my husband or I cared for the sauce.
Crust was ok. Definitely a lot of cheese if you like that.
Generous with toppings.
(Actually asked for mushrooms on half, got it on the whole pizza)   Breadsticks were just pretty bad.
Came with an odd cup of sauce on the side.
I actually think it might have been a mistake?
Tasted and looked like a watery thousand isle dressing?
Yuck.
Otherwise the topping was decent but the breadsticks were very bready.
I know, breadsticks, right?
But they weren't chewy in a focaccia way or melty like Olive Garden..
They were more like garlic Wonderbread?
Overall, we thought we would give it a try but I wish I had spent my $16 elsewhere and we won't be back.

