TAP Sports Bar has many tv's, including 2 quad screens (4 huge HD's) that convert into a BIG screen.
1 on each side of the bar.
There isn't a bad seat in the house.
Great location.
TAP Sports Bar is across the hall from the Sports Book.
Many good beers on TAP.
For a sports bar, the food is very good.
The slow cooked pork belly, bacon braised corn dog appetizer (2 per order) are the size of baked potatoes!
The Reuben sandwich was tasty as well.
Customer service is also very good.
The managers, bartenders and waitresses all had time to smile and say hi...not to mention fulfill my food and beverage needs.
5 stars are hard earned by my standards... especially in Vegas.
Consider this a CATEGORY review.
The Sports Bar category.
Perhaps it's 4 or 4.5 stars, but F it...I'm as happy as a hooker in a Boy Scout Camp.

Visited on its 4th day.
Service could be better.
Lots of people standing around, seemed confused.
Once someone did help us and give us a menu, it was good, but the server didn't know any details on the items.
That too needs to improve.
We had fish and chips (which were good thick fries)and a  philly cheese steak.
Lots of beers, lots of TV's and the open kitchen was nice.
Will visit again for sure

Visiting Vegas and staying at the MGM so we decided to try this convenient sports bar located in the casino.
I ordered the nachos.
They were delicious!!
If you like nachos, these will definitely satisfy the craving.
The cheese was freshly melted, the guacamole was awesome.
So good.
My sister ordered the chicken fingers.
These on the other hand were bad.
They had seemed to be fried twice and resembled fried shrimp.
Fries were bad.

Really Awesome New Sports Bar across from Sports Book in MGM!
Loved the food, service & endless TVs showing a myriad of events from the Olympics!
Nachos & Loaded Fries were Yummy...
I really liked the steak chili in a cornbread bowl, & my husband loved the pork chop with spicy breaded green beans & fries!
Mini Mugs of dessert were comprised of 3 with Peanut butter crunch, berry cheesecake, and cherry chocolate cake with whipped cream... Large glasses of many types of beer seemed to be the order of the day around us & a happy crowd!
We will be back!

I had the chicken patty burger that was great but I have this place three stars cuz the fries tasted old and stale.
It wasn't just mine either everyone at our table had the same nasty tasting fries

TAP Sports Bar just opened about a month ago.
They are located in the MGM towards the back of the casino parallel to the Sports book.
A very nice open space with lots of TV's to watch all the games in action.
Definitely a good spot to go especially if all the chairs in the sports book is full.
They have a good menu with plenty of yummy eats and drinks.
It was kinda late when we arrived and had about 5min to get our order in because the kitchen closes at 11pm.
Fries and Gravy ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tap-las-vegas?select=JEK35FcNFybUssaqMusqMw#JEK35FcNFybUssaqMusqMw  This bowl was huge.
It has fries and fried cheese curds, those are the brown pudgy looking ones.
The gravy had a decent taste.
Could have used a bit more of it though.
Braised Bacon Corn Dogs ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tap-las-vegas?select=JEK35FcNFybUssaqMusqMw#WaZNbNTffH30OujvBDx6IQ This one confused me a bit and was not sure what to expect.
Instead of a hot dog I felt like I was eating a stick of corned beef wrapped with bacon.
Whatever though it was pretty damn good so I was totally ok with it.
It had a really tasty mustard sauce that came with it that I really enjoyed.
Buffalo Wings ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tap-las-vegas?select=JEK35FcNFybUssaqMusqMw#xhsxeyv7jom3w1qGmfRqfw  These were finger licking good!
You can actually choose from 4 different sauces and the waiter recommended to stick with the Buffalo and we were glad we did.
I could have had another basket of these wings!
This was probably not the healthiest thing to eat at midnight but hey were in VEGAS!!!
Eyes ~ Wow I get to eat all this so late at night!
Nose ~ Smells Yum!.
Ear ~ Still a few peeps hanging around.
Mouth ~ These are all pretty good!.
Tummy ~ I'm going to make you pay in the morning for stuffing me up at midnight!

Great American sports bar.
I had the proper ruben sandwich and it was delicious.
Fries were a little bland but the onion rings are good.
Nice setup for sports viewing.

I sat at the bar and had the beer butt chicken...
It was awesome ...
Seemed like it was lightly fried...
It wasn't a traditional beer butt chicken but it was delicious!
Service was great too!

Great place to go if you want to watch the game that you just laid a bet on.
They have lots of big screens and a good selection of beers.
The food portions are hearty, you really shouldn't leave here hungry.
Service was above average and the staff quite friendly.
Open, casual atmosphere , definitely a good place to hang out.

Good food, great beer, TERRIBLE service.
I waited 20 min at my table for a water, didn't even get the chance to place drink or food order until 30 mins in (after receiving 1 glass of water).
Such a disappointment.

Food was good, service was prompt and very friendly.
Cho was great, very pleasant.
Would recommend for both other locals as well as tourists.

If you're a guy on a business trip or convention this is the place for you.
I love their little high end rustic bar feel they have going on.
They've got televisions everywhere in every sports channel you could think of so this just might be that go to spot to watch the game and down a few drinks with the boys.
This also looks like a good place to take clients for business meetings.
It's casual but decent and presentable so it helps give that inviting vibe to easily start conversation.
They're offerings look good as well.
I ordered the chicken strips, but even those I was impressed with.
When it comes to chicken strips, the tenderness of the chicken and the breading tells all.
Their breading is so different, it is crunchy just like how you'd like it but the texture and flavor is nothing like the typical.
It kind of has a different taste to it...maybe beer battered?
But I'd recommend this one.
Other recommendations which I hear is popular: *The reuben sandwich *Fish and Chips *Fried mac and cheese *Fried green beans *Loaded nachos  Definitely more tailored for the fellas, and probably not the best place to take someone on a date (unless she's into sports or she's ok with losing attention since you'll be watching the screens...lol)

Tap has amazing burgers and an awesome selection of lagers, don't be scared of the menu prices, the food is all amazing

I accidentally spilled my first beer and was excessively ridiculed and embarrassed by this disrespectful bartender, Jennifer.
She also charged me full price for the spilled beer (which probably costs the bar pennies); never seen that before.
Accidents happen.
No damage was done.
Be professional.
Never going back.

If there were an option for no stars I would give it no stars.
The first time around they brought out the wrong order and had to wait another 15 mins had to ask server to refill our drinks.
I would not recommend this place and would defiantly would not come back

Great place!
Food is great value for the price.
Ate there Wednesday and loved the cheese curds and the tap chop salad!
Our server was so knowledgeable!

The food was really good, but like others have mentioned, the service left a lot to be desired.
Our waitress was more interested in trying to be best friends with the table next to us rather than be our waitress.
If you don't mind terrible service, give TAP a try!

The food was really nothing to rave about.
We had the spinach dip and an order of nachos.
I've totally had way better.
The highlight was my blue moon.
Lots of different selections of beer but that's as good as it gets.

We went in this bar twice during our 1 week stay, all of Saturday afternoon and again on our leaving day for a few hours.
It's an excellent place to watch sports due to the amount of TV's and big split screens.
There is an extensive range of drinks available to choose from.
Drink service was quite quick at the bar, and my friends received any food they ordered after only a short wait.

With a solid drink selection, tasty food, and a multitude of tv's, one MUST stop by this sports bar while in Vegas.
Their service is top notch.
The people watching is amazing.
Go visit.
Go visit now.

Wow.
Expected so much more.
Decent number of taps, but I kid you not.
I asked for a beer and it was out.
4 times in a row.
Each beer I ordered out.
We ordered nachos  to split.
Bad liquid cheese and very small for 12 dollars.
First and last time here.
Bad first impression.

The food wasn't very good.
The only thing I actually liked was the hotdogs in a blanket.
My sloppy joe had a funky taste to it, I actually lost my appetite & my boyfriends plate was smaller than expected.
Also, my fries were burnt.
I was pretty much over it.
I don't think I'll be coming back.

Stopped in for lunch with some friends.
Service lacked luster, but the food shined beyond!
The Juicy Lucy sliders were tremendous.
My BYOBurger was phenomenal, medium rare patty with sharp cheddar cheese, fried egg over medium, bacon and a pretzel roll bun.
Charging $10 a pint?
Not so awesome.

In my opinion, this is the best sports bar in Vegas (maybe second to Legasse Stadium if you're sitting on the patio).
I have always found it difficult to get good food in a sports bar in Vegas, but TAP has it.
We ordered the buffalo wings, pretzels and fried green beans.
All were tasty and I could have ordered a second helping of wings, they were so good.
Great atmosphere as well, as I could watch the hockey game with other fans just out to have a good time.
(I find the Sports Books can sometimes be too serious)

I was staying at the MGM and was looking for a place to eat for lunch and decided on Tap.
I had the most amazing salad that was new for the summer.
It had arugula, (what I think were) grape tomatoes, peppers, (get this...) watermelon, topped with feta and a vinaigrette.
I would never have thought to combine watermelon and arugula but it was delicious and refreshing!
Talk about a salad I'll never forget!
I also had the chicken tenders after, which were also very savory and tasty.
The customer service through out the restaurant was excellent.
I was greeted at the front with a smile and my bartender was very attentive to my needs.
I shouldn't fail to mention that Tap boasts flat-screen TVs that enclose the restaurant with sports feeds from all over the world.
As a sports fan and someone who loves to eat, this place was pretty much perfect for me.
But I have to say... That salad was pretty much the deal-sealer for me to have to post about it on Yelp.

We ate  there yesterday and first, the guy at the bar was rude.
We didn't tip him at all!!
For what?
We were seated at the table and the appetizers were brought to the table, they were good.
Well the chicken nuggets, the fries and the sliders taste like crap!!
Don't go there to eat, staff not great, not accommodating.
Too pricey!!!!
Don't bother eating there..

Great place to grab a bite if you're looking to watch a game.
Every seat has a good view of a TV.
Staff was super attentive and friendly.
I had the philly sliders with a side of onion rings.
They were good enough but nothing to write home about.
They also have a good selection of draft beers on tap.

Not a bad place to grab a drink and watch a game.
Service was fairly quick for it being March Madness time.
Place was clean, food was good, prices were a bit high (which was expected) Overall a good experience, no complaints.
An appetizer, 2 drinks and a meal will cost you about $45.
Which is a little more that I like paying when eating at a sports bar, but the food was good

Do not get the juicy Lucy!
It is not juicy.
I think the only good thing here is the mac and cheese potato balls, and the fried cheese churd (like mozzarella sticks).

We came during fight weekend but it wasn't too crowded.
In fact, we found two spots at the bar and were greeted quickly.
I had the cheese fries and they weren't very good.
The cheese was velveeta tasting and was very thick.
I enjoyed the drinks, lots of TV's and the staff was very nice and fun to talk to.
If you want a sports bar and aren't very hungry go here!

Items Selected: Wisconsin Fried Cheese - Beer Batter, Ranch Dip Pretzel & Cheese - Horseradish Cheddar Cheese, Old School Sourdough Pretzel Cheesy Mac Bites - Beer Batter, Ranch Dip Steak Chili - Beef Short Rib Chili, Sour Cream, Cheddar, Green Onion, Cornbread Bowl Onion Soup - Beer Braised Caramelized Onions, Havarti Cheese, Sourdough Croutons TAP Sloppy Joe - Smoked Beef Brisket, Pilsner Laced Joe Sauce, Grilled Onion Roll, Fries, Rings Corned Beef Short Ribs - Spicy Beer Mustard, Brussels Sprouts, Sweet Potatoes, Fries Open Faced Steak Sandwich - Grilled Skirt Steak, Beer Braised Mushrooms, Spinach, Horseradish Cheddar, Garlic Rubbed Country Bread Hand Hammered Pork Chops - Pan Fried Pork, Gravy, Spicy Fried Green Beans, Onion Rings Guinness Chocolate Shake - Stout laced Fluff Fried S'mores - Chocolate, Graham, Marshmallow, Chocolate Dipping Sauce Warm Skillet Brownie - Caramel, Fudge, Peanuts, Vanilla Ice Cream  Located adjacent to the Sports Book at MGM featuring a clever menu crafted by Steve Barr the newly minted TAP Sports Bar seemed a good spot to meet with friends old and new for Game 2 of The Stanley Cup Finals and aside from a slight delay in seating incurred due to The Belmont Stakes I'd be hard pressed to name a better night of this ilk, a double overtime come-from-behind win for Los Angeles matched with great conversation and food that ranged from average to excellent at a wallet friendly price-point for The Strip.
Expansive in size with diverse seating options flanking a central bar as televisions and memorabilia decorate the walls the TAP experience is truly a sportcentric one as a well-trained staff of jersey-clad severs circulate to the sounds of the game as opposed to some hideous Journey ballad generated via Touchtunes and although both food and beer menus trend small the selections themselves prove both unique and well-culled.
Clearly featuring a West Coast bias amongst its patrons and showing the NHL on every screen it was with a trio of beers and five appetizers that our meal began and with cheese as a theme it was actually the meaty chili in a bowl of buttery cornbread that impressed most and although I'm told the Onion Soup was quite bad both pretzels and herbaceous curds proved competent while man n' cheese bites were surprisingly light and rife with sharp cheddar.
Moving next to main courses after a near-hour lull it was in a quartet of options that we invested and although the open-face sandwich was delivered both dry and cool to the touch while thinly pounded pork proved far inferior to that at Hash-House-a-Go-Go it would be difficult to find fault in either the smoky Sloppy Joe atop one of the city's best buns or the innovative Corned Beef-style short rib with ample spicing and meat literally falling off the bone.
With more beers, more chat, and a Gaborik goal tying the game it was finally in desserts that we indulged and although none of the options are prone to wow on the level of those at Lagasse's Stadium both the Guinness Shake and substantial brownie were plenty rich enough to share while the deep fried s'mores and sidecar of fudge are an indulgent mess well worth making.

It is overpriced because it is in MGM, but I am a fan and give it 4 stars.
Great spot and very high quality place to watch sports.
Its directly across from the sports book and was long needed in MGM.
They are numerous flat screens throughout and and two giant TV boards behind the bar.
This is a great place to sweat a bet and watch your team.
Had some friends in town and went on a Sunday at 5 during NBA finals  Seated promptly, service was very quick and friendly.
My girlfriend had the steak nachos ($20) and I had the Rueben ($18)  Portions were large and the meal was much better than average bar food.
I don't drink so I can't speak for the beer selection., it looked extensive.
The decor is very open with high ceilings and a good portion of the place open to the casino walkway.
I will be back

By far BEST burger I had in Vegas.
Went in for a quick meal before heading to Hakkasan and ordered a cheeseburger on a potato bun.
The bun was so good and the whole meal was cooked perfectly!
The drink selection was great and our beers tasted awesome!
Matt, our server, was the best server we had our entire stay in Vegas.
If you get a chance to visit this restaurant ask for him!
He is funny, attentive, and professional.
Because of him we came back the next night for some food and beers.
Also, they had a lot of flat screens around the whole restaurant that were playing whatever games were currently on.
Great atmosphere to watch any game!
I can definitely say we were pleasantly surprised at what a great experience we had at this sports bar!

Service was fantastic and their cheese stuff slider were phenomenal!
The fries tasted fresh as if they were just cut and fried the moment on order.
Onion rings smelled great, but I didn't have them.
However, you have the option to get half fries, half rings with the slider order.

We stayed at the MGM several days and ate here twice.
The onion rings here were awesome.

This bar sucks.
The bartender "Padilla" does not know The meaning of customer service.
I feel like everyone that works here does not want to be here.
They're food is okay but from customer service I would not want to come here again.

I had a lot of fun here watching march madness.
During events the place is packed, but you can reserve a table at a cost.
Food here is decent for bar food, we found sharing apps every so often beat big eating and let us try lots of snacks.
They have a great beer selection, but drinks and food here are VERY pricey.
You can upgrade any beer to a liter which is a "good deal" relative to their own prices, but will still run you $15+ each.
While we were here our table service was very good.
Never out of beer, many orders of apps, and some fun.
We did notice it was inconsistent between servers, so I'm not sure if I've just been lucky or not.
I like the place and would return, the only hesitation is the cost.

Service is excruciatingly slow.
Took about 30 minutes to get beer and wings on the table.
The wings are uninspired.
I had the "Proper Reuben" and it was exceedingly salty and dry.
It was not "proper" in the least.
This was my first and last time here.
What a vapid and disappointing dining experience.

Best server award goes to Amber!!
This cheeseburger was gone in no time.
Were locals and will definitely make the trip to the strip to try the sliders.

Came here to watch the World Cup Final and wasn't disappointed .
TVs everywhere!!
Latest flat screens everywhere and two jumbo screens!
The service was great !
Couldn't ask for a better bartender (Flo) they had drink specials going which were good.
As for food we had an order of fries and nachos both of which were good!
Definitely plan on returning on my next stay

