Mike with AZ Grout Restoration arrived promptly and did a great job cleaning the grout  in my kitchen and bathrooms.
He explained the procedure and finished a job well done- would definitely recommend to others

Mike from AZ Grout Restoration was very courteous and prompt.
We used a groupon and he honored  it without attempting any  up-sales or additional charges .
He did a great job.
I would definitely recommend him to friends and neighbors.

we bought an amazing deal for grout cleaning through Groupon and called the company the next day to set up an appointment.
Mike and his assistant showed up on time on the day of our appointment (they were actually early because of a cancellation) and they worked non-stop on our tiles and grouts (total of 1,000 sq.
ft.) for a total of 3 1/2 hours.
he was very knowledgeable and explained the whole process and the result was AMAZING!
honestly, we didn't think that they would be able to really clean the tiles and grouts in the kitchen (very high traffic area), but they proved me wrong!
we also had the grouts sealed for an extra fee but the amount that we paid for was way less than what the other companies quoted us for the same services.
i would definitely recommend him to my family, friends and neighbors!!

I also purchased a Groupon for AZ Grout Restoration, but only after reading the reviews posted here.
I specifically purchased the Groupon based on these reviews.
I wish I could say that I had the same experience, but I did not.
Mike was very amicable and professional on the phone, although there was a small comment about not making much money off these Groupons.
I assured him that I would want to do the entire house, although the Groupon only covered a little over 1/2 my square footage.
Mike arrived at the scheduled time with an assistant and immediately went to work measuring the house and providing me with an estimate.
I was quoted a rate of .60 for the difference in size.
All other estimates I had received prior to this were .40 per square foot, so Mike's quote was considerably higher than the going rate in Phoenix.
I could have declined to do the remainder of the house - and I should have - but I felt it was still a fair deal overall given the very good rate offered through the Groupon.
Mike and his assistant worked through the morning.
When they left, Mike assured me that the areas of tile/grout which still appeared dingy would in fact lighten up as they dried.
I waited until the next day to assess the situation, and the dingy areas did not lighten up.
There is still a distinct discoloration to the grout in various parts of my house.
Perhaps Mike did one section and his assistant another????
I can't answer that question because I haven't been able to get an answer from Mike.
He has completely ignored my attempts to reach him for the last couple of weeks.
I gave two stars as Mike and his assistant were professional and easy to talk to (until I had a complaint and then they disappeared completely!).
They also achieved marked improvement to some spots in the house.
Overall, I could have spent $200 more, not used a Groupon, and hired the company that just did my neighbors house with much better results.

