Okay, So...
I heard of "Jamba Juice" before but never had the privilege of trying the place out do  to there locations throughout the surrounding cities.
Until one fine day, my co-worker brought some in for us to try.
After that I was hooked.
So, as some of you will know that Avondale is growing pretty fast and I just happened to see in-between Quizno's and Panda Express is a "Jamba Juice".
I was excited.
I'm not exactly sure how long they have been open.
The place is small, service is quick, staff is friendly.
Sometimes slow during the week but on the weekend expect a small crowd.
YAY for Jamba Juice for putting there business close to home.

Corporate... Juice...
PIMPS!!!
I lurve me some corporate pimp juice!
I've been a fan of Jamba's juices for quite a few years... but over time, I had forgotten about the joys of Jamba until my sister (Reylynne W.) We went and I got something with oranges and strawberries in it... i unno what it had... but damnit it was good!
:) Nice, clean and fresh, I loved every thick sip.

I used to enjoy Jamba Juice regularly but in recent years after less then steller service at a few I stopped.
But a few weeks ago when the first heat wave hit I was craving a yummy smoothie as we were out and about so we tried this location.
It was fantastic.
We had our 2 year old with us so they gave us a water cup so I could share my smoothie with him (came with a lid and she even cut a straw down to length for him).
I wanted a combo of 2 smoothies so they took care of it no problem Glad this location is so near home because we'll be visiting more often especially in the summer heat!

They have some rude employees its unbelievable.
I'm trying to give business to them and ordered 6 smoothies and the cashier and her employee gave me a dirty look.
Not customer friendly.
At all.

I like this Jamba juice a lot more than the one on bell.
The manager is really nice, and at this location it's a lot quieter.
This one actually has a public restroom which is a plus.
A lot of seats, it's just pleasant to be there.

The workers here were super friendly.
The food is on par with any other Jamba Juice.
The place was clean, employees were super nice, kept me company during an incredibly short wait (could have been because it was midday friday and raining) and even gave me a sweet coupon for next time.

Quick juice meal with yummy pastries  Am a an of their Mango a Go Go drink for the occasional meal replacement.
Staff is always pleasant and quick.
They also keep the place very clean.
Noise is a bit loud with all the blending going, but that's minor.
Tip: Try the sweet waffle pastry things.
Uber yum!

A friend and I choose to grab a quick smoothie after a workout.
Upon going into the store the men behind the counter were having rude conversation and putting that before the customers.
After receiving our smoothies (which were over priced for the quality) they tasted artificial and not fresh.
Overall not a good experience.
Tropical Smoothie is more refreshing and pocket friendly.

