We went to the new Gilbert location this past weekend.
I took both my cars there and had more than $100 worth of service done.
During the car wash they gave us a free "air freshener".
We didn't want it and we threw it up on our dash along with a wet towel.
The next day when we went to throw away the air freshener it had eaten a hole in our dash.
I went back to talk to them and they claim that they are not liable.
Very frustrating.

I was here on business and took my 2002 Mercedes CLK 430 convertible here for a car wash.
I'm very particular about where I take my car to wash as some places can scratch the paint.
The place looked clean and new so I stopped in (they've only been open a month).
It was only $5 for the express wash and the vacuums were free and unlimited!
Car was clean and shiny, no scratches, and at a bargain price.
They even included a free disposable rag to wipe off the dash with.
Keep in mind I got the $5 express wash, I'm sure the full-service is even better.
I was also long overdue for an oil change (over 8000 miles!
) so I asked Eric Gonzales the manager for a quote on full synthetic.
It usually costs me $100-$180 anywhere else and when he quoted me $78 I was sold on the price alone.
He was also very personable and professional so I was comfortable having them work on my car.
This  ended up being the best oil change I've ever had!
Andrew Warren, who wrote up my order and explained all the services, was very friendly and knowledgeable and even showed me the color of the old oil draining and the brittle o-rings that they replaced on the filter.
Eric showed me the sludge in the engine and recommended an oil system cleaning service prior to adding new oil.
I definitely needed it as I had neglected the oil change for so long.
I appreciated that this was presented to me with no pressure whatsoever, and at a fair price.
Even so, my total bill came out to only $95.
It's a nice feeling to know my car is safe for the long drive home.
I'm extremely happy with the service, quality, and prices I received and only wish that this place was in San Diego because they'd definitely be where I'd take it to every time.
Highly recommended!

Just got their monthly unlimited car wash and seemed like a dang good deal.
$15/month for the deluxe drive through wash.  Did a great job.
The automatic wash was the nicest one I've ever seen.
Be careful though.
The dryers are VERY powerful!

This was my first visit to this location.
Really probably 1.5 stars but I round up.
I drove in and was approached by the attendant immediately (so far so good) and requested the Supreme wash.
They took the car and I went inside.
The car made it into the wash very quickly---probably too quickly because when I picked up the car the vacuum was not very thorough.
After the car came out they pulled it over to the side because there were no attendants available to dry it and do windows.
The car sat there for a full 5 minutes before anyone touched it.
What bothered me about this was that there had to be at least 5 employees standing by the entrance to the car wash-- with no customers pulling in.
Could 1 or 2 of them helped to service the people who had already paid??
Finally 2 employees get to my car to finish the cleaning.
After a couple of minutes they both just walk away-- no signal or call out that the car is ready.
So I walk over to ask and they tell me that it is ready to go.
That's fine but they didn't even wipe the chalk instructions they wrote off of the passenger window (which I had to request).
Regarding the quality of the cleaning, it was poor.
Like I mentioned earlier the vacuum job was not thorough, there were still pieces of hard dirt on the finish and the windshield still had a white film in the corners which were apparently missed.
I would not go back there.

I love the express lane here.
You're in and out less $6 and your car is a shiny, pretty thing again!
It's easy to get in and out, they give you a nice sized wet rag to wipe down your dash and the people are super nice.
They stand and take your card and swipe it, they tell you when to pull in, they tell you when to go and when to pull out.
It's really a nice set up.
I like it, I come by whenever I'm on this side of town!

By far the best car wash in town.
I have never had a disappointing experience here.
Car always looks great and the staff is friendly.
Since I've moved to the other side of town I don't go as often as I used to but when I'm over there I always stop by.

Great service!
Great staff !
Professional wash for a excellent price.
It's hard to find a car wash now days that actually cares.
This one does.
Looking to get my ride detailed here as well real soon.

Too much up selling.
Kids in blue shirts work slow and lazy.
While waiting for them to finally finish my car they were called away 3 times to fix problems on other cars.
Luckily a burgundy shirt gentlemen stepped in to finish.
Place not crowded but 40 min visit.

Not impressed at all.
Sat there and watched as 2 employees lazily finished one car and 2 others stood around shooting the breeze and playing around on their phone.
I wouldn't mind the wait if they did a good job, which they did not.
Wash I purchased: Full Service, Works ($19.99)  Exterior: Body was relatively clean a few water spots.
Tires and plastic were clean.
Glass was clean with exception of the windshield, which still had bug residue.
Interior: Vacuum was done well.
Glass was clean except windshield, which had wipe marks and corners looked like they weren't touched.
The rest of the interior looked barely touched.
They did not do a very good job at dusting the dash and console, looks more like a 6 year old did it.
Overall: I would say they did a poor job and I would not go back there.

Cobblestone saved the day.
Me and my wife went to Danny's carwash today for an oil change and wash and was given such a line of garbage and lies we packed up and left before it started.
horrible people and now our morning started horrible.
We decided to go to Cobblestone which was over 9 miles away.
the second we got got and pulled in we knew everything changed.
the service from the second we rolled down the window was pleasant and honest.
no trying to up charge us just friendly helpful and actually funny.
Inside the place was fun and lots of stuff for kids.
More stuff in a smaller footprint with great value.
We will never go anywhere else!

Never a bad time to come!
The wash is always done extremely well!
The customer seevice is amazing!
Clean establishment with wonderful service to my car!
I also like that they fixed my rock chipped window and gave me a 30 day fast pass!
woot woot

Went in for an oil change and "free" car wash, and was not impressed.
The gentleman that helped me with my oil change was quiet, difficult to hear in the noisy car bay, and he was constantly trying to up sell me on EVERYTHING.
Not to mention, when I asked how much an oil change is, he said "$35 for oil change and car wash".
I said okay, then he asked what type of oil I wanted.
Now, granted, I'm not a mechanic and I know my car has high mileage but I didn't know if he was asking for a brand, regular or synthetic....I had to pry options out of him.
Very quiet options, mind you.
I asked for high mileage and without notifying me, it actually wasn't $35...it's $55.
I'm not an unreasonable person.
I know it probably costs more...but at least tell me the new price.
Then again, maybe he did and I just couldn't hear him.
Employee- "what kind of car wash do you want?
" Me- "....well, what kind do you have?
"  Employee- "there's a poster on the outside of the car bay over there"  Employee- "what kind of air freshener do you want?
"  Me- (again) "... Well, what kind do you have?
" Annoying.
Give your customers options before they have to coax them out of you.
To top it off, there's a charge for my bottom-of-the-line-car-wash weighing in at $3.
Really?
So my "$35 oil change and wash" became a $55 oil change and $3 car wash, with tax...costing me $60.
I'll change my oil myself next time.

100% Customer Satisfaction!
This is my first time using Cobblestone Auto Spa.
The staff was very courteous and helpful.
I requested the Top Tier Wash $40.
Once my truck was finished being detailed there were a few minor things that needed to be cleaned up and I thought no big deal....However, once I arrived home I noticed dust on my center console, mirrors not cleaned, water spots and a few minor details missed.
I am not one to complain but for $40 dollars, I don't want to have to clean my own truck after it was just done.
I know most people are reading this and are trying to figure out why I gave them 5 stars.
Well I went back and spoke to Fernando at the front desk.
He went thru all the items that were included in the Top Tier Wash and noticed that many things that were supposed to be done were not.
He immediately went and got his Manager Joe Earlie.
Joe asked if I could explain what issues I had with the wash and show him on the vehicle.
Joe didn't make any excuses and said "I know it is the little things that make the difference".
He made sure entire vehicle was cleaned and when the extra mile to clean my floor mats.
Oh BTW..Joe Earlie personally cleaned the interior/exterior of my truck, he didn't just make his employee's redo what they missed.
Joe's commitment to customer satisfaction is what makes a company excel and keeps customer's returning.
I can't say enough about Joe Earlie's work ethics He is a GO GETTER, and has the customers best interest in mind.
I will be a repeat customer.
Joe thanks for making it right!

I have gone to this carwash twice in the few months they have been opened.
Both times I have been helped by the same customer service representative who relentlessly tried to up-sell me.
On both occasions, when I declined, he acted angry and put out, but insisted that I was angry at him (which I wasn't).
On my most recent experience, he actually said he would have to get someone else to write up my ticket because he couldn't help me.
No one else came to help and eventually the same representative came back and started arguing with me again!
I wish I could have gotten my car out of the drive bay, I would have left right then, but there were several cars behind me.
The actual wash and dry were fine and completed in a timely manner but I will not be returning to this carwash and can't recommend it to anyone else.

