The owners of El Zocalo in Chandler have ventured out of the suburbs to open up Mejico, a mid-priced Mexican restaurant located in the old Linda's on Osborn location (Osborn at 24th Street).
Regarding the interior, it's night and day from what it used to be.
Owner Abed designed it, and it's gorgeous.
They built a stunning bar that features more bottles of tequila than any ASU student could hope to contend with on any given Saturday night.
Co-owner (and Abed's wife) Pam was there to introduce herself alongside Jason, the bartender.
Both were extremely nice and welcoming.
Pam said that I was their first takeout order ever, and for that she threw in some free (homemade) chips and fresh guacamole and a slice of flan.
The chips and guac almost ruined my dinner, because I polished off the whole thing before getting started on my main course.
I ordered the Enchiladas De Camaron ($16), which is grilled shrimp enchiladas served with green tomatillo sauce, and rice and beans served on the side.
They don't skimp on the shrimp at Mejico -- each enchilada was packed with four or five huge, succulent, and tender shrimp.
The tomatillo sauce was light and fresh -- it let the shrimp be the star of the dish.
The rice was some of the lightest rice I have had from a Mexican restaurant.
It complimented my meal perfectly.
You get your choice of black beans or pinto beans -- I chose the latter and am glad I did.
A little smoky, the beans were fantastic.
I'd go back just for a side of pinto beans.
All in all, a fantastic experience from start to finish.
Next time, I'll eat there.
It's the perfect place to take a date for an intimate meal, and if the rest of the menu is anything like the Enchiladas de Camaron, I'll probably become a regular.
Note: They don't have a website yet, but the owners stated that it would be up and running soon.

Nice Mexican restaurant, fresh and new.
Dinners run on the upper end of the price scale, $16 to $20 something per plate, chips and salsa not included or if they are, we were not offered any.
Wait staff were friendly and everything looked clean.
I tried the shrimp enchiladas ($16) they came with rice and you choice of pinto or black beans; they were full of large shrimp and seasoned perfectly.
Mejico is a nice addition to the neighborhood.

Just had dinner at Mejico and was very pleased by what we had.
I had the Ahi Tuna Tacos.
They had the perfect balance of spice, freshness and acidity.
We would definitely go back.
As for the place being pricey, you have to know what you are going for.
Binks is across the street and the area is very up and coming.
So I'm not surprised by the little higher price tag.
Was well worth it.
If you have a choice between Mejico and Taco Guild, pick Mejico.
We were definitely underwhelmed by Taco Guild.
Cheers!

Queso is sooooo tasty, along with the house made chips.
I also had the Pollo Relleno and it was just like my abuelas!
All together it was an amazing experience and would definitely make another visit.
Great service, great food and great times!

All in all not a bad place for lunch.
The food was good but not excellent in my opinion.
I had the Chile Verde burrito and although it was good I think the cilantro and onions overpowered the flavor of the the green chile.

The wife and I had the pleasure to dine in at Mejico this evening and we absolutely love it.
Even thought there were a few little hick-ups with our order the staff did everything to make us feel at home.
We loved the food, from the chips and salsa (very unique) to the main course (the Diabla Shrimps and Rellno Cheese)  plus the desert (Flan).
I almost forgot to mention the awesome Margaritas Mejico serves...yum :) This is a diamond in the rough, so make sure you visit before the place gets packed.
I recommend this place highly and looking forward to our next visit.
Thank you Logan for your friendly service.

Ambiance: The owners have spent a ton of money on gutting this place and making it feel authentic, charming, and comfortable.
All the tables have tablecloths and candles and the lighting, artwork, whitewashed walls, and tiles make this a cozy Mexican restaurant.
Food: This was probably the best chile verde (green chile pork) dish that I have ever had.
Instead of being oily like at other places, it was creamy and the pork was very tender.
The carne asada was perfectly grilled.
Paired with a refreshing and crisp salad and the sides of spanish rice and beans all made for nice stuffed corn tortillas.
The appetizer of queso fundido was not what I expected (usually this is a large dish with melted stringy cheese), as it was a small cup of very creamy cheese sprinkle with chorizo.
I guess my only suggestion would be to make the portions bigger to replace the small cups of guacamole and salsa that came with the dishes, but I am sure if you asked for more, they would provide it.
Instead of huge messy plates of tons of food like you get elsewhere, here you get high quality ingredients presented in a clean and meticulous format.
I definitely didn't leave hungry.
Service: The 2 gentlemen working were very forthcoming and welcoming.
Our server, who came from their Chandler location, was obviously very knowledgeable of the food and was very efficient and friendly.
The bartender was nice enough to get us to try new drinks, which were amazing and I would never have thought to order them without him doing this.
We also met the chef/owner who is a great guy who loves simple, high quality food from family recipes.
The bar area looks like a quaint fun place to hang out during happy hour and it looks like they will have a patio soon.
We'll be back for sure!

I had read about Mejico on the Chow Bella blog.
I decided to give it a try.
The menu is fairly small, but the overall the selection was good.
There were four of us.
We started with Shrimp Ceviche and Chips & Salsa.
Both were very good.
The Ceviche had just the right amount of citrus bite to it.
The salsa had a good amount of heat without being overpowering.
For dinner we had:  Chili Verde Enchiladas de Rez Backyard Carne Asada Relleno de Pollo  All very well done.
I did think that the black beans were pretty limited on flavor.
They bordered on the bland side.
In the end, the food was good.
It was the prices that really limit my review here.
With tip our bill was ~$125.
Just seems expensive for 2 appetizers and 4 entrees.
No drinks - just water.
N*joy...

This place has the best happy hour.
$1 street tacos, $5 skinny margaritas, and $2 chips and salsa.
Also, during regular hours the margaritas are all fresh squeezed lime juice, great tequila, and fresh ingredients.
The owner Obed takes great pride in his new place.
I'm excited to have a new place within walking distance to our our house.

Simple menu with fresh well planned ingredients.
Chips and salsa are amazing.
Try one of the margaritas with an entree .
Dining room is clean, simple and authentic.
Service has been nothing but excellent.

We live in the area and have an easy walk to Mejico.
I wanted to follow an earlier reviewer's advice about a great happy hour (Christine) but unfortunately we were extremely disappointed.
We arrived on a Friday afternoon about 4 PM, on a night when Bink's across the street was closed for a private party.
Mejico looked nice, we liked the vibe.
But man, this is not a Happy Hour.
This is a Sad Hour.
What's so special about really, really miniature street tacos or a $3 cheese quesadilla that is so small it is literally only three small bites?
Happy Hour is, for us, a time to experience a new place -- to get a feel for the ambiance, the menu items and so forth.
For example, go to Happy Hour at Beckett's Table and you get a feel for their menu and their flavors.
At Mejico, they take a tiny 6" flour tortilla, put a tiny amount of cheese in it and roll it over.
It was a ripoff, and I don't say that lightly because anything you get for $3 has got to be small (so assume this is REALLY small).
The special happy hour margarita was just a much smaller version of their real margarita, and so forth.
Basically, we'll never go back and the owner lost out on the opportunity to get a new set of regulars.
All you have to do is treat happy hour as if it is special -- and give a warm welcome.
In this case, the smell of pot wafting into the front of the house from the kitchen and the glazed look on the two waiters faces was a bit much.
When one of them asked how we enjoyed the food and we told them what a bad value it was, he simply smiled and walked away.
This place is s short-timer, and thats a shame because mid-town is a potentially cool area and the owner spent some money on the inside.

The remodel they did to the building is very nice.
It is cozy and cute inside.
The service was friendly and attentive.
My wife got a margarita and it was fantastic, fresh made from scratch.
I got the beef enchiladas and they were delicious.
My wife got the green chili and it was top notch as well.
Overall, the fare was fresher and more interesting than a typical Mexican restaurant.
We loved the food but we probably won't be going back much.
It was just too expensive for what you get.
The margarita was $13.
Our bill came to just over $70 for 2 entries and 2 drinks.
There are a lot of alternatives in the area that are significantly less.
They need a few lower priced (under $10) items on the menu.
They charged $4 for chips and salsa.
it's too bad they priced the food one tier above what they deliver.
It was a great experience otherwise.
My review is one star lower as a result.

Was really looking forward to having a new neighborhood go-to but overall left underwhelmed.
There is so much potential in this place which the restaurant does not (yet) live up to.
I recently dined with my family; we started off with drinks, two orders of guac and an order of street tacos.
Not sure if there was any EtOH in my margarita and the pour of my mom's wine glass was rather insulting; they did accommodate and pour her a bigger glass when asked.
The food is okay, nothing to write home about.
I had the chicken mole which had a strong peanut butter flavor I wasn't expecting; the rice and beans to accompany your entree are rather bland.
Mejico, you're over-priced for the food and for the neighborhood.
$22 for a relleno with no more than a few shrimp, beans and rice?
Knock a few dollars off your entrees and you'll draw a bigger crowd.

We had a really good meal here.
I had the Shrimp Rellenos and my husband had the chicken enchiladas.
Both were very good.
The actual restaurant was really quaint and inviting.
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was for two reasons.
First,  the guacamole appetizer was tiny....I mean really small.
It could easily be fixed by upsizing to a small bowl.
Second, the prices were a tad high.
I would pay $13-$17 for items...but pushing $23 is a bit high.
The saving grace on price would be happy hour...$1 street tacos and $3 cheese quesadillas are a steal.
Overall, great food..but pricey.

Warning!
I'm writing this and currently in a food coma.
Do you ever want to eat mexican food without that's not wrapped in paper?
Or that you don't have to worry if the cook washed his hands?
Or that you can use the bathroom?
Well my friend..my problem solved.
This place is cute and clean!
Even better than that the food is FABULOUS!
I had the queso.
Very good.
Chorizo was cooked perfectly.
Carne asada for my entree with pinto beans.
Amazing.
I asked for hot salsa and they roasted and chopped up a jalapeño that gave my guest the hiccups.
It made my nose run.
Rice was fantastic.
The streets tacos are great and so is the shrimp cocktail.
Service was wonderful!
I had to flan to tip my food coma over.
Or maybe I'm pregnant with a food baby.
Or lord..the flan was a must!
Two things I wish they would change.
The micheladas is just very plain go buy some lime salt and chili lime salt, squeeze me 1/4 cup of lime juice and 1/4 cup of clamato in a glass..now that's a good drink.
The red chili says spicy.
It's good but not spicy.
I like it HOT.
Tired of the people who think ketchup is hot.
But mexican food is not supposed to be hot always..
Yelpers!!!!
Come check it out!
HH is a great deal

