The new Cargo Coffee location is a wonderful addition to the near East side.
It retains all the positive attributes of their Park Street location (friendly service, bold roasts, geographic theme) in a new vibrant setting.
In addition to their flavorful bold, aromatic coffees, this location offers pastries, a small lunch menu, wine and beer.
The location offers a variety of seating options.
You can socialize with friends sitting in the comfy chairs and sofa in the entry area with high ceilings and illuminated with natural light from two story glass windows.
If you need to turn out a project, grab an Atomic Roast and head over to the dimly lit upper deck area.
Things I liked: * Free, fast wi-fi.
Even though the place was packed with an army of laptop-toting students, the performance of my wi-fi connection did not suffer.
* Drive through window * The pleasant, efficient staff thoroughly explained the different blends offered that day to this appreciative first time visitor.
* Free parking in the entire first floor of the parking garage (enter on Livingston Ave) * The loyalty punch card works also works at the other Cargo Coffee location on Park and Ground Zero on Willy Street.
Ten punches gets you a free drink.
Things I didn't: * A small quibble, but I would like to see more sofas and comfy chairs.
The availability of free parking on the near east side will definitely make Cargo Coffee East a location I frequent often.

Yay!!!
A coffee shop right below my building!
Pros: It's downstairs.
I can literally roll out of bed, down the stairs, and into the coffee shop.
It's got a drive through!!
Perfect for days like these!
(aka subzero temperatures with wind chills that don't even make sense).
Free wi-fi!
Everything is better free.
Fact.
Cons: The interior is kind of cold.
Not cold in the physical sense, but cold in the this-place-is-kind-of-depressing sense.
I realize the direction of the coffee shop doesn't really bring in much sunlight, which would definitely liven this place up.
I suggest having more lamps (maybe have a few torchiere floor lamps by the corners to add some general lighting).
Otherwise, their selection of drinks is pretty standard, and the service is efficient and fast.

Finally tried the cafe in my building!!
I like it better than ground zero because of the space!
It's huge.
Has a spacious downstairs and I haven't been upstairs but it looks spacious up there too.
I really really really love the map decor on the wall....  II tried the coffee, iced americano, and sweetened green tea.
and I tried the bear claw and the morning bun (both really good!
not sure if they bake in house or bring it from elsewhere) Honestly... the drinks are not SUPER special (I feel the same way about Ground Zero) but it's good.
Most of the chairs don't have cushion, but it's fine.
I still manage to sit on those chairs for hours.
Extra points for space and environment.
AND DRIVE THROUGH IS AWESOME.
There is a parking garage and lots of street parking... but you also have to battle for spots with people who live in the building haha

Very good coffee shop.
I came in today to get a little work done without the distractions at home, and was pleasantly surprised with the layout.
Lots of space to sit, many tables with two seats plus a handful of big ones if you're here with a group.
The second floor / mezzanine is especially a nice touch.
The coffee is good enough to want a second cup.
I will certainly be back.

LOVE.
JUST.
LOVE.
Spacious.
OUTLETS GALORE.
Super friendly staff.
Comfy seating perfect for gettin' werk done.
Did I mention the vegan baked goods?
Gigantic painting of the Soviet Union (I feel at home).
(JK).
(Kind of).

Oooooooooooo la la!
Aren't you fancy Cargo East aka Other Ground Zero.
I like what you're doing here, and I'll be miserable when everyone discovers how easy it is to park, how lovely it is to order, and how kind my barista was to march my Americano up the stairs.
There are outlets EVERYWHERE!
And a range of seating options.
You'll be just as comfortable in a huge group as I was with one other person.
The drive through situation is pretty rad too, is there another good East Wash drive though I don't about?
Pull into the covered parking from Livingston, which is perfect for snowy or rainy days.

Outlets.
So many freaking outlets!
I love Ground Zero, but the space is not very conducive to doing group work with computers.
I need to power all my crap.
Piles of it.
And Cargo cares about my crap.
So, Cargo Coffee East is the place for me.
Also, the coffee is good or whatever.
Is that what people do here?
Drink coffee?

Once again, I find myself teetering between 2-3 stars... Met a group of Yelpers here to slog through the #PizzaBracket pairings on 3/11/14.
Arrived promptly at 7:00pm.
+ Great space - very modern, yet cozy and comfy + TONS of outlets - a bonus for a coffee shop + Menu looked interesting, albeit quite limited + Jasmine green tea was quite tasty + Coffee was good - $0.75 refills?
+ Fairly quiet and easy to converse with our group + Well lit; appropriate for time of day  - Wrap was meh.
I got the "full pallet," which was supposed to come on a garlic herb wrap; instead it was on a plain wrap.
Tasted primarily of cheese - I suspect the inclusion of two fairly robust cheeses overpowered the rest of the wrap.
- The pickle was literally neon green; we all looked at it and agreed it probably wasn't very "natural" - I ventured a guess that it was a Vlassic pickle - it had that look/feel to it  - The chicken tortilla soup contained exactly 0.0 pieces of chicken and 0.0 pieces of tortilla.
It did, however contain hundreds of beans and a few kernels of corn.
It had a decent flavor, but I wish I would've known I was ordering bean and corn soup.
+ Pricing was fair - two drinks, the wrap, and soup came to $10-ish.
+ Staff was decent + Restrooms were clean and nice  I think the food threw me off... had I been there only for coffee, it would've been a better overall experience.

Love the open and sunny space.
I am not a coffee drinker, but their tea selection is fairly good (though their choice of quality green teas is limited).
I usually have the ginger tea..

My daily drive through experience: - Exchange witty banter with the  barista at the window :) - Order, "the usual" - Check in on yelp!
- Get my Cargo Coffee Card punched.
I'm almost to my next free drink!
- Pull forward to the next window - Receive and drive away with delicious, 3-shot Americano - Pat myself on the back for not ordering 1000 carbs of moist, delicious, chocolate chip pumpkin bread  Other things I could probably do while in the drive through if I was so inclined: - Log onto the reliable wifi network - Probably plug something into an electrical outlet.
I wouldn't be surprised if they had one in the drive through window.

Was looking for a new coffee spot to check out on Saturday, and stopped in at Cargo.
It was okay.
The place is certainly nice bright and spacious.
There are plenty of seating options and some nice cozy areas.
There is a nice large table towards the back for larger groups.
The coffee was fine, but my chai was only okay.
A little too milky and not enough chai flavor for me personally.
The bear claw was really good.
I passed on the food, because the low prices made me question how good the quality would be.
The staff all seemed nice, but the lady who took my order (a little older with bottle blonde hair and glasses) was slow and seemed confused.
Perhaps she is new?
The atmosphere there isn't really my thing.
The crowd was a little too snobby/hipster.
Maybe I'll check it out again, but I won't rush back.
Plenty of better coffee shops in town.
If you want a stellar coffee shop experience, try Lakeside Street Coffee House.

The decor is great at all the Cargo Coffee shops.
The staff is nice.
I have only had a breakfast sweet roll to eat.
I've had the tea and it's very good.

Good coffee, thoughtful and nice baristas, and good food.
The design of the shop, too, if you're any kind of design nerd, is pretty thoughtful.

The spacious and thoughtfully decorated interior, easy parking, and central-ish location makes Cargo Coffee East a no-brainer spot for productive weekend working sessions.
The chai chiller was tasty and icey, if a tad pricey.
The time I ordered an iced mocha it was really clumpy, but strangely this made it more delicious.
Undissolved mocha powder came up like little pockets of sweet surprises in every sip.
For a more standard go-to, I'd opt for one of their hot and crema-y Americanos, and I'd probably skip the pastry case.
I really like the eclectic mix of furniture, which gives you options in case you want to bench it or lounge it.
While the metal adds a nice industrial touch, watch out for the vampire chairs that will suck the heat from your body -- unless you're into that sort of thing.
Service may be a little confusing if you're used to optimized, cookie cutter delivery, or if you're the type of person who feels anxious in new spaces.
A surly looking bearded man may politely walk your drink out to you, or you might have someone shout your drink from the counter when it's like zero people busy, or you might ask for water and they pour you a glass even though there's self-serve water by the bussing station.
Oops...but thanks!

