Great restaurant that not many people know about.
Worth the drive.
Cool owner with great prices.
Can't beat it.
As good as roscoes in LA.

Room For Improvement  Went to Sunny's Chicken and Fish Tuesday for a late lunch hoping service would be fast enough for me to catch the begin of the second half of Chelsea and West Bromich.
I was so hungry for a big lunch and something with some spices, the Pulled Chicken and Waffles with Honey BBQ wonderful the Waffle was satisfactory and and the pulled chicken was white meat chopped up.
Wonderful idea for a restaurant being dead center of Lamb from Charleston and Sahara and the menu is very apropos for the community and with a menu that gives the chef Sunny a chance to more than satisfy the choosiest com-padre.

Excellent value!
Excellent fried chicken!
Fat rendered, skin crispy, well seasoned and cooked to order.
Sunny took my order and sold me with his personality.
I ordered the 12 Piece mixed, gizzards and fries for under 21$.
F the colonel, F Popeye.
This is where I buy chicken take out for my family from here on out.
Can't wait to try sunnys breaded wings.
Oh yea!
Did I mention how clean his restaurant is?

CHICKEN AND FISH IS IN THE TITLE, YOU GOT ME THE DOOR WITH THAT ALONE!
Sunny in the back cooking my chicken, a second plus.
Albertson's potato salad, ok there's your first negative.
What else you got?
So a good friend and foodie told me and my boyfriend about a new east side spot that has chicken and waffles.
He really didn't need to say more, we were in.
Then I seen a 2pc chicken and waffle for under $4.
WHAT IS THE CATCH?
Sunny's is a cool addition to the east side with some solid fried chicken.
I think there are still pretty new and have potential to be way more than what they are now.
The sides like cole slaw, beans, and potato salad are store bought.
But the batter on the chicken makes up for it.
The waffle was decent as well.
The hot sauce, not spicy.
My biggest complaint is the décor and smell.
I know you are a new place but clean it up a bit.
It smelled like urine or cleaning supplies trying to cover up a bad smell.
I agree with all the other reviews, room for improvement, great value, decent food, and I am excited to see what's to come.

Chicken is super good, and the wings are delicious.
The fries are perfectly seasoned and the staff is friendly.
It's just a bit of a wait at times.

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(95/100) "Iraqi Style With A Bit Of Soul"  With the sad closing of Kathy's(AGAIN!
) It left a huge hole in my fried chicken heart...:( I saw pictures from Ty W. and immediately bookmarked this place.
Not in the nicest part of town, but some pretty tasty bites can be found here!
Sunny and his wife are an Iraqi couple busting out their version of Soul Food in the Sunrise area of Las Vegas, and seems like they're doing pretty well.
We were jonezing for some fried chicken, so I went straight for the 2-piece Chicken and Waffles($3.59),  Wifey Got the 2-piece snack($3.99) which comes with a roll and fries.
We also spied some fried chicken livers($3.29) so we tried those as well.
We didn't try any sides, but judging from Dyanna L.'s Review, I don't think their sides are made in house.
The chicken and livers are pretty tasty and the waffle is made fresh(Syrup is standard Log Cabin , HFC stuff), so those are pretty solid selections if you do decide to give Sunny's a go.
The seasoning on the chicken(same on the fries too, I think) may throw people off, and times be a little salty, and the bare bones place could use a solid cleaning, but people keep coming in and getting wings and chicken by the container full to go, and the price point here is not bad at all.
In the meantime in between time, I'll keep searching, maybe return for some wings or gizzards!...
:9  ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu  3.75  *Good service, tasty birds, and prices are a steal, but place could be cleaner...

Amazing is all I can say!
Food quality and price are unbeatable!
A must eat place if you are in the area!

Me and the wifey always drove by this place so we finally decided to check it out on the way home.
Every time we drove by we always said the same thing.
"Sunny's Chicken and Fish?
Sounds good but the place looks kind of shady".
Well folks, let me be the first one to tell you that it's not shady at all.
We stopped by around 6:30 for dinner and never felt any safer.
It's really not a shady place.
Now to the important stuff.
All I gotta say is get the Fried Catfish plus the Chicken n Waffles no matter what.
The Catfish ($5.99) has two options.
Southern, which is basically cajun, and Beer Battered.
Both are very good.
The cajun style has a cornmeal/pepper spice to it while the beer battered option gives you the crispy coating with good flavor.
Comes with fries which is also decent.
I love both options because when you bite into either one, you can taste the flavor of the catfish and you can tell that it was freshly seasoned or battered right before getting dumped in the fryer.
The freshness of the fish is evident in every bite.
I know some places you might get that sandy, bottom of the ocean taste but here its non existent.
The Chicken n Waffles ($3.99).
OMG.
I dont know what it is exactly what it is that coats the chicken but damn, I could eat that by itself.
While I was savoring that, I almost forgot that there was a waffle that came with it.
By the end of the meal, it didnt matter what I was dipping in the syrup, it all tasted good put together.
Oh, you also get some hot sauce too just in case the syrup is not your thing or if its simply not enough.
As for the comments on this place being not too attractive, I compare it to that nice, quiet, nerd type librarian with glasses and the hair tied up.
Once you get to know them and they open up to you, they are actually very attractive with their rich personality.
You know what they say.
It's always the quiet ones that surprise you.
Some random info.
They take cards.
There's no bathroom.
At least there is a nice sink for you to wash your hands with after you are done licking your fingers from all the flavor.
So in closing, always have an open mind in trying things out for the first time especially when something seems sketchy.
This place is a diamond in the rough, hole in the wall, etc.
Whatever cliche you want, it fits.
Will be back with lots of other people.
As a matter of fact, I ordered more food to take home to my family and they loved it!
Memo to Roscoe.
You got some serious competition.
Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #114 "Dont waffle on this place!

The food is good, service not so much.
I came in last night.
I ordered an 8 piece hot fingers with fries and two two piece plain fingers with fries.
When my order was ready the owner's wife only gave me three cups of ranch for 12 fingers total 4 of which they didn't use any of their sauce on.
I asked for one more ranch and two barbecues.
I was told I have to pay for extra dipping sauces.
After some bickering I finally received the sauces and drove home.
When I arrived home I discovered my 8 piece hot was missing 2 fingers.
I drove back to Sunny's and informed them of what happened.
This time Sunny looked at me like I ate two of the fingers before my return.
I asked could I get some type of compensation for having to take my time to return because of their mistake.
He told me I could get two more fingers or my money back.
He made a point to let me know I was not gonna take advantage of him.
I thought that was unprofessional.
They took advantage of me when they shorted me two fingers.

I found this place thanks to Yelp!
My husband and I wanted to go to a place with my Dad and it needed to be on his side of town.
When I read the reviews, I knew we would love this place and I was right!
I ordered the Southern Fish with fries and Joel ordered the Chicken and Waffles.
We both shared some chili cheese fries as well.
The prices are great.
For both of us, with drinks, it came out to under $20.
My Dad ordered the same as me and spent under $6.
You get several pieces of fish and the cornmeal breading is so full of flavor.
I thought mine was great, but Joel's chicken... Wow!
I wanted to rip it away from him.
I wanted to order more chicken just for myself, but I was so full from the fish!
His waffle was cooked crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.
Now let's talk about those chili cheese fries.
They came in a large to go container smothered in chili and cheese!
What more could you ask for!
YUMMY!
The only down side is that there is no bathroom, but they do have a sink so you can wash all the tasty goodness off in.
Also, be prepared to wait 'cause they cook everything to order.
Which is totally fine in my book!
Yes, Sunny's, I will for sure be back for lots and lots of chicken!!
What a great gem to have found!
Thanks Yelp!
You rock!

Great new place for fast soul food!
Stopped by for the 1st time today and tried a 4 piece mix which came with a leg, thigh, wing and breast.
The chicken was juicy and well seasoned but comes out super hot and fresh so be careful so you don't burn yourself!
I'm assuming everything is made to order since the food takes a little while but nothing wrong with that!
The food here is dirt cheap and my 4 piece was only $4.99!
Will have to try the $3.59 chicken and waffles next time!
Not sure what kind of seasoning and hot sauce they use but it's tasty!
Will definitely be coming back!

My husband discovered this place and he made me try it.
They have the BEST chicken and waffles.
You may see the building and think this place looks suspect but they have great food and customer service.
We place our order ahead and no wait.

Drove by this place a few times.
Finally decided to yelp it and after reading all of the reviews I stopped in.
I ordered the southern fried fish and fries and it was pretty good.
The BF had wings and fries.
Food is good and prices are decent.

Had their blazin hot wings and they are bomb!

