Body Spa West is a fantastic one-stop facility for all your well-being and beauty needs!
From hairstylists, to massage therapy, to make-up artists and lessons, to extensive facial care, Body Spa West houses numerous top-notch options in each category under one roof.
What I love about it is that, while it is a large space, the owner has taken great care to create private spaces for each service so that you have the convenience of multiple services under one roof with the ambience of a small spa.
The varied décor is a salute to art and one leaves the spa nurtured on multiple levels.

I am SO GLAD I found Jessica McCandles at Body Spa West...she is an amazing Colorist/ ColorExpert/ Instructor!!!
I found her through Groupon, and I won't trust my hair to anyone else.
Her prices are great and she's really personable and gives great advice.
She never lets me exceed the limits on my hair and always recommends products that are AFFORDABLE.
She is knowledgeable and VERY SKILLFUL... She took be from dark brown to a NATURAL LOOKING BLOND...
Anyone that has seen my old photos are surprised that my hair isn't natural!!!
LOL  She will give you the BEST rates in town...and give you the BEST service in town on top of that... Jessica is AMAZING

I met Jessica McCandles through a GroupOn approximately 2 years ago and I am so glad I did!
Jessica is an expert on color, high/low/lights, haircuts, technique, style and deep conditioning treatments.
She is an amazing artist and is also a color instructor who travels the U.S. teaching and inspiring other stylists.
She is very friendly and has a sweet personality - I always leave feeling happy, positive and beautiful!
I have enjoyed all of the affordable products and styling advice she has recommended - she is very knowledgeable.
Jessica offers a relaxing and peaceful salon experience.
She truly listens and understands what concept, color, style or image that is my goal.
I highly recommend Jessica and I always look forward to my next appointment with her!

