Awesome experience, very pleasantly surprised!!!
Everything I tried was incredible, even the things I was not sure I would like and the prices are extremely reasonable and the portions are generous.
Highly recommended :-)

First time eating at a middle eastern restaurant.
Gyro and samosa aren't limited to Greek and Indian cuisine, respectively.
Great place for lunch if you are looking for smaller portions.
Definitely bringing my friends one day.

Tried this place for the first time.
I got the beef kabob with brown rice and naan and my boyfriend got the lamb with spinach rice and the salad bar.
Both dishes were delicious!
The beef kabob was tender and juicy with a full flavor.
Loved the green sauce that came with it.
It was spicy but fresh.
The lamb definitely tasted like lamb unlike some other places that over season the meat and mask its original flavor.
The salad bar had many different toppings with even pickled vegetables like brusslesprouts, garlic and carrots.
I didn't see the $20 for $25 deal until after we already paid but the owner was so awesome he gave us a large slice of baklava  on the house.
The baklava tasted homemade and fresh.
Just the perfect sweetness to hit the spot.
The owner also brought out a savory dumpling dish for us to try which was like ravioli.
Such a great guy!
I wish this place well.
They are off to a great start!
Had to update my review.
I called in a order for pick up and this girl on the phone was so rude and dumb.
I met her in person and she was even worse!
She has to go!!

I tried this restaurant out for the first time this evening and was very pleased with what I had.
I ordered a soup, an appetizer and an entree and everything was very flavorful and cooked very well- without too many spices to overdo the flavor of the main course,  or to confuse the name of the dish by killing it with too many seasonings.
The two ways that Middle Eastern, Thai, Indian, etc.
food can be spoiled in my humble opinion are by over cooking the food until the vegetables are a ghost of their former selves or by adding too much oil to where you can't feel your lips anymore and need plenty of napkins.
I experienced none of that here and the flavors were exceptional.
Even the vegetable samosas came out very tasty without being overly oily and everything I had just hit the spot.
I went in on a Sunday evening and it was slow, and the server even brought out a vegetarian dish for me to try on the house!
Lots of flavor and went well with the bread that comes with the entree, served nice and warm.
There also have a few stuffed naan bread options that look really interesting for when you're in that comfort food type of mood.
I'll definitely be going back again for sure :)

I had the lamb kabob with rice and my wife had the beef kabob.
Both were delicious and perfectly cooked.
The staff was very nice.
I am a transplant from the east coast and have yet to find decent meat on a stick here, especially lamb, but this took me back home.
It was really good and tasted authentic.
I would definitely recommend this place

I went here with my parents for dinner and got the group platter and chicken samosas.
We were stuffed and had plenty left to bring back home for the next day.
The staff were very friendly as well.

I miss ya baby.
You were exotic and exciting and mysterious.
You opened me to a whole new world.
And of course, I didn't appreciate you enough and didn't pay enough attention and one day you were gone and I was heartbroken, wondering what I was going to do next, which turned out to be pick another one up on the other side of the highway, and continue my passionate affair.
With Afghani food of course!
Had a nice lunch today at this Afghani restaurant that opened two weeks ago.
At the northeastern corner of Higley and Baseline, this space has been a revolving door of mediocre Indian buffets, but this restaurant I'm hoping is here to stay.
First impression, I'm not going to miss Ariana's, which was a short-lived Afghani restaurant on the other side of the 60.
Tastefully decorated with mainstream music playing not too loudly, was a spacious place for lunch.
There was a 20 top that was seated shortly before us, so can't judge service too much, as it was probably around 30 minutes before we got our food.
They proclaim proudly about a 72 hour marinade process and a custom made kebob grill thats supposed to be the bees knees.
With whatever you order you get a choice of different sides, amongst a salad bar, which although tiny had a nice assortment of add-ons, like chick peas, afghani pico, roasted red peppers, chutneys, and conventional stuff you'd expect as well.
Yummy times on the Lamb Kebobs!
The skewer was removed from the meat, so although it looks small it still packs quite a punch (twhs) and was quite a filling meal.
Tasty, lean lamby goodness, with a firm and satisfying mouthfeel!
The chutney was pretty tart, I liked it a lot, although I disagree with a previous comment about the spiciness.
The little cup of pico de gallo Afghani style (haha I'm sure theres an actual name but too lazy to look it up) was tasty.
Also I'm sure misnamed but the Tahini sauce was thinner then a greek one and more herbacious, quite delicious.
The spinach accented basmati rice was fine but not noteworthy.
My wife had their GRILLER- Tikka kabob, grilled onions, grilled vegetables and creamy house sauce, had a few bites and was quite tasty.
Their naan bread they used for the wrap is thicker and almost wheatier then anything I've had before, kinda neutral on it but worked as an acceptable conveyance of the deliciousness inside.
Has only been opened two weeks so will continue to explore what they offer, pretty wide assortment of items on their menu, with some vegetarian entrees for those so inclined.

Being extra generous but its a 3 for food quality at best but the owner was very quick to respond when they left items off my order.
Will give it one more  shot  soon, hope they serve beer or wine by then!

Wife and I tried this place last night for the 1st time.
I had the Lamb Kabob, with a side of Badenjan  Borani (eggplant).
My Wife had the Lamb Chops with a side of Borani Kadu (butternut squash) and both of us had some Naan.
We are huge fans of Mediterranean food and India food, this place was similar along those lines, basmati rice, tzatziki sauce.. you know.. all of that...soooooo  When you first walk up to the place it doesn't look like much from the outside.
From the inside the seating is spacious, decor is average, they have one flat screen T.V.
on the wall and they like to blast top 40 music.
It is very clean.
There weren't many people just my wife and I and about 3 other people for a 6pm Thursday night.
As you walk in you're corralled into a walk way area where there is a menu on the wall to chose your dishes.
You will place your order 1st and pay at that time then they will hand you a number and they will bring your food to you at your table.
Pepsi products here only.
The booth we sat in was super comfy and I kind of like that it wasn't super busy.
We had attentive service, but like I said just about a total of 5 people eating.
The two girls working seems like they needed something to do.
:)  The food.. was good.
My lamb was soft and the brown rice was nice, my Wife thought they may have put something in it as she thought it was very good compared to her white rice.
Her lamb chops were cooked just right and very good.
My eggplant was very slightly sweet and tasty, the butter squash my Wife had was slightly sweet and very good as well.
They have us plenty of naan so much we took it home.
I enjoyed the dinner and environment as well as the servers were nice.
There wasn't anything that WOW'd me so I'm not so inclined to give full stars.
Al together for 2 dinners I think we payed over $30 dollars, so not the cheapest place to eat.
I'm thinking the dollar amount could be slightly less for the amount of food, but no complaints.
I be back to try another item and maybe I'll give this place one more star, we'll see.. but I do recommend the place at least one time.

Good quality of food.
Reasonable prices.
Quick service.
Friendly server and a kind owner.
Who is up and running, making food and checking in at the customers all the time.
Authentic food.
The right ingredients for a successful restaurant.

I tried this out because I got a $20 groupon for $11 and am a sucker for fresh naan!
We tried a sampler of small plates of which the spinach somosas was the hands down best.
The beef kabob was flavorful  but over cooked and dry.
It's a new establishment and they have some kinks to work out but some of the favors are amazing.
...but a tad heavy on cilantro for me.

Delicious!!
I haven't had good Afghani food since I left NY.
My husband, who is an old school "meat and potatoes" guy, had the beef keemah kabob and loved it.
I had the chicken breast kabob and also loved it.
The servers were friendly and attentive, and the owner stopped by to see how our meal was going.
I will definitely be going back soon.

Great food.
Friendly.
Flexible.
I had the lamb and the special meatballs.
Oh, and the spinach qorma.
My brother made me try the chicken kebab.
I'm not usually a fan of chicken.
It was amazing.
All very tasty!

Okay... this place is amazazing!!
I love this kind of food to begin with, But Rania's is just awesome.
I went there for the first time on Tuesday of this week and I have been back every day for lunch!
The Naan bread is out of this world and cooked fresh in their clay pot oven when you order it.
We tried the appetizer sampler platter and everything was really good, especially the Spinach Samosa.
I've tried both the beef Keemah Kabob and the Chicken Breast Kabob and they'e great.
the Spinach Seasoned Rice is great too.
The owner and his staff were really nice to us and I just can't say enough good about this place!
Prices are very reasonable too.
You gotta try them out!

We tried Ranias tonight for dinner.
The food was really good love the brown rice also the jalepeno chutney Yummy.
I had the steak kabob and my husband has the pan fried fish both were very good, We shared a vegetarian mushroom dish liked the salad bar and the naan bread.
It's kind of a quiet place and didn't seem that busy.
Which is a shame because the food and service are good.

What a fantastic, delicious delight!
After seeing it post-workout at Fitness Works I decided to give it a try.
So glad that I did.
Will look forward to returning weekly.

Horrible service.
Took forever to serve the complete order.
Don't want to waste more time by writing a more elaborate review.

Pleasantly surprised at this place, wasn't sure what to expect.
Had the lamb and chicken kabobs with spinach rice.. Really good!
I stopped in to get this to go, service was quick and I didn't want long.
Spinach and cheese samosa are great too.
I'll definitely go back for more!

I love this place.
I've been here a few times and have only tried three menu options.
So far my favorite is the fried fish with spinach basmati rice but the chicken kabobs were tasty too.
Everything tastes so fresh!
I wish I could use the spicy cilantro jalapeño chutney as toothpaste.
The portions are huge as well.
Very clean and updated decor.
The servers are great and know the menu.
Jordyn was very helpful.
I hope the word gets out on this delicious jem.
It is officially a spot I plan to enjoy weekly.
Plus, they offer delivery!

This was our first and probably last visit.
We placed a takeout order with a teenage, blonde cashier who was "interesting"..to say the least.
My boyfriend asked for a lid to his to go cup and she asked him if he could be patient (in a sarcastic tone)-yikes!
Anyone who reads my reviews knows I'm big on service so that gets a 1 star in my book.
The food took forever and when we got home they forgot his bread and gave me a dry chicken salad with nothing more then lettuce, tomatoes, onions and cucumbers..deconstructed sandwich?
The portions were on the small side for the price.
Not impressed.

Ate their for the first time with a Groupon.
Had the special meatballs that we're good.
What amazed me was how delicious the rice an naan bread was.... Like I couldn't stop eating it.
I will absolutely go back again

Went to lunch here today and really enjoyed the visit and the food.
The restaurant is clean, well decorated, and the wait staff is very anxious to make sure you know all about the menu.
My companion is vegetarian and has had Afghani food before, so he quickly decided on the eggplant (Badenjan  Borani),  with lentil soup as an appetizer.
He was pleased with all the vegetarian options, though there are many choices for carnivores, too.
The meal comes with a delicious generous portion basmati rice with a sprinkling of shredded carrot and raisins, and a large portion of naan for each person.
I got mushroom quorma, with vegetable samosas as the appetizer.
I absolutely recommend this place and will return, for sure.
In fact, my friends and I are going there on Wednesday!

Great food, slow service.
We came here for lunch and were confused what to do because no one greeted us at the entrance.
Do we go to the counter and order?
Sit in a booth?
It was actually another table of people we recognized who told us we could sit at a table and wait for the waitress to come over.
So sit we did.
And we waited, and waited.
Eventually one person at our table managed to hail a staff member and let him know that we were on a tight schedule for lunch and needed to order ASAP.
We finally got some menus and were able to browse through the selections.
Along with kabobs, they also have various vegetarian and stew-like dishes.
I decided on the eggplant ($9.95).
When it came out, it was a heaping portion of veggie and rice.
The eggplant had a tender soft texture, with a savory tomato based sauce.
The rice was perfectly cooked, nicely seasoned, with some sweet carrot and raisin mixture on top.
Although service was slow, the staff did apologize profusely, saying that they were swamped for lunch that day.
I found that a bit odd since they were only a little less than half capacity when I looked around the restaurant.
I'd like to try Rania's again, but maybe when I'm not in such a time crunch for food.

Food was amazing they had 3 different kinds of rice..
The chicken and steak kabobs melt in your mouth and a small craft beer selection.
A local gem you have to try this place

Tried the beef mantu, chicken samosa, beef keemah kabob, chicken kabob!
So good.
The restaurant was clean & the staff was super friendly!

Delicious!!!
I tried this placed yesterday during lunch with a few of my friends.
We decided to family style everything in order to taste a little bit of everything on the menu.
We ordered 12 different dishes, and they were ALL great!!
My personal faves are the beef keemah kabob, and lamb chops.
Their house sauce is something outta a dream!
Please leave room for dessert and tea though, or you will be disappointed!!
My favorite dessert was the cream puff!

The place is clean, and plates are plentiful, the service is excellent and the Ashak plate is delicious!

Me and my parents went to Rania today and the food was great!!
My favorite food was the gyro and ashak.
But today there wasn't really any people in there except for three other people.
So it would be very helpful if you guys would recommend this place to a friend, so more people will come and try it.
:-)

I bought a gift card for Groupon for this restaurant $15 what's the cost for $30 worth of food thought that was a great deal until after I finished the purchase and it said I could only use 10 dollars at a time it did not tell you this until after you confirm your purchase very dishonest when I asked the owner if I could use them.
anyway that I was from out of town and would not be able to come back he said no so I got up and left I felt the server was very rude I tried to place an order several times she looked at me and walked away then when I asked to speak to the owner about the mishap with a certificate he didn't come until they put the food on the table.
The food did look good and it was a good price but I was very unhappy with how they treated me.

Visited Ranias after a purchasing a Groupon for the restaurant.
The food was delicious, hot, amd fresh.
I had the beed sirloin kabob platter with about 6 good sized pieces of sirloin and amazingly seasoned brown rice.
The naan was served hot, fresh from the oven and was absolutely delicious!
Several beers on tap and bottle choices as well.
I would definitely visit again!!!

Groupon success again!
Prior to heading to Rania's, I had an image of an older shopping center with a small hole in the wall restaurant.
Very traditional in appearance and strong spice smells.This was not the case.
The Higely Shopping Center is newly developed next to the new Banner Hospital.
The restaurant is pretty spacious; 8 booths (I think) and about 6 tables.
The Expo window let's you view the kitchen while serving yourself with a delightful salad or Pepsi product.
The decor was colorful and lively, but still showed tradition with a modern flair.
The young female servers were friendly and helpful, so much so that they ordered almost all my order.
Which I was wanting because I didn't know what to expect being a novice to Middle Eastern\Afghani food.
I placed me  to go order for my boyfriend and I,  which took about 10 minutes,  I think to complete.
The spread include:    - Vegetable Samosas: fried potato turnover with onion and peas.
Delicious!
- Beef Mantu: beef steamed dumplings covered in a red and cream sauce.
They were like raviolis with spicy marinara.
Good, not sure I order again.
- Roasted Red Pepper Hummus: fresh and yummy.
A little atypical as it was chunky; not smooth like most hummus.
- Chicken Kabob with spinach rice and Naan: Rice was scrumptious, chicken was tender and juicy, but I felt it needed more in flavor.
Naan, well I will get to this later.
- Beef Sirlion Kabob with spinach rice and salad bar: Like the chicken it was missing the mark in flavor for me, but the green spicy sauce, taziki and Mediterranean Pico added to it.
The salad bar had mixed greens that you could add Kalamata olives, grilled mixed veggies, garbanzo beans, etc.
Quite an array of fixings and dressings.
All fresh and cold.
Now most of important the Naan!
I don't know if they have one of those fancy flat tops or steamer things, but the bread was crisp and fluffy.
The burnt edges were lil' smoky bites of goodness.
The slight drizzle of olive oil added a sweetness that made me want gobble it.
Did I add they served up a plentiful amount and thank goodness they did as it was amazing with hummus or just alone.
Will I go back?
Heck yes, Groupon or not.
Tip on the Groupon:  Make sure you read fine print; any smart person does!
You cannot use it with other coupons or specials and there are two offers are available.
One for a set amount to use in whole and the other to spilt into 3 separate small amounts.

I have visited this place 3 times now.
I want to give it a better rating but it has been so inconsistent regarding service.
The food itself is 4 star rating.
I love everything I've tried.
Chicken Kabob and Eggplant Borani are great.
This time I was on the phone for 10 min while the waitress figured out how to put in the order.
I waited 30 min for a call ahead order on a Sat.
I hope the restaurant gets it together because I really like the food!

I really like the food here.
I had never tried Afgahni food and couldn't say it was authentic but what they are serving is really good.
Some times the service can be slow but I've mostly done call in for pick up or delivery.
I keep wanting to try new things but often find myself getting the chicken breast kabob or naanwhich.
The fish is excellent.
Love the green rice.
I recently noticed they changed the menu so more new things to try.
I was less impressed by the spinach naanpizza but still might try the others.
The restaurant is clean.
All staff I dealt with were friendly.

Wife got the beef keemah, basmati rice and naan.
I got the beef keemah and chicken keemah combo with rice and a salad.
Also we ordered a side of grilled vegetables.
I have to say these folks have something special here.
Good spices in the meat.
Rice was cooked to perfection.
Naan was a bit on the charred side, I like that but wife does not.
The sauce they gave is was delicious as well not what it was but it was green.
Maybe parsley or spinach with a kick!
We have not been to the actual location.
So I am basing my 5 stars on the food being really good and being delivered in a timely manner.
Considering it was 7-8pm on a Saturday night it took only 45 minutes.
This was my first time ordering through an iPhone app and was sure I paid with a card.
When the delivery person came they said it was cash.
We didn't have the cash but assured him I would call it in right away.
He said "cool I trust you" gave me the food and I gave him a fiver tip.
Very nice young man.
So I called in the card and all was saved!

I came here a few times during their first month, but I haven't been back in awhile since I no longer work next door to the restaurant.
I would hesitate on returning after reading some of these reviews indicating that they switched from counter service to table service.
The workers there had a hard enough time deciphering the menu and ringing up orders anyways.
I'm frightened how they would handle a full service gig.
There are some good items here, however.
I like the first two dishes that I had tried, the eggplant and butternut squash.
Both were very unique for this area, and the flavors were great.
I really like the kabuli rice too.
I liked the small salad bar.
I couldn't get enough of their Afghani pico de gallo.
I wasn't as impressed with the appetizers.
The samosas and ashak were both too greasy.
I didn't like the baklava either, but I'm ruined on that dessert after going to Turkey.

The food was incredible.
I highly recommend checking it out for that reason.
They do seem a bit understaffed, but the staff was very friendly.
They also have excellent, though not well advertised, beers on tap.

We just ate here and everything was delicious!
We got samoas and put the amazing green and red chutney and white sauce all over them.
So good.
I got the gyro and hubby got the butternut squash dish.
Everything was really tasty and perfect.
We never had afghan food before.
We will be back!

I ventured in here again, enticed by the lure of Groupon.
Right when I entered I was warmly greeted by the owner.
I went to the counter and browsed through the menu, pondering what food I should get for take out.
I got the chicken and beef keemah and a side of butternut squash borani.
The order didn't take too long to make, and I was soon off to drive back home to enjoy my newly acquired lunch.
The chicken and beef platter came with 2 long pieces of mixed white and dark meat chicken, and 1 long piece of ground beef.
Both were expertly seasoned, and very tender.
The meat rested on a large portion of rice (You get your choice of various rice sides; I chose the spinach rice).
The spinach rice was also quite good, and nicely cooked.
I enjoyed the butternut squash borani was well.
The mild flavor of the squash contrasted well with the yogurt sauce on top of it.
The meal also came with some cucumber/tomato salad, yogurt sauce, and some green chutney (Mint?
Cilantro?).
All were excellent, packed with flavor, and accentuated the meal well.
The naan was also very good.
It tasted different from naan I've had at Indian restaurants.
The texture was more pillowy on the inside, with a nice crisp outer layer.
Due to the improvement in service, upgrade 1 star!

I have to thank Scott P. for his great review of this place.
I was browsing Yelp one morning, checking my bookmarks, and reading reviews just to find someplace new that caught my eye, and Rania's certainly did that.
What a fantastic first impression!
We were greeted right away and guided to a booth, and our server, Margaret, took our drink order and said she'd give us time to look at the menu.
I had already been scoping it out on the internet and drooling over the choices, so we started with 2 of the Beef Mantu and 2 of the Ashak on the small plate menu.
I love that they have different amounts for these so you can get as many as you want.
With a salad and some bread you could make a meal out of the small plates alone.
I wish I could describe the flavors in a way that would really do both of these dishes justice, but they were amazing and a blend that I had never tasted before.
The mantu in particular had a little heat to the seasoning blend, but nothing overwhelming at all.
It was very pleasant and I want to go back and eat those again for sure.
Then for our entrees I ordered the chicken breast and beef sirloin kabob platter with brown rice and the naan bread.
Mr. M ordered the pan fried fish with spinach rice and the salad bar.
The salad bar choices are really varied and nice and fresh.
Mr. M came back with some greens, chickpeas, olives, and I think some raisins were in there, but it was a nice way to start the meal.
The bread is great too, and I agree with other reviewers who say it's a little different from what you might expect.
A few charred edges and a thinly fluffy interior make this bread different and very tasty.
I loved scooping some rice and grilled meat from my plate onto some bread and tasting that group of flavors.
Wow.
Just wow.
Mr. M's fish was fried perfectly as well.
Nice light breading and nice light texture all around.
Again, a blend of seasonings that I'm too inexperienced to describe, but it was delicious.
And he said he usually does not like rice, but he ate every bit of that spinach rice.
Our total for those 4 items plus an iced tea was $34.70 before tip.
They have a Yelp check-in offer too that is something like a free small plate with the purchase of an entrée, and there is also a groupon out there for them.
Now is the time to give Rania's a try if you've been thinking about it.
I look forward to a return visit.

Great food, good service.
My chicken dish was amazing, and their Spanish rice is absolutely delicious.
I would absolutely recommend this place for some amazing middle-eastern cuisine.

Food is great.
They were out of what I wanted to order but it was still delicious.
Definitely give it a try!

Great first time!
Will be back!
:) come you will be freshly satisfied, as everything is made fresh daily!

First off, this place deserves 5 stars for just being a mom & pop restaurant in the East Valley.
That Rania's serves authentic tasting Afghan cuisine out in no mans land ... well that's a minor miracle.
I laugh at the some of the low star reviews, whats your comparison.
The McRib!
I mean really, you had better ... Where ...................?
Tools!
If you consider yourself a foodie get your butt over here and check this fantastic cuisine out.
They even have Four Peaks & Santan Beers on Tap.
Awesome!

WOW - This is a diamond in the rough!!
Its tucked away in a corner of the strip mall but the food is absolutely incredible.
The plates and wraps are HUGE and easily can be shared between two people.
Owner is friendly and really wants you to come back.
Naan is great, their specials are good.
I recommend this place highly!!

I've been wanting to try this place out for a while finally did tonight.
Bummed we didn't try it sooner.
Sooooooo good.
I'm currently eating a Paleo diet with can make eating out tough since it calls for just proteins, vegetables, and fruit that is prepared with out frying with all natural ingredients  (this is a simplified explanation) .
This place had me covered (though those who like rice and pita your good to go here too).
Great flavors, made fresh to order, and great costumer service.
Super fresh salad bar with lots of healthy options.
Try this place, you'll be happy you did.

Food is great here,  we got take out and was delish but serving of hummus was tiny for 6 bucks?
We will return it was very good.

Amazing service, amazing food.
Every time that I am in the area I stop by.
Can't get enough of the kabuli style rice!!

Went here with a friend; it was all right.
It's nice to find a place that you can order something and avoid all the badies (wheat, excessive oils, et cetera).
Still, they could be a little less stingy with the meat; got like four small pieces for my sirloin kabob.
The owner came over and asked how we were doing, but not in a schmoozing way.
That was nice.
They're a sitdown place, but it's more "fast casual" than "fine dining.
"   I might go there again.

All things aside, this was our first visit and it was delicious.
I had a gyro... kind of (explained later), and the spinach rice.
It was so fantastic and full of flavor!
We ordered the chicken simosa, which the waitress said was an appetizer.
It was served AFTER we already started our main course.
Wish they would have brought it out earlier.
Also, the waitress (Polish lady) was very nice, but in too much of a hurry to explain things well.
She knew this was our first visit.
I said I wanted a gyro.
She asked if I wanted the sandwich or combo platter.
I asked what the difference was.
She said the combo was served with rice.
So I ordered the combo.
When we got our food, there was no sandwich.
Just meat on top of rice.
When I explained we may have miscommunicated, they were nice and said they would give me a sandwich.
I said,  don't worry about it, just bring me bread and I'll make it myself.
They asked if I wanted pita or naan bread.
I said naan.
I wish they would have told me it was heated with butter or oil.
When they finally brought it out, it was too crisp to make a gyro from.
So, I cut it up into pieces to eat with my meat.
So,  fantastic food, but a little lacking in service.
I will come back and try it again!

The samosas are super delicious at Rania's!
Food tastes fresh and made from scratch!
Win!!

Today I was sitting at home, didnt feel like cooking or pizza.
So I checked trusty yelp, seen the reviews and ordered the combo kabobs ans naan bread.
Hands down the best Afghan cuisine I have ever tried.
I am blown away.
You HAVE to try this place.
I will be eating here tomorrow as well, have to try their gyros now.

Hands-down the absolute best delivery we have ever eaten.
We got the Group Pleaser Combo plate,  which had chicken, lamb, and beef.
Fantastically seasoned, and accompanied  by their amazing rices (Spinach and Brown) and a garden salad.
Who knew delivery could be so good!

My wife and I LOVE this place!
She is Afghan and definitely approves of the cuisine.
Service is very friendly, the atmosphere is warm and welcoming.
The food is fresh and as we were informed by Margaret our server, completely house-made.
We will definitely be returning as often as possible!

Had the chicken breast kabob and garlic naan.
So good!
Everything was well cooked, seasoned and delicious.
Loved the red pepper-habañero and cilantro-jalapeño chutneys too.
Definitely coming back.

Great food, great service and the portions are definitely substantial for a great price.
We loved the naan and the red pepper hummus.
For our entree we both ordered gyros and were only able to finish half, since the size was about double of what you would get anywhere else.
Everything was clean and inviting and our waitress was attentive.
We didn't have to wait long for our order.
Will definitely be back!

Ordered take-out once with my mother.
Ordered delivery twice to my home.
I think I need to dine in the restaurant to see if the portions are larger and if it tastes better hot.
Not that it didn't taste good, but I thought it could have been better if it was fresher.
When I ordered the take-out, it was hot-ish when we ate it, and I really did love it.
The chicken chapli my mother ordered had a great flavor and the spinach rice was an excellent compliment to it.
I ordered the butternut squash.
It was good and spicy, but I forgot how little time it takes for butternut to cool off.
It wasn't as hot (temperature-wise) as I would have liked, and it was a little over-cooked which didn't help either.
Good blend of spices though.
I was a little disappointed with the garlic naan.
Maybe I'm spoiled by Copper Kettle and their fantastically fresh garlic naan from the tandoor.
This naan is thicker, which is fine, but they don't seem to use fresh garlic.
It looks like it was brushed with butter and sprinkled with garlic powder salt.
Oy.
Might save the owners some money, but it isn't a good choice.
Skip the salt and the powder.
Use real garlic.
The flavor would be sooooo much better.
Let's talk delivery.
Yikes.
What a difference.
The portions are smaller, the food is colder and it is more expensive since they charge you a delivery fee.
My son ordered a kabob that came with merely 3 pieces.
My chapli had 2 pieces.
The samosas sit in their own grease.
Ew.
My friend (who is from out-of-town) loved their spinach pizza-naan though.
Since I am a fair person, I tried them again, hoping the bad stuff was a fluke.
Same thing.
However, their hummus "pizza" was amazing.
Loved it!!
Just to be fair, I need to point out that the temperature of the food could be partially my fault.
I do live at mile 4.8 of their 5-mile maximum radius.
Travel time could affect the food temp, and I'm probably the last stop if they have multiple orders.

Ordered for delivery.
Food was excellent!
Food came faster than quoted and exceeded expectations!
We love having gyros and while ttheir gyro meat is not the best I've ever had it makes up for it with the delicious sauces!
Will defiantly be back!

