I stopped by here while doing some work downtown and really liked it.
I love having outdoor options for eating, drinking and people watching.
There is also seating indoors.
The food options are mainly dogs and pizza.
My husband and I each had a dog, mine was with jalapenos, fried onions and a spicy sauce.
Very tasty, fresh toppings, good buns.
There were several interesting selections or you could build your own.
The food was a little slow.
There was a great beer selection on tap.
When our choice was taking a little long to pour the waitress gave us each a little sample of another beer while we waited which was very nice.
Service was friendly.
My one complaint would be there should be an option of potato salad to go with beer and dogs.
They were setting up for a band when we were leaving which I would have enjoyed watching if I didn't have work t get to.
I think this place is a good addition to downtown.

Looking for a place with real grass in Las Vegas?
Well this is it!
Located just outside the food court of Plaza Hotel, this patch of grass is equipped with picnic tables, live music and great seats for people watching.
The selection of beer includes the all time favorites but also some interesting must-trys like the Coconut Curry or Banana Bread beer!
While you are there, don't forget to order a pretzel.
Comes with two different (delicious) dipping sauces and the pretzel is bigger than the plate.
Definitely a great place to hang out and relax with good company.

I'm actually surprised by the previous reviews based on our experience.
We were a party of 7 and none of us had anything really good to say about the place.
It's true, they have real grass.
Otherwise, it was uncomfortable, service was slow, and the band was REALLY bad.
It was too loud and the Amp crackled making the singer's voice even worse than it actually was.
The staff seemed disorganized.
I wanted a glass of wine, and my choice was one red wine and based on how long it took us to just get drinks, we were concerned that we wouldn't get or food in time to catch our show after.
There was no "people watching" from this vantage point, although, passers-by were able to lean against the fence from main street and watch us.
My German Brat wasn't bad, but I there are definitely better ones out there and I wouldn't go out of my way to go to the Bier Garten again, not with so many other choices.

What at first glance appeared to be a terrible bar turned out to be an excellent place to enjoy a few brews with friends.
The outdoor area is truly a gem downtown and the casual picnic table style seating on top of real grass is a real treat.
The ample outdoor space makes up for the limited indoor seating.
Although the place was empty given that it was a Monday, the weather was enjoyable to sit outside and enjoy some people watching.
The beer menu offers an extensive selection of micro brews and European (mostly lovely Belgian beers) drafts.
Tonight I chose a Banana Bread flavored brew and I have to say it was not bad.
With its subtle hint of banana the beer was smooth and fruity without losing its "beerness".
The service tonight was also exceptional even if it was only one cutie manning the joint.
The bartender was cute, courteous and professional.
Though I did not try the food offerings on this particular outing, my friends seemed completely satisfied with their food selections.

Love this place.
Absolutely amazing brats and sausages.
I seriously recommend the German Brat loaded with sauerkraut and Cajun Bleu cheese crumbles on a pretzel bun!
Nice selection of draft craft beer and a full bar if you aren't a beer nerd.
Indoor space is limited, but a really nice outdoor area.
The band, if playing, can be a bit loud though.
Friendly staff and extremely reasonable prices.

A few of us decided to try this place out for lunch and we were pleasantly surprised.
It is located next to the food court and is a step above your basic food court options.
They were working on the patio area, adding more grass, but it looked really cool.
There are TV's and a cute little structure outside, but I didn't see any fans or misters.
This may be a cool area to hang out at night or in the spring or fall.
The indoor seating area is actually quite small, there are maybe 5 tables, but there is a ton of counter seating.
The waitress/bartender was SUPER nice and attentive.
She greeted us and walked us through the menu.
I don't drink beer, but they had an elderberry cider on the menu so I decided to give it a try.
It was delicious and I'm happy they try to cater to everyone.
We started with the giant pretzel and it could easily feed more than 4.
The pretzel was warm and super tasty.
The German sweet mustard on the side was a perfect accompaniment and made us all very happy.
I ordered the Stardust and it was very large.
It also came with my choice of fries, crispy onions, or coleslaw.
In my world only fries exist, so that was an easy choice.
The sausage was flavorful, but there was a bit too much bun.
I wish the onions were a bit more caramelized, but the flavor was really great.
The fries were crispy and delicious and there was the perfect amount on the side.
Overall, we were really happy with the meal and experience.
I would definitely come back in the evening to enjoy the outdoor space with a brat and a beer (or cider).

Great outdoor laid back ambiance.
Picnic tables,  real grass (even on the walls), and TVs.
Never before seen a limbic on tap before and the pretzels are huge and delicious.
Do yourself a favor and have a good beer here.

