Went here for their soft opening last night and had an amazing time!
This is definitely going to be the new hot spot in downtown Phoenix.
You absolutely have to try the Solero, it's one of the best cocktails I've had in a long time.
I can't wait to go back!

Wow, wow, wow!
What a great new addition to downtown phoenix.
Ross Simon the owner is a cocktail genius  & is ready to please your palate on so many levels.
From a Book O' Cocktails to the food menu this is going to be the new hot spot in town.
I was lucky enough to enjoy a sneak peek Friday night and started off with a Singapore Sling & the house popcorn (amazing!!!
) the marshmallow dessert comes on a graham cracker stick served with a side of melted chocolate!
So amazing.
The cheese/charcuterie board is complete perfection.
The ramen with cuttlefish is like nothing in Phoenix.
Make this your first stop when they open their doors on May 30th.
It will be a must go to place!

FINALLY!
Arizona's been waiting WAY too long for something of this caliber - incredible!
Service, staff, and the best part....the COCKTAILS- mind blowing and spot on!!
Thank you Ross Simon and crew

A world-class cocktail bar neatly tucked into the historic grandeur of downtown Phoenix.
Try a classic, or let the bartenders prepare one of over 60 cocktails on the menu.
Tip: Bitter & Twisted also serves food until 1:30am!

I was lucky enough to attend the Sneak Peek a few days before the official opening.
I must say it was amazing!
I had the smashed chips which are spicy but in a very flavorful delicious way!
The punch that was the special of the night was spectacular.
Service was amazing and I love the booths!!
I can't wait to visit them again in the future and try more cocktails and food!

So today was my second time at Bitter and Twisted.
The first being an early soft opening and the second being their grand opening.
On the soft opening I went to I had a wait.
A considerable wait.
That's ok.
I understand that a restaurant uses soft openings to refine their systems and work out the kinks.
I know that my drinks will be discounted, my food will be comped, and the reason for this is that the restaurant or bar is using me as guinea pig.
These are the trade offs that come with soft openings.
They are not to get you in the door and try their stuff for free or discounted rates.
They are to refine their service.
With this said I expect good service and quality product on opening night when you have had multiple soft openings.
Luckily Bitter and Twisted delivered on their opening night.
Every drink I've had here has been strong, delicious, inventive, and delicious.
Also the drinks have been delicious and inventive and delicious and strong.
I've yet to try something there that isn't one of the tastiest drinks I've had in Phoenix.
It makes me a bit sad to see a few negative reviews dampen the beauty and creativity that has gone into this bar.
I hope the rest can see past a few people who don't understand what a soft opening is and see what the rest of phoenix already gets.
Bitter and Twisted is a next step in Downtown Phoenix as well as Arizona.

This place is a reminder that everything that glitters is not gold!
A friend and I stopped in after work today and being frequents of the downtown scene we were quite excited to try something new.
Upon walking in I was amazed by how nice this place looked!
It appeared to be a gem!
However, my positive thoughts end there.
I was not greeted by the hostess.
In fact I stood right in front of her for a good 5 minutes before she was even willing to look up.
During this time another party had actually walked out due to her treating them the same way.
It was busy but it wasn't super packed- no excuse for her behavior.
We then waited about 15 minutes to be seated.
Once seated, we waited about 20 minutes for our server to even introduce herself and take a drink order.
We had to track down the hostess who was able to locate our server and get her to us.
Another 20 minutes later we received our appetizer.
10 minutes after that we finally got our drinks we ordered with our food.
Honestly, can't tell ya much about the food or drink because I was so irritated by the poor and slow service.
The prices were a bit high which I would be ok with if the service wasn't so horrible.
Not sure yet if I'm willing to give it another try.
There are too many wonderful places downtown that I'd rather be at.

Went here after work with some friends.
The staff was friendly and the drinks delicious.
There were a few hiccups with service but It was the grand opening and the issues were mainly due to technology problems.
Hopefully they will get it worked out.
The meat and cheese platter was delicious.
I'm still thinking about it.
We also got the smash chips which were quite enjoyable.
I'll definitely be back.
Hopefully all the hiccups will be smoothed out and I can change my review to 5 stars.

Showed up at 10:00pm, several tables open and seats at the bar; was told it's a 30-45 minute wait.
Sorry but you already seem too pretentious, for someone that lives walking distance, maybe I'll see you again during happy hour on a Tuesday - maybe.
Don't forget you're a bar in phoenix not NYC.
I'm already bored.

If pretentiousness is your cup of tea this is the place.
Beyond that it's hard to see any attraction.
You'd think hoity-toity would be better quality.
Pedestrian premiums hardly justify pricey airs and attitude.

We sat at the bar.
We waited 5 minutes for someone to lay down a menu and  waited another 10 minutes for the bartender  to take our order.
It took another 10-15 minutes for the drinks to be made.
First impression was the place itself and the drinks were nice but the service was sloooow.
Our friends joined us and we ordered another round.
10 minutes later, no drinks, and the bartender came back and said he forgot what we ordered.
No bueno.
I understand these drinks are complex but they weren't even busy, just unorganized.
And you guessed it, another 15 minutes from ordering (for the second time) until we got our drinks.
On a positive note we ordered the burger and tacos and they were really, really good.
The bartenders were really cool, super friendly so I hate to bag on them for the slow service but it was bad.
Will I come back?
Sure, just not for a while.
Hopefully they find their flow.
Update: Somehow ended up back here a week after my first visit.
I warned my friend who wanted to try it about my first experience but she insisted.
After waiting 15 minutes to be acknowledged we left.
The service here is a joke!
I've had better service at jack n the box.
Get it together soon!
Doubt I'll ever come back.

The Ramen is a must try.
Staff was nice and the space is very warm and inviting.
I went by myself but it felt like I was with friends.

Amazing is the only word that comes to mind.
This one-of-a-kind cocktail bar located in the heart of downtown Phoenix is raising the bar for the Phoenix cocktail scene.
I have had the opportunity to try a few of the 70 STELLAR artfully crafted cocktails in the 24 page Book o' Cocktails, and each is equally as good as the next.
If you like drinks on the sweeter side try the Lime in the Coconut or the Tiramisu...
But one of my favorites is the Kaffir Lime CC--House infused kaffir lime gin and house made lime cordial carbonated and served straight up.
The food knocks it out of the park as well.
The Hurricane Popcorn could be one of the most addicting things I have had in a long time.
The Ramen and the Smashed chips are a must as well.
I'm not sure what everyone else is griping about--the service was above and beyond each time I visited.
I think some people fail to realize that these are not your average pre batched cocktails.
Each is hand poured, hand shaken, hand stirred, hand muddled...are you seeing a pattern?
Give an extra minute or two -- each drink is made with love.
A MUST TRY for any one in the downtown area.

I can't believe there are so many five-star reviews.
My friend and I showed up a little after 4 PM on their grand opening.
We each had a drink over a nearly two-hour period.
Would we have loved more drinks?
Sure, but alas it wasn't in the cards for us.
The service was incredibly slow and inattentive.
I don't believe that "it's opening day" should be an excuse, especially for an establishment that has had as many soft launches and special events as Bitter & Twisted did.
Your PR team helped you blow up in the press.
Assume you're going to be busy and have the staff to support that.
As for our drinks, my friend couldn't order the Lime in the Coconut, because they were out of the coconut base.
It's the opening night, and we showed up right when you opened.
How are you out?
Again, no excuses.
Make sure your stuff is in stock on opening night.
I ordered the happy hour Tom Collins, and my friend ordered the Bramble.
My drink came first and I was basically done with it by the time my friend got her drink.
The server said that they had to "make the blackberry syrup," but we watched the bartender make the drink super belatedly and he definitely just pulled the syrup off the shelf.
Methinks the server forgot to put the order in.
Were the drinks worth the long wait?
No.
We watched the bartenders make our drinks, and the alcohol was certainly lacking.
Furthermore, you have a 24-page cocktail menu, but you only put one drink on happy hour?
Everyone loves happy hours, and a lot of times people won't splurge on drinks until they vet them on happy hour pricing.
You have oodles of cocktails; give the masses an opportunity to try them.
Outside of the drinks, the food menu for happy hour seems legit.
In fact, we were going to order food, but our server was more rare than rain this time of year.
Also, we saw servers bringing dishes to other tables.
The price didn't match the portions, so we decided against food.
At that point, we figured it'd take a century to get another drink, so we called it a night.
Of course, cashing out also took a century.
The establishment is beautiful, and the cocktail menu is incredibly enticing.
The food menu, while ridiculously highfalutin, is intriguing.
For these reasons, I'll give them another whirl.
If they want to thrive, though, they should take a page from Clever Koi and offer weekday specials, beef up their happy hour menu, and sincerely re-examine their service.

What a beautiful building and awesome atmosphere.
Cocktails are over the top and music is super cool.
Great vibe all around.
Love the preservation of the historic building.
Food is great and good price point.

Amazing spot for libations and delicious cuisine.
Friendly and knowledgeable staff that is very customer service oriented.
A must stop while in Downtown Phoenix and well worth the drive for the experience.

Yay a great new spot for downtown!
We were excited to check them out on opening night but I'm mostly looking forward to when they really get their groove.
Me likes: decor | booze | food   Me didn't really likes:  The menu was a pain in the ass to read in dark lighting, so we gave bartender free range of what to make us and just asked for something whiskey based....he kinda just walked away....like walked away with no actual acknowledgement.
Is he telling us to f*ck off?
Is he making us drinks?
Should we order from someone else?
I hope he brings us drinks because the cocktails look great.
But then he came back with three cocktails so we were at least happy with that.
It took us a little while to order some food, so by the time we could order, we were only able to order the late night items.
I ordered some of the loaded chip type dish they had (sorryyyyyy I just can't recall the actual name) I watched my food sit at the bar for quite some time and watched so many of the employees kind of hovering around the area before the bartender finally handed it over.
I know I know....it was opening night, but.....it wasn't awesome but it wasn't bad.
[fingers crossed that it will be 5 stars next time]

Went for a drink with a friend on Tuesday night.
Liked it so much I took a group of 15 the next day for my birthday.
Server Beth was great and kept us flowing with food and drinks even when it picked up and was really busy.
Fun drink menu with options anyone will like.
Server was well trained and did a good job recommending drinks to the newbies.
Love the atmosphere and the good is unique and flavorful.
The chips were my fav.
Will definitely be back.

Awesome place to go cool atmosphere and you won't find any better cocktails in Phoenix for sure if u are in the down town location please check this new place out you won't be disappointed

Awesome cocktails.
Great atmosphere and better cocktails.
Will definitely frequent Bitter and Twisted, try it, you'll love it!

I would give more stars but apparently you need a reservation.
.... For a bar...  That's right.
Reservations for a bar.
There's no standing allowed at a bar.
So we went to BlueHound instead.
I highly recommend BlueHound though.

Great utilization of a space that needed to be reborn.
Seating setup is versatile-cozy for a couple or select a giant booth for groups.
Drink menu is a bit overwhelming as it's pages of options but loved what we ordered.
Service was friendly.
Lots of staff on a busy Friday night.
However, made us wait at bar for a table and when they sat us we saw that there were plenty of open tables in the seated area-seemed pretentious

This is my new favorite bar in Phoenix!
They have 49 cocktails and an impressive menu of both originals and classics.
Delicious food, too.
The Solero was my favorite drink (so many still to try!
), and for food I loved the ribs and also the bread with homemade braised-carrot butter.
They offer reservations (even for small parties), which I definitely recommend for Friday/Saturday nights.
It's a beautifully designed space inside the Luhrs Building (1924).
Thank you for opening up this wonderful spot in Phoenix!

This place will do well.
Warning, currently it is mobbed by downtown hipsters and lawyers.
I've heard complaints from people about the wait for a cocktail.
What they don't seem to realize is that this place specializes in craft cocktails, so the idea is that each cocktail will be a bit of a wait.
If you like, you can put your name on a list, and wander around a bit in the 115 degree heat and they will text you when the table is ready.
The food is hit or miss.
I like the cheese plate but the components are less harmonious than usual:  ham spread, chocolate covered corn nuts, a pear that I think is poached in wasabi, a hard cheese and a soft one with some charcuterie.
The short ribs remind me of sweet and sour pork in a good way.
Deep fried covered in a vinegary sugary sauce.
I didn't care for the panda tacos.
They didn't contain pandas.
What it did contain was peanuts, fried anchovies and chilis.
You then wrap them in a lettuce leaf with jalepenos and pineapple slices.
Cute but when I want a taco, I want a taco.
Or some vegetables, not necessarily peanuts.
This is a welcome addition to the down town scene, I have a feeling that I will be there quite often.
Although probably on expense account time, it's a little spendy with cocktails generally in the 14 dollar range.
Classic cocktails are about 10, with the option of upgrading them to a higher price point with better liquor.
The menu is expansive, something like 24 pages and probably hard to read if you are above the age of 30 and have bad eyesight.
The bar tenders will steer you in the right direction though if you are lost.

My partner and I read various reviews of Bitter and Twisted before we decided to visit.
It seemed that most people online felt the service there was lacking.
Our experience was quite the opposite.
Our time at Bitter and Twisted was stellar.
Our drinks were delicious.
The owner stopped by and was very friendly and grateful for our drop-in.
The bartenders (there were three working) were all very friendly and accommodating.
We stopped by Bitter and Twisted on a late Saturday afternoon.
This was during Comicon weekend and also a D-Backs game.
Upon entering the establishment, there were only about 6 other guests in the whole place.
When we left around two hours later, the place was over 3/4 full.
I'm glad we went when we did!
The building and decor are beautiful.
The employees are hard to recognize as there is not really a uniform.
It seems that they all wear dark colors (?).
The drink menu is expansive.
It appeals mostly to a foodie or gourmet type.
The food menu is a little too foo-foo for myself and my partner.
That says a lot as she is a french-trained chef and myself, I am a school administrator who, in a past life, worked in hospitality for over 10 years.
We love food and drinks!
We love to learn about them too.
However, the food menu was a little too complex for us personally.
The owners could have made their food menu a little more pub-grup accessible.
Beet & egg?
What is that?!
If the staff had time to discuss items with us, we probably would have been adventurous enough to give something a chance.
However, the bartenders just don't have time to give a descriptive sell to items on the menu.
And we weren't into looking up definitions of food items on Google during our visit.
:)   All in all, we were impressed by Bitter and Twisted.
The staff was knowledgable, the location was great.
Remember, all drinks are certainly hand made.
Our drinks took about 7 minutes to make and deliver to us and we were sitting at the bar.
Allow that kind of time before you decide to ding the service.
The employees and owners of this place obviously have a passion for gourmet cocktails.
They have an "ice program" after all.
And no energy drinks in the place.
This is not your average watering hole.
Nice job, Bitter and Twisted.
We will definitely be back!

Among the best Old Fashioneds I've ever enjoyed.
I really hope this place gets the support it deserves.
Amazing location!

This place is aptly named.
I was Bitter and Twisted when I left.
The waitress smirked when I asked about a life threatening allergy, was sexist towards women, and the place had a horrible wait while the table we were eventually seated at was open for 45 min.
The service is rude, rude rude.
Do not eat here.
The food is mediocre and not large enough for a meal and the drinks are all ice for a $10 plus cocktail.
We were quoted to have a 30 min to 45 min wait and ended up waiting an hour and a half!
The reason why we didn't leave was because  the table we eventually ended up sitting at was clear for the last 45 min of our wait.
We kept thinking, just a little while longer.
We had a party of three and for the first 20 min two of us sat at the bar because that was the only seating space.
We tried to order and the bartenders ignored us the whole time we sat there.
When our other friend showed up we were forced to stand for an hour and ten min right in front of the door.
They have no seating for people waiting.
Just a railing for maybe three people to lean on.
If you don't have a reservation, FOR A BAR, then this place will not serve you well.
My friend ordered a water and the waitress said yes then ignored him for 45 min until she had to serve us.
During that time at least 10 groups of two or more people were turned away because of the insane wait for already open tables.
The music is loud crappy electro swing.
If Bitter and Twisted wants to go with the classy jazz age, I suggest some Ella Fitzgerald or Duke Ellington.
Looping a hack DJ set of electronic head throbbing "jazz" does not create a chill ambiance, rather just a headache.
Once we were seated at the table, which had been open for the last 45 min, the waitress  tells us that we  need to wait for water because this horrible business does not have enough clean water cups.
When I order my food I ask if their eggS (plural)  and beetS (plural) dish is large enough for a meal.
"For you it will be.
"  I find it sexist that just because I am a girl a meal for me should consist of 4 potato slices that are no larger than two quarters and barley make up 1/4 of one potato, four dime sized pieces of  a beet, and one hard boiled egg is a meal for a woman.
I had been waiting for an hour and a half!
The dish should be called one egg and 1/8 beet.
I had to fill up on water and the ice from my drink.
My drink was a ten dollar ice cup with a little lemonade flavored alcohol garnished with a mint leaf.
My friend has a deadly food coloring allergy.
He wanted to taste my beverage.
When I asked if there was any food coloring in it, the waitress wrinkled her face into a very unbecoming sour puss crinkle and said no.
I'm sorry that you, waitress, were offended by a question that could save this horrible establishment a legal nightmare and my friend his life.
This place is too cool and busy to serve you.
If you are anorexic and enjoy being treated like shit you might like this place, otherwise stay away.

What a FANTASTIC new place for downtown Phoenix!!!
I predict this will be my new favorite place!!!
I've been in 3 times and have had nothing but wonderful drinks, interesting but delicious food, and friendly service!!!
The cocktails are all handcrafted and absolutely delectable!!
My favorite is the Kaffir Lime served on the rocks!
I have also enjoyed an Old Fashion and many others on the menu.
Although it has Been packed a few times I've tried to go in..
It will not deter me from trying again.
The food and especially the drinks are well worth it!

Ok guys, here's the deal.
It seems that a lot of people came in opening day and were turned off by the craziness.
I get that.
But give this place another try!
I went here yesterday at around 4 (when they open) to check out their happy hour.
Their happy hour is very good, it includes one special drink of the week (this week was a vodka based bramble with blackberry) for 6$ and a page of their 'market' cocktails for 6$ ( these include your choice of fruit in a caipirinha, collins, frozen marg, or mojito).
You really can't beat that.
Additionally, they have great beer specials (schlitz for 3$... the husband was happy), food specials (most items discounted), and the happy hour lasts until 7!!!
How awesome is that?
Now that that is settled, I will tell you about my experience.
The husband and I went yesterday.
We sat at their very pretty and large bar.
The owner was mixing cocktails and came over, shook our hands, introduced himself, and was generally pleasant (and the accent... love it).
I started with their lemongrass collins (not on HH, but it had ginger so I had to try it... 10$) - this is a solid drink.
It is humongously large, gingery and fresh tasting.
I was a fan.
The husband got the white russian (which, like all of their classic cocktails can be made at 3 levels of booze quality - economy (10$), business class (or something else clever?
) (12$), and first class (or something) (16$).
He had the basic, and he liked it, but it wasn't his favorite russian ever.
Anyway, then I had the special bramble (HH - 6$) - so delicious.
I would definitely get this again.
Then, against my better judgment, I ordered the tiramisu martini (12$).
This thing was like dessert... chocolatey and creamy from the use of mascarpone cheese with a slight coffee and, of course, booze flavors... it was good stuff.
At this point, I had certainly had enough and was feeling just fine.
We left after paying our bill of about 40$... 40$ for 5 drinks is not bad guys... especially for hand crafted specialty cocktails.
This is not your typical neighborhood bar, this is not applebees or wherever... it is not outrageous to ask 10$ for a drink.
I encourage you to check this lovely new bar out, I will certainly be back!

love Love LOVE this new pub!
So different and fresh- especially for downtown PHX.
The atmosphere is classic like a great bar in NYC or Chicago.
Really like the Scottish touch.
Bartenders were super friendly.
How ironic that amongst all the great beer and spirit offerings you can get a bottle of Schlitz!
Will definitely make this a regular hang.

I really... Really wanted to like this place.
The atmosphere gets 5 stars, their novel like menu gets 5 stars, the actual taste of the cocktails gets 10 stars, but unfortunately the service brings this establishment down to two stars.
The more time I spent there the more "bitter & twisted" I seemed to get.
I understand that there is a wait for "craft cocktails" but 20 minutes?
We placed an order for the short ribs and 45 minutes later asked for the order to be canceled and for our check.
They seemed to have more bar backs than bartenders and whenever a bar back or waitress happened to ask of if we needed something (to which we always responded yes because of the 20 minutes of being ignored by our bartender) the order never seemed to get to the right person.
I will visit this place again... Maybe in a few months when they get their act together - or maybe next week to see if my yelp review makes it to the "mean yelp review of the week".

I was visiting from Southern California.
I read some of the recent reviews regarding the service (or lack of) and the "long" waits.
However, I personally found that the service was fantastic and there was no wait.
Granted, I went on a Thursday evening with 4 other people.
Several times the servers passed out table and asked if we needed anything.
As far as a wait, the place was wide open for evening cocktails.
The drinks were great, try the "shot in the dark" and let the bartender surprise you with something!
I can't review the food since, we were their just for drinks.
I'd go again, and don't let those first reviews deter you from going.
On the drink board the even list the "worst Yelp review of the week" which is quite hilarious.

Great cocktails and service!
The ambiance of the place is very simple and chic.
I want to come and sit at one of thebig booth tables for a party.
There are at least 5 more cocktails I want to try out on the menu.
I will be back for more with friends.
Great job!

Went early on their opening night in an attempt to beat the crowd.
It worked but the service was still slow.
The atmosphere is stellar and the drink menu is extensive and had an interesting layout (potentially difficult to read and understand if you're a newb to high end cocktails.
I hesitantly ordered the Old Fashion; it's easy to mess this drink up, but was thoroughly pleased with the outcome!
I'd definitely return.

ross simon make the best ramos gin fizz in the history of mankind!!!!!
jealousy has over taken me!!!!

We tried to check this place out the weekend of ComiCon but it was packed and the hostess recommended a reservation.
So, we waited a few weeks and did exactly that.
I read the Yelp reviews and was "ready" for some issues.
The first half hour or so was fabulous and I was all set to write a those-people-are-whiny-bastards review.
And then things went downhill.
The good: Drinks are fantastic.
The drink menu is a small novel and the first two pages are the owner's creations.
Between the five of us, we sampled nearly all of them.
Innovative, fresh and well balanced - a cocktail enthusiast's dream.
We ordered a number of things off the menu and overall, it was tasty but the food doesn't hold a candle to the cocktails.
The bad: I'd say the "service" needs work but we were pretty sure it was just our server.
We ordered the corn dip without bread crumbs to accomodate a gluten-intolerant person in our party.
Literally, a half hour went by and the dip hadn't arrived and we asked the waitress who assured us she put the order in.
The dip came out about ten minutes later and it was obvious that she'd forgotten to put it in AND it had bread crumbs on it.
People make mistakes and that's totally cool.
But what bothered us most is that she didn't own up to it.
Her attitude changed after we asked about the corn dip and she seemed pissy and short.
She then proceeded to screw up a very simple bill split and we ended up having the manager fix it.
We did speak to the manager about the above issues and he was extremely apologetic, appreciative of our feedback and very friendly.
Will I go back?
If the "need reservations" thing is always, it's unlikely.
There are plenty of places to drink at CityScape that don't require reservations and I have not yet reached the point where I can justify (or want to justify) reservations just to have drinks.

I went on a Friday night of the second weekend they were open.
The food was interesting and good enough.
I ordered the Kraken.
We also had the cheese board, and my friends ordered the Ramen and Smashed Chips.
The best meal from my party was the Ramen by far.
The Cheese Board did have some interesting (in a good way) items on it, which made it stand out from others.
The drinks were decent, however not the best I have had.
I much prefer Lux or Rum Bar.
The drinks were good, but if a place is going to call itself a cocktail parlour I would expect better.
Drinks also took kind of a long time to come out.
They were busy, so waiting for that first round is to be expected.
For the second round our waitress didn't come by until our drinks were empty, and they took awhile to get out to us.
The atmosphere was a little strange.
Something about it just didn't feel right.
I feel like it just doesn't have a good downtown Phoenix vibe.
Seems more Scottsdale.
If I was nearby or a friend wanted to go, I would go again.
I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.

We had a reservation for 730, were seated by 8, and the waitress didn't come by to take our drink order until 830.
For $12 drinks and no draft beers you should at least get some decent service.

Make sure you make a "reservation" as you are not allowed to "stand" in the bar area.
Would have liked to enjoy a drink but the half empty establishment had too many reservations and due to their asinine no standing rule we were offered two choices 1) stand in the corner in time-out without a drink for an hour or 2) find someplace else to drink.
So we decided to walk across the street and find another bar that allowed standing.
This isn't hard since most places in the world will allow you to stand and have a drink.
B&T must have a slamming anchor tenant deal because serving anywhere remotely close to their capacity is clearly not interesting.
Just remember "Summer is coming..." And you are going to need patrons.
Good luck!

This place is definitely nice but it lives up for its name, bitter and twisted!
The "No Standing Rule" needs to go!
This place has potential but they need to get it together.

My latest favorite downtown watering hole.
They are masters in the art of mixology.
Simple quality ingredients blended with quality liquor (as an example their "well" bourbon is Buffalo Trace), they pride themselves on consistency.
The drinks are handcrafted and priced very reasonably, from $6 to $16 on average, based on how high on the shelf you like to drink.
They can make you a simple Vodka Soda if that is your thing but take a look at their extensive drink menu or tell them what your favorite base liquor is and what you don't  like and they will mix something up for you.
They offer a selection of canned and bottle beers if that is your thing and several wines including a few wines on tap.
B&T has Happy Hour daily from 4-7p which had several drink and food specials.
They offer up several tasty food items.
Thus far I have had the opportunity to try the Seoul Fried Chicken (watermelon kimchi,  yes please, it is light and tart complementing the chicken very well) and have stared longingly at their pork belly entree.
Also check out their specials board for weekly drink specials and the latest "Mad Yelper" quote.
This place is no dive but it is FAR from pretentious.
Their drinks only look fufu or cloyingly sweet, you should never judge a book by its cover.
If you are looking to get 'crunk' and only like to drink bud light and do shots of fireball I recommend you stick to Hooters or Tilted Kilt.
If you are looking for a relaxed unpretentious atmosphere and a couple of quality craft beverages DO stop in.

Overall I love this concept.
The space is immaculate with tall ceilings, concrete pillars with wood chips imbedded from the 20's, and the curtains & lighting are sure to impress your date.
Has been a month since they opened so it was just a short wait to get a booth at 9pm., but still a full house.
Staff were attractive and friendly.
I see this as a favorite watering hole when in the downtown core with dim lights and great music.
The plush couches keep you lingering for another drink.
We did not have any food on this trip, but I want to come back.
Having lived in NY, my critique of the drinks is set at a high standard given B&T is named  a "cocktail parlor".
I think they need to figure the ice situation out.
Each drink felt like a buffet of ice.
Yes it sounds petty, but small ice melts fast and waters down the cocktail within a couple minutes.
The "Old Fashioned" quickly diminished in taste after a couple sips as a single large cube is preferred with any whiskey/bourbon drink.
Secondly, ordered a caipirinha that came out in a highball packed with ice that lost it's intensity within a few minutes.
Some of the barware seemed mismatched with the cocktail and there was even fruity drink served in a tall pilsner style glass that was reminiscent of TGIF.
Like all restaurants that open there are kinks to work out and the execution will improve with repetition.
I put the ambiance at 5 stars and cocktails at 3.5 stars.
Still some work to do to keep pace with the competitive cocktail culture in downtown.
Can't wait to figure out what their signature cocktail that they'll be known for.

Definitely a place to keep your eye on.
Went there when they had only been open a few weeks, so obviously they are still working out the kinks.
As someone who understands mixology, this place excited me for sure.
Their drink menu was a bit overwhelming, but definitely in a good way.
Fun book to look through, and a lot of different things to try.
I forgot the name but I had the drink with tequila and coconut foam and wow!
I savored every sip!
Okay, now for the good and the bad.
I'll start with the good.
Quality of EVERYTHING was good.
Decor, ingredients, vibe.
For food we got the meat and cheese board and I'm a charcuterie girl and was impressed.
The only thing I was disappointed in was the service.
I cut them slack because I know they just opened but it was still kind of shocking how many errors had happened.
We had to ask for every item we ordered TWICE.
But get this, the servers all had tablets that they put all orders into.
So, instead of just simply putting our requests into her tablet she said yes, walked away, then forgot.
Almost every single time.
We walked into there ready to order a lot off the menu, but it was a lot of work to get her attention and time so we left with more money in our pockets than we expected.
But, other than that, I loved it and have been recommending the place to many.

This place is amazing.
I loved both the cocktails I had, one I chose myself and one off bar tender Jasons recommendation.
The menu is so extensive it makes me want to get back on OK Cupid to make boys buy me drinks here.
That's how much I want to try everything on this menu.
This place is so good it squashing feminism.

Visited with friends for some cocktails.
They were so delicious and innovative.
We had four folks and we each ordered two different cocktails so we could taste a wide range.
All delicious.
There isn't really enough variety on the food menu to allow for a group to get a meal so we ordered snacks to share.

This is a great new spot.
The cocktail menu is intimidating at 24 pages, but helps make for a fun experience, especially for infrequent drinkers.
You'll feel like you're one of the cool kids here.

Great drinks - wonderful atmosphere.
Still new so service is a little slow.
The 24-page cocktail menu is very impressive and it's hard to pick what you want to try first.
Very high energy with a bit of a 1920's nightclub feel.
I will definitely be returning.

So the board in the bar used to have a spot for the mean yelper of the week...
I can't knock it, so mean = the bad reviewers wouldn't know a great cocktail joint if it fell on them like Dorothy's house in the Wizard of Oz.
The atmosphere is both modern and classic at the same time.
It pays homage to the Luhrs tower that contains it, and prohibition era swank.
The bartenders are skilled and engaging.
The drink menu extensive and the food items creative.
Busy on the weekends, so be prepared.
But take the leap and grab a beverage.
P.S.
my friend thinks Zack is 'the bees knees'.

The hours stressed me out a little because every time I wanted to go it wasn't opened.
Don't worry, third try is the charm!
It's everything I want downtown Phoenix to become.
Clever cocktail names, exposed brick and cement columns, friendly wait staff AND food service until 2:00!!
It's a bit pricey so I wouldn't go for more than one or two drinks.
Great spot to start the evening.

Came here for a drink after dinner.
The dim lighting added to the atmosphere, but made it difficult to read the extensive menu.
That ended up being a good thing.
Our mixologist, Jason, was excellent in making us different drinks we would have not normally chosen, but were all amazing!
A place you don't want to miss out on in downtown Phoenix.

Seriously in love with this place and I have been here way too many times since it opened.
GREAT atmosphere, the food is delicious-seriously, the Seoul Fried Chicken???
The smashed chips???
Tsukemen Ramen and the Barbecue Pork Calentado?
All SO DAMN good!
Their cocktails are great too.
Their drink menu is something to behold-check out the "Cocktail Map" at the back to chart the best drink for you.
I could down Classic Collins all night because they are so refreshing.
The Solero is like a passion fruit 50/50 bar.
You can't go wrong with a blackberry mojito.
So many options so little time and money!
The atmosphere awesome, they place good music.
I really had my doubts when the opening of this place was announced.
As much as I support downtown Phoenix, I was convinced that Bitter & Twisted was going to be lame and suck ass.
I could not have been more wrong.
I can't believe that downtown has something this cool.
Don't get me wrong, we all love Blue Hound but this is a worthy counterpart to give downtown more of a  desperately needed coolness vibe.
The ONLY negative is that they put WAY too much ice in their drinks to the point that I don't feel I'm getting best value for money.
So they really deserve 4.5 stars but I love the place so much that that is not going to stop me from coming back again and again and again.
You can't go wrong with drinks or the food and that's a rarity.
I highly recommend coming in and showing these guys some love.

