This place is awesome!
I paid $25 for a hand car wash that was actually a hand car wash. My car looked brand new, I don't  think it was ever that clean since I bought it.
Got all my windows completely clean including the back and windshield where other places only got as far as their hand reaches, wheels were cleaned all the way through.
Not just the exposed part.
Entire wash and dry process was indoors.
They have a beautiful customer lounge with leather couches, granite counters, free bottled water and coffee and I was watching my car getting cleaned through a glass wall that separates the customer lounge from the work area.
They have this bazooka thing that shoots foam all over the car.
It is quite entertaining to watch.
Employees are super nice and courteous, didn't stare and I was greeted by the owner Nick.
He was so nice and explained everything to me about why they are different.
They only use microfiber towels, the water is heated and softened and a bunch of other stuff that I really did not understand.
I was extremely impressed, you don't realize what a car wash should be until it's broken down for you.
Tire shine is always free, air freshener wafer things are free if you get the interior cleaned, they got makeup off my door without me saying a word, got the dog hair off my carpets without having to ask and they even pulled the car up a couple feet to get tire shine on the part of the tire touching the ground.
Their attention to detail, professionalism, kindness, atmosphere and everything about this place has made me a customer for life.

Heard about this place from a friend and decided to check it out today.
I've been to multiple "hand car washes" and this place delivers the all hand wash promise.
There were about 4 guys washing my car the whole time!
Definitely not skimping on the "hand" thing.
Upon arrival, I was greeted promptly and asked if it would be an exterior or full wash.
I only needed the outside cleaned so I opted for the exterior.
Proceeded to hand the car over and I was directed to wait in the customer lounge.
The waiting area was definitely given a lot of attention.
There were comfortable leather couches, HDTV, coffee maker, fridge full of bottled water and also the two giant windows to watch your car being taken care of.
When the car is finished in the washing area, they pull the car to another station to use the air compressor and blow out any excess water left in the crevices of the car.
After the wash was complete an associate named Nick came into the office and rang me up.
I told him about the check in offer and he accepted it.
Upon receiving the car, he proceeded to do a walk around with me and encouraged nit-picking.
The car came out spotless!
The experience and reasonable price was definitely worth the trip.
Well deserved 5 Stars!

Definitely the best carwash in the Las Vegas area closely located to the strip.
Traveling from California needed a carwash bad.
Windy City wash did a excellent job in getting my car hand washed inside not outdoors highly recommend them.
The owner is hands on in the carwash process.

Best car wash I've never been to hands down.
Just got my Lexus washed and I'm pretty happy about the entire experience.
Waiting area was super classy, enjoyable with complimentary bottled water & coffee.
Wash was meticulous, all done by hand, inside/ out & extremely reasonably priced.
About the same price as one of those machine wash car washes but way better quality bc you have several workers on your vechile.
I highly recommend this place.

This place is a little off tropicana, but totally an awesome car wash.
I was the only one here on a Wednesday afternoon and so they had six people working on my car.
Very clean and cool waiting room.
What I liked was that they had signs for right when you drive up that said stop here, and in less than a minute there was someone with a "menu" helping me out.
They were very attentive and even had chargers in the waiting room for your phone.
Playing edm in the waiting room won brownie points from me!
I'm def bringing my dirty car here in the future!

This place does a great job from high pressure air water removal to pressure washing the all-weather mats.
Very well priced for the "by-hand" service.
Nice clean waiting area.
Owner is approachable and friendly.
The staff pays close attention to the details and they take their time to do it right.
Just wish I went with the full service to experience all they have to offer (waxing is by hand which takes time and I couldn't wait that long).
I will definitely come here again.
Thank you Windy City!

with all the wind and debris in Las Vegas a good doesn't last long.
Glad I found Windy City.
Five stars for a location, comfortable lobby, professional service and quality wash

Car looks better than the day i bought it!
Got a full wash & wax on my K5 today.
Paint looks and feels amazing, interior is super clean.
Turned me into a regular for sure!
Keep up the good work!

Just got my car hand washed.
Excellent customer service and quality work!
Nick was really detail-oriented and thoroughly explained their process of properly cleaning cars.
I was very impressed!!
You can tell he takes pride in his business.
I had been yelping for decent car wash locations in Vegas but the bad reviews that I saw for other businesses made me hesitant.
Good thing I found Windy City!
The waiting area is modern and comfortable with free bottled water while you wait.
You can also watch your car being cleaned the entire time.
$25 for interior and exterior.
Definitely coming back and highly recommend this shop!
Only thing is that you can't tip on credit card so bring cash :)

You leave here with your car looking brand New.
Great customer service .
All around great experience .
Comfortable waiting room, free Wifi.
You can see your car getting washed.
I love it.

Absolutely amazed at the great work they do here!
Very thorough in what they do!!
I will continue to come back here!

Wohoo my first Yelp review :-)  Anyway I take my cars here all the time.
This hands down is the best car wash in Vegas and the price is unbeatable.
Your car gets attacked by an army of hand washers using soap suds that get blown out of a tube and then your car is meticulously washed.
They dry it with rags and even blow air in the unreachable areas.
For my 4 door large car they only charge $25.
I've had detailers charge me $200+ and the results are the same at Windy City.
Sure you can go to Terribles drive thru wash for $5 and get scratches all over your car and water stains but just go spend the extra $20 at Windy City you will be amazed!
They also have a nice waiting room with leather sofas and free drinks.

Can someone please enlighten me?
I wonder if I'm spoiled, my car being cleaned a certain way.
Or am I just plain picky?
I'm gonna give 5 stars because I feel as they deserve it.
But none the less I feel like my vehicle could have been more cleaner, interior wise.
I got the Full Service, inside and out.
The outside of the car was flawless.
But the interior......As I was driving away I looked over and saw crumb-like material in the passenger seat and in the middle console area.
Once I got home I was eager to inspect the rest of the inside.
Crumbs and debris still on the floor under the seats, some sticky substance still on the sunroof liner of the car.
I'm just like uhhhhhh is that still supposed to be there??
Or does the service I paid for not including those factors.....
I JUST bought this car 4 days ago so I didn't cause whatever mess was present in the vehicle.
I saw the reviews on Yelp and decided to give Windy City a shot.
I was immediately greeted and taken great care of.
Customer service is amazing.
Waiting room is perfect!
I WILL return but I will definitely ask more questions and request the detail that I desire on the car.
In the mean time I will vacuum and scrub the remainder of the car myself.
Thank You Windy City

I went in because of previous reviews.
They were very efficient and friendly.
I paid 84 for wash inside and out, wax and pain sealer.
At the end they do a walk through so you can spot anything wrong etc.
I talked to Nick mostly and he wanted to make sure everything was good and even did it himself.
So I'm very happy I went there and will be going from now on.

This is the essence of what I've been looking for in LA, a proper car wash that pays attention to the details.
Nick runs a great establishment that's welcoming and very suitable.
You walk into a peaceful waiting room with comfy couches that also has huge glass pane so you can keep an eye on your baby.
Wish this was in LA but I'll be bringing my car here when I visit the home away from home.

The most amazing car wash experience I've ever had!!!
Blew me away with professional staff, waiting area and most importantly service.
All for $25 you just can't match the quality!
Highly recommend!

This is NOT your average car wash...this is a  classy automotive wash experience!
All work is done by hand while you sit back in new leather furniture and watch.
Your car is actually blow dried...not a drop on water is left on your car and that includes the door and trunk areas.
Nick (the owner) and his staff are elite and offer the car enthusiasts a thorough wash.

I was working in Las Vegas on a work detail and needed a place to wash my Subaru BRZ.
Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try as it was pretty close to the strip and was very reasonably priced.
When I got to the car wash I was pleasantly surprised to find out that this was the only car wash in Vegas that is INDOORS.
Did the $20 int and ext full service midsized car wash. Clay bar was also only $20!
The price is truly unbeatable for the service you get, and the waiting room is the nicest I've experienced of any car wash I've been to.
Definitely the only place I'll be taking my car to for a car wash in Vegas.

Great place!
They are extremely attentive to detail (down to the dog hair in the back of my SUV) and the owner and staff are very friendly.
There is a great lounge area with leather couches, cold water, and coffee to enjoy while you watch your car being washed through a huge glass window.
It's actually fairly entertaining, as far as car washes go.
I highly recommend Windy City and will definitely be back.
It made the task of getting my car washed not so unsavory.

Just like everyone else and their mom stated.
Absolutely fabulous.
Beautiful waiting area that's better than most airport lounges.
Attention to detail with even the basic hand wash.  Definitely coming back when in Vegas.

How is it I've never heard of this place and it's right behind where I live!?
This place is amazing.
First of all, they HAND WASH your car and they do it INSIDE.
I'm literally sitting in a beautifully air conditioned waiting room while I watch them meticulously detail my truck.
Do not go anywhere else.
Nick and his crew will take great care of you and your vehicle.
I'd give them 10 stars if I could.

Very friendly staff and their attention to detail is just amazingggg !!
I would definitely come here whenever I am in the city.

This place is the coolest car wash and detail place I have ever visited.
Super staff and very affordable prices.
Nice, clean lobby and the owner is hands on and eager to please.
I will not take my ride anywhere else in Las Vegas.

These guys are AWESOME!
This is the place to get your car wash especially for those who have cars with newer paint jobs.
They do an absolutely excellent job inside and out all without scratching the car like all other car wash places do.
Definitely give these guys a visit.
You won't regret it.
The end result for my car looked like a $500 detail for ONLY $25!!!!
Customer service was on point  10 out 10 stars!
I'm very good at spotting legitimately humble, hard working people.
The owner (I forgot his name) is a true example of that.
Will definitely be coming back more often.

Hands down, this is the BEST place I have ever been too.
This is the new standard of car washing.
It's all 100% hand cleaned, not a single machine.
As I sit here in the waiting room, the employees are wearing gloves to not smudge or leave a print on my car.
The prices are more than reasonable, I'm paying $25 for a showroom wash.
The waiting room is like a lounge.
Not a plastic chair under an umbrella outside.
Be sure to read "the story of Windy City wash & wax" After reading that, you know that this owner gets "it".
They have a customer for life!!
A++++

This place is a hidden gem but it won't stay a secret for long.
It's the nicest car wash I've ever been to.
They only use the highest quality products on your car and the results prove that.
I'm not exaggerating when I say my car looked brand new after Windy City got done with it.
Their team really takes their time on your car and THEY CARE about your vehicle.
Nick, the owner, inspects his team's work before releasing the car to you, which is a nice touch.
I can't tell you how many times I've been to other car washes and I'm the one pointing out the blemishes.
The waiting area is nice too because it's indoors and the leather sofas are really comfortable.
They have huge windows so you can see your car getting washed every step of the way.
I'm going back next week for a leather treatment because I was beyond impressed with Windy City's quality of work.

The best place you can take your car for a good wash/detail.
These guys would go above and beyond to make you happy.
Attention to detail is second to none.

The best car wash EVER!
When they say hand wash, it is hand wash.  No machines!!!
I spoke to the owner.
Very nice guy.
I told him this place will see me again and again.
Comfortable waiting area with wifi, flat screen and charging ports.
Prices are great.
Be sure to check in on Yelp when you get there for $2 off.

Ok I'm here now watching them, I came here because of the reviews and I live in Henderson.
Everything they describe in the cleaning process is spot on.
Just purchased the vehicle a few weeks ago, wanted to get a good wash and wax on her.
Staff is great and VERY EFFICIENT.
Great attention to detail, waiting room is nice and comfortable you can watch to process thru the enormous windows that looks into the work area.
My car is also getting waxed and they pull it into a paint booth to create optimal temperature to dry faster.
Who does that?????
I'm sold on this place, they have set the bar high guess I have to drive here now!!!
Damn you Windy City.
Got a truck and a Harley for you also!

Just had my Audi cleaned here.
In SoCal this was easily a $50 wash and clean.
The amount of detail these guys went to in cleaning this car was phenomenal.
SoCal car washes need to come and watch these guys work.
All this for $25.
I am so impressed.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

best place to take your car/truck to get wash..the guys give extra attention to it and focus on little details...comfortable waiting area and you can see your it getting wash

First off, this is not a car wash..it is a car experience for both you and your car!
Never have I seen such care go into a car cleaning.
It appeared the car was doubled washed, even the gas door and cap were washed and dried.
This wasn't a special wash but the standard care every car received.
Don't be in a hurry, or bring the soccer team with you.
It isn't that kind of place.
I'm sure the employees wouldn't mind but the Client's in the leather covered couches waiting for there cars might.
Now, let's talk price, they probably spent 40 minutes with my car.
Two to 4 people working on my mid sized car at all times.
The price $20.00!
I don't think they charged enough...Plus, check in on Yelp during your stay and get $2.00 off.
Can you say BARGIN :-)  My car wasn't this clean when it was picked up at the dealer.

Ok I've been wanting to put a review up since I went there but just got busy.
So now I have time!!
Ok so, I decided to take my wife's car on a camping trip with some friends (bachelor party) to Lake Havasu.
We had an awesome time... Too much fun from how the car looked after, now I promised my wife that I wouldn't mess up her car....... Needless to say, it was tore up on the inside.
To make a long story short I came home around 5am cleaned as much of the car as I can and found this place opens at 7am.
I rush over to get this mess cleaned and I was scared.
My wife gets off at 12 and I still had to go get both tail lights fixed, don't ask.
Now, I get there and was very surprised at the price, but to top it off.....
THEY CLEANED THE CAR!!!!
Believe me when I tell you it was a straight mess.
Now it only cost me $45, $25 for the service and a $20 tip.
They deserved it!!!
Awesome place and people, will be coming back!!!

Awesome car wash!
Not anymore expensive than any other car wash and its actually a HAND CAR WASH!
Not like all the other bull crap car washes around town that say hand car wash and actually mean hand dry... Lame.
I drive 25 mins out of the way to get to this place because its worth it and they make it look new again every time!

