We stopped here on a Badger hockey game day, just a few days after they opened.
No new restaurant growing pains here!
Plenty of knowledgeable and friendly staff, and some of the coolest ambiance in Madison.
Industrial feel with repurposed pipes & gears, and faucets as coat hooks.
Loved it.
The owner greeted us upon arrival and gave us the low down on their menu.
Traditional sausages like dogs and brats, and some specialty sausages based on foods they love to eat, plus a guest sausage from a local chef.
Check out the menu for yourself - so many options!
Nice beer selection - served in mason jars which was fun.
New Glarus Black Top for him, Hacker-Pschorr wheat for her.
We started with the fried chz curds (only $4!!
), which were, in our professional curd eating opinions, some of the best that we had ever eaten.
We ended up getting three orders total in our group.
Local curds from the owners home town of Monroe, fried to perfection.
You can get them with ranch, honey mustard or Siracha mayo.
We chose ranch, which was nice and thick and very tasty.
On to the sausages...we both decided to go with the Bahn Mi sausage.
Vietnamese pork sausage: pickled veggies, cilantro, jalapeños, chili-mayo.
Just the right amount of spice (especially good with beer) and crunch.
Per the hubby, the pork sausage melted in his mouth.
I'm not a meat eater, but OSS gives the option of subbing in a vegan sausage into any of their specialty sausages with made me quite happy!
I immediately recognized the three vegan flavor options (chipotle, Italian, smoked apple & sage) to likely be Field Roast brand sausages.
I got the Italian.
I've never had an awesome vegan sausage (& I've tried and tried and tried to find one), and Field Roast is about the best I've had, so it was a good choice on their part, but it would be great to see someone out there try to make a decent tasting veggie sausage!
In this case, the toppings were so fantastic, and the perfect pairing to any sausage, that I was ecstatic with the whole experience.
We rounded out the meal with their hand cut french fries.
Just like the curds, they were fried to perfection.
Obviously fresh, peel on, and just great, great, great.
There are so many sausages to try, we will DEFINITELY be going back.
It made us nostalgic for Italian sausages at the outdoor beer garden on Badger football game day at Josie's Restaurant that used to sit on this same spot.
OSS will absolutely kill it on game day!
The waitress kept going outside ( less than 10 degrees out!
) with free samples of curds, drawing people in.
This place is going to be packed once the word gets out!!
The staff told us that we were their first 8 top table - biggest group that they'd had so far...we were so proud.

After reading with awe and wonderment of the glowing review of the fried cheese curds at OSS Madison on chzcurds.com, I loaded my daughter into the family trickster and sped off to this new Regent Street eatery located next to the venerable Greenbush Bar.
After playing a real life version of Frogger that occurs when attempting to cross Regent Street during rush hour, we pushed our way through the side entrance.
What we saw was a feast for the eyes; the new owners converted the old Careersmith office into Steampunk central, replete with copper tubing, glass columns of bubbling water and gears and gauges galore.
The menu offers a variety of tubular meats including standards like bratwurst and Chicago-style hot dogs.
There's no need to leave your vegetarian friends behind since OSS offers several vegan sausage options.
In addition to the old school options, there are a set of signature dogs, like the Drunky Duck with maple bourbon duck sausage topped with caramelized onions, fresh cranberry sauce, and stone-ground mustard or the Egg Roll, a Chinese pork sausage, topped with sautéed cabbage and carrots, fried wonton strips, spicy mustard, and sweet and sour mayo.
I ended up selecting this month's open source sausage ($6), designed by chef Wave Kasparzak of the acclaimed Dining Room restaurant in Monticello.
It featured a habanero spiced pork sausage, topped with a roasted poblano sour cream, crispy tortilla strips, and fresh cilantro.
While I liked the flavor combinations, the dish was unfortunately sabotaged by a very dry, bland bun (think the Aldi budget hot dog buns 12 for $1).
When I mentioned this to one of the co-owners, he admitted others have shared the same concern and that he was looking new bun alternatives.
I really hope he succeeds in his quest.
As for the cheese curds ($4), both my daughter and I were so impressed we ordered a second helping.
Lightly breaded, these cheese curds seemed fluffier than the standard issue cheese curd.
Condiment options include ranch dressing, honey mustard sauce and a spicy sriracha mayo.
While I'm not ready to ordain these cheese curds as the best in Madison, they are definitely in the conversation.
(For you curdophiles in the audience, I encourage you to read Lori J's detailed review on chzcurd.com).
For a new restaurant, service was top notch.
The person at the counter explained the different menu options, the food was promptly delivered and both our server and one of the owners stopped by our table to ask what we thought.
This bodes well for future success.
Once they remedy the bun conundrum, OSS Madison easily moves into four star territory.

Often at lunchtime I Google "food Madison" to give me inspiration for what I want to eat that day.
Today I noticed this new restaurant just 1 block from where I work, so I checked it out.
I was pretty excited because I've been missing having a hot dog/brat place to go to since Mad Dogs and Bison Jacks have both closed.
First off, they accept cash only.
I had to use the fee-free ATM located by the entrance.
I wasn't feeling very adventurous today, so I ordered a grilled hot dog and the cheese curds that were raved about in the other posts.
I like that the hot dog was grilled, but it wasn't worth the cost to me.
I'd almost recommend they start using the soft, poppy-seed topped Chicago dog buns for the hot dogs to give it an added value besides the plain bun.
The cheese curds I got weren't as appetizing as the ones in previous reviewers' posts.
Granted, I took them to go and they squished them in the container so I could take them, but the breading was not crispy like the other photos made them look.
I was quite disappointed.
The staff were very friendly and helpful, though.
That is always a positive.
I really want to give them at least an A-OK rating right now, but based solely on my first visit, that is not my impression.
I am planning to return to try a specialty sausage and their fries.
I will update my review if the next visit changes my mind.

I thought the word "hipster chic" best describes OSS.
I had the drunken ducky and it was good.
I would have preferred a little less cranberry, but the sausage was great.
The service was also very attentive.

Went there today for lunch and found it very tasty.
I had the "egg roll" sausage, which was topped with Chinese-style vegetables and a drizzle of slightly spicy honey mustard and crowned with little fried wonton-like crunchies.
My boyfriend had the bahn mi sausage, which was generously topped with peppers, daikon radishes, cilantro, carrots, and chili mayo.
The cheese curds were nice and gooey.
Apparently there will be somewhat of a rotating menu, so while I'm not sure we'll always be able to get these particular sausages, there'll be other intriguing things to try.
I might try the vegan sausages next time.
Other features - community style tables (but individual chairs rather than a bench), sturdy Mason jars for our water, nifty decor with a welcoming feel.
Looking forward to going there again :)

I couldn't help myself and I went back two days after my initial review and ate in instead of taking it to go.
I ordered The "Dining Room" and fries.
The Dining Room was described as "A Habanero spiced pork sausage, topped with a roasted poblano sour cream, crispy tortilla strips, and fresh cilantro.
" I expected it to be spicy and delicious.
It was barely spicy and the sausage was so dry I couldn't finish my last bite.
I don't know if the etiquette is that I should have asked for something different, but I didn't want to give up after the first bite.
Either way, I was very disappointed because I like my sausages to be nice and juicy.
Now about the fries:  They were a very good value.
They had good flavor.
However, my personal preference is that fries are crispy.
These fries seemed to be flash fried.
They had a nice color but they were soft and mushy.
I took them back to the office and my coworker ate them, so maybe you'll like them if you like fries that aren't crispy.
I really wanted to like this place, but I don't think I will return.

Went to OSS for lunch today.
We had hotdogs, fries, and cheese curds.
Food was delicious, small portions on the fries and cheese curds but food was cheap very yummy.
Restaurant has very nice decoration.
They had a good selection of beers that they serve in mason jars.
Be careful, the restaurant is Cash Only, so come prepared( they do have a fee free atm but it was a little finicky for me) .

I went with my boyfriend today.
We got the Mushroom and Swiss and the Drunky Duck.
Both were very good.
I preferred the duck and he preferred the mushroom.
It's a cool looking space.
The tables have little gears in them giving it a cool steam punk touch.
The staff were very helpful and nice.
They have a solid tap selection - Karben4, Ale Asylum, New Glarus.
The prices are also fair.
Definitely not overpriced.
My only constructive criticism would be that the buns are lackluster.
They should have them baked locally or make their own.
They just couldn't compare to the delicious meat and fixings inside of them.
Obviously they weren't bad, but just when compared to the gourmet level sausage...
It is no way a reason I won't be back here a few days from now to try another sausage variety.
Seriously so good.
Rather I hope they see this and up the ante (whole wheat!
- *nudge nudge*).
All in all you must come try this place.
I'm excited to support a new local business and can't wait to try the cheese curds other yelpers are raving about!

Every new restaurant has growing pains.
This one is no different.
A coworker and I went for lunch on a Friday.
We got there at 11:10 to find the doors still locked.
After trying to pry them open a few times a worker came and opened them for us, apologizing and feeling probably a little bad he forgot to unlock them.
Not a huge deal but definitely the sign of a new place.
The menu was very nicely labelled and easy to read and ordering was not an issue.
The place is cash only, but there is a fee-free ATM inside to grab some cash.
A gentleman that ordered after us attempted to pay with a $100.
The cashier was pretty nervous as he said he didn't deal with a bill that size before and didn't know if there was special procedure.
The customer ended up paying in singles.
Another sign of a new restaurant.
Like a chipotle the kitchen is in plain view for the customers to see.
You would think employees that are handling cooked food would be wearing gloves while preparing the orders.
Nope, not here.
Even the manager snagged a few of my fries to eat himself while I was watching.
Extremely unprofessional and unsanitary (though he did offer us some overcooked cheese curds, so that's good I guess?).
The food was great.
The chicago dog very authentic (being from chicagoland) and the fries were seasoned and cooked for just the right amount of time.
A little pricey at $7.50* for the combo, but good nonetheless.
The thing that irked me with this place was the food handling.
I expect employees to be gloved when making food and packing it into containers, especially when it's done right in front of the customer.
Up the service and sanitation a bit and this place will get a 5 star review.
*-Tax is included in the price on the menu board.
A HUGE plus.

Went to OSS for a late dinner this evening.
A few things were a bit usual for this place, the entrance on the side instead of the front, cash only policy, and a very eclectic menu on "sausages.
" The decor was pretty cool.
We were the only table while we ate, but I should imagine a group of friends enjoying quick eat in this place.
They serve alcohol, too.
We had one chill hot dog and a banh mi.
The service was super fast.
Both were really delicious.
This is certainly a very Americanized version of Banh mi the Vietnamese sandwich, but I felt the green chili pepper and cilantro worked really well with the sausage.
My only reservation is its relative small portion size, especially if you compare OSS with subway or chipotle.
I know, i know, this might not be a fair comparison.
OSS is still a pretty decent budget fast casual restaurant that I would return to.

I was in Madison and wanted to see what really good cheese curds taste like, and I had read that this place has 'em.
But even more thrilling was that OSS is also a wonderfully creative cafe with excellent fare all the way around, great atmosphere, and a friendly staff.
The cheese curds were indeed excellent: they were of the cheddar variety, and they were fresh, lightly fried, and not too salty.
But this place specializes in sausages, and the have very creative and unique sausage combinations.
I had the Banh Mi and The Dining Room.
They both tasted great, and were prepared with care, although I will say that the Dining Room sausage was a bit dry and consequently had a mealy texture.
Another problem was the arrangement of the overall sandwich on the bun:  The bun was a bit too small, so the heap of cilantro and other things on top were impossible to keep in place, and I don't think I ever got a single bite with both the sausage and its toppings.
The Banh Mi did not suffer from the moisture issue, but the arrangement was still too awkward to enjoy without most of the ingredients spilling out of the bun.
The decor attempts to emphasize the hacker or *maker* theme with lots of copper pipes, valves, tubes of bubbling liquids, cogs, etc., that give it a sort of upscale garage laboratory feel.
Herbie Hancock and Charles Mingus, two great innovators in their own rights, were both played while I was eating, so... Obviously hitting all my soft spots.
The staff was very friendly, and there was a great selection of beers on tap to boot.
Definitely recommend!
I hope they can solve their logistics issues with the composition of the sandwiches.

Wow, what a great addition to the Regent Street area!
We tried three sausages: regular deep fried, Chicago and Bahn Mi.
All we great, moist, good snap to the casing and a little mess but that should be expected.
As a side we had cheese curds, light airy batter with squeaky cheddar inside!
Tap list was also fabulous, way better than average!
They had New Glarus Black Top on tap!!!!!!!!
I love the esthetics!
Comfortable for collage students, but warm enough for families or game day goers!
Service was stellar....5 stars!
Spoke with the owners and management staff, personable and excited about their product!
All staff were on top of there game and educated about menu.
We learned all sausages are sourced locally in Green County where they work collaboratively with the sausage make to develop personalized meats!

Went in for lunch this morning with 2 other people in my group.
Clean, small menu, fresh ingredients and great food.
Food - I got the Banh Mi, absolutely delicious with the jalapeños to add in the right amount of spice.
Loved it and will be getting this again for sure.
My companions got a Chicago dog and a regular hot dog.
They both loved it.
Next time, we will do the fried dog, I'm sure it will be great crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.
Fries and cheese curds also done well.
For vegans and vegetarians, they substitute the vegan dog in any of their signature dogs, so this place has variety :) Decor - Love the industrial feel, casual and Midwestern.
Very well done.
They do have communal seating, so keep that in mind if you are looking for a quiet date night (although I feel it will be perfect if you are the fun kind).
Plus, they have really paid attention to detail here, from mason jar glasses to serve you drinks and beer - it's the small things that make a difference.
Staff are very helpful and guide us through.
Many a time, I have walked into a place and wondered do I order first or sit down and I'm very lost.
The folks here have great customer service.
In all, a good addition to the Regent neighborhood, and I will go back for sure, especially since they will have a summer menu and I want to get as much of the Banh Mi as possible before they move it out :)

Went there for a take-away lunch today, Brat with relish and kraut, and fries.
Really excellent.
I've asked if they have retail sales, and the answer is not yet.
Would love to get a variety to grill at home.
But I'll definitely go back.

Been there twice now...Very friendly staff.
FANTASTIC fresh-made fries are a great deal.
The curds are among the best in town and a great deal too - it's not a huge order, but you certainly get your $4 bucks worth.
LOVE the siracha (sp?
) mayo.
However, $5.50 for a Chicago-style hot dog is just too much.
Sure it's a big hot dog and, make no mistake, it's tasty.
But when I can get a dog and fries for 2 or 3 bucks at just about any corner stand in the Chicago area, I just can't justify the prices at every hot dog place I've seen try to make it in the Mad city - including OSS.
Kudos on the selection of sausages they have on offer, but my sense is they won't be able to stick around too long unless they add some burgers and chicken sandwiches to the menu and let the sausage options be one of several strengths of their menu.
Did I mention the fries?
Oh - do stop by for an order of fries if you do nothing else.
btw - management: it's bordering on cruelty that you close at 11.
To let me fall in love with your curds but not allow me to buy them at bar time...just so wrong!
:o)

I feel like the Regent St. area is overall very lacking in quality food establishments, so anytime I hear of a new spot there, I never get too excited about it.
So, when a friend dragged me to OSS, I was anything but excited to check it out.
My expectations were low, especially because i'm an herbivore in what sounded like a carnivore's playground.
But OSS managed to well exceed my expectations, and has even become a place I actively try to make it out to!
This is because OSS has good and cheap food, and they also have the other aspects of a restaurant down well.
When I went, I was with a large group, and was easily able to find multiple large tables to accommodate us.
The staff happily greeted us when we came in, and made it a priority to explain all of the details of their menu.
The big selling point for me in particular:  They have VEGAN SAUSAGE!
IN MULTIPLE STYLES!
So obviously, I got myself the Italian with green peppers and onions.
It was delicious, and tasted just like the real thing.
My friends had some of the more speciality sausages, and also sang their praises for those.
We also tried a couple of sides (the cheese curds, and the hand cut fries), and both of those were very good.
The fries in particular are among some of the best i've had in Madison.
On top of all this, the restaurant itself is a fun looking spot.
It has plenty of large tables, seats that look more like they should be on a bicycle, and a lot of water tubes flowing around the walls.
My friends noted that they felt like the place had a "steampunk" vibe.
So, a great food menu, with a cool looking space, and some very fun and friendly employees make OSS a destination spot, especially in its prime Regent St location.

So a few months ago I taste a small piece of brat from this place and have been meaning to go ever since.
Finally- made it there.
They pretty much do only sausages, and a couple of sides.
Vegans and Vegetarians fear not- they have choices for you too- and I hear they are good from a coworker.
They have the traditional hotdog, brat, etc but then they have unique things like the Banh Mi inspired dog.
I went for lunch ordered the Doner Kabob and Cheese Curds to go.
The guy behind the counter said the cheese curds were best fresh fried, and the asked if I still wanted it.
I appreciated the honesty and said yes anyway.
The guy packing my food offered me a fresh cheese curd and it was awesome.
But a three minute walk to my work did not detract anything from them.
Loved the Siracha Mayo with the cheese curds.
Now to the Sausage, it definitely had some awesome Mediterranean flavors going on.
I LOVED it.
Did it taste like a doner kabob?
Not really.
But I can live with it.
A couple of small annoyance- they only take cash but they do have a free atm on site.
And its a tad pricey.
But OVERALL it is worth it and I will be back :-)

Was looking for a good dog driving through Madison.
Came into the place excited and really liking the staff, intention, and ambiance.
Left reasonably satisfied, though would likely venture a different location rather than return next time.
We got the Drunky Ducky, Banh Mi, and Chicago Style Dog.
Drunky Ducky - the Maple Bourbon flavored Duck sausage didn't stand a chance next to the heavy/ syrupy cranberry sauce.
Great idea but ended up tasting like a jelly sandwich with a little mustard, onion, and oh yea, a sausage.
Chicago Style Dog - all around a good dog but the the toppings and huge volume of bread made every bite wanting more dog.
Banh Mi - definitely favorite of the three.
Unique in the fact that it tastes like a fairly good Bahn Mi sandwich, except, it's a hot dog...  Biggest gripe is with the buns; soft and bleach white but too big in comparison to the dog, would be better smaller and toasted/ a little crispy.
The sausages are so good but get lost in the bread.
Would return but wouldn't go out of my way to do so.

BRILLIANT!
Ian's for sausages... and done well.
(That's lingo for Ian's Pizza for those of you non-Madisonians.
)   Strolled here with some co-workers last week and got to try the Doner Kabob (which tasted almost like a gyro), Curry & Fundido.
Doner Kabob was the best but I wouldn't recommend skipping those curds or fries... they are worth.
the.
calories!
Can't wait to hit up OSS again!

The fries are awesome, no doubt there.
Been there twice and had the Korean BBQ brat once and the Phuket (Thai) brat the second time.
The Korean BBQ brat was overwhelmed by the Kimchi and you couldn't really taste much beyond that.
The Phuket though?
Amazing.
Coconut milk on a brat is astoundingly good.
Restaurant also gets style points for the (evolving?
) steampunky theme and the clever use of OSS throughout.
Example: soda lids are "Our Spill Stoppers"  Great, laid back place for a long weekday lunch - with good beers on tap, to boot.
You may not make it back to work afterwards ;-)

Visited OSS (Open Source Sausages) Madison on a Sunday afternoon for an early dinner and we were impressed from the start.
The building looks old but renovated very nicely.
Has a trendy 'gears' motif that is nice and welcoming.
We were greeted as we walked in and checked out the ordering board of a selection of various sausages and sandwiches.
Very creative menu going from regular sausages (hot dog, bratwurst, polish) to upscale combinations like a Banh Mi and a Drunky Ducky.
SO many choices - I went with the Chicago Hot Dog (I know boring right...) and my wife got the Smoked Brat.
The Chicago dog was very tasty, good sausage - but the bun to meat ratio seemed a bit off.
My wife thought her's was ok too but probably wouldn't go with smoked next time as the flavor wasn't her style and the casing was a bit tough.
We also ordered a special of the day, Buffalo Cheese Curds!
Yum!
those were really good and another unique idea.
What slight shortcomings there were in taste were more than made up by service and enthusiasm.
The guy that took our order was very friendly and helpful.
He brought the food out to us and even check on us to see if we needed anything else.
Another manager/owner stopped by later and say HI as well and told us about a new outdoor patio/garden they would be adding very soon.
We were really happy to have tried OSS and plan to return to try other menu options as well as check out the patio when its done.
They guys running this place are doing things right and adjusting to make people happy along the way.
Looking forward to stopping by again soon.

Hot dogs, polish sausage, brats all done well with some atmosphere.
Tried the Chicago dog and the Polish sausage.
Tasty, well prepared.
No relish on the Chicago dog however.
But still good.
If there is a food item that Madison cries out for it is a good place for hot dogs and Italian beef.
OSS is filling a lot of that void.
Hits: friendly staff, prices are ok a tad high for the food.
$4.50 for a hot dog seems a little high.
Beer is served as well.
Misses: prices are just a little high, noisy to carry on a conversation.
I think if you added some sound deadening panels would improve the sound.
No credit cards you have to pay cash or use the ATM inside to get the cash.
No parking, need to borrow a space at Dean across the street.
Wi-fi is free but need to have a mad city wifi account.
Not provided by OSS.

I've visited OSS three times and I've had a great experience each time.
They have a terrific selection of vegetarian/vegan sausages, and they have some of the best cheese curds in all of Madison.
The atmosphere is fun and clean and the employees are always extremely friendly.
Previously, they did not accept credit cards, but they do now.

