Very nice presentation and plating.
High end tasting food at about 10 per plate.
Relaxed atmosphere, great soda machines and very clean feeling.
It's worth the trip.
Only complaint is a slow line to order and the digital menus are small print and hard to read.
Great place.
Give it a try.

Great place with delicious food!
When you advertise yourself as serving "pure clean food with a twist," you had better live up to expectations!
And Blue Lemon does.
I've been there twice now, once to dine in and once for takeout, and was pretty blown away each time.
This is a counter-order restaurant, and I actually like that since it cuts down on price and dining wait time.
The food is indeed healthy and served very well.
The ingredients are pretty great, too.
I was really surprised at the number of sun-dried tomatoes in my fettucine alfredo.
Those, along with a generous amount of portobello mushrooms and spinach, made this dish a nice surprise.
My favorite thing on the menu has to be the tomato bisque soup.
It is truly excellent.
My son pronounced the kids' chicken tenders meal as excellent, and I saw kids at a nearby table devouring their macaroni.
Nice decor and atmosphere, too.
Like the previous reviewer, I also think the digital menus were a little hard to read, but the line wasn't long for me at all.
The staff tries to make it easier on you by giving you takeout menus to read while in line, but I think once people become familiar with the menu and concept those complaints will go away.
In a land of gross chain restaurants with tons of fried, fatty food, I'm so glad that this place has landed in my neighborhood.

I tried so hard to like this place but the food--at least what I ordered--just wasn't very good.
I got the artichoke spinach cheese dip which came with flatbread and fresh cut veggies.
Sadly, the veggies (alone) were my favorite part.
A previous Yelper mentioned the tomato bisque as being something to try and I was super disappointed--it was just meh.
Wildflower and Cafe Zupas soups put it to shame.
Good things?
The restaurant itself is stunning--all brand new.
Lots of attentive servers=great service.
Fancy soda machines.
Decent prices.
The smoothie bar looked cute.
Ugh!
I feel like I'm fishing here...
I think I will be back again to see if I just had a bout of horrible ordering.
The breakfast menu did look promising.

Came here for lunch today I think they are still working some kinks out.
The restaurant itself is nice looking and clean.
I ordered the turkey avocado sandwich on a spinach wrap it was $10 with no sides.
It was pretty good nothing amazing.
I will probably go back to try the raspberry chicken salad that looked good.

Oh Utah chains, you have managed to disappoint me again.
I ordered takeout from blue lemon last night since it is close to work, and it's hard to find vegetarian fare in our cafeteria.
Getting takeout is confusing because there is no separate line or register.
I went on a busy Friday night so I proceeded to the espresso bar to skip the line.
The girl working was the one who had taken my order.
I followed her over to the area where they were expediting food only to find out that my order had never crossed over to the kitchen.
She told me it would only take a couple minutes for it to be ready.
I explained I was on a break from work, and it needed to be done as quickly as possible.
I waited 10 minutes more for my order.
When someone finally handed me a bag, he asked "is this your order?
" I asked, "is that the black bean ravioli?
" He answered, "I think so.
" Exasperated, I opened up my to-go box, and he said "Is that right?
" I don't understand how he didn't know what the dish was supposed to look like.
No one was remotely apologetic about the delay.
The ravioli tasted okay, but they didn't sauté the vegetables properly because it was made so quickly.
After a while, all I could taste was raw spinach and onions.
It took a lot of breath mints to get the taste out of my mouth.
Poor service and poor food means they won't be getting a second chance from me.

We went before our trip to Hawaii a few days back, just great food and service.
We went back last evening when we returned and we are still impressed.
Matt the manager takes time to visit every table.
What a nice change from most places.

I was so excited to try this place and unfortunately I didn't like it.
Came here tonight with my sister.
Walked in and it's cute, clean, bright and decorated really nicely.
But the menus on the wall are so difficult to read!
The print is too small.
We were about the 5th group in line to order and waited about 20 minutes to get to the counter {it is an order at the counter and seat yourself kind of place- which I like} quite a long wait- but no worries it's new.
We ordered sweet potato fries, artichoke and spinach dip and a pear and Gorgonzola salad.
The girls taking the orders were nice enough just slow moving.
We take our sit and within 30 seconds our salad and fries are out.
First thing I think - ok so not fresh food.
Boy was I right!
Soggy fries with a very weird almost tasteless dip.
I'm gonna go ahead and say those fries were frozen.
They went from warm to cold in about two minutes.
The salad was especially not impressive.
The pear was mushy and bruised, cheap tasteless "Gorgonzola", a few grapes, and carrots.
Dressing was ok but for $9 this was way overpriced.
No cheese barely and also small, very small.
The spinach artichoke dip actually grossed me out.
Comes with pita bread, carrots, cucumbers and celery.
The veggies were dripping with water and again- bruised cucumber.
The dip was horrible- warm not hot and just not a good taste.
It's hard to write this review for a place that I want to like so badly but the quality of food isn't there.
For a restaurant that advertises fresh they may want to stop reheating their food.
1 star for decor and cleanliness.
Sorry Charlie I won't be back.

Food was great for you and tasted even better!!!
I recommend this place for a healthy meal!!

Really disappointing.
We had heard good things and Blue Lemon failed to deliver everywhere.
This is an order-at-the-counter place.
They say "gourmet express" on their cups.
Unfortunately it was neither gourmet nor express.
The line to place the order had 4 or 5 groups in front of us.
There are two registers, but only one was open.
We waited 15-20 minutes to place our order.
What was disappointing is that the place was almost empty and there were 5 or so staff standing around waiting for food to come out of what appears to be a very small kitchen for the size of the restaurant.
They probably can't open the second register, as it would slam the tiny kitchen.
We sat down and waited for our meal which didn't seem to take too long to arrive.
Unfortunately, the food had been cooked a while before we received it because the steak was cold.
Not cool or slightly warm, but actually cold.
The sweet potato fries were both cold and soggy.
Not fresh, not hot and not crispy.
The tasty-sounding short rib sandwich was not very flavorful, not very warm and had not so great iceburg lettuce.
Back to the steak.
Did you know they do not have a steak knife in the whole restaurant?
This made for a comical moment as our son wanted to take a turn at trying to cut the steak with the knife and ended up sliding the plate around so much that it flew off the table.
:)  This concept, price and menu has some similarities to Liberty Market in Downtown Gilbert.
Except that Liberty Market is really good.
This is terrible.

I was impressed with the overall experience and will return again .
Sure, every start-up has kinks to work out, but it is very evident that this concept will be successful in Gilbert.
The food was a bit pricy for an order at the counter type of restaurant, but the food quality did not disappoint.
All of the staff were very friendly and helpful.
I look forward to trying something new when I return.

Enjoyed breakfast here.
Staff was very friendly.
My coffee was warm not hot as I usually enjoy but they brought me another cup fresh and hot :)

Amazing food, great service.
The complaints below are absolutely shocking.
Repeat customer :)!

seriously people they just opened they are bound to have a couple of bad nights!
I have been there twice now and yes my service was slower than i like the 1st night however the food was awesome!
tell me where else can you get a fresh piece of salmon cooked perfectly in this town for 14 bucks.
Braised short rib was also good.
My 2nd time we had tacos, i had the carne asada and they were good but my wife had the seafood tacos and they were the best i ever tasted period.
i suggest wait a week or two and try again, this place has great potential for good food at reasonable prices.

I want to give this place more stars, I have hopes that it will get better.
We ordered the spinach artichoke dip.
The order came out before we were even seated.
The spread of dip and veggies was nicely displayed and the dip was tasty.
I ordered the steak salad with the heirloom potatoes.
Overall I liked it, I felt like the portion was a little small for the $10 I paid.
I do feel like the dressing could have been a little more seasoned or a few more toppings could have been tossed into the salad.
The sandwiches I saw coming out looked very yummy and I would be willing to go back and try that sometime.
This place would be even more appealing to me if they offered gluten free breads and were Non-GMO and or organic.

Average food, lousy service, dirty utensils and a fly was on our food!
The gal that brought us our food didn't even care (or so it seems).
Bad management!
Get a grip and you just might make it.

Went to check this place out with my family since there aren't too many healthy food restaurants in the area.
Service was blah....
I ordered the fish tacos with corn tortillas... please don't order this!
First the tortillas were so stiff on my plate that they were already broken up.
I have eaten better tortillas at Walmart!
I ask someone for new tortillas and they brought out the same type, hard, broken and difficult to eat.
I will not return I ordered 1 glass of wine, fish tacos which I ended up eating probably 1 taco it came with nothing else I spent $21.00.
No thanks not worth it.
Sorry don't waste your time.
I would rather go to Pita Jungle!

I think that if everyone can get past the location they will love this restaurant!
The fish tacos are excellent the breakfasts are great the turkey burger is fabulous!
Although I am not a fan of the cafeteria style beginning the food is excellent and worth your time!

My co workers and I are big fans.
Most dishes we've had have been great, though the turkey burger was only meh.

Amazing food!
The mushroom and feta flatbread, the mint mango salad, and the fire roasted Anaheim chicken sandwich were outstanding.
Definitely coming back all the time!
I'm confused about the people not liking the service, because you're supposed to go up to the counter and order your food and sit down until the food comes out.
The servers were very attentive I thought.
Overall I'm a huge fan!
Great, fresa, and local beers and wines.

My wife and I were very excited to try this place as it is close to our home and the marketing on the website shows a very neat, clean and fun place to dine.
We arrived early Sunday (3/9/14) morning around 8:00 AM, we were not the first there but there was by no means a crowd of people.
The place was clean looking so our hopes were high...we ordered our breakfast and found a table and waited to try the food!
We waited, waited and waited some more...finally a young server came over and delivered our coffee...which had a nice presentation but a lousy flavor or more correctly a lack of flavor.
We waited some more...and more and after about 25 minutes breakfast arrives...again looking forward to it.
The food was cold...not kind of warm but ice cold.
The eggs were burnt, the potatoes looked cooked, the ham was burnt and the toast was burnt...and all of it ice cold.
The crepes were also ice cold.
We informed the young server and now waited for someone to approach and deal with this problem.
The manager went into hiding and sent the young server to deal with the problem...It ain't over yet folks....the young server could not deal with the refund on my card (used to pay for the ice cold meals) but needed her manager...waited some more...finally went up to the bar (where the young server was working) and she just took cash out of the till to refund me part of my breakfast.
The manager never showed her face to deal with this problem.
This is bad customer service, lousy food which in turn means that I will tell everyone I know not to go to the Blue Lemon as it is just that...a LEMON!

Wow!
Healthy food that tastes good!
This place is excellent and caters to gluten free.
I had the Chicken Lemon BLT and side of Brussels sprouts.
Yummers!
Food comes out super fast and portions are just right so you don't walk out in a food coma.

I'm shocked to see all the negative reviews of this place.
My wife and I went yesterday for lunch, and absolutely loved it.
I ordered the tomato artichoke panini, and she ordered the Anaheim chicken sandwich.
We both had the spinach pear salad.
The presentation was beautiful and the food was really good.
We'll definitely be back.

As a resident of the dining wasteland of Gilbert, AZ, I am hopeful this place will get a lot better.
Our experience was not so good.
I have heard great things about Blue Lemon and  their unique menu.
The decor is cool and hip.
You order at a walk up counter and they bring you your food.
My group of 5 ordered a turkey burger (dry and not worth $8), tuna salad (great), braised beef (excellent), bbq sandwich (very good) and black bean ravioli (also very good).
The real problem was the staff.
The cashier added a $5 mystery charge and then did not know how to remove it.
The food came at different times.

Food is pretty good, but definitely a lack is customer service.
I went through an entire breakfast meal before receiving my coffee, which was cold when finally delivered.
I do believe it will get better with time, but they need to invest in some quality service training and attentiveness.

The first time I ordered the food was great.
I ordered the bananas foster french toast.
It was great without being too sweet.
The second time I ordered the eggs Benedict.
The eggs came out like hard boiled egg's usually don't send back food, but I did this time, because they took care of it quickly and the second order was cooked correctly I am still giving them 5 stars.
I haven't done lunch or dinner there yet, but so far the breakfast is fantastic

I've tried this place twice.
The first time was for dinner.
We got the hummus plate and the fish tacos.
The fish tacos were actually pretty good.
I felt it was a bit pricey for what you got but it was decent food.
This time I went back for breakfast.
Not so good.
I got an omelette that was tasteless and my hubby got a breakfast wrap which was also tasteless.
The service was also very poor.
I really wanted  to like this place because I think it has great potential.
I'm thinking the management may be the issue here.
A lot of young servers with no training and the food is just above par.
Too bad....

I have to admit, I was like the early reviewers - excited to try a new place that was healthy with a twist.
When you walk in, Blue Lemon entices you with its clean, open and airy layout and pops of color.
I was teetering between a salad or burger and from the staff's recommendation went for my protein intake.
So based on that, I had high hopes for the Black and Blue burger.
I rarely write negative reviews and even more rarely send food back but this was the first exception.
My burger was more than over charred, dry to the point that the house fry sauce couldn't revive the meat.
Additionally, my sweet potato fries were so soggy.
It seemed the temperature got cross wired between the entree and side dish.
So I waited with anticipation for the second attempt only to discover my fries to be blackened and my burger not quite burnt but surely overdone.
The staff is young and in need of strong management for customer service training.
No one checked to see if the chef corrected the first mistake, and secondly, my friend brought the redo to me.
Very disappointed for Gilbert on this eatery and hope they can manage to turn things around.
I think I would have been happier with a double double protein style.

Living in VVL we were so excited to hear about Blue Lemon opening that also served beer & wine.
We love heathy eating and from that stand point the menu options are pretty good.
Where I feel Blue Lemon has completely dropped the ball is with good old fashion customer service.
The training of their staff has to be non-existent as they are very unfriendly and seemingly unknowledgeable.
Gilbert is a family community where simple kindness and developing relationships with your patrons will go miles for a small business.
We tried breakfast one morning and honestly we thought the food was good and  decent value.
The challenge was that my breakfast came out 5+ minutes earlier than my wife's so by the time I was over halfway thru my breakfast she finally received hers.
Poor kitchen efficiency.
Lastly we were so excited to see that they had an outside patio and bar area!
I don't know who chose their furniture outside but it has to be some of the most uncomfortable metal chairs and stools I have ever experienced.
I truly hope they figure everything out as this community does support small business but they have a lot of fine tuning to do before I will make another visit.

The WORST lunch experience I've had in ages.
I don't often write bad reviews and I love when Gilbert gets a new, healthy-alternative restaurant, but this was just so bad from start to finish that I am compelled to give feedback.
First, we arrived at 11:30AM to beat the lunch rush only to stand in line for a full 30 minutes before getting to order.
This gave us ample time to review the beautiful digital menu boards hanging over the front counter.
However, when we placed our order we were informed that those menus were not current and we should have been looking at the paper menus (available at the front of the line when you reach the cash register).
So what we had planned to order was no longer available on the menu.
I opted for the Steak and Heirloom Potato Salad for around $11.
It was 80% greens, which happened to be the best part of the salad.
The potatoes were so undercooked that they were crunchy when I bit into them and the "steak" tasted like it was either microwaved or rancid...not sure which.
The croutons were burnt to black, didn't try them.
The tomatoes were wrinkled and mushy.
The other ingredients that were supposed to be on the salad: creamy gorgonzola and caramelized red onions, were nowhere to be found.
I ate some greens and then quit.
I was feeling nervous for an employee to ask me about it because I never send food back, but no worries, no one ever came by to check how everything was or attempt to remove my plate even though we sat there for about an hour.
Such a disappointing experience.
We won't be back any time soon.

Deceiving slogan: not pure, clean food.
Not fresh.
Tasted like cafeteria food.
Poor service to boot.

Stupidly I ignored the bad reviews--figured Blue Lemon would have seen them and worked to improve.
Sadly the reviews are pretty accurate.
Met 4 friends for lunch today and told the order taker we wanted all food out at the same time.
Two plates came out pretty quickly and after almost 10 minutes we asked one of the boys to check.
He did not come back but was yakking with a coworker so I asked him did he check.
Yes, it will be out soon.
WTF?
Are they brain dead?
The food we got was tasty but skimpy portions (very little turkey on avocado turkey sandwich) and no chips or sides come with the $9 sandwich.
There does not appear to be a manager or owner on the premises.
The line moves very slowly.
I would go to Wildflower or Paradise Bakery and would not go back to Blue Lemon.

We've been at the Blue Lemon twice.
Once for breakfast and once for dinner.
We won't be hurrying back.
The food was delivered before we were settled in our chairs.
Not once did the server come back to our table.
The food was good though.
As for the operation of the restaurant itself I give it a failing grade.
That is the lack of training from ownership and management.

I am glad I didn't read the other reviews before deciding to stop here!
The service was friendly and prompt when I went there on a Saturday afternoon.
There were a handful of other patrons, but it was by no means busy.
You order at the counter and get your own drink, then a server will bring you your food.
I ordered an Avocado and Turkey sandwich on cibatta bread, and my order was delivered in good time.
The food was good, but could have been a bit better--certainly nothing to complain about.
I would have used avocado slices instead of a spread, but that is just my personal taste.
No one came to check on how I was doing after the food was dropped off.
I felt that the cost of meal was on the high side for a place that doesn't really have waiters so much as delivery people (about $10-$12 bucks for most sandwiches, and it didn't come with any sides or garnish of any kind), but I didn't feel completely cheated, either.

The atmosphere of the restaurant is very nice.
It was clean and had hip vibe about the place.
Service was good.
I order the roasted turkey avocado sandwich.
The sandwich was tasty and had a good bread to meat ratio.
I liked the avocado.
It was a little heavy on the aioli.
My disappointment was in the price for what you received.
The sandwich was a good size, but for $9 it should come with some small side (fruit, veggies, chips, cup of soup etc.
)  It would make the plate look better and for the price of the sandwich I think it is expected.
Not sure I will return because of the value.
I have eaten a many lunch places and it didn't seem the price met value for what you received.

Love the concept of savory, clean eating.
4 visits layer and I'm finally convinced they are not able to provide a good consistent dining experience.
The first time the food was good service terrible.
2nd visit (early on a Friday night) out of flat bread... What restaurant runs out of one of their signature items before the biggest dinning out night of the week?
We got bbq beef sandwiches which were awesome... but they brought out sweet potato fries that were burnt black.
One thing to burn them another to serve them.
You can see our dilemma...
They showed promise but never delivered.
3rd visit more of the same.
4th visit I thought I'd try for breakfast.
An hour past opening time, the door was open, no sign off a breakfast menu, nobody at the counter, not another person dining, staff see me but ignore me for 4 minutes.
As I leave someone finally says "good morning.
we are open".
Too late!

Go to Pita Jungle if you want really good healthy food at a reasonable price.
This place does not deliver.
This place claims to be healthy but they seem to be extremely heavy on the butter.
Even though they clearly pre-make some of their "fresh" food service is sloooowww.
I tried to find something positive to say but I couldn't find anything.

My wife and I took her aunt here for breakfast.
When our order was brought out everything looked good.
It was not until I cut into my omelet that we realized that was not the case.
Raw egg oozed out all over the plate.
I waited for a while for the wait staff to return and had to go bring one back to the table.
They were not understaffed or busy.
I think they had 12 staff members and 4 tables of people including ours.
When they returned with my corrected order, it was not what I ordered.
It had everything on it I asked not to have and nothing I originally ordered.
I would have sent it back again, except who I was there with had finished eating.
I won't even go into how long it took for a coffee refill.
If you don't mind waiting for service or lack of, can enjoy something you probably didn't order, this is the restaurant for you!

Had breakfast here yesterday.
My daughter and I were one of two tables in the whole place.
It was just before 9am.
Food was fine and prompt...
Although a teeny bit pricey.
Just as most people have said - service is terrible.
No one checked on us the whole time.
I had to find someone to get a box for the other half of my wrap.
They weren't understaffed by any means - 2 girls at the registers when we walked in, one sitting at the bar eating & a guy was sweeping.
As a matter of fact, he & the girl that took/delivered our order were both sweeping within 5 feet of one another.Then a hotel shuttle dropped off 2 older, manger-looking guys...
So was there no management for the 2 hours they'd been open?
It was kind of odd.
I think the place is cute and could be fun if they trained their staff to be more customer service oriented.
And I only happened upon it driving through the parking lot, yet I live less than 2 miles away.
Are they doing any advertising?
There's a whole community they're missing out on just around the corner.
But they've got to get their staffing right before they expect to show people a good time.
Final thought...
Sat on the patio as the weather was very cool & felt the only thing missing was a beach :) oh, and our server to see how we were doing.
The end.

I wish Yelp had an option for ZERO stars.
This place should be called RANCID LEMON!

I'm not sure which restaurant the other reviewer was talking about.
To me it seems like a self serve restaurant.
As you walk in you step up to a counter to order.
The first thing you notice is how incredibly beautiful it is.
The decor is minimalist meets shabby chic meets cafeteria, sort of.
It's very hard to describe, but it's very attractive.
The dichotomy between what you think it is and what it actually is happens to be very striking.
It's like fast food but with serious gourmet style.
The menu is wildly diverse.
From sandwiches to gourmet entrees to breakfast; this place has everything you could want.
It seems rather new so there were some hiccups; I asked for healthy vegetarian and the guy taking my order had to ask someone, but it's only been open a few months.
I'm pretty sure it will get up to speed pretty quickly.
I ordered (to go - but I had to sit at a table and wait for it) the fresh black bean ravioli and let me tell you it was some of the best ravioli I've ever had in my life.
Bar none.
It was also VERY affordable.
The portion size was perfect and it was about $10.
And did I mention it was AWESOME?
It was sitting on a bed of fresh spinach and surrounded by salsa fresca and sauteed vegetables julienne style.
The roasted red pepper cream sauce didn't seem all that healthy, but it didn't seem unhealthy; no thick heavy cream taste.
It was light and delicious.
I almost fainted, seriously.
The food is GREAT.
You get your drinks from a fountain machine and all your condiments are on pretty shelf.
It's just a really nice place.
The people are incredibly helpful and polite.
I highly recommend this place.
The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five was because of the wait (it advertises as 'express gourmet') and because I think the staff should really learn the menu a little better.
Other than that it's definitely a new favorite!

I've eaten at this new place several times.
I have enjoyed it each time.
The mango mint chicken salad kills it every time.
Hummus is good.
Environment is bright.

Most delicious and unique food we've experienced in East Gilbert...money well spent...I enjoy this place every time I go!!!
Stumbled upon it in March; have not stopped recommending it to my friends :))) Suggestion: Order something different every tim & share..enables sampling  the fantastic variety offered on the menu.
Minimal interruptions allow for more time for socializing, as well as experiencing some SERIOUSLY good food.
Ambiance: bright / open/ uplifting/ very clean.
I love, love, LOVED the patio, and feel the whole place tucks you in, away from the busyness of a typical day.
Food delivered quickly, but not in a "cafeteria" vibe/style, perfect for our always hhhhuuuunnngggry selves!
It has a more "Joe's BBQ"/"Liberty Market"/Joe's Farm Grill & Coffee shop  vibe.
Come in, get your food delivered, sit, enjoy, hang out.
Definitely not designed to be a place that you are "tended" to, and I am SO okay with that :).
I would personally not hesitate to pop back over to one of the counters and ask; employees seem very open and efficient - they've been polite & helpful for every visit.
Go w/expectation of GREAT food & uniterrupted time to connect w/your crew.
Food sampled: Hummus Plate (tasty, tasty treat!
),Mango Mint Salad (truly mouthwateringl!!
), Pear and Gorgonzola Spinach Salad(umm, sooo good!
), Grilled Balsamic Chicken Panini (per my request: sans onions & gluten free style; SENSATIONAL!
), Roasted Turkey Avocado Sand.
(sister ate it so fast i only got a nibble...best nibble ever!
:) Black Bean Raviolis (Ahhh, Double Yumm!
), best /favorite part -(did I mention their great patio??
lol) HUGE cup of coffee paired with the most FANTASTIC German Chocolate Cake....there went my gluten-free goal...but have to say: SOOOOO WORTH IT!
Going back today to try breakfast!!
If you see us out on that very cool patio, please do not interrupt us as we will be consumed with conversation and savoring something outstanding I'm sure.

Not the best first impression!
I just moved to the East Valley & drive by Blue Lemon daily to/from work.
I was very excited to try the healthy options take that Blue Lemon totes.
The atmosphere is very nice & decor contemporary cute!
It was a little cold inside but in AZ hard to complain about that.
I popped in and decided to get my order to-go.
I ordered Seared Tuna Entrée with side spinach salad.
It wasn't busy but I waited 30 min for my order!
There were probably 2-3 other tables seated.
During the 30 min I waited I was brought 2 other orders that weren't mine.
Then a server?
came over and asked what I had ordered.
The kitchen is an open concept & faces the dining room and there were 3 staff members standing in the kitchen talking while I sat and waited.
As I got up to go see what could be taking so long to sear tuna, my order was ready.
The young man who delivered it said "sorry" I commented "yeah 30 min!
" No attempt to make it right & regain my business.
The food was tasty but small portions for the price.
The rice/veggies were a little oily?
I'd like to try Blue Lemon again but not sure based on other reviews it's worth it.

Was excited about a new restaurant in gilbert close to home.
I have been to breakfast here three times lunch twice and will not be returning.
Service is non existent.
Food is mediocre at best.
Real could be a hit if they got some management that was actually on site.
I have only ever saw very young staff with no guidance and no service skills.
Tragic to have a new restaurant start out this way.

Let me start by saying NOT A FAN That being said, it is clean and new so that's a plus  It took a long time to stand and wait in line instead of being seated at a table and being served The staff seemed untrained and the register was not stocked to give change for a $20 and the register attendant was irritated and made some wild comments that would not go so well in a fine establishment The food is pricy but not worth it  I ordered the black and blue burger and sweet potato fries for an extra $2 The fries were stale and only 19 small fries for $2 not included with the entree is weird The burger was soggy, I mean gross soggy I could not eat a 1/3 of it and the bacon was cold and hard  The self serve drink machines get a line built up waiting for people that can't figure out how to use them since they are the all in one style  The bathroom was very clean and new so That's a plus  I doubt I will return I'm giving it 2 1/2 stars 3 since I can't choose 1/2 stars

This place has been on my list for a few weeks because as a vegetarian, I am a sucker for natural, organic places.
I wish I could say that I loved this place.
I really do.
I wanted to.
I tried.
*sigh* Didn't happen.
Pros: * The decor is cool and new.
* They have the cool drink station with tons of beverage options.
Cons: * The vegetarian offerings are slim unless you want to eat a ton of cheesy, simple white carbs as the options are either served on white bread or are a pasta.
* The food was very oily, which is not something i expect from a place that promotes healthy, clean food.
* They are pricey and the servings are small.
* NO nutrition info available anywhere.
I like to know how much fat, sugar, calories are in my meals.
* The staff was not knowledgeable about the menu.
When asking questions, we were either told that they didn't know or they simply read to us off the menu.
Seriously bummed out because I was so excited about trying this place and most Gilbert residents will agree that we need some good healthy options on the east side.

We went for breakfast and loved it.
We'd heard about BlueLemon in other cities and were eager to try it out.
It's a sit down place but you order at the counter and they deliver to the table.
It has the prices of good fast food with the ambience of a hip restaurant.
Lots of menu choices and full bar.
Has some nice high tech touches.
Really good, fresh food.
Prices are almost too good to be true for what u get.
Eggs Florentine for $8!
It's a fun, clean ambiance.
Definitely a unique dining formula that's well worth the visit.

I'm in LOVE with this place.
The Mediterranean salad is delish.
As is the flour-less chocolate cake.
Super friendly staff and nice atmosphere.
The only complaint I have is that I can not find any of the nutritional information online nor do they have it in the restaurant.

Tried this place on a Wednesday evening at 6:00pm.
Waited in line to order, way tooooo long.
The hostess gave me a locator.
It never lit up or vibrated, just sat on the table, along with 4 others, as all my friends paid separately.
My food (was fair) was served first and 3 others arrived about 10 minutes later.
This was awkward for me, to say the least.
The weird thing was the fifth meal never did come.
We went to the counter 3 times to inquire!!!
My friend finally got her sandwich, so we watched her eat as we had finished.
Bummer.
A waiter did come over to say they were understaffed.
They were not understaffed, just not organized at all.
Employees were literally loitering.
We did mention to the waiter he could bring a dessert to compensate.
He said he would look into it, and never came back.
I won't either!

Went here just after they opened up.
I was really hungry when I came here so I wasn't too picky but in hindsight I wanted the food to be better.
The food took forever to get to us.
My fries were under cooked.
Turkey bacon was limp and so were the greens in my husband's salad.
The food didn't taste bad really just a little below average but I like the concept and decor as well as the menu choices so hopefully they get their act together.
I might give them a second chance.

We come here at least twice a week.
The food is fresh and has gluten free options.
Can order to go as well and the portions are nice size.
We like the pear and Gorgonzola salad, sweet potato fries, squash soup, and steak salad.
Sometimes the line is long but they get to you fairly fast.
We love this place!

Blue lemon is a real cute place, the decor is great, love their little coffee bar area!
I ordered the Mediterranean salad with chicken it was yummy and light!
I would go again!

Ate there for the first and last time.
Let me start by saying the food was pretty good.
The price we paid for our meal was quite high for what we had and the serving sizes are small.
The wait to order was ridiculous.
It seemed to take us forever to get through the line.
We were told to find a table and they would bring our drinks over to us.
After almost 12 minutes my husband went to the front to find out when we we getting our drinks and were told to go to the bar and get them.
NICE!!!
Finally got the food but no one ever checked on us to see if we were satisfied with the food.
It was extremely noisy in there but there is very little to break up the noise.
Like eating in a warehouse.
Sorry but no repeat business from us.

Not sure why there are so many negative reviews.
The prices are fine, especially given the quality of food.
My husband and I have been here twice and ordered different things each time.
We've never been during a peak hour so I can't really speak to the lines.
Service has always been prompt and friendly.
The food is delicious!

Website hours don't match the actual store hours.
Call before you go to make sure they are even open.
2nd visit and 2nd disappointment.

For a "clean" restaurant they sure cut corners and give you nasty food.
I ordered the mango mint salad and it was supposed to have grilled chicken and sweet onions, yet the meat looked like cheap cold cuts and the onions looked like they came from a jar.
The "grilled" chicken was literally cold cuts.
The avocado looked like it has been sitting out all day.
Needless to say, I won't be eating here again.

We decided to give this place a try for breakfast today, wow what a disappointment.
I ordered the blue sunrise (2 eggs, turkey sausage, rosemary hash browns and sour dough toast) and my wife ordered the artisan breakfast sandwich.
When the order came out my potatoes were cold, the sour dough toast was cold and hard as a brick and my wife's "sandwich" incorrectly came out as a wrap.
We sent both back.
On the second try the sandwich was ok but my sourdough toast, although warm this time, was too hard to cut and the potatoes, although warm, still were looking for a sign that they made it to a hot pan.
Kind of a beige color.
I asked for jelly or jam for my toast, received a tub of marmalade- not my favorite.
The "side of fresh fruit"  that came with both breakfasts consisted of a couple of blueberries, a few slices of strawberries and slices of apple so sour we did not eat them.
We both had black coffee, which was very good and came in a large cup.
Not a fan of walking in and ordering at the front before sitting down, either.
The signage on the building says Pure Clean Food with a Twist.... not today.

I love this place!
We were greeted by a very pleasant young woman who seemed to like what she was doing.
She knew the menu and made recommendations.
The prices are great for the food.
Not sure why anyone is complaining about the prices.
Where are all of you eating (Country Buffet)?
I had the butternut Squash soup.
That was fantastic!
It was thick, great flavor and could have been a meal in itself.
I also had the Pear and Gorgonzola Spinach Salad except I substituted mixed greens for the spinach (I just hate raw spinach for some reason).
This substitution was made without any difficulty.
I loved the salad and it was huge.
Just the right amounts of pear, turkey bacon, and cheese without any one thing overwhelming the other.
And the dressing wasn't over done which a lot of places do by soaking the salad.
But not this one.
Just the right taste and balance.
My friend had a sandwich using lettuce leaves as she was trying to diet.
But she was able to use her extra calories for the sweet potato fries (another recommendation by the hostess).
She liked everything.
The food was brought out by super friendly staff members.
The decor is simple but super cute.
It's casual seating and we sat in the area with hip blue sofas.
The place has the feel of being super clean and mode.
I highly recommend Blue Lemon for healthy eating with great prices.

This place looks like it would be great.
But it's not!!!
It's an open kitchen and it looked like it has not been cleaned in forever!
The food was not seasoned at all and was not worth the price.
I went there for my first time in March and loved the food.
They must have a different chef now because the food showed it.
Will not be back and will tell everyone I know don't waste their time.
Food not worth the price and the time it takes to get your food

Conveniently located near the US 60.
It is a nice clean, open, modern restaurant and the staff has been friendly both times we went.
The food does taste fresh but the portions are small.
The steak tacos were really good.
I got them with corn tortillas even though they normally come with flour.
The guacamole was good but the salsa was very plain.
The second time I got the BBQ brisket sandwich which was okay.
The meet was a little tough but the bread was amazing.
Both times we have been the place has been pretty empty.
On the flipside the food does come out fast.
I also tried the german chocolate cake bites which were very good.
I will go back, assuming they can stay open.
Hopeful they can cover the rent payment on such a large place with the foot traffic they are getting.

