Tried this location a few times now and they seem to be well staffed, which I really appreciate - food served pretty quickly.
Plus, we were happy to find that not only are the subs great but salads are also good, especially for a sub place.
Would give it a 5 but they messed up one of our orders.

I'm so glad I finally have one close to Santan where I live.
Subs are great and staff is awesome.
I love the extensive selection of hot sauces.
Location is perfect and parking was not an issue.

This subs are AWESOME!!!
Seriously, have not had a bad sub yet.
The meatball is not the best, try others.
I really enjoy their take on hot sauce.
My stomach can not handle super hot sauce, so theirs is just right.
The staff is always polite and friendly.
Will be back for sure!

Great sandwiches!

We visited at lunchtime.
We had a short wait for our food and it was well worth the wait.
The hot steak and cheese sub was delicious.
The roll was soft and the steak, onion, pepper and cheese was warm and not greasy at all.
They offer the largest selection of hot sauce I have ever seen.
I am an unsweetened iced tea lover and they have the best thirst quenching tea.
My grandmother made awesome sweet tea when I was a child and they have the only sweet tea that taste like hers.
There is no doubt we are return customers.
I will even stop by for just an iced tea!

It appears I'm the wet blanket on all of these previously good reviews.
I ordered and paid online and went to the store no sooner than 20 minutes later.
When I arrived, I gave the gal behind the counter my name and she pulled out a sheet of paper with our order on it.
She proceeded to type it into the computer as if I had just walked in and ordered.
It took them another 10 minutes to make 2 sandwiches.
It wasn't even close to busy in the store.
There wasn't anyone else waiting for a sandwich.
What is the point of taking online orders if you're not going to have it ready when the customer arrives?
There were 5 kids working with the oldest probably not much past 20.
This store needs some better management or at least supervision.
Another customer walked over to the chip rack and had to wait over a minute for the gal who was stocking them to notice that there was someone behind her.
Just 9 days ago, I experienced an issue with the North Scottsdale store as well.
I don't know if my business is just not welcome or what the deal is, but I think I'm done with Firehouse.
The sandwiches are good but the name of the game in running a successful business is customer satisfaction and they have failed in 2 straight trips.

