This gym is amazing and the owners are super friendly and helpful!!
It has everything you need, Powerlifting friendly and CrossFit, too.
State-of-the-art equipment and excellent music!
You can deadlift without worry, and also use chalk.
So if you are in Vegas visiting and you are an athlete/lifter (or even a beginner - they have the best trainers) you must check this gym out!
And if you live in Vegas or Henderson this is the gym for you!
Love it!

I've been an avid lifter for 30 years and I'm a former competitive powerlifter and body builder, so when I moved to Henderson and saw this gym 1/4 mile away, I was stoked.
After a few days of moving and settling into the new job, I was ready to lift.
I went to LVIH at 5:30 on a Saturday night and there was nobody at the front, in fact, nobody at all except for a woman filming two guys in what looked like a YouTube interview.
I figured at least one of them worked there so I walked up and watched the taping until the interview was complete.
After it was finished they talked to each other and then walked off.
Hmmm...guess they didn't work there.
So with nobody around, I left.
When I got home I wrote email to the gym and asked if there was a time to stop by and join...no response.
I stopped by a second time tonight and again, nobody was at the front and nobody came up while I stood there, so I gave up and went to the lame Anytime Fitness 75 yards away.
At least they wanted my money and I was able to get my hands on some iron.
I give it two stars because it looks like a great gym; reminded me of the places I lifted in when I was competing in Columbus, OH (many years and a couple of back surgeries ago).
I'm not sure if the staff/owner is just AWOL or they simply don't want a 40-something has-been with fused vertebrae and 15 extra pounds of unsightly body fat.
Either way it was apparent that signing up new members isn't a big priority here.

So I finally joined the gym today and all I can say is 'WOW".
Small, packed full of weights, great equipment and cool members.
My first workout was probably the best of I've in 10 years.
If you want to get big, come here.

I want to start by saying I work at Golds Gym!
I decided to join Iron House for a change of pace.
I like that it has and old school feel to it!
The owners there are very strict on how gym etiquette should be followed, and that was the selling point for me!
Although I can train for free at my gym.
I CHOOSE to train here.
Friendly atmosphere, like a neighborhood feel!
My only gripe is it tends to get a little hot.
I know they are running at a loss due just opening doors.
So I'll cut them some slack.
Listen people I don't have to be here I want to be!
So let's get some people in there, so it's here for a long time!
Also if you're looking for a Personal Trainer send me a message!

