We really enjoyed opening night tonight!
Our server was Julie and she was awesome!
She made sure we felt welcome and drinks were always fresh!
Make sure you ask her when you stop over!
If your having a party the shot ski is where it begins here!

Great place.
I got the pork sliders, and they were very good except for that the sauce was a bit too sugary.
My grandparents got the fish tacos, and they were pretty good.
I give 2 less points because of the horribly loud music.
I couldn't even hold a conversation in this place.
It's a whole lot of screaming and only hearing half of what the person is saying.
The girls are almost too cheerful, but are very sweet.
Their tops are too revealing, but clearly it's what the "boys" that come here want to see.
It's sad....
There are also too many tv's.
It's just about all a person can do in this place is watch it, because you won't hear anyone speaking at your table.
I would come back here.
The other food looks like it has potential.
I wish I could give 3.5 stars :)

You get a loud welcome from the girls when you walk in.
The restaurant is covered in animal heads, antlers and tvs.
Our server was Julia.
She was very nice and attentive.
All the servers are pretty cute, fit, and young.
My bf ordered the chicken strips.
She asked what sauce, so our friend said honey mustard, my bf and I said ranch at the same time.
I pulled her aside and said we could just share one ranch.
I also ordered ONE pretzel.
Our order was brought back and we got 2 pretzels and also 2 ranch(there is a charge per ranch).
I asked about the pretzel, they were willing to take it back.
However, the boys agreed to eat it.
The food wasn't bad, typical bar food.
Actually better food than the restaurant most adjacent.
Our friend joined the table much later.
Very quickly our server came to ask what he would like to drink.
Good job!
My bf ordered another small beer but then she brought back the large one.
We never had to wait on our service, but she did not always get it right.
They offer a fun 4 person shot on a ski.
Chanting, "shotski!
Shotski!
Shotski!
"  At some point some hip hop music was blasting loud on the speakers during the shot ski.
(The speakers were LOUD)   This spot is like a hooters but with mid drifts.
I think this location is more attractive than the one on the strip.
Will for sure be a hang out for us close to home.
I'd say generously 3 stars for food.
And an extra one for the experience the boys enjoyed the atmosphere.
Wish the girls stopped by our table more, I feel like since I'm a girl maybe they didn't want to?

My wife and I had the salads - chicken and the steak and they were excellent.
I am very picky so I would not say they were excellent if I did not really mean it.
Service was off the charts attentive and the flat screen tvs with sports are probably the best i have seen in a sports pub.
Lot's of them and easy to see from the majority of seats.
We would go again and try other menu items if they were in our home state.

I would qualify my four stars with a "for a place like this" note.
If you're looking for a really loud, obnoxious sports bar with waitresses acting way over enthusiastically about everything to upsell you on drinks...well, this is about as good as it's going to get.
I'll also have to give them big credit for actually having really good food...was not expecting that after I walked in and checked the environment.
A note regarding the sexy girl staff....A+ on the week night I was there :-)  But since I attended with my girlfriend...well, you know...had to practice a bit of "eye control".
Even considering the intended environment, I'd say the music is too loud.
You're going to have to speak very loudly to even have a conversation at your own table.
It's a symptom of poor acoustical design...for probably several thousand dollars in consulting and several thousand more in equipment/materials this could, and should, be fixed.

Enjoyed meeting our friends here.
The place is pretty new,when I saw the sign that said scenic views I thought wth how can there be senic views at this location?
Then we stepped inside and saw my my friend John picked the place.
There icy cold beer and the large number of tv screens of course.

This is a BREASTaurant    - Hooters with a mountain theme.
I already know this will be a sausage (venison?
) fest with exclusively miserable husbands at the bar escaping with sports.
Ok this is where they started and went downhill from there.
1 - no gaming - good luck in Vegas franchise from Texas!
2 - young pups (hired for hair and implants and are exactly 21) who don't know how to pour a Manhattan or hold a crowd (lots if standing around and pouting).
3- supposed to be sexy but exactly one skinny body type - no bum no body diversity.
Food sucked and was $$!
Beer slushies and wings on par with Denny's - yum yum.
This place has been 4 different concepts and this will die out soon too.
There is nothing at all interesting with food, beer, or girls.
The girls are sweet but this is a hot mess of trying to be sexy when we see more on billboards here!
Alienating 50 percent of the population with SIT2P bathrooms and terrible service to females as evidenced by many Yelp reviews in other cities -- not smart!
Ok I got accused of being jealous by a fellow Yelper.
Not true- there are lots of places with sexy gals that I love (PT's Gold, Treasures ;) but you also need to be a good bartender!
If you don't know where Firestone beer is from or where you get the venison in the chili from you are just eye candy.
There is nothing wrong with being sexy but if this is a dining spot and not a strip club then act like it!!
Food and service was worse than Hooters - I didn't know that was possible.
You don't really come to a place like this for anything but the girls.
Unimpressed.
Grapes on a celery.
No curves :(  Arkansas Times agrees with me.
Epic bad.
They called it, "The worst most apathetic swill I've ever eaten.
"  Ha ha ha yep!

Every single bartender is a rookie.
Not one of them knows the basic ingredients in any common drink!
They didn't hire these chicks for their brains or abilities!

Drunken fun times is all I have to say!!
The restaurant itself has a woodsy cabin feel to it.
Lots of TVs around the bar to watch whatever game is on.
The servers have on sexy lumberjack looking outfits with their twin peaks, hence the name of the joint.
It's pretty much standard bar food like wings and burgers.
Their fried pickles were freaking delicious.
We came here with about 15 people.
Our server was super sweet and easy going.
She kept the drinks flowing and made sure we were taken care of.
They do this little dance number and since I was pretty drunk, I decided to join them:) The bartender chick was another story, hence the one star taken off.
We went up to the bar to get our drinks since our server was really busy with other tables.
We order a shot of Tito's, a Divorce (one of their signature shots) and a vodka ginger ale.
I was pretty drunk already but still managed to remember our drinks.
The bartender asked me 3 times what it was that I ordered.
And she was the sober one.
Not so smart there, and it took her forever to make the Divorce because she had no idea what it was made with.
Anyway, I still had a good time.
Fun place to hang out with your friends and have a few drinks.

If this was just a bar it would be great fun!
The food is awful!
So come to drink but skip the food.

Awful.
Walked in, right up to the hostess table to see four girls in conversation.
Not one looked up, so after a few seconds I walked in myself and found my friends.
15 minutes passed before the waitress showed to take my drink order.
15 minutes after ordering my drink, I left.
As per my friends that stayed, my drink showed up about five minutes after I left.
35 minutes.
For a jack and coke.
The entire 30 minutes I spent there I watched the waitresses talking to one another.
Management- if you'd like this place to make it, you'd better make some serious changes in the culture.
I haven't heard a good thing about your place yet.
The world doesn't need another 'Hooters'.

Finally went in to check out the new neighborhood place at Eastern & Richmar.
This is the fifth restaurant to open in the same building, so I hope they do well.
Twin Peaks is a chain sports bar made up to look like a hunting lodge and has stuffed animal heads, pelts and antlers everywhere.
The girls that work there are all very good looking and nice, so that makes the visit worth while right there.
The menu is very limited.
It has the customary hamburgers, chicken tenders, fried pickles, some salads and soups.
Doesn't really have many entrees, I had the backed trout which was very good while my wife had the venison burger that was also good.
Nothing to do cartwheels over but definitely a fun place to hang out, have a snack and drink while watching a sporting event.
They have TVs all over the place, including an outdoor patio and TV monitors at all the booths.

Prior time that I went everything was wonderful.
This time I went to go see the USA v. Ukraine soccer game and the doors were closed although they state they open @ 11am.
A call was made after 11 am and nobody answered.
Considering they are so new they are not doing a good job in opening in a timely manner.

This place is just absolutely horrible.
Went in to check it out and have some dinner.
45 minute wait not a big deal, decided to go to the bar and get some drinks.
I was looked at and past over by 3 different bartenders (presumably because I am a female).
Word of advise ladies- we will tip you well also as long as you give good service.
Two gentlemen at the bar had to ask the bartender for the drinks I wanted because I was being ignored.
Buzzer for table goes off right as I got the drinks.
Get shown to the table (good thing I got two drinks at the bar), it took 10 to 15 minutes for the server to show up.
And talk about stupid.
I understand the concept of the restaurant but seriously train your staff better.
We were going to order a bunch of starters (what they call teasers).
There menu is not that big.
Ordered soft pretzels,  they wes out.
Ordered pulled pork sliders,  server said I think we might be out,  can you go check so we can make a decision.
Yep, they were out.
Asked the server,  what do you have?
She says everything else.
Ok.  What kind of fish is used for the fish tacos,  oh we are out of fish, but if we had it tilapia.
(How do you run out of half the items in your menu?
) Do you have any wine?
Yes,  chardonnay and white zinfandel.
Do you have any red wine?
Yes, it's a cabernet, I think.
Food was so so.
Time to pay the bill, have her $32 in cash asked for the rest to be put on a debit card.
Only puts in$22 in cash and the rest on a credit card.
Called her over,  told her the mistake and she gets mad at us.
Sorry darlin' you were not worth the $10 you tried to pocket.
Again ladies,  just because we are not interested in your Twin Peaks doesn't mean that you have to ignore us and give us crappy,  no horrific service.
If you givegood serviceyou willbe tipped well.
Gengerally 20-30%.
We are all in the industry and if you worked for me you wouldn't have a job.

Going to  keep it simple.
Pro's  Atmosphere- very good job.
TV's everywhere.
Service-friendly-pretty ladies Beer is definitely cold!
Menu is limited.
We ordered a variety of stuff that came out ok(bar food).Portions, price ok .
We had sandwiches which were fine and a Cobb Salad.
Con's For lasting power in an area with lots of bars and competition they need to cater to the locals- - No Happy Hour - limited menu - No advertised food or drink specials -Not open 24hrs - Pricey for drinks -UFC $10 per person- but they carry it.
-limited wine menu-really not much at all and horrible selection.
-No pitchers of beer or bottles of wine for purchase.
-Football season will be interesting because all other places offer specials during the games.
The splash is now since its new however, I'm confident someone will consider a few of the above.
With that said it's worthy of a visit.

Went to check out this place since it's close to home.
Great place to watch a game.
Beer was ice cold, the food was delish with the ghost pepper wings and pretzel w/ beer cheese a must try.
The waitress "Ursula" was super nice and nice to look at...wink wink!!!
The service was excellent too with her being knowledgeable with menu suggestions and attentive at keeping my beer full.
She even suggested the honey badger shot which is now a new favorite as well.
Check this place out!
Did I mention my waitress was hot!

As soon as I walked in I was greeted by three very friendly (not over the top friendly which I loved) hostesses.
Not only that but I had a nice conversation with one before I was seated.
At first glance the menu is pretty standard bar food but many of the items and food combinations I never saw before so naturally I was impressed.
In all honesty the best part of my night out at Twin Peaks was my server.
She sat down at my table and talked to me about the food and drinks in a very friendly (once again not a creepy friendly way either) and we had a very good conversation where I really got to know her and she got to know me.
What I noticed was all the servers behaved the same way and to me good server customer relations are always a great sign.
In all honestly what really made my night was how welcomed I felt and to me being greeted with genuine warm hospitality is always a plus (not to mention everything on the menu is very reasonably priced and you really get the bang for your buck).
Another thing I absolutely loved was the kind of music that Twin Peaks has.
Silly I know but that's another thing I look for in a good restaurant.
One other thing I should point out is the great merchandise available to purchase.
Not only do you have the choice of shirts and baseball hats but also a really nice and functional winter cap (I plan on buying one next time I come in) Now my one and only complaint is there's dozens of televisions but they all have the exact same thing on.
To me that's pretty redundant and if I was actually interested in eating out or sitting at a bar and needed to keep up with a sports game this would be a huge flaw (luckily I'm not that kind of person).
All in all it was a very good experience and I ended up coming back again not that long after.
Honestly I'll probably make it a weekly ritual and that to me is a true sign of a good place to go to.
I highly recommend going to this restaurant for a good relaxed meal that won't break your bank account or let you down in the service department.

We've been here twice now.
The servers are very sweet and obviously good looking.
But they have yet to get our orders correct.
The first time, we sat at the bar.
There were about 10 other people there.
It took a solid 5 minutes to be greeted.
Once we ordered our food, she read back the wrong order.
We corrected her, and the food still came out wrong.
The second time we went with another couple.
Again, our server was super sweet, but knew nothing about beer (asked us what a wheat beer is).
And, once again, our food came out incorrectly.
It's a great atmosphere.
Nice, open space.
TVs everywhere (and I mean everywhere).
Not too loud.
But the service has GOT to get better.
I have a feeling they hired a lot of girls with zero service experience, which is fine.
But you've got to train them not only on beer basics, but how to take an order correctly.

I bought the sampler plate and brought it to work, I work right next door, and was hoping to share something great with my co-workers.
This place just opened, but the sampler was not good at all.
The buffalo tenders were VERY soggy and limp, the mozzarella bites and fried pickles were soft and not crisp at all.
Pretty gross and it was an easy plate to get at least one thing right... :( very disappointed.
Hope that they start to do better!

Tried out this new place in the neighborhood for lunch.The girls twin peaks are definitely highlighted in their uniforms!
I found them to be very friendly and service was good.
The decor is very lodge-y and tons of BiG TVs!
Nice sports bar ambience.Had a cheeseburger and it was awesome!
So good!
BF had chicken fingers and they were good too.Fun new place in the neighborhood!

Arrived around dinner time and it was very busy but we were seated promptly.
Waitress Kat was very attentive and took our drink orders.
We ordered the fried pickle appetizer which was perfect and one if not the best we had ever eaten.
Kat returned with our drinks, took our meal order and we requested that the blaring music be turned down.
Amazingly, they did and we were able to converse without shouting.
Our food as ordered arrived in less than 15 minutes.
The chicken fried steak, though thin was cooked perfectly.
The shrimp and chicken,  prepared in a light batter, was great.
Our only complaint, which management addressed, was the unnecessarily loud music.

Fun place to go watch the games TV's everywhere, the staff was nice and friendly .
The food is simple things like burgers and apps.
some dinner items .
not a big menu at all ..But the food is good and the place has a lot to look at  " I mean the girls "  I Will Be Back

I had a blast at the Twin Peaks strip location for my birthday last year, so I was so excited to have a new location opening up closer to my house.
Well, they have a lot of work to do if they want my business back.
So disappointing.
Decided to plan a going away function from my job the week they opened.
A friend and coworker (yes we are in the industry) called in advance and spoke to the manager who told her that there was nothing we could do, it was first come first serve.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but if a large party of industry professionals want to go there, spend a lot of money, and have a good time, you should probably make an accommodation.
When we arrived they ended us giving us the whole patio area which was a nice gesture.
It was a chilly evening but there is a fireplace so we took that so we could all be together.
We had a great night up until the end when we were settling the bills.
Obviously this was a complicated process because there were so many of us, but in the beginning of the night, they assured us that everything was fine and we would just take care of it at the end.
There was about $60 that was not accounted for.
My boyfriend (a restaurant manager) spoke to their manager who basically said: "somebody's gotta pay for it!".
Not the correct solution sir.
Especially because I'm almost positive that the check in question was paid for at the bar.
Apologize, take your $60 loss and make us happy so you don't receive reviews like this.
My boyfriend emailed their customer service department the next day and has still not received a response.
Not good for building a loyal customer base.
Good luck!

My girlfriend and I went her tonight.
We had the most amazing server: Melissa G. She was absolutely friendly.
She had us taste our drinks to make sure they were fine.
She kept coming back and asked us how the food was.
I ordered the blackened fish tacos.
It was great.
There was a lot of fish in the tacos and the salsa was great.
I will be coming back in the future.
I only want to be served by Melissa G!
She wa awesome!

Slower than dirt.
Waitress are friendly and pretty but kitchen is a disaster.
Food took 45 mind on Sunday lunch when only 10 other tables.
Will give another shot but only 1 more.
Every restaurant in this location has failed.
Hope they aren't the 3rd.

Great place to watch sports!!
Fantasy football fans unite... All in!
I can't wait for football season.
The girls were great.
Staff was very nice and went out of their way to make you comfortable.
They did try to make me dance but they weren't too pushy...
Thank you girls!
Pretzel is yummy.
Food is fine for a sports bar.
I haven't been to the other locations, but would be interested in seeing the indoor rock wall.
No major complaints... food is a little generic but service was great!

Oh Twin Peaks...
These girls were not hired for skill.
It's almost like they were too air headed for Hooters so try were hired here.
Ok I get the theme.
And I must say that's pretty cute, great concept.
But this is a local spot meaning the slutty outfits arent gong to excuse your lack of skill and knowledge for long .
Here are two conversations that actually happened last night...  First Bartender- hi!
Welcome to ..... Twin Peaks .she obviously forgot what the place was called.
Me- hello I'll take a scotch and soda with a twist Bartender- I don't know if we have that She stands and stares at me Me- ok could you possibly check?
She leaves and comes back 5 minutes later Bartender- what kind of soda do you want Me- just soda water Bartender- oh like sparkling water?
Me- that would be great She leaves comes back after talking to every bartender there Bartender- I'm sorry we don't have lemon twists Me- do you have a lemon wedge?
Bartender umm let me check ...is this real life... She comes back with a lime wedge and a bourbon and water.
I figured that was close enough so I head over to the table to join my group.
(i was the late arrival since I was coming from work and I figured going to the bar to get a drink would have been faster since my bf informed me of their slow service at the table)  My second conversation was with our waitress.
Waitress- can I get you any drinks?
Me- do you by chance have Pinot Noir here?
I knew it was a long shot but I figured there had to be at least one red wine here Waitress- ummm  Me- pinot noir is a red wine Waitress- ohh!
No, all we have is canyon red.
Me- that's a red wine?
Waitress- yea that's what the bottle says Me- ok I'll take a glass please.
We waited about 10 minutes and the waitress came back to tell me a manager had to "get the bottle open" so it would be right out.
Don't order wine here btw, words can't describe how disgusting it is.
Bartenders that don't know what scotch or a lemon twist is.
A waitress that didn't know there are more then one type of red wine and a whole restaurant that doesn't know how to open a bottle of wine.
Good luck Twin Peaks... Good luck.
Btw what's up with the random girls walking around to give out "free hugs" I wonder what they'll put on their resume for future jobs.
Skills: friendly, outgoing, great hugger   Smh Smh Smh Smh Smh ok now I'm dizzy.

Went here one night with the guys.
Had a couple of their own Dirty Blonde beers, which was very good, fried pickle basket (must have), and the pulled pork sliders.
The sliders were good but I'll probably try something else next time.
Now let's talk about the obvious...the girls.
Everyone was very friendly and didn't seem to be there just to get a tip or paycheck.
I'd go back again for sure.
Maybe to watch some games on their many TVs.

Came here about 3 weeks ago had a blast service was great, here tonight our bartender Renee is more concerned with her cell phone then trying to get our food order right... Then after the kitchen is "closed" (15 minutes later) she tells me that they are out of the item I ordered... Not happy with this joint tonight probably won't be back & being that I'm in the Vegas industry I'll tell my friends & colleagues not to come because of the poor service...
I can spend 90 bucks for a couple of drinks with my friends elsewhere!!

If you want to go out to look a good looking girl that is all you will get.
The order was not taken down correctly and we felt rushed when we were done with our meal.
Food- if you want a decent meal skip it.
We had the chicken fried steak that was flattened to the width of paper and lacked flavor.
Our friend ordered the sliders and said they were not good as well.

Wow.
Food really sucked.
And I mean SUCKED.
Poblano chicken sandwich tasted like bland rubbery chicken.
The cheese was like Elmer's glue and the lettuce was soggy and brown.
Worst chicken sandwich I've ever had.
Fortunately, the wait staff were THE hottest I've very seen anywhere.
All beautiful, sweet girls - not strippers with fake tans.
But they better improve food quality.
Ask for Vanessa.
She's a 10.

Starting off with the pretzel tonight.
It's actually pretty good!
Crispy, flavorful and comes with a cheese dip & a honey mustard .
I had the chicken fried steak, it was HUGE!!!!
Covered the whole plate!!!!
It was tasty, but thin.
My guy had the chicken & shrimp plate, the shrimps were big and not overly covered in batter.
There are small flat screens at each booth that you can control the channels on, and above and around the bar are big screen TVs with all the games on.
22oz domestic beer for only 5$!!!
Great food, good beer and great beer prices!

It's really just a wannabe Hooters or Tilted Kilt, but without any respectable food or service.
Service was slow the whole time.
The place was nearly empty and they had plenty of waitresses, but everything took forever anyways.
The menu is small and boring.
Burgers and sandwiches...and not even a lot of choices for burgers and sandwiches.
I had a bbq burger which was okay.
Overcooked a little bit.
The fries it came with were nice thick steak fries though.
I love steak fries.
The thing is....you can get a similar burger and fries down the road at red robin for cheaper and with better service.
Sure, Red Robin has screaming kids and less pretty waitresses, but it's still a better experience I think.

Went here for lunch the other day.
It was ok.
Menu is pretty small.
I have to agree with the other yelpers... Why are you serving beer slushies?
Had the brunette which was descent.
Time to change the temperature gauges on those reach ins girls.
Now to the girls.
Cute outfits.
Fun concept.
Very pretty ladies.
Applaud you for using your assets and making those tips but please get a little training going on here.
I couldn't get a straight answer for any of my questions.
They just give this blank stare.
Seriously, I only asked where the bathroom was and what was on tap before I decided it was a lost cause.
I had to laugh it off.
Now if I were a sports fan or a guy I could totally see the appeal with the tvs and the boobs.
I might go back if someone else insisted but not on my own.

First time eating here.
Lunch today, not impressed.
Had the chicken ranch with fries.
Not the best cut of chicken.
Nothing outstanding that would want me to come back.
Others in the party had burgers.
Nothing to write home about.
Just average.

Twin peaks is a new and awesome sports bar that's got a country log cabin vibe to it, the girls there are beautiful and the service is amazing, it also just may be the coldest beer I've ever had on tap,    I recommend the smoke house burger, and a man size corona on tap

Pretty much what most have been saying on here.
Food is below marginal.
Great atmosphere and the beers are great.
TVs all over.
The food , well the food you don't want to eat.
I felt some what queasy after my pulled pork sliders.
The waitresses are very nice but not to bright and some wear WAY too much makeup.
But I digress.
The food is far below marginal and it came out a little cold, the bun my pulled pork sat in was dry and almost stale.
I think it was past it's expiration date by a week.

This place is great!
At first I was pretty surprised at the overall rating, but after reading the reviews, I understand.
I think most of the negative reviews are from people who say "I get the concept but..." and actually DON'T get the concept.
I've been here twice.
Both times with a buddy to watch sports and have drinks while snacking on bar food.
Mission accomplished.
We weren't there to judge a beauty pageant or compare it to Hooters (although every girl is a 10!).
We weren't expecting a 5 star Michelin meal.
We weren't there to get their mixologist's latest handcrafted cocktail.
I do think the beer selection and prices could be improved.
I also don't like how cold the beer is served.
Then again, to each their own.
I work at a brewery, so I'm not looking for an ice cold Bud Light.
The bartender was happy to pour their Ballast Point IPA in a non-chilled glass for me though.
Management was more than appeasing.
During my visit on Opening Day for baseball, my buddy and I wanted the TVs changed more often than I'm sure they liked, but they did that for us.
Randy also charged my phone for me!
The service was great.
I've been to plenty of bars and never have I gone expecting white tablecloth service or for my server/bartender to know how many years distilled their vodka is or from which farm their chicken was raised.
What I didn't expect was for my server from my first visit to recognize me when she saw me the next time I came in.
Kudos!
I do hope they add some more craft beers and get away from serving the beer so cold.
Adding a happy hour would definitely bring me back (as well as other people in the industry) more often.
I'd like to see them get the sports packages as well.
Vegas is very diverse, so there are sports fans from all over who want to watch their hometown team.
I hope this place stays and does well!

Went here right after they opened.
We arrived on a night that had a UFC fight showing.
The first thing we were greeted with we "THERE ARE NO SEATS LEFT!
" from the girl holding the door WAY before we were even there.
No wait time, etc.
I have been to the Twin Peaks on the Strip with GREAT results.
The staff is great the food is great.
This location needs to import some of the professionalism from that location.

This is my second time at twin peaks.
The first time was at the location in the strip.
The food was very good.
I got the fish tacos and they were full of flavor and texture.
For bar food, it was delicious.
I also got the dirty blond beer (man size) to wash it all down.
My roommate and I sat at the bar to eat and the bartender took our order.
She then went directly to the computer to put in the order and instantly had to ask me again what my roommate ordered.
When our food did come out they initially gave it to the wrong people at the bar.
The couple said it wasn't their food and then the bartender didn't know where the food was supposed to go.
I saw her looking confused holding our food so I told her it was ours.
This location just opened not long ago so I know they are still working out all the kinks so I'm not to hold it against them.
I really hope that's the case and they didn't just hire airheads.
Haha.
I would come back to eat there or have a drink again.
For a low key time I would go to this location, for a more night out to watch a game with friends the strip location may be more fun!

Friendly service, decent food.
The fish tacos were very good, but the beer mug was so frozen the it actually froze the foam...
I guess that's better then warm beer.

This entire company exists as a cautionary reminder that man (or woman) cannot live by T&A alone.
I'd offer you something witty and insightful about the food and drink if I was ever served.
Instead, after 20 minutes of being actively ignored by a parade of sorority stereotype nightmares masquerading as professional bartenders, I abandoned the mostly empty breastaurant in frustration.
But perhaps Twin Peaks is not to blame--after all, I'm the fool who chose to stop by.

People.
If you rate this place poorly because the girls weren't hired for their brains you don't belong here.
It's called Twin Peaks, what on earth do you expect?
They are hired for their willingness to wear the little tiny uniform and for their ability to deal with men ogling them and make inappropriate, awkward comments.
Girls are nice and most are pretty.
They have tons of tvs, very cold beer, and the food is decent.
End of story.

It was alright servers were nice it was a little pricy I just went to watch a game and got a desert and 3 beers bam 40 dollars later lol whatevs good environment for sports

3.5 stars is my rating.
Met some friends here for lunch, had no idea what this place was about.
Since we arrived as they opened, no crowds to deal with.
The door opened and we were greeted by a nice guy who said come on in.
As I approached the hostess desk, my eyes popped open....wow...nice breasts!!
Then we saw all the servers, wearing short shorts and revealing tops.
Hmmm....nice scenery.
Lots of lovely, young, slender women.
My kind of place!
Regarding the food, the menu is a bit limited with burgers, sandwiches, a few appetizers.
We ordered some queso and chips and this was not too bad.
For lunch I had the hangover burger ($9.50 I think).
Came with seasoned steak fries.
Burger was ok, not much meat, fried egg, two strips of bacon, and a delicious roll.
Comes in a small plastic basket, which was interesting since they had cloth napkins.
Our service was pretty good, drinks refilled as needed (again not crowded but filled up fast).
Orders came out quick and correct.
I'd come back here to watch some games and look at the girls.
It's definitely a man's restaurant, with plenty of things to look at (TV's, girls).
If you are looking for culinary excellence, I wouldn't recommend it.

Great atmosphere, great food, COLD beer!
Great combination.
Glad to see that there is finally a restaurant at this location that will last.
Would recommend .

3.5 stars.
Good food but service lacked...
The husband and I wanted to try this out since they opened this new location on Eastern not too long ago.
The place is huge!
There is huge bar in the center with lots of tv's lining the top.
They also have a huge patio area with many tables for the al fresco diner.
We were seated right away with time to look over our menus.
A lot of time.
By the time our waitress came over to get our drink orders and they were actually brought out, I was starving.
We decided to split the queso dip with chili.
This was delicious!
If it wasn't frowned upon, I would have licked the bowl.
A different server even brought us extra chips!
Nice touch!
For the entree we split the Chicken Philly Texas Style.
Texas style means they add jalapeños and queso.
Can't go wrong with that!
We waited quite a while for our sandwich to arrive but I was pleased with the flavor when I bit into it.
There was a great amount of chicken, peppers, jalapeños and cheese to fill my half of the sandwich.
The fries were ok but nothing to write home about.
I would suggest saving the queso dip to have something to dip the fries in.
I think we saw our original waitress twice during our visit...  once for our drinks and once for the bill.
The restaurant manager even refilled our drinks once.
For not being overly busy, there wasn't any excuse for poor service.

First time ever there.
Girls were really friendly and nice.
I had yummy tomato soup and a steak Salad.
The salad was fresh and tasty and the meat was cooked well.
I think that there should have maybe been a bit more steak in the salad.
The beer was ice cold and fantastic.. a great place to hang out.
I would go again.

I have been in search of 3 things in this town.
Good Service  2.
Better tasting food then my friends or I can cook at home.
And a final bill that is in line with the entire experience.
Well after my visit to Twin Peaks on Eastern I can easily say I'm still searching!
Let me first say that this review is a little late because I just haven't found the time to sit down and really let this place have a full JT review.
I would say we visited this," Health Department Disaster Waiting to Happen" place in early March 2014.
If I remember right it was a Sunday.
We arrived at what looked like a packed parking lot but for whatever reason none of the cars belonged to the people in Twin Peaks itself.
In fact the place was kind of empty, save for the 6 or 7 tables filled with Sun Cities finest.
At the door we were greeted by a great looking girl who had a nice smile.
She quickly asked us where we would prefer to sit and guided us to the outdoor area.
Being that it was March we were taking a gamble that the weather would be acceptable to sit in.
But after seeing a few other groups outside we figured we would be OK.
The Service After sitting down we began to take the place in as it was our first time at the nationwide chain.
The bar was centrally located and looked like it was getting ready for the lunch rush.
The girls were making their rounds to the folks at the tables in teams.
And in general the place looked clean and nice.
We sat around for a good 7 to 8 minutes before one of the teams of girls asked if we had been helped.
We said no and she asked if she could get our drink order.
I ordered a Miler Lite in the "Man size".
Another 8 to 9 minutes later we watched as multiple girls walked by my beer on the end of the bar without grabbing it and bringing it over.
A full 20 minutes later our waitress Candice made her way to us.
She was visibly out of sorts over something and told us it was "kitchen drama" .
I asked if she could find out where my beer was and then we would order.
She made a face like the beer order was news to her and she quickly went looking for it.
Once she came back we ordered.
I ordered the chicken fingers and my girlfriend ordered the chicken sandwich.
Now that our order was in we returned to looking at the chaos that was happening in the restaurant.
We observed the girls talking in groups for minutes while customers raised their hands to get their attention.
It was comical to observe how the girls would walk by a table and completely ignore the people who were trying to get their attention.
We noticed that the table next to us finally receiving their food only to have just about half the order taken back.
We later learned that all the food was either cooked wrong or completely not what they ordered.
We laughed together as we made fun of this awful place.
I could have sworn that we were on a hidden camera show where the experiment was to see how we would react to super slow / terrible service.
The manager, if you could call him that, was completely glamored by the cute girls.
He was walking around in a daze.
It was clear the girls run this place from start to finish.
However, it was all fun and games until our food arrived and things got real.
The Food A good hour into our experience the food arrived.
I looked over to the table that was still waiting for its order and said, "I hope this was worth the wait" they laughed and we started eating.
My chicken fingers looked horrible.
They were white and looked to be uncooked.
I dipped the first one in the sauce and took a bite.
Just then my girlfriend asked me,"What's this?
" as she pointed to the thumb of a rubber glove!
I spit out what food was in my month and said, "Don't eat that!
" At this time our neighbors, at the table where the food was all wrong, started to flag over the incompetent manager.
We motioned over to them that after they were done we wanted to talk with him.
They decided that our problem was more important so they let us have him first.
He and our out of touch waitress came over to our table.
Both of them just looked in disbelief that such a thing could happen.
I quickly figured out that these 2 low intelligent people would never be able to correct what had just happened and that it would be a complete waste of my time to complain to someone who was obviously powerless.
Therefore, I looked the dimwit in the face and said we were done, and that we were leaving and never coming back.
He just stood there and drooled on himself.
Candice had a similar look on her face and confessed that she couldn't work there anymore as she gave my girlfriend an awkward hug.
The Bill Well needless the say... this one was on the house!
After sharing our experience with just about everyone with ears we knew, it became clear that this chain was known for bad food, and bad service.
Our friends in Phoenix and Orlando said this place was awful!!
I can only hope this review stops enough people from going here and they are forced to close.!

Plenty of tv's to watch whatever game might be on.
Place seems to do great business.
Has a nice covered outdoor seating area as well along with tv's to watch.
Ice cold beer and great burgers!

When my friend and I were walking in, he noted that he didn't fully understand why there would be a restaurant named "Twin Peaks".
By the time we were seated, it became immediately clear that the title had nothing to do with the desert scenery of Las Vegas.
The service was friendly and pleasant, though the server asked me "What's hoppy mean?
" when I asked her what the hoppiest beer on tap was.
The food isn't great, and the beer taps are average.
The BBQ Pulled Pork Nachos were something so awful that Guy Fieri is probably kicking himself that he doesn't have it featured in his restaurants.
To their credit, there are tons of televisions around to watch whatever sports are on (yippee).
Ultimately, the selling points for this place are the massive amounts of televisions and the scenery that only a heterosexual male with no greater sense of appetite can enjoy.
The service seemed friendly enough, but the food was bleh.

Grate food cold beer and Hot women

I expected Twin Peaks to be like a Lumberjack type of Hooters, and quite honestly it is in some ways.
The decor is very cabin like, but much higher ceilings and animal heads all over.
The food was OK for the price, nothing which makes me want to run back, but wasn't a complete rip-off like I feel Hooters is.
Service was friendly and our waitress refilled my drink several times without me having to ask.
They have a "first come, first serve" event line-up for fights with reasonable cover, however the hostess said it gets really crowded and you aren't guaranteed a seat.
I can't imagine- the bathroom was pretty small, it must get pretty gross when it's busy.

Aren't we lucky to have one of these restaurants near us..
NOT!!!
As everyone else wrote, this is like a woodsy, hunting cabin style of Hooters., T & A with half assed beer.
My wife I and ordered the BLT with the Tomato soup and French fries.
The BLT was completely tasteless and salty, as well as everything else (except the beer)...  To sum up; BJ is right next door and blows them away.. We will NOT be back!!

I give my server Sara 5 stars.
Not only was she gorgeous but she was friendly and helpful as this was my first time.
I give the food 2 stars.
I had the chicken fried steak with potatoes and veggies.
The steak was huge, bigger than the plate but unfortunately was barely adequate.
I have had better at less expensive diners.
I could only finish about 1/4 of it and took the rest home.
I would prefer smaller portions and better quality.
The potatoes were buried under the steak and were on the dry side but with decent flavor.
The beer, served girly size or man size, was just ok.
I do like the TV's at the booths and for a place that is designed to attract customers for the waitresses rather than the food, my expectations were low to begin with.
I watched other customers do shots off a board that looked like fun.
If you want to come here for the girls, or if you have a big group or to watch sports, this is a good location to try.
Just don't come here expecting a culinary masterpiece.

Went to watch the Hockey game at 6:15pm.
At 8pm we were forced to pay 5$ each to carry on watching as there was a Bikini contest going on.
I pointed out to our bar server that we weren't there for the Bikinis, but for the Hockey....still had to pay the money!!!
We paid, as we wanted to carry on watching the game.
For nearly 80 minutes the Bikini contest went on, the mic feeding back so badly it started to hurt my ears.
An attraction like that should be kept to 60 minutes.
Drunk people attention span isn't that long !!!
I work in sound and I offered a solution to both the bartender (not interested!!
) and I even grabbed the manager.
He told me that he had already mentioned it to the DJ.
It would have been a simple solution of reducing the mic level, or the treble.
Nothing was done and it carried on squealing back continuously.
Seriously, If your DJ can't deal with simple mic issues like that, he should give up and find another career.
Between the 2 of us we spent over 100$, we would have been happy to go back for the remainder of the playoffs, but will now go to Buffalo Wild Wings instead.
Food was Ok, drinks kept flowing.
The place was busy, but if they want to keep it that way, sort out tech issues.
I'm writing this 2 hours after leaving and my ears are still hurting!!

If I could give them zero, I would!
Waked in and was face to face with two girls at the Hostess stand having a personal conversation that was clearly more important than two hungry customers with cash to spend on food and lots of beer.
Finally got sat...one, two, three times the waitress passed by without so much as an acknowledgement.
So we pulled aside one of the many girls not doing anything and asked if she could help.
She couldn't.
But, she got us a different girl who also said she couldn't help, but, would "find our waitress.
"  17 minutes passed without even a drink order taken.
We even stared right at the manager with desperate, hungry, thirsty faces to no avail.
18 minutes in we left and went to Pin Kow where we are always welcome!
I wonder if our waitress even ever came?
LOL.

It's like Hooters with updated decor.
The inside is actually HUGE, with a really big patio, too.
When we went (Thursday evening), there were a good amount of customers, but, because of the size, the place feels empty.
Service was prompt, if not overly-friendly.
Beer selection is decent and they're very cold (as advertised).
I had the steak salad, which was actually quite good, although I might ask for light dressing next time.
My husband had the chicken fried steak and it was ENORMOUS.
Seriously, like 4 chicken fried steaks all put together.
It lays on top of the potatoes and veggies and totally covers them and the whole plate.
And hangs off the sides of the plate.
Whoa.
I had a bite and the meat was good, just a little bland on the gravy side.
Overall, there's nothing to complain about, I just don't think it's special enough to earn one of our few nights out.

Prices are decent, portions are good sized, food is better than average,  beer is Cold, personnel could use some more common sense.

Dave.
Henderson.
I love the place but.
I am never ordering a burger there again.
The burger was a defrosted thin mcdonalds Big Mac style single patty.
With less taste.
Where's the beef.
I ordered a venison chili burger but there was so little chili I had to call the waitress to show it to me.
She lifted the bun with her hand touched the patty and said it was between the cheese and the patty.
I still couldn't find it.
She took it back and brought the same one back.
And said that's the way they make it.
The manager brought a dinky little bowl of chili but no spoon.
Service was not good.
Too bad

Ok I'm updating this because we had a large party (40+) here and shockingly and against all the previous reviews....the service was fantastic.
Originally they had us on the patio but it was like 90 degrees out there so they adjusted and put us inside very quickly.
Lots of beers and drinks flowing, and they came out and presented our group with some sliders, appetizer combo, and chips and queso.
I was actually impressed with the service, and the food.
Well done Twin Peaks!

We went there tonight so on a Tuesday night.
We were seated promptly by one of the hostesses that greeted us.
The place is pretty noisy and hard to have a conversation even in a booth with the person across the table.
The server Kat came to our table very quickly and took our drink order.
I ordered a Cazadores Margarita on the rock with salt rim...which came extremely shaken to the point that it was foamy.
Kinda odd.
We ordered the Pork sliders with side of tomato soup, the Smokehouse Burger and Fries.
The place wasn't very busy but the food took at least 20-30 minutes.
When the order finally came to the table...the pork in the sliders looked like they scraped the last of the pulled pork that was overdone from cooking all day.
The fries were old and cold.
As the server asked us if there was anything else we needed...we told her about the fries which she took away promptly.
Half way through the burger the manager came to our table and asked how everything was.
We told him about the fries and how long it has been and he quickly went to the kitchen and came back immediately with fresh fries.
I didn't finish my 3rd of 3 sliders, tomato soup was very mediocre, and my wife didn't eat the other half of the burger because it was so greesy and the bun was now wet.
Other than the nice and very beautiful servers...this place is horrible.
Bad Food and Poor Drinks.
Why spend $$ on a bad experience.
We will not return.

25 minutes to get a shot,22 minutes for my cocktail..70 minutes for a chicken sandwich and pot roast.....
The wait was just silly for anything I asked for, it was busy but still plenty of open tables.
Fried pickles good but wayyy too salty, Chipotle chicken decent.
Fries were obscenely salty and barely edible.
Chix quesadilla good but small portion.
Margarita was pricey.

First let me say that the women there are beautiful !!!
Our waitress was very friendly and welcomed us promptly , she went over the menu and told us her favorites and took a drink order and left us to decide on what we were going to eat , we started off with the appetizer sampler , which was actually quite good and large !!
Buffalo tenders , fried pickles and fried Mozzarella nuggets which were the star !!
Crispy on outside and firm with just the right amount of gooey!!
( the whole plate could be a meal ) next came the hangover burger , a little on the small side for a "mans restaurant " but tasty  and cooked med well ( no temp was offered) the fries were covered in some kinda of salt but were cold ( no biggie cuz the appetizer had enough fried food to last me awhile ) my friend had the meatloaf which he said was very bland and he didn't finish ( which is an odd thing, lol) no dessert cuz I was full but all in all , if beautiful girls and average food is your thing , this might just be the place for you !!
Will I be back ???
Idk nothing stood out that I would crave or want to waste another trip here!
So probably not !
It's not bad ,just not my taste !

Some might be intimidated, but I'm totally ok with going there!
Smokefree bar (no gaming machines), a bunch of tvs to watch sporting events, good service and tasty reasonable food.

Such a great atmosphere !
There's a server named Brianda she's the sweetest ever !!!
Def ask for her !

Very nice scenery but food isn't very good

Management should be ashamed  HORRIBLY understaffed for the USA World Cup.
Empty beer mugs and 15 minutes before we could get another.

ICE COLD beer!!
Im not a fan of the food i have ordered so far but the beer is super cold and yummy!

Finally, after realizing that for a such a great location the restaurant shouldn't be 1/2 empty most of the time, Twin Peaks finally gave in and gave us  a HAPPY HOUR.
1/2 off apps and drink specials!
What an amazing concept.
Better late than never I say.
Now all they need to do is get a better menu, cause the food is kinda boring, and perhaps they can turn a profit for 2014.
Went in this evening and was informed about the happy hour, ordered a 1/2 price app that I normally wouldn't of and had my usual chick ranch sandwich with bacon.
Food was ok, but not anything to run back there for.
Waitress Candice was super sweet and gave great service.
I asked my waitress if a lot of the original girls has left cause I hardly see any of the opening staff there?
And of course my guess was right, they had quit.
(not making enough money)Too bad, a lot of the girls they originally hired were pretty good looking.
The quality]of girls left there now aren't too hot.
So if I went there again, I guess it would be for the Food???
LOL  Go run next Door to BJ's and pick a few things off of their menu, their food is actually very good.
Advice to Mgt and Owners of Twin Peaks, get a better menu, get the pretty girls back and let the locals know about the Happy Hour and you will do better.
I would come here more often, but bored with the menu.
One more thing, it is VERY cheesy and desperate of you to charge your customers for events like the Bikini contest.
( I got an email from them asking me if I would like to pay for it and watch it online???
) Sad.
They should be FREE as you will make money off the customers there that will buy more food and alcohol.
Stop nickel and diming your customers and don't charge customers extra for an extra side of ranch dressing or marinara for the mozzarella bites!
This is customer service 101.

Great concept ..... good food (it may not be the food you ordered but it will be good).
We eat here often as it is within walking distance of our house.
The last three times we have eaten here the orders have been a comedy of errors.
Example : the last visit:  one order was for fish tacos, we got steak tacos, also ordered the sourdough BLT dry with no mayo and ask for mustard or requested it on the side, either way....never got it.... one other issue: ordered the combo appetizer platter... we received it after we were 2/3 of the way finished with our entree.
They are always very apologetic (they seem to have too much practice in this area) and seem to try hard but this is the third time in a row they have messed the order up ....... seems to be a pattern.
I'm sure they will correct it but it becomes a bit of an irritation .

It's a "breastaurant" with a log cabin theme!
The inside is big, plenty of bar and table seating.
There is also a really big patio space for seating.
I have been here a few times after work for drinks and snacks.
Each time I have been there is always a good crowd of people.
There are LOTS of tv's, and they are very good about having all sports and events on.
Each time I have been here, the service has always been great!
The girls are always friendly!
The beer is very very very cold!
Which is awesome!
I am a huge fan of the naughty brunette!
I love the hand twisted pretzel and the dipping sauce is super good!
The buffalo wings are also great!
Fun place to relax, watch sports, enjoy some food, and have a beer!

Cold beer on a on a hot day?
I can dig it.
Located on Eastern right next to BJ's (thank goodness this spot has finally found an establishment that'll probably stick around; so many restaurants have come and gone through this place!
), Twin Peaks is everything you can expect from a bar (hence why I'm giving it 5 stars, I don't expect too much from places like these lol)--boobies, beer, bar food, and TVs.
What more can you ask for?
I've only tried their appetizers, which are half off during happy hour, and they're actually pretty tasty.
The quesadilla and hot wings are great!
Other than that, there's really nothing spectacular about the food.
My favorite thing about this place has got to be all about the beer--it's worthy of 5 stars in my opinion--especially when you've been walking around outside in triple digit weather.
The beer is served so cold, that snow flurries ice over at the top of the mug.
Service is cool.
The place hasn't been open too long so service is kinda so-so.
The chick that served us one day thought it was happy hour, so we ordered a bunch of appetizers, thinking it was half-off, but at the end of the meal, she comes back, apologizes, and said she forgot that it wasn't actually happy hour, and we were forced to pay full price.
Boo.
Whatever.
They're all chicks (which may be a good or bad thing lol), dressed in super short shorts and tiny tops that expose a whole lotta skin and cleavage (think Hooters or the Tilted Kilt).
The ambiance is set to look like a log cabin, with deer and bear heads on the walls.
My only qualm about the place is that the beer selection is not as big as I would have liked it to be, but hey, I'll take a "Man size" of their "Naughty Brunette" any day.

As a glistening lesbian woman who loves beer and enjoys watching sports in pubs, I would rate this place a solid 3.
They have the real "cold beer" on tap and amazing tv's everywhere to watch games....even in the booths.
I know this is a chain and it's all about the "twin peaks", but these girls they have working, lack customer service skills.
I would enjoy if they hired real ladies that have more personality....and some dudes in booty shorts, too.
Equal rights.
:-) As for the food, I can't say...but I would assume it's typical bar food.

Came in for lunch on Friday around 12:15.
Seated right away.
Friendly faces.
A little louder than I expected but tolerable.
We sat in booth near back of restaurant.
Table had its own TV, which was pretty cool.
Started with chips and queso for appetizer.
Cheese seemed a little runny or watered down, but had great flavor.
Chips were salty just the way I like em.
Had chicken ranch sandwich which had good flavor too.
Chicken was a little flat.
The bun was way too much.
Had to lose the bread and just eat the chicken filet.
Better than the burger imo.

Be warned ...If you're a guy do not go in there because the girl bartenders will tell on you to your girlfriends or wives.
Be warned do not going to Twin Peaks because the girls will tell on you.

