This was my second time at a Freddy's, first was in CO so I was looking forward to trying their food again.
We went to the drive-thru & the girl taking our order was patient & didn't make us feel rushed.
She repeated our order back to us which I always appreciate, especially in a drive-thru.
We waited a min or so & our food was ready.
Our car smelt sooo good.
My husband & I both ordered double cheeseburgers & split an order of fries.
Their fries are AWESOME!
Super thin, crispy & the perfect amount of seasoning.
The burger was way too much for me.
I'm not a huge fan of large meat patties & thought the singles would be skimpy which is why I ordered a double, next time I will def order a single.
I could barely finish.
The burger was very flavorful & tasted fresh.
Their menu of ice cream treats was huge & I look forward to trying something off of the dessert menu in the future.
Can't wait to come back for more fries :)

Nice retro style fast food diner!
Yet to have a mistake and always seems to be a clean friendly establishment when I pull up.
Foods delicious, fresh, and very reasonably priced!
Excellent location, they're quick..
I mean, what more can I say!?
If ya haven't tried Freddy's Steakburgers and Frozen Custards go now!
Oh, and they have veggie burgers just incase ;)

I loved the look of this place from the outside so I decided to give it a try.
So glad I did.
From excellent customer service that is fast and friendly to a clean welcoming environment that brings nostalgia to mind.
It's exactly the kind of place my parents would have taken us to in the old days.
Black checked floors and red booths and chairs.
Order at the counter and they call your number when ready everything is cooked to order.
I had the patty melt combo and it was perfectly cooked with crunchy bread.
The shoestring fries are good and since the burger was so tasty I decided to try their custard.
Excellent in terms of everything and  I know I will be back.

I had been here a few years back while I was in town and didn't remember being here until I saw my review at another location and it was funny because I ordered the same burger and the same Turtle as last time.
atleast Im consistent I guess.
too bad we don't have one close to home in Cali.

Disappointing.
Had a burger and fries.
The burger was nothing to write home about and the fries were ice cold and hard.
Perhaps this place is only known for its custard?
The music playing in the dining room was entirely too loud to enjoy lunch conversation.
The restrooms were dirty!

Went there after movie worst burgers ever !
Frys greasy and cold bathroom dirty !
I would never go back music so loud at at register I could hardly hear the girl and she could not hear me

