Newly opened Korean restaurant in the chandler area!
Food was great and came out quickly.
The staff was friendly.
They also serve sushi!

Best Korean food in AZ.
I've been waiting for a restaurant worthy of the East Valley Korean title belt; hodori and chodang always fell a bit short.
GOGI has finally satisfied my need!
I went with a group of friends last night and we had the soon tofu, haemul pajun, bulgogi, assorted caviar stone rice bowl, and bibim nengmyun (buckwheat noodles).
We also had the sushi which was all very fresh.
The food was all great.
And the unlimited sides were all yummy too.
I would definitely recommend this place and be coming as a regular.

Came here for lunch today, feasted like a beast, and I was pretty much rolled out... towards a few doors away for some gelato as dessert.
Don't judge me.
After escaping the near 100-degrees that makes up an Arizona April day, we were promptly sat down in an intimate booth.
The atmosphere was very simplistic and classy.
We were given a menu for Korean and a sushi list on the side.
After observing an impressive selection, we ordered tako su, soft shell crab, and two stone rice bowls [fresh water eel and caviar].
Had I known my lunch date wanted a stone bowl, I would've chosen something else so we can try more items.
Don't you hate it when that happens?
The tako su appetizer consisted of five piece of steamed octopus tentacles dressed in lots of Japanese vinegar.
It was a pretty toothsome little piece of octopus and wasn't anything spectacular.
I don't really recommend it.
Soft shell crab appetizer was pretty standard.
It's not exactly San Francisco where they fry the whole blue crab with legs and all.
I'm sure the legs were used for spider rolls so you really just get the body of the crab.
Once again, nothing spectacular and wouldn't order it again.
The hot stone rice bowls though, that's love.
They actually serve it in the stone rice bowls!
A lot of places around the valley gets away with serving their rice bowls in metal bowls but this place has your rice, veggies, goodies, and egg on the stone bowl.
It was sizzling and crackling for a long while.
This thing is hot!
For $16, I would come back for the rice bowl alone.
Note:  the advertised caviar was really just smelt roe they use in sushi.
Overall I had a great and filling lunch.
Service was fast and friendly, food was decent, and I will totally be back to try their actual lunches.
Our total bill was $52.
Not bad for two appetizers and two entrees!

good foods but the service is very slow.
They basically forget to take your order unless you call for their attention or else you'll never get your order.

Any new Korean restaurant in the valley is welcome and always a good sign of the growing community!
My g/f and I got there a little later than our usual dinner time, but was glad that they were open until 10pm (which is always good).
I've noticed a trend that the Korean restaurants in the west valley are generally open until 11pm or even later, while the east valley restaurants close no later than 10pm.
The first thing I noticed was the classy decor of the restaurant, but was a little perplexed of the "no-grill in the table".
Perhaps they bring out a mini-burner like Hodori?
With the restaurant named "meat" I would assume that is their specialty, but I will save that for another visit as I did not see any people with the burner - please keep in mind it was 9pm so I wasn't expecting the restaurant to be packed.
Anyways, I ordered the mae-un-tang (spicy fish stew) and my g/f ordered the kimchi tofu soup.
The side dishes came out very quickly and we were served kimchi, radish kimchi, pickled radish slices, bean sprouts, spinach, and fish cake stir fry.
The radish kimchi was a little bland for my liking but the rest were pretty good.
The tofu soup was the first dish to make it out - while it had decent flavor, it didn't really compare to some of the tofu-specialty restaurants in the valley - but that's okay, we really didn't expect "blow my mind" tofu soup since the restaurant's name was Gogi (meat).
My spicy fish stew came out not long afterwards and was served in a traditional shallow and wide pot.
Glad I ordered that - it was pretty delicious.
The whitefish was nice and soft and had all of the fixings that it should have had.
Service was pretty good overall~ I'd definitely like to come back and try the meat dishes!

Amazing sushi, amazing service!
Can't wait to come back and try the other delicious items on the menu.

This is an excellent restaurant!
Great atmosphere and service.
We ordered one of their sushi combos and sashimi, and it was the best we've had in the valley!
The sashimi practically melted in your mouth.
I definitely recommend this great new restaurant; I know I'm definitely coming back.

Great new Korean restaurant in the East Valley.
Went here for the first time with some foodie friends last night.
Nice clean atmosphere with the usual Korean and Sushi menu.
We wanted to try just the Korean dishes so we could compare.
Korean Omelet Appetizer: If you like egg dishes then this is a must try.
Cooked perfectly (little wet - the way I like it) and flavor was fresh and was seasoned just right.
Fresh Water Eel Hot Stone Rice Bowl: Generous portion of one of my favorite dishes.
Rice and vegetables were perfectly balance and the sauce was superb.
The sunny side egg and eel on top was great.
Stir together with your preferred qty of sauce at the table and you will not be disappointed.
Galbi: great flavoring and cut.
Only complaint was I wished there was more.
Spicy Beef Stew:  Good balance of hotness and flavor.
My favorite part of our visit was the service.
The three girls that took our order and served our table were all extremely friendly and sincerely wanted to make our dinner memorable and enjoyable.
Our water glasses were never empty and the sides and rice were always continually offered.
Even one of our friends arrived late at closing time and they made him feel welcomed and brought him plenty rice and sides as he joined us.
Will definitely be back!

I have been wanting to try this place for a really long time and I can say its Meh.
I was so excited but sadly disappointed.
First of all they don't have fountain drinks so  our drinks were from a can or plastic bottle.
We  got the spicy pork (lunch) for $9.99, it was bland, lettuce wrap $5.99 but didn't get the chilli peppers, and 2 spicy tuna rolls.
At first our waitress only put in for 1 order so we had to wait.
The rolls were big and fat for $4.50 and worth the price.
I love it when the tuna is still cold and the rice is slightly warm.
That's the only thing that save Gogi from 1 star.
The spicy tuna was the BEST thing here.
I would ONLY come back for that.

Came here last night and had a great time!
Food was definitely very good.
tried a spicy tuna roll, Korean omelette, soon tofu combos for my wife and I, one with Kalbi and the other with bibimbap .
loved the flavor on everything and a great value for a Korean restaurant here in the valley!
so glad to see an option  outside of the few that are out there.
:)  Will be back!

This place was nice and clean.
The service was great, friendly, smiling all the time, and I wasn't wait too long for 2 meals.
I can't tell much about the taste since this is my first time to eat here.
I will update the review later.
I ate fish roe soup tofu spicy, something like that, which I thought it was OK.
The other order was beef soup bulgogi, that one of great but sweet.
The price for lunch around $9.00-ish per portion so I guess it's average but not consider cheap lunch..:).
The banchan kimchi, I like the most so far.
I will go back definitely :).

Finally a great Korean fix!
Spicy kimchi always hits the spot :) I ordered the chicken bulgogi and it was accompanied by small veggie side dishes.
The portions are good sized, the food is very flavorful and the service was welcoming and very nice.
I am sure to be a regular here.

The hot stone bowls are a behemoth of a meal, and so very tasty!
You get your choice of meat/veggie/tofu, and the bowl is loaded with rice, veggies, and aforementioned protein.
Since it is served in the hot stone, the rice on the bottom caramelizes and has a nice crispy texture.
We shared a lot of different dishes on our visit here.
In addition to the hot stone bowl, we got the omelet appetizer, buckwheat noodle with sashimi, beef bulgolgi, and tofu salad.
The omelet appetizer was a large roll of egg and veggies, good but nothing too special.
The buckwheat noodle was served cold, in a more al dente texture, covered with spicy red sauce.
While I enjoyed the noodles, a sashimi piece I ate had some cartilage or gristle on it, and the dish was so overwhelmingly covered with sauce that it tended to overpower the rest of the ingredients.
The beef bulgolgi was good, but it seemed like a smaller portion that what I'm used to (Or maybe it looked small due to the huge size of the hot stone bowl).
The tofu salad was excellent.
It had a delicate taste from the silky firm tofu slices, drizzled with a tangy, lightly sweet dressing, with fresh greens.
Service was excellent and the waitress was very cheerful and friendly.

Horrible service.
My family went for dinner and sat there for 20 minutes and no one bothered to take our order.
They should just put "Korean only" and not let anyone else in.

I lived in Korea for two years.
The food and atmosphere resembles that of what I experienced in Seoul.
The chefs and servers are all so friendly, and whenever I go in we chat for a bit and talk about Korea.
Come here for an authentic Korean restaurant experience!

Service A+, decor very nice, Bul Gogi and side dishes = Phenomenal.
Can't wait to go back.
These guys know how to put out top quality Bul-Gogi!
Super fresh rib-eye beef.
What a treat to have them open up a few months ago, truthfully the best Korean Food in Arizona, look no further, you will not be disappointed!

We always try to find new places to eat and we weren't disappointed!
Their side dishes were extremely good (especially their kimchi) and we enjoyed our main dishes as well!
Will be coming here again!

Great Korean restaurant .. My first time we got seated very quick.. Good services and great food.. High quality sashimis .. Can't go wrong with sashimi tartar

Just had first dinner at Gogi.
Everything was very fresh and TASTY.
The "Monkey Balls" were amazing - tuna, mozzarella, jalapeno in balls and deep fried.
Maybe a little light on the jalapeno.
Seaweed salad was a thing of beauty and really delicious!
Husband ordered kimchi soup, which was great and I don't normally like kimchi.
We'll be going back for sure.
Servers were very friendly and helpful.

Pretty average for Korean.
The service is not very good it's pretty hard to get your water refill.
The bulgogi was definitely dry, overcook.
The spicy pork was very good.
Overall if you want Great Korean this is not it.
Look to a place like Chodang.

