First time here and I'm super excited that a juice place has finally opened up in my area!
I walked in and the place is a cute small little spot, but very clean and I like the look plus they have a couple of outside tables.
I was greeted right when I walked in and the girl at the register was very friendly and helpful...
Customer service goes a long way with me  So I decided to go with a smoothie, but they also have juices and acai bowls which look delicious.
I ordered the date nut which reminds me of yummie banana nut bread, which I love!
Just a heads up for anyone looking to grab the cleanses or bottled juices, they said they wouldn't be getting those for another week or two.
I'll definitely be going back...

Nektar just opened very close to my work and we were all very excited.
They have fresh pressed juices, blended smoothies and acai bowls.
They are also going to be getting in a line of detoxifying cleanses in a couple of weeks.
So far I have tried the buzz which is a mix of carrot, orange, lemon and ginger and it is delicious.
It is around $7 for a 24oz juice or smoothie so, they are definitely not cheap but very healthy.
The acai bowls are also delicious.
They are pretty much a blended type of sorbet made of acai berries and cashew milk, topped with fresh fruit and granola, they have 4 flavors of these.
Overall my experience here has been great so far.
I have met the owner/manager and he is very nice.
The service has been great so far.
It does take about 10 minutes to make a fresh juice so just be prepared for that time.
I will be back!

Horribly disappointing!
I love healthy juice/smoothie places and this one is on my way to work.
I got an offer on Facebook for a half off deal and went this evening to try it out.
There is no hours of operation sign posted but the door was open so I went in.
It was 6:05pm on a Monday.
There was no one behind the counter and I had to call out to the person in the back room.
She said sorry we're closed but then another guy came over and said they could serve me.
Well then I was turned away because they already cashed out the till for the evening.
I left with no juice or smoothie only a sore taste in my mouth.
Poor customer service for a new business in town.
I'll keep going to Tropical Smoothi one mile down the road.

it was my first time at nekter, thanks to a lot of hype from my friends... and I was not disappointed!
pros: -healthy -adequately priced menu -juice, smoothie, and bowl variety -loyalty program  -good portions    cons: -hours of operation (closes pretty early, 6pm)  I would love to see online ordering as an option for this location, as they do offer it at some California locations and this one does close so early.
I've heard from a few people that the juices do not taste great, but I have yet to try one.
I feel like a quality, healthful juice isn't always going to taste the way you want it too.
I am stuffed after eating only half of my açaí bowl!
since it is blended frozen fruit with granola, it wouldn't be good to save.
I'll come back and share it with a friend next time.

So far so good.
Since their opening, I have already been here 3 times.
It is nice to have a juice bar so close to home.
I have tried every category of the menu: juice, smoothie, acai bowl.
Favorites so far are the sublime juice and the acai banana berry bowl.
Beware, the bowl is big.
The juices taste fresh and the sitting space is kept clean.
Service is friendly.
Prices are in line with the last juice bar I visited - Whole Foods.
I can't wait to try other juices and bowls.

It was my first time to have a "green juice".
I was advised to ask for double apple to make it sweeter.
It was surprisingly tasty- I just wish it was colder.

First time in and boy were they crowded.
The staff was hustling like nobody's business and getting fresh stuff out quickly.
I ordered a chocolate dream smoothie and the carob avocado mixture was just like drinking a chocolate shake.
The berry smoothie was also very very good and as I watched the acai bowls go by, I was drooling.
They are friendly, quick, and supremely healthy.
Can't wait to go back and get another one!

Didn't even get my juice.
I had to be somewhere at 10:45am.
Got here at 9:50 ordered a juice was told it would be five minutes.
After twenty minutes went up to see if mine was almost done.
The lady said she was making mine next.
After another 15 minutes.
She made the wrong juice.
Was there for over 35 minutes and had to lave without a juice.
Can't comment on if the juice is good or not cause I never received mine.
Will not go back.

So happy to have this juice, smooth & acia bar in the neighborhood.
I highly recommend the Popeye & pink flamingo smoothies, the sublime juice and the PB acia bowl.
*one hint of advice: they tend to overuse granola in the PB acia bowl*.

I've been to nekter around 5 times since it opened and I am so happy with what they offer!
I've not only tried a lot more items from the menu, but the staff is wonderful!
I ordered 2 24oz popeye açaí smoothies, and they looked a little more brown than usual (instead of the bright green color).
the staff was super kind and offered to remake the smoothies for me!
I greatly appreciated the extra effort to make sure their customers were happy.

Stumbled upon this place coming out of Z'Tejas across the parking lot and was pleasantly surprised to find that a juice bar had opened up so close to my house!
Now my days of driving to central Phoenix or Scottsdale just to get some fresh, cold pressed juice or smoothies are gone!
** One quick tip before my review - they make their products fresh from scratch, so your order will not be out to you in 60 seconds, especially if there were a few people ahead of you in line.
As long as you are okay waiting for a few minutes, then it will be worth it.
Due to a nut allergy, there are only three different smoothies I can consume "as-is", but I don't think that will be an issue because the Pink Flamingo (main ingredient is pitaya, so the smoothie has a really cool, bright fuschia color to it) is definitely a rock star in my book.
I have not tried any of the juices off the menu yet, but I have purchased a few different ones they have bottled in a cooler next to the counter and have enjoyed them.
I even bought the 1-day cleanse (normally $65 but they are doing a limited time special of $52) and did that on Sunday with positive results!
I give the products 4 stars and the extra star goes to the employees, they are awesome.
I had a bunch of (probably annoying) questions about my nut allergy and how that would hamper by ability to do their cleanse that has a drink that contains almonds, and they did what they could to try and work around that - and even though I ended up having to just deal with the way the cleanse comes, it is still appreciated that they tried to be resourceful and find a way to accomodate instead of just writing me off.
Big kudos to the Nekter team!

Delicious!
I love their grab and go options especially.
Acai bowls, smoothies and juices are all great.
The PB bowl is my favorite.
Staff is very friendly too.
I always stop by when I am in the area!

Awesome juices and smoothies!
Try the chocolate dream if you are craving something rich in flavor.
:D   Employees don't seem too knowledgeable of the cleanses but my boyfriend and I tried it anyway.
Six juices in a day - wasn't all that bad.
We definitely felt better the following days and are now considering doing a 2-3 day cleanse.

I've been in here twice now.
The first time I was one of only a few customers so the wait time was minimal.
I ordered two different juices--The Buzz and the Toxin Flush-- because I really like fresh juice and I'd been excited to try this place.
First of all, I don't get why everyone is raving about the customer service.
Both times I've been in it's been standard high school kids clearly working a part-time job.
I say "clearly" because it's obvious they're just going through the motions; I overheard a woman ask a question about the pricing in the to-go case and the girl behind the counter sort of shrugged.
And on my first visit the guy who rang me up asked, "Do you want ice?
" I told him no.
"Are you sure?
" He asked.
"It's going to come out warm.
" Now maybe they get a lot of complaints from people who aren't familiar with how juicing works so they feel obligated to ask that question, but the way he said it and his expression...
It was such a turn off.
Like he was warning me what I just ordered was going to be gross.
Both of those juices were fine.
They tasted pretty similar to one another.
I'd give each one a B.
The second time I went in, the place was packed.
I ordered an acai berry bowl and a Greenie juice, both to go.
So the acai bowl came out about ten minutes later (all the reviews mentioning long wait times are correct) but the juice took another ten minutes.
Meanwhile this frozen acai bowl is just sitting there in front of me, melting under its to-go lid.
When I finally got the juice and got everything back to my car, I had a chance to taste the Greenie... And it was gross.
Barely palatable.
Bitter and sharp, not at all what I was expecting-- and I drink a lot of greens.
The acai bowl was fine, the fruit was fresh and it all tasted good.
I don't know that I need another one.
Ultimately I think I'll stick with The Chopshop or Whole Foods for juice.
More customer service attention, faster (by far) and tastier.
If you're looking for a good green juice, I recommend Chopshop's Kale Cleanse or the Chandler Garden at Whole Foods.

Good bowls and smoothies.
My only complaint is that I don't like "feel good healthy" places that don't share nutritional facts or calories.
The majority of people eat this to eat healthy and they don't have any information here or on their website.

This is right next door to my work.
Great healthy alternative for a snack or a drink.
My favorite is the buzz and the toxin flush....
Both I add extra ginger.
The acai bowls and the pitaya bowl are also delicious, and very filling.
Be forewarned, they are very busy, and since all these items are made to order.... You may have to wait a while.
However, I've never had to wait more than 15mins even when its packed.

I am completely OBSESSED with Nekter.
My boyfriend discovered it a few months ago and since then, we have both been hooked!!
Everything is so refreshing and delicious.
The only thing I dislike that that its a little pricy, (not that it holds us back) and I also wish that they would display the nutritional information, mainly the calorie count.
Other than that I love this place!
Everyone is super nice and helpful!

Nice place to get a yummy and healthy smoothie.
They changed their hours and are now open at 7am, which is nice.
I like getting a drink before work.
The employees are super friendly and make quality food and drinks.
The only bad thing I have to say about this place is my experience with the wheat grass shot.
It was fine going down until I got home.
And then it all came back up.
This didn't just happen to me but my two friends as well.
It took me awhile to go back after that experience.
Stick with the juices & smoothies and you should be just fine.

We decided to stop by Nekter for lunch.
The gentleman at the cash register was really friendly & answered all of our questions regarding the menu.
We ended up getting the Date Nut Smoothie & the PB bowl.
Even though it was really busy, with a lot of people waiting for their order, it only took a few minutes to get both of our orders.
The Date Nut Smoothie was really good ...
It tasted kind of like a banana nut cake in smoothie form - a little bit sweet, but not overdone.
I had ordered the 24 oz which was a pretty big size.
The PB Bowl was also really big but really good - contained the fruit smoothie-like mixture on bottom, topped with granola & fresh fruit.
Even though the prices of the menu items are high, it's nice that they use fresh ingredients.
The place was clean & we were pleased with our experience, so we'd go back.

I seriously love this place!
It's kind of funny to walk in and see baskets of fake fruit for decoration because everything is so fresh and delicious, but who cares.
I always order the Acaí Banana Berry Bowl, which is seriously the most delicious thing ever!
The wait time can be a little longer than other traditional smoothie bars, but in my opinion you're getting a higher quality product so it's totally worth it.
Definitely recommend this place!

My first time here and I would definitely come back.
I got the toxin flush juice and it was tasty.
Quick and easy.
Sometimes it's hard to find healthy when I'm on the go, but this was perfect.
I just wish it was closet to my house!

A GREAT option for healthy food on the go.
I especially like the acai bowls that are filled with fruit and granola.
Decent sized portions for the pricing, friendly staff, and a very clean environment.
I would recommend Nekter to anyone wanting a taste of healthy living!

