Outstanding customer service!
What a brilliant idea to have on the strip!
You can rent a gorgeous dress for the night or a week rather than buying that couture one you saw at Saks.
They carry up to a size 22 (plus sizes) in the store so curvy gals rejoice!
I'll definitely be back on my next trip!

I was looking for a long evening gown for a work dinner.
It was a last minute decision.
I was staying at the cosmopolitan and found out that Rent The Runway has a store in the hotel.
So me and my girlfriends dropped by.
I don't remember his name but he was very welcoming the minute we walked into the store.
I knew my body type well, told him what I was looking for and he suggested a few gowns.
His service was impeccable and was super helpful.
The dress was too long and he offered to fashion taped it.
When I went to pick up the grown, he got me to try the gown to make sure everything was siting well.
His service was great and very thoughtful.
He made the entire rental experience so pleasant and enjoyable.
Thank you very much!!
I wished I remember his name.
The red dress I rented was amazing.
I received a lot of compliments the entire night.
Definitely a very happy customer.

Many thanks to Chelsea and Alan for their time, attention, and patience.
Their assistance and style advice helped me reserve three dresses for my April wedding.
I only wish this store opened sooner!

Was on a birthday weekend trip with some friends.
I have rented from RTR online previously with good experiences, and had walked by the storefront on a previous trip.
Unfortunately, I was unimpressed.
The selection is minimal, and some of the dresses show significant wear.
For example, there was a dress hanging up that had significant pilling on it; so much that it looked like something from Goodwill instead of a runway caliber dress.
Another was missing a bunch of sequins.
I was also unhappy with the fact that only some of the dresses display rental pricing, and that the pricing is (at least for all the dresses we picked out) was the same as on the website.
Not terrible, until you remember that the website rents for 5 days, versus 1 night in store.
In the future, I'll stick to renting online simply because I know I'll find something.
If you're planning a trip to the store, make sure you have brought a back up dress in case you can't find anything.
I still gave 3 stars because everyone was very helpful and friendly.
I found a dress I loved, but nothing ended up being right for a Vegas night out, so I didn't get anything.
Furthermore, none of the sales people were pushy when I finally gave up, and they didn't try to force a rental on me.

I made a last minute decision to drop by Rent the Runway the day of a professional event.
I'd looked online & saw they carried plus sizes, so I hesitantly gave it a try.
I could not have been happier.
Whole the selection in my size was limited, I did have an array of choices.
I found a fantastic dress & paid much less than a new dress.
The rental process was simple & I have four days to return it -- not one as a previous reviewer stated.
I picked up Saturday morning & have to bring it back by Tuesday.
They also gave me the option of dropping the dress off at UPS.
That may cost extra, but I live near the store, so I was willing to drop it back by.
I will surely use them again.
We are actually taking my daughter there to pick out a prom dress in a few days.
Why pay hundreds for a dress she will never wear again?

I was very excited to get some dresses for my birthday weekend celebration.
I've rented dresses online before and always had a great experience.
The selection of dresses was much smaller then I expected.
Most of their dresses looked more like the type of styles I wear for work then a night out in Vegas.
What disappointed me the most was the shape that the dresses were in.
Most strapless dresses were stretched out and some even had holes in them.
I'm sure these dresses get more wear and tear then the ones you get online.
I did end up finding 2 dresses and the customer service was nice.
Next time I would bring a back-up outfit just incase.
The selections are spotty and might not be quite what you have in mind.

