I came to this Marshall's location with the assumption that since they're on The Strip they would have the best selection in the city, and the selection was nice.
I parked at the MGM and then walked along the strip to get here, the actual store is located underground and felt pretty warm when I walked in, (I was sweating!
) The interior atmosphere is like any regular Marshall's except for the industrial stairway and platform when you walk in.
It was also very clean and nice inside!
Since I was in a rush I only saw the women's selection but found some of my favorite brands, Joe's, Paige, J Brand, Joie, James Perse etc.
The employees are very nice, especially the fitting room attendant, she was great, very friendly.
I did not entirely enjoy the walk getting to this location but the whole experience was so nice that I wouldn't mind coming back here for some great finds.
I am loving the Joe's I purchased, definitely the best jeans I've ever bought!

The cleanest, brightest, best stocked Marshalls this outlet shopper has ever experienced.
It's quiet and organized inside, a big contrast to the Ross next door.
Highly recommend if you're on vacay and forgot something at home....Big enough to occupy a beat the heat moment from your trek along the Strip.

Meh... My friend and I were very excited to come to this Marshall's after reading both five star reviews and being avid Marshall's fans for a few years.
Really, this Marshall's didn't have as much to offer us as I thought it would.
It was fun to browse; I bought two clearance soy candles for $3 each.
There was quite the selection of sunglasses which was fun.
The purses were mediocre and the shoes were a bit old-lady for me.
We had to park at MGM in order to get to the store... That was a bit confusing and annoying.
We will be coming back to Vegas soon, but probably not back to this Marshall's.

I'm not sure why some reviewers say this place was small.
I thought it was huge with a great selection.
I found lots of things I wanted to purchase.
However, I got two tops, a pair of sunglasses and a set of barbells.
First of all, the barbells were a steal at a clearance price of $3.
The sunglasses were beautiful and I wear them with pride.
My two tops are really cute.
Checkout was fast and easy.
I would absolutely go back without hesitation.

