= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =  Yay, happiness is a new Buffet, especially if it's a (rare) Pakistani Buffet!
Yes, Pakistani, NOT INDIAN!
Differences, as well as some of the dishes served, include BEEF (Yay beef!!
)  and no alcohol, which suits me fine at lunch time.
:-)  This Copper Kettle has opened in place of the one on Alma School Rd.
and features a mid-sized dining room and a Lunch Buffet, right-sized for this type of food at about 18 main offerings plus sauces & toppings.
I started with a tossed salad & some delicious Lentil Soup.
Soon a basket of hot from the oven Garlic Naan arrived at my table, buttery & delicious!
Back over at the hot table I helped myself to some of almost everything including Pea Palao, Basmati Rice, Beef Nahari, Beef Paya, and a number of other tasty treats including two common to both Pakistani & Indian restaurants Chicken Tika Masala & Tandoori Chicken (of premium chicken and cooked just right!).
I also had some Poori (a deep fried flatbread), and Sweet Halva for dessert.
There was also a custard dish & more, but I didn't have room to try them this time.
The owner & his assistant were super nice & this Buffet is served up 7 days a week from 11 AM for under $10.
:-))

Love this place!
Amazing customer service, super clean, relaxing music, delicious lunch buffet for less than $8 dollars.

Bland food.
Very late service.
Gave one rating coz it wouldnt let me give a zero rating.

Food tastes good but the customer service is pathetic.
Management should hire more staff.
The place is not at all hygienic, the glasses weren't washed cleanly and were smelling.
I wasn't impressed with the overall service.

Any business that ran out of food should NOT be open and offer to take any costumer or their money when they don't have the food they are advertising in their menu!
That said here is why I gave them one star considering the Copper Kettle's Mixed Grill itself was acceptable to eat.
I got there on a Sunday evening around 7:45pm.
A young friendly gentlemen received me with a smile and things seemed pleasant!
It took a while for him to get to my order considering there was 6 people at the place.
Then he informed me that he didn't have anything I was ordering due to a busy day.
So I settled with what they had and here is what I got.
The Nan "bread made fresh at the restaurant " and they claim is the best was UNCOOKED and doughty"   The Doodh Lassi "a yogurt drink that can be sweet or salty" I ordered the salty one was so SALTY it was undrinkable.
It had so much salt you could float on it.
"NOW it may not be a drink most people in Tempe may find palatable but I grew up drinking it so I KNOW how much salt should be in it... it should NOT gag you like salt water!
NO chutney or any side condiment normally associated with Indian or Pakistani food present.... anything I asked they replayed "sorry we ran out" or we don't have it... is like going to a pizza place and asking for Parmesan or crushed peppers and to be told we don't carry any of them???
WHAT???
I am not sure what kind of clientele they get normally but it was insulting to me when they pretend what they had to offer is the experience I should have had... Like I never done this before....
I asked for hari chutney and he was trying to pass a watered down Raita with out cucumbers for it...
???
unbelievable...
The only waiter there was trying hard (I want to give him credit) but so ill equipped I felt sorry for him... Shame on the owners for leaving the guy to fend for himself like however I wasn't' sorry for the $18 bill I payed for food they didn't have and the uncooked Nan that was their claim to be the best.
I also asked to dilute my Doodh Lassi drink so it was drinkable.
it took 20 minute with only 6 people in the place and almost at the end of my meal a mango pickle plate was offered to me.
So to be clear it took the man 40 minute to find the pickle jar they didn't have!
at this moment 30 people walked into the place...
I saw the waiters face go blank and I knew they would not be able to serve them properly they couldn't handle 7 at this time but nobody said a word to this big group that just walked in the place.... and they seated the group...
I had to get up and go to the cash register to pay for my meal and I stood there a good 10 minutes while the waiter jumped table to table telling them what he had or not....   A disaster!
just a disaster!
I waisted one hour and 20 minute for food that wasn't worth it.

Really friendly and attentive service.
Went in for the lunch buffet which was totally worth it for $9.
They made fresh nan bread for us and another table, nice touch.
Good  chicken tikka masala, perfect rice, everything I tried was good-to-really good.
We will be going back!

Visited for lunch buffet.
Food selection was good, but the food was lukewarm.
Specially ordered onion kulcha which was really good.
Much of the food was spicy but especially the spinach paneer!
Dessert selection was small (2 items)and not of good quality.
Interior was open with plenty of seating, but sparse on decorations.
Service was okay.

Yum!!
Chicken boti kababs - out of this world delicious.
I've only ordered take-out, but both times the service was great.
When I picked up once,  I had so much food the person working opened the door for me.
I will definitely be back!

Had an a-la-carte dinner here.
Very good, fresh, spicy dishes.
Dishes have an authentic Punjabi flavor.
There is dinner buffet till 9pm, for $10.
Decent service and comfortable ambiance.
Probably the best budget Indian cuisine in Tempe.
Best dish: Paneer Tikka Masala.

Really friendly and sweet staff which made my first visits very welcoming.
Just finished having some delicious chicken tandoori.
I will definitely go again  especially to try their desserts.
They sounded delicious.

