Thank goodness All About Paws opened!
It's the only self serve dog wash on this side of town.
I visited them today after a recommendation from a friend and I'm glad I did.
They're still a few weeks away from a grand opening but I have no complaints.
I highly recommend self serve dog washes.
They provide everything you need from shampoos and conditioners to industrial blow dryers that get my shih tzu dry in no time!
It's new so obviously it's a clean facility, but you can tell there's a lot of care going into the business.
Owners were there as I washed my shih tzu Cash who is in full coat.
They were very helpful and friendly.
Reasonably priced treats and other goodies too.
Overall wonderful experience.

Absolutely love this place.
We took our two dogs in for grooming and loved it.
The owner was there and the groomer was so great with our girls.
They made sure we were comfortable and that the girls were comfortable and felt safe.
When we picked them up they were so pretty and you could tell they Were super happy.
We've obviously taken them to other places in the past, but we've never been as satisfied with the service and attention that was given to our girls.
Love that they are in the neighborhood and love that they are very reasonably priced.
They've got a self wash too and lots of cool stuff for the pups.
Can't wait to go back!

Customer Service is a A++ here:: it's new to the area which is great!
Love the concept and the fun!
I have a HUGE dog he is a whopping 90 lbs.
lol:: he's just very tall :: he is a American bulldog:: white and looked Greyish brown when we brought him in:: our shampoo, conditioner, towels, and sprays were all provided.
They have a blow dryer, brushes, and a ear cleaner station!!
My dog loves to bath though:: he is a true water dog at heart:: he was super excited and was talking the whole time, yah he loves to bark and tell you all about it..
It was a total of $14.00 including a snack/cookie I bought for him!
Did I mention All organics on the items!!
He was sparkling clean when we left and I haven't picked him up even from a groomer as clean:: half the price too!
They have a full groom side if u don't wanna be hands on::  Will be back to wash the big dog!

Ok.
Wife had gone once before and loved this place.
We own two wonderfull, sweet Golden Retrievers.
Beautiful dogs that shed a LOT and are a mess to bathe.
We we went on a Sunday morning.
(They open at 10 am on Sunday)!!
They have three tubs.
Two were open !
Perfect!
Nice tub, sprayer and blow dryer.
Will definitely go back.
Great place!

