Okay, so I shouldn't review a bar/restaurant on opening night but I'm here now and no one else is doin' it.
Glitch #1:  the LVRJ ad said: Food!
Fun!
Prizes for the first 100 people!
"  I really didn't think we'd be in that coveted swag group even though we got there at 6:40.
But seeing that Distill was re-distilling in the space occupied by the late, lamented Agave Restaurant, a cavernous place, we didn't expect to be fighting for wall space.
How'd this happen?
They opened at 4:30!
What happened to truth in advertising??
They did have a buffet station set up, with pizza, round potato bites, beef strips and all the fixings for fajitas, chicken & artichoke dip, bruschetta, and jumbo shrimp for shrimp cocktail.
The fajitas were very good, the potato puffs were delicious, but the rest was just okay.
Finally we snagged a booth, and except for the demo girls handing out Royal Crown & Jack Daniels' Tennessee Honey samples & some cute t-shirts, we couldn't snag a server even to clear the table, let alone slake our parched palates.
Servers are also bussers, which didn't help speed things up.
And the bar was backed up with drink orders.
They definitely could benefit from a second bar.
We did manage to fill up on the free offerings, so I'll reserve my food critique until next time.
We checked out the menu, with its standard assortment of appetizers, salads, burgers, and sandwiches, and prices are pretty reasonable.
But the Happy Hour (3-6 pm and 3-6 am - catering to early joggers?
) menu is completely unimaginative and eminently skippable.
I'll update my review and impressions of the food after all the excitement dies down (and hopefully the noise - this place is jet-takeoff LOUD!!!!!
), but my initial impressions are just ho-hum.

Two things you need to know off the bat.
First, 21 and above only; no problem.
Second, SMOKE SMOKE SMOKE everywhere; gross.
Went to the opening last night, and it was packed and loud, but a good vibe and crowd.
There was a band playing, but after talking with one of the owners that won't be an "everyday" thing, at least not for now.
Even though it was busy, the servers were quick and prompt and very very friendly and upbeat.
The decor is warmer and more inviting than when this place was Agave, with a lot of lounge chairs and tables replacing the old table booths.
The patio is still there and will be a welcome place to hangout in the warmer weather.
There is also a game room area, with video bowling, golfing, pool table, etc.
And, the "jukebox" is pretty cool, with the ability to sync to your iPhone and music playlists.
And of course plenty of  TVs throughout to catch your fave sporting event.
This morning we decided to try out breakfast, since we were running errands in the area.
We sat in the main bar area, and my first impression was "I don't want to eat in a place that all I can smell is cigarette smoke.
"  It's just not appealing.
It didn't seem so smokey the night before, but this morning was a different story.
The menu looks good, and they serve breakfast 24/7.
My husband had the build your own breakfast burrito (sausage, spinach, tomato and cheese), and they forgot the sausage.
I had the patty melt and it was "meh".
Not great.
Not horrible.
I ordered a bloody mary...let's just say it needs work.
Like, a lot of work.
I don't know what I had, but it was no where close to a bloody mary, lacking in taste and "zip.
"  Our waitress seemed nervous, and I'll chalk it up to the place only being open for 2 days.
But first impression, she had the personality of a log.
On a side note, the manager came over and introduced herself and was very welcoming, perky and nice.
Like I said, I'll chalk it up to nerves and the newness of it all.
This place has the potential to be a great locals hangout, and the owners are experienced restauranteurs/tavern/grill operators.
We'll give it a month to work out the kinks and go back and give it another go.
However, it'll have to be on the patio to avoid as much smoke as possible (if I want smoke with my food and drink, I'll go the casino across the street, or to the Irish bar at Boca Park; point is, Summerlin doesn't need another smokey bar/grill).
And, maybe I'll hand the bartender a good bloody mary recipe while I'm at it.
I do hope this place does well either way.

A few friends & I went on opening night.
The staff was very friendly & the service was great.
Prices seemed very reasonable on both food & drinks.
We ate the buffet they had (fajitas were great!
) but I am looking forward to returning to try several menu options.
The patio was fabulous & the updated decor inside was very inviting.
I would love to make this my new brunch spot!

Really good American fare and drinks in a funky bar setting!
So my husband and I just went here today initially for a few drinks after work, but we enjoyed the vibe and the look of the place so we decided to stay for dinner.
We are very glad we did.
We had these tasty crab bites to start.
My husband had a patty melt that he liked so much that I barely got a bite.
The thing that sealed the deal for me were the banana fritters for dessert - fried just right with a rockin' carmel sauce.
As locals, we finally feel like we may have found a place that has the right balance between being a funky bar and a very good restaurant.
We are going to go back to see if we are right.

This place is incredible.
Okay, maybe a little strong for a local bar, but this place is pretty great.
It's a super chill, super well appointed place to come in for a drink.
Not to mention their fully stocked bar, with real, professional bartenders.
These guys are pros and will take great care of you.
Their progressive jackpots were at $6,000 each and they have this promotion where every hour they pick numbers and if it matches all of your numbers that you pick you get 10k.
The burger I had "the cure" was so good.
It had fried parsnips, which were pretty darn good.
I love this place for graveyard.
They have a full staff just waiting to help you, full kitchen, bottom line, stop in and have a nice night.
And the patio is the best part, just so you know.

Did a real quick stop in to check out the Happy Hour.
I only had 30 minutes to eat/drink and be on my way and they definitely got me in and out of there in good time.
Service was quick and our table actually had 3 servers take our orders/serve our food/check on us.
Well drink was $3, like the price and value there.
Also enjoyed their chili fries, chicken sliders and chips and salsa.
Just a personal thing, I really don't think that any restaurant should charge for chips and salsa but I will give these guys a pass as the salsa was pretty good.
Definitely going back to spend a little more time to feel the vibe.
Also looking forward to hanging at the patio when the weather warms up.
As a former Agave patron, I am happy to see a cool place in this beautiful space.

Having lived on the Summerlin side of town for a long time to see this actual building rotate though a former life of being many different restaurants/bars over many years, I think there might be a recipe with this new Distill that might make it stick.
Unlike prior restaurants/bars in the same space who really never changed it up so much, the decor and design has changed just so to make it feel and look brand new and that time and consideration was put into this remodel.
It is still built on a round center bar, but they have knocked down enough walls, put up enough brick and done enough design changes to make it feel welcoming and different.
Pretty expansive menu considering it is basically a bar (which includes breakfast 24/7, which I personally found to be a big bonus), what I thought to be reasonably priced and many nooks/spots to sit and hunker down to meet with friends, it seems like a good "local spot.
"  Often in Vegas, we (or maybe me) look to restaurants/bars that are unique/have an edge/have a niche, when indeed to great solid, basic staple with nice staff, good food and a nice atmosphere.
Although there is nothing earth shattering or noteworthy to say "this place is awesome" (although there are pool tables in the back),  I still enjoyed going and will absolutely go back.
As it advertises wanting to be a local hangout, I think they might be on to something and being a local in the Summerlin area, I will go back.
Curious about the smoking policy, for the nice hostess indicated that you could smoke anywhere and I saw only one person smoking who was sitting at the bar.
With people eating everywhere and NV law, not sure the hostess was correct.
I am not a smoker and a "you can smoke anywhere" bar would surely be the only thing that would turn me off about this place.
Again, I did not grill the nice hostess any further, although would clarify when I am in there again.
Maybe it is indeed my new local hangout.

Distill is a warm and inviting place.
Its located close to BJ's in Summerlin, with tons of parking.
They have a large outdoor patio with plenty of seating for you and your friends.
Very large location, Irish beers, and easy to read menus!
*  Welcome Experience -  Ordinary - Upon entering the main door I was expecting to find a server or greeter standing there, however there wasn't anyone.
Within a minute or two a lady approached me with a warm smile and told me I could sit wherever I wanted and a server would bring us some menus.
I wish I would of been greeted sooner, but in the end it worked out.
*  Establishment -  Outstanding - The design of the overall business is fantastic.
Its clean, open, casual, with great music playing in the back ground.
There is a pool table off in the corner, a large bar in the center, and a really awesome Patio area.
*  Service -  Outstanding - Our waitress, and her assistants were awesome!
They checked on us routinely, and made sure we had everything that we needed.
Wish I remembered the ladies name.
I found out that she had worked a double shift and was still cheery and all smiles!
*  Food Quantity / Quality / Presentation -  Outstanding - The Food was amazing.
You never know how a place is going to be when they first open.
Wish I would of taken some pictures of the food.
The Mashed Potatoes Bites were DELICIOUS!!
The Appetizers were well proportioned, and the quality was amazing.
Kudos to the kitchen staff on a job well done!,   * Stuff that isn't important but I felt it was worth mentioning.
They have power outlets everywhere!
We were there for a business meeting and I was surprised to find power outlets in the main dinning room near a lot of the tables.
Great place to have a casual business meeting.
Looks like they could accommodate large group meetings as well.
The menus were very easy to read, and well put together.
*  What I'll remember - The Moscow Mule Drink!
AMAZING.
and the food.
soo good.
I will also remember the reasonable prices.
The quick prompt services.
*  What I can't wait to forget   Nothing!
It was all quite amazing.
And I am a huge critic.
This place rocks, way better than some chain restaurant.
They have nice views, and would be a great place to go on a date, or to have beers, lunch, and dinner with your friends.
Suggestions:  - I would suggest they take dinner reservations during prime dinner hours

Great neighborhood bar!
Went there for breakfast.
They have a good selection of breakfast items.
My husband got the steak and eggs.
Steak was scrumptious!
I had bacon and eggs, which were ok.
I think they used powdered eggs which is why I say the breakfast was just ok. On the plus side, the service was great!
Plus the bar has lots of tv and seating.
Look forward to watching football games there in the fall, or trying out the pool tables.
I'm definitely going back to try out lunch and/or dinner and their happy hour!

Great wait staff, very friendly and the place looks amazing and the food is great We will defiantly come back and recommend this place to our friends.

Went today for lunch ....started off with the avocado eggrolls...YUM!
I had the Mad Mule and my friend had the Devoted Hound to drink....both good...the Mule was the best.
For lunch I had the french dip....awesome...she had a calzone....it was huge...we could have shared it...for dessert we had the banana fritters with some yummy fireball caramel sauce.
The service was good and both the owner and the chef came by to check on us.
There were some other things that got our attention...will be going back to try some of them

Distill Bar is the old Agave.
The decor hasn't changed much but didn't really need to.
Got here early - around 5.
Wasn't too busy.
Had couple drinks at the bar - my friend won $20 bucks :) - and then sat at a high top table just a few feet away when my other 2 friends arrived.
The one thing that stood out for me was the staff.
Positive attitude and attentive.
From the bar to the table.
We ordered the chips and salsa ($1.99 happy hour) at the bar.
The salsa wasn't bad but the chips just wasn't like Agave when we ordered it was hot and freshly made.
We ordered the mashed potato bites, as we were told it was the most popular.
It was ok.
I guess I expected it to be more crispy on the outside.
I'll try the pretzels or the poppers next time.
Breakfast is served 24/7!
I asked our server for suggestions and settled on the steak and eggs breakfast.
($11.99)  I forgot to advise how I wanted my steak cooked and wasn't asked so I got it well done.
Bummer as I'm a medium rare girl.
Eggs were cooked perfectly.
Steak was very thin, and had as much flavor as I would expect a well done thin steak to be.
Friend ordered the chicken fried steak special and it came with soup or salad, mashed potatoes and vegetables for $11.99.
He liked it.
Another friend ordered the chicken fried steak breakfast with the sauce on the side and that got confused - amazingly it took only a few minutes to have fresh one made.
The sauce was made with sausage.
Funny part was we had a hard time figuring out the "sausage" in the sauce and had to ask.
Our server didn't know and had to ask herself.
That being said it wasn't bad :)  The soup was a chicken and artichoke.
It came out - to me - barely warm.
It was my friend's soup and he was content with it.
But I like my soup hot.
Couldn't even see any steam.
My friend had the black and blue burger.
He loved it.
Gave it three thumbs up!
Seems to be the food of choice as I saw quite a few sliders and burgers at other tables.
I was just hoping the breakfast would've been better as most of the time you can't really mess that up.
Food 3.5  Service 4.5 Venue 4

You should stop by to see for yourself.
We had a great experience.
It's the old Agave restaurant next to the Summerlin Costco.
The did some remodeling to give it their own flare but the layout is the same.
Went there for dinner.
We were pleasantly surprised by the quality and the affordable prices.
I had the special.
Surf and turf.
8 oz NY strip steak with shrimp scampi, roasted potatoes, asparagus and a salad.
$14.95.
Are you kidding me?
On the strip you would be lucky to get a third of the portion of the steak with no sides for the price.
The steak was delicious.
Beautiful char, cooked exactly the way I ordered.
The roast potatoes were perfectly seasoned.
Lovely baby asparagus.
The salad was mixed baby greens.
Not some cheap iceberg salad.
She had a chicken sandwich which she liked very much with the same salad.
A big 25 ounce draft and a bottle of ultra.
All in $36.
Unbelievable.
Stupendous value.
Great atmosphere and delicious food.
Tony the manager made a point to stop by and chat with nearly every table.
What we needed in Summerlin.
A nice tavern with delicious food at friendly prices along with excellent service.
Amber took great care of us.
We will be back.
Kudos

I just love this new spot.
Sara & D are amazing servers, request them when you go in.
They'll take good care of you!
Chicken nachos, mini sliders, bruschetta, mash potato bites have been tasty enough for my boyfriend & I to return multiple times now.
Great happy hour!
Pool tables & a pretty patio.. :)

I was going to give this place a good old fashioned ribbing until I read the other reviews.
I waited a couple of weeks to visit to let them get into the groove.
Not bad.
About what I expected from the Rememdy's people.
Attention to detail, but not much personality.
I will say the pretentious Summerlin crowd is pretty damn hard to please.
Why would you compare this place to Agave?
You all let that place flop.
Anyway.
... Not really a restaurant, but not quite a bar.
As for the gaming.
Love that it is JET.
Chanel, and Dan at the bar made the trip for me.
Innes & Gunn on tap.
The drink list has potential.

It's been a few spots prior and this is the best.
Good service, great drinks and great atmosphere!

I'll give it 3.5 stars overall.
I've been here 3 times now, once around 7pm, once at 4am, and once at 3pm for college hoops.
First time, sat at the bar, ordered the mule drink and a chicken dinner.
Cute bartender took our order for drinks, then disappeared...finally another one took our meal order.
Chicken had good flavor, lots of food on the plate, but was a touch dry.
My friend has the tacos, he enjoyed them and got full on 3.
2nd time came in a bit drunk with a couple friends.
Not too many people there except the bar/wait staff off work.
Had the chicken fried steak breakfast and it was pretty good.
My friends didn't win any money so they went home early and unhappy.
3rd time came in with a group of 3 other friends, we had some cocktails and some chips/salsa while watching the college hoop games.
TV's are a little weird if you sit at the hightop table.
Our waitress was fantastic, gave us a free beer (mistake) and a free philly cheesesteak sandwich (another mistake).
We all had a good time.
Drink orders were a bit slow to start with, and a glass of water had to come from someone different which is strange.
The place was relatively busy and I didn't notice it being smoky.
I guess the only reason I'm downgrading to 3.5 stars was the slow service on visit 1 and 3, and the chicken not being that great.
I guess I'm used to really good food.
This was typical normal bar food and nothing special.

The gentleman sitting next to me at the bar and I were in agreement; a name like Distill might not appeal to both sexes equally.
The place did appear a little lopsided, with few members of the smarter sex represented in the crowd, but maybe it was just an off night.
You have to be envious of the location (though I cannot for the life of me imagine why the prior establishment closed down, they made the best $5 burritos every Sunday morning in the parking lot), many a west-sider will find themselves in this area when on the hunt for food.
At first I wanted to bemoan the continued downward spiral of the local Las Vegas food scene, specifically the burger I ordered that they affectionately refer to as "The Cure", but then I realized -  YES - I definitely want to bemoan the continued downward spiral of the local Las Vegas food scene.
The Cure was, well, unremarkable in every way, despite a description that promised so much:   "Hand crafted burger: ground beef and pork blend stuffed with fontina cheese topped with soy marinated onions, jalapeño jelly, lettuce, tomato, spicy mayo and fried parsnips on a brioche bun.
"   Doesn't it just sound tasty?
Well it's not.
Unremarkable, is the best way to describe it.
There was one more thing, the second half of my burger was ice cold by the time I finished the first - not that the first half was piping hot or anything, but ice cold?
The bar menu has no section for "distilled spirits", despite the name, another thing the gentleman sitting next to me thought was curious.
They did have a coffee infused whiskey as part of their signature Manhattan, but if you didn't read the description of the drink you would have never known they offer this unusual item.
I asked the bartender about the coffee infused whiskey - and before I could even finish my sentence, he returns with TWO shots of the curious liquid - one for me and one for this gentleman I just met - and then charged BOTH of them to my tab.
Wow, really?
If I were the one opening a restaurant in this enviable western valley location, I personally would have avoided the poker machines.
But then my goal would have been to wow patrons with good food and service, rather than just open another smoky gambling hall.
In all, the food is not great, the service needs a little, well, delicacy and the place sure was overflowing with men - but I thought is was okay.

On a recent trip to Vegas, we found ourselves looking for a local place (Summerlin) to have dinner.
We ended up across from the Red Rock at Distill.
We seated ourselves on the patio to enjoy the sunshine.
We were welcomed quickly by Erin and got our drinks in a flash.
We decided to order appetizers and settled on the mashed potato balls and homemade poppers.
The manager brought them out and introduced himself.
Bar food but really, really good!!!
(try the poppers) We then ordered another round and a six pack of assorted sliders.
They, like the appetizers were served diligently, quality ingredients, and tasted amazing.
A free whiskey shot and full belly later, we  again spoke with Tony the manager and  although we are not "local", were made to feel extremely welcome.
We felt these people really care about the customer.
During our next  trip to the Red Rock, we will visit Distill again.

Was excited for this place to open.
Like the space and thought it would be a great place to watch the games.
I've taken several friends and everyone has said the same thing that they couldn't believe they allow smoking.
Today I overheard another couple say the same thing right as they walked in.
A few people have said they doubt they would ever go back.
It's very disappointing.
I went there for lunch again today.
We had to move two times to get away from the smoke.
This could be a great place.
In a day where smokers have options why does a non smoker have to be exposed and have a miserable experience?
Management should reconsider their policy.
Doubt we will go back unless it becomes smoke free.

Got bourbon?
So out for a bite and a drink one night with a few mates we thought we would try Distill.
With no real expectations we strolled in to a fairly busy bar.
With a brewery style decor that has lounges, table seating, pool tables and a very nice large bar to boot, Distill is great setting for groups or a sit down meal.
Checking in on yelp you'll grab a Distill bar infused Bourbon on the house.
The bartender gave me a pretty sweet Coffee infused bourbon with diet coke.
I'm gonna say this was pretty nice drop and if you like a little sweet I recommend it.
For dinner we ordered some mash potato bites as an app!!!
Order them!
They are amazing.
For dinner we got the six pack sliders!!!
A mix or combo of different sliders.
Ruben, cheeseburger and Philly cheese steak.
All were pretty tasty.
Id like to give this place 5 stars but maybe because it was full and hard to find a seat I didn't get the full experience.
For sure a place to come back to and will be a nice watering hole for a lot of people

Not a fan Very slow service and what little attention we did get from the server was not good.
food was marginal at best, pizza was bland and the crust was doughy.

Really slow service.
Been there when both empty and crowded and both times still slow service.
Waiter staff not very friendly no personality, they barely talk to you.

Stopped in for lunch today food was delicious and service was great!
We will definitely be back

Cool place with reasonably priced drinks.
Nice atmosphere.

As much as I wanted to leave when I first got here and realized everyone at the bar was smoking, I'm glad I gave it a shot.
The bartenders are friendly, and they all walk around checking on patrons.
You don't just get a bartender watching a certain area of the bar and pigeon-holing you into potentially bad service....Our drinks were always full!
I had the seared ahi appetizer and it was really good.
Didn't expect that from a whiskey bar, but I'll definitely get it again....
While I still miss Agave (the original bar in this location), this place is solid and I'll definitely be back.

Amazing bar!
I come down here just for the service and amazing food....my server Marnie gave me the most amazing service and I will be back.
Had the French dip with the most amazing au jus.
Best sandwich I've had in a long time.

Great facility.
Many menu selections.
Service SLOW.
Kitchen very slow.
One great server other two had no clue.
Had to track server down for coffee refill, utensils, order another drink.
Got our own catsup salt pepper Tabasco to add to our cold breakfast once it finally arrived.
Oh and got a steak sandwich not the steak tacos that were ordered by one of us.
Only took another 25 minutes to get the tacos.
Really?
Scrambled eggs and steak tacos not exactly difficult to prepare.
Go, but do not expect attentive and competent service and make sure you have lots of time.

Just dropped in for breakfast after reading the reviews here.
Sat out on the cozy patio as today's weather is ideal.
Was waited on by Brittany who was timely and had a sparkling personality.
She was genuinely interested in us as we had a nice chat.
The breakfast was very good and the price was surprisingly low.
Can't wait to come back for lunch and dinner.
Looking forward to trying some of their yummy looking alcoholic beverages as well.

Stunning dining areas (both inside and outside), as well as a very cool atmosphere.
Our waitress was super friendly and attentive...
Delicious meal and fast, fun service!
Will definitely be back to grab drinks and more delicious grub!

Dan (GM) is the coolest guy...
He keeps all the staff and customers smiling and happy.
He really knows service standards and you can tell he genuinely loves his job.
Everyone here is happy and having a good time and that's what I like about this place!
Good energy!

So disappointing!
First of all having a local bar in summerlin is rare and when I saw that distill was openings up walking distance from my house I was so excited.
So when I show up during the week to have dinner it took 20 minutes to get water another 10 mins to get a server to realize we are even there and then another 15 mins to get drink.
The food is decent and forget asking for refills because that takes another 10 mins.
Plan on going on the weekends?
Well I did and it took just as long to get a drink.
Our waitress forgot about us and when she finally realized we ordered drinks she made another waitress serve us.
So sad that a cool urban bar is just another waste of space

Had a great time!!
Will be back, the cinnamon/ orange infused whiskey is awesome!!
Brian is a great bartender, pores a great drink!!
Not to smokey, really good "bar" food!!
A must check out!!

Crystal is great and so is Deena.
Great venue with with a killer happy hour.
Place is a great before or after for a Red Rock trip or can hold its own as your spot for the night.
Menu is huge,  generous portions and extremely reasonably priced.

I never complain about a place or take the time to give a review.
This place has terrible service!
Was at the place on a Friday with 4 bartenders behind the bar and only got one drink in an hour.
If they were busy is one thing but to watch the four bartenders talk with one another and ignore customers was ridiculous.
Wanted to order food and more drinks but couldn't get service.
Took me 10 minutes just to flag someone down so I could close out.
Never visit again.

First time I came here was at the Yelp event that I purely enjoyed.
Came here last night to see how it's like on a regular night.
The vibe is very relaxed.
The bar seemed pretty packed.
But, You are able to sit yourself in the dining area.
Someone automatically brings you a menu & lets us know our server will be with us.
Erin was our server for the night.
We automatically checked into Yelp & redeemed our free whiskey shots.
We also ordered Mad Mule $10 (which was served at the Yelp event) & a Cinnamon Apple Sour $7.
Apple sour was on the sour side & extremely strong.
The whiskey shots came in coffee & cinnamon flavored.
Yuck!
Those drinks did the job done alright!
For food: Shrimp Spinach Artichoke Dip $9.99 -- it was very very very very bland.
It didn't have enough cheesiness.
The shrimp didn't blend in well with the other ingredients.
A lot of chips, not enough dip.
Street tacos $7.99 -- shredded chicken with usual contents that comes with a taco.
It had a chipotle dressing on top.
These were pretty good.
Still, nothing that made me want to order it again.
New York Steak & Eggs $11.99 -- beau said it was good cooked perfect.
It came with hash browns.
& you can choose between English muffin or toast.
I tasted it, tasted like regular steak ¯\_(ツ)_/¯   French toast $7.99 -- beau also got French Toast (guess he was hungry).
These were excellent.
Probably best thing we ate last night.
It was light and fluffy.
Erin, our server, was very attentive.
She came and checked on us every so often.
She was nice & had lots of personality.
When asked if we can change the channel of the TV next to us she said she would but she never did, but we didn't make a big deal out of it.
Other bummer, she charged us for our free "yelp check in" shots.
Of course I told the beau to look at the itemized billing like I ALWAYS do & of course he said he did but really didn't (men!
) and just signed his life away.
Later I looked at the bill & we were charged for them *insert angry face*

I had high hopes for this to be a great place to go after work.
The food was disappointing to outright bad.
The free coffee infused whiskey shot on Yelp is disgusting, they can keep it.
On the plus side, people there and the bartender were great fun!
Maybe I'll try something else when I eat there.

Here's the reason for my 4 stars: This place is really cool inside.
I remember it when it was the Mexican restaurant.
The atmosphere is really poppin on a Saturday night, but my problem is with the bar.
They had a party at this place the other night and every bar seat was taken (these are bar seats that have gambling).
To bad no one was gambling and half were drinking water.
We asked a bartender to get a seat for us and he basically ignored us for 10 minutes.
We went and asked a manager and finally she went over and had him move someone.
I don't understand why this place has signs at the bar saying "Reserved for Gamblers" but have the entire place not gambling.
We didn't win but we did have fun for sure after we got a seat.
Bartenders were fast with drinks when you were actually able to get a seat.

I really enjoyed my night out here!
I happened to go on the night they had an 80's costume party.
The DJ was amazing and so was the atmosphere.
They only  have those parties once a year.
The drink options were great and the appetizers were  good!
Service is good it was just hard to find seating.
Will visit again soon!

We were excited to try this new place and then were very quickly disappointed.
The appetizer (shrimp & artichoke dip) was so bland and lacked flavor that we traded out the dip for salsa.... No better.
All you taste was pepper and again no other flavors.
I then ordered the street tacos.... Soooo dry had issues actually swallowing the chicken.
My BF got the Distilled chicken sandwich and that's when we found all the salt that was lacking in our other dishes.
And to top it off our waitress had a bit of an angry personality.
Sadly we will not b returning here.
The atmosphere was ok.

Been here for lunch and dinner, really does feel like a local joint as opposed to one of those done-up Vegas bars.
The Cure burger was nice, though the buns were a little large compared to the rest of the burger.
Steak tacos had a nice amount of marinated flank steak, which might owe itself better to a fajita or carne asada platter.

Place smells a bit of smokey.
Our waitress was nice & quick.
Overall,  my first time experience wasn't a Wow factor.
The beers weren't cold.
Enough said!

Fast,  friendly service.
Great local bar but still has more upscale feel.
Not a dive bar.

Went here the other day and I have to say I was NOT impressed.
We walked in and loved the atmosphere right away.
I loved the decor and vibe of the restaurant however our actual dining experience was extremely poor.
We waited a long time for our drinks and had to ask multiple times for waters while we waited which still didn't come until our food arrived.
I didn't receive what I ordered but chose not to say anything and just pick through what I did want.
I suspect the food and service was sub par for some reason but it definitely ruined my first experience and I'm not sure I'm willing to try it again.

Distill is a local bar that has about everything you need for a good time.
Indoors; they have a pool table, large comfy seats, a bar, and plenty of room.
Outdoors; boasts a rustic chic style with even more seating and fire places to create a nice ambiance.
I often find myself looking up and wishing that my backyard could look like this.
The drinks are super affordable.
The staff are around enough to get drinks, but not so much that they intrude on your conversation.
I have never been hungry while here, but a couple of friends have ordered food before.
It is nothing outright amazing, but definitely better than some of the chain bars.
Between the inexpensive cost of drinks and cool atmosphere, this is definitely a place I can see myself relaxing.

Waited twenty minutes for one drink, put a one hundred dollar bill in the machine and never got a drink again an hour later.
Food at least was very good and given for free because of the service.

I'm giving Distill 5 stars because I had a great experience both times I went and plan on going back soon.
My roommate and I wanted to go out and try something new.
We saw the free whiskey shot with check in offer and figured why not?
The first time we came, I ordered the coffee infused whiskey and my roommate got the orange cinnamon infused.
We agreed that the orange cinnamon was more our style so that's what we will be ordering from now on.
Happy hour is definitely a good deal.
$1.99 chips and salsa, $2.99 bruschetta, and $3 well drinks...yum!
The chips and salsa were a great deal for only 2 dollars.
Spicy salsa and a bunch of chips!
As for the bruschetta, the bread was delicious and crispy, good enough to eat alone.
But the tomato/onion topping also goes great with it!
We ordered fries too that aren't considered happy hour.
Just normal cut fries with a hint of salt for about $3.
Both of us love fries so we have to try fries at every place we go, and they were pretty tasty here.
The well drinks were also a good deal!
$3 for a whiskey and ginger ale.
They bring it on the rocks though, so next time I will ask for it chilled.
Sitting outside just makes my ice melt and waters the drink down.
But speaking of the outside..it's wonderful and where we choose to dine every time.
They have nice high top tables, and lower seating with couches lining the patio area.
Cute fire places and lantern hanging lights.
Both times we went was during happy hour but I would come back during regular hours too.
It's open 24/7 so we were thinking about trying it in the early morning sometime.
The staff was excellent both visits too.
Friendly and fast service.
One of the waitresses even remembered us from the first time and came over to say hi.
All in all a great place.
(Both of us are vegetarians/vegans)

If you like noise and smoke and don't care about the service along with a manager who ignores the no smoking laws then this is the place for you.

I'm giving this 3 stars because I really liked the service and the atmosphere and that's it.
The good was not good.
My boyfriend and I ordered a couple different things to try and after a few bites of this and that got the check and left to go eat elsewhere.

Over the last couple of months, my friends and I have became regulars here.
The atmosphere is very enjoyable and usually always fun, depending on what crowd has managed their way in side!
During our first visit here, it was extremely hard to get a bartenders attention, and when we mentioned it to the bar back Rob, not only was he on top of the customer service..he got us our drinks and convinced us to come back.
As we continued to come back the service has definitely changed for the better..
But I must say, there are still  sometimes it's hard to get a drink.
That could easily be fixed with just a little more organization behind the bar.
The food is absolutely delicious!
I'm a pretty picky person for the most part but I'm definitely trying everything on the menu!
Mozzarella sticks, salads, wings, wraps, pretzel bites, sliders...
It's all delicious!
Phil, Dan, Rob and Rick are pretty awesome bartenders!
I enjoy coming in when they're working.
Rob is usually on top of his game and is always checking up on you to make sure you're okay and if you need anything!
There's two of guys that I have not named; that I could careless about due to their attitude.
So I try to stay out of the bar when they are there.
I've had some crappy service at bars before and ended up not even enjoying my drinks.. At least at this place I know I'm going to have a great time!
Anyways great local hangout!
Pretty chill, fun environment.
See you all there!
Rick is by far my favorite bartender here!

Nice to have a cool hip place so close to home.
Great patio seating and food is pretty good as well......
Welcome to the neighborhood!!

Staff rocks, awesome happy hour, games and pool, awesome outside are (when it's not too hot)

1 star because there is no opportunity to give zero.
I called 2 times and both times I was told that I would get a call back shortly.
That did not happen.
I was trying to set up a going away party for my manager but they never responded to accommodate us.
On the first call I was told that I would receive a call back shortly with confirmation,  that was at noon.
4 hours later I had not heard back so I called again.
The hostess insisted that she was not trying to ignore me but that she was waiting for a manager to approve our party.
It is now 11pm, still no call.
I called back for the third time and yet again I am told there is no manager.
The guy on the phone ended the call by saying "either I can take a message or I can't help you".
For a new bar trying to receive the respect of the local community it just lost 30+ potential customers who had no idea it even existed and sadly work across the street.
So much for supporting local.

I called to make a reservation for 30+ and was told there is no manager on duty.
They told me I could leave a message and would be called back, but no call back at all.
When I called back to speak to a manager again, they again said there was no manager on duty and that the day crew are the ones who messed it up.
Completely rude on the phone and didn't care for the business at all.
If their customer service is any kind of preview of how their drinks and food are I would run away, and as fast as I could.
I'm from here and I would NEVER come back here, even if my life depended on  it.
Absolutely horrid customer service.
Both people I spoke to were rude and very defensive and blaming each other.
If you are one company you fix whatever is wrong, not blame the "other shift".
It's unprofessional and deplorable.
I will take my group somewhere else for our celebration.

I love this patio!
I am so happy that it has a bar and restaurant that I want to go to...again and again!
We went for happy hour on Saturday afternoon.
We sat in uber comfy leather chairs to watch the England vs. Italy FIFA match.
We started with the free shot with our Yelp check in.
The orange cinnamon infused whiskey was smooth and delicious!
Our servers were awesome!
I started with the Distiller's Delight..
It was so refreshing.
Danger Will Robinson!
Warning....they go down very easily!
We ordered off the Happy Hour menu.
The yummy fried artichokes were battered served with a mayo based dip.
The bruschettas were toasted and garlicky served with chopped tomato and onion.
The salsa was smokey and delicious.
The chips were heated but a little on the hard side.
I like my chips to be light and flaky, but at 2 bucks, I can't complain!
My server Laney (sp?
) suggested a Jameson and Ginger Beer with 3 lemons.
OMG it was delicious!
We will be back!
Update:  We came back for breakfast and were  lucky to get Laney again.
We both got bacon and eggs and shared a short stack.
The coffee was roasty, delicious and refilled frequently.
My over easy eggs were perfect.
A side of applewood bacon, crispy hash browns and sourdough toast completed this huge breakfast.
We couldn't touch our supersized pancakes.
We probably will be back for dinner!!

I love everything about this place.
The atmosphere, décor, the patio!
In fact, once on the patio I didn't even feel like I was in the middle of busy restaurant parking lot.
My boyfriend and I decided to check this place out on Sunday evening.
It wasn't very crowded at all.
We were greeted and told we could sit wherever we wanted so we chose the patio.
On this visit we didn't really see much of the inside.
Happy Hour is every day from 3-6 but we missed that but checking in on Yelp got me a free drink so can't really beat that.
Off the appetizer menu we ordered the chicken quesadillas and avocado egg rolls.
Basic bar food but no complaints about taste or portion size.
I wish the tables outside were a little bigger.
We felt cramped eating having to use the small round table and a couple chairs to hold the times.
Not sure why the waitress didn't offer to move another small table for us since it was empty on the patio minus one other group of diners.
I know I will find myself back here soon especially during happy hour.
They also have a loyalty program.
I mean if you are going to frequent an establishment you might as well take advantage of the perks that go along with it.

Great patio area and food.
can't wait to go back.
Service takes a pretty long time but its worth it for the chicken nachos.
Nice late night hang  Ok   So Update...    been back a couple of times now...    Man service is SLLOOOOW, but really I wasnt there for fast service, I was there to catch up with friends...    the outside is the place to be, the inside just feels like another bar.
OK    Chicken nachos...   YUM      Sliders (lots to choose from)   YUM    Tacos...    Had better...   not a fan.
Listen the place is open 24 hours and its close to a lot of things on the west side...     after a certain time of night...   your options are limited...      Im just glad to have a place like this to go to any time of day or night...      the good FAR out ways the bad with this place.
You can check in on yelp and grab a free inused whiskey...
I'm a whiskey fan, but I wasnt a fan of it...    but I do  appreciate it.

If you go here I would suggest trying a table and not the bar.
I sat there gambling a good 1/2 hour before one of the 3 bartender even knowledged me.
The sad thing is this is all we have in this area with any sort of atmosphere.

Do i like this place?
Sure... love it?
Not quite.
Ive been here several times mainly for sporting events and the seating they have in front of the tv's as if your watching comfortably at home, but with waitresses bringing you food you dont have to clean up the kitchen after!
The outdoor patio is nice on clear not so hot nights to enjoy the fireplaces and a good dessert and a drink.
The interior is not bad either and the servers have always been super helpful and friendly.
BUT my main gripe is the food, as its lacking in my opinion.
Had Fish tacos - Flavorless, even with a weird sauce they laid over them.
Sliders - Dried out meat, and just not dressed with anything special.
Breakfast burrito w/sausage - The best thing i had which was just okay but nothing to write home about as how can you mess up eggs, and meat in a tortilla.
Bread Pudding - YES!
Do have especially if you dont like raisins like me.
All in all this place is an okay go to spot in Summerlin for the sporting events, and a bite but i wouldnt come too often as the menu is just kind of bland for me.
Points are mainly for the service and outdoor patio area.

Another visit another great night.
Food is delicious and so reasonably priced.
This place should be tried if you haven't been here before.
A real gem.
Come try it!

Great location, awesome food, great atmosphere and AMAZING staff!!
New favorite place to go.
Has a great outdoor seating area with misters in the summer and heaters/fire places in the winter.

I like the ham and cheese omelet and the Philly cheese steak sandwich.
The steak and eggs is okay (you get the steak you pay for.
)  Decent enough food for the price; I like watching the World Cup at lunch here.

I had just moved back to the city a month prior, and a friend of mine suggested we meet here for a drink to catch up.
When I was in high school this place was Agave (a Mexican restaurant), and now it's completely revamped into a great local spot!
The outdoor patio is super cute with string lights and comfy seating areas, and the inside is decorated very nicely as well.
The restrooms even say "For those who sit" and "For those who stand," haha.
Especially compared to the other 24 hour local bars around the city, I would have to say this is my favorite.
The only reason I took off a star is because I ordered the sweet potato french fries (which were INCREDIBLE - they even came with their own maple/brown sugar dipping sauce) and I guess there was a miscommunication between the bartender and the kitchen, because I had to ask about 20 minutes later where my fries were.
My friend said she's never had that happen to her before, so I assume it must've been a fluke.
The bartender was very apologetic and immediately went to the kitchen to see what had happened.
Other than that, this place was great!
I'll absolutely be returning.

Staff is attentive and very friendly   Jalapeño poppers- pass   House salad with blue cheese dressing- so good!
I could eat a bowl of that dressing!
Broccoli cheddar soup- home made and really really delicious  Gyro- I give it a 9.5, really fresh and soft pita, tasty meat and sauce   Black n blue burger- hubby gave it a 8.5, needed more horseradish   Can't wait to eat on the patio at night when the weather is a lil nicer....oh, and the bathrooms are soooo nice!
My husband and I are both chefs and work late, so we will definitely be back in the wee hours to get a good quality meal with great atmosphere

I like this place a lot.
The food is solid, the drinks are good, and the staff is excellent.
Summerlin has been lacking a solid bar that isn't over the top and doesn't feel like a den full of local drunks... this place is the sweet spot.
The inside of the bar is comfortable and inviting.
There is a separate dining area for those that don't want to hang around the bar.
The patio has a variety of seating options and a mister system which makes sitting outdoors relatively nice in the evenings.
The wait staff, bartenders, and the manager Dan make this place a standout.
The bar is staffed with good people and it shows.
Overall vibe of this place is excellent.
I've noticed that the crowd that comes here is mixed with both older and younger people.
A lot of casino industry people come here and love it.
Everyone gets along and great conversations are the norm.
This is now my "go to" bar.
I will continue to go to Distill with my wife, family, and friends.

Great place to hang after work in Summelin.
The drinks are strong and they have some great arcade games and pool

The food here was pretty good.
It's in line with average bar food.
I got the French dip, it was average (nothing special about it) but it was good.
The service was very good, the waitress was very attentive.
The best part of this place is the cool outdoor patio with misters.

I've heard good things so we decided to do dinner here with a friend.
I dig the laidback vibe and decor, I love the quirky patio space!
It was a bit hot this day so we stayed indoors.
Just note this is a bar and is a smoking establishment but it was not smoky when we went.
I will probably try to smoke a cigar on the patio one of these days.
Make sure to check in, there's a offer for a infused whiskey I didn't see until after we were finished and paid.
D'oh!
We shared the shrimp artichoke spinach dip.
The dip was really creamy and nicely seasoned.
It only had a few shrimp on top and it really didn't need it.
My philosophy is don't be skimpy as it gives a lesser impression than if it wasn't there at all.
Just don't put it at all and offer more quantity of the dip as that was good and we had plenty of unused chips as we polished off the small dip quite fast.
I decided to get a black and bleu burger.
This was a pretty good burger, not skimpy of the stinky cheese and I like the horseradish sauce though wish it had more kick vs just the flavor.
Comes with a side of choice and I picked fries which was standard, but good.
Our friend got the Cure burger and between the two, that was the definite winner.
That was uber yummy so I took two bites instead of taking a small taste.
The fiance get fish and chips.
This unfortunately was a bit of a miss.
The batter had decent flavor and fish was good but it wasn't very crispy at all and should have been fried up longer.
Whoever plated it, should have caught it and let it have a few more minutes.
Slaw didn't have much flavor as it barely had any dressing on it.
The fries were good.
The fish and chips was in the entree section of the menu which comes with a soup or salad.
He chose a caesar salad which was actually pretty good caesar and was rather sizeable for a "side salad".
Our server was pretty friendly, and was reasonable with checking in on us and refilling.
While one entree was a miss, I think we will be back soon as we can see the potential.
There is a industry half off happy hour on Weds.
starting at 10pm so we will probably come back soon for that and I am definitely in for The Cure!

