This place just opened right next to my house so I thought I'd give it a try.
At first we weren't sure if they were even open yet but they definitely are!
The place looks like its still finishing the final touches on decor but the food is definitely good!
Went there for lunch and had their lunch special Pad Thai and Panang curry.
Both delicious.
Generous portions, very good price, definitely recommended.

So far so good!
I really liked their Yellow Curry with tofu I had for lunch here.
It's now Thai cuisine.
Gata Thai is the new place and with new owners.
They just opened a few days ago here in the Champion Village strip center where Bistro Pizza is.
You can dine in or take your order to go.
There's only one person working in front that's multitasking so if dining in just ask to be seated.
Its  dining area is modest deco,  pretty casual, and clean.
For lunch hours 11-3 they offer a $6.95 deal where you get choices of entree that includes Currys, Pad Thai, spicy eggplant, and even Orange Chicken.
I really like their yellow curry.
Penn's is still my favorite but this is a close second.
I'm not much into spicy foods though and the spice level here was just a tad spicy for me.
.even though I got the mildest level.
So you like spicy food you'll probably appreciate this place more .
A big plus..love the egg rolls here!
I would more than likely swing by and get a order of those to go!
So four stars for now because they met my criteria for a lunch spot that offers tasty dishes and great value for the lunch portions they serve.
Everything was fresh and made to order.
The other items offered sound good too and most prices are in line with the other Thai places in the area.
but not too sure if it's worth paying more than $15 for some items like their Crispy Duck.
For lunch though, good enough for me!

Stopped in for a quick lunch and ordered the pad Thai lunch special.
They have lunch specials from 11:00am-3:00pm (all week)  for 6.95/8.95 if you add shrimp.
It includes soup, salad, egg roll, and an entree.
Good deal!
Will definitely come back to try more things on the menu.
Friendly staff :).

This place is insanely good!
We have been looking for a good Thai place close to home and this place is it.
WOW!
My hubby had the Spicy Basil with chicken and I had the Green Curry with tofu.
Both were cooked perfectly.
The flavor was intense and full bodied, perfectly spicy too.
This restaurant occupies the space of a Chinese place we used to love, and I couldn't be happier that something just add good took its place.
We can't wait to eat here again.
Also we ordered our food to go and we were in and out in less than 10 minutes.

Great place - food is very good and authentic, Shanghai noodles excellent - pad Thai very good, wanton soup very good .
Great service-  and they speak Thai in the back room...   Definitely recommend.

Great Thai food and the staff are so friendly.
Our family has multiple food allergies and they were so accommodating.
We needed gluten free, sulfite free and no msg and they made it happen with a smile.
No negative allergic reactions to the food so we'll definitely be back!!
Great to find a place where we can trust the kitchen staff to follow through on what the hostess and wait staff says that they will do!
Plus...
It's yummy!

So happy this place opened up so close to home.
Yummy yellow curry, and they offer the spice level from 1-10.
Garlic chicken delicious with crunchy garlic sprinkled on top.
We do wish they had some outside seating, though.
We will definitely be back!

You get what you pay for.
I had a pleasant experience.
I give it a 5 because they jam pack your entrees with whatever meat selection you choice, and they use real Chinese broccoli!
Not the best thai food I've have, but worth it considering the distance from my house.
I cannot promise you though if they are msg free.
But they give you free thai tea refills.
That alone is worth a 5 in my book.

Their Thai iced tea went up from $1.50 to $3 in less than 5 days.
We got it to go on last week Thursday and got a decent size for $1.50.
We came back today (Tuesday) and the lady wanted to charge us $3 for the same size!
She said they changed the cup size, but if you compared the sizes it's only a few ounces more for double the price.
Such a ripoff!
Then on top of that, the woman had the nerve to roll her eyes just as she was turning around.
Very bad customer service.

I live right across!
And me and my boyfriend just discovered this place!
Im a huge chow main and noodle judge and this is by far one of the best!
I know this is the beginning to something for me and my bf!
We love this place definitely coming back!

The food was authentic and the pad thai had great flavor!
HOWEVER, be careful when ordering the lunch special noodle dishes like pad thai because we got a side of rice in it when noodles don't come to rice.
We ended up only getting half the amount of pad thai.
Everything else was great though, just double check before ordering with them!
Went back again today 05/01/14 and ordered pad Thai and red curry with beef.
Double checked to make sure the noodle didn't come with rice again.
However, the curry turned out to be YELLOW curry with CHICKEN.
What's the point of ordering if you can't get it right?
Not coming back again.

This is the first time I've eaten here.
Before this was called wok in.
Great food and owner was amazing.
This here is a complete and utter dissapointment.
The food lacks everything decent.
Orange chicken well over cooked.
The pad Thai flavorless.
The Singapore noodle flavorless and lacking most if the ingredients that you expect to find in this dish.
2 stars is being nice and giving this establishment a chance..
But or now, I'll stick with the place that sells dumplings that are little off of Stephanie and horizon.

I love papaya salad.
I could eat it every day.
That being said, I decided to try it at Gata because it conveniently just opened up by my house.
The presentation of it was perfect, it tasted great and I was satisfied.
There are only two things I would ask for next time.
It seemed a tad spicy for a 2.
Next time I'll try a 0 or 1.
The dressing was good but I usually ask for more fish sauce so it's saltier...
The Thai tea was excellent and totally a great value at 3 bucks.
Anyone who expects anything cheaper is not being realistic.
You cannot compare this to the restaurant that was there before as it was a different type of restaurant.
They have all my Thai comfort faves on the menu .I will definitely be going there often as it is close, priced accordingly, and in my opinion good Thai food generally speaking.

Second time here and just as good as the first- everyone should check this place out!

This place just opened up a few weeks ago and is right in a part of town that I frequent.
Right at 215 and Gibson in the Speedee Mart shopping center with Jack in the Box, Bistro Pizza etc, to name a few.
The menu offered a lot of great options and everything looked so good!
The lunch special for $6.95 included soup, entree, (and rice, unless u order a noodle entree like I did.
), a small salad and egg roll.
I got the Pad Thai...
It was super tasty and hit the spot!
Think about it, most of us pay $7 or more for over-processed fast food burgers and stuff... Why not grab some delish, made to order Thai food instead?!!!?!
;)  The staff was so nice and inviting and the casual atmosphere made me feel comfy.
I will be returning very soon!
Oh and btw, the egg rolls, I agree with the other reviewer, they are so good-I'd also stop in just to grab a to-go order of those!

Food was great !
I especially enjoyed  the laos style papaya salad it had great flavor and crunch!
The eggs rolls were good as well fresh and flavorful .

We have been here twice for take out.
And each time the food has been great !!
Also fresh and hot.
Can't wait to go back !

I was pretty wary about trying the new restaurant in the gas station parking lot (especially any place that bills itself as more than one country's cuisine without specifically being fusion - "Thai" and "Chinese"), but seeing all the rave reviews gave me hope.
We ordered takeout - the lady who took my order was very friendly, and the food was ready within the estimated time frame she gave me.
If you pay cash, you get a 10% discount.
Drawback 1: when I walked in, I noticed the smell.
Not an Asian-food smell, but more of a wet-mop kind of smell.
Drawback 2: The fried wontons are practically empty!
I think I had one that literally WAS empty.
They are pretty much wonton chips with the smallest smear of "meat" that I have ever seen.
Note: They take their spice seriously, so in the future I will have to notch it down a little bit.
The pad thai was fine, but definitely not as flavorful as it could have been.
When you open the box, the aroma doesn't waft out - even when you stick your face in to get a whiff, it doesn't have that delicious smell.
The pad-see-ew and crab rangoons were also just "fine.
" I have never seen such homogenous / sticky sweet & sour sauce in my life - looks like it came from a pump.
It was deep (artifically so) red, like the color of the 5-star reviews.
I will attempt to post pictures of the very sad wontons after I write this...
I don't think I will be coming back here unless Naga Thai is closed and I'm really desperate

Great food!!!!!
Tried their pad Thai and it was delicious and affordable.
Brought a friend and they enjoyed it too!!!

Real Thai food.
Hard to find in this town.
Lunch Specials are great and when you oreer a ten its got some good heat to it.

*Free Thai Iced Tea refills!
*  In a galaxy far, far away is Gata Thai Cuisine.
I made it out there for work, so took the opportunity to give this one a try!
I was pleasantly surprised.
When they brought me a small cup of Tom Kha for the lunch special, I knew this was going to be an enjoyable experience!
The Tom Kha, although not heavily spiced, had a very nice balance between sweet, sour, and savory.
I ordered the Crab Fried Rice and the Green Curry lunch special with beef.
The Crab Fried Rice was prepared in the traditional way with shreds of crab cooked into the rice.
It was light and fluffy, no extra grease at all!
I enjoyed it quite a bit.
My only complaint was the lack of Prik Nam Pla (fish sauce with chilies).
Regular fish sauce had to do.
Regardless, this place does an excellent fried rice!
My green curry was pretty good.
It was a lot thicker than I am used to, probably thickened up to appeal to white guys like me.
I ordered it a 7/10 spice level, and it had a decent kick to it.
Without that heat though, this curry would probably be a little bland.
It came accompanied with usual green/red bell peppers and bamboo, along with small chunks of nicely tender beef.
Solid green curry, but get it spicy.
The lunch special Green Curry came with a noteworthy veggie egg roll.
Meager, but delicious it was lightly glazed with the perfect amount of sweet and sour sauce.
For such a small item, care was taken to achieve a great balanced flavor!
The service was extra nice, although English wasn't a primary language in this place.
A friendly Thai customer helped me ask for my fish sauce.
Fairly authentic, and extra care taken with the food preparation, this is a Thai restaurant I would go back to if I lived in the area.
Give them a try!

My wife and I ordered pick up and were happily surprised.
We both ordered seperrated curries (my wife got massaman, I got yellow) and they lasted us for 4 sepetate meals!
It's a lot of curry.
It was a little pricey but for lasting us for so long it was worth the price.
We also got coconut ice cream with chunks of pineapple.
It's not on the menu but you can request it.
They have other flavored but I've forgotten then.

This is a little local spot that whips up some great Thai food.
I tried the beef nam tok cause the picture looked amazing.
I chose a spice level of 4 out of 10 and that definitely had a kick.
I also tried the beef pad see ewe (spelling?
) and that was also delicious.
A few weeks later I picked up chicken pad Thai, spicy beef basil,  pork larb and Thai ice tea.
My family loved the food.
Spice was just enough for us to enjoy.
Not salty or greasy at all.
The Thai teas were perfect.
Not super dark so it wasn't sweet.
This place also provides a discount if you pay cash.

I've only been here just 2 visits, once for several lunch specials for my family and again tonight for a few entrees to take home.
The location has a very dubious history, there was a time when some very good authentic Asian cooking was going on, nearly high end upper class Chinese food and at it's worst was some of the most disgusting excuse for Chinese food that made Panda Express seem like it was prepared for the royalty of the emperor of China himself.
I've lived in this area for many years and the owners probably changed hands at least a dozen times, when they were good the place was spot on, when they were bad they were extra bad.
The previous owners before Gata were the worst, I mean a free meal was not a bargain here so bad memories kept me away for a long time and even when I saw the new Gata sign, I still kept it crossed off my list.
The reviews here peaked my interest so I gave it a try since I needed to feed 4 hungry people for lunch.
4 lunch specials and a special side order of Thai fried rice turned me into a fan again.
Lunch special #1 Pad Thai was really good, the orange chicken was perfect (although the portion was a bit on the stingy side), wife's yellow curry prepared at heat level 5 was more than what we are used to, but still very good.
The Thai Shrimp fried rice is excellent and full of nice fresh shrimp.
The dish was not greasy like many places and the shrimps were plentiful, big and juicy.
I can't really rate the numerous other choice on the menu since I don't like to eat above and beyond my knowledge of Thai cuisine, but for what I consider my "comfort zone" the place is close to perfection in my book.
$6.95 lunch specials daily with many different items to choose from should keep most very satisfied for lunch.
Tonight I had a dinner size entrees of Shrimp fried rice and Orange chicken and had plenty left over for later.
Good luck Gata Thai Cuisine, you've got my vote, keep it up!

