Estamos esperando el gran opening, será el 3/15/14 Te esperamos.
Pon la fecha en tu agenda

Never ate Dominican food before but this was very good!
Cooked perfectly.
Had pepper beef and rice and a bowl of beans.
I also got a complimentary simple fresh salad and free glass of the best pink lemonade I ever drank.
I will be back!

Food is incredible!!
Pollo guisao moro & plantanos is a must have!!
Will definitely be coming back.

WOW, this is the best Caribbean/Latin restaurant of any kind I have experienced in AZ.
Honestly Its better than the Dominican spots in NYC.
I had the Pollo Guisado.
Chicken was cooked and seasoned perfectly, and the sauce added great flavor to the rice that was already perfect on its own.
The platanos maduros were some of the best I have ever had.
The food here is made with pride and attention to detail, everything I tasted was AUTHENTIC.
Don't forget to try the Morir soñando, a delicious milky citrusy drink that by itself is enough reason to return to Sazon Bachata.

Food may be good.
But you have to pay attention to service.
If you have a teenager taking orders that has her headphones on at the same time she is taking orders she is bound to make a mistake.
Service is as important as the food.
Hire some one that is there to pay attention.
Will never come back again.
Print a menu so the customer doesn't have to wait 30 minutes for you to write it on the blackboard.
Don't open your doors until you are ready.

I really wanted to like this restaurant, but I didn't.
No Customer service skills, very small place, Food was Overpriced,the taste of the food was average.
If they don't change their skills or prices they won't last very long.
They thing the restaurant is located in Scottsdale with their prices.
Sorry but we won't be back

Closed on Monday

This Is Authentic dominican food what a good experience we had coming here , family owned and very delicious food.Every time I eat there my tummy is satisfied and I feel great.you can tell they use quality ingredient.5/5 Love this plate!!

Wow.
Go now.
For their food, not the luxurious surroundings.
Dominican food that is, simply, delicious.
Went there for lunch today - shrimp in garlic sauce.
Perfection.
Sat next to a Dominican from New York who, having found out yesterday that today's special would be mashed plantains fasted until lunch so he could eat them with the necessary gusto.
So will I the next time it's on special.
How many restaurants in your life have such a dish?
Add this one to it.

I love all types of food from all over the world!
I moved to Arizona in 2009, I've traveled all over the world & I am very opened minded to different cultures.
Caribbean food is my absolute favorite, I love Cuban, Dominican, Puerto Rican, & Jamaican food.
They all have there own unique "SAZON" meaning Seasoning!
Which they all take a very special pride in, in other words grandmas secret recipe!
The moment I stepped into SAZON BACHATA I knew I was in for a treat, I could smell the well seasoned food immediately, the atmosphere is not the richest but it sure felt like I was in my moms kitchen & who cooks better than mom?
NOBODY LOL  I HAD THE POLLO GUISAO with ARROZ BLANCO/Chicken stew over white rice...AMAZING IF I MAY ADD, my sides included fresh Avocado slices!
Platano Maduros that complimented the meal very nicely.
2 drink, I had the morir soñando which was very refreshing in this Arizona Heat!
Try it...you will not be disappointed.
For the earlier reviewers I enjoyed the 16 year  old young server who helped my party, Just like most Latino family's showing there young daughter what hard work is all about!
It's small...it's perfect, I guess it's a family thing ;)

Authentic, friendly, clean and most importantly excellent food.. Folks who go to Bachata must appreciate the environment is driven with a sense of warmth and familial appreciation.. Don't expect a "Chain food" environment.. You can expect quality food and genuine friendly down to earth service.
My family and I will continue to eat their..   By the way,  YOU HAVE TO TRY their Sancocho and Carne Guizada..
Awesome place..

no very imprese

