Las Vegas, NV (KTNV) -- Dirty Dining is back in Chinatown once again.
This time at a restaurant just one demerit shy of shutdown.
It's only been open three months and was almost forced to close its doors.
The name sounds like a massage parlor, but it's actually a restaurant.
Hot Feel on Spring Mountain welcomes customers with the wiggly legs of a giant craw fish, and a 40-demerit "C" grade, which worries the owner.
"Yup, your reputation is definitely at stake if you have a C grade posted," Darcy Spears said, talking on the phone to the owner, who had a unique reason for not appearing on camera.
"Your lips are swollen like a sausage?
Why?
Stress?
" asked Darcy.
"Your lips are swollen like sausages because of stress from the health inspection.
"  During that health inspection, an employee handled dirty dishes then prepared food and drinks with no hand washing.
Food was being stored in a freezer that was unplugged.
Prepared food on skewers was sitting directly on top of a cardboard box.
They had raw chicken and raw beef thawing together in standing water.
The owner said his employees weren't up to speed on health district regulations and the inspection was a wake-up call.
Inspectors found frozen crab legs thawing at room temperature, uncovered food, a dirty ice machine and Diet Coke syrup that had expired back in April.
Hand sinks were blocked and being used for storage.
Dirty, greasy water was being used to wash dishes.
There were children and other unauthorized people in the kitchen.
Employee drinks and a baby bottle were on prep surfaces next to food.
Hood filters were excessively dirty and greasy and so was the floor behind appliances.
As for their "C" grade, someone had covered it up behind things on the bar.
The owner said all will be well by the time they're re-inspected and he has this message: Customers' health is the most important thing and he'll make sure that stays safe.
We have one imminent health hazard closure to talk about.
The Smith's supermarket bakery on Rampart and Lake Mead was ordered to shut down because its only hand sink wasn't working.
Another one nearby wasn't draining and was filled with murky, dirty water.
The owner of Hot Feel said he's scheduled their re-inspection for Friday, June 20.

So far so good (and spicy) so I'll definitely be back.
It's a spacious restaurant.
Staff is uber friendly.
I didn't catch his name but he was a pretty cool server.
First off, we got the hotpot combo.
You get 4 items at 5 pieces each and it soaks in the hotpot broth.
There's no mild for this so we got the second option in terms of spice levels (3 total).
He says it doesn't soak up the spice much in a short time span, but the tofu SOAKS it up well.
So, beware, if you can't take much spice like me.
Aside from that we only got the lamb skewers.
I'll be back for other stuff.
Now, for the lamb skewers, we got mild, because frankly, I don't want to die burning.
So, guess what?
I died burning.
It was soooooooooooooooo spicy!!!!!!!
WHY?!
Because they were trying a new spice or new manufacturer (or something of the like) and it was WAY too spicy.
It wasn't just us.
I believe the staff tried it as well as the table next to us.
Yeah, it was death by the burning of my tongue and I was wishing for milk (of course, they didn't have it).
BURN BURN BURN.
Anyway, they gave us a new stock of lamb skewers.
No spice ;).
Owner came over and apologized and explained the situation.
No biggie.
He's a pretty nice guy.
Explained their VIP cards, too.
Right now it's $20 until the end of April.
So, if you think you'll be coming often, grab one before the prices go up.
It's pretty much where they offer different deals per day and each day offers a different item.
For example, you could get a BOGO (for example, BOGO crab) one day.
You could get 10% off the whole bill.
And so forth.
I don't remember every one that he listed but feel free to ask any of the servers.
:)  While the experience wasn't excellent for my first time, it was handled well.
And I will definitely be back.
^^V

It's very different I would say, but definitely worth to try!
It's unique, designed like a lounge and the food is not bad, but just wish they used more live seafood!
The service was outstanding, all servers were very nice, especially Sarah!!

I really enjoy the customer service and the decor of this place, it's different.
This place is worth a try at least once, I got shrimp with garlic sauce and it tasted so amazing, sadly I enjoyed the sauce more than I enjoyed the shrimp.
Price is a little pricier than other crawl fish places but I guess it's worth it since they give it to you in this clay pot thing.

Came here for the first time for "dinner" (finally...) Been wanting to try it since i first heard about it.
SUPER easy to spot at night.
If you are coming in from Spring Mountain, its the huge brightly lit Shrimp at the end of the plaza.
XD   Decor - very interesting, unique design.
they have particular tastes, that may be quite different from others XD   After hearing about their hot pot combo AND their skewers... THATS GOTTA BE what we will try !
Lamb Sticks - $5.95 for 8 skewers - We tried the spicy and the medium.
Spicy was first.
Meat was kind of small.
Flavor wise, DELICIOUS !
Spicy and flavorful.
Cumin, pepper, and i believe lemon grass as well?
Yummy !
Priced good too !
Medium level was actually a bit disappointing.
It was quite the huge gap in spice level between medium and spicy.
You can call the spicy, on a scale of 1-10, maybe an 8.
Medium, 3-4.
It wasn't spicy.
It was actually sweet to me.
Doriee had called it teriyaki lamb.
XD   Beef Sticks - $4.95 for 8 skewers - Spicy level as well.
Same seasoning as the lamb skewers.
Was a little awkward because usually the cumin spice is used for lamb.
Was still good.
Spicy like the spicy lamb too.
Meat amount was more than then lamb.
Hot Pot Combo - $11.95 for 20 sticks with up to 4 different items - We had ordered shrimp, fried tofu, king oyster mushroom, and beef tendon balls.
Shrimp - Cooked perfectly.
Kind of flavorless.
Some people had called this place the sichuan hot n juicy.
No where near it.
None of the sauce stuck.
Even peeling the shell and dipping back into sauce didnt help.
The Hot Pot "soup" is too thin for that application.
King Oyster Mushroom - Good texture as this mushroom known to be.
Slides OFF the skewer very easily... so you'll have to go caveman spear pokin for it later or just use two skewers and go chopsticks style.
Beef Tendon Balls - Cut into maybe 1/8 slivers ?
Holds the soup flavor pretty well.
Seemed to have nicely absorbed into the slivers.
Fried Tofu - Lol.
I had called this "the item to screw thy self with"... Fried tofu tends to be VERY porous and is KNOWN to soak up ANYTHING you put it in thats liquid.
Spicy hot pot soup and a sponge of a tofu?
Yep... XD Holds a LOT of soup in each piece.
Tends to dribble down your chin too so be CAREFUL to not get it on yourself and be VERY careful cuz it will "explode" when you bite into it :P   Overall, the lamb skewers were delicious.
Beef was ok.
Hot pot combo, im pretty sure the soup base is the same one i use for hot pot at home ... Lol flavor was VERY VERY similar... XD Not bad overall.
would come back for the lamb skewers alone.

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(70/365) "Sounds Like a Massage Parlor"  There's always something new popping up in Chinatown, and Hot Feel is part of the newest crop, located in the same strip mall as Kinh Do, waaaay in the back, surrounded by foot spas and massage parlors.
Similar to Hot & Juicy/Boiling Crab format, they offer assorted seafood by the piece or pound, with sauces of different heat levels according to the amount of heat you can handle served in heavy duty pots instead of plastic bags as well as various appetizers, fried items, skewers, and hot pots.
Prior to demolition time, you are given two pieces of paper as your placemats with a pair of annoying gloves that don't even "fit like a glove" and be sure to ask for wet naps which are up at the register(found that out after our meal) cause its gonna get messy.
Our party of four decided to share the Lamb Skewers, Shrimp Skewers, Chicken Wings, Rock Crab, and Garlic Shrimp.
The Rock Crab was sweet with a nice lemony accent, the Shrimp Skewers(head on, shell on) were okay, and while the wings were  hot, crisp, and juicy, I would've liked to see a Hot Feel twist to it, rather than just a cup of ranch, especially in an Asian restaurant.
The standouts were the Garlic Shrimp(head on, shell on) which was packed with tons of flavor with the right amount of heat(we asked for mild).
The Lamb Skewers were also soft and flavorful.
If you come here, this is one of the items to try.
Right now, they are running a VIP Card special for $20(no expiration date) which allows you 10% off your dining bill with future visits, and BOGO specials(This night, it was BOGO Crab, and if you post any food pic on Facebook(NOT Yelp or Instagram) you can win a drawing for jewelry up front as well as gift certificates towards future visits.
Come in for a taste and see how it stacks up to the other favorites in town.
ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/ \uuu/  \uu  3.5  *Although the VIP card sound tempting, get a taste of their selections first to see if you see yourself becoming a repeat customer...

I've been dying to try this place and one night, I finally got to try it!
Andrew C, my boyfriend, and I decided to come here for dinner.
And let me tell you, this place is confusing.
Finding it wasn't so hard cause there was a giant shrimp on the building but once I walked in, I was wondering if this is supposed to be American/Creole or Asian.
The establishment was very spacious and the decorations are VERY modern.
You know that feeling when you walk into a restaurant that's supposed to be Asian but doesn't look Asian, you get a little skeptical ....
But what the heck, they had lamb skewers, or "lamb sticks" as they called it.
I've been trying to find a good place that had lamb skewers for ages!
So, as a group, we ordered the hot pot stick in spicy, lamb skewers in med and spicy, and beef skewers in spicy.
For the hot pot sticks, it came in a pitcher of hot pot soup with skewers.
You got to choose 4 from the menu and we chose shrimp, beef tendon balls, fried tofu, and king oyster mushroom.
The hot pot soup base was pretty much mala broth.
It wasn't spicy, per say, it was just hot ... as in temperature hot.
In the end, this dish was average.
It wasn't anything special.
Can I just order the king oyster mushrooms on its own?!
The lamb skewers were very good but the flavor difference between medium spicy and spicy is huge.
The medium spicy lamb skewers tasted sweet while the spicy ones were spicy.
The medium spicy ones are a no go.
I LOVED the spicy ones.
They were DELICIOUS.
They were exactly the type of lamb skewers I look for.
Wonderfully seasoned with cumin and spicy flavor.
The only thing was ... the pieces of meat were quite small.
It would probably be better if the pieces were bigger and less well done.
Oh and eat them while they're still hot because once it gets cold, it doesn't taste as good anymore.
The beef skewers on the other hand are a no go.
I don't think beef and cumin are a good combination.
Then again, maybe I'm just biased?
I just like lamb better than beef when it comes to cumin and spicy seasoning.
Overall.
Lamb skewers are a go go go go.
I will definitely come back for them and maybe try some of their seafood :)

Nice new concept dining room.
Boths all around yet you can still see everything.
Great friendly service.
Will be back!
The skewers were AMAZING!
Just stopped in for a bite while on the run, can't wait to spend more time!

Somewhere nomenclaturely tucked in-between the Killers' album (Hot Fuss) and MGMT's single (Electric Feel) is this new spot, Hot Feel.
Frankly, there was 25+ minute wait at the Boiling Crab, so we hit the Yelp app, saw some decent reviews on this place, and went to try it for ourselves.
Started with the lamb and chicken skewers.
A few of the lamb skewers were served medium-rare, just in case you care about meat temps.
Chicken was white meat, good quality and perfectly grilled.
But, both the lamb and chicken were over-sprinkled with their signature orange seasoning salt.
My first impression was, "Salty!
" Got the grilled corn-on-the-cob and it also had the exact same seasoning salt on it, and too much of it for my taste.
If I could order these things again, I would order them with 'less salt' as they really were doused with the stuff.
For $5, you do get a generous number of skewers (8 per order I believe) so that is kind of cool.
Got the pot of cajun-inspired peel-n-eat, head-on shrimp.
Garlic style, extra spicy.
The 'extra spicy' spice level was a solid *hot*.
But, the chili pepper flakes were the crushed, and not ground variety, which made the texture of the pot sauce not very fun to eat.
Strangely gritty, actually.
Like chewing on small, tough bits of bay leaves.
This affected the in-pot corn cobs as well.
I did love the chopped bits of garlic in the sauce, and I wish there were even more garlic in it as I ran out of garlic bits by the 10th or 11th shrimp.
The head-on shrimps themselves were large, and the *exact* shrimp count was 16 in my one pound order.
Pretty standard.
(Boiling Crab sometimes gives you 17 or 18 by accident; Hot & Juicy 16-17 but 5 of them are usually headless or total runts; District One only gives you 14.
) Four of the Hot Feel shrimp were on the borderline mushy side - a pet peeve of mine when it comes to this dish.
Hot & Juicy is the worst when it comes to this.
I always end up enacting the cajun shrimp exchange program at Hot & Juicy when I show them the mushy ones.
Anyways - I did have a very slight allergic reaction to the Hot Feel shrimp about 30 minutes after dinner.
Not a biggie, but worth noting.
That does not happen when I eat the shrimp from the aforementioned competitors (even the sketchy Hot & Juicy).
Super nice staff, and pleasant environment.
They've got TVs with 4 different sports channels which is cool.
Potential - yes.
Would I go back?
Maybe.
A *huge* difference between this place and say, Boiling Crab, is the good variety of things to eat aside from the pot-o-cajun seafood.
Hot Feel and District One have this in common.

I love it.
Service was great and price was so reasonable.
Me and my husband ordered a bunch of food and spent 20 bucks for a VIP card, when we got the check it's was only 30 dollars.
God complimentary onion rings and discounted crab as well.
Very tasty and unique flavor.
I'll for sure come back more often

I really enjoyed this place.
I'd give the decor 4.5 stars and the service and food 5 stars.
Our waiter was super nice and he seemed to really love his job.
My family got 1 lb of shrimp "hot feel" and mild.
The sauce is good!
The shrimp are big too.
We also got 2 free pounds of combination seafood because of a newspaper special they have.
The lamb skewers were bombbb!
The location is kind of tucked into the plaza across Tea Station.

Really unique dinning.
Everything is spicy but really good.
Most items comes on skewer and gloves are available too.
Interior design is unlike any other restaurant a must see for design students.

OK so I love spicy food and if you want to test your limits you can here.
The food was great!
My first time I tried mild and was a nice subtle spicy with an amazing flavor!
From the lamb skewers to the hot pot combo I thought every bite was better than the last.
Then I got hooked and wanted to come back for more.
The Shrimp was great, the king crab is one I highly recommend and if you become a VIP member like I did you can get your top seafood dishes at an amazing price.
I saved almost 50% on my king crab and anything else that was listed in the VIP special dishes.
My favorite sauce was the king crab sauce.
Lots of garlic, flavor and spices.
The prices here are very reasonable, the interior and atmosphere was great, the staff was friendly and the owners very engaging and introduced themselves to everyone in my group.
I will continue to go back and bring some friends.

I love all the flavors and the wide variety of different options.
If you're craving seafood, or bbq skewers, or something different like the hot pot sticks this place always hits the spot when I have a craving.
Plus their fresh fruit juices are super yummy and healthy.
Definitely a place to come and check out!

Amazing food, perfect balance of spice and flavour.
A must try if you like authentic Chinese food.

Let me first say that my husband is Chinese and we are pretty picky when it comes to eating out.
This place is great!
It has really authentic skewers which really remind me of BBQ in China.
My favorite are the lamb skewers, but I liked the chicken and beef too.
We got some mild and some spicy.
The spicy ones were pretty spicy for me, but my husband said they were perfect!
We also had the pot of shrimp and corn - YUM!
You even get gloves to so there is no messy clean up after the peel-yourself shrimp.
On our second visit we got the combination "rinse meat string.
" We had tofu, mushrooms, fish balls and some other kind of fish.
They are amazing!
I couldn't stop eating it.
I would definitely get these again!
I also love the plum juice which is tart and cold...perfect to cool the spice!
We also had kids with us who loved the sweet potato fries!
We got the VIP card and used it to save a bunch on our second visit.
Overall, I will be back because: 1.
The food is YUMMY!
Authentic, spicy and great quality.
The VIP card offers a good discount 3.
They are open LATE so we can go after work - which can be difficult since we get off work at midnight!!

very good

Hot Feel - seafood restaurant as in boiling crab or hot n juicy style yet a lot less appealing - average price ~$16 including tips (averagely $10/lbs for any type).
The place is mainly for Chinese youth, alcohol is served and you will be hearing a lot of Chinese.
We were served by a young chinese girl yet I don't think she's good at it.
On the other hand there was other young Asian American girl who was really kind and nice to us that's why we left 20% gratitude.
Food is nothing special compare to boiling crab or hot n juicy, management is bad, the restaurant in general is really unprofessional and unprepared.
I would not recommend anyone here and I would not come back.
2.5/5, that's 2.5 is for the nice waitress that served us.

Its a new restaurant right off the strip located in the heart of chinatown.
The place does seafood but instead of a cajun twist its different in that it has a unique chinese fusion.
The lamb or beef skewers are very good and the rinse meat hot pot sticks are definitely worth trying.
Best thing is theyre open until 2am for those late night cravings.
Ask about becoming a VIP member for discounts and benefits!

If you love sea food and a cool fun atmosphere... Definitely this is the place to go!

Good!
!!!
非常好吃的！vegas 不错的吃辣的地方！ 难得有像中国味的烤串!I have one of the Hot Feel VIP card that a friend gave me, so I told the waiter at the onset of the ordering.
We received a complimentary appetizer (Green Mussels), and 10% discounts on our tab.

A couple of weeks back I was invited to an informal business meeting with the SEO/Marketing specialist we use at my place of employment; Which whom i will be reviewing shortly after this review.
Anyways, he kept talking about how awesome this place Hot Feel was.
Let me be honest for a second, getting invited to a restaurant called Hot Feel by another guy can come off as a little odd, but he then mentioned that this place has got it going on and you use your hands and get down and dirty.
Okay so maybe that is not the best way to invite someone either... Once past the jokes and puns that I'm sure I through at him I replied with a simple answer of Hell Yes ill go to Hot Feel with you.
I had seen pictures he had posted on his facebook of the interior and the food and I was down to try it out.
I rolled in to the parking lot to be greeted by a HUGE shrimp on the front of the building which really stands out in the parking lot that they happen to be in and once you walk in it is pretty surprising, the way the booth/tables are set up is pretty cool, It is private yet not too private....
I only say that because me being 6'5 I am much taller than the average customer was that night and I could basically sit in my chair and perch over to see what everyone around us was doing, But the interior was cool none the less.
Now onto the nitty gritty, the menu came to the table and we were off to the races, Sooner than you could rip the head off a shrimp we had king crab, and hot pots with what looked like an endless supply of sticks hanging out of it on our table as well as spicy beef skewers.
I say spicy loosely because I love extreme hot food and according to my trusty taste buds with who I trust with my stomach would have to call out that the "HOT" on the menu was not hot enough for me, but to some at our table you would have thought someones long lost grandma just passed with all the tears being shed.
Anyways, the quality of the food was great, the food was fresh, hot (temperature hot not scoville units hot) and the customer service and wait staff was great.
I would definitely come back and see if they could up the anty for me in the spicy department.

Great service, great food!
The "hot feel" favor is very good.
And if you add some corns in, that will be amazing!

recommend by my friends.
spicy scallop shell,snow crab legs,green mussel,bbq style ,all the food is good

This is the place for people who love spicy food.
The food is definitely delicious , especially the hotpot sticks I've never had in LV.
,even in LA I've never tried the spicy food like this before.
The set up of this restaurant is interesting and fancy,it's a nice place to hangout with friends and family.
hopefully they will come  to LA one day!
I will absolutely recommend it to friends and go there again.

Actually not a bad place for crawfish....
The sauces were different from the other places but I liked the variation...

Food here is great.
They have a truly unique twist on how to make crawfish.
I find this uniqueness refreshing especially with all the different crawfish joints in town it really helps them stand out.
Prices here are also very comparable to competitors around town.
My only criticism to this place is this the service is a little lack luster.
They are friendly and helpful when asked.
But they are not very tentative, even though the last couple times ive been there we were the only table present.
If they were a little more proactive as opposed to reactive it would make this place excellent.

Underwhelming.
Came for a UYE with my guy, met up with a bunch of fellow Yelpers.
Service was decently attentive and polite, but product was dismal despite the discounted rate we were offered.
Leos was telling us all about the company background- they have the same concept restaurant in China, where they do very well.
Décor, particularly the lighting, is clearly very expensive and upscale.
White and red minimalist style with wood tables and creative drawings on the wall make this an attractive place, and the giant shrimp on their exterior signage is eye-catching.
But this particular plaza is not highly trafficked and the signage is mostly missed by street traffic- not sure where they're advertising but to be as empty as they were on a Friday night, it is clearly not enough.
The crawfish we had only came in two flavors: their house Hot Feel sauce and garlic, available in mild, medium, and hot.
Flavors were not very pronounced and were rather one-note with a lack of depth but they were not bad.
I notice a lot of other reviews complimenting their garlic shrimp, and would consider returning to try them- but if they're in the same sauce I don't think I would be impressed.
Price point is the same as Hot N Juicy, but quality of product and flavor of sauces is not on par with the competition.
Also tried the lamb skewers at Leos' recommendation, and while they weren't bad it didn't do anything for me.
They are better skewers than what I recently had from Fat Dumpling down the street recently though.
This restaurant currently has a Groupon up- worth picking up to try the version of seafood served here at a good discount.

超级好吃！绝对比得上国内而且在米国吃羊肉更放心！Don't let the name misguide you!
Otherwose you'll miss a great chance to experience Genuine Chinese style skewers and BBQ.
I strongly recommend their hotpot sticks, BBQ lamb skewer, shrimp and corn!
I don't usually write comments, but I really hope this place could have more customers and last a long time in Las Vegas!

Loooooove the garlic shrimp.....I actually went for the first time yesterday and im debating going back again today!!
Great atmosphere and experience so I think I will end up going....very soon.

Tried this out though Groupon a month ago and had the garlicky shrimp which was fresh and the chicken wings which my fiancee loved for its crunchy texture.
Did not care for the sate sticks much but decided we liked the place enough to come back.
Got another Groupon offer and tried it out (more sober this time) and ordered the same shrimp, chicken wings and an order of king crab.
They brought us a regular crab order which looked liked the remains of someone else's order after they were done with it.
We told them this was not king crab and they regretfully apologized and said they had a new cook.
They returned with our king crab but it was not any better.
Had only a few pieces and not anything like the king crab order at Hot and Juicy Crawfish that served decent pieces of legs and claw.
The shrimp was not fresh and had a hard time peeling it which to me is a sign that it was not fresh.
All this and we had to watch a video of Chinese propaganda played over and over again.

Very horrible service.
Only one waiter, no water for 10 minutes, no order for another 10 minutes.
Only three tables in the room.
Very unprofessional.
If u r timed, do not go.
Service is really bad.

Waited 5 minutes for water then another 15 minutes before I walked out due to no one taking my order.

food is good.
service is good.
Will go back again.

Lamb Skewers were great!

You gotta love a place where you wear plastic gloves and bib to eat.
It's so much fun and the food is too, as well as delicious.
Good beer and service.
I'd recommend it happily.

A must go place.
I'm very picky about food - especially Chinese food which is one of my favorite.
This by far is the most tasty spicy Chinese cuisine I have ever ate since I move to America.
We had 1lb shrimp, lamb stick and lamb kidney stick(you won't see this on English menu), hot pot stick with fish bal, beef tendon ball, tofu wrap and king oyster mushroom, 2 ramen, plus a Alaska beer and soda.
With the 10 for 25 coupon we only spent 40$!
Worth ever penny.
Service quality is above common Chinese restaurant as well.
5/5 stars for sure.

Horrible, never been to a restaurant where there is no utensils to eat with.
Eat with plastic gloves?
Me thinks not.

Loved the spicyness, I'm definitely going again

