Tried this place since it was on my way to the hotel.
They are brand new to Mesa.
They have an impressive list of sandwiches.
They have a lo g list of veggie sandwiches, if that is your preference.I ordered the "Michael Jordan" - a meatball sandwich.
It was outstanding!
One of the best meatball sandos I have had.
The place itself is bright, clean and welcoming.
The staff was friendly and helpful.
I would certainly go again, and I highly recommend the place.

Amazing sandwiches!
Glad they are in the neighborhood!
Gotta do Dutch crunch and dirty sauce.
I had the Elvis Keith added jalapeño, super good.
Onion rings are really tasty but not that big of an order for sharing.
So come eat here!
Very friendly guy at the counter from the San Francisco location.

I am from Phoenix, moved to the Bay Area 7 years ago...
I have only been to Ike's in California, but I am sooooo excited they opened one in my home state.
They're sharing the love!
The sandwiches are incredible.
The selection is extensive and they can make things vegetarian/vegan style if you request.
You even get a caramel apple lollipop in your meal (I hope they do this in AZ).
Don't hesitate - RUN to Ike's and get the best sandwich of yo' life!

Just traveling through on our vacation (SF Giants Spring Training) and spotted Ike's.
I know Ike's from the Bay Area, and this did not disappoint.
I got the Vegetarian and my husband got the Menage a Trois with Halal Chicken.
Both sandwiches knocked our socks off!
Seriously, how good can a sandwich be?
So good!
Totally recommend.
They obviously take their sandwiches very seriously!
I will always go here when I visit Scottsdale!
(Go Giants!

I had he misfortune of living in the Bay Area for 6 years.
Ike's at Stanford was one of the only good things about it.
From what I understand, Ike's has developed thousands of sand which combinations over the years.
My personal favorites are the Damon Bruce and the Reggie Jackson (you'll notice that the sandwiches are typically named after someone, lots of sf giants players on the menu).
This place just opened in an odd corner of Mesa on valentines day.
The best thing about it is there was no line and no San Francisco people that you had to deal with in order to get a great sandwich.

I love a good sandwich and this place has stolen my heart.
I can't say enough about how amazing their sandwiches are.
I had the Bill Walsh (former 49 ers coach) but I think they should change it to the Joe Walsh because this sandwich rocked!
I know that sounds cheesy but it's true.
The menu is huge so there is something for everyone including vegans.
In my opinion a great sandwich starts with great bread and there's is right in the money!
And they used this amazing garlic aioli that smells like what I imagine heaven smells like.
Damn it was good!
A perfect mix of turkey, cheese, avocado and the heavenly sauce.
Mmm Mmm good!
It's been 36 hours since I've eaten there and I think I will go back there tomorrow for lunch.
I'm a little surprised about their choice for the first location in AZ.
It's across the street from Fiesta Mall which is quickly closing stores.
And many nearby restaurants have gone out if business.
I would think that they would have chosen a spot with mire traffic.
So fingers crossed that they get tons of business because if they close I'm going to have to move to California to get my fix.

Second visit in a week.
I can't think of eating anywhere else!
I think they put an addictive chemical in their delicious sandwiches that makes me crave it nightly!
This time I tried the Tony Soprano and it did not disappoint.
Again amazing bread and great deli meats.
Great blend of flavors from the meat, Italian dressing and dirty sauce.
I also tried the Funky Fusion chips and they were amazing!
I have no idea what the flavor is, maybe BBQ and vinegar?
They are so good an extremely addictive.
Funky Fusion is a perfect name.
I can't wait to eat there again!

Not sure I have ever been a fan of a place as fast as I became a fan of Ike's Place.
They opened their first location in AZ and after hearing a lot of hype, decided to check it out.
The menu is a bit intimidating at first, but I eventually settled on the Bella.
The staff here was extremely friendly and the vibe of the restaurant has that neighborhood sandwich place kind of feel.
It was not very busy and had little wait for our food.
Oh and there were some cops eating there too, so that tells you the food is good right there.
Once I tried the first bite of that sandwich, after taking pictures of it for Yelp of course, I was immediately a fan.
Everything about this sandwich was great, the bread, the meat, the toppings, couldn't think of a single complaint about it.
It even came with a lollipop!!
Everyone I was with was saying the same thing about their orders as well.
In fact, it was so goodI actually ordered a sandwich "To Go" to eat later.
I can't wait for the next time I find myself at Ike's and have told everyone I have come into contact with since my last visit about it.
Maybe I should buy me some Ike's Place schwag!

Although not the least expensive sandwich on the planet.. Ik'e s is up there with best I have ever had..
The bread is fantastic, and the combination of ingredients are ingenious.

This is my second time chosing Ikes, this is because the sandwhich I got, called the "Reggae Jackson" was delicious!
The cashier, named Tucker, was great, giving me the experience that I wasnt just another customer, instead, he showed that he truly appreciated that I chose to eat at Ikes.
The employees appear to truly enjoy their job.
The enviroment vibe was great.
This being my second time at Ikes, the cashier Tucker, said "welcome back".
Im definitely eating at Ikes again

I usually don't do reviews unless places piss me off, but Ike's is an exception.
They have the best sandwiches I have ever had.
I live within walking distance of Ike's, which is a huge plus for me.
I plan on going there regularly.
I also really enjoy the music, from what I've heard, everything is from the 90's.

Found this place after a recommendation from a friend and it was definitely worth the trip.
So many great sandwiches to choose from.
I ended up going with the Bella on Dutch Crunch bread, but be sure to order it with bacon.
It's so good.
I really like that all of the sandwiches come with a Carmel Apple lollipop too.
It's a little off the beaten path, but definitely worth the trip!

Blew my mind!
Just landed from SF and was looking for a local place instead of a chain and I wanted something vegetarian.
Happened to stumble in here and was blown away by an entire row of the craziest veggie sandwiches I've seen.
And Jessie, the girl helping me, was so damn passionate.
The energy added a ton.
After taking about 10 minutes to get out of massive decision fatigue, I went with the 'Sometimes I'm a Vegetarian' with the works on their homemade Dutch crunch roll.
Wow.
Can't wait to try the original in San Francisco!

Delicious!
This place certainly knows how to make a tasty sandwich.
The bread is soft but crunchy and didn't get soggy!
That's a big deal for me.
Nobody likes the gross soggy party at the end...looking at you Subway.
Not to mention they use fresh veggies and delicious sauces.Also I'm super impressed with the fact that there are so many different sandwich options and they have many vegetarian and vegan choices.These sandwiches are huge as expected for the prices!
Almost wish they had a smaller size option as well.
Oh well, just save some for later!

This is by far the best sandwich I have ever had.
My mother was with me and she felt the same way.
I would rate it a 10 on the 5 star scale, and I can't think of another that I would even rate a 5.
People were friendly, too.
In my opinion, the location is bad because you almost have to know its there to find it; but its not bad in any other way.
I hope they open other stores that are closer to my daily life, but in the mean time I will be driving to Mesa regularly to get a sandwich from Ikes.
YUMMY!!

This place is absolutely amazing!
I discovered the one in San Fran from a friend and loved it.
The cashier told me there would be one opening in Mesa and I had to try it.
Must say it is AWESOME.
I had the vegan Tom Brady and the vegan Bud Bundy (on the San Fran menu - not this one, but they will make almost anything on the online menu for you), then I had the vegan Handsome Owl (my new favorite).
The vegan Brutus is okay but nothing to write home about, but this place has hands down the best vegan sandwiches I have ever eaten...
EVER.
Oh yeah Ike was at the restaurant when me and my dad went.

Are you kidding me?
This place is real?
Of course it has a million reviews and 5 stars.
There is something for every single person on this planet to enjoy.
When the worker found out I had never been there, she mentioned that they make over 400 sandwiches.
Four.
Hundred.
Holy.
Crap.
They have tons of vegetarian options, plenty of unique combos and then the basic stuff as well.
If theres one thing (okay, theres many) that Adam Richman has taught me, its that the basic dish is the best way to judge a restaurant.
Yes, I went with the boring turkey avocado.
The lady working there recommended a crunchy bread and had my sandwich out to me in less than 3 minutes.
First... it was the size of my head.
Massive amounts of food is a big plus in my book.
The sandwich itself was great.
Perfect ratio of meat, bread and lettuce.
And the avocado was fresh.
None of that crazy bottled crap.
My only regret is that I didn't get it "dirty".
They'll put mozzarella sticks and jalapeño poppers on it.
Oh.
My.
Heck.

I have tried multiple sandwiches here.
The Jay mee sirewich is amazing with avacado.
The staff is great.
If your adventurous try the bear hug amazing.

Ike's is finally in AZ and it was worth the wait.
For those of us with celiac or gluten intolerances, Ike's is a fantastic option.
They use sandwich rolls from Gluten Free Creations (which is just as good as the Mariposa rolls they use in the Bay Area) and use exclusive GF areas to prepare sandwiches.
The wait time for making sandwiches, however, is a bit long.
They are newly opened though and perfection can't be rushed.
You'll definitely want to make time to come check out Ike's!

Best Sandwhich I have EVER eaten!!!!
Seriously!!!!
And, I am a foodie.
Soooo glad they are in AZ now.
Not the greatest location, but it is worth the drive and the staff is super awesome!
Plus, you can pick sandwiches from the San Francisco location that is not on the menu here.
And an added bonus is that they have a ton of vegetarian and gluten-free options for all of my friends.

Holy sandwich menu, Batman!!
That was the best meatball sub EVER (called the Micheal Jordan for a good reason)!!
The Boy got the Handsome Owl and it was a delicious vegetarian sandwich I'd consider getting my meat-loving self if I weren't worried about missing out on the meatballs!!
The Dutch Crunch bread our sandwiches came on was super tasty with plenty of crunch AND soft chewiness.
They even let me put the fried zucchini ON my sandwich instead of on the side!!
These are the kind of sandwiches that are so tasty, you feel like you have to eat every bite - even if there's no room in your stomach.
The staff was extremely friendly and helpful when choosing from the huge list of choices.
It was a fun place to be and their Happy Hour special for people eating there was a free drink and chips with your sandwich!!
Even the music playing was great (old school R&B/rap...the fun stuff everyone loves to sing along with)!
I can't wait till one opens in Phoenix.
Hey Ike!!
There's an old JB's that's closed on the corner of 32nd St. and Indian School - how about opening up shop there?!?!?
I promise to bring all my friends!

The food is awesome!
(Try the bear hug it's ridiculously good) It's a bit on the pricey side but you definitely get what you pay for.
One sandwich is more than enough for two people to share.
I really like the decor of the place and the counter girl, Jessica I think her name is, is so awesome.
It's nice to see someone so excited about their job :)  I really hope it sticks around for a long time.

A coworker and I decided to try Ike's for lunch for the the first time on Monday.
The sandwiches we delicious.
She tried the Barry B and I had the Your favorite Sesame Street character.
We both loved our sandwiches.
Our only compliant is we wish they had an option for a smaller sandwich.
I don't think sandwiches keep well as leftovers, and tried to eat the whole thing so it wouldn't go to waste.
I couldn't quite finish and I was still stuffed.
I will try to get someone in the office to split one with me next time we order.
Staff was also super friendly.

My favorite place now to get a sandwich.
Very friendly staff and great atmosphere.
I thought the price was high for a sandwich, until the sandwich came out and it was big!
I was completely stuffed.
The place is very unique and the menu names for the sandwiches are hilarious.

Tried  Ike's today for dinner and it was fabulous.
Had the Tony Soprano and it was great.
So many other sandwiches that I want to try, will definitely be back.

Eating a "Sometimes I'm Vegetarian" sandwich.
AMAZING!
I have found my new go-to sandwich shop.
Such a wide array of things to choose from, no matter if you're a meat-eater, vegetarian, vegan, or gluten-free.
I little pricey with sandwiches around $8-10.
But worth it!

When I saw Ike's had opened up in Mesa, I couldn't believe it.
Did my beloved sandwich shop from San Francisco that's always a must-visit actually makes it way to Mesa?
Once I verified that this was the real-deal Ike's, I started texting friends and family who share my love of Ike's with the good news.
I must confess that I haven't been to this location yet, but it's only because it's so close to my husband's work so he picks up our order.
My guy says this is the best gluten free bread he's ever had.
He almost sent back his sandwich the first time he ordered it because he thought they put it on regular bread.
He's also a fan of the vegan cheese and dirty sauce since dairy doesn't agree with him either.
Being a vegetarian, Ike's is like heaven to me.
Whenever there is more than two veggie options on a menu, I start to seize up with indecision (in the best way possible).
Their fake breaded chicken is so good.
It reminds me of the patty used in McDonald's spicy chicken sandwich (again, in the best way possible).
The vegan bacon isn't as gross as it sounds although the fake fat stripes are silly looking.
I added it to the Reading Rainbow, and it was delicious.

My favorite sandwich shop from San Francisco has made it's way to AZ!
Had it for the first time at the new location today and was amazing as usual.
The dirty sauce and Dutch crunch bread are a must.

I don't have a clue where to even start with Ike's.
Maybe I could start with the crispy yet warm and chewy Dutch Crunch bread or I could possibly begin with the Dirty Sauce.
Either way, this place is out of this world.
I had the opportunity to hear Ike's story and not only does he care about his food, this dude really cares about creating a good environment.
There's this blonde girl who is ALWAYS there at this location and she told me she actually transferred out here to help open the store and she's the most friendly person and always greets me like we are best friends.
I'll call her "The Director of First Impressions".
She is a G.  Anyways, do not hesitate to go even out of your way to go to Ike's.
The location is not my fave but I can promise you it's worth it!

The first time I had Ikes was in downtown Oakland about a year ago.
I have to say it was one of the most memorable sandwiches I ever had.
I told everyone about the place as if I was the owner.
I was working at a clinic about 5 miles away a few days ago, but had no idea that there was an Ikes Sandwich Shop in town.
I'm never in this area because its been dead for years, but now I have reason to go there.
I was planning on meeting my girlfriend at Chipotle for lunch.
I pulled into the parking lot and saw Ikes off to the side.
I was hyped!!!
I immediately called her and told her to scratch Chipotle and do Ikes instead.
We both got sandwiches and traded halves after I sampled hers.
She ordered the gluten free bread and I have to say its the best I've had.
The staff was excellent and made great recommendations.
I will be back for sure.

Visiting from out of town and decided to check this place out.
My family and I were very happy with this place.
A list of sandwiches we had: The Ted Danson, The Thunderbird, The Reggie Jackson, The Pat Tillman and the Ménage a trois.
All were great sanwiches!
I see why this place has high ratings from others customers.
They have many varieties of sandwiches available.
The staff was very helpful in providing suggestions on what to order.
Definitely recommend this place if you ever pass by one.

Wow, .
Eat one of the tastiest sandwiches I've ever had on that price level.
The average sandwich which is huge costs between seven dollars and $10.
You walk in and there is a very very large board on the wall of every type of sandwich you can think of even vegetarian.
If you don't see anything you want, they can make you what you want.
The service staff are friendly and helpful and actually funny.
The restaurant is clean and attractive and definitely for groups and families.
But here's the deal the sandwiches are delicious the bread they use is different and they're very filling.
Ikes is located on the east side Alma School, south of Southern, across from Fiesta Mall.
You will not be disappointed.

Really good choice for Gluten Ftee.
DELICIOUS bread.
Lots of choices for fixins.
Just as delicious as when we visited Ikes in San Francisco.

I came in based on the 5 star reviews.
.. waiting for my sandwich now..
I have little doubt it will be great.
BUT... it is 1:30 , after the lunch rush.. 2 other people eating here right now.
The big bummer is that every empty table is dirty.
I am currently sitting at a table with someone else's crumbs and lettuce...
The best choice table.
Just got my sandwich.. it looks great!
Ok finished my sandwich.. Def 5 star worthy.
No one did any table cleaning while I ate there for 10 or 15 minutes :(  Other customers had to sit at dirtier tables than mine as they came in.
Come on guys ... gotta keep the tables, floors, soda area all clean too.
I'll have to give you the benefit of the doubt on the restrooms since I did not use them.
Will Def be back for the sandwiches.
Maybe upgrade my review if the place is tidy.
I grew up in the restaurant business... cleanliness is a big factor.

Very rarely do I give out 5 stars.
Today is that day.
I already have a favorite sandwich place that I eat at in Vegas and none has topped it in the many years that I have frequented that place.
Today is the day that the crown is placed on another.
There were so many different delicious sounding sandwiches to choose from that I kept ordering then changing my mind  and choosing a different one.
I wish I had 5 extra stomaches.
I finally decided to order the Adam Richman sandwich because we follow him on Man Vs Food.
Let me tell you , the moment I but into it, rockets flared, music played and a beautiful butterfly metamorphosized.
It was like I was eating the equivalent of Beyoncé mixed with Angelina Jolie's "talents".
Today the food gods  shined upon me and I smiled back as I took another bite into what life is about....ECSTASY

I was so excited when I found out Ike's has an Arizona location and it's only a few miles down the street from my house.
I am Gluten Intolerant and this is the best sandwich shop hands down in the valley.... that I can eat at.
They even ask what your gluten sensitivity level is and make adjustments in the kitchen specifically for you.
Bomb sandwiches, get one.

If u want to experience a sub shop built in heaven you must come here and arrive hungry menu is so large they can't fit it on the wall,  over 400 sandwiches so u will have to devote a full year of your life to experience it,   Ordered 201 Adam Richmond - the avocado in the sandwich made it really good 444 bear hug - the jalenopenos made the sandwich  I got 398 more subs to try I'm coming back

So so so good!!
Yes, happiness IS edible at Ike's!

Whaaaaaaat this place is amazing!
We drove by several times wondering what it was, and after seeing the Yelp reviews decided to try it out.
We split the vegetarian meatball sub and it was CRAZY.
It tasted better than any other real meatball sub I've had.
Everyone was very helpful and nice.
Just plan on spending some time looking at the menu because there a lot of choices.
Excited to go back!

I tried the tony soprano sub which of coarse is there Italian.
It is one of the best I've had in town.
Great job Ike's!

Great sandwiches and great people!
The staff is really nice and helpful.
The sandwiches are around 10 bucks which is a little pricey but worth it !
It's super tasty and a good chill atmosphere .

Yo straight up shits a dime boi, tastes great, atmosphere is great, and they got bathrooms son.
Don't be afraid to try something new and don't complain about the price.
The Sammie's are large enough that Steven Tyler can't even swallow it in one go... Validation that this place can't be beat.

Super bomb sandwichs.
Great selection.
Get the Shawn Michaels add Thunderbird sauce, it's not on the menu but trust me on this.
Thank me later.

Absolutely the longest I've ever waited for a sandwich.
Not worth it.
Skip this place.
Its seriously like they start planting the grain when you order the bread.

Ahhhhhhhhhmazing!
Headed to the fams for Easter and thought hmmmm a sandwich sounds good.
Thanks to yelp we found Ike's !!!!
Their signature bread is so delicious as is their special sauce.
Tried a roast beef salami one and the deep fried chicken with their BBQ honey sauce.
Please start one in Washington.
Also the workers were so happy and helpful!
Can't wait to come back to Mesa!

Sandwiches are messy deliciousness.
They have a happy hour special everyday from 4-7 when you eat in store, get a free bag I chips & drink.
They have about 45 sandwich options, most are Halal chicken, steak or veggie.
Four bread choices and several additional add ins available.
Everyone in store is super friendly and ready to recommend their fav sandwich.
My favorite so far is the Mozzarella's Big Cheese.
It's chicken, honey, honey mustard, havarta, & provolone cheese.
The onion rings are the only downside I've tried so far.
Kinda limp and soggy, I guess their made more to go in the sandwiches rather then as a side.

Obviously a huge menu with alot of choices, but probably not enough of the turkey variety.
I can't remember the name of the sandwich I ordered, but they are all served hot.
Mine had turkey, homemade poppy seed coleslaw, provolone and french dressing.
It also had that garlic aioli which is present on every sandwich, but mine did not need that overload.
You got the french dressing mostly and then a late garlic after taste.
They need to clean the tables off better and put salt and pepper shakers on the table, but otherwise a pretty huge sandwich for about 9 bucks.
Chips are extra and there is no combo available.
They must have an exclusive contract with Dirty Chips because those are the only ones available.

The best Sandwich(es) ever..... .
This is a rare Vegetarian's Paradise as well.
After settling for lettuce, spinach, bell peppers and tomatoes on a roll with deli mustard or a not so nice tasting "veggie burger" countless times in this century- here comes Ike's to save the day and keep Veggie and Vegan hope alive, well and coming back for more.
At the grand opening party on Friday 4/18, their amazing employee Rachel asked for my preference and had the #61 called the " Sometimes I'm a Vegetarian" specially prepared for me.
First bite and I was hooked: Grilled Mushrooms,Marinated Arichoke Hearts, Pesto and Provolone on their delicious Dutch Crunch Bread.
I have been back 4 times since and also ordered  #73, the " Lynda Carter" with Breaded Eggplant, French Dressing, Avocado and Gouda on that very same Dutch Crunch bread - wow!
just crazy good.
Next on my list is #70 " Meatless Mike" and my fantastic journey through the100 different veggie sandwiches.
Love the awesome, fresh and hot sandwiches, love the atmosphere and vibe and especially love the energy and attitude of all of their employees.
Customer for life here who is bringing 12 of his dear friends to this gem this weekend.
Thanks Ike

I tried Ike's for the first time today and they got my order wrong.
I figured, it happens, right?
We all have THOSE days.
So I called figuring they'd give me a credit or something.
NO!
They drove a fresh sandwich to me!
The sandwich was supersonic delicious and it was one of the BEST customer service experiences I've ever had in my life!
Thank you Tucker, Gregory and the rest of the gang at the Mesa, AZ location.
You ROCK!
I'll be back and I'll bring friends!

Wow!
That is all that came to my mind when I saw that Ike's had finally came to AZ!
Like a lot of reviews here I've been to the original Ike's in the Castro in SF many times.
I travel to SF several times a year and always make a point to visit Ike's.
I truly think that it is the best sandwich I've ever had.
So big question...was this Ike's as good as the one in San Francisco??
Well, I'm glad to report that it is!
Man I'm so happy.
I was with a buddy of mine and we ended up ordering the Kryptonite,  This sandwich is no joke.
It's $26 but for two sandwiches.
I knew how big Ike's sandwiches are and I knew that I wouldn't probably even make it through one.
The Kryptonite had everything in it.
Cheese sticks, onion rings, pesto, turkey, roast beef, ham, pastrami, bacon, stuffed jalapenos.
I mean just about everything!
It was amazing, and yes I had it on the Dutch crunch roll.
There are so many sandwiches to choose from at Ike's.
All of the favorites are there and they even offer vegan sandwiches too.
I doubt that I will get close to even trying half of the sandwiches, but I have my favorite.
The 98.
Jaymee Sirewich is probably my personal favorite, but when I go back Im going to try something different.
The best thing about Ike's here in Mesa is tables to sit and eat your sandwich!
If you have ever been to the original location you would appreciate how good that is!
Also, they are opening a location on Mill ave in Tempe!
I hope they end up expanding to all sides of the valley, especially the NW valley!
Lastly, we ordered during happy hour.
No booze here, but we did get a free chips and drink if you ordered it to eat at the restaurant.
It's every day from 4-7 so check it out!!!!
Do yourself a favor, go try Ike's.
Just be warned that it just takes one time and you will be hooked!

This place is great for vegetarians/vegans - lots of tasty options.
I had the Lynda Carter - it was this amazing eggplant creation!
The sandwich is enormous - I could only eat half - but I was dying to gobble the whole thing.
Great staff, clean and bright restaurant, good menu, love it!
I WANT ONE IN DALLAS/FT WORTH - YOU HEAR ME IKE?

I truly could eat here every freaking day!
No joke.
It's about a 45 min drive each way for me but I would drive that way multiple times a day if it meant I could get another sandwich!
This place is truly amazing & I've already been there 2 times this week.
Visiting the first time I was really overwhelmed with all of the choices but the guy behind the counter kinda walked us through everything & helped us pick the perfect sandwich.
The workers talked to us like we were old friends.
I ordered The Change which was sliced ribeye, BBQ sauce, onion rings & gouda cheese.
I can honestly say it was one of the most amazing sandwiches I've ever had.
Ever.
They are pretty pricy but worth every penny.
LOVE all the different choices they have, you can go the healthy route or you can just go crazy (like I did) & even add mozzarella cheese sticks to a sandwich!
PLEASE OPEN ONE CLOSER TO ME!

Three of us from work went to Ikes today for lunch.
It was the first time there for all of us.
The number of sandwiches is overwhelming.
I had the Lynda Carter which is breaded eggplant,  avocado,  gouda and French dressing.
It was delicious.
My co-workers also loved their sandwiches.
The staff is very helpful and friendly and it is a fun place to eat.
Will definitely be back.
Yum!

5 stars because it is the only sandwich shop worth revisiting.
All the other major chain sandwich shops are the same, nothing special.
I can make those sandwiches in my own kitchen (probably better ones).
Not Ike's though, his sandwiches are one of a kind.
This location is relatively new and the service was a liiiiitle slow but the food was worth the wait!
I ordered the bbq roast beef sandwich and it was oh so good.
Generous portion of meat, appropriate portions of all the toppings and the secret sauce mixed with bbq sauce?
yes please!

Awesome place!!
Just went for the first time and I was amazed by all if the choices especially being a vegan!
Bread was fan-freakin-tastic.
I don't feel it was too expensive but we did come during happy hour so we got free chips and drink...
What?!
Soo good!!
I got the vegan pee wee and it was Delish!
Hubs got the pilgrim and he dia and I quote "probably the best sandwich I ever ate".
And he is NOT easily impressed by a long shot so this says a lot!
Daughter got the Vegan Meatless Mike and loved it.
Thanks for giving the vegans all these options!!!!!
Will be back!!
Namaste

Vegetarian paradise!
So many choices.
So delicious!
I love this place and will certainly return.
It's a new favorite :)

Yumalisciousness!
I'm not even a big sandwich person, but Ike's definitely has my love.
The Dutch Crunch bread is the bomb and the dirty sauce is just garlicky goodness!
Staff is fun and friendly and the menu offers one-of-a-kind exciting combinations!
All sandwiches are hot and made to order and customized to your level of awesomeness.
This place is always packed at lunch time so plan accordingly.

Believe the hype.
Flat out fantastic sandwiches available at Ike's Love & Sandwiches.
While not every single sandwich is as stellar as some reviewers would have you believe, even their average eats are better than most other chain sandwich shops.
Unfortunately, there is only 1 location in Arizona and it is way out in Mesa!
We can't wait for their new location opening in Downtown Tempe at the Brickyard on Mill - Fall of 2014!
The only bad thing about these sandwiches?...
They end!

Sandwich shops, everybody enjoys a good sandwich every once in a while.
Other than Subway and maybe Quiznos, you can find even better places out there.
So when I was on my Yelping marathon, I came across this place.
Another 5 star average restaurant, which means it should be tried sooner or later.
I checked out the website and the menu.
The menu was really big for a sandwich shop, and I couldn't wait to try it.
So my brother and I went today to go check it out.
First thing I've noticed walking in was the huge menu on the left side of the building.
All the sandwiches have very clever names and each sounded mighty delicious (Especially Kryptonite, maybe some other day though).
The staff were really friendly and with it being out first time, they gave us suggestions.
So we've both ended up getting the Matt Cain sandwich with that Dutch Crunch bread?
The sauce (Godfather sauce) was very freakin tasty and the bread had the right crunch.
The meat/veggie ratio wasn't too bad either.
Overall a very delicious and tasty sandwich.
Only one problem, was the size of the sub.
It's not tiny, but just a little bit bigger would of been perfect.
So I really recommend eating here (or Cheba Hut) if you crave a tasty sandwich.
Forget about Subway.. for reals

Yum yum yum yum.
Holy crap.
Yum.
Amazing choices!
I had something with thin sliced rib eye, provolone, steak sauce, onion rings, and their crazy good garlic aioli.
The menu is epic.
The dude who took my order was friendly and fun.
Dutch crunch bread to die for.
Sandwiches were gigantic!
I'm hooked.

I can't tell you how excited I am to have an Ike's in AZ!
As a San Francisco native I crave good quality sandwiches on our famous Dutch Crunch bread.
My husband and I ventured in today for the ultimate sandwich experience and Ike's, as usual did not disappoint.
My hubster had the Barry B Turkey, Bacon, Swiss with dirty sauce on Dutch Crunch and I had my usual the Tony Soprano with turkey, salami, ham and provolone with Italian dressing and dirty sauce on Dutch Crunch.
I've always loved how Ike's serves their sandwiches warm, do not confuse this with other sandwich shops version's of toasted.
Ike's lightly warms their bread allowing the ingredients of the sandwich to come together!
We will be back, and often.
Thank you Ike's for showing AZ how a sandwich should be!

"Best sandwich I've ever had in my life!
"  Those were the words of my wonderful fiancé.
I have to say, I echo those EXACT same sentiments.
Ike's lived up to it's reputation, and the hype!
GIANT sandwiches!!!
Super friendly service, could not have been more welcoming and accommodating.
Go to Ike's, in fact go right now!
You will not be disappointed!

Just happened to be driving down the street and saw the goofy advertising of the Mr. Ike dude with his fancy smile and hairdo.
Thought I was looking at an old TV commercial of Mr. Clean as a kid.
Definitely got my attention and did a quick bookmark for this place.
I'm going to start right off with the fact that these guys make some really good sandwiches.
They even make a great Gluten Free version for those who are on a special diet.
This is a big reason for me rounding up and going Ape Woohoo on this here review.
Inside is charming with a simple pick what you want and we will make it to your specifications.
They have a gigantic menu with a large majority of the sandwiches named after famous celebrities or TV characters.
You can even order by number to keep things real.
Service is friendly and very helpful when it comes time to making your selection.
On my first visit I felt overwhelmed by the menu and was ask a few question to narrow down my choices.
Nice!
Ordered the Adam Richman on Dutch Crumble Bread for my first experience.
That Man vs Food fool is crazy.
The sandwich was delicious and came with Avocado, Fried Chicken, Ham, Pesto, Real Honey and Swiss.
Next visit tried out the Pat Tillman which is Beer Battered Mozzarella Sticks, Mushrooms and Roast Beef.
My co-worker went with the Gluten Free version of the Spiffy Tiffy.
It comes with Avocado, Halal Chicken, Mushrooms, Pepper Jack, Pesto, and Provolone.
She said it was spectacular and the first sandwich she has been able to eat in a long time.
Regular bread makes her feel poorly and she could not stop talking about how good it tasted.
They also have some crazy BIG sandwiches like the Kryptonite.
That one comes with Avocado, Bacon, Beer Battered Onion Rings, EXTRA Pepper Jack, Ham, Mozzarella Sticks, Pastrami, Pesto, Roast Beef, Salami, Stuffed Jalapeno Poppers and Turkey.
Too many choices to list them all.
Check out their website and give them a visit.
The prices are a little higher than your typical sandwich places but well worth it.
You will definitely notice the difference in the higher quality of ingredients as well as the freshness of the product.
SHOW ME THE LOVE!
5 STARS

I used to go to Ike's all the time back in California, definitely a top pick and I recommend it to everyone.
This location does not disappoint.
Same great quality and menu, staff is very friendly and upbeat, service is fast.
If you want an awesome sandwich, this is the place to go.

Sandwich perfection!
Enjoy a little slice of San Francisco at Ike's.
With so many options, chances are you'll be able to find something pleasing to your palate.
The first time I came here, I browsed through the vegetarian menu before the employee recommended his favorite, the Captain Kirk (An item from their San Francisco menu, but they will make any SF item for you that they don't have in the Mesa menu).
It was heavenly.
The bread was the right amount of chewiness and crispness, paired with the perfectly crispy breaded faux chicken, cool avocado, orange glaze, and lightly spicy pepper jack cheese.
The crispy lettuce and tomato that came with it also added some texture and temperature difference to complete the loveliness of the sandwich.
While other sandwiches I've had here have been good (The Pilgrim, Handsome Owl), the Captain Kirk is still the best one I've had.
That isn't saying too much though, since there are quite a few other menu items to go through before I proclaim one sandwich my #1 pick!
Service has always been cheerful and friendly, and with a new location opening up in Tempe soon, it will be tempting to go there all the time for my sandwich fix!

So good.
I was craving a true deli sandwich this past weekend for my cheat day and had to try Ikes considering I'm from San Francisco.
My dad and I tried the sf cheesesteak on yummy sourdough and the Matt Cain on the Infamous dutch crunch.
Mmmm.
Whatever that sauce is it's bomb.
My dad says there's less meat on the sandwich compared to the original Delis in the bay area but they're still delicious.
Way better than typical chains around the valley.
Pricey but worth it in my opinion.

Been pretty busy lately so when a friend hit me up to go for sandwiches I took the 10 min drive from Tempe to Ike's in Mesa  A sandwich shop with NorCal Dutch Crunch - OH BABY  Sandwiches are pretty pricey but just having that elusive Dutch Crunch bread makes this sandwich worth it.
Having the option to create anything you want here is an added plus.
I don't remember what I ordered but it came with mozzarella sticks and roast beef and I was pleased.
Sorta sad after talking with the staff that they were supposed to have a location on Mill but it fell through :'( I guess the fine people of Mesa can enjoy this sandwich shop while we settle for the like's of Jimmy John's  Now I can finally say my favorite line from Super Smash Brother's Brawl ~ We Like Ike ('s)  *Edit looks like they are having a location on Mill after all~ Yay!

I've heard about Ike's and my family from SF raved about it.
Yeah..they hyped it up too much for me.
The crunch bread thing was good.
It wasn't to die for or worth swearing by.
There are a lot of sandwiches to choose from on their menu and online.
It's cool they will make a sandwich from any other Ike's store in country.
This would have received 3 stars but they gave us a lot of samples of their sandiwches, so here is another for giving me more food... (yeah, i am easily pleased)

Fantastic sandwiches, especially if you go with the legendary Dutch Crunch bread.
They also have authentic SF sourdough which is very good.
Sandwiches are huge, though quite pricey.
Service can be a bit slow if there's anyone in line ahead of you.
Be aware that all sandwiches are hot "unless otherwise noted".
Found out the hard way when ordering a ham & swiss by phone that I wanted cold - wasn't asked which way I wanted it, so hot it was.
Also had more stuff on it than I asked for.
Still quite tasty though.

Stopped in here based on nearby restaurants on my yelp app.
The 5 stars is no lie, the service we recieved from the cashier was beyond expectations for a sandwich shop.
This guy knew everything about every sandwich and was extremely helpful!
As if the menu posted in the wall isn't enough there are 400 options online.
WTH.
No idea how the can keep all that straight but anyway the sandwiches are really good!
We ordeted a meatball sub (Michael Jordan) a pat Tillman and a bear hug.
I could only eat half cuz my sub was sooo big.
New favorite spot!
Ps.. hapoy hour from 4-7 dine in free drink and chips with your sub.

This place is really good, like, really good.
So I've been here about 3 times now, each trying a different sandwich to see if they can keep a consistent "good" with me.
They do not disappoint.
When you first walk in, odds are you are going to be greeted with 90's or early 2000's music, which gives it a nice vibe.
On the walls is the menu, which doesn't even have every sandwich they can make which you can find online, just tell them the sandwich and they can probably make it.
The nice thing about this place is that they have multiple types of bread to choose from.
They also have their special "Dutch Crunch" that I highly recommend.
The first sandwich I tried was the "Adam Richman".
The second sandwich I tried was the "Nacho Boy" and the third sandwich I tried was the "Kryptonite".
The main thing these three sandwiches have in common is that all the ingredients work well together, everything blended perfectly!
The Adam Richman had Avocado, Fried Chicken, Ham, Pesto, Swiss, and Honey.
Yes, Honey.
The honey worked amazingly with the sandwich, adding a nice sweet tinge to a normally salty sandwich, making the salty sweet combo work well.
The Nacho Boy had Avocado, Mushrooms, Roast Beef, and Swiss.
This one was a little more basic, however the simplicity worked well and the creaminess of the avocado made this sandwich a lot more savory.
Finally, however not last, is the Kryptonite.
This sandwich was really big.
A $26 sandwich containing practically all of their meats and toppings and appetizers jam packed into a sandwich.
It was so big they had to give me two full sandwiches stuffed with the stuff.
Normally, jamming everything into one sandwich doesn't spell success, but this place did it well.
Everything down to the sauce worked together to make something delicious.
I'll probably get another one pretty soon!
Try this place out, you won't regret it.

My friend eats here like almost everyday.
Got me to eat some sandwiches here too and I gotta say, it's delicious.
I think a lot of people think it's delicious too since this place has a 5 STAR rating.
haha.
When I was there last time, there were about 20-30 people waiting in line to order sandwiches.
And they were willing to wait too.
I don't know but the flavor, sauce and texture of the sandwiches are just so GOOD.
The sandwiches are huge too!
It's probably going to cost you a little more than sandwiches from Subway, PotBelly, Capriotti's, etc.
There's a whole lot of different sandwiches you can order (even vegetarian and gluten free) written on the chalkboard but make sure you get the Dutch Crunch bread.
It's really good with a certain crunch to it.
I guess you can visit their website for every item on the menu.
Oh they give you a caramel apple lollipop too with your sandwich to cleanse your palette.
:)  Usually, if you come during non-rush hour times, you don't have to wait in line!

Get ready to go to sandwich heaven.
It doesn't bother me at all to say that The best sandwich I've ever eaten in my 29 years was at Ike's.
With endless combinations, pre recommended Sammie's, and veggie sandwiches you're sure to find something you'll love.
The Dutch crunch bread was outstanding, it almost makes the sandwich.
I would highly recommend this to any veteran sandwich connoisseur or anybody just looking for good eats, you will not be disappointed.

Someone just brought in a tray of sandwiches from ike's and I'm in love!
The bread looked heavenly but I skipped the bread and ate the insides of what I believe were the "sometimes I'm a vegetarian" & "Reggie Jackson" & I'm definitely adding this spot to my regular lunch list!

Been here twice.
The sandwiches are nice.
Dutch Crunch is my new vice.
You get a lot for a decent price.

Oh Ike,   Can't believe I just found that place.
Seriously, just fell in love!
Boyfriend and I went during happy hour, 4-7 everyday.
Includes free chips and drink with sandwich order.
Probably won't go at any other time, the deal makes it that much better.
The lady at the register helped break down the menu for us, I decided on the 111 ménage a trois.
Love, love, love!
Definitely a must try if you like a sweet kick to your sandwiches!
The boyfriend got the bear hug.
That sandwich is seriously genius.
The jalapeño poppers inside are so delicious.
Can't wait to go back and try the different options!
I probably won't be stepping inside of a subway ever again!

After reading the reviews online and gasp- seeing good vegan sandwiches- I knew I had to check this place out.
They make it super convenient for you to order online or by phone.
I tried the "Sometimes I'm a Vegan" gluten-free sandwich.
DELICIOUS.
Can't wait to go back.
I'm going to try and make this a once-a-week thing.
I definitely recommend it.
Very laid-back atmosphere and friendly, accommodating staff.
Plenty of options for everyone too.
Highly recommend!

The best sandwich shop I have ever been to!
I look forward to coming to Mesa not because of the weather or the joy of the satellite office, but because of Ike's.
I've tried the Thanksgiving, the Menage a Trois and the Spiffy Tiffy or something.
Everything has been straight up delicious but the Menage a Trois definitely takes the cake.
As if the sandwiches weren't good enough, the staff is SO friendly and they play 90s and early 00s tracks for a nostalgic trip down memory lane.
WIN.
WIN.
WIN.

Best sandwhich place I have been to in a long time!!
Everything is always fresh and their menu is unbeatable.
The best part is they have vegetarian sandwhich options.
I suggest the Jessica rabbit sandwhich and the meatless mike.
Tried a new pesto sandwhich today!

Decided to visit this place because my wife and I heard it practically had a cult following.
With a 5 star average review it has to be good.
I ended up getting the Tony Soprano and my wife grabbed the Bella.
First off the online photos do not due justice to the size of this sandwich.
It may be 8 inches but it's practically 4 inches across.
We both could have done with sharing one sandwich.
They both were delicious.
We also had their fries of which we were much less impressed.
There wasn't really any seasoning...healthy though since they're baked.
Well definitely visit again but recommend skipping the fries.

I went right after the lunch rush.
The staff was friendly and helped me with my order.
I had the Shawn Michaels and it was probably the best sandwich I've had in years.
It was a combination of steak, bacon, and mozzarella sticks on sourdough bread.
I inhaled my sandwich, it was that good.
I spoke to Chase, one of the managers, for a few minutes and I told him how impressed I was with the food and service.
If you're in the Phoenix area for a vacation or you're a local, make sure you schedule a stop here.

This place lives up the hype!
VERY tasty sandwiches - I've only tried the Bella so far but it was awesome.
Definitely a lot of food, and I'll probably skip the chips next time.
The staff were really cool and friendly.
I'll definitely go back and try some of the other sandwiches!

This place does have a huge variety of subs.
I had # 1 & it was tasty.
But subs are way too pricey.
For a sandwich around $10 you still have to buy chips & drinks, & it doesn't even come with a piece of pickle.
Onion rings we ordered were not the best either.

The absolute BEST sandwiches that money can buy!
Make sure you get Dutch Crunch bread.
I'm a fan of the Tony Soprano but I don't think you can go wrong with anything here.
The root beer is pretty good too...

Got the Adam Richman on Sourdough, it was so good!
I could'nt even finish the whole thing it is so big.
My hubby got the Shawn Michael with jalapeño poppers and he enjoyed that, but said he liked mine more.
The staff is extremely polite here and very enthusiastic....and we got to jam to music we grew up on in the 90s early 00s.
Overall we will be back!

I  got to know that this sandwich shop originally hailed from SF - and the only location so far is out in Mesa.
Have to say - the size of these sandwiches were monstrous!
Putting two halves together is a size I can't fathom!
$10 for a sandwich that big - seriously?!?!
Awesome deal I think.
The sandwich itself?
Quite good!
The sandwich bread was "Dutch" so quite crunchy but tasty at the same time.
Vegetarians - there is a whole section devoted for us on the menu!!
The bear hug was supposed to have vegan breaded chicken as the patty but since they were out of stock, ended up getting vegan turkey.
I didn't really mind if it was chicken or turkey because at the end the soy products end up tasting the same.
Have nothing to compare it to!
None the less, the sandwich was delicious and I loved the touch of stuffed jalapeño poppers in the bear hug sandwich!
Wow!
To finish every sandwich meal, they throw in a caramel apple lollipop - sweet end to a large meal!

Super friendly staff, good atmosphere and a good change from the other places around here.
The sandwich was really fu@$#ng good.
I am going to try them all.

There is a reason why this sandwich place has 5 stars.
There are a ton of original sandwich creations to save you from submarine boredom.
The bread is "par" baked (as in partially) and then finished baking to order so it comes out fresh and fabulous.
There are a ton of vegetarian and vegan options if that floats your boat, and their website makes it easy to find them with their search filter.
The staff was almost frighteningly friendly--not as intrusive as Dutch bros, but still oddly happy to see you, and chomping at the bit to walk you through the menu.
During "happy hour" kettle chips and a drink are free if you eat in...it's not alcohol but it's a nice perk.
It may come on the cheap to them because they have their own brand of soda pop instead of being slaves to Coca-Cola or appearing cheap with Pepsi, but their brand was sufficient to my taste buds.
Don't feed the subway monster, check out Ike's--they really do love their sandwiches!

I really can't add more than what others have said.
My daugher suggested this place and swore it was great- and it was!
Super delicious!
I had a Kevin Bacon (BLT and pepper jack cheese) I added jalapenos and it was Wonderful!
I wasn't crazy about their fried zucchini- but everyone else liked it, so it must be me and I don't want to knock them on my taste preferences.
We also got a drink and chips included in happy hour.
Are they a little bit more for a sandwhich?
Maybe a little but we would spend the same amount at Firehouse with chips and drinks, so its not outrageous.
I would suggest going to the website first to browse the menu- there are a ton of sandwhiches and it could take awhile to decide.

We tried Ike's for the first time yesterday.
The menu is kind of overwhelming for first-time visitors, but once we looked it over, we were able to find something we liked.
I had the Bear Hug on Dutch Crunch bread.
I liked the "Happy Hour" special where you get free chips and a drink from 4-7.
It's kind of hidden in a shopping center near Fiesta Mall, where some of the businesses have closed.
We'll definitely go back if we're in the area.

I live in Tucson, but every time I come to Phoenix I make sure to eat at Ike's.
The first thing I noticed during my first visit was how extraordinary the service as (and this isn't even a dine-in place).
The guy behind the counter greeted us genuinely and everyone else working seemed happy to be there.
After we put in our order, we ended up talking to the cashier for like 30 more minutes!
Every interaction is genuine and enthusiastic, which is really something unique.
And goodness...the sandwiches.
I was so impressed with how many options there were for people of all different diets.
Halal chicken, vegetarian, vegan, and plenty for meat lovers.
The options are literally endless.
The sandwiches are HUGE and make my heart happy.
And to top it off, they give you free caramel apple lollipops!
What an awesome little perk.
Overall, if you live in the Phoenix area you MUST try eating here.

Great sandwiches...make sure you get their dutch crunch bread because it's awesome.
They lose a star because the three times I've been, it's been impossible to find a clean table.
And they never responded to my request for nutrition info :(

I don't throw the following sentence out very often but when I do, I mean business so here it goes...I had the best sandwich I've ever eaten here.
I am not exaggerating.
So if you stop reading this review right this second, at least you know and now you can you get into the car, make your way to Mesa and try one for yourself.
So on to the rest of the review.
I've been lucky enough to have an Ike's sandwich in SF and couldn't believe my eyes when I found out they were moving to Arizona.
Their location is a bit of a drive for me, but the sandwich truly makes it worth it.
Here's how the experience works.
This is a casual sandwich eatery where you can come in solo, order and take it to go, or dine in with a couple friends.
Anything goes at Ike's.
Now, when you walk in, you'll immediately be overwhelmed by a board listing off a variety of every sandwich combo imaginable and it's not your run of the mill sandwich combo.
No way.
It's a combo of everything good in life that's put in between two slices of bread and served either hot or cold, depending on your sandwich.
I suggest looking at Yelp reviews, pictures and the menu before you arrive to avoid major menu anxiety like I experienced.
Also, note that every sandwich has a hilariously funky name so you might get lost in translation just simply reading the names!
Once you've made your sandwich selection, you'll order at the counter from one of the incredibly friendly staff and they are truly genuinely friendly!
It was such a breath of fresh air to experience a sandwich at Ike's.
The decor is just as fun and funky as the staff and sandwich choices and be sure to look on your napkin holder because it will tell you something pretty about you!
Now on to the best part, the sandwich.
I don't even know where to begin.
First, they serve this special bread that typically can only be found in N. Cal and it's amazing.
Cheese is baked into the bread.
I tried the Bella which is their most popular and I'm not surprised.
It's a combo of chicken that has been slow-cooked for several hours and then tossed in this delicious honey mustard.
Then they top it with cheese, avocado and this special mayo spread.
I suggest adding some hot sauce to it.
It's served hot and it is large and in charge, so unless you're ready for a last supper meal you will probably have some left-overs or your might want to share.
It's worth every single calorie consumed and then some.
Now, although this is about a 15-20 minute drive from my house, I will absolutely be visiting on a regular basis and can't wait for them to open additional locations!
PS - if you get lost, it's across the street from the mall!

Wonderful place.
So many items to choose from.
Even their vegetarian menu is extensive.
Hundreds of different sandwiches.
Their Dutch crunch bread is the Bomb.
A go to place if you are in Mesa.
I'll be sure return.

Wow!
The sandwiches at Ike's are amazing.
When I heard about this place, I was intrigued.
When I found out they had vegan cheese (hooray for the lactose intolerant crowd!
), I was even more excited to try it.
Walking in, it's a little overwhelming.
The menu board has tons of options and that isn't all of the possibilities.
The biggest complaint I hear about this place is the price.
But the sandwiches are so delicious - you get what you pay for.
Or go during Happy Hour.
You get chips and a drink for free when you eat at the restaurant.
Honestly, one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.
I cannot recommend this place enough.
Got a food allergy?
No problem.
You're going to leave this place stuffed and happy.

This place is worth the drive if you're not that close to the Fiesta Mall area.
Just had the Bear Hug and it was amazing.
Jalepeno poppers on a sandwhich might sound weird but it just works the way they do it.. so good.
Kind of a lot of bread but the sourdough is as good as any I've had.
The whole sandwhich is huge, could prob split with somone.
I'll definitely be going back, and I've already FB'd it.

I always love a place where the employees look like they're having a good time, and Ike's had it!
Rachel was the best - not only really enthusiastic and attentive, but also a lot of fun.
We got the Bear Hug and the Spiffy Tiffy .
Both were fantastic and the dutch crumble bread tasted like a buttery biscuit.
All the ingredients tasted fresh and high-quality, especially the pesto.
Large portions, though, so we got a dinner out of it, too.
A little pricey, but definitely worth it, especially because we happened to get there during happy hour (4pm-7pm, I think) so we got a free drink and chips.
They also give a caramel apple pop with the sandwich.
Can't wait for the new location opening soon on Mill Ave!

Having read many great reviews, my wife and I were excited to try Ike's but we were seriously disappointed.
The sandwiches, a Matt Cain and a Meatless Mike, were just OK. And,  the price was simply too high for what you get.
Two sandwiches, a side of Jalepeno poppers and one drink was $25.
Setting cost aside, the sauces overwhelmed the rest of the sandwich.
The bread is better than average, however, not stellar.
While we would not say this is a place to avoid, many seem to like it, we would not put Ike's on our recommended list.
The local grown Sacks Art of Sandwicherie would have to be our pick to click in the greater Phoenix area.

These sandwiches are pure genius.
I have never seen so many unique combinations between two pieces of bread.
I have always wanted to try Ike's place, since I heard so much about it from SF people, that when they opened up only 2 miles from my house, the expectations were set so high.
I ordered off the menu from a SF staple, If I were Cute, which has chicken, pesto, bacon, cheddar, and mozz sticks!
Of course on dutch crunch with dirty sauce.
It was pure heaven.
I haven't tried any of their other sandwiches because the continued orgasm from this sandwich still get me.
Maybe I'll venture out in the future but for now I have found my love.
The staff is beyond awesome.
Everyone has a super chipper, positive attitude that you can't just help but let it rub off on you.
Now all they need to do is open one in the Chicagoland area!

I love Ike's!
They prepare a whole new level of sandwich.
My husband and I enjoy eating here.
It is a  nice place, happy atmosphere, and friendly crew:-) My favorite is called the Bear Hug!

Checked this place out over the weekend.
I had noticed it a few days ago and decided to check out a menu online and I was amazed at all of their vegan options.
I went in without a clue in the world on what to eat.
The staff was extremely helpful and patient with my inability to make up my mind on which sandwich I wanted.
I got the vegan meatball sandwich and it was delicious!
They were out of Daiya cheese but the sandwich was great without it!
I have to say I am blown away by how great the customer service was.
This place is AWESOME!
I really hope that this place sticks around because almost everything around them has closed down.
Great food, great service!

The variety of sandwiches here will spin your head, but over the course of several meals I have discovered you can't really go wrong with any of them.
Fresh ingredients and thoughtful combinations create some amazing flavor profiles.
Anything with their mayo based dirty sauce and dutch crunch bread is a dinner in my books.
The sandwiches are pricier than you have come to expect from places like jimmy johns, but they are massive portions worth every penny.
Highly recommended.

