Great pizza.
I've been there 3 times since we discovered it 10 days ago.
The crust, the sauce and the toppings are all excellent and authentic.
I love how the outer crust is perfectly crispy yet soft in the middle, perfect to fold; as god intended pizza to be eaten.

Same rings, same great pizza!
The same owners as the ones in N Phoenix have reopened at Bell & Thompson Peak!!

Yum!
Stopped in after a WestWorld event.
This was some seriously good pizza.
The crust was crisp and the sauce and toppings were good.
Just the right amount of cheese.
It seemed like they were a little unorganized, which we later found out that they've just re - opened.
There are still a few timing kinks to work out, but the food was delicious.
I had a couple of slices and the hubs had wings.
These slices were so good that I can't wait to try a whole pie!
Unfortunately they aren't nearby our home, but this won't be my last WestWorld event so I'll be back.
(They're closed on Sundays, bummer because I would have made my next visit today after WW)

We've picked up takeout a few times and had them deliver once.
The pizza is really very good.
I like their thin crust, it's nice and crispy and the sauce has a good flavor.
My husband tried the chicken parm today, it's a big sandwich with nice quality chicken and he thought it was delicious.
After our first pie, we decided that the pizza was somewhere between MA and NJ style pie, it turns out the owner is from CT.
Delivery was fast but they have good parking here and it's incredibly convenient to be able to run into the grocery store around the corner while you're waiting.
It's a typical store front pizza place with a limited menu, nothing fancy.
The pizza is 18" and freezes/reheats perfectly.
As with most places, the slices from  a full pizza are better than the slices sold individually so you're better off getting a whole pizza - at least the first time.

found this place and glad I did.
I have gone back a few times and the pizza and sandwiches are good.
I would highly recommend this place.

We tried the Italian beef sandwich today and all I can say is WOW.
The beef was lean and sliced thin with onions, spicy peppers and melted cheese.
The roll was outstanding, light and fluffy with a crispy outside.
A side of au jus that had a nice flavor and wasn't too salty.
The sandwich itself is gigantic, more than enough for two people.
Grabbed a couple of slices too and they were delicious as usual.
As I mentioned before, the location is awesome because they have good parking and the grocery store is right around the corner.
If you live in the area you are missing out if you haven't tried Rochellis!

Best pizza, calzones and sandwiches in town.
My favorite is a sausage (housemade), mushrooms (fresh not canned crap), and onion pizza.
And you must NOT miss the onion rings.
Casual place to pick up and take home, or hang out and have a slice.
Skip the mass-produced plastic crap and come here to get real pizza.

I've worked at Rochelli's for about a month and a half now and I can honestly say it's the best job I've ever had, the owner, Mark, is at the restaurant almost everyday.
If he isn't there then his son Ryan is.
Both of them are great fun people to work with and they make delicious food.
Mark is the biggest sweetheart,  he wants to make sure every customer is happy and satisfied, he works really hard making almost everything from scratch and he truly appreciates every customer that walks through the door.
Overall, the restaurant is one of my favorite places in all of Scottsdale, Not only are the sandwiches, wings and pizza to die for, but, everyone who works there with me is funny, kind and just great to be around.

