A friend and I wanted to try this place out after having lunch just down the way.
The staff was very friendly and took the time to explain all their goodies in the case.
They offered us a complimentary cake bite since it was our first visit.
We both tried the salted caramel with peanut butter and my oh my was it delicious!
I ordered half a dozen cookies to take home and share with others.
The chocolate coconut was one of my favorites and tastes similar to an Almond Joy.
I'm a sucker for iced oatmeal cookies so that one didn't disappoint either.
I personally favored the traditional icing on the sugar cookie vs the cream cheese but both were really tasty.
I will definitely be going back especially next time I have a sweet tooth or need a sweet treat as a gift.

Cupcakes and cake bites are great, though the red velvet needs some work.
While not a selling point for me, they have milk on tap to wash the goodies down.

I love this place!
The decor is so cute, pretty, and had a clean look.
We got the half Dozen which was perfect for a family of five.
The employs are very nice and cater to your needs.
The line was kinda long but it was not their fault more of the picky,can never make up their minds customers they had!
Not a big selection of cupcakes but they just opened so I think in time it will get a bigger selection.
If you have a big party with you I would not eat there space is limited for eating but fits good for a small group around three people.
This place is for sure my new cupcake place.
Keep up the good work guys you have a wonderful place!

Came here for the first time.
It's a nice little place.
All of the cupcakes and cookies look amazing.
I got the Samoa cupcake and my friends got the Nutella crepe, those were some of the best cupcakes I ever tasted.

Delicious cupcakes!!!!
If you Love cupcakes, this is the place for you!!!!
Great customer service.
Very clean!

Went to the grand opening in Gilbert to make my wife happy .
Pretty good baked goods... which is saying something since I don't like dessert.
I like the little bites they have.
If you are into sweets give them a try!

I was a little bugged that this location (Gilbert) refused to stamp my "Customer Loyalty  Rewards card.
" It states on the card "redeemable at any Sweet Tooth Fairy Location.
" Clearly that is not the case, sad!
Here are the things i tried.......  - Strawberry Shortcake Cupcake: The vanilla cake was moist and the strawberry frosting was pretty tasty too.
*I liked this cupcake a lot.
- Nutella Crepe: Honestly I wasn't all that impressed with this cupcake, personally I didn't think the flavor profile was strong enough.
It was rather bland.
- Gluten Free Mint Chocolate Cakebites: I was surprised these were GF, they were moist like the normal cakebites and very flavorful.
* I am a fan of these little bites of deliciousness.
It's nice that they have Gluten Free options, this place is CRAZY busy in the evenings so be prepared to stand and wait in line for a while.
The shop is cute, the staff is very personable and the quality is good too.
This place is A-Ok.

I'm not a "sweets" person, but my family sure is!
I've had a couple of bites of their cupcakes and the taste was delightful.
However, I have hard time getting past the pricing.
I get making a profit, but I really don't want to spend a small fortune on 4 cupcakes I won't even eat!

So cute inside!
Good service, the cupcakes were not dry and very pretty.
The frosting was a little too sweet for my taste, but yummy all the same.
Try the peanut butter cookies!
They were delicious!
Me and the hubby will definitely stop in again and try something on one of our cheat days!

Vanilla cupcakes should not taste like almonds - disappointed.
The sugar cookie also tasted like almonds - disappointed.
The black and white cookie - frosting was almond :-( disappointed.
The Red Velvet cupcake was good!
The decor and feel of the place was resort-like  Please dump the almond extract!

The staff is very friendly (5 stars for great, friendly service).
The 2 star rating is mostly for the cupcakes and cakebites.
I've had much better cupcakes at other bakeries around the area (Designer Cakes by April on Market Street are amazing) .
The Sweet Tooth Fairy cupcakes were dry and the texture was too tough and the frosting was too sweet.
The cakebites were lacking in flavor.
Do not get the crème brulee cupcake.
It's totally lacking in flavor and the frosting is weird.
The sugar cookies were soft and a really nice texture but I do not like almond flavoring, which is on the black and white cookie and the vanilla cupcake too.
If you do like almond flavoring, then you will probably like the sugar cookies.
The best thing I tasted at Sweet Tooth Fairy were the bars with cream cheese in the center and cinnamon/sugar topping.
I would go back for those.
Those get 5 stars.

This place is a wonderful addition to Gilbert!
Spencer, one of the owners, greeted us when we walked in and promptly got behind the counter to help us.
The Salted Caramel Cake Bite was delicious!
Just the right amount of sweetness after dinner.
The desserts, decor and people are first-rate!
I'll definitely be going back!

I love The Sweet Tooth Fairy!
I've been to this location twice and both times I had excellent customer service and the yummiest treat!
First I had the original sugar cookie which was very good.
Not too much frosting which is how I like it!
Then today is my BIRTHDAY and since I had signed up to receive the emails, I got a free cupcake!!
I chose cookie dough and it was to die for!
Will definitely return for another!

Had stumbled on this little shop by accident on our way to a place close by.
We went there for dessert and they gave us a free piece called a bite.
A lot of flavors salted Carmel , carrot cake , lemon, etc.
Was so good.
They have bites , brownies , cupcakes.
This place is a go to place over and over if you catch my drift.
Great tasting and worth stoping at  :)

I was looking for sumthin sweet while visiting the SIL in Gilbert.
Found STF on Yelp and being opened late appealed to me.
We bought a baker's dozen of assorted cupcakes and half a dozen of GF cake bites for the SIL and a couple of cookies totaling $49...yikes!
Everything we got were all too sweet for me...I wish they don't all have the butter cream texture frosting on it.
It would've been nice to have some cream cheese based frosting to keep it from being too sweet.
The cupcake itself is just ok..I was waiting to be blown away after seeing they had won the cupcake wars but that didn't happen for me.
On the plus side I love the decor inside and having a milk and choc milk dispenser on the counter.
Overall an ok experience and a good place to go to when craving sweets late in the evening.

Last fall my BFF surprised me with cake bites from The Sweet Tooth Fairy when she was visiting Salt Lake City.
I hadn't heard of them before but she was RAVING about them.
I had a mix of peanut butter, salted caramel, red velvet & I can't really remember the other flavors but I was in cake bite heaven with them!
I'm not ashamed to say that I finished off the package she gave me in less than 2 days.
I've dreamt of these delicious morsels since I last had them!
Fast forward to a few weeks ago, I was in Mesa & remembered reading that STF was opening up so I checked them out online & sure enough, they were open!
Yay!
The inside of this store is absolutely adorable, they even have milk on tap!
The cases were full of cake bites, cookies & cupcakes.
So much yummy in one spot.
I ordered some lemon, peanut butter, carrot cake & salted caramel cake bites to go.
Lady behind the counter was so friendly & even gave us some samples of the cake bites.
They were just as amazing as I remembered them!
I'm sad this location is so far from me because the treats are freaking amazing BUT on the other hand, my waistline is thanking them for not being close!

Oh lord my calorie counting is in trouble.
As I write this,  I am inhaling the thin mint cupcake.
Words cannot describe the party that is going down in my mouth.
You can never eat a regular ole plain thin mint again.
My love handles are going no where soon.
Highly recommended.
Super cute shop.
Very friendly staff.
A little pricey but they are delicious.

Delicious!!!
This place is located in the oldest rundown looking plaza, but it looks totally different once you get inside!
The decoration is super cute and bright with light pastels, jars of homemade candy like hand pulled toffee and lollipops.
The smells of fresh baked good overwhelmed me and made my mouth water!
It was my first visit so I got a free cake bite.
These are basically little flat chocolate covered cake pieces.
I got the cinnamon churro which was delicious!
It has a denser consistency than cake but the taste is amazing.
Too bad I was too full to try any of the cupcakes but I shall return!!!
and then update my review... :)

I just visited The Sweet Tooth Fairy for the first time this morning.
It is absolutely adorable - the inside reminds me of something I'd see on Main Street at Disneyland (this is a good thing).
I tried the cake bites - they were so delicious!
Very rich, but excellent.
**Update**  We recently returned as we were having a party and needed some treats for our guests.
We were unaware of the 2 day notice for the Twix bars and cake bites, but the baker kindly accommodated our short notice (which was the next day).
Excellent customer service.
It's hard to say anything negative about this place but if I were to point out the less than perfect, I'd say it's a bit highly priced but obviously not weren't bad enough to keep me away after my first visit.

Loved the welcome surprise!
A sample of their cake bites on the house!
We tried the strawberry shortcake and toasted coconut cupcake, the bread was delicious!
Moist and flavorful!
The frosting was a little sweet but with the bread it was good!

Love the cupcake selection!
Great place to by someone you love a sweet treat.
The cupcakes are anything but average- tres leches, salted pretzel something , cookie dough, lemon and so on.
They have such a beautiful assortment of flavors.
The artistic work of this cupcakes deserves 5 stars!
However I am more about cake then the frosting so I had to give them 4 stars.
Their cake bites are a bit too sweet for me.
Also I wish they had more vegan options.

Ever since seeing The Sweet Tooth Fairy on Cupcake Wars I wanted to try them.
I just found out there was a gilbert location and was extremely excited.
I don't know if I just got the bad batches or if it was just the store but I wish I could get my money back, that is how disappointed I am.
Strawberry Shortcake: The icing was delicious, tasted just like strawberries.
The cake part however was very greasy.
Pretzel, Chocolate, Carmel (can't remember the name): The topping was extremely greasy and the pretzels were very stale.
The icing had no flavor what so ever.
The chocolate cake had no flavor and I thought it was raw in the middle but it was the caramel that seeped the cake making it soggy.
Red Velvet: EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!
I love red velvet but this was not up to par.
The cake was dense and very rubbery.
The icing tasted more like sweetener than cream cheese.
Banana Split: The cake was absolutely delicious, just perfect!
It had just the right amount of banana but was still light and fluffy.
The icing was just gross, no words to explain except very sweet and chemical flavor.
The chocolate on top=heavenly.
The cherry was cute.
Overall what I finished was the strawberry shortcake frosting and the banana cake.
I will not waste my money there again.
Also the customer service was not that great.
When I walked in I was the only person and had to finally call out to get helped.
It was three teenage girls and they were very unprofessional.

