The customer service here is fantastic.
The location isn't convenient for me but that will not stop me from going back!
The juices are delicious.
Far better than Pressed Juicery & Blue Print Cleanse.
Be Grateful is my favorite so far but I bought 3 others to try as well.

I love The Juice Standard.
It was recommended to me by a coworker who know the owner, Jamie.
Jamie is a delight.
She is knowledgeable and passionate about what she is doing and has quality product to back it up.
I am not a health nut by any means, and I HIGHLY enjoyed them.
I will be returning and telling everyone I know.

Finally!!!!
Soooo excited about this place!
Great customer service and an awesome selection of juice.
Very knowledgable on their product as well.
Vegas finally has a cold pressed juice bar!!!

Two of the most knowledgable people, Jamie and Marcella, are educating and feeding us healthy, oh-so-yummy, cold pressed, raw, organic juices!
I'm so thankful to have such a beautiful juice bar in Las Vegas!

This is exactly what Vegas needs and I've been waiting for it!
I meant to go eventually but I didn't think I would run into it the day after I discovered it on Instagram.
It was my birthday and I went next door for a massage and there it was.
Cute little joint.
Looks like an all natural, organic place and it is!
They have a variety of juices to choose from.
Comes in a few sizes.
Jamie, the lady at the counter basically told me about most of the juices!
She is incredibly knowledgeable of all the products and she told me all about them and the benefits some of the ingredients have.
They bottle the juices in glass jars that are not completely secure with a twist off cap.
It's like a pop on/off cap so she recommended to not put it in your purse and have it standing straight up.
If you bring your bottle back you get a dollar off your next purchase every time.
Juices are made fresh every day also!
I will be coming back more often.
I want to try all of them!

These ladies are pressing up the most delectable dietary delights in Las Vegas!
It's a five star experience all the way to organic nirvana.
HPP means high pressure pressing.
All USDA organic, non GMO.
A lot of their produce is sourced from California, which means a smaller carbon footprint.
Their bottling is either glass (all class) or plastic, and the plastic bottles are, of course, BPA free.
What's not to love?
If that's not enough to entice you, the radiant ladies they have behind the counter (or the adorable Queen Bees that are wandering the floor this afternoon) are incredibly friendly AND knowledgable.
Their concept goes beyond trendy.
When they began to tell me about how certain vitamins will be absorbed 100% because of the pairings with other vegetables, and a mention of trace minerals (87 in BeWhealthy, if you're counting), I knew I had come to the right place!
It's a breath of fresh air having nutrition that makes sense and does work for you, instead of just adding chia seed to everything and calling it healthy.
Their selection of smoothies are limited to a mere four, but they run the gamut of every avenue of nutrition you need.
Fruit based, protein based, veggie based, and fat based (think coconut, avocado).
They have superfood add-ons as well such as chia, hemp, flax, coconut meat, bee pollen, spirulina, nutritional yeast..
The list goes on.
I've tried all but the protein smoothie and can confidently say they are delicious and filling!
I love my liquid lunches on the go.
The space itself is gorgeous and inspiring, the branding and bottling is sexy, the juices are not only good for you, but specifically crafted to be delicious while beneficial to your health.
Bee well!

This place just opened in the southwest area LV.
Im super excited!
The girl at the register helped me with the taste testing of every juice they sell.
Some were amazing and some were ok.
It depends on your choice of taste.
She was very knowledgable on all the drinks.
The juices break down to whats in it and what it is good for.
They have certain memberships if your interested but I was just there for a bottle or two.
I choose the "abundant" and the "royal" $11 a drink.
One nutty and one fruity.
I suggest you taste test before purchasing!
It helps a lot more.
The bottles are glass and if you bring back the glasses you save $1 on your next purchase.
How sweet is that.
I'll be back to purchase more drinks.
They are kinda pricey but think of each drink as a healthy meal replacement.
3/26/14.
A couple days later and I am back to try their juice cleanse!
A one day juice cleanse package is $60, it includes 8 12oz bottles to drink for the full day.
3 WHealthy, 2 Love, 1 Pure, 1 energized, and 1 Magnificent (kinda like dessert for the night).
Me and my boyfriend decided to do it together to see how it feels.
They number the bottles for you to know exactly what you need to drink every 1 1/2- 2 hours.
I'm pretty excited.
A one day cleanse every two weeks or every month would not hurt.
I would do this once a week if I could afford it.
Haha Thank You Jamie for your help!

Green & Good juice from "J" Love - Excellent!
Very nice staff they provided samples of various juices.
All of them tasted pretty good.
I will be back for more Love Juice... aka G&G... and a few others....

I love this place- the packaging is high-quality,  the space is pretty and bee-themed (love the honeycomb chalkboard signage!
), and the juices are downright delicious!
I appreciate the fact that they use high-quality ingredients and source from nearby California, and I especially love that their juices are bottled to take and enjoy over the next few days.
Add in that they're raw, organic, non-HPP, and everything else Gwyneth Paltrow would approve of, and you've got a stellar product.
I recently moved here from the Bay area and was unpleasantly surprised that so many places here in LV claim that they have juice, only to give me an overpriced rinky-dink plastic cup with a non-harmonious medley of fruits and veggies.
I am sorely missing vendors like Juicer Heroes, Project Juice, and the ever-convenient Pressed Juicery.
I am so happy to find a company putting for the quality of product that I expect when I am juicing.
I will admit to being a little put off by pricing- which is $10+/bottle, higher even than trendy Cali prices, by a good 20%.
They have a niche product though, and their portions are slightly larger.
I will definitely be taking advantage of their bottle-return discounts though.
I would like to be able to pull up nutritional info on each particular juice online, as it is not posted on the bottle itself: their website also is well-designed and informative, just as they are in-store.
Overall: service is friendly, space is attractively decorated, and the product itself is high-quality.
I hope to see more local companies picking up the slack and providing more options that are on par with the standard set here at Juice Standard!
I do hope they add some sort of loyalty discount program for frequent juicers as they settle in- I love a liquid lunch but I can't swing $300/month for it.
Favorite juices so far are Bee Effective (greens), Bee On Point, and Bee Loved.

My husband and I went in her after I saw a couple people upload pictures on Instagram of her shop!
I have drank Suja juice for the past couple months which  is originally from California but they have kind of the same outlook on juicing so i was VERY excited to find somewhere local!
So we began trying a lot of different flavors and she was explaining the benefits of what each vegetable can do for you and how they are HPP, USDA organic and non GMO.
What a concept!!!
There juice is fantastic.
We left with a BeeWHealthy, BeeChill and one more carrot one that was delicious I just can not remember the name.
We finished them all that night!!
Need to go back and get more.
AND if you bring your bottles back you get a discount!!!

I am so happy this juice bar opened up and right in my neighborhood.
I came here during their soft opening and it seemed like they already had some regulars as I noticed them calling someone by name.
When I walked in, I immediately liked the look of the inside with the menu and the pamphlets, cute names of products, and helpful tips with juicing.
The owners were very helpful and Marcella explained to me all about their juices, how they are made, and the benefits.
I appreciated the taste test area because of course we all want to know what we are going to get.
I was interested in a 3 day juice cleanse but seeing that I have never juiced an entire day, I was not sure how I would respond or if I could handle it.
I ended up only doing one day.
The Magnificent- filtered water, raw cashew, agave, vanilla bean, and cinnamon.
perfect at night time when you have been juicing all day.
It felt like a treat and I don't know what it was but I was unable to finish it.
I'm not sure if it was the juice overload or what did it.
I also liked the Energized, the Love, and the one with cayenne pepper.
I like the glass bottle packaging but can I say it does not do well with drinking straight out of the bottle, lots of spills.
Maybe you are expected to pour it or use a straw.
The small plastic bottles are much easier to drink right out of.
I would like to try the juice cleanse again but probably when I don't have to work and can stay home.
I appreciate the $1 off for bringing back the bottles.
I wish they had some sort of loyalty card or system though because the cost is pretty high for me.
I know Marcella mentioned the juices have a 4 day shelf life but I wonder if the date on top was the expiration date or the date made.
My juices had different dates on top.
In all I am happy a healthy place like this opened up near home where I can come get some good quality juice.

i've been waiting for a juice store to open here and this one has everything you'd want.
fresh,  cold-pressed, and(most importantly) delicious juices.
The staff is very knowledgable and helpful with tastings and explanations of what each juice does.
The nut milks are so good!
they'll make you believe you can survive a juice cleanse :P

Love, love this place!!!
I found it by chance because I had just gotten off of a weekend of partying from my bachelorette party and needed to detox and reset my body.
There happened to be a Living Social coupon (different company) for a juice cleanse, so that's what originally sparked my interest.
I always rather support local business, so I yelped juice bars and came across this gem :)  Both owners were there and were so friendly and knowledgable.
Jamie gave us our sampling and explained what each juice does.
We decided to do a 3 day cleanse and it was pretty easy.
The amount, how many bottles a day you drink and the duration between each one I think was the trick.
I could've done more!
Next time, I'll probably do 5 days or maybe even 7.
All the juices tasted great, and I loved the "suggested" order of drinking them.
The magnificent, which was the cashew milk one, was so perfect to end the evening.
I highly recommend this place to anyone looking to reset, recharge or just wants to do something good for their body :)

I absolutely love this place!!!
The girls that own it are so sweet and helpful.
The place is beautiful.
Very welcoming!!!!
I did a 5 day cleanse.
I am not normally the type to go that long on a diet like this without cheating but i actually made it thru the whole 5 days.
The first 3 days were definitely the hardest but after that smooth sailing.
I also work 7 days a week so I thought for sure I wouldn't have enough energy to do it but I was completely fine.
I didn't feel hungry at all.
I drank a juice every 2 hours because I work long days I wanted to stretch it out so I would be starving late at night.
I did this cleanse to reboot my system.
I have been having problems with my thyroid and I wanted to see if detoxing would help.
It definitely did!!!
I feel great and have a ton of energy!!!
Very happy with the results.
I really wasn't expecting to lose much weight doing this considering it was only 5 days but I actually lost 9lbs.
Which I'm thrilled about.
I would recommend this to anyone looking to begin a healthier lifestyle and feel better about themselves.
Happy Juicing:)

OOPS!
To correct my review they are non-HPP!
Important part not to leave out!

Great customer service!!!
We went after a run and got to try the juices before deciding what to get!!
Will definitely come back :)

The owner Jamie is extremely helpful and sweet.
The best juices in Vegas.
The veggie juices are thin and light and the dessert/sweet juices are thick and filling- how they should be(opposite of suja)!

They have the purest juices and smoothies in Vegas.
I've tried nearly every juice bar in town and I make them myself, but I keep coming back to TJS!
Plus, the staff is so informed!
They guide you through all the options in such a friendly and loving way.
It's inspiring to see their passion.
Love this spot!

Their juice cleanse really works.
The first day was a little tough-by the end of the first day I had a headache and was nauseous all night.
I took that as a definite sign that I was detoxing which is what I wanted.
The second day was much easier and I felt a lot better- and by the morning of the third day I felt really good- I also felt like I could keep going on this fast easily for another day or two at least- but unfortunately I had a dinner I had to attend that night so technically I only did it 2.5 days.
It helped get rid of my cravings for unhealthy food and I felt like my mind was much more clear.
Would definitely recommend either a 1 day or 3 day cleanse- I think there is still a great benefit to just a 1 day cleanse- and once you get past the second day it's really easy to do a 3 day cleanse- if you don't start to get sick of juice by then.
Lol I hope to do a 1 day cleanse weekly for a while- or a longer 3-5 day cleanse when I get back from an upcoming trip.
I just love how convenient and high quality their juice is too.

The first time we went here we samples all of the different juices, and the owner sold us on the cleanse package, telling us that if we returned the bottles, that they would give us $1 off per bottle.
When we got home late afternoon, we noticed 4 of the juices expired that day, and we needed to drink them that evening (not thrilled).
We didn't get the chance to drink them all in time before they expired.
We decided for us, we would prefer to go buy the juice that we intend to drink instantly.
When we went back today, we brought the 12 bottles back, and just wanted 2 drinks.
They told us that they would take the 12 bottles ($12 off), but only give us $2 off this order, with a receipt showing an additional 10 bottles returned.
I explained that we only intend to buy drinks as we drink them, so we won't ever buy 12 at a time again.
They said "that's fine, but we can't give you the discount".
Bottom line:  they are willing to give a discount of $1 per bottle returned.
But they will only do it bottle for bottle, meaning that they try to lock you in to buying bulk.
I hate small businesses that hide behind bate-n-lock-in "policy" over common sense and putting the customer first.
Customer service is poor here.

Love it!
The juice tastes good and I love the packaging.
They'll give you $1 off if you bring back your bottles, which I have no intention of doing since I just love them and I repurpose them for my daughter's milk bottles.
I'd love to try the 3 day cleanse, if I ever muster up enough courage to not eat for 3 days (4 hours of not eating is rough for me!

I absolutely love this place !
My first time there was nothing short of amazing.
I forgot the nice guys name that let me sample all the juices to see which ones I liked, but he was really tall and had great customer service !
Super cool concept , I loved the Bee Grateful and the Bee Energized :) I will definitely be back !

Go to whole foods.
This place has a very friendly staff, but thats it.
If you want fresh, then go to whole foods or any of other juice place in the city.
This place does not sell one fresh juice or make anything in front of you.
Everything is pre made and has expiration dates and is very expensive compared to whole foods.
Even the juice place inside the palazzo hotel is cheaper than this place.
Stay clear.
Whole foods is right down the street on ft apache and Charleston.
This owner needs to re think the way her operation is run and her prices which she thinks is justifiable, but every other juice bar i have been to in vegas and California are cheaper and fresher, maybe because its always slow that she has to jack up the prices.
Who knows.
Edit: 7-2-14 So, I stop by Jamba juice and have a much fresher vegetable juice made right in front of me for half the price of the juice standard.
I wonder who keeps writing all the good reviews for the juice standard?
The owners friends?
I just dont understand the 5 stars from people.

The Juice Standard has a great product and although a higher price range to some, the price for your health is infinite.
The friendly staff is always eager to answer questions and the atmosphere is great.
Well done!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(135/365) "The Healthy Meal Replacement"  This is a great spot to fuel up after a a$$-whoopin' workout!
Case and point?
After a good a$$-whooping at Decibel Crossfit, I was beyond hungry and needed to refuel muy pronto!
The Juice Standard was the first thing that popped up on my Yelp App and I figured I'd use the opportunity to delete a bookmark then seek out a lunch spot.
Owners Jaime and Marcella are two blessings in disguise that bring a much needed product to Vegas, as we unfortunately live in a city where GMO, processed and HFC drink options are everywhere, and the Juice Standard is a very refreshing option.
Depending on what you are looking for, there are different combinations and blends to fit your needs, and there's even samples upfront for you to try before making a purchase.
I tried a green one which was a little too grassy for me at that moment then a few more after that.
I managed to settle on the Grateful and Excellent blends.
After a few sips of the Grateful blend (I shared the Excellent blend with wifey the next day), I actually felt my hunger disappear!
It probably has to do with the HPP process, and your body absorbs and retain the healthy nutrients quicker.
They also have juice cleansing packets if you choose to do so.
Blends are $10-$11(16.9 ounces) with a four day shelf life(From the date processed) and a $1 deposit for every returned bottle.
Give the Juice Standard a try and do your health a favor, ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  5 *Sip and savor your juice...DO NOT CHUG!!

I'm not a big fan of juicing at home - things just end up warm and messy.
Instead, I prefer making a green smoothie every morning with my handy-dandy Vitamix.
However, a month before my wedding, I got really sick/tired/cranky/lazy.
I had people staying at my house during my bachelorette party and didn't want to make them up with my VItamix.
Instead, I snuck out of the house in the early morning and went to The Juice Standard for the first time.
I got their Bee WHealthy and Bee Energized drinks to power me through the weekend, and thank god I did!
My husband hates juices too, but I bought him a couple for the weekend and he was hooked as well.
The two owners of the store are great people who are clearly passionate about what they're doing The workers here are very well-informed and will also let you sample anything you'd like to try.
For the weeks leading to the wedding, it was just so much more convenient to pop in here and grab a few juices just in case we found ourselves not being health-conscious with our eating habits.
Juices are a bit pricey, but their packaging is high-quality and keeps the juices really cold when transporting them.
You can also earn some redemption dollars by giving back any used bottle ($1 off a future purchase for every bottle you return).
Don't forget to grab a couple of their tall straws while you're in there, it's just so much easier drinking the juices with them!

Not only are they serving beautiful juices but because it is %100 organic they are contributing to mankind and the love !
Full of wholesome sustenance; these pure juices make love to you.
lol

The Juice Standard is a nice, tiny shop that sells juice bottles as the name suggests.
100% organic, tastes good, and understandably, prices are on the high end.

The juices are decent, but the smoothies are not good.
I've tried the Berry and the Green one, both were gross and I threw them out.
They are so watered down with almond milk and coconut water that they taste bland.

I'm addicted to this place!
Love rehydrating here and getting protein after workouts.
The staff is super helpful and they have so many juices to choose from they can cater to your needs.
Can get pricey tho.
That's the only reason I didn't give 5 stars.
Two big thumbs up!

I did it!
Well for one day I did, And I would do it again.
With the exception of one juice called love (carrot, celery, parsley & spinach) that I didn't love I was able to chug all 8 down easily.
And the last one of the day, the cashew nut milk, was delicious!
What a great way to finish the cleanse.
I know I will be back to buy the nut milk for daily pleasure & I'm confident I will do another cleanse soon.
Maybe two days next time.

I love this place..
I come her almost daily on my lunch break.. Great product, great customer service, and a wealth of knowledge

