I was so very skeptical.
Magic Wok took over the worn and drab Wong's Garden.
Wong's Garden once was a great place to eat.
For the last few years, the food was awful.
I was so excited to read that the business had been sold and the restaurant would serve Chinese food.
The restaurant seemed brighter and cleaner.
Maybe it was a fresh coat of paint but whatever they did, it sure helped.
Good Chinese food is a very personal matter and can span a variety of presentations.
I love the old school Chinese, moo-shu, mapo, kung pao, if the food is cooked well.
Dishes should have loads of veggies that still have some crunch and sauce with plenty of flavor.
I also love the more authentic Chinese food that you find at Ichiban on Park St.  Magic Wok was the former; egg rolls, won-ton soup, lo mein and plenty more.
I visited Magic Wok with two of my neighbors.
One is amazingly picky.
We all put the owner through her paces, asking a million questions and making special requests.
Thank goodness it wasn't busy.
She was patient, informative and friendly.
Her husband was in the back doing the cooking and he did a damn good job  I had the orange tofu.
The tofu was lightly fried, crispy on the outside soft in the center.
It came with broccoli (still crunchy) and a lovely orange sauce.
It was really good.
We also ordered the Stir Fried Pan Fried Egg Noodles with Chicken.
The noodles were super crispy topped with chicken and loads of veggies and a full-flavored brown sauce.
Over time those crispy noodles soaked up that yummy sauce.
We wished the dish came with a little more sauce.
Finally, we also ate the Kung Pao Chicken.
The chicken was plentiful as were the veggies.
The peanuts added some crunch and salt to this spicy dish.
It too was a hit.
I love my neighborhood, replete with good food.
I am a fan of Ha Long Bay and Wah-Kee but I am happy to have a good Chinese restaurant right within my reach.
I wish them the best and encourage them to keep up the good work.
I shall return.

Heard about Magic Wok opening on Atwood so my husband and I decided to give them a try.
We were pleasantly surprised.
We started with Wonton Soup and Eggrolls.
The soup was delicious and there was plenty for both of us and enough for a couple of bowls at home.
The eggrolls were crispy and very flavorful.
Enjoyed it a lot.
I had the Orange Chicken, but was skeptical because it's usually a hot and spicy dish, but they told me they would do it without the heat.
It was amazing, perhaps the best Orange Chicken I've had anywhere.
The portions are large, so I brought enough home for four lunches.
My husband also thoroughly enjoyed his Lo Mein.
We can't wait to go back.

Snagged some takeout last week and was impressed enough to give it another try!
The location seems doomed, for the year and a half I've lived in the neighborhood there's never anybody inside.
Though the staff was a lot nicer than I recall when it was Wong's.
Prices are a bit high in my opinion given that the quality of the food isn't great.
But it's a nice alternative to China Wok on Fordem if you're looking for something fast to pick up.

Some fresh crunchy veggies added to the common fare made our dishes more enjoyable.
Fast takeout!

If you loved the food at Orient House before the ownership change, this is the place for you.
The cook and his wife were the back of the house at the old Orient House.
Tried them for the first time tonite and were recognized immediately by the wife who tends the front of the house.
Here's what we just had:  Chicken with Sweet Corn Soup is great with lots of chicken in the rich broth.
The Hot and Sour soup needed a little salt but had lots of veggies, tofu and cloud ear mushroom.
If you ask for a big bowl of it, it is BIG!
The steamed dumplings were some of the largest I ever saw, filled with a golf ball size helping of ground pork well cooked and seasoned; the wrapper was not thick and doughy like many dumplings and pot stickers.
And there were six dumplings instead of an odd amount, making sharing as a couple nicer.
WARNING--the portions are HUGE for the entrees.
The Moo Shu chicken had lots of chicken and crisp veggies, not too wet to keep the wrappers together.
The wrappers did not seem to be house made and were thicker but were definitely not the tortilla wrappers Orient House uses now.
It comes with four wrappers but there is enough Moo Shu for at least double that number.
They also bring you a nice amount of white rice to help you finish the remaining Moo Shu.
I had the Orange Pork which came with an overly generous amount of stir fried pork in the sweet brown orange sauce with slices of orange peel in case you are into that (my peel wasn't bitter, either).
It also included broccoli florets which were crisp and bright green.
We also ordered the Sautéed Green String Beans from the vegetable section of the menu.
The beans were large and crispy with that same light sauce as Orient House but without the ground pork.
A definite keeper.
One of the things we used to enjoy about Orient House were the traditional Chinese dishes that reminded me of the wonderful food on my trips there.
I was devastated when I could no longer get my Scrambled Egg and Tomato.
So taking my old OH menu with me, I asked if the cook could make some for me and I was thrilled to again have a source for one of my favorite dishes.
It is just the cook and his wife running the restaurant so it may take a little longer for service but the food is definitely worth the wait.
I was told if we wanted to have any of the old traditional dishes prepared, just let them know ahead of time and they will be sure to have the ingredients, so that's exactly what we intend to do.
While the traditional dishes are not on the menu, from our experience ordering off the regular menu tonite, the food is high quality and well worth the trip to the east side.
The restaurant has been brightened up and is more inviting now, although the street front could use better branding so you know what you're looking at.
All in all, this will be a regular stop for us now and can't wait to tell our friends that we can once again dine on excellent Chinese fare at Magic Wok.
Give it a try.

