After one bite of Momma C's lasagna, I was in love!
This is a cute family-run restaurant.
We hit them up on one of their first nights open.
My wife had the Chicken Slouvlki and it was excellent.
(The table next to us all ordered the same thing.
They were friends from a local Greek church and they recommended the Greek items!
) But man I'll tell you - I dreamed of that lasagna last night.
It arrived steaming hot with cheese perfectly browned.
The sauce was obviously home-made... Just a bit spicy.
Wow... Great stuff.
For dessert we stayed with the recommendation of the other table and got baklava.
Yum!
This new restaurant shows a lot of promise.
We want to try breakfast next.

Great new casual place has big menu, good portions and reasonable prices.
Had the eggplant pram sandwich.
Loaded eggplant with melted cheese on freshly toasted roll.
Will come back to check out breakfast.
Parking is easy and staff is real friendly.
Check it out.

Nice family restaurant.
The Denver omelette was delicious.

Nice little family run restaurant, you get the home vibe from it.
Seems like the diners u see in movies.
I hope these place sticks around.
I'll be back

Have now been there twice and both times have been great.
I am hoping that people will stop by and give this place a try.
I know that the two previous restaurants failed and would hate to see a similar fate.
The last visit they brought out complimentary spanakopita which they hopefully will be adding to the menu.
I have never had before but it was delicious.
Have had the Scampi which was very good and both visits my guests and I have cleaned our plates.
They are open for breakfast so I am hoping to be there again soon for that.
I urge people to stop by and they will not be disappointed!

Causal and cozy little family style restaurant, good food and good prices.
They even have baklava for dessert!
The staff was really friendly, we'll definitely be back.

My fiancée lives nearby so we decided to try this place out.
I ordered the cheeseburger and she had the fried zucchini and gyro.
We both had fries as well.
The service was real good although we were only one of two couples in at the time.
The food was pretty good.
A little bit pricey, but the food was pretty good overall.

We were trying to figure out read some Yelp reviews and ended up here.
At first when we drove up the place looks closed - could be the very dark tinted windows.
However, once inside the place was empty.
About 20 minutes in 3 more families came in.
Slow night since it was already 6:35pm.
The chicken noodle soup was amazing.
My 2 year old got another bowl - it was that good.
The fried pickles and chicken tenders was just okay since it was cut in quarters instead of sliced chips.
My wife loved the broiled chicken on rice.
I tasted it and it was very flavorfull.
Meatball sub was delicious as my daughter devoured 3/4 of a 9 inch sub topped with massive cheese.
I ordered rib eye cooked medium but it came out well done.
I sent it back and 2nd time was the charm.
Rib eye was cooked perfect, however my entire family was already done.
This was the reason I took a star away.
Karen our waitress was super friendly and did an excellent job making sure we were taken care of.
Very excited to try something new on the next visit.
Happy Eating!!

Eating at e&n for the first time.
Its very good.
The chicken sicilan soup and fried pickles are delicious.
The meatball sub was very good too.
The meatballs were very flavorful and was complemented by the sauce.
Nice crusty bread.
We will definitely be back.

We decided to drop in after this restaurant was recommended to my dad by a friend.
The place is moderately spacious but really homey - great for families.
We ordered two gyros and the chicken souvlaki to go.
The souvlaki was delicious, as were the fries on the side.
My dad, a born-and-raised Greek, said the gyro was fantastic.
The owners were so kind and welcoming, really wonderful people.
To top it all off, we got a pretty hefty amount of food for a great price.
Highly recommended!

Done a lot of drive bys and decided to check it out.
The server we had, Brenda, was AWESOME.
We are a loud, obnoxious family and she played right along.
The "E" in the "E&N" (I can't remember her name) was there and was a real sweet pea.
Good ranch!!!
I had the steak and onion  sandwich with prepress and mushrooms.
Super tasty.
Sister had a sandwich with ham....Dammit, I can't remember what it was called....was SUPER DELISH.
I'm ordering that next time.
Reasonable prices.
I hope they do well and we'll do what we can help that happen!!!
Cheers

I love this little local restaurant.
When my son and I eat dinner here, we are always greeted warmly.
Brenda, our usual server, is always kind and welcoming.
I always come back for the delicious lasagna.
It's baked perfectly with oozing cheese and homemade sauce.
Whenever I order it, I think I could never finish it, but it's so addicting that I never leave a crumb.
My son always orders the spaghetti, which is consistent good as well.
I hope this restaurant gets noticed by more patrons because it's always pretty empty when we go.

As often as I come to Vegas, I very rarely go out of the HOTEL to dine...
However this trip has made me change my mind now  :o)  E & N was a "fresh" wake-up call for yours truly - the FOOD was DAMN GOOD and the service was amazing....
It is very seldom that I "single out" a certain THING that would make me come back to a place - however after meeting BRENDA (our Server/Waitress/New Friend), My and the family will DEFINITELY be returning customers here...!
She made us all feel like we were at home with the family - and that is something that is not easily found these days....  E & N, I take my HAT OFF to you and your staff!!!!!
Big Bob Pinkard

