Good for 1-3 year olds.
They need bigger place though.
Brought our old year old, she is having fun.
Will definitely come back.

This place is designed for infants and toddlers.
Infants even have their own separate section.
All the toys and equipment available are essentially stuff you would have in your own home except one typically couldn't afford to own EVERYTHING.
If anything, there's too much going on, really.
I don't see the point of any ride-on toys because there's not a whole lot of space to go anywhere.
My daughter really enjoyed it here but I definitely see some flaws.
This will probably be our first and last punch card.
Kiddo likes the toys but will out grow them very soon.
There's no playground-type equipment but she really likes to climb and hang on to things.
They do have one of those plastic Little Tykes type which is fairly big but not very challenging for my almost pre-schooler.
I overheard the owner have a convo with a customer that older kids are not allowed to play and that's sort of their policy.
There's a LOT of people with siblings above the age of 5.
It's alienating a whole lotta people with older kids/younger kids combo.
Paying a babysitter to watch your older kids while you take your toddler here is not very ideal if you ask me.
They don't sell any food/drinks.
They can't possibly rely on just entry fees to make money, can they?!
I mean, I know they do parties and I think I even saw some snack items but this is a huge turn off for me.
In Arizona, places like these are necessary for the summers.
However, they really need to think about expanding their market base to just 1-5 year olds.
I think even some 4 and 5 year olds might be too old to come here.
Come on Far West Phoenix, can't we find a fun place to bring the WHOLE family to?

I have been bringing my two children (ages 2 and a half years and ten months) here for a few months now, and we love it!
I am so happy there's a indoor playground in the West Valley specifically for little tots.
I would recommend Jubeelieve to anybody with small children.
I agree that it is better for the smaller kids, under four especially.
The five year olds seem to get bored quickly and resort to running around.
Regarding another review, I am happy the owner doesn't sell food or drinks here.
What a mess that would make!
I am also happy that older kids are NOT allowed to play here.
I have finally found a safe place for my little ones to play without bigger kids barreling over them.
That being said, my only concern is not with the owner herself, but the inattentive parents who bring their children here to run wild while they sit on their phone, oblivious and/or uncaring of the actions of their children.
Please, if you do come here, (and I highly recommend it for little ones!
) watch and engage your children.
Play with them.
Rules state no running.
And for goodness sake's, if your baby puts toys in their mouth, wipe it clean!
Also, it does mention on their website that they will be closing for a couple weeks to relocate.
They are moving to a much better location, with more parking and less parking lot traffic.

It's 9:01am.
They should open at 9.
No one is answering the phone and the lights are off.
No signs saying they are closed the day after 4th of July.
I wonder what's up?
Crazy.
My son wants to play.

My 3 1/2 year old had seen all the indoor play places around the Valley, and this place is near the top of his list.
It's clean, well maintained, the toys are in great shape, and there is a wide verity.
His top three is the Roller Coaster, Big Slide, and Thomas The Train ride.
As for my (the parent) perspective.
The price is right and it isn't a long drive from where I live in Surprise when you take the 303.
Overall when the temps hit triple digits and the little ones are climbing the walls, this place is a great prescription!

