Stopped in here just this morning, and it turned out to be their first day.
Those of you familiar with Kim's Noodles know the space.
Rosie's is doing some good things with it--including a fireplace nook that appears to be waiting to be loaded with books.
The bar has been turned into a, well, coffee bar.
The coffee itself was delicious.
That is always an important thing for me, and this was as good as any downtown coffee shop.
I grabbed a box of donuts, which were a hit with staff here at work.
I'll have to try other items soon.
They also do cakes for special occassions.

Fantastic coffee, great service and fresh doughnuts.
I've been here twice in as many days and personally think this place has a lot of potential..... Elapsed time.... Ok I come here every time I'm in the neighborhood same great coffee, same great service!

Excellent new coffee place on Monona Dr.
Multiple plug ins, great coffee, excellent food and bakery items.
Spacious updated seating areas as well.
Come here to study or have business meetings/lunches... You won't be disappointed.

Great donuts but a breakfast/brunch/coffee place that isn't open on Sunday?
Seriously?
Would get five stars if they were open for Sunday breakfast.

Great new place on Monona Drive!
My partner loved the asparagus soup and bread with herbed butter.
Iced coffee was a little weak.
Overall, great ambiance with plenty of outlets to plug in for free wifi.
Loved the booths, bathroom was clean, service was excellent.

Walking in to Rosie's you are greeted with a friendly 'hello', a welcoming smile, and a delicious set of deserts displayed right before you.
You can either have a seat to your right in some cozy booths, or take a left and grab a drink at their large coffee bar.
I do think that the real treasure here are the baked goods.
They are cheap and scrumptious.
Their cinnamon rolls are about the size of a human head and are only $3.
All of their deserts just taste superb.
However, the rest of their food is just alright.
I ordered the Chicken Salad sandwich and was neither thrilled nor disappointed.
The croissant from the sandwich was probably the best part, go figure.
I had a side of pasta salad and it was a little bland, but still edible.
Overall it was just ok.
It's a new establishment so there are bound to be some kinks that need to be fixed, but like others have said this place has great potential, especially with it's new management and appreciative staff.
They're all so nice.
It's lovely.
I got word that they are making a breakfast menu and are going to start serving breakfast next week!
I definitely think breakfast will be Rosie's forte.

I stopped in this morning for some coffee and breakfast.
It was their breakfast "soft opening", so I was lucky enough to be among the first to try some of the best biscuits and gravy I have had in Madison.
The biscuit was homemade, crisp on the outside, and chewy on the inside.
The gravy was flavorful and -not- overwhelmingly salty (a huge problem with some restaurants) with just enough chunks of sausage to satisfy me.
The side of rosemary potatoes were delicious, too.
I also saw an egg-y croissant sandwich that looked pretty fantastic, so I will have to try that out soon.
Other options include smoothies, oatmeal, strata, and a bunch of breakfast pastries.
Now, the food was great...but one of the best things about this spot is that they serve Johnson Brothers Coffee.
Also known as some of the best coffee on the planet.
Not only that, but they love their coffee, a lot, and you can order a standard drip coffee, pour over, french press, or have them use a fancy percolator.
Pour-over is a fantastic way to enjoy a quality roast, but they do it right so you can expect to wait around 5 minutes for your cup to be ready once they start making it.
OH!
The donut.
How can I forget the donut??
I chose a glazed yeast donut.
The glaze is sweet, but not overwhelming.
The donut itself is chewy and has almost a bit of a tang to it.
They look similar to a krispy kreme, but they taste unlike any other yeast donuts I have had before.
Very tasty.
Did I mention that the service is fantastic and everyone is incredibly friendly and chatty?

We stopped at this café today for lunch because we had a coupon deal.
We were not very impressed.
We placed our order and were told they would bring the drinks out first but we never got them.
My husband had to ask for his iced tea when the food arrived.
He had the "Harvey Ham" that came with kettle chips, pasta salad or a green salad.
He got 4 pieces of a sandwich that were not very big and a little lacking in ham.
The price was $8.95.
I ordered the "Rick's Roast Beef.
" I received just 2 halves with not much beef.
It also came with kettle chips, pasta salad or a green salad.
This sandwich was $9.95 and not worth that price.
We both chose the pasta salad which was okay-nothing spectacular.
We felt the sandwiches both were lacking in the amount of meat used.
His tea was $3.29.
We felt this was a pretty pricey lunch for what we got.
They are a bakery also but we didn't try any of the baked goods.
There is a coffee bar also but we weren't interested in that.
In short, would not return for the prices they charged.

Rosie's makes the best doughnuts I have ever enjoyed.
I travel quite often for work and their doughnuts are worth a trip every time I'm in Madison.
They always blow me away with the texture, flavor, and sheer quality of product.
FANTASTIC!!
The espresso is pretty awesome as well.
EAT A ROSIE'S DOUGHNUT AND YOUR DAY WILL BE BETTER.

I really like the vibe in this place..I've only been here for lunch and have not had any pastries.
I really like their panini pressed sandwich fair.
The Madison is lovely little gnosh of humus and veggies.
Nothing earth shaking, but a nice little sandwich.
This is a great addition for this end of Monona drive.

