First day open and I was very excited to try Kneaders!
I was not disappointed.
The restaurant looks great, and the location is perfect for the area.
The pricing was better than I expected, and the serving sizes were big for the money.
I only got to try breakfast and a smoothie, but if this is an indicator I will absolutely be going back

Amazing food and great service!!
You can't go wrong with their French toast or their fresh-baked pastries or their salads and sandwiches.
Everything is great, gorgeous new location.

We so wanted to love Keader's.
We've been waiting for them to open for weeks.
Hopefully tonight's experience can be chalked up to being very new.
My chicken panini would have been just ok, without too much flavor, but they packed it straight off the press naked into a plastic to go box.
Without anything absorbent in there, the bread was soaking wet when I got home to eat.
This has got to be just a rookie mistake, right?
The mushroom Brie soup was delicious and the bowl was pretty big too.
The triple cheese cauliflower tasted like mild cheddar and flour.
Not terrible by any means, but I was hoping for a little more sophistication.
The chop chicken salad is in my fridge, I'll try it later.
Looks fine.
The two soups and salad all came with a side of bread, and after talking options and suggestions with the voice at the drive thru, we came up with three breads to try.
Unfortunately the bag at home only contained the ciabatta.
Ciabatta is fine but it was the least interesting of the three, and was looking forward to trying a variety of the breads.
This place is RIGHT down the street from my house and open until ten, so I'll probably eventually give them another shot.
I really hope tonight's wrinkles have been ironed out by then.

My family and I decided to try Kneaders yesterday 2/26/14 after shopping at Target.
We popped in through the drive-thru and were surprised at the selection.
After ordering 3 adult meals and a kids meal we tootled home.
Once we got there and unpacked I noticed they forgot all of our chips and pastries for the meal combos.
A quick drive back and going in meant standing in line.
Once I was to the front the manager was very apologetic about what happened  and gave me a free loaf of any of their bread I wanted to make it up to me, and also verified that was enough.
My point, they are new, they are bound to make mistakes but the fact the manager seemed very bothered by it, and even after tossing something free at me, wanted to make sure that was enough and was willing to do more to make sure I was happy, says a lot about this place.
The food was amazing, the portions are big, it seems pricey when you think you are ordering a sandwich but once you get it you understand.
I had a fruit tart from there that is better than any I've had before.
We will go back, and often.
I am very happy they have moved into our area and look forward to telling all of my friends and co-workers about it.

we tried Kneaders two times, both times not impressed.
Soggy bread, uncooked pastries, we will not go back.
Service was "directive instead of suggestive" the clients that were there each time were more interested in our conversations then keeping to themselves while we were eating.
If I even get a weak moment and try it again I will re-review.

Healthier style fast food.
Fresh breads and pastries.
Great sandwiches and salads.
I don't think you can go wrong.
Plus, there is a drive thru.
On top of all that, they're open until 10pm, which helps for later cravings.
Good smoothies and a breakfast menu too.
Super clean and friendly staff.

Tasty food and baked goods.
Its a great spot for breakfast or lunch, a little too expensive for what you get, for my tastes, but i don't think you would ever leave there upset about what you just ate.

I have gone twice while in the area shopping.
I was excited to try as I'm always up for fresh food!
The parking lot is very crowded probably mostly due to the winter population here..
I decided to go through the drive-through as there was no parking!
That was hard as I am not familiar with the food...
I ended up with a salad which was pretty good but I guess that's not what they specialize in being a bakery... Next time I went back I went in.... Big mistake.
It is so busy in there and very LOUD!
I didn't have time nor the patience to really study the menu as I just wanted to get food and get out!
If I do go back I will wait until the snowbirds leave and the traffic both in lot and inside dies down....
Disappointed

Kneaders is new to me.
The set-up is somewhere between Cracker Barrel & Paradise Bakery (with a much better bakery offering.
)  Their sandwiches and chicken noodle soup were great!
I loved the chicken, ham and cheese sandwich.
Add a cup of soup and get a free drink with your sandwich!
Great service with an emphasis on being friendly to the customers.
Definitely looks like a great place for breakfast...I'll be back.

I like this place.
The french toast is so yummy!!!
It comes with whipped cream, caramel sauce, and strawberries.
It is a must try.
Another time I had the sausage, egg, and cheese croissant and that was very good as well.
I have not had anything from the lunch menu yet.
My husband had the Ruben and he liked it.
I do think they need a better system for getting your order to you because there was an employee going around to every table asking if you were "Susan" or "Bob.
" It was kind of awkward because the trainer was telling the employee what to say right in front of the customer.
I felt bad for the poor girl.
We will go back for sure.

I have been to several Kneaders in Utah and Arizona.
Now that this one is so close to my house I'm afraid I'll be there all the time!
I haven't had anything I didn't like.
It is Paradise Bakery - but WAY BETTER.
The Cinnamon French Toast is AMAZING and it is ALL YOU CAN EAT - However the initial portion is so large I can't imagine asking for more.
The caramel syrup that is served with the pancakes and french toast is divine.
This place is SUPER kid friendly.
My kids LOVE the kids meals - especially the cookie!
My picky son is so happy that they have peanut butter and jelly as an option with grapes as a side.
The Turkey Avocado Sandwich is delicious and a HUGE portion.
However my new favorite item is there Chocolate Coconut Bread Pudding.
Be sure to have them warm it up for you.
WOW it is amazing!
I hope I continue to love the place.
I think it is a fantastic addition to Ahwatukee.

I really didn't want to write this review but I'm so mad and no one is answering the phone.
I've called three times and it just rings and rings.
The first time I went to Kneaders on Ray, I ordered the Turkey Bacon Avocado sandwich and thought it was great.
I work in Ahwatukee and it was a quick grab through the drive through before heading back to Tempe where I live.
I went back the next week for the same order through the drive through.
When I got home, they had forgotten the bacon on my Turkey Bacon Avocado.
I was bummed.
I mean, the bacon is the best part!
But I let bygones be bygones.
I even went back today.
Same order through the drive through.
When I got home, I was starving, had the baby in the backseat crying, was struggling with my bags and was ready to eat my sandwich in peace.
But they forgot the bacon AND the avocado.
I am probably too upset about this.
My husband thought I had gotten some terrible news--I was close to tears.
I just wanted to call the manager and tell them that that they should tighten up protocol but they didn't answer which made me even more mad, so here I am, not wanting to be mad but fueling it all by writing this review.
I guess the moral of the story is check your food when you go through the drive through--but I shouldn't have to peel through the layers, hunting for crucial, delicious parts of a sandwich that are IN THE TITLE OF THE SANDWICH.
So I won't be back.
I feel a little bit better now.
But not much.

If Cracker Barrel and Paradise Bakery had a baby, Kneaders would be the result.
Except the food tastes much better!
Oh, and a drive-thru.
I met my Mom here just after noon today and it was poppin'!
When you first walk in, you will see a variety of home goods (think clocks, aprons, home decor, salt and pepper shakers) much like CB.
And don't even get me started about all the beautiful goodies in that pastry case; had to stop ourselves from buying Key Lime Tarts and Peanut Butter Fudge.
We ordered at the counter.
Decided to split a giant Turkey Bacon Avocado sandwich on Focaccia, and we each got a cup of the Three Cheese Cauliflower Soup (soup of the day).
Helped ourselves to some Pomegranate Iced Teas and grabbed a seat on the patio.
Just be careful out there on a windy day, the tables are kind of shaky and I managed to pour tea on my dress.
Thankfully it dried before going back to work!
I wasn't a huge fan of the soup.
Kind of reminded me of Broccoli Cheddar and a little heavy.
Needs more cauliflower!
My Mom really enjoyed it, though.
The sandwich was what stood out.
Love focaccia bread, and these guys didn't disappoint.
You could tell the bread was made recently.
Very tender roasted turkey, didn't skimp on the bacon, creamy avocado alongside provolone, crisp lettuce, onion and tomatoes and Kneaders sauce.
No idea what was in the sauce, but it was much better tasting than typical mayonnaise.
To be honest, I wasn't expecting much from this Idaho/Utah/Arizona chain and was quite impressed.
I'm super stuffed right now, and will be back for a sandwich and some of those pastries.

4.5 stars.
Three visits now!
Still living this place...
Friendly, helpful service.
Cute, inviting interior with Cracker Barrelesque gifts available for purchase.
Ample outdoor seating with parking lot views (could use some potted trees).
Oh, and the food, can't forget the food!
Their French Toast is fantastic.
Thick homemade bread lightly dipped and served with sliced strawberries, whipped butter and caramel syrup--I was told it's unlimited but two slices will fill you up for sure!
The breakfast sandwiches come standard in a croissant but we opted for the ciabatta bread and, while a bit big for the egg, bacon and cheese, it was so fresh and soft!
So much easier to eat than the tough ciabatta bread at most places.
The orange juice tasted fresh-squeezed and was an appropriate $3 versus the $4-6 they charge elsewhere.
Took a couple of chocolate chunk cookies to go and they were soft and yummy!
We are going back.
And soon!

I hear there are usually long lines but lucky when I went it wasn't bad.
I enjoyed my panini.
I hear the breakfast is excellent.

I placed an order for pickup and planned to go thru drive thru for convenience and was told that I need to come inside to pickup my order since it is a big inconvenience for them to go to another register and get my order and to make payment.
Well I am sorry to inconvenience you guys.
Will take my inconvenience elsewhere.

Hazelnut bread is awesome, I even take some home to make sandwiches.
Prefer this place for breakfast and coffee.
Nice location and staff!
The coffee is way better than Starbucks.

Family and I went to grab a quick dinner with the toddler and had a great experience.
The service was quick and all the sandwich, salads and baked goods were great!
I tried the turkey cranberry salad and it was served on a very fresh and generous bed of field greens with fresh mushrooms, shredded mozzarella and a delicious dressing.
Still love the chicken, ham and cheese panini and so appreciate that they have fresh tea by Mighty Leaf.
I don't want to give any secrets away but, I will be picking up my holiday rolls here!

Great menu options and the interior décor is so cute!
I've had mixed experiences with their food.
The first visit I ordered the chicken salad croissant and (while delicious) there was only a small amount of chicken salad on it, mostly just bread.
So that was kind of disappointing.
Next visit I ordered the French dip on the baguette and it was great.
Loved it.
Our last visit last night wasn't quite as great.
My husband ordered the French dip, but this time there was very little meat and just mostly bread, so he was very bummed about that.
I also tried to order a sugar cookie and they were all out.
:(  So...mixed reviews.
Maybe it depends who is in the kitchen that day.
But I think a restaurant should be consistent and I should get the exact same French dip, no matter which day I order it.
And its my pet peeve for restaurants to be out of menu items...so, hopefully they will work out these kinks once they've been open longer.

Great place for sandwiches and salads.
It's a little expensive for sandwiches so that's why I only gave it 4 stars.
But this place is definitely worth the splurge now and again!

This place is perfect.
Excellent soup, excellent smoothies, relatively speedy drive-thru, friendly customer service, amazing soup.
Everything I have tried there was very satisfying.
Breakfast stuff is all amazing and not greasy.
Their combos are great.
I would go today but they are closed on Sundays.

Meh.
I've been here only a few times since its opening.
Twice through the drive-thru and once inside.
Each time the service was very poor.
Almost rude.
When it happened in the drive-thru, I chalked it up to it being the drive-thru.
When I actually went inside with my sister visiting from out of town, the service was unfriendly and unwelcoming.
As if they were annoyed that we came in on a weekend afternoon while they were open for business...  3 stars because the food that I had was good.
The French Toast is delicious and where else can you drive-thru for French Toast?
The Turkey Dumpling soup - yummy.
Not sure though if the food is good enough to make up for the attitude....

I wanted to order the chicken chop salad with out the almonds but the person at the register told me it was already made and the ingredients could not be taken off.
Needless to say looking at the menu online now it stats made fresh, and the the chop salad does not have almonds despite what the person told me.
Well, my wife and I both got a half sandwich.
I got the turkey and unfortunately the most flavorful part was the tomato.
My wife got the roast beef.
She said the roast beef was good but the whole sandwich was just blah We got out daughter the kids meal.
The grilled cheese was one slice of bread folded in half, not a whole sandwich.
There was also a fruit selection which we choose the grapes assuming they were fresh, well they were prepackaged, not what we were expecting from a place which serves fresh fruit bowls.
Overall though the kids meal was plenty of food for the money.
That is more than I could say for the half sandwiches.
We wanted to like this place since one opened up right down the street from us but we were disappointed.
I also would have liked to tell the manager but no one stopped at out table to ask.
We had a runner and what I assume, from the different shirt, a manager walk by our table multiple time but they almost avoided eye contact and did not ask about our meal.

Pretty cool spot.
They have some delish dessert pastries & breads.
I have tried their French toast breakfast special.
Good portion & I believe it's all you can eat if you dine in.
Not that I could even finish the plate I started with.
We have tried a few of their desserts.
If you are a chocolate fan, Their chocolate mousse dome, is yummmy!!
They also have a small fruit tart, nice lil bite of deliciousness haven't tried any of their lunch items...
But I guess that could be on our next stop.
Would recommend you ask for their "loyalty card" it adds up points or $$, not sure, but have to ask or mention it BEFORE YOU PAY.
Because of course they will not mention that it's not valid after you pay...  lol.

I went to Kneaders with a class from my school and it was a solid 3 star experience.
The restaurant was very accommodating to the students I was with and the service was very friendly.
I had the potato soup and it was decent, a little on the salty side, but not bad.
The breads I tried were also fine, but nothing super special.
I would come back to this place for a quick lunch if I were in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.

I have been to this Kneaders location no less than 20 times since they first opened.
Each time I said it was time to write a yelp review but once I got home, I  tried to overlook the poor, unfriendly service that I received.
Today is the day I write a review.
Let me start by saying, I always go through the drive thru.
95% of the time, the service has been less than friendly and many times, I felt that I was putting the employee out by even using the drive thru.
I have waited as long as 22 minutes in the drive thru (4 cars ahead of me) only to be greeted at the window with, "$16.34.
"  No, "Sorry for the long wait".......No  "Thank you for your patience".....nothing!
On NUMEROUS occasions ,  the bag was handed to me ...."here you go" and the window was shut on my face.
I found I was the only saying, "Thank you.
"  I've come to the conclusion, they place their most unfriendly and rude employees at the drive thru window.
I don't take it out on the employee because obviously, they have not been trained properly in customer service.
Today, around 11:30 AM, my son went to Kneaders to pick up lunch.
I have posted a picture of how they packed the bag  ---1 full sized sandwich, an order of french toast and an order of bread pudding.
They were not placed in 2 bags or flat in the bag but they crammed all of it in one bag,  on their SIDES!
The inside of the sandwich slide out of the bread and was loose in the plastic container.
The bread pudding and french toast...well, you can imagine how those looked.
THIS is what prompted me to finally write a review.
I watched this location  being built and on the first day it opened, I went through the drive thru and spoke to a trainer who was here from Utah.
I told him how much I was looking forward to the restaurant opening and that Ahwatukee needed a place like Kneaders.
Ahwatukee is a small community within a large city.
Word of mouth goes a long way in this area.
Management needs to start reading the yelp reviews, respond and make changes accordingly.
My next trip to Kneaders will be to return my loyalty card.

The service, the slowness, the wet bread, and they had me drive off without my drinks.
I'm guessing they don't care about yelp reviews because all issues from first visit persisted and it can't be chalked up to newness anymore.
Why does the management allow this mediocrity?
Like another reviewer, my French dip should have probably just been called Bread.

Good food, clean restaurant, lots of random gift items.
Bakery items looked awesome but I had a soup and salad.
Portions were good and all ingredients seemed very fresh.
Will back again soon.

Slow slow slow slow slow!
No point in using the drive thru because you would have taken the same time parking and going inside.
If you must go, great brownies and turkey sandwiches too!

Mmmmm.... we have no complaints at all !
It only came to our attention that they had opened here in Ahwatukee a couple of weeks ago, we've visited 3 times since then.
The freshness, variety and flavors are excellent.
The prices are reasonable and fairly competitive with other sandwich shops/bakeries we frequent in the area.
The 12 grain hazelnut bread is one of the best breads I've tasted in a long time and the pastries are delicious.
Try the Rueben, my Son says it's one of the best he's had.

Lots of good pastry choices here - bread pudding, fruit tarts, cinnamon rolls, cookies, cupcakes, and the like.
But very few other choices for breakfast.
Two breakfast sammies, three scramble egg omelettes, pancakes, and french toast.
The french toast did look amazing though.
Eggs were a bit dry but BUT but they did get my confused order correct, which I truly appreciate.
Coffee was out when we arrived, they were brewing new (9:30am) but not too much of a problem.
Very understaffed for as busy as they were this morning - slowing ordering and service down a bit.
Interestingly, the toast is only toasted on one side.
I have never seen that before.
I would maybe stop in here again but probably only for sweets.

Incredible pastries!
Bread on my sandwich was so soft, and you could tell freshly baked..as they state that all is baked on site daily.
Atmosphere was so welcoming.
I also like that the drive thru is an option.
Nice to not have to get out of the car when in a hurry.
I'll be back for sure.

Food is AMAZING, service is SLOOOW!!!
Kneader's in Gilbert, AZ off of Baseline & Higley is AMAZING, NEVER A COMPLAINT!!!
I really tried to give the Phoenix location to get in the groove after opening, but months later, they are still HORRIBLE!!!
Too bad, they are right across the street from my work.
I hope this goes out to the powers that be to step it up!

I love love LOVE this place!
If it was only great food, this place would still get 5 stars.
And it is *great* food!
But there's more.
The ambiance, the customer service, cleanliness, the relaxing music...everything about this place makes want to just stay here and relax.
It's like my little sanctuary from the world, with the world's best desserts too.

I had a surprisingly good experience at this place.
My expectations were very high but I have expectations.
As a low carb diet kind of guy I was a little worried but pleasantly surprised.
The atmosphere is very lively and positive.
The service was great too I asked for opinions and I got them.
I asked for recommendations based off of my diet and received them.
Just quality people here and I like that.

