Soooo full.
The kid and I were starving.
We were headed to Thai BBQ in the same plaza but decided to change things up at the last minute.
So into Taste of China we went...
Pretty quiet, clean considering the age of the building and not busy at all.
There were two other tables seated and the owner let us pick our table.
Bathroom was clean (super plus).
Service was quick and friendly.
I ordered the MaPo tofu (I'm a temporary vegetarian and it's been pretty difficult considering the spots we normally patronize...) It was tasty, slightly salty and not as spicy as I had hoped which was my fault for not specifying the level of heat I desired for the day haha.
My picky child had the sesame chicken (sauce on the side) and she enjoyed it.
Portions were pretty large and came with a side of white rice, some pickled cabbage and a dish of roasted peanuts.
We ended up boxing up about 2/3 of our food.
Against my better judgment, I ordered a snow ice... not that it tasted bad...
I was just too full and I knew my daughter wouldn't touch it.
It was actually really good.
For $6.50 you get to choose a base and three toppings plus condensed milk.
For an extra dollar you can pick a trio of base flavors; additional toppings are 50¢ each.
According to the server, snow ice is a cross between shaved ice and ice cream; "fluffy"she said.
#itssofluffyicoulddie.
I went with Thai tea as a base and red bean, lychee jelly and egg pudding as toppings with condensed milk drizzled on top.
#NOM yeah.
Totally finished the entire thing.
By myself.
Haha.
Dinner for two/dessert for one fat mom = $24 ... scratch that... $19.
#awesome.
BOTTOM LINE: cheap (owner gave us 20% off...which I gave right back in tip form), quick, tasty, great service and SNOW ICE.
I'll be back.

Amazing food.
Literally could not finish because the portions are so big!
I recommend everything seriously and the red bean boba is incredibleeee!

Food is great and service is great!!
Love the boba tea too!!
Cute atmosphere!!
Love it!
Recommend to anyone who likes authentic food!

Excellent service and flavors that will make you smile!!!
Kung Pao chicken is the best I have tasted - better than any at 6 times the price!!!
Go for lunch the serving boxes are so neat!

Decent meal for a decent price with fair portions to go along with excellent, attentive service and the food came out fast and hot.
The groupon they have running really made it a deal ($13 for $25).
General Tso was up to par, crispy and hot, not that soggy stuff that you sometimes find at a lower end buffet.
Kung Pao shrimp consisted of smaller pieces of shrimp than I'm used to getting at my go to spot and the side ingredients weren't varied...pretty much, peanuts, celery and more peanuts and more celery....seemed to be lacking some diced peppers, onions, cucumber or whatever other vegetable medley goes in a kung pao.
Szechuan beef was pretty standard.
They seemed to have an extensive dessert menu and boba drinks that I may have to hit up sometime.
I'm kind of picky with my Chinese.
Nothing stood out as being "The Best xxxxx I ever had", but all was done ok and dinner prices are only $7.95 for a meal that won't leave you walking out hungry.
The owners seemed nice and I hope they do well.

Great service, great food and finish the meal with the best dessert ever: snow ice.
Tastes like ice cream with your choice of toppings.
Yum yum!

Had groupon deal and never would've tried this place otherwise.
We went for lunch and enjoyed plenty of food for two plus boba drinks.
General Tao was only mildy hot but nicely crispy and nice chunks of chicken.
Fried rice was seasoned right without being too salty or too greasy.
I'm not a fan of veggie egg rolls but I did like theirs.
Love their Thai tea.
Nice people and service for a casual Chinese restaurant.

Food is reasonably priced especially for the huge portions and the strawberry green tea is awesome.
From 11a-3p they have yummy lunch specials for $5.95-$6.45

First time trying this restaurant.
Good food, good portion, cheap, and great staff!!
Their dessert is good too and cheaper than bobba  bars.
Will be back for more!

Even with a Groupon certificate I really felt cheated the food there is very inconsistent not my first visit but definitely my last trip they've mostly cater to people that are here from their home country we were seated first served last's horrible service will never return again even if it was free

