The owner, Liliana, is a Peruvian native and an excellent cook.
Everything is made fresh from scratch and it is always good.
If you like it spicy ask for some "Ricotto" on the side.

Love the food

My boyfriend and I had never eaten Peruvian food before today.
Inka Empires food was delicious!
The server was very nice and prompt with the food.
I ordered a seafood and rice dish and my boyfriend ate the fried rice.
Both had excellent flavor and were extremely fresh!

Very good Peruvian restaurant.
Service was excellent.
The server was caring and attentive.
He was knowledgable about the menu items.
The food was very tasty, especially with the hot sauce (salsa).
Will definitely add to our rotation of places we like to eat.

Tonight was my first Peruvian cuisine experience and it was fantastic.
I knew the food was going to be good when I tasted the complimentary dish of roasted corn kernels with a spicy cilantro sauce.
Different, simple and great tasting.
I ordered the Lomo Saltado which consists of marinated beef, onions, tomatoes and herbs tossed with fried potatoes.
You have to request having the fries tossed into the dish which is the traditional way of eating Lomo Saltado.
Because some don't like "mushy" fries, they normally serve them on the side.
The dish comes with rice as well.
When the entree arrived I first tasted the rice by itself.
I was surprised at how well the rice was cooked; not mushy or undercooked but al dente.
The rice also had flavor!
I don't know what was used to flavor the rice during the cooking process but man that may have been the best side of rice I've had.
They elevated rice people!
The Lomo Saltado was really good.
And I would definitely order it again.
My only knock on the dish was that it was a touch more greasy than I prefer.
Perhaps they could degrease the fries a bit more once they come out of the fryer.
I would give the dish a 4.5/5.
For dessert I had the flan-like dessert.
If you like custards I recommend trying.

I love Peruvian food!
I first noticed inka leaving my apt complex to take a nice walk to the library and was surprised to find a Peruvian restaurant where the seafood place once was...
But I was so excited,  when I lived in New York I craved and ate Peruvian all the time..
This place is so freaking good,  everything is freshly made and even tho it was kind of a long wait it was so worth it..  Definitely going again!

Wow!!!
I love this food.
It's a fresh new taste in Queen Creek.
The waitress is awesome.
Great place.

My husband and I went here because we received two free meals in a gift basket we won in a silent auction.
We had never had Peruvian food before so we didn't have any expectations.
We were not disappointed!
I loved every bit of the food.
My husband and I both got the Lomo Saltado and it is easily one of the best meals I've had in a long time.
It tastes like a home cooked meal but looks well prepared as well.
It is a family business, so the staff were very welcoming and very informative.
We will definitely be going back as this is my new favorite restaurant.

AMAZING!
This has officially become my new favorite restaurant!
My husband had the Tallarines Verde Pollo..which is a homemade pesto pasta dish...rich with flavor and incredibly fresh!
I opted for the Lomo Saltado..which has become my "go to"...deliciously marinated beef served with a cilantro sauce, rice, potatoes and plantains...yum!
The server Sam was completely delightful...you could feel her passion for the food and her families new restaurant..she's a doll!
Home cooked peruvian perfection!
Highly recommended!

I have been here a few times now and really can't say enough about Inka, the first time I was there I had the Lomo Saltado, with a few sides of Rocoto, which isn't quite hot enough for me but is excellent!
The family that owns the restaurant let me sample a bunch of dishes they are thinking about adding to the menu, and I fell in love with the pork and beans.
The next time I went back there was 8 of us for lunch on a Saturday, and I had the pork and beans, the pork is like a carnita but much much better.
The beans are like a white pinto bean flavoured wonderfully.
Ceviche is also amazing, everyone enjoyed their meal!
This place is now my favourite in Queen Creek!

'Found' this place in a combination of mailers and dumb luck.
It is tucked into a low traffic corner of the little shopping center in the north east corner of Ellsworth and Ocotillo.
Their treatment of Aji is exceptional.
The Causa Rellena alone is worth the visit.
We fought for the last bite.
I can't say enough good things about the Aji de Gallina or Arroz Chaufa.
Will definitely be going back.
Feel bad I didn't say anything about the staff.
They were awesome.
I believe they were all family and were extremely hospitable.

Awesome Peruvian Ceviche and the service was great.....the owner and her family are great people as they take the time to make you feel like family while you enjoy great food from South America.
We had three different dinner plates and they were all great.
The green hot sauce is right on target with taste and flavor.
We will be back to try Chupe de Camarones and Parihuela :)

Great food great service and real authentic Peruvian food.
Every time I go there the service is excellent and Very clean.

This place is a gem in a hidden location!
Great food and such friendly owners!
I had the Lomo Saltado & it was soooo flavorful & the meat was tender.
The fries dont normally come mixed in- theyre on the side but I asked if they could mix them in and they accomodated me.
Soo good.
Will definitely return soon.

If there is ever a place that deserves 5 stars it's Inka Empire.
The service and the food are incredible.
My wife and I had the Lomo Saltado and the chef was kind enough to make it the original way for us with fries mixed in.
The whole family is ultra friendly and we felt right at home.
I spent a lot of time talking to the family about their food and getting the word out.
It's a shame that incredible food and service may not be enough.
We need to get the word out about this great place!
Queen creek has little to offer for good food but this is definitely one of them.
Help support a local family business!

