A great store!
Can't remember saleslady's name, but she was a little heavier and wore glasses....very nice, big help!
Store is amazingly clean, well laid out.
Stock seems a little 'vanilla' and a tad overpriced, but on the whole a nice experience.
Took my GF in for her first time in a store like this and she felt comfortable.
Will definitely go back when in town again.

I'm so glad we gave this place a chance.
The store is clean, open, spacious, modern, and best of all it did not have a creepy sex store vibe.
The employees are friendly, helpful, and not overbearing.
They help you find what your looking for and in your price range.
They have a wide selection of toys, sex pillows, shoes, and beautiful clothing line.
We will definitely continue shopping here.

this store is beautiful!
it's nice to have a clean, organized, and relaxed place to shop rather than visiting the slumps near LVB.
I didn't feel like I was going to get robbed or assaulted upon coming into this store (unlike many of the other stores in Vegas).
the women working here were very knowledgeable and assisted my boyfriend and I without hesitation.
need advice?
have questions?
or just want to spark curiosity?
this is the place to visit!
they have everything you could imagine and more!
Rachel was super awesome as well as the other two ladies that assisted us (a petite brunette and another lady with awesome wooden gauges, don't remember their names.
sorry!).
either way, they know how to take care of anyone that walks through the door.
we were very happy with the service as well as our purchase.
will definitely be back!

This store is massive and a has great selection of sexy little things.
They were bright, clean and very organized.
Definitely didn't give off an uncomfortable vibe shopping here at all.
The prices vary per item and brand, but I would say I did see some of the more pricier items and they were great quality.
However, we still saw some items that were way steep and not worth it.
I was swimming in a stripper shoe candy store!
They had a large selection of ankle spraining stilettos, fashion heels, comfy wedges, and sexy boots.
I fell in love with one of the casual wedges, it was $39.99 and also loved one of the heels which was $159.99 (pretty pricey!
)  Plus the négligée and lingerie looked like great quality.
They had a great mix of naughty and classy.
I saw prices range from $50, $60, up to $100+ on some styles.
They have sexy little costumes, tutus, leggings, anything, you name it, to keep it playful.
They also had a huge selection of any undergarment you can think of, but they didn't look like the best of quality, I would stick to VS for those items.
The 2 ladies working that night were very professional, knowledgeable, and extremely attentive.
They weren't pushy at all, just very helpful and informative.
This store is so new still and they don't have any type of discounts, promotions, frequent buyer, email club or deals in place.
I'm hoping they will in the future, It would be ideal to shop here with some sort of discount.

Yeah, yeah, yeah...my Yelp friends can snicker I'm airing out my coochie business on here, but I Yelp everyythaang and I know you guys have toy trunks.
We pass this store all the time and today curiosity said go in.
It's a big, nicely laid out store that sells all your usuals, but in nicer surroundings and larger varieties.
It's the new trend non seedy spots and higher end gear.
You got toys, videos, furniture, lingerie, high heels, jewelry.
If you are looking for more "fringe" stuff, this place probably isn't it, but they have variety of the usual suspects.
If you want to demo this vibrating thing or that, they have tables out of demos and sales ladies will come up to you and explain pros/cons of different devices.
You can tell they train them as there's specific ways they say things (IE scientific words vs. common words) and they run down the fact sheet of each device.
Generally they leave you to browse, but are very nice and non intimidating should you have questions.
The girl helping us was super friendly.
Given, its more than ordering online, but id you don't know what you even want, it's a good idea to visit a store.
I think on the short list of spots to go, this would be the contender with Deja Vu.
This place is a bit quieter as I think it's farther from the strip / bachelorette parties.

The store had several friendly, knowledgeable, helpful female staff when I visited.
It was clean, well lit, and spacious, with a huge selection of nicely made items.
It had lots of lingerie and dresses, more brands and varieties of quality lube than I could have imagined, and tons of 50 Shades type toys.
It was not intimidating at all, and would be perfect for a first time visit from someone slightly nervous.
I am not a novice when it comes to toys and accessories, yet I appreciated one of the staff's suggestions and tips on using a couple of items.
I also appreciated the respectful way I was treated when I said even though I wanted a particular item after checking it out (Liberator chaise,) I would need to think about it and return.
I did end up buying a gorgeous, sexy pair of heels amongst other items.
Finding this store was one of the fun experiences of my mini vacation, and I will definitely be back.

Just another shady sex shop in a run-down plaza off the Strip, right?
Wrong-o, my friends: this place is clean, organized, staffed with friendly folks, clean, almost looks swanky, and did I mention clean?
It's hella clean.
This place is more of a boutique than the stereotypical novelty store.
The far left hand side is clothes, lingerie, and shoes, the middle has bachelorette party novelty goods, and the right has sex furniture, toys, and a limited selection of porn- but who pays for that these days anyway, right?
They also have a display rack of hand-blown (snicker!
) glass toys.
The glass and high-end stuff is priced high, but competitive with  what I've found elsewhere and/or online.
There's also a surprising amount of fetish gear including spreader bars, ball gags, and various 50-Shades-esque implements to spice things up behind closed doors.
Most impressive about this location is their selection of high-end stuff: from the furniture to the Lelo display, every item has a sample out for you to touch, turn on (wink!
), and examine before shelling out.
Location organization and cleanliness will make me a repeat customer here over any other chain in town.
There are also free hershey's kisses available at the register when you pay for your order- all this and chocolate too?
They definitely cater to women here!

