Extremely unprofessional!!!
Called, texted, and emailed about a property by Haven Homes.
I received an email back from Chuck Grossman stating that he is available to assist me further.
I called him @ 9am Monday morning to set up a time to view the property.
We agreed on 12:30.
Then I receive a call and a text message that "his boss" gave him a project and he couldn't meet me until 2.
I completely understood and rearrange our schedule to meet him at the house at 2.
I get to the house at 1:45 because I am always on time and the guy is already there, I thought to myself great, someone on time I am liking  this company.
I knock on the door and nobody answers so we walk in.
He is already there but with someone else ( hence the "project" his boss had him doing).
He told us he was with someone else, so we waited outside.
We waited outside for 20 minutes!
Chuck finally comes outside and says "sorry".
We said "sorry about what?
" He replies "well the house has already been rented".
Now he could have handle the whole situation differently.
He could have called or text me to let me know the home is no longer available.
I would have thought nothing of it.
But to have us drive all the way from Summerline to have my family wait outside for 20 minutes to tell us it is already rented is unacceptable.
He had us waiting outside to see if this deal aka "boss project" was going to fall threw.
If Chuck was just honest with me from minute one I would have never wrote this review.
If you are looking to rent from a company who is honest with integrity keep looking because this is not the one!

When you call it sounds and seems very professional.
However, I was scheduled to look at a rental, decided to see the reviews on the company and read the previous Yelp review.
Since it was pretty bad I called to confirm about the property.
Of course my scheduled meeting with the leasing agent had been canceled, yet no one told me.
The people on the phone are nice but the experience is negative since there seems to be broken communication internally.

I called Haven Homes because I was looking for a house with a pool and they said they had one available and made an appointment for me to view it at 2:00 that day.
Ryan from Haven Homes called me and we confirmed our appointment and were scheduled to meet at 2:00.
I arrived at the house 5 min till and waited for about 20 min.I called him, no answer.
I waited another 15 min, texted and called him, no answer.
At 2:45 I called Haven Homes told them what was going on and they said they would have someone get back to me.
Ryan ended up calling me at 3:00 telling me he had just received my messages and texts and that someone was supposed to contact me earlier that day letting me know the house had been rented already.
I understand mistakes happen and there are miscommunications but Ryan and Haven Homes should have taken the time to help me find another house instead of blowing me off.
Horrible customer service!

Same situation.
I called yesterday to schedule an appointment.
I made sure to ask if the rental was definitely available and I was assured it was.
I made the appointment.
Called today to verify and there was no record of me making it (even though yesterday  I received an email from the company detailing the appointment!).
Leasing Agent's name I was given was Ryan and I am not sure he even works for them.
The whole company is weird and I would not trust renting from them.
Stay away if you're renting, their is something weird going on there.

Do not rent from Haven homes.
they have the worse property management and customer service.they require you to use their pool service but I have a leak on the pump for 3 days now and the owner of the pool company haven't sent anyone to fix it.. its a crazy company managed by unprofessional incompetent people.I'm still trying to get a couple of problems taken care of in the house and we have been here for 2 months.
Once they get your money you are on your own.
they'll never answer or return your calls.
Ryan is the worse realtor I've had to deal with.

I am currently renting from Haven Homes and my suggestion would be to avoid this company completely!
They are terrible.
It takes a week for service repairs even an AC repair when its 110 degrees out.
Very poorly run and don't care about their tenants.

For the other posters who have had bad luck with this company and for future house hunters...this is a Foreign Corporation and they must follow strict rules and comply with the State of Nevada to keep their license to do business here.
All of you with complaints should contact the Nevada Division of Real Estate and file a complaint.
They could have their license revoked and it sounds like they should !!

