Awesome!
Authentic East Coast down to the apple cider and whoopie pies!
Open space just off Venetian Grand Canal food court, just walk up and order.
Casual, easy, welcoming.
I have been told the lobster roll options are more expansive than the options at Planet Hollywood location.
We had been told what were the personal favorites of the person behind the counter: the Original Maine Lobster Roll and the Cajun Lobster Roll.
We split these rolls and they did not disappoint.
FRESH, quality lobster served on a toasted bread like bun.
The roll comes in a Large for $17 or an XL for $23.
The Cajun was not incredibly spicy, but enough to make it interesting.
I would recommend for a casual specific food option for great quality lobster rolls while on Las Vegas Blvd.

This review might be a little unfair because I just had a fantastic lobster roll from the foodie fest event  that just rolled up here in Vegas from the Lobster Lady truck.
But here it goes.
LobsterMe's lobster roll was embarrassing bad.
First it hardly had any lobster.
I did only order the large but  the bread to meat ratio was about 3 parts bread 1 part meat, I would say less then 3 ounces of meat.
The roll was very dry, hard and a bit stale.
The menu did look pretty interesting and I was planning on going back and trying some other items,  but I don't think I'll be going back.
Honestly I felt like i was ripped off.

The Food was AWESOME.
Super friendly and was fast.
Had the Connecticut and loved it.
Will def be back.

This is another new addition to the Venetian food court.
I got the El Diablo roll as a combo that includes seasoned steak fries, small Coleslaw, and a medium drink.
A large El Diablo roll is $18, add $2 for the combo.
You get the equivalent of meat from a 1lb lobster placed in what looks like a grilled Texas toast roll.
The El Diablo is served warm a small amount of marinara sauce that is spicy hot.
On a scale of 1-10 , with 10 being hotest, mine was a 7.5.
I personally would have add some Tabasco sauce, but I wanted to try it the way they made it The lobster was fresh by Las Vegas standards.
The roll, coleslaw, and fries were also fresh.
Service was very good, everyone was friendly.
I really liked it, and next time I'll try the warm roll with butter.
For dessert, they have a variety of Moon pies that I didn't try this time, but definitely will next visit.

Loved it here!
Sahar took care of us!
Lobster lobsicle was wonderful.
I had it both ways: grilled and battered.
I think the grilled was my favorite.
The drinks were wonderful!
Really enjoyed my time here.
Very friendly vibe.

Well this place was my first dinner in Vegas...I got here right before closing...I got the Conneticut...I asked for the lobster to be on the side so the bread didnt get mushy(that request was ignored) when I did taste my food...I was a little let down...I knew it was lobster...however it was too chewy almost like a hard boiled egg...I didnt get the "extra large" thing either...i ended up getting a 7$ sandwich at the gas station that had more taste and was around the same size as this "extra large" sandwich...maybe that applies to the meat and not this size of the bread...I dont know...I'd like to say I would come back but I feel like I was cheated out of 29$ in some ways...but I did try it and now I know...I like to concept of this place and the expanding menu...but I'd say try it for yourself but stick with a regular size and no soda or fries:-)

Fried lobsticle!
Git it git it.
Not over battered/fried and plenty of flavor, don't even need to dip it in the butter.
Their lobster mary was also good.
Quite expensive, but also quite alcoholic, so that was A-OK in my book.

You loose a star for changing your menu so quickly.
The food is great!!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!

Try the el diablo.
It was amazing.
The coleslaw served with the food is also very good with some siracha.
I would have given this review a 5 if my girlfriends "Conneticut Roll" wasn't so bland.
However great service even after coming 20 minutes before closing and my food was awesome.

First time ordering a lobster roll and it was delicious!!
A whole pound of lobster in every roll and you can tell!
I split a Connecticut roll with my boyfriend and we were very happy with it.
It is slightly pricey and didn't really fill us up but the quality was great.
A decadent way to tie us over to dinner.

A new star at Venetian, and at a food court nonetheless!
They had a 2/1 offering on today only, mentioning "off the hook" so I went.
Small eating area which was crammed with people so I took my order to go.
Pricey but worth it for the ultra-clean taste.
Lots of peeps due to promotion so short line.
I enjoyed the Connecticut sandwich, their standard bear sammich.
It comes with a side of cabbage with just enough mayo to hold it.
The bread is cut from the top and grilled with the grilling on the outside.
Easy mayo holds the lobster together and you taste Lobster and more Lobster.
Very clean flavors.
Squeeze a bit of lemon and you've got it.
Can't wait to go back!

So, if I was going to die tomorrow...a few of their Lobsicles would be part of my last meal.
It's a fried lobster orgasm, plain and simple.
The idea is so simple:  a small (4 oz, maybe) lobster tail, shelled, impaled on a skewer and either beer-batter dipped and lightly deep fried, or grilled, and served with lemon and butter.
I think they must brine their lobster tails, since the flavor was outstanding and they were very juicy.
They don't overcook them at all; cooked absolutely perfectly.
I only tried the deep-fried version, but I had a total of 8 of them over the course of my six day stay.
A must-try...I'm hungry just thinking about it.

Pricey but worth trying!
Had the lobster tacos and wife had the warm Cajun roll and both were awesome!
It's something to try and it's different then most eateries.
Will be back to try more the next time I am back at Vegas.

The food is phenomenal!!
I could eat this every single day.
Staff is very friendly and great

What a huge disappointment.
We split a lobster roll and got 'The Connecticut' with fries combo.
The fries were very good, for sure and the reason for what stars I did give them.
The lobster however was the most over cooked lobster I have ever eaten.
It was so rubbery that it was tough to pull apart.
The staff was very friendly and helpful, very nice and respectful even.
They get a star too!

If you're looking for a tasty lobster fix on the Las Vegas strip without paying outrageous prices you'll likely find in most Vegas strip restaurants LobsterME is the perfect place to go.
Their lobster rolls are the best I've ever tasted, with soft yet crispy warm bread and more lobster meat than I expected!
As soon as I finished the first one I had to try a second one!

This was better than Red Hook lobster at NYC!
(I got the Diavolo)

is a ok,  expect to pay 40$ for two.
The food is good but the portion is small it dont feel like a pound of lobster on the roll like the ad say.

This was my first time trying a lobster roll and it was delicious.
We got the Connecticut , Diablo, lobster taco, Mac and cheese.
I believe the guys name was Anthony, he advised to get a combo meal since the sandwich and drink was the same price but without the fries.
The Mac and cheese was a bit spicy and we took it back and asked them to make a less spicy version for our son.
Lucia (I believer the owner or manager came out) and explained the cheese sauce was made that way and she asked us if we would like to pick another item.
We couldn't decide on the grill cheese or the hot dog and Lucia said she get us both and it's on the house.
The rolls were crisp and buttery.
The lobster were moist.
Each item runs about $17 but it's worth it.
If you are used to eating big portions, then the rolls might be a bit small for you.
The fries were crispy and tasty.
Everything was so good and tasty and they had great service.
I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.

Lobster Me was just OK for us.
I still think the lobster roll in Ogunquit, Maine is still the best and the freshest-tasting.
We had a problem with the lobster bisque and Cajun fries arriving at our table.
The lady offered us a free lemonade.
That was nice!
Note:  The lobster bisque takes a while to prepare as it's soup in a bread bowl.
I'm not sure why it was taking so long.
Then, they forgot the Cajun Fries.
Note:  You cannot charge the restaurant meal to your room at the Palazzo / Venetian.
That's too bad!
Another Note:  Go early for your meals 'cos they only have a few tables and chairs at their little restaurant space in the Grand Canal Shoppes.

Not impressed- $17 for a "worlds best lobster roll" & it was seriously the size of a child's sandwich.
Also, it was overcooked.
Really??
They could do better I don't care how expensive lobster is!!
Go somewhere else and save your money.

Wayy too overprice for the portion you get!
Some of my friends had more lobster meat than others.
Not fair lol.
Plus service looked a bit confused even with our numbers at our table.
I wouldn't come back to eat here.

$33 (double meat) for a lobster roll with fries and coleslaw and a drink.
The fries and slaw were fine but the lobster seemed a bit whack.
Not a lot of flavor happening.
If I would have paid $6 for the meal then we'd be talking maybe 4 stars.
Even without the ridiculous price, I was thoroughly underwhelmed with this meal.

Located at the main food court next to Houdini's magic shop  Really good lobster rolls, not great, but good especially for $18 for a small roll.
Served 4 different styles, I tried the "original Maine" style which is served cold.
I preferred it served hot but it was still good.
The other styles I believe are served hot.
Lobster tasted really fresh and the garlic bun was really good.
Only thing is that it needed more sauce, i believe it was a combo of mayo and something else but it was good, wish they put on more.
Way too pricey $18 for a tiny roll, it is really small and only enough for one person.
It is good, but definitely not worth it in my opinion.

Had the Original Maine lobster roll combo w/ lobster me seasoned fries and it was delicious!
Kids had the kids MAC n cheese and grilled cheese sandwich.
Place is very family friendly, service was quick.
I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.

I'm not a big lobster fan but this place was awesome.
We got a Connecticut roll and the lobsicle and I was in heaven.
I wasn't very hungry so I was just taking a couple bites from my partner's but ten we ended up getting another Connecticut roll.
So much lobster, so much butter, so much goodness on my tongue.
I'm glad my partner got sucked in looking at all the lobsicle ads everywhere cause it was definitely worth walking around the Venetian for 45 mins.

The food was very good and the staff provided friendly service.
However, this is still a food court, fast food-esque spot, and the prices were just too much.
My boyfriend and myself each ordered the connecticut roll and lobsicle and were happy with it; I just wasn't happy with the price for the amount of food that is served.

I was so excited to eat here!
I love seafood and thought this was a great addition!
I had the lobster tacos and I was sooooo disappointed.
The amount of lobster meat was pathetic.
It is soooooooooooooo ridiculously overpriced!
Like crazy over priced for the amount you get.
The tortillas where on the stale side.
I'd rather cough up more $$ and go to a nice restaurant where you pay for what you get for!
Almost $20 for tacos and stale chips!
No presentation just average!
The sauce is drowning the tacos that doesn't make them good!
It's the quality of Del Tacos Shrimp or Fish tacos   So disappointed, unless they fix it I don't see this place lasting sadly

SOOOOOO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!
4 and a half stars all day long!!!!
The only thing holding this place back is its limited size and seating.
It is kind on in a food court area at the Venetian/Palazzo and there is not a lot of places to sit.
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.
I had the combo which was $21, but came with fries, coleslaw, a pound of lobster in the role, and a drink.
Tasted great and was worth the price.
Oh, and the fries were well above average.
My wife had the lobster tacos and they must have been great because they were gone before I could even ask to try a bite.
It was something different, a little pricy but I feel it was worth it.

Fried lobster on a stick.. awesomeness.
I ordered that along with a lobster roll and lobster mac n cheese.
The stick was by far the best.
The Cajun lobster roll was very good.
The mac n cheese was ok. Not much lobster in it and the flavor wasn't anything extraordinary.
But i would definitely go back for that lobster roll.

Compared to all the other food court options, this place stands above the rest.
Price is just slightly more than the steak and shake burger combo, or the Nathan's hotdog combo, but....it's lobster!!!!
I had an awesome lobster roll, the fries were great too.
Fresh squeezed lemonade, it was a great meal.

Honesty do not know what to rate this place!
It was absolutely delicious lobster and absolutely expensive!
$17 and $21 with fries and a drink.
I shared the Connecticut lobster roll with French fries imagining a much larger roll but it was the tiniest of sandwiches.
Not sharable but we made do since it was too late.
The roll was delicious and left me wanting more!
The bread itself soaked in the butter from the very juicy and fresh lobster.
I will come back if I'm in a spending mood for lobster!

Tried it for the 1st time today and gotta say we enjoyed it.
Portions are kind of on the small size hence the 4 stars.
Luckily we were only looking for a snack and not a meal so the Connecticut lobster roll was able to hit the spot.
The bun roll was pipping hot and grilled to perfection.
The lobster meat was sweat and the butter really added to the overall taste of the roll.
We also ordered the chowder fries but that was a bit too salty for our taste.
Overall, a good place to get a snack especially if you are craving for lobster.

While waiting in line, starving, I was drooling and debating over which sandwich to go with and ultimately went with the classic maine lobster roll.
I pretty much always either get way too much food or not enough food, and of course this time I opted not to get the fries and drink for $4 more (In Vegas I know that's a steal, so I was mad at myself after I saw the size of the sandwich).
As others said, the potion size is tiny.
It said each sandwich  is a full pound, I obviously didn't measure it but it seemed small.
I feel that after so many people have mentioned the size, perhaps a "real life" size sandwich should be on display so people know what they're getting.
Size aside, the meat was fantastic as was the coleslaw that came with it (BONUS)!
I have been debating between 3 and 4 stars since I had this, a week ago, but have decided on 3 stars (3.5 if I could) due to not only the size but due to the fact that there was only one girl getting the orders ready on the outside of the kitchen.
She was incredibly efficient, fast, friendly and you could tell she knew what she was doing...but it was BUSY.
I watched her take off at least 20 orders at one time.
There really needed to be another person helping her...it was around 12:30 so it wasn't an unexpected rush.
Regardless, the food was great.
Next time around, I'd try a different sandwich (and hope it was as good as the Classic) and get fries and a drink so I could walk away full!

Two Claws Up!
Okay, first of all...people who are complaining about the price and quantity need to get a grip.
It's, uh, lobster.
And lobster is expensive!
So if you're looking for a cheaper thing, just go to Subway and get an imitation seafood sub.

