Brows too thick?
Need some weed whacking?!
WELL, the secret is OUT!
The amazing owners of Fabulous Eyebrow Threading present...the north location!
This location can be found right next to the garden center of Walmart at 215&Decatur!
There is a string of stores there now that everyone is now able to access!
Let me just welcome North LV to one of the best brow services in town!
Mearcy has stationed one of her best threaders at this new location!
I brought my parents in for their secret Grand Opening today, for which they made all of us look beautiful for free :) Seriously, she fixed my uneven brows and made them look more....hot.
Ha!
I am crazy happy that there is one closer to me now!!!!
Fine, fine, in being honest, I have been going to this threading business for a year now and it's really the only place that I let touch my brows.
they really know eyebrows, more than any of their other services offered.
when it comes to beauty, people need to find businesses they can trust, it can be a hard road to find the right one.
but FET is really knowledgable.
The crew that works here are patient, funny, and professional!
Not to mention they use -organic- thread so that it doesn't irritate or hurt your skin as much :D Remember that it is a beauty place, so if you want something very specific with your service..VOICE your opinion!
Don't be afraid!
So let the WORLD know, there is a new threading place in the North, and it's super reliable!!!
(You can look up their other location).
Not to mention, their brow service is cheap and only $10!!!
SPECIAL DEAL: I asked the owner if they were having more free events and he said, no, but for their Grand Opening month of March, they are doing a first time, $5 eyebrow threading special!!!!
you have to present a flyer.
So wander in and come out looking sexy!!!
Seriously, I'm trying to honestly help you all out because beauty doesn't usually come this cheap for a great job.

Love love love this place .check in special $5 you can't beat that price :)clean always,great job .best part close to my home .next to walmart garden center ,easy to find .

I live in North Las Vegas and was actually on my way to their Durango location when I saw they had opened another new location two minutes from my house.
I've always had a great experience there, they ladies are so sweet, the store is clean, and they always do a fantastic job on my eyebrows.
I'll be back in two weeks!

Great place to get your eyebrows shaped, honestly didn't hurt as much as it normally does due to the organic threading!
Does make a difference, just wish they had a shop in California where I live...thanks for the great brows!

I am so proud and excited for my Fabulous Eyebrow Threading La Familia for opening and expanding their fabulousness to the North side of Las Vegas!
We had a successful post-grand opening UYE event today, and I want to personally thank all of you who came through and made it such a wonderful experience!!
They couldn't do it all without all the customers of course!
You guys rock!
Love me my Yelp La Familia.
Thank you to Chand and Mercy for including me in your opening and helping me help you set it all up!!
(Theme of the day: La Familia aka Family, lol)  Continuing...
This was actually my first stop into this location, as it is about 30 mins away from where I live, but I just HAD to check it out!
When I walked in, of course I was greeted!
Customers always love a heartfelt greeting!!
This spot is a little smaller than the original location, but it is absolutely adorable!!
It gives off a contemporary/relaxing vibe, and with the wonderful ladies taking care of your eyebrows, it is pure perfection for 10 to 15 minutos!
Again, there are plenty of other goodies you may purchase, from handbags, perfume bottles, and even legit Beats by Dre for a cheaper price than retail!!
Just come and do you early Christmas shopping here!
Forget Wal-Mart!
Lol.
They offer the same services as the original location, where eyebrow threading is $10.
(If you check in on yelp, first time is $5!).
They use organic cotton thread, so it is great for your skin!
No complaints!
They also thread your lip, chin, or full face for decent prices!
My favorite service when I want to be Pretty is their Eyelash clusters.
Pro is that it is only $25!!
SAY WHAT??!!!
Yupppp 25 buckaroos for them natural, long, or glamorous eyelashes!
Get em ladies!
So, you probably get where I'm going with this... get your eyebrows done at this location if you're in the North side of town.
You will never be disappointed...  One last thing...after your eyebrows are fabulous, you can tell the world..."I woke up like dissss...
FLAWLESS!
" Lol :D

Dropped by for the UYE yesterday and was impressed by the speed and professionalism of the staff here.
I had tried threading once before a couple years back so I wasn't scurred, but this time seemed to go a lot faster.
You can be in and out in 10 min assuming there's not a wait, which there wasn't while we were there.
They cleaned up my brows and each time they finished 1 side they would hold up a mirror to show me.
Pricing is normally $10, but it's only $5 on your 1st visit.
They'll also give you a discount card on your 1st visit where every 5th visit is 50% off and every 10th visit is FREE!

Had a wonderful experience.
The staff is very friendly and makes you feel at home.
I've had my eyebrows done before and always cried cause of the pain.
Here, They were extremely gentle and careful; even gave me some advice for the in between care.
I highly recommend this place!

Awesome place to get your eyebrows done.
They were so welcoming and friendly.
My eyebrows were shaped perfectly and best of all, the entire experience was completely painless.
Apparently they special order their thread, which is 100 percent organic.
It definitely makes a difference.

I have been getting my eyebrows threaded for as long as I can remember.
I live in aliante but have traveled ALL and when I say all I mean ALL over the valley to find the perfect threading spot.
My experiences have been terrible and I was never truly satisfied with any place.
Through yelp I found Fabulous Eyebrow Threading on Durango and even though it's about a 30 minute trek from my house I faithfully made it every 2 weeks.
These ladies are beyond talented.
I have walked away a more than satisfied customer each and every time.
I am so happy that they have chosen to expand there business to North Las Vegas.
This location is only two minutes away from my house and it is just as clean and welcoming as the Durango location.
In my opinion there is no other place to go for eyebrows !

My mom always went to their Durango location because she's friends with the owner and it's close to her work.
I kept wanting to try them out, but wasn't willing to drive there.
On our way to Walmart, we saw their store and I finally got to try it out today!
I'm SO HAPPY they opened up a store here because it's only five minutes away from me and they're amazing at what they do!
I really wish that I remembered the two ladies' names that helped me out, but I'm really bad with names :( sorry!
and the organic thread really is less painful!
They also filled in my eyebrows with some eyeshadow and I really like it!
I only paid $5 because of my Yelp check in, and tipped another $5 because she was that good!
They also gave me lots of advice on how to help me grow out my eyebrows thicker, so I'm excited for that!
Not mention that they offer coffee and a bottle of water!
Definitely my new eyebrow place!
Anyone in the area should most definitely try it out!

Really great shaping!
The lady was nice but it was a little awkward since no one else was there.

Sorry posted to the wrong place.
Haven't been here

