The long wait for a Phoenix location has ended.
I watched as the sad abandoned Beefeaters building sat wilting away in the Valley heat.
I waited in anticipation as the news came out but to only see a pile of heap, rubble and a graffiti tagged building as I passed by, day after day.
I cried when the opening was delayed by two weeks.
( Yes, I was that impatient.
lol) Finally, "Wala" it is done!
I am now in, "Bookie Heaven.
" This is a multispace, unique location to include; the Indie bookstore, a southern themed restaurant from the Becketts Table chef, a garden store, and a bar.
Should be great when it all comes together.
Tonight was the grand opening of the bar, restaurant and book store.
What a great evening.
We love Changing Hands so are looking forward to many signing events and book browsing by that original stone fireplace.
Since it was a dress rehearsal, so to speak, they still are working out a few kinks.
One thing we noticed is that there is a long stretch at the bar.
The space between the serving area and the seats is not user friendly.
If you are sitting in the corner you might want to move over so the servers can really get to you.
We also noticed it was very, very hot in the store.
I never complain about that so it must have been pretty miserable for the other shoppers.
I am sure it will work itself out.
The staff is great, so helpful and knowledgeable, and the selection is wonderful.
They also have unique and funny shirts, wine accessories, trinkets, and gifts.
Welcome to Phoenix Changing Hands.
Daily shopping to ensue!

To say I am excited to finally have Changing Hands closer to me is an understatement.
The west valley is in major need of so many Indie businesses and thank goodness we have an Indie bookstore in the 'hood.
I was beyond nervous when I first donated money for the opening of this location and there mere days before it ended and several thousand were still needed.
But the community came through and from there I eyeballed the countdown like nobody's business!
My friend and I went to their opening night and we were not let down at all.
The parking lot was plenty big enough to fit everyone and the open space the bookstore is in has that warehouse feel to it complete with the 2 original fireplaces from Beefeaters.
The First Draft Book Bar is a very welcome addition to this location and I'm pretty sure I will be the owner of one of the bar glasses and T-shirts!
There is a large open space right behind the bar that looks to possibly be the spot for all the author visits and signings.
They won't have to move any bookshelves!
I can't wait!...especially since I was nervous they wouldn't host any events at our Phoenix location when I first heard it was going in.
Thankfully, they will start hosting events here in August (they held off not knowing if they would be open by then).
In fact, last night I preordered my book to see Damien Echols!
They have a restaurant attached and will soon have a garden store as well.
I'm now the proud owner of 3 books from the opening night and several photos to remember the nice evening at Changing Hands.
They have all the bookshelves I loved at their Tempe location...like top listed books.
But I especially love their Upcoming Events shelf because my favorite part of Changing Hands is their local events.
And just like at their Tempe location...they sell all the fun quirky gifts and stationary items.
The Phoenix location is nothing short of perfect.
My only gripe was that it was too hot last night and they need to pump up the AC a little bit more...especially with all the windows in the two front walls.
Other than that...I will be visiting my local Indie bookstore a lot more now that it is within normal driving distance!
This could be super dangerous.

Heinz was right.
Good things come to those who wait.
20 years after I first met Changing Hands in the old Mill Ave location, the newest addition to the CH family is worth the wait (and trek into Central Phoenix for the legions of suburbanites).
I went opening night and am confident they will continue to get even better in the next coming weeks.
As fresh as the opening was, everything, by what I could tell, still jumped heads over most, established businesses.
The care and thoughtfulness put into the development of this shop is apparent, throughout.
I can't wait to go back again, and again, once the immediate crowds of curiosity subside (just a bit; I don't want business to stop), and savor some of the fun wines and beers while browsing books.
I tried a new IPA while there and was really tickled to see the creativity of the menu.
In other words, I no longer have to trek far from home for my fill of literary love... and there's beer.
So, pretty much, I'm ready to get down on my knee and ask Changing Hands, CenPho, to marry me.
I see my gloating instagram posts, already, swimming in my mind.
Books and beer.
Changing Hands, you had me at hello.

I'm actually very upset by this bookstore....but only because it opened a couple of months before I will move out of Arizona.
;)  Although, I was content with book selection at the Tempe location, I am in LOVE with the Phoenix store and its hipster ambiance.
Even more interesting is the beer bar within the bookstore.
There is also an attached restaurant if dig southern food.
The used book selection is pretty slim but I'm assuming its because its new.
The presentation of books was clean and there were a lot of random but interesting paraphernalia (did I need a plastic squirrel that shot balls out of its mouth?).
The parking lot looked plentiful but I did have to circle around twice and hover in order to find a parking spot (Note: I'm not complaining being that I'm an LA native).
But the best part?
Similar to Half Priced Books in Biltmore, it is dog friendly!
I called beforehand and they confirmed that my 4-legged friend was more than welcome.
Although I would never imagine a EtOH + books would be a good combo, it somehow works and I'm hoping this will revive small business bookstores in general.

I'm new to the Phoenix area and scouting bookstores is always my first step in a new place.
I had the chance to share a carafe of wine and some lovely conversation with a new friend here in Phoenix.
I'm originally from Seattle and let me just say having a wine/beer bar in a bookstore is unheard of there.
This is such an amazing idea.
Drinking a glass of wine, reading a good book, chatting with neighbors..... heaven.
The only reason I took off 1 star is because I would like to see more selection.
There is a particularly weak children's section.
The books that are there, are well curated, but I'd like to see even more choices.
Maybe that will happen as the store is pretty new and just getting itself going.
I hope you all will support this place.
It's amazing to have a locally-owned, indie business plant roots in a community.
So help them out Phoenix!

