Another great Oregano's opened in the valley.
This might be my favorite Oregano's yet.
Great decor, and a fun motorcycle inside.
The restaurant even features a separate motorcycle parking lot in rear.
Great food and friendly staff.

We have been waiting a long time for Oreganos in Cave Creek.
We have been patrons since opening day in old town Scottsdale 1993.
You will have a wait but the food and atmosphere is well worth it.
The stuffed Número One-o has been a favorite from the start.
If you can handle the wait, you'll love the food and be a fan forever.
Maureen and Greg

Great atmosphere and excellent service.
So many restaurants have struggled in this location, I hope Orgeganos makes it.
Dave took great care of us.
We'll be back!

YAY!!!
We had the best experience here.
The service from everyone (mostly teenagers) was excellent.
They were all smiles, accommodating, and confident.
Everyone seemed willing and anxious to help each other out, which made our experience even better.
The food - well, it's Oregano's, so it's awesome.
Salads are huge and great, the pizza (we had Bistro Classic thin crust) is amazing.
And don't forget the pizzookie.
It's incredible.
Seriously back to the service, though.
We could not say enough great things about how we were treated, as though everyone was genuinely happy to see us and wanted to make sure every need and whim was accommodated.
We sat on the patin and enjoyed the sunset and music.
Beautiful views of Black Mountain too.
This is a great thing for Cave Creek - awesome food and service combined in a great restaurant.
Thank you for opening!!

Rumors were Oregano's was going to open in Cave Creek a year ago.
I thought, "There's no way.
" But I hope it was true.
Well believe your eyes - they're open!
I have been there for the past 2 nights enjoying the Lawrence Pizza one night and the Wings of Gold the second over a nice tap beer.
The staff is very friendly, polite an accommodating.
There were a couple of slight observations but I think they'll work out the kinks.
The management is really making efforts to make things right.
The kitchen manager even came out and asked how everything was - wings of gold - stuck the landing - 10!

Got there at 5:30 and I was told the wait us an hour and a half!
Forget that!
Also the entrance is set up so bad it's annoying!
You check in, enter, and exit all into a narrow doorway!
Really?!
The first '1-star' I ever gave!
Maybe they'll work the kinks out eventually but the doorway will remain the same!

I just don't get it.
This has to be the absolute worst Italian restaurant in AZ.
Really.
I tried Oregano's about 3 years ago and didn't like one bit.
After construing to the rave reviews of how good this chain is we thought we'd give another try.
Big mistake.
Maybe growing up in an Italian neighborhood back east where every restaurant was "homemade", spoiled me.
The pesto bruschetta was fine, but how can you go wrong with bread, cheese and pesto.
Cheesy garlic bread is garlic bread.
Then the pizza and the angel hair pasta.
A pepperoni thin crust.
Still the worst pizza ever eaten.
No taste at all.
Reminded me of a thin crust frozen pizza.
The marinara on the pasta was terrible as was the pasta itself.
This just confirms that people in the valley truly do not know good Italian food.
Bright spot.
The waitress was absolutely wonderful.

Had a great experience at Oregano's.
Our server, Jennifer was one of the best ever experienced.
We ordered some appetizers and were disappointed with the toasted raviolis which were overlooked and dry.
Jennifer immediately took the dish off our bill.
The Manager comped us a free dessert.
Nice touch!
We ordered cheesy garlic bread and the Lawrence Original.
Both were quite good.
The original pizza cookie was dessert and we thought we were in heaven.
Warm  chocolate chip cooked topped with vanilla ice cream.
We had to go bags as well as to go drinks.
Ok, it is not authentic Italian but still enjoyable.
If you want real Italian, try another place.
I will take my hubby back here.

This is my mothers review who is not active yelper:   Well all in my years of eating out (and trust me there are many) I have NEVER had such a terrible experience at a restaurant before.
I will NEVER eat at Oregano's again.
We went to the new one in Cave Creek with our friends, it was a 2 hour wait, so after a half hour we ordered to go but they said if our table opens up we can still sit.
So our table opened before our food was done and the staff sat us, on the way we told her we had ordered from take out and she said no problem, well after we were seated the waiter told the manager and he came over and accused us of stealing a table, when we explained that we had been waiting on the wait list like everyone else and were seated by his staff, he rudely brought some of our food in the to-go boxes even though we asked for it to be un-boxed, when I asked about the rest of the food he made another rude comment, it was so obnoxious that a women from another table turned to us and said how RUDE this man was, that we would like to see another manager.
It turns out the owner shows up at our table and asks if we would like him to call the police on us because we were swearing.
We thought he was joking at first, but apparently the waiter told him we were swearing.
Even the woman next to us was appalled!
We got up and left.
I said I will put it on social media he said go ahead we won't be the first (I can see why if that is how he treats his customers) He followed us to the car we did not want to talk to him, our friends stayed and explained, I think he was a little sorry when he heard the real story and not just the waiter who didn't want to serve someone who had ordered (which was stupid, he would have gotten a nice tip for doing half the work) Anyway the owner gave our friends a gift card, but too little too late.
People skills might have served him much better.
No loss didn't really care for the food anyway.

Under staffed and under trained staff.
Not your typical Oreganos experience.
Staff is rough.
A chaotic dining experience at best.
An espoused Chicago restaurant and no Blackhawks game only Ozzie and Harriet come on now.....Cave Creek is starving for any dining experience ...Time will tell....

Visited this location twice, and had a very bad experience both times!
First I just went for dinner.
We ordered a deep dish pizza for 3 of us to share.
We were told it takes about 45 min to cook?
Whatever, ordered anyways.
About 45 min later, a manager comes over and tells us he gave our pizza to another table by mistake.
He says he already put another pizza in and it would be ready in a few min.
About 10 min later he comes back with a pizza, a thin pizza.
We thought he was joking at first.
However, we weren't about to wait for another pizza so we ate it and left hungry, luckily the bill was comped though.
The next time was with a group of 15 people.
They DON"T TAKE RESERVATIONS!!???
We were told to send someone from the party an hour ahead to hold a table, like saving seats at a movie theater?
So me and another person arrive an hour before the time everyone else was coming.
3pm on a weekday.
The place was nearly empty however they still seemed uneasy about seating us, and tried to split our party into several tables.
We finally get things sorted out with the hostess and decide to hang at the bar.
Since we knew the pizzas take 45 min to an hour to cook, we decide to pre-order some for the table.
The bartender has to check with the manager, and we get a hard no, with no explanation.
I happen to see one of the managers hanging by the bar and ask him about it.
He tells me they have a catering thing and the kitchen is backed up (like I care).
We don't do preorders, it's our policy.
We bring up the reservations.
It's our policy.
So we've run into several of your policies that have inconvenienced your customer, just to make it easier for you!
A different manager comes over and asks us what is going on, we explain how we wanted to preorder.
He says that's fine.
Guess the kitchen wasn't so backed up after all?
He then tells us that next time we have a big party we should cater.
I even had to clarify if 15 was that big of a party?
Also, that he was encouraging us to cater, rather than visit the restaurant.
So we place our order and keep sitting at the bar until 4pm.
I then go to the hostess to get our table, just as the rest of our party starts to filter in.
Surprise!
She gave our table away!
Luckily another hostess who seemed to be the only intelligent one in there made arrangements to push some tables together.
Even though we were just told that none of the tables moved.
We get seated and the rest of the evening goes smooth.
Me as well as everyone in our party will not be returning.
On both occasions the staff seemed to only care about themselves, and made little effort to accommodate us.
Unfortunate because the food isn't bad.
And for anyone wondering, I have lived in Cave Creek my entire life.

Omgggg pesto penne baked pasta is a must try!
My favorite pasta on the menu by far.
Good pizza, decent beers on tap.
This specific location the staff is super friendly.
Very attentive.

I came quite a distance to meet friends here.
My expectations were high.
I have been hearing about Oreganos for years.
I was totally disappointed.
The garlic bread was like something I made when I was 5, Stale, cold, and, boring, and unappetizing.
Nothing special.
We ordered the pizza, can't remember what it was called.
but it had spinach, artichokes, kalamata olives, tomatoes, the most horrible, bland, cardboard thing I have ever consumed.
It just shows you how uneducated, and uninspired most of  these crappy chains are.
Not to mention how uninspired their clientele is.
It also shows how few good restaurants there are out there.
When we arrived there was about 30 people outside waiting.
really!
How sad.
Cave Creek......you must really suck!
I suppose when the alternatives are Harold's and the Cave Creek smoke house, anything looks good.
Pay another $5 in gas and go somewhere good.
Pay $10 and live it up!
Here's a better idea!
Open a shitty restaurant in Cave Creek and rake in the bucks!

We went here for pizza as we had been to other locations of this restaurant.
They were very busy and had to wait for a table, so plan accordingly.
However the wait was worth it.
Really good food, excellent service and our waitress, Jackie, was attentive, responsive, very friendly and professional.
Because they were busy they were a bit backed up, but without our saying anything, the waitress and the manager, Travis, stopped by the table, apologized for the busyness and went out of their way to make sure we knew they felt we were important to their business and that they were not meeting their own standards.
Very impressive!!
The food was very good and not everyone in our group had pizza but everyone had a great time and enjoyed the food, the ambience and especially the wait staff who were friendly, accommodating and made the visit very pleasurable.
Love this place and will definitely be back....frequently.

Looks like they have had a rough start at the new location - not our experience.
Two of us for lunch ... both with BIG appetites.
Ordered the Pablo Picasso salad and shared.
O M G .
So good, and so much food.
That's all we needed for lunch to satisfy us!
Great food, great service.
I am amazed each time I drive by at the lines there.
For a new location - to be flooded with customers - it's a great sign.
Keep up the good work.
I'll be back!

If you live in the Cave Creek area this is a welcome restaurant addition to the town.
It's busy all the time.
The food is good, and the servers really try hard to manage things.
It is like a locally owned Olive Garden   Don't expect haute  cuisine, just a tasty Italian meal that more than fills you up

I recently took 8 family and friends there for my Birthday Dinner.
Everyone is very nice there and attentive.
The Anti-pasta salad is my new favorite and I love the thin crust pizza.
Friends had lasagna and chicken parmesan and all the food was really good.
The only issue was our salads and garlic bread showed up very late but the staff was very nice about it and we were happy all in all.
It's a fun, busy, vibrant place so expect to wait a bit.
I prefer that actually - the food is fresh and good.
We have been there 3 times now and will be back for sure.
Great Prices too!

Waiting,  waiting,  waiting.
Don't they have staff.
Staff standing around doing nothing.
This sux.

This place is Great, but, you do have to go early.
At least by 4pm on weekends, any Oregano's in the Valley is this way, that shows how good they are.
This was our 2nd time here at this location and the staff is very friendly and attentive.
The food is amazing, we always have our usual, starting off with the "Oregano's Favorite Salad", along with the "Bistro Calamari"  then the finale of the "Puerto Penasco Carne Street Pie".
We always leave with a nice leftover package.
We are so HAPPY to have  Oregano's in this part of the Valley.

Her Royal Highness decided we'd take a friend to this spot as several neighbors said it was pretty darn good.
Aaaaah not so much!
It's not that the foods bad or the service is bad because the food is neither great or awful and the service is the same, neither great or bad.
The menu is confusing and  gave me a headache trying to figure out what to order but the real problem I had was the noise level.....
Forget about having a conversation at the table, unless your prepared to twist and shout!
Our server was bright and cheery and came to our table every 45 seconds or so to see if we needed anything, which to me is not always a good thing.
I would not tell you not to go but for my time and money, there are probably better choices to be made.
Not good, not bad ... You decide

I cannot tell you what the draw is to this place but it certainly isn't worth waiting for a table here.
The pizza was the worst pizza we ever had, anywhere!
It was bland, tasteless but with an occasional funky flavor mixed in.
Very expensive pizza when you consider the poor quality ingredients it is made with.
I can't complain about the service but they weren't overly busy when we were there.
This was our first time going there and we will never go back.

5 Stars/ 2 Thumbs up!
Awesome food, portions and price.
My favorite: "Oregano's Favorite" Salad, Sweet Potato Fries and Chicken, Chedder, Broccoli Pan Pizza.
Competent and friendly staff and management.
Servers are very attentive to your needs.
Entertaining, easy to read menu with a large variety of items.
Aesthetically pleasing and unique decor.
Motorcycle friendly with it's own reserved motorcycle parking lot.
Beautiful Outdoor patio.
Check out their website, it's pretty cool.
And, don't forget the famous Pizza Cookie!
Pro's:  1.
FOOD:  Mama Mia, I think I've died and woke up in Oregano's heaven.
Service and staff:  They are attentive to your needs, have personality, and make you feel right at home.
Highly Visible Management: Not afraid to get their hands dirty.
Always walking around and available to you.
Outdoor dining:  Cave Creek location has one of the nicest outdoor dining patios around.
A big Mesquite tree covers the patio for shade.
Reserved motorcycle parking: I'm not talking about a few spaces.
This location has it's own motorcycle parking "lot" overlooking the beautiful outdoor patio.
The bar:  It's kind of like a small version of Cheers.
Cold, tall beers on draft.
Try the Bellini.
Cons:  1.
No outdoor bar:    2.
No misters on Patio.
Busy.
This place is top notch, so you have to expect that.
It is worth the wait though.
Put your name on the list, then take a drive into Cave Creek for a bit to check out the town.
Or just go for a scenic walk while your waiting.
It's a bit cold inside.
Ladies, bring a light jacket.
No WiFi.

Great Food and Great Service.
Our go to restaurant in Cave Creek!!
Sad so many schleppers come to CC to review OUR restaurants and leave bull shit 1 star reviews.
This place is a gem and we LOVE the food and service.
Pretentious Yentas from Phoenix leave your 1 star reviews at home!
Cave Creek is a tough town to exist and we do not like people disparaging our establishments.

Our family loves this place.
The food is so good and generous portions of everything.
The servers are all so great too.
So happy you came to Cave Creek.

This place is a great addition to Cave Creek.
No wonder there are always lines out the yazoo and parking is at a premium---we have needed a place in town that provides tasty food at reasonable prices in a fun, casual atmosphere.
I find their thin crust pizza perfect---just enough crust to get yummy toppings to my mouth and cut in convenient squares.
I love the Pablo Picasso salad.
The sausages and peppers and onions are delish.
Service is pretty good considering the traffic===they screw up, but they fix it with grace and speed.
I am really happy Oregano's has come to town!
And kudos to the company that they spent the time and money to rehab one of the oldest buildings instead of tearing it down.
I think that says a lot.

Once again I decided to call ahead and was told there is a long wait about 45 minutes.
Decided not to go again.
what kind of place everyday has such a long wait for dinner and it is only 5:30pm on a Tues in summer.
Give me a break.
I will wait until all of the hoopla dies down.

Great Food and Great Service.
Our go to restaurant in Cave Creek!!
Service is top notch and the food is delicious.

Several people had told me that Oregano's had great pizza so I stopped in to order a pie to go.
I ordered the Aunt Marguerita with thin crust.
(Fresh tomatoes with fresh fresh basil.
) I tasted it right away (while it was still fresh) and it was one of the worst pizzas I'd ever had.
Their cheese blend is funky and very stingy.
Their crust was was tasteless and like cardboard.
And, perhaps, true to their name, there was an over-whelming flavor of oregano.
Too much.
Costco's pizza is 100 times better than what I had at Oregano's.
The woman at the cash register who helped me was delightful, however.

