The dumplings are pretty good and are all handmade in the back.
They have a limited selection daily so be sure to check with the front what dumplings are available that day.
So far I've been here twice and have had the Deep ocean scaled fish dumplings and the Beef dumplings.
Both were quite tasty.
Each time I've gotten Combo #1 which is the price of congee+dumplings and they throw in a free dish of pickled vegetables.
The dumplings come in two sizes (12 and 16 pieces).
The framework of the business seems to built on their organic and fresh ingredients.
You can also get the uncooked dumplings to go and as far as I can tell they're $1 off the cooked price minus the tax.
Overall its always good to have more selection into he UW plaza and the addition seems to be quite decent this time.
My only complaint is the speed...
It takes over 30min to get your order!
Hence I'm knocking off a star for an originally 4-star review.
For reference I came in during rush hour dinner dine in and lunch take out.

I ordered pork+kimchi and chicken+zuchini dumplings.
The dumpling wraps were very chewy (they make their own wraps) unlike the stale store-bought dumpling wraps.
The meat fillings were very tasty.
I rarely eat out in Waterloo because most, if not all, restaurants put way too much salt and MSG in their food (like you would feel very thirsty after meal and gross out because of too much oil in the food).
But not in this dumpling place.
Without MSG, their dumpling fillings were still flavorful and juicy (especially the chicken+zuchini one).
The flavor was not too strong and felt like home made.
I also had a seafood congee, which was surprisingly full of fresh seafood.
There were at least 3+ fresh scallops in the bowl and tons of mini shrimps.
The congee was creamy and not watery.
The congee soup base was made up of fish head soup.
And of course, no MSG.
However, I was hoping that there would be more soup/juice in the dumpling fillings.
But again, given their restaurant is quite clean, the owner is very friendly, and the food is indeed healthy, I would definitely come back again.

The food is homemade/authentic and you can tell.
Definitely a breath of fresh air from all the MSG-flavored food in the other UW plaza Chinese restaurants.
Would agree with the other review that the dumplings did not have enough soup/juice but they were otherwise perfect.
Another thing is the menu is fairly limited in selection.

I love dumplings and these are no exception.
It literally feels like your auntie visited and gave you some homemade dumplings.
If you get a combo, you'll get some interesting (but watery) congee and some Chinese pickled vegetables along with your dumplings.
Now, the vegetables are a strange topic for me.
I hate mustard tubers with passion, but I will eat their's willingly.
Even their eggplant (with hints of coriander) was good.
Strange, but good.
I think it's because it has flavour but not the kick in the face I was used to from the packaged kind.
You might have to add sugar to the congee.
They also serve a Chinese-style breakfast in the morning.
Now, the language barrier is the main problem.
Only one of them can somewhat speak English.
The rest will call out your order number in mandarin.
Sometimes, they will tell you something and it might sound blunt or rude, but I'm just gonna tell you right now that they're saying a literal translation of mandarin, which can be like that sometimes.
I just want these nice ladies to succeed so bad - I'll even volunteer to clean up and clarify their menu for them.
You can tell it's their first small business.
Lots of kinks, but I hope it works out.
Even their stoves look like something you might have back home.
I went twice in the span of two days.
They're so good, ugh I want some right now.

A healthy choice for lunch or dinner in the plaza!
The dumplings are homemade and are very soft.
I had the carrot + beef dumplings and they were quite delicious.
The congee is fairly cheap at 2$ a bowl so whenever I have spare change, I stop by and grab one.
Give the place a try!

People who know me, they know I love dumplings!
With the demise of New Asia Fast Food, there has been a hole left in the local dumpling marketplace.
But now there is Grace and Healthy Premium Dumplings and all is right in the world again!
I really enjoy their Pork and Kimchi Dumplings.
I can order 16 at a time and get my fill!
The nice people who run the place are really friendly, too, and although English isn't their native language (and I don't speak Mandarin) they have always made me feel welcome, and that, in addition to the tasty dumplings, is what brings me back again and again.
If you love dumplings too, you should give it a try, I believe that you will be glad you did...

What a nice new addition to the UW plaza food offerings!
Based on a review we decided to stop by yesterday afternoon and ordered some dumplings.
With no expectations, we were pleasantly surprised and thoroughly enjoyed our take out order of a dozen "deep ocean scaled fish dumplings with nappa cabbage and coriander flavour".
Dumplings were boiled to perfection and served with home made hot sauce.
Delicious and not salty and no MSG.
There was no long wait.
About 10 minutes for our small order.
In the mean time,  we took notice of some interesting tidbits and trivia on how to achieve and maintain good health through the use of herbs and natural methods  Shop owners had all of this information displayed on some stylish wall art and posters.
This is definitely a place we will visit regularly for some healthy and tasty dumplings.
Prices are very reasonable and the service was wonderful.
Owners were polite and appeared to be appreciative of our patronage.
Restaurant is new and very clean.
There's nothing comparable to this in the Waterloo Region.
Anyone working in the natural health industry or patrons looking for vegetarian and healthy eating options should check out this place.
You'll like it.

So it's been a few weeks since I've been back and they made a few changes.
The most important one being the addition of Kevin, the owner's son.
He is a super nice kid and speaks fluent English so the language barrier's gone.
Yay Kevin!
Kevin explained to me that they updated a few of their congee recipes to be less watery - they read their yelp reviews and take them pretty seriously.
They also added some buns to their menu.
We tried the marinated beef one and the filling inside shocked me at how good it was.
It tasted like it could be a dish on its own that people would order.
One thing that deters me from buns is the soggy bottom that you sometimes get from steaming them and they don't have this at all!
The dough is obviously handmade and tastes different from the super sweet buns you'd get in the frozen aisle.
A pleasant change - it feels like you're eating real food.
Even their homemade chili oil is amazing, I just want to smother everything in it.
A little tip: their dumplings and congee are surprisingly good for a hangover.
Overall, I'm really glad there's a place for more wholesome options in the plaza.
The walls are now adorned with plaques that tell you about the ingredients and preparation methods they use in their dishes, which reinforces that they strive for healthy but delicious food.
I can't wait for school to start so I can go back again.
And if you do go, say hi to Kevin :)

We tried this little place on Tuesday evening.
What a pleasant surprise.
The decor is clean and inviting, the staff is friendly and welcoming (Kevin).
We ordered the Seafood Congee (just had to try it!
) and the beef and carrot dumplings.
The dumplings are delish - home made, tender, delicate, juicy and flavourful.
Best of all there is a supply of condiments, chilli oil, soy, vinegar and even sugar on the table so one can mix a dipping sauce to individual taste.
I love it!
The seafood congee is loaded with freshly cooked shrimp, scallops and fish.
Kevin told us they use a whole fish in it and make the stock themselves as well.
Can't wait to go back again and try some other items.
We're very impressed with their emphasis on good wholesome, fresh and healthy ingredients.

Although it is a bit pricey for just dumplings, they make up for it with great service and delicious dumplings!
When i went for the second time, they were short on side dishes.
So they made up for it by giving us two eggs and other side dishes.
I think the service is outstanding and the environment has a very home-ish authentic feel to it.
The dumplings are hands down some of the best dumplings I've tried.
It is cooked perfectly and the skin is just the right thickness.
The filling is delicious and tastes super good and healthy.
I will definitely be going back to this place

Dumplings are exceptional + healthy.
Probably the best quality dumpings I've ever had (I'm not the biggest dumpling person).
Service was less impressive and slow.
Would still definitely recommend trying it.

Had the napa cabbage dumplings which were absolutely delicious.
The food came out kind of slow though and the service was hardly there.
Also, dumplings only come in servings of 12 or 16 which honestly is like a light snack for most people.

