Very good sushi...
Surprising place... Nice people but they should have full wait service instead of ordering at the counter.
Other than that, no complaints.
Kabuki is right across the parking lot but their quality is not as good.

I wanted to get away from fast food at westgate and I was on my break so I decided to head on over!
The staff is so incredibly nice and helpful!
Even when I order the tea too late, they have it to me for free (which I added in a tip) and try got my food out quickly!
Now, I'm new to sushi so I decided to get the bento box and oh my gosh!
It was amazing!
The spicy teriyaki beef is my favorite and the California rolls are so amazing!
Now whenever I have a break, I'll probably head over there!
P.s.
I'm obsessed with the tea!
This is my new favorite place!

The other day was the first time trying out this new restaurant, that replaced the coffee/pastry shop.
Owner is very welcoming and her sushi is delicious.
Much better than other sushi restaurants around the city.
I tried the Eel and Vegetable Roll as well as the Crunchy Crap Roll - so good!!
Definitely recommend the Eel or Crunchy Crab... Never been a fan of Vegetable Sushi.
The Shrimp Tempura Bowl is delish as well.
So is their Vanilla Latte - will be trying the Americano next time!!
Enjoy Sushi Cafe - thank you for you yummy food and coffee.

Some of the best sushi I have had in the area!
Their lattes are no joke either!
Will come back every time I am in town!

Best in the city, sushi at a affordable price.
Owner gives a 20% military/veteran discount.
They can make sushi the way you like it.
We love the tuna lover, and spicy tuna rolls.
The place gives a welcoming feeling, and has a fun atmosphere.
Kids are welcome, its a chill environment,  I don't have to wear a tux and go broke to enjoy, fresh delicious sushi.

Sushi is good and the employees are super welcoming!
They offer 20% military discount and they also deliver.
If you are looking for a place to get sushi quick I suggest this place!

This sushi joint has all sorts of character, from the decor to the food itself!
The sushi is well priced and super delicious.
The customer service in this place is bar none thee most excellent I've had over the past few months, very warm and very inviting.Something that really sets them apart from the run of the mil "lunch special" sushi, is the fact that they have dank coffee and also bomb ass sushi.
If had to rate between 1 and 10, it would get an eleven!

So we were driving though Glendale on our way to the Grand Canyon.
We wanted to eat something that wasn't deep fired and this place was very refreshing.
The sushi was  fresh and tasty the workers were super nice to me and my kids!!
we also enjoyed the price very affordable.

Great quality sushi at a very affordable price.
Went here for lunch and got the spicy salmon and spicy tuna rolls.
Fish was good quality and the rolls were well made and tasty.
Staff was extremely friendly and helpful.
Will definitely come back.

Excellent service, exceptional sushi, great prices!
This is a great, casual, lunch spot!
We will definitely come back, plus they deliver to the Westgate area!

This place is proof you do not have to spend a ridiculous amount of food for absolutely delicious food.
Service was wonderful.
I got the shrimp tempura bento box and every bit was yummy- for only $10 you get a side salad, meso soup, 4 pieces of california rolls, 5 decent size pieces of shrimp tempura, and a large amount of steamed rice.
It was the perfect amount of everything.
We also were able to try their sweet iced tea, which I recommend to everyone!
I can not wait to come back!

Great little place me and my girlfriend decided to go to after working at the stadium.
Food was great!
Staff was great!
And the food was great!!
I will be coming back every time I'm back out here!!

This is a cute little spot to fix your sushi craving.
To my surprise there's a lot of food options -- bento, salads, wraps (non-seaweed), rice bowls and even coffee drinks!
I'll definitely be coming back

Just ate here today.
The sushi was good for the price.
But the Poke Salad was amazing!
I'm a Poke snob and this poke was fabulous, the salad dressing was tasty and there was quite a good amount of fresh avocado mixed in with other greens.
Best Poke I've had in Phoenix.

Excellent service, casual atmosphere.
Coffee was a little weak, but the sushi tasted very fresh and was prepared nicely.
Try the red figi roll, it's a new favorite of ours.
Delicious rolls and very reasonable prices.
I will definitely be back!
Sorry about the picture, we ate it too fast so half is missing in the photo.
It was a beautiful presentation before we devoured it.

