Friendly staff.
Great drinks.
Delicious salsa.
And most importantly the exquisite ice.

I expected the typical airport burrito - big price, small portion.
I was glad to be wrong.
While the first half was mostly potato, the second half made up for it with egg, cheese, and sausage.
Only regret- not getting the salsa.

YUM!
Great breakfast and service--in an airport?!
SO SO good!
French toast, sausage, eggs over medium; even their ice tea with fruit infusion is fantastic.
Sat at counter: served politely and efficiently.
Excellent experience!
Matt's and Sky Harbor Airport are recognizing Phoenix and Arizona well.
Makin' this home girl proud!

Do not miss the chance to enjoy this local favorite!
I was so excited to learn that Matt's  Big Breakfast opened a spot in the airport.
A real treat.

Charge your phone, drink your beer, and have an epic burrito.. What more could you really want?
We didn't get them but the server told us how amazing the waffles are, definitely on our list for the next time we come back.

Really wish I could give this 3.5 stars, but system won't let me.
Ate here last week while on a layover.
Could not pass up trying the Bloody Mary (even though I don't actually like vodka) once I saw the bacon!
The cheese was a little weird, not gonna lie.
Also had the enormous Reuben sandwich, which was really delicious.
Service was great, friendly, food was plentiful, and the atmosphere was comforting.
Would definitely eat here again if given the chance.

OMG!!!
Talk about awesome and great food in an airport!!
Loved the French Toast, thick peppered bacon and sausage and the syrup was AWESOME!!
I don't usually rave about syrup but I found myself dipping every thing in it.
My server was Mauren and she couldn't have been friendlier or quicker.
Only thing I wish was they served my Diet Coke.
But after that meal I can't complain.

So I had the pleasure of eating at both locations while in PHX and this one out did the original!
I had this gin, lemon and soda water drink which solved my pissy attitude towards the airport :).
For food I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup and added bacon to the grilled cheese.
They had awesome buttery bread and the soup was nice and thick.
Every employee seemed like they were having a great day which helped as many of us were grumpy from canceled and delayed flight.
Prices were good so I strongly recommend!

I have to give it four stars because there is nothing else like it at the airport.
Very, very trendy.
Good service.
Reasonable prices.
Delish food.
I had the traditional egg, etc breakfast and the only thing traditional were the eggs.
Toast was presented in a fun way and tasted great.
Definitely high quality bacon but maybe too much pepper on the edge.
Orange juice tasted freshly squeezed.
Potatoes were yummy.
Next time I'm going to try one of the waffles.
This part might surprise you...I wasn't departing or waiting...I just landed at 9pm and saw it on the way to exiting the airport and knew that it was going to be a better meal than fast food on the way home.
Go Matt.

Staffing needs work.
I'm at an airport.
I want a breakfast burrito.
They took my order and 20 min later I asked for a refund.
Ni complaints from me.
I just have to go.
There are 4 burritos ahead of me.
Manager starts yelling at the staff, refunds my order and takes someone's elses burrito and gives it to me.
I'm like look its ok I don't want you to throw together an order.
Relax.
He doesn't.
Burrito that he hands me after I take it and run to my flight, is completely different and a mess nor cooked.

Love this new breakfast option in Sky Harbor!
Been there twice now (first time was late afternoon).
The service at the bar was friendly and fast both times.
Bacon Bloody Mary's adorned with cheese, pepperoncini and a thick slab of pepper bacon are a must!
The waffle is light and fluffy and delicious.
The omelette is big, cheesy & comes with mounds of home fries perfectly seasoned.

Very disappointed the second time around.
Service was awful as in she took my order delivered it and never once came back to see how it turned out.
When I was leaving I told her how awful it tasted she said sorry have a great day.
My french toast was so undercooked and burnt on the outside I couldn't even finish it.

I travel a lot....thrilled with new restaurant options.
Matts is first disappointment.
20+ min for a less than mediocre Reuben.
Olive & Ivy much better and worth the hike to A gates.....and most likely faster!

Nothing worse then a cook that can't make eggs over-medium.
Potatoes were good but the Thick cut bacon is seasoned with way to much pepper.
Nice friendly staff.
Will have to try something different.

Tuesday, 1:00PM.
Caught them dealing with a rush.
For those ordering pickup, there was a slow moving line.
For those dining in, there were delayed orders.
Poor customer rep at the register did her best to handle the wave.
Quickie: +Clean +Menu variety  And then...?
Actual sandwich was decent.
Delay in getting food (+15 min) because of understaffing.
Willing to give MBB another go.
********** Stuffed my face in: 1.
Classic Reuben      +Sauce complemented corned beef into savory bursts      -Chips were stale      -Pickle lacked crunch  Constructive comments: *Compost and clear recycling bins *Sustainable cutlery *Streamline system to handle patrons who are dining in and taking out

I've been to Matt's three time now and the service here is just slow.
The food is great when you get it but 15 before anyone even took my order at the bar?!?
I had my water and left.
The bloody Mary's are great and the food is awesome, just make sure you have time and patients.

Matt's at Terminal 4 in Sky Harbor.
What a great concept (adding a full bar).
The restaurant and bar, counters and tables are just beautiful.
Nice decor that reminds you of Matt's downtown.
However, the food here is just not the same.
Scrambled eggs were dry and seemed like they had been cooked for a buffet.
Potatoes not as good as the original.
Toast was superior (they must have stayed with the same baker).
I saw so much food being thrown away (folks just weren't enjoying their breakfast).
Overall, I was disappointed.
I'll give Matt's another try next time I travel and hope the quality returns.
Come on Matt, get it together and serve quality breakfasts like you are known for.

We decided to go to the Phoenix location for Father's day breakfast.
Hubby saw them featured on Triple D.  While yes the wait was long (almost an hour) we felt the food was well worth it.Hubby and I don't like blueberries and I am not a real big fan of eggs, but their blueberry jam is so amazing I wanted to buy some to take home (which you totally can!).
They even cooked my eggs the way I wanted (done very well) without me having to send it back to cook longer.
The food was so much and so good that we couldn't finish, but we wanted to so badly.
Will definitely come here again and wait.

Fast friendly service.
Thanks Alexa!
Food was delicious.
Loved the handmade sausage patties.and rosemary potatoes.

