Loved it and they accepted me as a walk-in even though their closing time was hours earlier.
They provided wonderful service and my nails look great I'll definitely be coming back

This is my new regular place.
VERY friendly staff makes you feel welcome and is very attentive.
When they say spa day this is the kind of place I love to go to.
Equipment is new and clean and staff is very professional.
A+ to this new place I'm loving it!

Awesome pedicure and really really nice family that owns it.
Everyone was very pleasant and polite.
They spend a lot of time on your nails.
Very nice massage.
Callous removal done perfectly.
Very clean.
Highly recommend.
Tami did my nails.

As a regular to Tempe Square I had heard a lot of good things about this new place.
I stopped in today for my first pedi and absolutely loved it.
Not only is the place ADORABLE - very pretty décor - but the people are awesome.
The pedicure was also top notch.
Since I spend pretty much all my time barefoot let's just say I (and my husband) ;) really appreciate a callous removal done right.
These guys have those magical grater thingies that many salons don't for a comfortable and very effective job well done.
Did I mention the place is also super cute?
That's a nice bonus to us girls.
Try them out and you'll see what I mean.
You really don't need any more reason to support a business with top notch customer service, great prices and excellent treatments, but by going here you are also helping a girl with a dream to own her own biz be successful.
The owner is super smart, sweet and friendly and her team (I'm looking at you, Kevin) follows suit.
So do it - get polished up pretty!

My daughter and I came in today for a pedicure.
Extremely nice people, lots of fun, and the salon is tastefully decorated and very clean.
We were very pampered, and my daughter is thrilled with butterfly wings art on her toes, done by Roxy.
The lady who did my pedicure told a funny story about her sister and a pedicure stool (ask her), and then she laughed and laughed, and she has a truly delightful and infectious laugh!What a refreshing change from some other nail salons in  north Tempe where they can't get you in and out fast enough and act like they are annoyed you are there.
Thanks for polishing us pretty, we will most definitely be back!

I was SO EXCITED when Polish Me Pretty opened next door to Changing Hands and Trader Joe's.
I went in on Friday, with high expectations, and am pleased to tell you that they exceeded all my expectations.
The atmosphere is lovely.
The technicians really know what they are doing.
And, to top it off, they are very reasonably priced.
I have had many manicures and pedicures in my life, and the folks at Polish Me Pretty delivered one of the best I've ever had.
The pedicure was phenomenal; I work retail and my feet were nasty, but they were utterly unfazed, kind and gentle, and at the end of the pedicure, I was more relaxed than I had been in months.
I cannot say enough good things about this place.
Love, love, love it!

My friend recommended this new salon and my roommate and I decided to treat ourselves to pedicures this past weekend.
I called and easily made an appointment for later that afternoon.
We arrived and the spa is really cute.
It is a "nail bar", and not a salon, in that there aren't individual stations lining the whole space.
They have a manicure area in the front and the back is the spa chairs for pedicures.
Mindy (the owner?
) did my pedi and she said they'd been open for about 7 weeks.
I thought she did a really great job and it was a pleasant experience.
I only have two minor complaint, the first is that they don't have any TVs and the music they play is world music.
Not that I don't love world music, but I wish it was a little more aesthetically stimulating.
Second is that we made our appointment for 4pm but my friends' manicure didn't start until 10-15 minutes after mine, which was a little awkward but he didn't mind.
I'll probably be back since it's closer than the place I usually go

I just had my second pedicure here and enjoyed it thoroughly.
The employees are very friendly and take their time doing your nails.
You don't feel rushed.
Everything is always fresh and they are continually expanding their color options.
I enjoy the relaxing atmosphere.

I am always looking for the great Mani Pedi.
I am always looking for a shop that is super clean and does a great job!
Well, this is it!
Very Clean , family run.
They are all there working as well.
So they make sure it is a wonderful experience.
It is clean ,smells good and looks great.
We got wonderful pedicures every time.
They are friendly and take there time, but do not waste your time.
I also get the pedi mani together because, it is a good price and I have my real nails ,not the artificial  type.
I like this place a lot and will  go back in the next few days as well.
Certain days parking can be a bit tight, because, there is Changing Hands Bookstore and Trader Joe's as well as a few other places there.

Happened upon this place on its grand opening and I have been coming back ever since!
Really, really adorable and pretty decor inside.
Very nice technicians and a great pedicure with hot stone massage (yes, please!).
My nails have always looked great and the polish has lasted a long time.

Meh.. its all i can say.
I went here because of the rave reviews, but i didn't see anything special about it, and I've had better.
I also waited over 45 minutes past my appointment time because they were understaffed that day.. i get that people call out and i have patience and forgiveness.. but may offer 10% off for the long wait?
that would have me coming back for sure.
the one thing that i really liked about this place is that the nail tech opened a new tool package before getting to work on my nails, so i appreciate cleanliness!

This place is such a gem to have in the Tempe Square area!
The salon is darling, very clean and I appreciate that the entire staff speaks clear English.
They are all welcoming, friendly and accommodating.
They are not pushy or loud and are very clear about their prices so you know what you're paying for.
It's excellent service for reasonable prices.
Nancy is an absolute doll!
I'll definitely be returning with my sisters and friends!

My experience was great.
It is a very clean place.
My service wasn't rushed.
I liked how they took their time and made sure I was satisfied.
Will definitely go again during my time in Arizona.

First visit there and I loved the artists energy.
They were clean and took extra time on my mini massages.
I'll definitely be back again.

Tried this place for the first time today, and was pleasantly surprised!
I was a walk in on my lunch break and was seated right away although there were not too many ladies there.
This place is super cute, clean, great service, and has plenty of polish choices!
I did park a little farther as its close to TJ's and WF, but hey we can always use a few more steps in our day right  :P  Im pretty picky when it comes to mani/pedi services, and this place delivered!
Not to mention the lady who helped me got down on massaging my calves!!
(she def took longer than she should have, but Im not complaining!
)   Anyway, just go here already and get pretty, you'll love it!

Great attention to detail.
Full service from the welcome at door, a complementary water bottle, to the getting the works for a pedicure!!
Great place and will return!

Loved my experience here.
Was greeted promptly, was seated promptly.
But my services were not rushed whatsoever even though I came within the last hour of the day.
The lady who gave me my pedicure took her time with my leg and foot massage.
The place is super clean and so were the tools.
The best part for me is that the place did not smell toxic like some other places I have been to here in the valley.
Everyone was friendly.
And I thought the price was very fair.
I would definitely go back.

Amazing!
Super friendly, huge color selection (best Gel variety bar none) and amazing service.
I've found my new nail salon- believe the reviews, they do great work!

What a cute shop!
Everyone was super friendly.
I was offered water several times.
They really care about their customers and even when they are busy they never show any stress.
Everything is taken care of with a warm smile!
It's amazing how popular they have become with only being open for 4 months!
They also have the biggest selection of regular and gel polishes to choose from - you name a brand or color, they've got it!
My only reason for not rating this 5 stars is because I like a VERY thin line on my French manicure tip, and expressed that I wanted it very thin, but she did not make it thin enough and acted surprised/unusual about how thin I wanted it

