So I was pretty bummed when Sportman's closed, I really enjoyed that place.
I was curious to try its replacement The Tavern to see if it lived up to its predecessor.
It's definitely a different concept than Sportman's, it's no longer a Wine Bar and is more of restaurant.
The menu offered lots of options from charcuterie boards to lobster rolls.
My husband and I weren't too hungry, so we chose the heirloom tomato salad and lamb burger to share, and I had the Shandy for my beverage.
They split both orders for us which was nice.
The salad had a fantastic pesto dressing and included perfectly ripe tomatoes and creamy goat cheese, it was very good.
The lamb burger was fantastic too, it was cooked a perfect medium rare and was quite juicy and bursting with flavor as it was topped with feta and arugula.
My Shandy was also good, it included wheat beer with lemon and basil infused syrup.
Our server explained that their cocktails are different in that they don't use any liquor, just beer, wine or sake.
Our meal at the Tavern was quite good and service was very welcoming and on point.
My only complaint is that it's a little overpriced, the burger was $19 and the salad was $15.
I guess that's to be expected in the Biltmore area, but it will deter me from coming here as often as I would like.
That being said I would recommend trying out the Tavern.

As regulars of Tarbell's, we had high expectations for the Tavern.
And it totally delivered!
Braden was our server, and was was fun and knowledgeable about the menu.
One of the staff saw that we had be sitting for a moment or two waiting to order, and he brought us a plate of Truffle Bikinis which were delicious little grilled cheese mini-sandwiches.
I ordered the cheeseburger with house-made potato chips - best burger that I have ever had!
For dessert, I had the coconut creme pie and a glass of champagne - which was also delicious.
So, it was pretty easy to give the Tavern 5 stars.
Once again, Mark Tarbell produces a lovely ambiance, delicious food, and excellent service.
High five Mark!

Met a friend last night for a glass of wine.
Although we didn't eat, I plan to go back soon as the menu looked great.
Service was terrific even though we were just having wine.
My only concern is that the price point for wine is just a little high.
I understand why--but my comfort zone is always closer to 8/9 for a glass.
Anyway-they did a great job on the interior--still has some of the sportsman's feel and still just as warm and inviting.
looking forward to trying the food.

The ambiance was great and as fans of Tarbell's it is nice to have great food but in a more casual environment.
Plus owner Mark Tarbell came by our table to welcome and thanked us for coming in and as the night progressed I saw him do that with each table.
That was a really nice touch and I haven't experienced that type of service with any other restaurant in town.
We tried 3 of the 4 bikinis on the menu and they were all delicious, made with some of the best tasting bread I have had in awhile.
Plus the portions are perfect to start and cut to sharable sizes, that is if you don't eat it all first.
I ordered the chicken street tacos for dinner.
You get 3 large tacos, which I really enjoyed but it was almost to much food for me, enjoyed the salsa verde the comes on the side.
We shared the coconut cream pie for dessert and let me tell you that it was the most amazing dessert I have ever had.
I definitely recommend ordering it, even if you don't think you could possibly eat anymore once you taste it you'll be licking the plate clean.
They are only open for dinner which is a shame because there are so many items on the menu that would be a great lunch.
Definitely plan on going back to try the burger.

My wife and I had dinner here on Thursday, April 17, 2014.
The staff were friendly and accommodating.
We had the polenta and deviled eggs for appetizers and shared the BLT and croque madame for the main eats.
Everything was spectacular!
Nice selection of Arizona beers on the drinks menu and, as always with Tarbell's, a great wine selection!
Another great restaurant by Mark Tarbell!

Great decor and wines - but lacking on the food menu, highlighting too many greasy options.
And no happy hour...makes me miss Sportsman's.
Would recommend stopping by for a glass of wine only but head to Tarbell's restaurant (or one of the many other great Arcadia spots) for a good meal.

We had the pleasure of visiting this new restaurant on a beautiful evening in May.
The restaurant has a great atmosphere - lots of natural materials, comfortable seating, and a large bar area.
We enjoyed perusing the cocktail menu - all of the cocktails are either beer or wine based and it was interesting to see the creativity involved in devising and executing the drinks.
Our bartender - Joe - was very knowledgeable about each item on the menu.
He even provided a wine-by-wine description of every white Burgundy on the wine list.
He demonstrated an amazing command  of the restaurant's offerings.
We sampled quite a few things on the menu: baked kale chips (yum!
), tomato and goat cheese salad (yum!
yum!
), crab cake (yum!
yum!
yum!
) and the ham and pickle bikini (swing and a miss!).
I think we were expecting more of a cuban sandwich vibe, and it had a chopped ham texture.
We also had a taste of the spinach and crab dip which is one of their signature appetizers.
The service was spot on.
These guys execute flawlessly when it comes to making their customers feel special and appreciated.
Not surprising when you realize that Ty is one of the managers of the restaurant.
Ty is already a powerhouse in the greater Phoenix area in terms of hospitality.
Just wait - he will accomplish great things!
Visit, be adventurous, and enjoy!

We had a great time eating at The Tavern!
The wine selection is what we have all come to expect for Tarbell - excellent.
The food is excellent as well.
We would highly recommend the tomato and goat cheese salad.
The staff and crew were all fun, energetic and knowledgable.
This place is highly recommended.

We had a wonderful time at The Tavern.
The wine selection is what we have all come to expect from Tarbell - excellent.
I would highly recommend the tomato and goat cheese salad.
Exceptional staff and a very welcoming atmosphere.
Great place for a happy hour - need to get a happy hour menu!

We were really pleased by this "upscale-relaxed" place.
We expected to like the food, because we're big fans of Tarbell's main restaurant next door, but our entire experience was extremely satisfactory.
The Tavern combines great food with a great vibe.
It starts with the decor--comfortable, low lighting, lots of wood.
The service is attentive, confident and friendly--they want you to enjoy your food and drinks.
The two-page menu features comfort foods with tweaks (BLT on Challah, Vermont cheddar grilled cheese) and some more exciting items (lamb burger, Salmagundi veg stew, octopus tacos)--all prepared in keeping with Tarbell's commitment to flavorful, farm fresh foods.
We started with the Farmer's Market Veg Plate.
We enjoyed the variety of vegetable--especially the heirloom carrot slices and delicious, tangy tomatoes--and  the accompanying fines herbes dressing.
For our main courses, we had the tacos (two fish, one octopus) and the beef short rib.
Both entrees were excellent and the portions were generous--though somehow we managed to eat every bite!
The short rib was fall-apart tender and the tacos were definitely the best we've had in Phoenix.
We love vegetables, so we ordered sides of baked kale chips and sliced fresh tomatoes.
Both were delicious--kale chips delicately crispy and the tomatoes full-flavored.
My only quibble about the place: The background music (hard rock from the eighties and nineties) just didn't quite jibe with clientele and the rest of the experience and it was perhaps a tiny bit too loud.
I don't agree with an earlier reviewer who complained that the menu has "too many greasy options.
" The tavern-oriented menu offers many, many choices of fresh seafood, fresh produce, salads and sides.
It's a new twist on traditional tavern food.
We're looking forward to returning soon to try some of the other offerings.

