Raw Fitness is not the cheapest place around by any means.
If however, you're looking for intense Cross-Fit / TRX / Boot-Camp kick your ass into shape and then quite a bit beyond just for good measure, then stop by and see what RF has to offer.
The spacious facility is one of the larger and cleaner facilities I have come across in Vegas.
The staff is incredibly friendly and motivating.
A whole-self approach is taken at RF that is more about lifestyle living than it is about an exercise program.
RF is a serious place for dedicated individuals (or those desiring to be dedicated to something) to work hard and push themselves.
The facility is about the training and void of a studio feel with pleasant showers and amenities...this is where you come to train, period!
Additionally, some cool incentives are offered to individuals that reach their goals!
Goals are tough, but rewards are high.
Finally, they have a great heart for the community.
I first came into contact with RF by way of a yoga benefit that they were hosting, and applaud them for their genuineness and desire to help those in those around them.

If your time is limited yet you value your health and fitness Raw is the place...l get so much done in just one hr.
the trainers are very passionate about what they do and craft every workout to keep you coming back the next day wanting more.

Best place to get your @$$ in gear!
After having two babies (back to back a yr apart) my hubby and I both gained pregnancy weight lol found Raw through a FB post about a fitness challenge.
Lose 20lbs in 6 weeks and get your $ back.
Sounds simple enough right?!
Lol it's was some good awesome butt kicking boot camp style workouts.
Every trainer there is awesome, friendly & motivating.
The owners take pride in their pupils big & small.
They guide you every step of the way and push you far beyond your goals.
They promote a community for all their members to hold each other accountable.
It's not the cheapest gym but it's comparable pricing to a crossfit gym but way better.
If you want results come here and ditch those other guys (LVAC & 24hr).
They're worth a visit and inquire about their fitness challenge or a free class to test the waters.

