I cant tell you how much I hate going to the dentist, but this place is the best.
They made me feel at home.
The last time I had my teeth cleaned was about four years ago which I know is horrible.
I walked into the office and was greeted by a friendly lady at the front desk.
She told me the prices and got me scheduled for a cleaning.
The next day I got my teeth cleaned by Tami.
She was the best.
She took her time and explained what she was doing to me.
When she was done my teeth felt so smooth and clean.
The best part it was a painless experience even though she said I had a lot of calcium build up.
I then met with Dr Catalano to go over the Xrays.
She showed me the two cavities I had and took care of them that day for me.
She was so nice and gentle.
I didnt feel anything.
If you are anxious about going to the Dentist this is there place.
They are nice and friendly and know what they are doing.
Give them a try you wont be disappointed.

This place is so impressive from the moment you walk in the door.
The professionalism never stopped.
They have all the new up to date equipment, hence the name innovative.
Everyone was very knowledgeable on every aspect from beginning to end.
I have lived in this town my entire life and you will not find a doctor that is more caring and personable than Dr Angela Catalano.
I had some pain that wouldn't quit, it was a Saturday and they came in to make sure they got me out of pain now I am scheduled to come back and finish the treatment.
The hygienist all I can say is wow she is certainly the best I have ever had clean my teeth...again you can tell she cares, they all do.
No one likes to go to the dentist but I can tell you I will be going back every time.
If you need a great dentist you need not look any further this is it, This is no run of the mill office.

Dr. Catalano and her awesome staff were fabulous!
They were so sincere and caring, really made you feel comfortable as you could be in a dental office.
From the beautiful atmosphere to massaging dental chairs, you can't go wrong, a real state of the art practice.
My whole family was seen and loved it because the environment was so friendly and welcoming.
I had my teeth whitened and was so surprised and happy with the great results, my teeth are so many shades whiter!!
My husband had a crown done and you can't even tell that it isn't his real tooth, AND he didn't feel any pain!
My 3 year had her teeth cleaned and did fabulous, didn't even cry.
This will definitely be our family dentist moving forward, you aren't just another number.

It's hard to imagine that going to the dentist could actually be a good experience.
But going to Innovative Dentistry was that and more.
The staff is more then hopefully and extremely knowledgeable.
The staff is very friendly and accommodating to there patients every concern.
The office is very comfortable and clean.
Dr. Catalano and her staff are very professional.
Thank you so much.

I cannot tell you how afraid of going to the dentist for a root canal I was...  Dr. Angela Catalano and her top tier staff and beautiful facilities made this visit nothing short of wonderful.
No pain, perfect service...
I am a believer, and now am looking forward (in a way) to getting my cleanings here and any other services.
Can't even say enough good things about this practice.

