The place is alright, and the overall atmosphere is great.
The service level is top notch and our waiter n waitress were polite.
One gripe is the menu is very limited compare with some of the good Korean BBQs I've been to in the past as I went on a Sunday evening.
Another gripe is the pricing is relatively high as compared to dollar per menu item.
The all you can eat does help but you quickly get tired eating the same thing round after round after round.
I would go again, only occasionally.

This was our first time experiencing Korean BBQ.
The waitress did ask if we had been before to which we responded no.
Regardless she did not explain how it worked.
The food was tasty.
It was a nice place for a slow meal with lovely conversation but I spent my meal not entirely sure I was "doing it right".
I'm okay at admitting I was a novice.
I wish the staff had explained a little more what to do - though this may be obvious for someone who has been for Korean BBQ before.
We really enjoyed the new and pineapple.
The salmon was also very nice.
There is a toddler/pre-schooler price but I was very glad we didn't have our daughter with us given the way you prepare the food and how wiggly she is.
Kids around 7/8 seemed to be with their families having a great time though.
I had to look online as to how to eat to find out about making little sandwiches with the lettuce.
I think it is priced geared to the experience rather than the food itself.

Busan is an awesome oceanfront city in South Korea on the opposite corner of the country from Seoul.
Busan Korean BBQ is a small-ish AYCE Korean BBQ restaurant that takes over the location of a Burger King.
The staff are friendly, but service is far below the KBBQ locations in Markham/Richmond HIll.
As far as facilities go, it's obvious a lot of money has gone into renovations and the washrooms are pleasantly large and clean.
Strangely, the building exterior is blank except for a small sign.
However, a lot of effort has been made to minimize costs: -Extremely diluted soya sauce -Reduction of whatever you order (eg.
order 10 beef rib = get 5) -Small scoops of ice cream (2 Busan KBBQ scoops = 1 normal scoop) -Reluctant to change your grill plate more than once during the meal (had to ask more than once to get it changed after that first time) -At the time we went, there was a FB post saying there was a promotion that you had to message for - however we got no response and when we asked the manager in the store, she said it didn't exist and   We also found that the meat was not as nicely marinaded as back in Markham/RH.
AYCE KBBQ finally exists in Waterloo, and it will do.
Unfortunately, I don't think I'd ever come here again.

The line up was long and the wait was too maybe 25 mins last night (Friday).
The servers were very polite and tried to be quick bringing the food.
We arrived around 7 and it was almost 10 before we left.
This is not a quick meal!
The menu is every limited and gets boring real quick.
I was still hungry but tired of eating the same grilled meat.
We were very disappointed in the meat as it lacked marinade or seasoning of any kind.
The choice of veggies was very limited as are the other side dishes.
The chicken was nice but not as good as the Lemon Grass chicken we've had for much less cost at the Ben Thanh, and the beef ribs were quite good.
We ordered 2 beef ribs and received one, and when we reordered they instead brought some beef?
(I think it was beef everything tasted pretty much the same by then,) which was really almost tasteless and not worth the calories.
Ditto the lamb.
The pork was okay.
We left the lukewarm miso soup and seafood balls (india rubber), and the strange flavored peanuts.
The shrimp are nice but fiddly getting rid of the shells, and forget about cleaning out the vein.
The desserts are VERY tiny scoops of ice cream.
Ask for 2 at least.
Also there doesn't appear to be a drink menu at all.
All in all, a big disappointment for the cost involved.
$55.
for two...
The seaweed salad is tiny and soggy like it's been sitting a long time, so is the serving of rice small and only just warm.
Really the whole meal screamed out for some tasty marinades and seasoning but the only thing offered was soy sauce and chilli oil.
We are not impressed and it's very doubtful we will go back as there are so many better options for eating out, especially at 23.99 per person.

Some of the reviews here are quite goofy - not knowing to wrap the meat in lettuce?
Come on.
As someone who lived in South Korea for some time, and really misses Korean food (there are already some good spots for staples like Kimchi Jigae, but not BBQ), this is a very welcome addition, and a place we'll definitely return to when the BBQ cravings kick in.
Is the place perfect?
No, the kimchi is a bit bland, and I think much of the food was created with the assumption that the customer base couldn't handle true Korean spiciness (which might be true, but that's an essential part of Korean food).
However, the service is fantastic, and seeing as this is the only BBQ option you've got around here, we'll definitely be returning regardless.

Considering it's the only AYCE KBBQ here in the KW region, I think it is quite good.
I especially liked their beef ribs and their service is fantastic.
They take away your plates as soon as you finish them.
The food is also served fast and comes in the exact number as you ordered.
But I think there are still lots of improvements that can be made.
In terms of food, the cold dishes such as kimchi and the others are kind of tasteless and not very great.
They also never replace the grill plate.
Also I think they could have more selections in terms of their food.
Maybe more seafood.
The menu seems a bit generic  right now and it's not very special.
However considering it's in Waterloo, I will definitely come here again.

The meat is tasteless except for the short ribs, which were decent.
Looks clean and new.
Service was terrible.
We kept trying to get our waitress' attention and she kept pretending not to see.
We sat by the entrance to the kitchen as well.
It might be because we look like kids though.
Only AYCE kbbq in area though so for Waterloo standards it's okay.

I came here without any expectations.
The decor is nice, looks like a refurbished black Burger King, and service is okay.
The best meat was the short ribs which were tender and marinated.
The food was okay.
It was my only meal of the day and I didn't have breakfast prior to coming, so I knew I hadn't eaten anything prior to coming to Busan.
After that meal, I had diarrhea for 2 1/2 day straight.
The first day, after coming back from lunch, my stomach felt odd.
By nighttime, I was in so much pain from diarrhea that I was literally bedridden.
I wanted to vomit, but nothing could come out and my stomach was in extreme pain.
In the last 3 days, I lost 5 pounds and I couldn't hold any food down after because of this.
I don't know what it was, was it the lettice that someone handled accidentally after touching raw meat?
The food was decent, I wish they handled the food more carefully.
Not likely I'll go back ever again.

Just returned from a trip to Korea and was eager to share this eating experience with my partner.
We went during lunch and it was very reasonably priced, considering how much we ate.
The pork was absolutely delicious.
Not as good as the grilled pork I had in Korea, but a close second.
Our waiter was awesome.
He was very attentive (granted, there was barely anyone in the place) and changed our grill top as soon as he saw it was getting sticky.
He even suggested the flavoured potatoes which were amazing.
Overall, we had: Beef Pork Octopus Kimchi Miso soup Edamame Pineapple and Ice Cream  Of course the lettuce and veggies for wraps.
Everything was delicious.
The interior decor was amazing as well.
Very nice atmosphere.
I look forward to returning.

