Helpings has amazing coffee and food but what is truly impressive is that this cafe changes lives.
The baristas gain work experience with every order and will take those skills with them as they gain employment, independence and permanent housing!
Stop by, order some of the worlds best muffins and help end family homelessness!!!

Great food - especially the muffins.
They also serve Starbucks coffee along with lunch items like sandwiches and salads.
What is really great about Helpings is that the proceeds support UMOM, a homeless shelter for families.
I like that my Starbucks addition can make a difference!

Wonderful foods with a very appetizing presentation and great coffee also .
This is a training program at UMOM for homeless people to learn skills.
It is large and sparkling clean.
The people are very friendly, professional, and eager to please!
A great contribution to help end homelessness.

What a phenomenal concept.
Not only do they have excellent sandwiches, salads, muffins & a Starbucks,  all proceeds go to the UMOM family homeless shelter.
All the employees are residents training to be baristas & culinary workers & will have marketable job skills when they transition to living independently.
Please support this place.
Not only will you enjoy the food,  but you'll be making a huge contribution to our community.

Helpings is the ultimate meeting location - great space, energy, food, beverages & cause.
Perfect for a student working on homework, friends catching up over coffee or community leaders collaborating at the large beautifully reclaimed table.
Choosing to purchase your Starbucks or freshly made artisan sandwich here also casts a vote for the kind of place you want Phoenix to be - a city where we care for our vulnerable, offer them job training, opportunities to build a resume and truly end the cycle of homelessness.
I especially love the grilled chicken salad and the pesto chicken sandwich, and of course the funky monkey muffin as well!

Absolutely love the food and even more, the mission of this place.
Great lunch stop and can't wait to order catering from there for work.
Spread the word, spread the love!

It's a great place to sit and chat.
Food is fresh and yummy.
Not to mention it's for a good cause!

