Food was really good.
One of the best turkey burgers ever.
The only thing lacking is ambiance in the restaurant.
Very brightly lit and stark and not a warm, inviting feeling.
It has only been open a few weeks, so our hope is that something is in the works to change!!!
Definitely will go back!!

Very good burger joint!
Service was good and food came out pretty fast.
Patio seating was decent but the tables were a little too close to each other.
The food was spectacular!
Went with my girlfriend and we both built our own burger.
I got an angus beef burger and she went for the turkey burger.
The selection is nice for building your burger, there are lots of different cheeses, toppings and sauces to choose from.
We both thoroughly enjoyed our burger.
The sweet potato fries were delicious and zucchini fries were even better!
Overall, very impressed and would definitely come back!

Been watching this place under construction and I am not disappointed.
Had a turkey burger on whole wheat, swiss, tomatoes, dill pickle, chopped garlic with chipotle mayo.....yummy!!
For sure try this place, prices are reasonable.

We decided to give this place a try with friends tonight, and it was tasty!
It's a choose-your-own-adventure food place, with a nice variety of ingredients, friendly service and a cute atmosphere.
You choose a bun, "meat" (they have lots of meats, but also salmon, veggie patty and portabello mushroom), cheese, toppings and sauce.
They also provide a side with the meal, which is really nice.
I had the portabello mushroom  in a whole wheat bun with goat cheese, spinach, tomato, avocado (slight upcharge) and BBQ sauce, and it was delicious!
Feel free to get exactly the same thing - you'll be glad you did.
My husband ordered the veggie burger with buffalo sauce, goat cheese, pickles and some other veggies.
I stole a bite, so I can tell you the veggie patty was clearly homemade and very smooth and flavorful.
I got the skinny fries (good but not outstanding), but my husband's sweet potato fries were really tasty (I swear I let him eat most of his meal).
Our friends really enjoyed their meal, too.
They took advantage of the gluten free bun option (so great to have that available) and chose  zucchini fries, which were thick and soft in the middle with crunchy breading - pretty interesting and tasty.
Overall, a nice experience.
We'll definitely be back!

Burgers and all the components are amazing!
Cole slaw, fries, excellent.
Staff very friendly and most of all, a dog friendly establishment!
Two Waiter's offered water to my dog.

Went with my son last night.
We both had bison burgers.
I had field greens, tomatoes and caramelized onions.
My son had cheddar and bacon.
I really wanted to love it and it was good, but I wouldn't call it great.
I can't say there was anything really wrong with it, it just wasn't as wonderful as I was expecting for a $14 burger.
They zucchini fries actually out-shined the burger though it struck me as a little odd that they couldn't find something nicer than a plastic soufflé cup in which to serve the ranch dressing.
I really wanted to love this new addition to that shopping center but I'd probably choose Pita Jungle over Blu Burger the next time I'm eating there.

We come here ofter, I don't recommend the bison burger but I can highly recommend the turkey and the angus burgers.
I get worried they won't last long since it never seems real busy but the veggies are fresh, the have a great balsamic as well as special sauces.
All wonderful with a good beer.
Cheers

This place is hands down the best burger place in town .
My husband got kolbe and said he really couldn't tell the difference in the taste between that and the angus .
It is so tasty ..
The only thing I didn't really care for was loud led zeppelin blaring but other than that great service and great food .

Tried it for the first time Saturday, had a great time, sat outside.
The burger was phenomenal.
I had the "build your own" w/ green chile, carmelized onions wheat bun and the works - could not have asked for a better burger.
I chose the regular meat, no upgrade, but it was great.
The zuch fries are ok but the green bean fries are amazing.
Dipped them in the chipotle mayo.
I would give 5 stars but their normal fries were actually pretty average, but that is minor.
It was all about the burger and I was happily satisfied.

