Freddy's at Elliott and McClintock has only been open a few days and is looking to be a worthy addition to the neighborhood.
The burger was large and thin (having obviously been smashed on the grill); edges were a little crispy and taste was generally quite good.
Cheese was melted between the burgers and added some moisture and what my eldest daughter likes to call cheesy goodness.
Fries were  a little disappointing.
While the meat seemed to be of good quality for a fast food place, the fries weren't thin enough to be crispy or thick enough to be tasty.
I don't put catsup on my fries, but these needed it.
They were dry and lacking in taste.
So four stars for the burger, one star for the fries, five stars for pleasant smiling service in a drive thru.
I'd give it 4 1/2 stars.
Since it's new and I'm the first reviewer and I'm delighted to have a new dining option near my home, I'm rounding up to 5 stars.

I love everything about this place the cheese burger was thin but pretty good i really like the shoestring fries and the frozen custard rocks il go again

A few of my coworkers were raving about this place.
They live outside of Tempe but work here, so when they heard a new location opened up by work we all had to go.
I've only had it once but man was it good.
They don't look like much but they are really filling and absolutely delicious.
Definitely check it out!
I haven't had the custard but I hear its phenomenal and if its half as good as the burgers and fries the frozen custard is going to be amazing.

Had the patty melt and a concrete here.
The patty melt had a tiny amount of onions on it, with melted cheese on rye bread.
I liked that the ground meat is cooked fresh as soon as you order it, but it wasn't as juicy as other burgers I've had at other places.
The burger itself really needed the special sauce from the counter to give it more flavor.
The fries were thin cut, and just a tad over-salted.
The concrete was good, filled with thick frozen custard, with a lot of nuts, pineapple, and strawberry.
It's no Ted Drewes frozen custard, but it'll do for Arizona!
Service was fast and friendly.

My first time here and I am not that impressed, the burger was small, fell apart and I didnt care for the fries.
At least I can say I tried it, but wont be back.

Seems to be some communication issues with this location.
The cashiers didn't have any system on when to stop taking orders and when to start filling orders.
The manager on duty had no clue either and was no help.
The cashier also forget the order was to-go.
The custard is good stuff but this location needs improvement

I always drive by this place on my way home from work,  so decided to stop by.
Ordered the double bacon burger combo with shoe strong fries,  and it was completely impressed.
First the burger,  the meat was tender,  and the lettuce,  tomato and pickles were all fresh,  a pretty good feat considering I went there 20 minutes before closing.
The burger meat was pressed thin and cooked perfectly,  and had great flavor.
The fries were shoestring, cooked nice and crisp and salted to  perfection.
I can't wait to go back and order another burger,  but next time,  I'll try some custard too.

A manager here once told me, they were patterned after Steak 'n Shake, I would believe it because it is delicious, the smashed burgers are crisped perfectly and the fries are as well.

Being from St. Louis and having Ted Drews and Bobby's custard finding the is gem for yummy custard in Arizona  is awesome.
This location is walking distance to my house and always friendly service.
Will make this a weekly treat stop.
I can't say much for the food since were not really burger and fry types.
But the custard is worth the trip.

Another reviewer who was also unsatisfied with the new mini Steak n Shake in Tempe suggested Freddy's.
WOW, what a nice surprise to have a steakburger that tastes great, fast and friendly service and a clean restaurant.
The menu is three to four times bigger than S & S.  I have been there twice now and was pleased every time, as were my friends.
Good Job!!

