Went here today and this place was hella poppin on a monday night!
I believe it jst opened a few days ago.
It is pretty, they have awesome service, and the tacos are AMAZING.
I also had it to go and it only took maybe 5 minutes!
Oh, and their prices are sooo reasonable.
perhaps on the cheaper side.
My quick experience here was so perfect, and when I took the first bite of my tacos, it was even betta!
Will be back soon and as many times as I could!!!
Oh, it be inside the Golden Nugget btw.

Went here for a late dinner.
The atmosphere was stylish and cool looking and while the lounge couches and little tables may look hip they are super annoying to try and eat at.
The tables are so low you're practically bending over at the waste to eat.
The food was great.
It was upscale/hipster Mexican food.
The service was terrible.
First, I asked for a glass of wine and some water and they brought out my partner's drink but not mine.
When I asked another waitress about it, our waitress came up behind her and was kind of snarky about it.
Um, it's not my fault, so don't be rude.
Second, my cousin ordered a glass of sangria and not only was it terrible, they charged her $14 for it instead of $6 like the menu says.
When she questioned the waitress she got super rude about it.
In the end the manager adjusted the price but it left a negative impression on both of us.
Terrible service.
Food is good though.

came back.
service is extremely lacking lately.

I liked it.
Sat at the bar which had a couple of seats immediately available which was great.
Our bartender was more like a guide explaining when the restaurant opened and the different options.
It really turned our weekend's experiences around as we had pretty bad food in Downtown that weekend.
Chicken tortilla soup was really good.
I asked for no cheese,  but it still came out with some.
It didn't ruin it though.
Margaritas were good too.

Came back after the strip to eat at our hotel and I my husband and I wanted Mexican food.
Service is awful.
The waitress could careless about guest unless your a single guy or guys.
I ordered a torta and she said it came with rice and beans and it did not.
Not to mention it tasted awful I couldn't even eat it.
Ten bucks of nothing.
Than you order chips salsa and gauc for nine bucks ya not worth it.
My husbands buger was fine but he was so upset I was unhappy he didn't want to eat.
Over all wouldnt recommend unless you like bad service or hey if your a single man who wants a fourty your old woman to give you a lot of attention.

This place was beautifully put together...for the most part!
Lounge seating is very neat, but a few extra pillows for your back may be needed.
The service was great!
Bartender was really trying to keep up, but the waitress was checking in on us often.
The huarache was delicious!
Great masa with just enough beans and a beautiful presentation.
The side sauce was excellent.
The selection of drinks was appealing.
And the strawberry margarita was very refreshing and tasty.
Excited to go back with more friends!

This place is must if you are in the area.
Great mexican food.
Plus great drinks.
If you like sports they will put whatever game you want on.
Great place to kick back and recover.

Stopped here for quick bite to eat before a show we were going to.
Had chicken nachos and ahi ahi tachos.
Tacos were good but real small and pricey.
Nachos were pathetic not worth the money.
Service wasnt great either we sat at the bar and even though its small we hardly seen the bartender.

