So happy there is a Zipps near me now!
They've been open for 5 days and are PACKED.
We got right in on a Friday night around 6:45, our server was Ashley M. and she greeted us right away and put in all of our food before happy hour ended at 7.
We were told that the food wait-time was about 45 minutes, but everything came out way faster than that.
We just got wings and some chips and salsa, but the wings were perfect like the other Zipps locations.
Ashley was always present and took good care of us.
Definitely recommend to anyone craving some sports bar food (and cheap drinks).

Went in for a beer and a shot with having no previous liquor.
Turned us down for NO REASON so just like a gentleman went to the Bar and Got *** since the young Mexican guy was turning us down in such a rude way.
He was using racial slures and since there is many other Bars we decided to turn our WATERS down and go elsewhere.
I would not recommends this place.
A small Mexican kid that probably got picked on in elementary school cut us off pre mature.
I NEVER write reviews but I play for the Angels and hardly ever go out.
But this has LITERALLY got to be the worst place in TEMPE.
I just have to say way to go!
Thumbs up to the Mexican kid that made the decision!
I'm sober and writing this niw and in my way to have a good time.
I would never in a million years write this but what a way to send us out.
First  stop !!
Skip this place!
Waste of time.
And oh ya my Bar tab is usually around $650...
Forget this place !

Ended our night on Mill after St. Patrick's Day weekend at Zipps.
Really all we wanted was some decent bar food after a night a drinking.
We sat at the bar and it took about 10 minutes to be greeted even though the bar was not very busy at all.
We asked for some menu's and water and it took about another 5 minutes for the water.
I decided to order some green chile and chicken spring rolls with cheese.
My friend got some turkey chili.
It took about another 15 to 20 minutes for the food to come out and I watched it sit there for another few minutes before the bartender/waitress even saw it which was a little ridiculous with how slow they seemed.
The chicken spring rolls were actually really good and they were served with a sweet jalapeno sauce which complemented them nicely.
My friend's turkey chili was really good but very spicy, so be prepared for that if you order this.
Overall the food was pretty good.
Service was slow.
If I was in the area again and needed some apps and beer this might be a stop I would make.
Return factor 50/50

Thoroughly enjoyed my night here tonight!
Right when we walked in it was super packed.
We couldn't find our own seat in the bar area so moved on to the dining area for 8 people.
The zipparita is actually very good for the happy hour at only $3.
When it says there's a limit on the menu, I knew I would get my money's worth of alcohol.
When we ordered food, we got the mild buffalo wings and the chips and guac.... Not a bad wait for both of the items with how busy it was.
The buffalo wings in mild were way too bland for me so we had to get a side of medium sauce for the extra kick.
For the chips and guac, both very good but had to a season the guac with much more salt and pepper.
For the rest of the night it was just more drinks.
For it being March Madness, I would love to be back here again during this week.
A great place to watch games as TVs are absolutely everywhere.
Keep up the nice work as a new sports bar on Mill and people will continue to come in!
Be back soon!

Freshly opened on Mill Ave and I'm a fan!
The food is perfect chowing down after a night of drinking and debauchery.
The waitress we had was super nice, and the security guard didn't kick me out after drunkenly threatening to chop off his penis.
As with all Zipps in general i believe their Zipperatas should have the option of being frozen or on the rocks.

We had a really bad visit.
:( - The bar said they were out of Bloody Mary mix - meanwhile, we see a bartender pouring it - They said they were out of sourdough, although several items on the menu state that they come with it.
They replaced with a bun without asking.
- The food took more than an hour to come out.
- one sandwich was forgotten.
After mentioning it twice, 1/2 hour after everyone else got their food, a manager finally came out to ask if we'd gotten it (we hadn't).
He never said I'm sorry - just said, "I'll check.
" - The food was gross.
Most meals were in edible.
The nachos were terrible - had a pool of grease left at the bottom.
- The drinks were so weak, we watched the bartender pour.
He did put one splash of alcohol - not even close to a shot pour.
We demanded new drinks.
- After a comprehensive discussion about splitting the bill three ways before ordering, one bill was delivered.
The waitress proceeded to ask all the same questions as before, but had each of us review what we ate.
- 4 of 6 in our group said its the worst meal we've had in a long time, if not ever.
No apologies were ever given and definitely no offers of a comping a single item.. We will never ever eat at Zipps again.
Yuk!

Lesson learned....never try a brand new place within a week or two after they just opened.
They just open the Mill Ave location 2nd weekend in March.
They still needed to work out all the kinks.
We came here for lunch and it was almost a 2 hour lunch ordeal.
Our waitress was super nice but everything including our waitress were disorganized.
Once we ordered our food it took 30-40 minutes to get and a couple girls in our party had to wait a little longer, once we got our food it was good.
We ordered sandwiches, wings, salad everyone was pretty pleased with the food except the sweet potato fries  were over cooked, but no big deal.
Check Please!
Lordy....that took another 30 minutes.
Our waitress was running back and forth between 3 registers to process our checks.
That was ridiculous!
I hope this place gets their stuff together because on Mill Ave. those worker bees who work in the area need to get in and out within in hour.
Zipps can accommodate large parties which was great, but plan on a 2 hour lunch.
I'll be back in May or June to try it again for lunch.
We will see if they have improved.

Looking for a sports bar for NCAA tourney action and food.
It's a good sized place and lively.
Food is ok, typical sports bar food.
Service was fine and prices reasonable.
All and all a good time.
I could see stopping in here again.
Plus I bet on a football game day this place is great.

It was crazy busy but or server was cool and attentive.
Magic Hat on draft for three bucks but 4/5 cause a server crop dusted us.

So I wanted to leave a good review, I really did.
I would honestly give it negative stars if I could.
I frequent the Zipps on Greenway and have always had impeccable service and great food.
This Zipps totally fell short.
We waited nearly an hour for our food and when it arrived, it was burned.
When I mentioned it to the manager (Matt), he literally laughed in my face.
Another manager came over and rectified it after Matt had his outburst.
I love Zipps, it's beer, great food and environment.
But this Zipps has the WORST management I've ever beheld.

I was pretty excited to find out they were opening a Zipps in Tempe.
There hasn't been a great place to watch sports on MIll Ave so I think this will be a popular spot.
It is saturated with TVs which is a good thing I guess.
The food is solid and reasonably priced.
They have a good selection of burgers for around $8 with fries (double patty).
The fries are just okay but I'd recommend subbing the onion rings if you're in to that sort of thing.
The real draw to this place is their happy hour deals.
From 3-7 every weekday they do $3 zipparitas and domestic pints plus some other good deals.
There are also specials from 8-close that vary depending on the day.
The first time I went the service was less than great but I've been back and they seem to have worked out the kinks.
Zipps is a great place for all; I'd recommend it to pretty much anyone.

I had high hopes for this Zipps location.
Positives: bigger bar, nice patio, TVs galore!
Negatives: food ( had to take my wings back twice and they still couldn't get it right).
My sister ordered the focaccia which was cut in tiny pieces on a cold as ice pita.
Customer service was like pulling teeth.
We sat for more than twenty minutes waiting on refills.
As much as I love their wings, I might go somewhere else on mill with better service who will get my order right.

Loved the drinks but the service was horrible.
We ordered an appetizer that never came (and was later put on the bill).
I would rather just sit at the bar than deal with the server's attitude.

Worst food service EVER!
First time there 30 mins to get our appetizers!
Second attempt, order dinner, server "forgets" to enter the order.
I will never return, I have received better service at the cemetery!
Save your time and go anywhere else on mill.

As a long time customer of almost every Zipps in the Valley, this is a sad experience at an otherwise promising location.
To her credit, the bartender was dealing with some annoying customers that I would have rather quit than serve.
But a terrible experience given my past with Zipps.
Still good beer.
And an update: full of ASU frat twunts all night.
June-July might be OK?
Gives the franchise a bad name.

Mill Ave Zipps....I normally go to the Old Town location, but a few weeks ago I went to this one.
The Golden Hot Wings are a must-have here and you can get a big ass mug of beer (as always, I get Alaskan).
Pretty much the same as the other Zipps....except they have this amazing tv set right at the bar.
You'll know what I'm talking about once you've been there.
I will say nothing more so you can have a reason to go if you aren't convinced already.
Parking is a pain at Mill, but it's not Zipps fault.

Zipp's newest location I believe and the only reason why I have returned my visits to Mill.
I have always been a fan of Zipp's and their Zipperita's.
Order just a couple and you sure will feel a good buzz!
But my favorite is the vodka wells for $2.75 during happy hours, you can't go cheaper than that!
They have great happy hour specials and they always have late night specials starting at 8pm with other great deals.
Each late night special varies and you can never go wrong with $4 Zipperita's or $4 Fireball shots.
Service is fast and friendly.
When the big games are on, it does get pack and expect service to be a bit busier than usual.
This is always my first stop with happy hour after a long day at work.
I haven't been here on the weekends yet but I try to avoid the college binge drinking nights on Mill.
I prefer happy hours during daylight (I'm old man) and they are very relaxed here.

Finally a sports bar that has really good drink and food specials on Mill, plus lots of TV's to catch any sports game.
I tried the wings there and I must say its quite tasty.
I would recommend the wings to pair with any drink.

This place is great.
Awesome food and Suzie is the best.
Tvs are perfect and people are great.
Come see Suzie or Toni.
Both great.

Great food, great staff, great prices, great atmosphere!!
Favorite place to wind down after.
Long day

Listen, I won't sugarcoat this in my favor too much: this is greasy bar food.
I love greasy bar food.
I sort of knew this going in that it would be greasy bar food, but that's no excuse for what happened during my visit.
I ordered the Black & Blue burger.
It was two slabs of hamburger meat between two buns with some blue cheese and blue cheese dressing drizzled underneath the buns.
I ate the whole thing, but they made no attempt to dress it up.
No lettuce, tomato, onions, mushrooms ... nothing but bread, meat and sauce.
It was simply too much meat, but I ate it and sorta enjoyed it despite its obvious simplicity.
It came with onion rings that weren't cooked all the way, with chewy breading.
My wife and her friend ordered salads -- the taco salad and some sort of chicken salad (we still don't know what it was).
Now, shame on them for ordering salads in a place like Zipps.
They were asking for trouble -- I get it.
But also shame on the restaurant for giving them items that were clearly just not right.
Both salads had huge chunks of uncut lettuce.
Like the thick chunky white part of the lettuce.
The meat, which was again as uninspired as my hamburger, was tossed into the center of the salad.
On top of each bowl, festooning the rim like a poorly designed hat, were tortilla chips.
(Serious question: how do you eat a salad like that?
) The taco salad just looked gross; our friend said it was awful and she barely touched it.
My wife's salad had meat that tasted like tuna.
She had me try it and I honestly couldn't tell if it was chicken or tuna.
Even the smell was mysterious.
Our waitress came back around and, bless her heart, she really sympathized with us.
I told her we didn't like anything, other than my hamburger.
I was very nice, but I told her the entire meal was gross and we didn't feel like ordering anything else.
Most of the plates were untouched.
I told her we would take a check, with discounts or without discounts, but I did not want to talk to the manager under any circumstances.
This is a quirky thing I do with the wait staff.
Management trusts them to be the face of the restaurant, to serve our food, to take our money, but as soon as something goes wrong, they have to get a manager.
Well, then I have to tell everything over again to some blathering management type, who has to defend and apologize.
I'd rather pay full price and leave then deal with the manager, some of whom were trained to be the exact opposite of their courteous wait staff.
The waitress returns to the table to tell us nothing would be discounted.
"Nothing is ever discounted," she tells us.
"That's just not something they do here.
" Even though plates were largely untouched.
Even though we told her the chicken/tuna was tuna/chicken.
Even though we were super polite.
But whatever, I just wanted to leave.
But before we could go, the manager came over and made everything worse.
He hovered over the table just as we were getting up and he half-apologized over the food.
I nodded and smiled, but I could tell by his posture and tone that I wasn't going to get anywhere with him.
He told us we could come back and try again and he gave us some Zipps bucks (which we promptly gave to the family eating behind us).
Maybe I was reading him all wrong (I can admit that possibility), but I was upset he came over and attempted to make nice after we asked him to NOT come over and after he told the waitress to NOT discount anything.
I guess it was brave of him to face us, but the braver act in this scenario might have been to make and serve better food.
After we left, we immediately walked across the street to Steak & Shake.
It was fabulous.

Lots of tvs .
good atmosphere but food not the best even for a bar it was pretty bad.
Go there to drink.
Not to eat.

Okay, so I've been back to this zipps a few times since it's grand opening.
I have to say it has improved.
Amazing customer service at the bar area if you get Jason as the bartender.
He took care of everyone in my party, learned each of our names, and got our order right.
He remembered I was allergic to onions and made sure the pico de gallo on the nachos was put in the side.
I will only sit in his area of the bar just to get this kind of detailed service.
Thank you for proving me wrong the first time Zipps.
I will definitely be a returning customer.

I should have know that one should not order a Philly stay in a sports bar... and Zippo's is no exception.

Great place.
I think their Happy Hour is good and inexpensive.
Been going for at least once a week.
The food is good and just a nice place to go and chill.
A lot of tv's to catch any games that is on.
Also, there wings are pretty tasty, can't go wrong.

Wow I was excited as well to see a new place on Mill Ave and a local place with a good reputation around town.
But this location is a service FAILURE.
Instead of hiring great managers and great people, they must have fired eveyone in training with a brain cause the management here is overrated.
They need to be fired and replaced.
I have given this place 3 official visits for drinks and food and a few times for drinks each time something wasn't quite right.
First the opened the new place understaffed,  unlike most places who open overstaffed and weed out the bad employees.
They decided to open in March, Arizona's busiest month with Spring Training and they open the week of March Madness.
The bar seats 30 plus people around a huge horseshoe bar plus about 200 general seating, there was only one  bartender working and one covering the well.
They needed 2 more bartenders,  I waited 10 minutes to get greeted and another 5 mintues for a water and beer,  then took 15 minutes for all three guys on my side to order.
The food came in 20-25 minutes a bit long for just wings, but the wings were good as always.
Good to see they brought the same golden sauce from their other locations.
Order the wings if you want to be happy here.
Next visit - the place was half empty and service at a table sucked we came in at 7pm and wanted to catch an 8pm movie at the new AMC Centerpointe.
Of course we told our waitress and ordered right away , but food took over 30 minutes.
We only ordered chicken fingers and wings.
The breading on the chicken fingers was a bit soggy and heavy.
The beer batter is too much.
Last visits we had the worst Manager on the planet give us attitude about walking by the bar on the way to the bathroom.
They don't have any signs at sight level saving the area is off limits , they need to add some swinging doors.
His name was Jason, but frankly all the managers I dealt with or spoke with that night had the same attitude that they didn't care much.
They were too busy to care about giving good service.
I will avoid this bar,   hopefully the summer kills them and they close within a few years,  like Uno's before them or Tavern down the street.
I would rather go see the dbags at el Hefe that support bad management.
This place is to be avoided , try any other place on Mill.
or another location of Zipps in town.

I had their golden wings I was not impressed at all, and their ranch tasted like mayo it was the worse experience ever I mean the food took longer then I expected my bill was 22.00 dollars I paid 40 and the waitress took it upon herself to give herself a tip like without me even giving her a dollar amount are you kidding me where is the manager ASAP ....

This was one of the worst places I have been to.
They took ages to serve the food.
(The place wasn't crowded).
The quality of food was decent.
There are much better places on mill avenue and i would not recommend this to anyone if you care about your time.

Awesome sports bar and great beer and nice staff.
If the peeps from Alaska ever come to Cali look me up.

great vibe in general throughout the restaurant.
only problem is the food.
fries were soggy.
onion rings were terrible.
probably could've gone to a different sports bar on mill with better food.

Great happy hour specials!
They have great during the day happy hour specials as well as great reverse happy hour!
Their pizza is great and only cost 2.00 or 1.50 if you come during happy hour!
I have never had bad service so far and had come more than 10 times.

Came here with a few friends on a Friday night for dinner and drinks.
Even tho it's crazy hot, they have an awesome misting system on the patio, so we made a dive for the last open table.
Happy hour was ending, but we were able to order a zipparita just before, and kept them coming.
These are definitly not weak, (limit of 3), and just as good as the chandler location.
For food, we kinda went crazy with the apps.
We ordered the chicken skewers,  mozz sticks, extra hot wings, and chips, salsa and guacamole.
My friends ordered the BBQ burger, BLT and Greek salad.
I tried to be healthy,(after the apps, what was the point?
:), and ordered the grilled chicken sandwich, with jalapeños, and with a side salad.
It was pretty good, I would definitly order this again with cheese!
Friendly server also.
Can't wait to go back:)

I don't seem to have good luck at zipps had a bad experience at another location decided to try this close to home, I ordered a salad the lettuce was old brown and wilted, when server asked how it was I  was honest she was like clueless, never sent a manager over to say sorry.
When she brought the card back she left no pen to sign

Group of us decided to watch the Spurs-Heat game here.
We walked in and the sign said seat yourself so that wasn't difficult.
A pretty good crowd at a bar and sports grill.
I seem to think there are more people when the hockey game is on because of my last visit.
I ordered Zipp's wings, buffalo style-hot.
The waitress even asked me if I was sure because they are hot.
I should of tried the medium first, lol.
It was spicy and hot, but it was that kind of spicy-hot that you just wanted to keep eating over and over because of how good it was.
In conclusion, I was a big fan of their wings.
I wish I would've gotten the name of our waitress.
She had a trainee with her, but both were great because I'm pretty big on having my drinks refilled with having to wait a whole life time and they were good at making sure my water was filled.
Only downside was  happy hour on the weekends.
I mean Mon-Fri their happy hour specials is something you can't go wrong on, but weekends I feel not much variety and the 11am-4pm then 8pm-close is ok., Overall, food was good, company was good, service was good.
All good.

By far the coolest feature is their bar tv's literally move and all come together to make one giant screen for big sporting events, during slow times they are all separate running different games.
The place can get crowded for lunch but its a great place to go to watch a game after work as well.
It can take 30 minutes or longer to get your lunch so plan accordingly especially if they are super busy.
Happy hours specials are good!
by far the best item on the menu is their burgers, love the blk and blue burger.
Also the 1,000 island burger is great as well.
you can sub fries for either half onion rings & fries or side salad or even sweet potato fries.
Its hard to steer away from the burgers but they also have salads, sandwiches, etc.
They even have different meat for their burgers such as chicken and i think turkey.
Also they burgers come w 2 patties if you want just 1 ask, and if you want the greens, tomato, etc ask as well not all burgers come with.
Their appetizers are excellent and their wings are highly recommended.
They have several local beers and your standard bud, miller in both pint and large mugs.

Went here for Sunday afternoon meal with the fam.
We ordered wings, which were okay.
Cheesesteak was had, burgers were had, grilled chicken was had.
Basically, the food was jut average bar food.
Same as one would expect at a joint.
But this is not a joint.
This is on Mill, it is large and new and we all expected more.
The waitress was nice enough but not very present.
The company was good, which made up for the food, but having been to Zipps Camelback and Zipps over by Shea I think I would recommend you go to one of those instead.
That being said, according to our ASU lunch guests, this place is packed end to end with coeds most night of the week so it will probably outlive you and I both, Longer or shorter depending on your age.
Just don't expect fine dining or even a reasonable bill.
No one got ill, so that's something.
Oh, and parking is a B-.

Food is fair, lots of TV's.
Today however the waitress and management  felt compelled to chastise us once, twice and then a third time when the manager came to let us know the errs of moving a table to accommodate 6 adults and 2 children party size ( they had us at two small tables and we moved the third over).
Get over yourselves, the place was empty and the #USA vs #POR wasn't starting for three hours.
Thank you Zipps for making a stressful day in 105 degrees just a little more miserable.
Up side went home made delicious shrimp and saved money.
If I could give no stars I would today.

Poor customer service!
Attempted to watch USA World Cup game with a party of six.
Host and manager acted like it was their first time working a large event.
Given it was a big match no additional staff was scheduled.
We asked several times where we were at on list.
She responded you are next.
A majority of others guests were seated which where larger parties than us.
Finally after waiting almost two hours we left.
I notified host we were leaving and she replied, "okay thanks".
Unfortunate, hope you get your act together for football season.
Poor customer service from host to manager on duty!

Cool place for beers and sports.
Not so great food.
Chicken tasted like it was boiled then grilled.
Pizza was undercooked.
They got us a new one which was okay.
Our server Victoria was really nice though.

I wish I was lying when I say I sat for 20 minutes without service on the patio here.
I have served for years and I just can't wrap my head around why this seems to be a normal thing when looking at reviews from other Yelpers.
Let me note that I love Zipps and their Zipperitas...the wings are so good and typically I'm super fond of the service.
Their other locations are great but this one was a joke.
We got up and left and not a single person said a thing.
Awesome!

Quite literally Zipps on Mill Ave. in Tempe is a Horrible place to eat....   You walk in and nobody greets you... they are in a constant state of "training" new wait staff because the manager is a total douchebag... and they are on the edge of going out of business... so the food is cheap and they "pad the bill" with all kinds of undisclosed up charges...  And their turnover is high because wait staff likely quit all the time because the food is such poor quality..
The drinks at Zipps are watered down with the cheapest well liquor... yet they charge $6-$8 for a tiny drink during happy hour...
The chicken wings were laced with margarine hot sauce that makes your stomach rumble with each bite,... their fryer oil is filthy... the ranch is like tartar sauce and rancid tasting...
The onion rings are the most disgusting looking I've ever seen and their burger meat is cheap and raunchy tasting....  We ordered our drinks for 3 people.... and it took 3 different waitresses 25 minutes to get our drinks... We ordered drinks before 7pm on a Friday Happy hour... the place was barren and empty... Now we know why....  We were told she 'got our drinks in'.... yet they charged us full price for the drinks and included an additional $2.25 undisclosed "upcharge for each cheap well margarita with strawberry flavor...
The food is honestly disgusting at Zipps... the onion rings come out dark brown falling apart with the cheapest batter Ive ever witnessed, the $8.99 burger comes out on a cheap deformed tiny bun you could buy at a gas station...
I complained to the manager that the burger had decomposing lettuce on it... we also explained to two waitresses and the dickhead manager that we were overcharged for drinks and 3 times they made us wait for the check...  Each time they returned and refused to correct the full price drinks from happy hour... this manager has no authority yet when we left them with ZERO tip for their dishonesty I saw them adjusting the bill to get their tip out of the cash we paid... over $50 for the worst food... My husband stopped at circle K for 1000Mg Tums on the way home from this dirty poorly run tempe location.
They offered us a coupon for a future visit... we will never return to ANY Zipps location.
The manager is a total douchebag that would not even take $5 off the bill or correct the terrible food production from their lame kitchen..
I am reporting them to the health inspector because you can get food poisoning at this location...
It is THAT BAD....
But by all means check out the deplorable service, crappy food and horrible management and staff for yourself if you like living dangerously at Zipps which makes sense cause you get zero quality food, zip nada zilch for service and they lie to you and try to pad the bill.... then the manager comes over and tells you they agree with the waitress and rip you off... lovely...
This restaurant is the worst Ive ever eaten at in AZ period.
I would not give them even one star... Why?
Because they have no business being in the hospitality industry with their negative attitudes, lack of ethic and cheap tactics...
Buyer beware... go to PF Changs, Gordon Biersch or any reputable restaurant that can afford quality food... and to hire an actual staff.,..
this place sucks!

I have been to Zipps twice now.
Both times to watch World Cup games with my husband and son.
Though service was a bit slow (due to the massive amount of sports fans) it was worth the wait.
The server was cute and kind.
We all ordered hamburgers.
We all agreed that it was a good burger and my son said it was the second best burger he has ever had.
The sides are huge that accompany the burger and we were left stuffed with a bill barely over $20.
Amazing!!!
The games were a bit long and the server did not seem like she cared if we sat and watch the rest of the game.
Love.

