They sell burgers (and hot dogs).. you go to the counter, you order, when your buzzer goes off, you go and collect your tray of goodies.. it's as simple as that..  Unpretentious and unassuming, this place does not pretend to be anything it's not.
The brioche buns and flavour combos are spot on.
Chicken katsu burger served with wasabi mayo was an absolute delight.
Panko crumbs were crunchy, the chicken was succulent and juicy with the richness offset by the tartness of a gherkin.
Earl grey custard ice cream is to die for, maple walnut ice cream borderlining too sweet for this lady but perfect for any sweet-tooth.
Chilli candied walnuts on top needed a bit more heat to make them fun.
Service at the counter was super friendly and she offered a taster of the earl grey custard ice cream without hesitation.
Price point is fabulous for the quality you're getting.
Would highly recommend and will definitely be back again soon!

This place is awesome!
Really well priced, quick & super tasty !!!!
I went or the 'Juicy Bluecy', highly recommend

Flashy and brand spanking new, many have been eagerly awaiting the arrival of this newbie burger place in town.
It surpassed my expectations and I was really impressed.
They make their burger patties in house and I loved the sweet onions embedded into the burger (although non-oniony people may object) which made the patties extremely moist and delicious.
I had the Juicy Bleucy with Stilton in between the two burger patties - it was incredibly delicious and I was so impressed with the burger but at the same time could have done with a tad more cheese.
I also loved the hand-cut fries with their uneven shapes, skin on and salty goodness.
The relish was also tasty!
I think these have been some of my favorite fries in Edinburgh!
After dinner, we were offered a sample of Tea for Two which is Burger's special dessert of earl grey ice cream with tea cakes.
I wasn't blown away by the earl grey ice cream perhaps because I just don't fancy that flavor, but what I did fancy was one of their shakes!
These aren't the British poor excuse for a shake that you usually find - these were proper ice cream shakes, with the ice cream made in house to boot!
I was well impressed with Burger and it didn't let me down.
They have a small menu but they do just burgers, fries and ice cream and they do them extremely well!
I'm tempted to say they could be some of the best burgers in Edinburgh, and some of the best fries too!
FYI - Burger sounds like an extremely popular lunch spot but is quieter at dinner time.
They have reasonable prices for the high quality of what you get!

Atmosphere is a bit lacking so far although I was in on their opening day so can't really fault them too much!
Burger was solid, fries were a touch cold but still tasty, beer was boring.
I need to go back and investigate more thoroughly and hungrily.

Yum, yum, yum!
Will try not to repeat other diners reviews so here goes:  Loved the burgers.
Juicy, well cooked and good quality, home made burgers.
Loved the chips.
Partly skin on, yummy, perfectly cooked, crispy where it counts and fluffy inside.
Fab gluten free buns (burger gf) - looks like brioche buns but held together really well and really impressed they do gf buns too!
Great ice cream - maple syrup and walnut home made on the premises.
£1,75 for a decent sized scoop in a tub with toppings at 50p each.
Yummy as were the toppings: honeycomb and I also asked for peanut butter.
Proper US peanut butter.
Toilets - lovely and clean.
Always a good point.
So, burger, chips, coke, ice cream and toppings, about £12.50.
Went home in food coma and raved about the gf greatness of the burgers.
Staff friendly and left us to chat.
Love the environmental commitment with Vegware packaging being used.
Can't wait to go back!

Here we go, another 5 star review for Burger!
Because, folks, it really is that good.
Edinburgh is late to the burger party, so it's entirely possible that we're just all really excited that we no longer have to get on a train to Glasgow for good quality, reasonably priced (and most importantly, MEGA COOL) burgers, but hey, you can forgive us because Burger really does live up to the hype.
Burger isn't fancy, it definitely an upmarket fast food joint.
There's no table service, you have to go and order at the counter, but you do get a buzzy, lighty up thing that signals when your food is ready.
And the staff are friendly and happy to explain how the whole shindig works.
We went on a Friday evening, it was a little quiet but still had most tables occupied, though from what I gather it's lunchtimes when this place is really heaving (no doubt due to its proximity to many large offices).
There are specials on the board, and on the front page of the menu, as well as their standards.
My boyfriend went for the Reuben, one of that day's specials and like the name suggests, based on the famous sandwich.
It took him a while to choose, as the special chicken burger (On the Bayou, bacon and avocado) sounded amazing too.
For my part I decided to stick with the main menu, and was genuinely torn between a good old-fashioned cheese burger and the chicken katsu burger.
I went for the latter, and oh it was good.
I couldn't really detect the wasabi mayonnaise it was topped with, but it was delicious so who care.
We also ordered chips (glorious, skins on, different sized, crispy chips), with burger sauce to dip, and milkshakes (for me, chocolate, for him, vanilla and peanut butter).
The milkshakes were proper thick shakes, mmmm!
If I had to be critical, it would be that as chips have to be ordered separately it's not quite as good a deal as I first thought.
The most expensive burgers were £6.45 - pretty good, right?
Less good when you factor in the additional price of chips.
But still a damn sight better (and tastier) than most other offerings in Edinburgh.
So come, come for the delicious burgers!
They also do hot dogs, but eh, this is called Burger.
So have a burger!

Does burgers well.
Very well.
Went for the classic burger, chips and choc shake.
Fresh tasting and juicy beyond belief but not too oily or greasy.
Buns well soft and briochey.
Chips were light and fluffy and not a speck of grease anywhere.
Impressive.
Choc shake 'almost' as good as my favourite in Edinburgh (Wannaburger) but I don't believe this is possible to beat.
All in all service was great, smiling, friendly cashier.
Table service during slow quiet times.
When busy I'd imagine you have to rely on the UFO.
Price not bad but no such thing as a meal deal so be prepared to spend around £9-10 per person for a square meal.
Location is right next to Loudons so think they will give them a run for their breakfast money.
Regular rolling specials and beers.
Good start, Burger!

Having walked past this place a few weeks ago before it had opened, I was keen to try it out.
The positive Yelp reviews posted sealed the deal and I headed here on Friday night for a end-of-week supper.
I was a bit worried we wouldn't get a table without booking, as this seems to be the case for many Edinburgh restaurants on weekend nights, but it wasn't that busy.
The menu was dominated by burgers, with a couple of specials available and a few hot dog dishes thrown in too.
There's also a nice wee kids menu and  a good range of drinks and American-style milkshakes.
The order-at-the-till style service works well, and the food was served promptly.
It's fast food done well.
My burger, breadcrumbed chicken with avocado and lemon mayo, was delish.
The bagel-style bun was fresh, and the fries blew MacDonalds' out of the water.
All in all, a really nice meal.
The service was cheerful.
Hopefully word gets out about how nice this place is.
In my opinion it's better than competitors such as GBK (on price) and Wannaburger (on general quality of food).

Chillitensity - Ooh burger, burger  This what exactly what I hoped for, top quality burger joint.
It's not five star because it didn't change my life, but it's solid four star quality product.
And I am concerned that they are on my drive home every night, which could have a serious impact on my life....
The service is positive,engaging, straight forward order at the counter and get it when it's ready.
The food is great, really good home made burgers.
With an excellent array of options and wieners available, though most of the specials are hot dogs.
I have to highlight the hot sauce, it's off the hook, and it is genuinely hot.
A lot of places do standard hot sauce which panders to the lowest common denominator.
Not these guys, it's chillitensity is fantastic !
Shakes and desserts, we didn't go for, but I will go back for it!

Guys.
This.
This!!
This is all my burger dreams come true.
It's like San Francisco followed me home.
Simple in design and menu, but a big hit when it comes to y'know actually more-ish "get in ma belly" taste.
These burgers are like the one's you'd find in America: In 'n' Out, but a bit more up market (don't even mention the golden arches, a whole other league.
) Small enough you can hold them in your hand and, y'know', actually eat them rather than have to dis-assemble them and attempt with fork and knife (as is often the case with the oh-so-cool British gastro-pub scene of epic giant burgers.
) The patty is smaller than you might be used to, oh Edinburgher folk, and the bread lighter.
Then why not have two?
I went for the Reuben (on the specials board).
A regular burger with cheese, saurkraut and 1000 Island Dressing, on a gluten free bun.
First up, the gluten free bun is the BEST gluten free burger bun I've had anywhere.
Seriously, oh so good.
A little dryer than it's gluten-containing buddy Id wager (that's not a complaint, I choose to be gluten free so my life tends to lack the chewy, moistness of gluten) but it worked well with the burger and was edible.
Hurrah!
The burger itself had that delicious chargrilled flavour, was made with good quality meet, and that 1000 Island Dressing was too good.
I mopped it all up with my chips.
And the chips!
Skins on!
Not over processed fries but seemingly hand-cut fries, with skin still on.
The menu has a regular burger at around £4, a cheese burger, a few types of chicken burger, a veggie burger made with chick peas, and some wicked looking desserts.
You simply need to order at the till, take your buzzer to your table, it'll go off when it's ready, collect and eat.
You can't book, so simply queue if you want that burger.
I came at 4pm on a Saturday after seeing The Lego Movie (best afternoon ever!
) and got a table straight away.
I practically wanted to marry my burger I enjoyed it so much.
I haven't had a proper, complete burger experience in a long time as I normally need to go without the bun, due to being gluten free, and if I have had a gluten-free bun in the past it's been on a huge jaw-breaker of a burger, and still required fork and knife.
This, ladies and gents, was the perfect burger-eating experience.

Jenny L and Tom G eloquently expressed everything that I would say about Burger.
It is amaazzzzzzzing.
I am so happy to have a really tasty burger joint in Edinburgh.
The service is really good and super friendly.
When my partner and I walked in we were warmly greeted and invited to take a seat.
I've only visited once (so far) but I definitely see myself become a regular.
I had the cheeseburger.
The meat is so flavourful and juicy.
I am a big fan of the bun to meat ratio.
And the cheese!
It was better than typical 'American cheese' or mature cheddar (for a burger).
The people here have fine tuned the American burger formula but have also made it their own.
I also like their special sauce.
I had the chilli cheese fries that were on special.
Pretty tasty.
I was impressed with the amount of beef that was actually in the chilli.
I like that they keep the skin on their fries.
It reminds me of New York Fries (a chain in Canada) but they are skinnier here and I think better.
I love Burger.

There is a certain buzz which goes with a new place and while I think Burger is good, I don't think it is great...
The burger I had, a basic beef burger was tasty enough, though the patty felt a little small.
The fries which accompanied it were hand-cut style and perfectly crisp.
So all good there, well sort of...
I hate to cast aspersions but the hand cut fries are near identical to those served with the burger in the Library Bar within Teviot Row House, I don't doubt they are hand cut, I'm just not convinced they are hand cut on premises, which is what one might assume, though to be fair it doesn't state that anywhere.
Next we have the burger, it is a decent burger, but it isn't really that much better than WannaBurger and the basic beef burger is a £1 more.
Sticking on this vain, why does Burger only offer hotdogs at the weekend, in my opinion either they should be on the menu or not.
Now while this might seem negative I did enjoy the meal and I will likely return, however I am also a realist and realistically Burger is good, but I am not convinced it is much better than it's closest competitor located in the west end...

Well, this place is full of contradictions for me!
First, despite everyone loving the burgers, I've had the Reuben Burger, the Classic Burger, and now the Chicken Katsu Burger... while I loved the size, buns, etc., I just couldn't get fully onboard with the burgers.
They were by no means bad, and I'm a fan of onions so the onions mixed in weren't off-putting, but the regular burgers didn't top the Sou'Wester Burger at The Huxley and the Chicken Katsu Burger didn't top the Panko Crumbed Chicken Burgers from GBK.
Specifically on the Chicken Katsu Burger, the overall flavour combination of the Chicken Katsu Burger was a winner, but I wish it had been a different type of Chicken "Burger"... this was like a burger patty, but chicken...
I almost wondered if I had gotten the wrong thing based on another poster's picture.
That flavour, with the right piece of chicken, would definitely work for me.
Perhaps it's a downside to all of the rave reviews, but I did expect coming here to be a revelation of some sort which wasn't the case... at least for the burgers.
(I must also admit to not being on board with the whole burger craze, so maybe I'm not the best judge.
)  Now, the fries...
I LOVED the fries.
The first time I had them they were sadly a bit cold, but extra crispy, and it was near closing so I didn't fault the place.
On second attempt, while not as crispy as the previous order, they were hot and still crispy skin on deliciousness.
I'm not actually a "skin on" fries fan, I tend to love whatever fries/chips that are delicious regardless of what type they are, but these definitely worked for me.
The other thing that I loved here, sorbet shakes with soy milk!
Specifically I had the Passion Fruit Sorbet Shake with Raspberries and Chilli Walnuts... so happy to have had a "shake" as being lactose intolerant I don't get to choose from shakes very often...
I'm sure the rest of the world has caught up and that soy shakes are an option at most places now, but it's nice to see it as an option here along with the Gluten Free Rolls that Jenny mentioned... if anything it will have me poking around similar places to see if they offer these as an option now.
Regardless, it was GOOD... in all honesty I can see myself coming here again just for the fries and sorbet shakes.
For the place itself, I pretty much like the design of the place... not too much, not too little.
One note for the ladies however, it looks like they are following the pseudo modern trend of shared bathrooms... not a problem for the gentlemen, but the poor ladies having to deal with how messy we are!
The buzzer after ordering doesn't bother me, I prefer it to having to stand waiting or listening out for a name/number, but it's odd there isn't an option to take your tray somewhere and dump your trash...
I guess they're going for the higher class vibe on that part, and I know a lot of people don't bother taking their own trash when there is an option, but it feels weird to me given the order at the counter vibe.
Not a negative though, just a note.
The service has been awesome though, which is good given the aforementioned buzzer scenario where it's easy to zone out on that aspect...
I know it's a new place, but if they keep up the current level of service then it should help them along.
One final note... the "Chilli Hot Sauce" dip is actually Sriracha... a plus in some ways, as that sauce is awesome, but I do wish they had a tangy type Buffalo Sauce to go along as an option... it's also a bit cheeky to see someone charge for Sriracha, .50 for a very small amount, when most places offer it as a free condiment.
It is what it is though, and at least it's the good kind of Sriracha.
So there it is, for whatever reason I'm not completely sold on the burgers themselves, but can see why others like them... that paired with the amazing fries, friendly service, and soy option shakes definitely earns four stars in my book... just wish I could've gone five stars like everyone else!

Love Burger.
Been there twice, everything's nice!
Had a cheeseburger, haus dog and fries.
Everything's fresh and local.
Also had a chocolate shake, OMG lushly goodness.
My new favorite place!

I was walking past this place every day before they actually opened and I was drooling at the idea of a burger place simply called "burger".
Burger?
I'm wondering what you can eat there... well actually burgers and hot dogs.
Maybe it should be called "Burdogs"?
(I give credit to my friend Sophie for the bad pun).
Anyway, the place is really tasty and reasonably priced albeit portions that looked a bit small on my first visit.
But I was drunk on that day, so I guess I wasn't too objective.
My following visits where a lot more filling and satisfying.
Give it a try :)

Do not burger with Burger.
What a massive disappointment our first (and last) visit to Burger turned out to be; cold chips, not enough sauces in the restaurant, long wait for drinks and food and two tasteless and very greasy burgers.
And we still don't know what their famous homemade special burger sauce tastes like.
On the plus side the chocolate milkshake was delish and the chipotle lime dip was tasty.
Maybe it was a bad night for Burger....

Umm American style?
I'm not so sure of that, to start off there wasn't enough sauces for an American burger place ;).
I liked it but I didn't love it.
To be fair, we got a chicken burger and a falafel burger and chips... so not really writing about the beef burgers.
The chicken burger was breaded and fried ... umm what?
My grandparents used to buy frozen ones like that... but if I ordered a turkey/chicken burger in the states it wouldn't be like that at all...
There were NO tomatoes and not enough salad on our burgers...
I did like the pickles...
The Falafel burger was by far the best of the two.
The chips were fine.
Once again we liked it we just didn't love it.
The prices were cheap so thats probably why we liked it as much as we did haha  I think next time I will try the veggi hot dog... just for kicks.
love me some mustard and sauerkraut.

After so many other yelper hailing this as a sucess, we had to give this a shot!
You get a seat, then a menu then order at the till then get a buzzer.
Buzzer goes off and hey presto you collect your shake and burger!
Simple service so far.
My shake consisted of vanilla and choc chunks - mmmm I tell ye F-a-b-u-l-o-u-s !!!
The fries were out of this world - crispy and potato like!
I choose the chicken patty which had goats cheese pesto and tomato - a fantastic combo and was one of the specials - i would have it again!
Just wish the portions were a little bigger for the price but all very TASTY!

So I ended up here totally by accident.
I was popping into Loudons for a coffee and suddenly realised I was standing right outside Burger!
So many people had said very excited things about this place so the coffee stop quickly turned into a lunch stop.
I came with my buddy Daniel, and we were both a little too taken in by the girl serving us.
We were charmed/conned into getting chips, then upgraded to chilli chips, and i was also convinced to get peanut butter added to my vanilla milkshake.
Don't get me wrong we welcomed all these additions!
We didn't realise that chilli chips actually came with a load of DELICIOUS chilli on them, thank god Stevie was there to help out.
I opted for a double burger with bacon.
Extremely tasty burger, although the bacon was  that chewy stringy crap, a timely reminder to why i never get bacon on my burgers!
The beef was delicious, with just the right amount of toppings, and bun that held its structure until the end of the burger!
I think however the Milkshake was the highlight for me.
You can tell an awful lot about a place by its milkshakes.
These were thick and creamy, and ever so delicious, and not hideously overpriced.
The peanut butter was a very good option to have with the vanilla shake.
Frankly I might pop in here for milkshakes alone.
I didn't take in the menu to its fullest, but I'm definitely going to go and check it out again soon!

sda jio;das m,/ewa ijo'dsankfds[pw ...Oh dear.
It looks like my fingers are too fat now to type.
I am instead typing this laboriously using a paintbrush held between my teeth.
I also fill my entire sofa, and hang over the sides.
But if you seize the folds of my face and lift them to seek out the features underneath, you will see something that looks like a radiant beatific smile.
Friends, I tried Burger.
I tried a chicken katsu burger with pickles in a soft glazed brioche bun with added cheese and bacon.
I tried a bag of delicious fluffy skin-on fries.
I tried a chocolate milkshake with raspberries, a milkshake so thick that I had to suck harder than a Dyson to get that stuff up the straw.
I tried to find the words to describe my joy, and I found only sweet, viscose tears creeping down the creamy rolls of my cheek.
It might not be Michelin star, but I am a Michelin Man, and I am so very, very happy.

Ooo wow, who doesn't love a good burger!
This space was right next to the yelp event next door, so I had to try the burger and fries.
I went for the special (beef with Stilton, port glaze and apple chutney), fries and wasabi mayo, and the stem ginger and Jamaica cake ice cream milkshake.
The burger will probably seem smaller than what you'd expect, but that's reflected in the price.
Bigger isn't always better, as I think I do prefer a small burger like this so that I can have fries and be able to wash it down with a milkshake, and maybe even dessert.
The burger itself was really good, enough Stilton, soft bun.
It was delicious.
I liked that the shake is made with ice cream, and a good thickness.
A lot of British shakes I've had are made with milk and more on the watery side.
The only thing I wasn't happy with was the wasabi mayo.
It didn't have any edge at all, in fact, tasted like 100% regular mayo.
I wondered if maybe I was given a portion of regular mayo instead of the wasabi.
I even ate a few globs on its own - no wasabi Flavor, zing, kick, or anything remotely close.
Maybe they need to look into redoing that dip?
It only cost 50p, but it was silly that it tasted nothing close to wasabi.
Anyway, make sure you check out their specials menu, they have a lot of interesting stuff!
Unfortunately paddy didn't know there were specials, and missed out but I'm sure he'll be back again.

Hailing from Glasgow, the city of fast approaching burger-burnout, I was excited to try Edinburger's latest offering.
It's as simple as the name suggests.
- You order at the till, you get a buzzer and when your buzzer lights up, it is time!
I liked a lot about Burger.
I liked the fact that my bacon cheeseburger held itself together so well; a beautiful, perfectly formed bun-meat-bun rendition.
- Almost cartoon-like, it looked too good to eat and I wanted to treasure it forever!
I liked the sweetness of the glazed brioche bun.
I liked the beef cheese chilli fries; the meat, the flavour, the crispness of the fries.
A little more cheese would have been the real cherry on the cake but they were so very delicious and that's really me just being unnecessarily pernickety!
So, a burger of the finest kind, it really was.
- Juicy and flavoursome and just the right size.
Although, it's worth mentioning that if you like your burger on the pink-in-the-middle side, you'll need to specify this.
Mine was cooked just about through, but not lacking anything, still juicy and succulent.
I know a lot of people like their burger super juicy and pink and I'm partial to that too.
And so, with fast and friendly service to boot, I'm willing to say I'm a fan of Burger.
If I'm in the area and the burger cravings come, as they so often do, then I'm sure I'll find myself returning.

Om nom nom.
After finishing exams a trip to Burger was just what the doctor ordered (well probably not actually) but it was the perfect end to my day!
I ordered the chicken katsu burger with scrummy wasabi mayo and  fries.
The boy went for a coconutty/blackbean/mango chicken burger from the specials board.
We also had some chilli cheesy fries and plain fries and both were crispy and delicious.
Their milkshake was super tasty (and so thick you had to suck your cheeks in to get it up the straw).
We had the chocolate one with peanut butter and it was lovely and ice-creamy!
The staff were friendly and it was nice and chilled out with a mixture of couples, work friends, families etc.
Would definitely go back.

Well, I've gone past Burger on my way to the cinema a few times now, and it always piqued my interest...but I've always been in a hurry so never actually had the chance to go in before.
However, my dining companion and I last night were entirely unsure of where to go for dinner, until I basically said "hmm...why don't we try Burger?
"  We're both glad I did.
Oh my god.
This is basically the place I've wanted in Edinburgh for a while now.
So, we went in and were greeted by the friendly woman behind the counter, who basically showed us to our seats, brought along a couple of menus and explained how things worked.
We had a quick look through the menu and daily specials, he had the chicken katsu burger (which was apparently fantastic) and I decided to try the bacon cheeseburger, which was truly top notch top nosh.
The sides?
Well, we had a portion of chips (which were really good) and a portion of chilli cheese fries (which were better).
The chilli was really tasty, a good mix of flavours and a subtle heat to it.
Also, the burger relish was probably the best dip I have had in years and I'm now craving it again.
One last comment about the shakes.
I had the special, which was a rhubarb and custard milkshake.
I could do with another one of those right about now, and I'll be going back ASAP to see what else the menu has for me...  (My dining companion did have the complaint that there was no barbecue sauce available.
I was happy with the burger sauce, but it would be a nice addition to the menu in future!

After all of the crazy excited reviews I've been reading, I wanted to give Burger a try.
I came here last night with a fellow North American and we waxed poetic for a bit about how much Edinburgh has changed since we came here to study (nearly 8 years ago!
) - now, you can get good sushi, there are Mexican joints popping up all over the place, bagels and cream cheese aren't a crazy weirdism, and burgers are done right.
For my first visit to Burger I decided to go basic - a standard burger with normal fries.
The burger was a bit smaller than I'm used to (though admittedly it's probably just the right size), and the portion of fries was massive.
Next time, I would definitely try to convince someone to split the fries with me, because there's no way I have enough self control to leave any uneaten.
I love the inclusion of pickles and "burger" sauce - it elevates the burger from being a meat sandwich to something tangy and delicious.
The brioche bun was quite good, though I did find it a bit dry and could probably have scraped some of the innards out to get the meat to bread ratio a bit better.
The fries.... the fries that everyone else seemed to love, left me a bit flat.
Skins on?
Great.
Lukewarm?
Definitely not great.
They were good, but left the distinct impression that they had been cooked a little while before and kept warm somewhere, leaving them a little limp and a bit meh for my liking.
Twice fried are the best anyway, so why not do the second fry as they're ordered?
To sum  - I liked the food.
The burger itself ranks as one of Edinburgh's best, if not THE best.
The whole experience, though, fell a little short.
In the short column I'll include the fries, the price (£6 for posh fast food seems a little steep, but as I write this I feel like an old person reflecting on times of yore when a cow cost a tuppence), and the design/decoration of the place.
Burger is decorated in the currently hip fashion of industrial chic.
It's not a warm place that makes you want to stay and enjoy a drink or two.
You arrive, you order, you eat, you go.
I don't eat food for the sole purpose of filling a hole in my belly.
I like to enjoy myself.
There was nothing in the atmosphere that invited me to stay a while, that gave me a reason to pay £4 for a 330ml bottle of beer.
It's for this reason above all others that, while I'm sure I'll return to Burger at some point while I'm on a night out and looking for something better than chippy food, I'm not hugely likely to purposely plan a meal here in the future.

So we went to check out burger this lunch time and what we had was a pretty damn fine meal if maybe not the best burger I've ever eaten.
Saying that, with living in Manchester I really am spoilt for choice in terms of carnivore cafés!
A good general menu with main options offering normal, cheese, chicken and double options of all - there's also a daily specials board which showcased items such as Thai fish cake burgers - which 2 of out group had and enjoyed a lot.
I went for the double cheese burger and it was pretty damn good!
Definitely from the in and out school of burgers - filling is what you get with the fries rustic and tasty!
The vanilla milkshake was also pretty damn good.
Overall a good choice for lunch - nice!

I'm going to try to write this in an unbiased way ...
But to get it out of the way, I live in the city of great burgers (Glasgow) and Burger in Edinburgh wasn't able to steal the crown.
They have a good range of burgers on their usual menu, and a jumbled mix of specials.
I opted for a cheeseburger on a gluten free bun with chips and burger sauce.
Good things were the amount of pickle on the burger, the chips (deliciously crunchy) and the burger sauce was out of this world.
Less than good things were the burger - overcooked patty, it wasn't particularly tasty and was topped with forgettable cheese.
The gluten free bun wasn't pleasant so I ended up ditching it and just eating the burger.
I tried some of my friends chilli fries and thought they were pretty tasty.
All up for me, Burger wasn't the burger epiphany I was hoping for in Edinburgh.

The fries were good without anything on them.
We originally went there for the Chicken Katsu Burger with cheese and bacon.
We also had a chocolate shake with raspberries.
The people working there were very nice.
We got a UFO table number, but it wasn't very busy, so she brought our food out to us,

Agree with all the positives that have gone before, but need to highlight a couple of points for contention I've accumulated in my brace of visits;  1) Menu could do with a bit of bulking up.
As it stands I'm STILL waiting for somewhere to come along and really rock the burger market in terms of invention.
The patties are kept to a basic beef, chicken or veg.
Granted the Chicken Katsu is fantastic, upon my second visit however I came very close to ordering it again as I found the rest of the menu a bit uninspired.
I eventually made a last minute change and went for the Red White and Blue from the specials (red pepper, white onion, blue cheese with a blueberry jam on top) and that was also great - can't knock them for flavour - but still, would it hurt to chuck a lamb burger on there, or pork or venison or DUCK!
Still waiting on the duck burger.
Come on Edinburgh!!
2) Couple of quid too steep.
Great flavour, manageable size, good presentation, but prices are a wee bit silly.
Someone here said something about a lack of pretention - I disagree, the pretention can be found in the costs, eg.
£1.50 for double-ups, £1.75 for 1 scoop of sorbet, £4.20 for a Rekorderlig (George St.
prices!
), almost £4 (and sometimes over) for a shake.
My first visit saw me forking out close to 20 quid for burger, fries and shake.
Second visit I omitted the fries and still paid close to 12 nicker.
Given that the place is essentially dollied-up fast food (there's no service; you order, you wait, you collect) I can't justify paying the same as you would in a restaurant where you're likely to spend an hour or so.
Very very tasty, but not without an element of pain on the pocket.

I've been here twice now and I have to count myself a lucky devil for it.
I like to think of myself as a burger connoisseur (doesn't every Yelper?!
) and I'm a reyht picky so-and-so when it comes to me patties, so every time I find a jolly decent bite I'm delighted.
Life is too short for crap burgers.
(I may have high standards, but also, anything that oozes cow juice and melty cheese makes me happy.
)  So that's where we are with these guys.
I like the cut of their jib: why piss about with a fancy name?
Burger is all one needs to know.
They offer a range of specials, but I suggest going straight-up cheeseburger.
(Call me a traditionalist, if you will, but who needs more than meat and cheese and bread and a pickle?
)  The chilli fries are great.
Don't think Americana: think actual minced meat chilli with a boat load of cheese and other niceness.
Those, along with your I-don't-want-to-mess-about-with-a-solid-formula cheeseburger, should absolutely hit the spot for lunch.
In fact, that's a little bit greedy of you.
What else?
Free Wi-Fi (if you want to sit in all day and smell like cooked meats).
Cool tunes.
Drinks, obvs.
Simple décor.
Lovely, patient, accommodating staff.
Warning: On a sunny day that cushioned thing that lines the window becomes hotter than the earth's crust, covered in lava and actual hell fire.
The blinds don't go any lower.
Sweat it out or swap seats.
Je suis un FAN of this wee place.

