I was anxiously awaiting the opening of La Fontana Trattoria.
My review mostly tonight is for the owner and staff.
What a welcome from the owner and the rest of the team.
When I want Italian, this is exactly what I want!
Italian owned and you feel like family when you walk in the door.
This seems like a great place to sit, relax on the patio, enjoy your company, enjoy a bottle of wine and great food when you're not in a rush....when you have time to really enjoy your evening and a great meal.
I believe that they are waiting for their liquor license so you are currently able to b.y.o.b.
for a minimal corkage fee.
There is a party store right next door but  their wine selection is minimal (CVS across the street actually has a fairly decent selection if you forget to plan ahead.
)  I ordered a pizza tonight (although their menu has some amazing dishes, I went with quick take home food)  When I go back and dine in, I will have to try one of their pasta dishes.
Based on the delicious sauce on the pizza, I have to think the rest of their menu will be great!
I support local businesses and  La Fontana seems to have made a choice to be a local, neighborhood restaurant and therefore they do not have the luxury of hungry tourists just walking by and seeing their menu like other restaurants just 2 miles away in Old town.
That is exactly why I was anxiously awaiting their opening.
So glad I stopped in and gave them a try.
I will be back!

Real ITALIAN !!
Loved everything.
Waiting for liquor so BYOB.
But worth it

Spent the evening with 10 friends at this great, new restaurant.
Tried several dishes on the menu.
Best sauce ever!
Light, fresh and tasty!
Staff was amazingly friendly, Great location, great prices and the owner is authentically charming.
Definately recommend this place and will be back!

After hearing from my friends in the neighborhood about this great little Italian restaurant, we finally made it there last night.
Of course, great April evenings started our experience at La Fontana perfectly on the patio.
The owners and wait staff made us and our children feel so welcome.
Bringing our own bottle for our meal (w/a small corkage fee) was even better.
Then we got to the food.
From the bread, to the fresh side salad (which looked like a meal) to the dinners we each chose (there were 11 of us) we were one satisfied group.
My husband and friend had chicken piccatta, which was dreamy.
The chicken was pounded thin and very tender with not too many or too little capers on top.
The accompanying pasta was creamy and not too salty.
I had the bolognese pasta with wide noodles.....so good.
The calamari appetizer was also amazing.
We will be back, if only so we can try some of the other items on the menu.
The prices were great and all of us had leftovers to take home.
These owners are hard-working people and I do really hope they succeed.
We like having a great tasting, fare priced, authentic restaurant in our neighborhood.

I am so excited that this place is open.
I have been driving past it for a while now so when I saw the lights on I jumped on going.
I had NO expectations and I must say that I couldn't be more happy and... FULL.
Thank god my house is only 2 blocks away.
I typically am not an over-eater but the food was so good I couldn't stop.
First off...
This is a real Italian place with real Italian food owned and run by... REAL ITALIANS.
The food is authentic (I have been to Italy 2 times), the portions are more then fair, and the prices are good as well.
We started with the calamari... Lightly breaded, not chewy, and the marinara sauce on the side was so tasty and flavorful.... Just delish!
I am a sucker for gnocchi and I added mushrooms (additions are no problem for the kitchen... just like in Italy).
Wow it was amazing.
I have had my fair share of gnocchi and this ranks right up there with the best if them.
almost forgot!
The bread...
Hot out of the oven.
Nothing like the smell and taste of hot fresh bread.
No wonder I am so full.
All in all... Just go.
Go and support this local place.
Support real Italian food.
Ciao!

What is there to say about the new Italian restaurant, La Fontana, in Scottsdale?
Both the waiter and the chef are Italian.
That is supposed to be enough, right?
We started off with some very tasty calamari and a caprese salad.
The portions of pasta are very abundant and everything is so fresh and light.
You don't have that heavy feeling after your meal.
You may bring your own alcoholic beverages since they have yet to get a liquor license.
We ate on a cute patio in the back that is really nice and cozy with a fountain that makes the meal very relaxing.
My wife and I went with another couple and they were astonished by all the royal treatment the staff gave to us.
It's that personal touch that really tops it off.
At the end of the meal were free cannolis and tiramisu.
What more could you ask for?
Alberto.

Wonderful place, wonderful food, wonderful ambience and first-class service!
Good friends introduced us to La Fontana last evening (he has dined there five times in the two weeks it's been open) and we can't wait to take other friends there too!
We were greeted very graciously by the owner, who also served us with first-class expertise and hospitality.
The four of us enjoyed a superb dinner and can't wait to go back.
It may take some time, but I plan to eventually try everything on the menu :)   We enjoyed hot bread and garlic dipping sauce with our wine (byob currently, so get there asap!
) while we perused the menu.
My husband and I started with very fresh, delicious caprese salads (half of which we each took home), then on our friend's recommendation, ordered the lasagna, which we all agreed was the best we've ever had.
Again, the portions were so generous we weren't able to finish it, and took half home.
After a leisurely, very enjoyable dinner, my husband and I managed to share a delicious tiramisu accompanied by wonderful coffee from Italy.
Oh--and we also ordered a pizza to take home for this evening!
Many thanks to our friends for introducing us to La Fontana, and congratulations to Franco on this gem of a place.
I recommend you get there soon, especially since you can bring your own wine temporarily while the liquor license is being processed.
However, when that happens, I have a feeling Franco will offer some great wines at reasonable prices to go with the great, reasonably priced cuisine at La Fontana.
Love this place!

I love this place!
The food is amazing.
After dining with 6 people who all ordered different things off the menu I was impressed every dish was perfect!
Each of the six people I came to lunch with had food envy as we looked at each dish.
The next time I came back the waiter remembered me and I was greeted with a smile.
Real Italian food, remarkable service and the comfortable atmosphere will keep me coming for more!!
I love this place!
Check it out

Great food!
Excellent service!
I ordered food to go, it was waiting for me when I showed up to pick it up 10 minutes later!
This place is a gem!
Must try!
Classic Italian food, done right!

Authentic, quality Italian.
Loved it!
Restaurant is quaint, owner is very friendly and warm, chef is also very friendly and inviting.
What we've had:  Caesar salad, homemade dressing which is hard to find and very good!
Lasagna, outstanding, pasta is light, sauce like my grandma from Italy made.
Gnocchi, feather light with an exquisite Alfredo sauce.
Chicken piccata, chicken is so moist and pounded thin, finished to perfection with a fresh lemon caper sauce, and served with wonderful oven roasted rosemary potatoes.
Chicken Parmesan, also pounded thin, best I've had.
We've had take-out and then sat on the patio tonight with my husband and daughter.
Love this place!
They don't have a liquor license yet, so it's byob, and you can pay a small corkage fee.
Go here, seriously.

I was a little worried about the five star rating with only 10 reviews but I have to say they were spot on.
It's much better than sals and for a better price.
I got the caprese and my wife and I split the chicken piccata.
She is very picky with Italian and recommended I write a review because we both though this was the best in the area and haven't had a very good experience looking for Italian in Scottsdale.
The lemon sauce with capers was perfect, and we had the small vegetable side instead of pasta because we've been eating a little heavy lately.
I didn't know what to expect and was frankly a little worried but it was a mix of chopped mushrooms and spinach perfectly cooked together.
The restaurant is also really well put together, and the outside patio seems like a nice place for a dinner.
I always thought the exterior wouldn't lend itself well to an Italian restaurant of that caliber but the owners did a great job with the interior and small patio area.
The server is a nice old Italian man and the cook came out to wish me well on the meal.
It was surprisingly authentic and the ingredients weren't cheap like some of the places around.
I don't know if they make it, but they sell extra virgin olive oil just inside.
This place is definitely worth a try if you're looking for Italian in south scottsdale that beats the others in both taste and price.

My wife and I went the first week they opened.
I lived in Italy for 4 years and so I knew when I saw "trattoria-pizzeria" I was dealing with either the real deal or total shmo's.
These guys were the REAL DEAL.
In-house made pasta, fresh shrimp and did I mention the prices?
Fantastic.
We started the meal off with the bruschetta.
Holy wow.
Then, I got the Shrimp Alfredo and my wife got the Chicken Alfredo.
Pasta was perfect Al Dente.
We felt very special that the cook/owner would come out and talk with us and walk us through their story, and the menu.
Such a great Italian family atmosphere.
We will be returning again and again and again.
We can't say enough great things about this place.

The food was absolutely excellent.
This is a true Italian restaurant with a great European feel.
Wasn't the fastest service but they just opened.
The owners/staff are friendly and welcoming.
Just go, you'll be happy.

Excellent authentic Italian food.
The service was genuine the food was superb.
Our new favorite local spot.

I was really hoping I would not like La Fontana because I live 40 minutes away but I loved it.
It is so worth the drive.
The tiny family run authentic Italian menu was outstanding.
We had calamari and meatballs as an appetizer.
I could have made a meal on the appetizer.
Our entrees were superb.
We got to know the owner and had a lot of fun.
An added bonus was bringing our own wine which we wanted to drink for a minimal surcharge fee.
This is a new restaurant and I am afraid when more people hear about this place it will be hard to get in.
Right now it is a hidden secret, so I am going to make the drive quite often.
Thanks Franco for a great evening and when I come back I am going to order Paglia Fieno,

We had a wonderful dinner Saturday night.
From the bruschetta to the entrees, everything was wonderful.
The icing on the cake is their BYOB policy with a $5 corkage fee.
We will be back soon!

Just happened to stop here for dinner,  but we were pleasantly surprised!
Wonderful food and service!

The food was excellent.
I will be going back.
The staff was very friendly and the waiter was actually Italian too.
Small place just like a trattoria would be in Italy.
Good portions are not huge but it makes you wanting more.
It's about the quality.

I left here knowing we probably would never make our way back.
The restaurant is quaint and the owner as the reviews mentioned is amazing - he definitely has an old world charm to him but not enough to make up for what the place lacked - a good wait staff and flavor.
Pasta was under cooked, oily and tasteless.

I don't understand the high ratings for this place.
The ambiance is cute and cozy but where do I begin.
The place was empty except for another table and a staff member sitting at a table with his apron on and doing paperwork and being on a tablet.
After we were served, we see our chef go out and sit on the patio drinking a beer.
The meatballs were rubbery and gray and you could barely cut into it with a fork...obviously not fresh, probably microwaved.
My pasta with clams had a funny flavor; I was a little worried that they were not entirely fresh.
There was way too much pasta on the plate and it was dry, gummy, overcooked and lacking salt, which is unbelievable since clam sauce is usually very briny and buttery.
The old guy as our server was cute and nice and all, but he works way too slow and would be totally overburdened if there were more than 2 full tables at this restaurant.
Also, you can look into their kitchen as there is a window in front and you will notice no fresh produce in sight or fresh pasta being made anywhere, only cans and a big plastic vat of sauce.
The yelpers that gave this place 5 stars probably have never had good Italian, much less have been to Italy to know what really excellent Italian food tastes like.

This restaurant is authentic Italian cuisine.
The owner Marco cooks all of the food fresh and it is very delicious.
The fried calamari is so tasty.
The penne  Alla putanesca and the chicken pollo parmigiana is to die for.
Enjoy with some wine.
Be sure to have some cannolis and enjoy a glass of sambuca at the end.
I can't say enough.
This place has delicious authentic Italian food.
If you are ever in Scottsdale stop by and enjoy!

Best Italian food in all of Scottsdale.
Homemade and fresh just for the customer.
Chef straight from Italy.

