Public Cuts N Styles is everything you want in a Barber Shop.
Both Steve and David are young professionals with a excellent skill level.
The shop is clean, provides a true barber shop feel, and prices are beyond reasonable.
I have seen both barbers cut multiple styles on all ages and the result is always 5 stars.
I'm picky about my hair, I like to stay fresh, who doesn't?
I won't steer you wrong, check out Public Cuts N Styles.

Public Cuts N Styles was good, honest business.
The two barbers, David and Steven, informed me they just took over this location a few months back, but the spot was a barber shop before.
Well, I gotta tell you, David hooked me up clean.
My roommate actually told me about this place and these guys.
I honestly use to go to Camelback Barber or Central Barber and even A&D on 10th & Camelback (most expensive).
This place was way more easy going and honestly, the best bang for the buck.
Highly recommended.
Check them out.

After being denied at The Groom Room Barbershop because I am a girl I found myself here feeling a little dejected.
Right away I was made to feel welcomed.
I was asked if I wanted water or juice while I waited for my turn.
David ended up being my barber and he did a great job.
He looked at the picture I brought in and made my hair look great.
If you want to get your haircut by stand up individuals come here.
They are great and take pride in cutting hair no matter who you are.

I came across this place by mistake to be honest.
I went in and the two guys working were really into the hair cuts they were doing.
I got my hair cut by David and he mentioned that he just took over the place.
David and Steven really take their work seriously.
Everyone is always a little leery of going to get their hair cut at a new spot but I'm glad I went in that day.
The next day I got more compliments on my hair cut than I ever got.
My girlfriend actually said " you should get your hair cut there every time"... And I have ever since.
I also like the fact that David is passoinate about his work and making sure that you look clean every time.
My roommate was the review above.
He goes there every time as well.
I will continue to tell as many people as I know about this Barber shop.

Best place in town to get a haircut in my opinion!
Both barbers are so focused on what they do and their work is perfect!!
Definitely only place i will get my haircuts!

