Gourmet Salads, Wraps and Superfood Smoothies at awesome prices.
What is not to love?

The staff was friendly and knew the menu.
Both of our meals were tasty (Caprese salad  and Santa Fe wrap).
I appreciated the vegan protein option.
The seating and outside area was clean and in the shade.
I'm looking forward to trying the smoothies next time!

This is this restaurant's 2nd location.
The salads here are the same high quality offerings that they have at their original location.
If you've been there you know what I'm talking about.
I think the design of the facilities here shows that they've learned and evolved from the original location.
There is more shade over the outdoor seating area and there are tables on the north side of the building (which will be a blessing in the hot months).
I try not to use drive-throughs due to personal preference but from what I observed it's very efficient here.
The staff here is as friendly as it gets.
They really make an effort to get to know you and your preferences.
They call me by name when I walk up!
If you're in east Chandler or west Gilbert you'd be well advised to stop in and give it a try!

Wow!
Food is awesome!
Love the Greek and Santa Fe salads.
I think they make their own dressing.
The food is tasty,  filling and healthy.
I can't wait to go back and try the quinoa breakfast.

I was excited to have a healthy option that was as easy to get as the typical fast food burger, which let's be honest is far from healthy!
I had high expectations, and to be honest, I was not disappointed.
The portion was extremely generous, their staff was extremely friendly, accommodating, and my food was out super quick!
I will definitely be going back there again.
It's not cheap, but I would definitely say that it's worth what you pay, and you get what you pay for no doubt!

So I'm visiting from LA, a vegetarian athlete...so when I saw salads with the option of adding veggie gardein chicken, I got super excited!!
What I got was 90% romaine lettuce, very little other ingredients and four or five pieces of chicken.
Flavor fail, salad fail.

Spent like $10 bucks on a salad and drink that wasn't even that good...I could make something like this at home.
Not impressed

Best salads I've ever had!
I have tried everything on the menu and not only are the salads healthy and good for you, they are absolutely delicious!
I'm so happy they opened a second location that is near my house.
I love that almost all their salads are also a gluten free option.
Their beverages are delicious, including the sodas, smoothies, shakes and coffee.
I highly recommend to anyone looking for a healthier fast food option who wants the best salad they've ever had.
The staff is also amazing and very friendly.
If you haven't tried Salad and Go, you must try it!

I ordered the chicken Cesar salad and a passion ice tea.
The portion size was perfect-more than enough.
The Cesar dressing is so creamy and delicious and I even ordered the light version.
It was very flavorful.
I also enjoyed the Parmesan cheese they sprinkled in it as well as the croutons.
The chicken was okay, not super flavorful but not bland either.
I wonder how it's cooked because it didn't have grill marks or anything.
Nonetheless for a salad and drink I paid a little less than $10.
I feel like it was a tad bit overpriced but considering it's a drive thru salad place that specializes in salad, it's all about supply and demand!
It wasn't the best salad I've ever had, but it was better than any other fast food salad that's for sure.

I thought the value was great for a high quality salad full of extra ingredients and not just stuffed full of lettuce filler.
I had enough for two lunches with the one salad I bought.
Very tasty and so happy that a salad restaurant has opened up so close to me!
I'll definitely stop here regularly...

I just love their salads - honestly...
If I'm Going to pay $7+ for a meal, I would rather have something good for me than a burger, fries, and crap!

Every salad I've tried here is pretty awesome.
The only thing I haven't liked in my salad was the fresh cheese in the Caprese salad, but then again I don't like fresh cheese and must've looked over the fact that this salad came with it.
The smoothies are also good.
I always add the pea protein in mine.
My wife also loves their salads and green tea.
Thanks for giving us a healthy drive-thru for on-the-go meals.

Kewl concept and probably a much needed option too.
I originally thought this place may have been affiliated with a salad restaurant in Tucson but it's not.
It is a Gilbert based business.
Perfect.
I got the Strawberry and Roasted Almond Salad with the additional grilled free range chicken.
My son got a Spinach & Smoked Bacon wrap with the added chicken.
His disappeared before i could snap a picture.
Mine is a good size salad bowl with a good portion of chicken.
Disappointed that it had so few strawberries in it cuz it's like a buck fifty more than the other salads without any extras.
Also one bite tasted soapy.
WTH did that come from????
Also came across a couple hair like fibers in my salad like short animal hair or something.
Maybe bristle from a produce scrubbing brush?
Natural afternoon daylight really helps improve my vision bit that's not always a good thing.
:-p.  We'll try this place again I suppose.

I live in The Islands and am super glad this place is finally here!
I usually get the Cobb salad and add chicken...salads are huge and always have tons of chicken in them.
The only downside was getting the dressing on the side and getting this small container of dressing that doesn't cover much.
The salad is big enough for two meals and the side of dressing barely covers half of the salad.
Still love the place though!

I'll admit, I drove by their first location for over a year and thought it looked sketchy.
Once the second location opened, I thought "alright, maybe this is legit.
" I like that you can get the salads as wraps.
I had the chicken Caesar as a wrap and my co-workers were asking where it can from because it looked so good.
The smoothies are amazing!
I've had the peach basil lemongrass smoothie and the strawberry spinach smoothie and both were delightful.
I just tried their breakfast.
I had the protein wrap and it was to die for.
I favored their smoothies and breakfast to their salads.
However, the salads are fine...nothing to write home about other than you can get them in a fast food setting, which is a bonus in my book!
I will definitely be coming here regularly.

Pretty good!
I would eat here again.
I ordered the Greek Salad and Santa Fe.
Had a little of both and very good.

This place was surprisingly good for the fact that I had to get the balsamic dressing with the Asian salad in order to make it vegan.
I would ask for the dressing on the side unless you like a lot of dressing on your salads.
Mine came on the side, but I'm not sure if that's because I changed the order.
It seemed like a lot of dressing and I only used about a third of what they gave me and thought that it was still a lot.
Their juice was good!
Since they don't have any indoor seating and it actually looks like a mainly drive thru place it was nice that they had tables outside and misters to keep you cool while eating.
It was funny to watch people go by after ordering salads through their car windows.
Get out and stretch your legs!
Be healthy!

Nothing bad to say about this place!
Never has it been so convenient to eat healthy.
They offer a variety of options and I love that they offer gardein products for non-meat eaters.
They even offer any salad as a wrap for those who have to eat in a hurry, or while driving (guilty ^_^ ).
Next time I'll have to try out their breakfast options or a healthy shake.

Love this place!
I have been here numerous occasions and every time I go, my order is fast and always correct.
Great pricing for what you get as well.
Also, the customer service is fantastic!
Would recommend this place to anyone!

