Pete is incredible!
We have used him twice and he is honest, reliable and does a fantastic job.
His rates are fair and he is definitely worth calling.
Thanks, Pete, for getting us out of a bind!

Phend plumbing is the best.
Any time we feel panic or worry about our water or pipes, we know who to call.
Most recently, I was worried that I was having a leak in my ceiling.
Pete came out the same day, and explained what was actually happening (no leak, whew!
) Pete is always on time, and generally comes out the same day that I call.
The best thing is that he's always honest.
He takes time to explain how thing work, why or why not a repair might be needed, and I never feel like his fees are unfair.
We've used Phend plumbing for years now, at multiple houses, and he's always been professional and courteous, taking time to help us understand each situation.
His understanding of homes and plumbing is of top notch, which is a great comfort to us non-plumbers.
And guess what, our whole extended family uses Phend Plumbing, too - my parents, my sister, and even our cousins call Pete.
We refer him to all of our friends when they're looking for a plumber, and he treats everyone that we refer to him as if they were his own family.
I highly recommend him for any time you need a plumber.
You won't be sorry.

We are trying to sell a 2-story quadplex apartment unit...
I get a text message at 6:30 am from one of the downstairs tenants that water is leaking through their vent from upstairs.
Really?
Who wants to get this news?
I call one guy and he isn't available.. then I call the realtor selling unit and he tells me to call Pete Phend and that he's "awesome"... uh huh... we'll see.
So I call and explain the problem.
He indicates he or Jesse would be onsite by noon (3 hour response time) and asks if that is acceptable.
I tell him it is and hope to see by 4pm ;)  They call when they are 1 hour out and are onsite by noon (very nice!
)  Jesse indicates he will need to cut a 2 foot hole in the ceiling and tells me he thinks it will be a drainage issue and a not a burst pipe issue.
I authorize him to cut the hole and sure enough... the toilet seal from upstairs is out of whack and the bolts are loose and flushed water is going over the wax ring (I won't give any more details about the flushed water ;)  He tells me what it'll cost to fix and that he can do it right now if I authorize.
I do and within a hour everything is fixed.
Water is back on...
Tenants are happy and the pocketbook is lighter... but only a little lighter... it was a VERY FAIR and reasonable price.
These guys rock.
I will use them again if I have any problems or need anything installed!

