Yay!!!
SO HAPPY they've opened a location in central Phoenix!
Super cute decor, same awesome flavors as their original location in Scottsdale.
I was so happy to see they had Honey Lavender in the case today, their grand opening!
Creamy, delicate flavors.
My 5 yr old daughter chose the Lemon Shiso (Lemon plus a Japanese herb-like leaf...delicious flavor, but I'm surprised she chose that, as it usually appeals to a more mature palate!
My girl's got great taste!
)   Also, this new location accepts all major credit cards, including AMEX!

Sweet Republic is great, I love that they use all natural ingredients and they really try to bring new flavor combinations and profiles to the public.
The owners are pretty darn nice and the store is much roomier than their closest competition (Churn on Central).
I can find nothing to fault about the store and their product!
We have options near the central corridor when it comes to ice cream, but for my money I think Sweet Republic is gunning for the top spot.
Their space is more accommodating, their flavors are more unique and their quality is top notch.
Do yourself a favor and order the roasted homemade marshmallow on top!
And while you are at it, tell them Tim sent you!
(They wont have any idea who Tim is by the way...)

So good, not just your basic vanilla ice cream.
All home made ice cream and you can tell when you taste it, they are also super nice here!
Reccomend the salted caramel!

All fresh natural ingredients.
Everything I tried was awesome & they sell Bacon Brittle.

I've kicked my Skinny Cow choco-mint sammys to the curb and I do declare the way to this man's heart is two scoops of salty/sweet creamy lovin, any flavor any time.
Doin it and Doin it and Doin it well (3x)

In my opinion, there are only two places in this town to get ice cream: Sweet Republic and Churn.
Otherwise, save yourself the calories.
You're welcome.

In a span of just a few days, I've been here for their popular toffee banofi sundae, a pint of salted butter caramel ice cream, and a triple chocolate milk shake -- all superb.
The quality of the artisan ice cream served here is phenomenal; you can really taste the difference in freshness and richness compared to gigantic-batch commercial ice cream, or even the ice cream in other mom 'n pop joints.

Really like this place.
Favorites:  medjool date, Meyer lemon, and Mayan chocolate.
Service is friendly and prompt.

Stopped by asahi bakery to order a cake and found this new location next door.
Always consistently good ice cream.
Tried the newest flavor - peaches and cream and it was yummy.
Glad to see them expanding.
3rd location is in terminal 4 somewhere.

I like that they not only have ice cream to serve immediately,  and my favorite dessert is pecan turtle, but they already have prepackaged pints of different interesting flavors.
The first time I went there the waffle was amazing, the second time not so much.
I hope it was just an accident and wont get worse.
You can get your bag of big marshmallows too, while you are there.

I got the Peaberry Espresso and Belgian Chocolate.
Free sprinkles and smiles!
I tried the Mayan Chocolate, which had a nice kick of habanero at the end.
I would go back to try the milkshakes and sundaes.
Also the sorbets!
It's been a while since I've had a good mango sorbet.

I need to go back and try it again.
I got the mint ice cream, powerfully mint.....real mint, get ready to be mintified.

Yes!
So happy there's a location closer to where I live.
It's located in a shopping strip - it's across the street from The Vig and around the corner from TEXAZ Grill.
It's small, but it's got the same charm and feel of the Scottsdale location.
Staff are friendly and nice.
The malt chocolate chip is awesome.
Strawberry sorbet is a delicious way to go if you want something lighter.
Coconut sorbet is wonderful, too.
Chocolate shake is delish, though a bit thin so if you like your shakes thick you might want to ask them to go light on the milk.
Still, it's rich and fantastic.
Yum yum yum... can't wait to go back.

Delicious ice cream made from great ingredients.
Love the mini hot fudge sundae with various ice cream flavors each time!
Glad this new location is close to home!

Hands down S'mores Sumdae is the best ever.
Next time I Want another marshmallow on it because it was so good !
Brother in law got triple play sundae.
Love this place.

Tasty ice cream.
They have lots of unique flavors and combinations.
Still doesn't beat my all time favorite Ben and Jerry's, but it's a nice concept and I'll definitely be back!

Oh for heaven's sake try this homemade ice cream!!
Trust me!
They serve up interesting combo of flavors, like lavender honey, sweet corn or green chartreuse ice cream.
Plus nothing says gluten like smacking these bold flavors in their homemade sweet, crisp waffle cones or between two house made cookies!
I love this place so much I'm buying a t-shirt!

Was expecting more from their signature flavor Salted Butter Caramel Swirl.
I had read several reviews of it in various Phoenix publications extolling it as a very unique flavor.
It might as well have been just plain vanilla ice cream - very little caramel & hardly any salt.
Was so disappointed since I drove 14 miles to get there.
I did sample the Lavender Honey flavor and it was very good.
It tasted just like lavender smells!
I might stop there again but only if I happened to be in the area.

Sweet Republic you satisfy all my ice cream needs.
Fancy artisan ice cream, with an innovative selection that's constantly rotating, there is no need for me to cheat on you and try other shops when I'm in Phoenix.
Every time I'm in town you do a great job of tempting me with something new and exciting.
Churn piqued my interest for a minute and I thought about cheating on you with them this last time but their selection can't compare to yours and so I was faithful and never step foot into their establishment.
Now I don't even think twice about where to get my fix.
It's all about that Sweet Republic.

