Amazing!
Competitive pricing and options available.
They are also offering 20% for the grand opening.
$15 off punch card after 10th visit.
I will definitely be returning and taking everyone with me.

I'm very snobby about my pedicures lol :) that being said I was very impressed the inside of building is beautiful very relaxing.
The options of colors are great & a nice selection of products for purchase.
There are two different products you can choose from for treatments they vary in price in range if $25 to $ 60+ .
They do offer a punch card program which I think is very generous & I look forward to using.
The staff was friendly I went in with my mother in law & we were helped by Tracy & Kim both were fantastic!!!
They have a grand opening special right now that offers a 20% off discount.
They accept only cash for tips so try to remember to hit atm first .
Also may be helpful to make appointment this place maybe new but is filling up quick.

I love this place!
Clean, beautiful, friendly and too-notch without being crazy expensive.
Three generations of girls came here to get pedis and we weren't disappointed.
We got the signature deluxe service which delivered on expectations with a great massage.
My 4 year old was made to feel extra special with super glitter polish and my mom almost fell asleep :) pretty pretty toes all round!

Great place to come and relax with friendly service.
I've been here twice now and both times were fantastic.
I highly recommend this place.

Always get accommodated right away and they are all very sweet!
Snow has done my nails and toes twice now and always leave happy.
Refreshments here from water to beer/wine/champagne.
Everything is very clean and cute inside.
You'll leave happy with great prices and punch/reward card!

I loved this place !!
They offer a lot of 'extra goodies' for the same prices as other places ..
They do great massages, use great products , Ect...
The only reason I took off a half star is bc I went in for a gel polish change and they said it was for $15 ...
When I went to check out she said it was for $20..
Confused I asked and the reply was that they charge $5 to remove your old gel polish ... :-/    I would have rather then just say that up front... Other than that I love them and their discount card !

