Previously the Scottish Burger Bistro (and still in the same ownership), the Crafters Barn is a slightly odd fusion of Belgian, Spanish, pizza and steak.
The Belgian influence is both at food and beer level; the Spanish comes in the form of a tapas menu; I didn't try the pizzas; the steaks can be cooked by diners at their table on some called a lava stone (frankly that sounds completely terrifying to me, but I'm sure others will find it great fun.
)  I was charmed by the place and the food I sampled was very good, with a delicious fish stew and very tasty chorizo.
Overall, we said: "I was impressed with The Crafters Barn.
Fusion places with eclectic menus can be a little tricky to judge, but from what I sampled I'd heartily recommend a visit.
I look forward to sampling more dishes from their selection over the coming months.

We stumbled upon this place primarily due to its location - and the bit of outdoor seating next to Lady Stair's Close...Given it was a beautiful night with a sunset, it fit the bill.
The Belgian beer selection was really good and the server we had was so helpful and attentive - she helped make the experience memorable.
We moved inside to try the food and my companions spoke highly of the mussels.
The pizza we had was also quite good.
It wasn't too crowded so service continued to be excellent.
Good mix of music played and the space is light, open, uncluttered with a euro-modern feel.
All in I would absolutely return on my next visit.

Another incarnation of a Mound eatery but this is a good one!
Came here on a voucher deal with Tanya L. Our deal was for steak and chips and it was a great deal.
No dodgy voucher deals here - our steaks from Puddledub (available at the Edinburgh markets) were available in 8oz sirloin or rib-eye or 6oz fillet.
The steaks came on a lava stone so we could cook them as we like.
Great steaks, very tasty and great quality meat.
The chips for me were made to be gluten free - skinny fries, with partial skins on and were excellent!
There is an excellent Belgian beer list with beers ranging from the £3.50 mark to around £8.
There is also Mongozo GF beer to so GF peeps aren't left out which is great!
There are also belgian beers on draft including kriek (cherry).
The wine list is small but decent options.
My red French Carignan went well with my steak and was £5 for 175ml.
Service was lovely and friendly and great with suggesting gf potato based options for me which I appreciated.
The interior is very modern - brick and wood but some booths and lovely rugs draped over chairs still to give an impression of a Scottish 'look' that's probably in keeping with the name.
I will go back - great food, drink options and service.
it would be worth checking out at lunch as there are deals to be had...

"Meh.
I've experienced better", is what Yelp considers two stars.
It seems I'm the only reviewer that had such a mediocre experience so far.
It was my first time being in a restaurant that offers lava stones where you can actually cook your steak the way you want to!
And that sounds quite cool, right?
You would expect as a newbie, to have a helpful waiter to offer tips or to explain how it works, but me and my friend were not so lucky, same for some other customers, that left their steaks at the top of the lava stone, and not cooking it now-and-then, taking it slowly, or even not overcooking them, and turning them from time to time.
I was looking forward to their chips (chunky beer fries), but they felt a bit plain, although the appearance was promising!
If you're a beers' fun, you will get plenty of options, including Belgian ones!
I'm glad I went there using a voucher and didn't pay the pricey £23 full price...

This is a great "Belgium Beer & Steak" place - which also serves gourmet mezze / tapas - with a beer twist.
My first impression is that it is a mixture between The Vintage, Hanging Bat and the Potting Shed though still carries distinctiveness and originality.
The 'Crafters Barn' has an immediate feel of comfort.
Inside and the outside area is well dressed in brown muted tones.
I was most pleased to see the big amount of Belgium beers that they carry in stock.
Obviously not the cheapest of drinks, but you need to remember that these beers are for nipping and enjoyment, not to down them and get drunk.
That said, I was a little miffed to be offered a Leffe as a pint.
- Come on!
As a good beer purveyor you should have the decency to offer 2/3 or 1/2 pints.
Another thing that irked me was the mispronunciations by the staff that caused confusion.
I was offered a 'Sherry Beer by Crick'  (so obviously I thought this is like Innis & Gunn - Sherry Cask aged beer) I was intrigues and said I'll have a pint of that.
It turned out that it was a CHERRY Beer by KRIEK - nothing wrong with that per se, however a pint of cherry flavoured lager is not the best enjoyed with steak.
Yes, those steaks!
You order, you get.
You get it FAST.
The premise here is that the steak is presented uncooked (or at least 'blue') on a hot stone.
You cook it yourself to the desired level.
This takes away the issue that the chef cooked it wrong, because if it is, you have yourself to blame.
Clever, novel and very hands on.
In addition I had peppercorn sauce and skinny fries.
The sauce as OK.
The skinny fries were not fully fried, possibly a little undercooked even.
The service is very friendly, professional and helpful.
They really look the part.

After spending the evening walking around looking for a place that wasn't full to the brim with people, we walked past the crafters barn.
We were greeted by a very warm and welcoming staff, found a table, and had a lovely meal.
The beer choice was excellent, especially if you are into Belgians, and the food was lovely.
It was bright, clean, lively, and over all very pleasant.
We left with full stomachs and feeling lucky to have stumbled upon this happy little restaurant.

