It was really good!
Fries were really good and really good quality burger.
Give this place a try (:

Clean, nice staff, but the burgers are underseasoned.
Love that they offer whole wheat buns.

Very mediocre.
Tastes like any other charbroiled fast food burger.
Onion rings are unimpressive as well.
Staff was very friendly but the food doesn't make me want to bring friends or spread the word.
There are better options within a mile of this place.

The Fries are good.
The burger taste like burger king with thousand island dressing.
It's not bad but I have had better

things were mediocre.
fries were not crisp enough.
kid at the register didn't seem to know anything,.
I asked for a recommendation and he was pretty clueless.
great location, but needs a bit of improvement

Closed during posted hours.
Will not be back.
Consistency is the key to success.
This place will be closed by August.

Decent.
The burger is plentiful and a bit above average in price, but I'm not complaining.
With a name like Burger Rush you'd expect burgers, BUT!!
It has an extensive breakfast menu, omelette, breakfast burrito, pancakes & toast, egg skillet, sandwiches, salads, and of course dessert.
Whew!!
Choices.
The staff is great and it will take some time in gaining momentum, but overall, very friendly and welcoming.

Not bad I'm hoping they will keep the hours open till 3 am we will come back

Been here twice.
1st time I had the small order of onion rings / zucchini.
Very tasty!!!
I went back on 04/11 n ordered patty melt n a large order of zucchini.
Now the patty melt was very good.
But the large zucchini was the same size as a small but for more.
Interesting?
I will question it when I return again for something else on the menu and if I pair it again with zucchini.

Stopped by this evening for the first time with the family and it was great!
Great yumny food!
Friendly and helpful staff!
Huge portions!
The shakes are thick and creamy, not runny like other fast food!
Ordered the bacon cheeseburger and it was tasty, yet juicy!
This food reminded us of a non fast food joint!
Best part was it was cheap for our family of four, we left full with plenty of left overs!
We will be back!
Thank you Cannot wait to try the breakfast!

I tried coming to Burger Rush around 1 AM a few times last week only to find they were closed each time.
The hours listed claim them to be open until 3 AM every night.
Still willing to give it a try, I went around 4:30 PM.
I ordered a patty melt and fried zucchini.
The patty melt was pretty good.
I would order it again.
The zucchini was okay.
I ordered a small, but they gave me A LOT.
Not the best I've had.
I would probably stick to fries here next time.
If you're looking for a burger, it's not a bad place.
I do think there's better burger places out there, but it's nice to be able to get patty melts and pastrami sandwiches.

A very nice burger place,great good, priced right and good portions  Staff are very friendly, I felt that definitely got my money's worth I would give them 5 stars but since it's a new place they have to strive for improvements Overall they've earned my business

This place just open and is really great!
The food came out before I had even found a table and everything inside was clean and brand new.
Staff was friendly and the food was pretty quality for the price!

Very very good!
This place will exceed your expectations.
Large menu with plenty of variety to please anyone's likings.
Portions are generous and the prices cannot be beat.

Headed out with my friend to get something good to eat but reasonably priced.
She said let's try this new place and I am happy we did!
I had a bacon cheeseburger and it was really tasty.
The bacon was nice and thick!
We loved the onion rings, zucchini and chili cheese fries!
All the portions are huge!
They have a great beverage selection and their Oreo shake was to die for!
There are so many things on the menu including some salads and sandwiches that I want to try.
They have breakfast too!
We're definitely going to try to come back during happy hour from 2 to 4 PM where you get a burger, fries and a Coke for $4.99.
I usually don't give five stars on my first visit but the price, food, atmosphere and service was great, so how could I not?
P. S. I love the little penguin!

Thought I'd try it since I pass it everyday on my way to work.
I order the cheeseburger combo and also got a small order of fried zucchini.
Awesome cheeseburger.
It was like old school style (Bob's big boy), with the thousand island dressing, the works, on a sesame bun.
The fries on the other hand were just OK.
I expected fresh old school style fries, but they were just like the regular fries at burger king.
It had that coating on it.
Eh!
The small order of zucchini was large enough to be shared by 2 or 3 people, and tasted a little on the bland side.
Great coating on it though and it could have benefited from having more than 1 tiny container of ranch to go with it.
I tried the drive-thru and that was a big mistake.
It took too long (definitely not even close to the speed of most fast food joints) and I was late getting back to work.
Try it when you have more than enough time on your hands.

WOW!!
What a treat.
I'm in town visiting family and they suggest a new burger place in town and boy do I love a burger.
This place was great.
They have amazing burgers but also a good variety of other things you don't find in a burger place like a pastrami sandwich.
I had a caramel shake to go with my chili cheese fries and burger and I was so satisfied.
I wish I had a burger rush where I lived cause I'd be there often.
It was a good place to get a great meal at a great price and the hours they are open for business is awesome.
The staff was friendly and helped me in picking my meal since I was so overwhelmed by all the great options.
The atmosphere was relaxed and inviting.
When I come back to visit I will definitely be stopping in again.
Thanks for a great experience and a fantastic meal that truly satisfied.

Pros:  Burgers are a-okay.
Charbroiled flavor, fresh toppings, and it tastes like it just came off the grill.
Options of swiss, cheddar, American, and I think I saw pepper jack cheese too.
I personally don't like the shredded lettuce on a burger cuz i think the only place that stuff should be used is on a taco.
French fries are thick with a slightly crispy exterior.
Not my favorite hamburger but a really good option -and a thousand times better than anything you could get at McDonalds.
Cons:  Drive thru person was both overly anxious to take our order but slow to get the details right.
It wasn't a complicated order -a hamburger with swiss, a double with swiss, and a double with cheddar, lettuce, tomato, mayo and an order of fries.
I'm super pleased to say although it took a little longer than expected the order did come out perfectly.

I was driving home from Tempe tonight when I saw this place so I decided to stop in and get a bite to eat.
The first thing I noticed was that the place was super clean, friendly staff, but most of all, awesome food.
I had a ribeye steak sandwich, which by the way was only 7 dollars and some change, fries, and onion rings.
I can find a good steak sandwich almost anywhere in the valley, but this one was one if the best I've had.
I was a huge fan if onion rings, but these changed my mind.
Anyway, I give these guys 4 stars, can't give 5 yet until I have a chance to try the burger.

I've seen this place any number of times, as I drive past it on my way to work but just recently had a free lunch space open to go check it out.
I wanted to get a turkey burger, but they were out so I ordered a regular burger with a side of fries.
The burger had a nice, char grilled flavor but the bun was a bit dry and somewhat crumbly (not my favorite thing), and the fries had some sort of nice spicy coating that was especially nice.
Unfortunately I'm trying to cut down on such food in my time of middle age (the whole heart attack thing is a drag right?
) but seems like a fun place with nice staff.
I probably won't go there again but if you like to eat burgers on a regular basis it might be worht checking out.

WARNING***** the chicken on the Spicy Chicken Sandwich is CHICKEN FRIED STEAK!!!!
I would give them zero stars if I could... here's why...
I walked into the establishment and went to the counter.
There was a long haired blonde lady behind the register.
I asked her what was on the veggie wrap.
She said "Honestly, I dont know.
I have never eaten that" and stared blankly back at me waiting for me to order.
I then said "Does anyone here know what is on the veggie wrap?
" She asked the cook and he replied "Veggies.
"  Well no s***.
I asked him to elaborate.
He said "Uhm, cucumber, lettuce, tomato.....oh and mushrooms!
" I decided to not get this due to the fact that no one could even describe what was on it.
I proceeded to order a Spicy Chicken Sandwich and my companion ordered a Classic Burger, fries and a drink.
We handed the lady 20.00 and she gave me back 3.00 in quarters, stating that she no longer had ones.
We waited 12 minutes for our food even though we were the only ones waiting for food in the establishment.
Upon receiving my Spicy Chicken Sandwich, I took a bite (luckily small) and noticed the meat was a dark shade of gray and had the consistency of a rubber tire.
Upon asking for a refund, the cook stated that its a "Chicken-steak mixture, kind of like a chicken fried steak.
"  He then proceeded to offer a chicken nugget consistency type chicken sandwich.
It was 6.25 for the sandwich only.
I would expect a delicious, juicy, tender piece of chicken, not a mixture of steak and chicken.
There was no apology for the disgusting piece of meat I received.
Also, the burger my companion received was a meat patty of approximately 2cm in height.
The fixings were the cheapest shredded ice-burg lettuce, a thinly sliced tomato, and enough thousand island to kill a horse.
The fries were salty and soggy, if thats your fancy, get the fries only.

Had the bacon cheeseburger !
If you like the chargrilled taste like myself then you will love their burgers .
Everything was fresh and the burger was filling .
The fries reminded me of what corleons has but they have a hint of spicy.
Regardless this place is great.
4 stars dues to the price...

I'm no food critic, but I do know a good burger when I taste one.
About a week or so I stopped in here and I wrote about the steak sandwich, this evening I decided to stop again but this time I had a burger and fries.
The burger was awesome.
I don't like to give five stars, but I gave four for the steak sandwich, so I think they deserve five.
The people are friendly, they came over to my table for friendly banter, and to see if I liked the burger.
Even though I was in a hurry, just wanted to eat and leave, it was a welcomed change from the norm.

My favorite fast food place in the area.
They have delicious fries and onion rings and great customer service.
Even the salad is good!
After getting home and realizing they had forgotten to put my order of fries in the bag during my last visit, we went back.
When we went in, the manager not only gave us one order of fries, but two or three.
He also refilled our order of onion rings and offered us free drinks!
It's high quality fast food, and this kind of customer service is what will keep us coming back for a long time.
Thank you, Burger Rush!

The burgers are good just don't FORGET to add cheese if you like cheese since the burgers do not come with it.
I recommend the cowboy burger!
Super yummy!!!
I would AVOID going during lunch hours, the  word RUSH goes out of the window at lunch time & SLOW replace it.
Took 15mins just for an order of zucchini.
They also NO LONGER carry sweet potato tater tots :-(   Overall waaaaayyyy better than your typical McDonald's burger at a good price!

I'll start with a compliment.
The fries are fantastic.
But, the burger was completely underwhelming.
I'm seeing some positive reviews about the burger so I wonder if they have changed anything since I went in a month ago or so.
My burger was an obviously pre-frozen patty that was cooked to well-done destruction.
Bun and toppings were Meh.
It's a burger so they didn't screw anything up to the point of being unedible.
So if you want Meh go for it.
The place is a shade above your Burger King or McDonald's but for the price, or if you want a GOOD burger, there's no reason not to go to In-N-Out.

Pulled in thinking I was going to Wendy's but this place had bought the location and was fairly busy so I thought I would give them a try.
Asked for a double cheeseburger combo and paid $7 Wait was fairly long and when my order showed up at the table it was just a cheeseburger not a double.
Looked at the receipt and that's what I was charged for so I took it.
Big bun lots of veggies but idk how they get the patty so thin.
Could barely taste any meat and it was pink!
Couldn't tell if the burger was cold inside our not with all the cold lettuce and tomato.
Could've had any number of other burgers for the $ and they would have all been better.
Also they have the soda fountain with "100 choices" but there was more choices sold out than there were avail

Cons: couldn't find anything to complain about  Pros: the cheeseburger was great!
Nice flavor, great combination of toppings, (lettuce, cheese, onions, tomatoes, thousand island, and pickles) I love how they give out yellow peppers and jalapeños, the fries were great as well.
The girl working behind the counter was very nice and helpful.
I explained to her that it was my first time being in Burger Rush and she gave me the run down on the menu.
I will be back to try to chili dogs...
I also like how they have the Coca Cola freestyle machines... Great choice of beverages...
I like this place and will be back...
I see that they have a great "happy hour" with lower priced food options... A steal if you ask me...

I have been there 12 times and The food is actually ok for fast food but it is very inconsistent and the service is terrible.
My order has been wrong at least 5 times and when I complained to the owner/manager JR he blamed it on his "lazy and incompetent employees.
" He yells at his employees in front of customers, expects perfection for minimum wage and actually yelled at 2 of my coworkers for not ordering fast enough for him.
He is going to be sorry soon enough because my office of 160 people is right up the street and due to the inconsistency in good food, the horrible service and JR'S shitty attitude, nobody wants to go back there.
For what they charge for food the experience should be a lot better.

The service was great, the burger's were yummy and the fries were better than I've had in a long time.
Very clean place.
Their food was very fresh, So why eat at McDonald's.
Try their ghost pepper burger, but get the sauce on the side if your into spicy food, otherwise it might sneak up on you.
Fed two adults for under $12.

Tried Burger Rush out for the first time I have been hearing about this place from all my friends so I figured I would go and try it out and I am so happy I did because the service and the atmosphere is just so great as well as the food I had the cowboy burger and a Oreo milkshake they were so amazing and so tasty!!!
I notice they have a burger for 49 cents I will be back to check that out.
The price of the food is so cheap I love it amazing food and prices what more could you ask for!!!
I will for sure be back!!

Just got breakfast here and it was really delicious!
Ive always passed by this place and finally decided to stop by.
I got the breakfast special, which is toast, 2 eggs, hash browns, and bacon for just over $4.
Great deal, great food, and say service.
I will be back for breakfast and to try their lunch items.

Had a colossal Burger which i couldn't even finish..
AWESOME!
Then I had an order of zucchini to share with my friends...
AWESOME!
Then to finish it off , I had the best ressies milk shake!
I will be coming back!
(: AWESOME!

My friends and I found this place at 11:30pm on a Sunday night while roaming the streets and decided to give it a try in hopes maybe we'd found an awesome new late night spot.
Burger Rush is all around a great experience from the moment you step in.
The cashier Oliver was extremely helpful with suggestions, and pointed out that you can get a classic burger for 49¢ with purchase of any other burger.
I ordered a strawberry shake and classic burger.
Management hooked up free fries for us as it was near closing time, what a perk!
The food was really good and made with quality ingredients.
The shakes are honestly the best I've ever had from a fast food place (and I've tried them all).
They also have the amazing Coke Freestyle machine where there are hundreds of flavor combinations.. Cherry vanilla rootbeer, or cherry lime coke?
No problem.
Definitely well priced with top notch customer service and clean spacious dining room.. Plus they have a rad penguin mascot on everything (we still wonder if the burgers are secretly made of penguin meat... probably not).
They open early, close late and offer way more than typical fast food places.
They also seem more liberal and diverse, they don't make their employees take out piercings or care about tattoos.
I could see this place appealing to an alternative crowd just as much as the ASU crowd.
Burger Rush is definitely a new go-to late night spot for all of us!
PS- We weren't even stoned and it's getting 5-stars, that should say something ;)

