DB's Sports Grill is under new management and I think you will love the new atmosphere with great food and cold drinks.
We also have the PAC 12 network for those that want to watch PAC 12 action!
Come check us out!

I have been here a few times and still not impressed.
Last night was my breaking point.
I ordered a hamburger medium rare and it came out well.
I sent it back and the second burger came out even more done...almost on the crispy side.
I think the cook took offense that I sent it back.
No manager or owner at the restaurant?
Nothing was said or done to make it right.
There doesn't seem to be anyone in charge of the place.
Is there an owner?
do they care how their place is run?
I like the location and the servers seem friendly.
I like that there a lot of TVs to watch a game

I have yet to get a bad meal, or a messed up order from this place.
Great food and staff, and yes Friday nights are PACKED, but with good reason...
I mean, you don't get packed, or have return patrons time and time again if service and food is subpar.
Since under new management from the old "Desert Babes" last year, the owner has whipped this place into shape.

This place has done a complete 180!
Bubba is doing a great job of making the customers feel important and trying hard to get more people in the door.
The specials are great and I look forward to any other changes management has in place.
I've heard talks of shuffleboard :)

Found this place accidentally.
I was out looking for a good bar when I happened to see the sign off of Higley and the 60.
There were a few guys outside on the patio, and several people inside.
This is a sports bar, so there are TVs everywhere and a pool table.
I went to the bar and ordered a Rum and Coke and a plate of sliders.
Both were awesome and since it was Happy Hour the prices were even better.
I met the owner, Bubba and we talked for a while.
He is a very nice, endearing guy.
He wants his customers to let him know what can be improved or what you like about the place.
He's owned it now for about 4 months.
I'm going back for sure.

Found this place on yelp trying to find decent late night dinner.
Called first and woman on the phone was very friendly!
Stopped in @10:30pm on a Tuesday and received great service, great food and an awesome crown and seven!
It was my first time and CiCi the bartender recommended the burger and she was spot on.
1/2 lb.
burger cooked to your liking.
It was juicy, well cooked and flavorful.
The owner, Bubba was very amiable.
I will be back.
Oh did I mention that my perfectly cooked juicy 1/2 lb burger was only $5.00 during happy hour at 10:30pm.
Yes!

Hubby and I were looking online for a sports bar we hadn't been to before and that was close to home.
We are so glad we found DB's!
A lot of tv's, as well as pool tables and poker tables.
Both service and food were awesome!
We will be back soon!

