It was a pleasant surprise.
My husband and I wanted to have a quick and delicious lunch.
This place is close to our house so we decided to try it.
The food was fresh and perfectly seasoned and the service was friendly and fast.
We will definitely return!

The service was great.
New to the neighborhood.
Clean, nice decor.
The food was ok but not interesting.
The salmon was pretty good but needed more flavor.
The veggies consisted of carrots and spinach lightly sautéed.
They were the best part of the dish.
The grilled potatoes were bland.
We also tried the chicken parmegana and found it boring.
The sauce was ordinary.
The portion size was quite large.
The have live music on Friday and Saturday evenings.

I have driven past this place so many times and never even thought about stopping.
From the street (cross streets are Pecos & Russell) it doesn't look like much.
This place is definitely what you would call a "hidden gem".
The dining area is aesthetically appealing with an Italian vibe.
There's a full bar, but the restaurant is family friendly.
Our waitress was very nice and seemed to enjoy her job.
She was also very helpful in speaking with the chef about my food allergies.
Note: There's no sugar in their sauce.
Yay!
I had the chicken parmigiana and it was Amazing!
It was as good as Tivoli on Melrose Ave, and that's saying a lot.

Very good chicken parm and extremely good red sauce.
We were driving around wit my parents who live here as they were inviting us for Italian in the neighborhood.
They tried to take us to carrabas.
Being from New York that was not acceptable so I looked on yelp and found this place.
A surprising gem

Chimichurri is SO GOOD.
Friendly place and good food.
Good with kids.

This was my second time in the last few months meeting a friend for lunch at Luciano Garden Restaurant.
It is not far from my home.
The restaurant was perfect for conversation, and very comfortable.
The pizza is the best pizza I have had in a long time in the Las Vegas area.
The chopped salad was a generous portion with a lovely light dressing.
I plan to have dinner with my husband in the near future and am looking forward to trying some of their seafood, pasta dishes.

Chef and owner Dante and his wife are wonderful!
Their food is delicious and their prices are very fair!!
Their Chicken Milanesa sandwich is to die for!

