Jacqie provides one of the cleanest houses I've ever had.
I've used a few services in town but she is faster, more thorough and more friendly than anyone else.
The house is always spotless.
We have two cats, one large dog, and one messy toddler and the house looks brand new when we get home.
Jacqie is always prompt and ready to roll when she arrives.
I would 100% recommend For The Love of Clean to anyone and everyone.
Oh and the price is right too!

I had heard about For The Love Of Clean from a co-worker of mine.
My husband and I were in need of a deep house cleaning.
I had been sick for close to a month and the dust bunnies were piling up!!!
I really wanted someone that I could communicate with and that I could trust in my home.
I had heard nothing but great things about Jacqie and the work that she does.
I got a hold of her through facebook and we set up a time to meet.
She was on time and super sweet when we went through the house.
She was kind and loving and careful of my very vocal cat.
She did such an amazing job on our home.
My husband and I had been doing it ourselves for a year and we really needed the help.
It's a week later and our house still smells and looks fresh and amazing!!!
She's coming back next month and I will continue to use this wonderful service for all of our future needs.
If you're looking for any type of housekeeping, catering, etc... Get a hold of this woman!!

If you're thinking about who might be helpful to organize, wanted to share my text to Jacqie after arriving home: --------------- Just got home & had to tell you again how you WOW'd me!
Really appreciate all your work to make this space feel like a home.
So appreciated, Jacqie.
Thank you :) ---------------- She's amazing.
Had been trying to figure out my space for a while & after having a quick chat with her, she made it happen.
Just call!

Jacqie was so thorough and so fast!
I was embarrassed that I had let my house get as dirty as it was and knew I needed some help so I wouldn't spend my entire weekend scrubbing.
Jacqie reassured me it wasn't as bad as I thought it was (it was) and she had it ten times cleaner than I could ever do.
I will definitely use her again.

