Delicious sandwiches, soups, and cookies!
My favorite sandwich is the Vermonter.
This is there second restaurant, which has a bit more room than the first location.
I don't eat seafood, but I'm told the lobster bisque and Maine cheddar biscuit are crazy good!
I will definitely be back for more!

Have been to the other location a few times and loved it so we tried the new location.
I had lobster bisque and a new roast beef sandwich.
They were great, the bisque was much more than just bisque with lobstr and veggies.
Great food and very friendly.
Before people find it its great and not busy weekends, unlike the othr location.
You wont be dissapointed.

Great sandwiches at a great price... Had the French Dip, very good, Jus was nice too.
My wife loved her turkey sandwich, not sure which one she had but the ingredients here are top notch so you can't go wrong no matter what you order!
They deliver too, probably take advantage next time

I can't tell you how excited I was when I saw this place was open.
The original location was near my old office and went there all the time.
Then sadly my office moved north and for the past couple years I have been forced to settle for just an occasional visit.
But now they have opened a new place very close to my new office.!
Same great quality real food same very friendly people working there But there is one thing that is different the parking is so much better

Same great sandwiches as their original location.
Not as crowded and plenty of tables to sit and enjoy lunch.

I went there this morning and was looking for a quick breakfast sandwich.
They are supposed to be open at 6:30AM and I walked in around 7:15AM and no coffee brewed and I had to search to find a breakfast menu.
Sandwich was okay but it took about 20 minutes to get a sandwich.
I hope they get their act together or they arent going to make it very long.

I am not sure I understand the concept of New England style lunches...but the sandwiches are good.
I like the fact that you can order a half or a full sandwich.
They have paninis too...The menu is varied and  havecome  to like the chicken coop sandwich which is chicken salad on multi grain bread.
The only thing I don't care for at Vermont Sandwich Co are their sides.
On two separate occasions, I've had the potato salad and the cole slaw - and there was nothing to rave about either of them...so skip the sides and get chips or a cookie instead.
Enjoy!

Mediocre sandwich place for sure.
Place is clean and employees are friendly but food is mediocre.
Went in for lunch with two coworkers and it took 15 mins to make 3 sandwiches.
Defiantly left disappointed!

