My daughter LOVES this place!
They have a photo studio, party room, and several different play activities.
Ball Pit, jungle gym, dress up, stage, roller coasters, ride ons, kitchen/grocery area,  We played there for hours because there were different activities to keep her interested.
My 5 year old son liked it as well.
Excited for the Mothers Day photo shoot I scheduled after seeing some of her work.
Family run, and the owners interact and play with the kids.
There are snacks, coffee, and drinks.
A large area for the adults to sit, and comfy couches lining the play area.
A great and much needed addition to this area of town!

I have found the BEST place in LV to take your child, if you want to stay out the heat and have a fun and safe play place for your child Fidgets is the one and only place to be.
Fun safe and friendly environment for the whole family.
There's also a place to feed your children, u could do any anything and everything for kids here.
Plus it is very CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN!!!

Monthly membership is slightly higher vs child's play but fidgets is better suited for the younger (1-3) children.
Also they allow drop in visits for non members ($10 per day or $5 for pre walkers) my son is loving the kindermuzik classes (additional fee) we come twice a week for class & stay to play after

Best indoor playground in Las Vegas!
My daughter goes here weekly.
It's extremely clean, there's a snack area with healthy, organic snack options.
The best part is there is way more variety here for toys than most indoor playgrounds.
Much more creative play toys!
A supermarket, a dress-up area with a stage, a pirate ship, ball pit, very impressive slide and play structure, train table, multiple cars to drive, and multiple houses and make-belief play toys.
Very impressive!
Love the multiple couches for parents to sit and the open space to never take an eye off kiddos.
Ownership is wonderful and super responsive.

The cleanest and very well organized indoor play center!
Pricing is very reasonable.
You can buy a membership per month, year or simply just walk in and pay for a day pass.
You can also leave and come back within that day of buying the day pass.

This place is right by my house.
Its nice to have a place in the SW. Its super clean, lots of different toys and a little seating area along with couches.
The owner and staff is very nice.
We have gone 2 times now and I found out about it last week.

Pretty nice!
My 17 months year old son loved it, and I feel that this place fits his age group perfectly.
Not sure about older toddlers though, it felt to me like you can pretty much enjoy this place if you're 2.5 tops.
Other than than they have train tables, a cool climbing and slides area and other cool kids activities.
Liked it, overall!

My favorite indoor playground in Vegas.
Very clean, great atmosphere, and the owners and staff are friendly and attentive.
The best thing about Fidgets is that it's specifically for children ages 1 to 6, which means toddlers can play with toddlers, and there are no situations where the older kids end up bullying and dominating the play areas (which occasionally happens at open-age playgrounds like Child's Play).
Playground areas include a multi-level enclosed jungle gym with tunnels and slide, a large central ball pit, a mini dual coaster track, an infants play area with soft play shapes, a lego table, a train table, and much more.
In the corner is a small stage for special instructors or events, and at the back of the place is a party room for classes, events, food, and parties.
At the side is dining area where you can purchase snacks, drinks, and coffee, and spaced around the play area are several comfortable couches for parents.
Furthermore, the owners regularly change up the play areas by rearranging set pieces or adding more toys and playsets.
Speaking of the owners, Michael and Johanna are incredibly warm and friendly, and really go out of their way to make sure you and your children feel welcome.
And because Fidgets caters to younger children, the other parents there are also generally friendly and attentive, and my wife and I have had fun sharing parenting stories (and sometimes commiserating) with other parents of toddlers.
Very highly recommended if you have young children.
Older children may prefer playgrounds with more challenging playsets and obstacles, though.

Finally!
An indoor playground that caters to the LITTLE little kiddos.
First time here today and we loved it.
Definitely for the 1-3 or 4 year olds.
Was very clean and we met the owner who was beyond friendly.
I even saw here constantly straightening up and interacting with some of the kid.
$10 for a day pass for unlimited play.
Best play place in the Southwest.
Had seating all over not just in one area so you can see your child from just about anywhere.
Lots of little kid play equipment, ball pit and creative play like dress up, tool set and kitchen.
There's also a party room if you want to do an event there.
Highly recommend.

