Short Stack Eats epitomizes the Madison breakfast scene.
Atmosphere is comfortable and the location is prime.
Food left nothing to be desired and will definitely bring people back again and again.
Short Stack Eats fills a unique niche that has something to offer for anyone who dines with them!

We went for breakfast during the second "soft opening" weekend.
The atmosphere  is casual and cheerful though the noise level is high.
One places her order and pays the bill; a server delivers some drinks and the food.
The customer gets her own water, condiments and coffee.
The pulled pork over cheesy grits ($12:99) was served in a tin bowl with a teaspoon.
The white grits, with the consistency of cream of wheat, were not flavorful even with the cheese.
A scoop of ho-hum pulled pork was ladled over the grits, with several pickled jalapeño slices scattered on top.
The dish lacked in both presentation and taste and I would not order it again.
The fresh-squeezed orange juice, however, was delicious.
My husband had blueberry pancakes.
They were served with the blueberries scattered around the pancakes rather than incorporated into them.
Served with a pat of butter and maple syrup, they were tasty.
A dinner fork would be better than the salad fork provided.
What is it with these small utensils?
Service was good and everyone was friendly and upbeat.
Overall, it was average as a breakfast experience.

Pretty underwhelmed by the food.
Had the eggs benedict, lack of flavor and pretty "meh".
My friend had the trio,the eggs and potatoes were comparable to something you could make yourself at home.
Really enjoyed the atmosphere and decorations.
Laid back with great cinnamon coffee.
Maybe come back for the milkshakes I saw others drinking.
Will not be coming back for the breakfast food unfortunately.

There have been a few failing restaurants in this location before Short Stack, but I think this one will be a keeper.
I went here for the first time a few nights ago and was very impressed.
Walked into friendly and smiling employees, great aromas, and overall a great vibe.
Ordered my food at the front, received a signature license plate, and grabbed a booth.
Food came out in no time smelling and tasting terrific.
I ordered and recommend the sweet potato pancakes, blueberry pancakes, and cajun biscuits.
Overall a great experience.
I'll see ya soon!
RATINGS (A+  --  F) Service: (Host/Food Runner: A) **No servers Food: A+ Drinks: N/A **Water Price $: A Atmosphere: A Overall Experience: A

Was here for lunch on a Friday and had an excellent meal.
Very friendly service and the Cajun biscuits & gravy was great.
The order was huge so heal fonder would be fine for most.
My friend ordered the blueberry pancakes and said they were some of the best.
Excellent quality and value.

Their "25 ingredient Bloody Mary" tasted like dill, pickle juice, and sugar.
That's it.
The pancakes came out doughy and undercooked, not unlike chewing on butter-flavored taffy.
Have you had the new breakfast menu from Taco Bell?
No?
Then come to Short Stack Eatery and try the breakfast burrito.
Cheap flower tortilla, over salted, mushy ingredients.
They claim that the burrito contains chorizo, cheese, and potatoes but it may as well be Fancy Feast with hot sauce.
If you're looking for a breakfast place at 3 AM after a long night boozing on State (we came here at 5 pm on a Sunday) and don't have a car that can get you to Denny's or Perkins then come here as a last resort only.
If you're drunk enough not to remember the food then count yourself lucky.
I won't be back any time soon.

I was honestly expecting so much more out of this place, I left quite disappointed.
Which makes me :(  When you arrive, you order your food at the counter and then receive a license plate with a number on it that you take to your table.
I came with three other girls for brunch at around 2 PM on a Sunday.
We ordered our food and sat down to wait.
The table was very wobbly and when I sat down I ended up spilling coffee everywhere because it was so unstable.
Not ideal to enjoy brunch with hot coffee on your lap.
I ordered a coffee (obviously), which is self serve.
It was okay, but definitely tasted like it had been sitting for a while.
They have self serve water too, and offer one with lemons in it.
That was out though and was never refilled the entire time we were there which was a bummer.
While we were waiting a server came to our table with a short stack of blueberry pancakes....which nobody had ordered.
We told her they weren't ours and she rather rudely scoffed and walked away.
Then, most of our food came.
They ended up making the wrong thing for one of my girlfriends and she had to wait a good 10 minutes for her plate of oatmeal sweet potato pancakes.
So, 2 service blunders, a rather unpleasant waitress, and some spilled coffee is the main driver for the 3 stars.
I ordered the trio with gluten-free chocolate chip pancakes, breakfast potatoes and bacon.
The pancakes were yummy, and I hadn't been able to have pancakes very often so I was excited they offered them!
The bacon was also crispy and good.
But the breakfast potatoes, they are heaven!
Make sure to order them with cheese and onions.
You will not be disappointed.
I could live off of these things.
Others at my table enjoyed their food as well.
Only complaint I heard was that the french toast was soggy.
It was also fairly expensive.
Portions were as small as you get at a diner and cost you twice as much.
So, 4 stars for the food.
2 stars for the service/table mishap.
I will definitely give them another try, but don't think they'll become my go-to brunch stop.

Great new breakfast place!
Had the breakfast sandwich and cheesy potatoes, which were excellent.
Love the Bloody Mary bar and the overall feel of the place, casual and friendly.
Can't believe nobody thought of opening a cool restaurant like this serving late night breakfast close to campus when I went to school here.

Short Stack Eats is absolutely amazing!
I was in town visiting family in Madison, and we loved this place so much that we ate there twice in one day!!
On our first visit, I tried the Cajun Biscuits and Gravy and a Bloody Mary - Oh my gosh!
It was so fantastic!
The bloody mary was so incredibly flavorful - I've never had one quite like it!
The cajun biscuits and gravy was also a very unique treat!
I'll eat almost anything that says "cajun" because it is almost always amazing, and this dish is no exception!
It had just the right amount of spice to it, a generous helping of meat cooked into the gravy, and the house-made biscuits were out of this world.
On my second trip, I got the Trio with eggs, ham, and breakfast potatoes and a side short stack of blueberry pancakes.
On both meals, the eggs were cooked PERFECTLY, which seems to be a challenge at other restaurants.
I should also mention that, normally, I do not care for pancakes; I am more of a French Toast guy.
But one of my cousins told me that I HAD to try the pancakes here, and they were SOOOO right!
I have no idea how they cook their pancakes, but they were kind of crispy on the outside, and soft and fluffy inside, made with super fresh blueberries and they were quite literally the BEST pancakes I've ever eaten in my life!
The ham was delicious, and the breakfast potatoes with cheese and onions were outstanding!!!
We also had some more drinks this time as well.
I'm told that the name of the drink we all hasd was "Immensely Ian," but we all just kept calling it "The Cherry Thing" and they knew exactly what we meant.
I have no clue what was in them besides champagne, but they were amazing as well and the perfect summer time drink.
One of my group also had a mimosa that I tasted and it was very good.
All of the servers that helped us were sooo friendly and sweet.
One of my cousins was celebrating her birthday, which we did not tell her, I think she just overheard us talking about it.
So, she brought over a short stack of silver dollar pancakes with a candle in it and sang happy birthday to her!
SO SWEET!!!
The restaurant was very cute, and I was told that they are not even done decorating yet.
I can't wait to come back and see it when everything is finished.
But, so far, there are lots of little touches everywhere that make this a very pleasant, and unique dining experience!
I highly recommend this place to anyone who, like me, is a fan of breakfast!!

Incredibly delicious!!
I was visiting Madison over the weekend and HAD to check out the newest breakfast hotspot.
I ended up coming for an after bar late night meal, AND breakfast the next day!!
At night i ordered the breakfast burrito.
Because i do not eat meat, i was able to substitute the chorizo with any veggies of my choice for no extra charge!!
I ordered mine with broccoli and mushrooms and it was amazing.
I got it with a side of mixed greens that had such a delicious sweet vinaigrette on them.
So good!
The next morning we came back and i had the baked french toast.
O. M. G. holy cow.
This is not your average french toast.
It looked to be ciabatta bread, or something similar, sliced into long thick strips, with a lot of crunchy crust and a super soft center.
It was topped with walnuts and served with fresh strawberrys and a really tasty whipped cream.
i did not even have to add syrup.
SO.
GOOD.
i can't wait to go back and taste everything else on the menu!!
In addition to the food being outstanding, the atmosphere and restaurant itself is perfection.
Such a great location.
The staff was very helpful and friendly.
There were fresh flowers on every table.
Cute breakfast quotes on the chalkboards (fans of It's Always Sunny will appreciate this!
Be sure to pay attention!).
The tables had old postcards and letters mounted under the glass.
Every detail of this place was the perfect mix of charming and modern without trying too hard.
Short Stack Eatery is by far my new favorite breakfast joint.
And late night joint.
I mean, who doesn't love breakfast all day!

The sweet potato oatmeal pancakes with cinnamon mascarpone were probably the best pancakes I've ever had, and I have had breakfast and brunch at just about every Madison restaurant that offers it.
They were so light and soft and flavorful!
No syrup needed.
A little mascarpone on my fork, a fresh strawberry slice and a fluffy pillow of pancake bite was just heavenly!
My husband really enjoyed the Cajun biscuits and gravy.
The gravy was not the typical cream gravy but rich and meaty and plentiful!
Not many places serve a properly done egg when ordered "over medium" but these were perfect.
The Bloody Mary  is complex, spicy and has tasty house pickled veggies including an awesome radish as garnish.
My son had the chocolate chip pancakes  which he liked, and my daughter and her fiancé loved the breakfast burrito.
We had plenty of leftovers, and I can't wait to finish my sweet potato pancakes tomorrow morning.
Service was prompt even though all the tables were occupied.
Next time, mimosas!

This place is not only adorable, but delicious.
You order at the counter and grab a table.
They have a sweet and a savory breakfast menu, with a number of unique and fun drink options, including a 25 ingredient Bloody Mary.
I loved the sweet potato pancakes with mascarpone and fresh strawberries.
The cheesy BBQ pulled pork grits were also amazing!
They also have traditional eggs, bacon, potatoes and sourdough toast, which are good portions.
The restaurant is open for brunch and late night, for breakfast anytime.
Definitely coming back!

Cute breakfast place, very busy and noisy but fresh and delicious food!
I love the decorations.
a chandelier made of whips, plants in tea cups, green walls, old envelopes and letters under the glass covered table.
Very adorable place!
I was lucky to get a seat right away when I came by at 10am on a saturday, however I was warned that food will only arrive in 35 minutes after ordering.
I waited 15 minutes for my friend to arrive and then we ordered after a hard time deciding our pick for the morning.
The volume in the place got louder and louder as the hour passed and we started to have to shout to be heard.
Not the best place for heartfelt conversations, perhaps great for after drinks hungry hour.
I ordered the cajun biscuits and gravy!
i am so grateful they have small orders for petite eaters like me.
One gigantic biscuit, covered in amazing gravy and a sunny side up egg.
mm mmm...
SO GOOD.
love how the egg goes with the spicy peppery gravy.
very nice crust on the biscuit, great layers, held up very well with the gravy.
and there was just the right amount of gravy to finish the huge biscuit!
love it!
My friend had the trio, with eggs, potatoes and bacon.
she said the potatoes were really good and bacon was thicker than store bought bacon.
she loved it!
I would definitely be back, BUT, i would get some pastries or get something to eat before coming back for brunch...

The eponymous short stacks of pancakes are delicious, but I also recommend the Cajun biscuits and gravy, eggs Benedict, and for sure the Bloody Mary.
The "blind special" is a fun idea (pay half price if you let it stay a mystery until it is in front of you) & between two tries so far I have not been disappointed!

As eager visitors from Los Angeles,  we happened upon Short Stack while walking downtown.
The food was really tasty and gluten free pancakes were awesome.
The place is really nicely decorated with a nostalgic feel -- but no smiles from the wait staff.
As mentioned in other reviews,  you order at the counter and then grab a number (cutely placed on a retired license plate) which sits on your table until your order is ready for delivery.
The bummer may have been the position of the table at which we sat, but every person who passed by us or who brought over drinks seemed stressed,  overextended (3pm in afternoon with no crowd there) and just generally so unenthusiastic that our excitement at being there was substantially diminished.
Also, staff seemed loathe to help when I was trying to find sweetener for my iced tea which wasn't offered upon delivery, and the direction to find it neither.
As I wandered to the other side of the restaurant in search of it, nobody at the counter paid any attention as I struggled to make sense of what eventually presented itself in the form of a poorly marked baker's rack stocked with various condiments as well as sweeteners.
In addition,  while really tasty, the quantity of food on the plate seemed way too small  given the cost.
My iced tea, organic,  but glass filled with lots of ice,  took 3 long sips to imbibe,  and no refills are given.
Overall,  disappointed because we wanted to LOVE this place,  and thought we would've -- but we didn't leave thinking we'd go back.
Bummer

Awesome blueberry pancakes!
Just the right amount of berries to make the meal tasty and portion size was very filling.
No syrupy berry sauce either....fresh blueberries on the side to top off a superb breakfast staple meal!
I can't wait to order this again :)

Food is incredible.
They offer half orders of most things which allowed me to get a half order of biscuits and a short stack of buttermilk pancakes.
DELICIOUS midnight meal.
4 stars for the hearty gravy and warm maple syrup with the pancakes.
The 5th star is for the little details that SSE nails--a water station (for humans and fordogs), the brilliant "blind special," and a music selection that covers 90s throwbacks and indie pop hits.
I've been twice in the last week and I just want to go back.

Great, cute place with something for everyone at all hours!
Our group included carnivores, a vegetarian, and a gluten-free-er, and everyone was pleased with the menu.
With bread from Stella's, the breakfast sandwiches were the biggest crowd pleaser!

Stopped in on a Saturday and had a great bloody mary and cheesy grits with BBQ pork.
The atmosphere is very cool with a ton of personal touches.
Highly recommend this spot at any time of day.
(they're open 24 hours all weekend!

Everything we've tried has been amazing, including the Blind Special.
Friendly staff; great decor; one of our favorite places to brunch.

There are no lack of places to eat in downtown Madison.
Given all the great restaurants in our city, you'd think someone besides Original Pancake House could figure out how to make a great breakfast with fresh ingredients.
Short Stack Eatery was even better than the word of mouth led me to believe.
Best pancakes off my life, relaxed atmosphere....only complaint is that they aren't open 24 hours.

My food was really good.
I ordered the sweet potato pancakes and they did not disappoint.
Service was quick and pleasant.
My only complaint is that the restaurant itself is really warm inside.
I was sweating at the end of being there for breakfast.

Breakfast itself was really great.
I ordered grits and pulled pork and it held up to my southern expectations.
However, the organization and management of the restaurant could use some help.
There seemed to be a mix seating arrangement where some people were seated by the hostess and others just grabbed a table for themselves.
The hostess seemed overwhelmed and had trouble coordinating table arrangements- moving couples from table to table multiple times.
In addition, all the staff didn't seem to be on the same page and the food took over 45 minutes to get to the table.
Since its a new restaurant, I am sure the communication and organization kinks will be worked out soon and the good food will become center stage.

I've been twice and love it!
The first time I came on a weekday morning with a friend.
We shared a breakfast sandwich on a pretzel roll and some blueberry pancakes.
The pancakes were light and fluffy and delicious.
The sandwich was an amazing mix of flavors--love the caramelized onions.
I especially liked the potatoes that came on the side--creamy, crispy and cheesy--comfort food at it's best.
The second time I came in the evening with my husband and we shared the breakfast sandwich (which we both loved) and the french toast.
The french toast is now by far my favorite and the memory of it makes my mouth water.
It was made with crusty french bread with just the right amount of sweetness and both chewy caramely and a bit crisp-- not one bit soggy.
So amazing!
Both times the service was fine--you order at the counter and get your own coffee/water so not much to mess up there.
The second time was in the evening and they made fresh decaf for me.
Both times there were several other occupied tables, but not crowded.
Our food came fairly quickly.
I definitely recommend this place.
I'd be eating here all the time if I went downtown more often.

Love this place!
Everything is made from scratch- the ingredients are top notch (and locally sourced) and you can taste it.
The menu has a good balance of traditional breakfast foods for the Breakfast Purists out there, but also some funkier items like the Sweet Potato Oatmeal pancakes or the breakfast sandwich on a Stella's hot spicy cheesy roll served with rhubarb jam (the perfect sweet/savory combo).
The Blind Special is also so fun, and has yet to disappoint.
Highly recommend this place for breakfast, brunch, late night, or anything in between (they're open 24 HOURS Thurs-Sun people!

Everything me and my wife have had here has been outstanding.
Biscuits and gravy, good.
Breakfast burrito, good.
Pancakes, good.
Bloody Mary's, goood.
Did I mention they have a make your own Bloody Mary Bar?
Really good!

I've been here twice, once in the morning and once late at night.
PROS:  -food is AMAZING.
I tried a bit of everyone at my table's dishes, everything from mac n cheese to pancakes to eggs benedict, and loved it all.
-side of greens instead of your regular soggy fruit or salty potatoes is FABULOUS!
-get the blind special...you won't regret it  -the decor is cute--I love the postcards under the glass on the tables, fun to read as you wait for your food  CONS:  -Service is a little spotty and slow, but it's a new business, so I understand it can take a bit for those things to get streamlined  -the cocktails are really complicated (I realise this sounds like a stupid complaint but I don't want to have to read a drink description six times to decide if I'll like it) and overpriced for Madison; also quite weak, I couldn't taste the liquor in my drink at all  -and the real kicker...the place is not air conditioned, and it's usually hot as hell inside.
It was okay when I went at night and the place was empty, but when I came back during packed brunch hour, it was a nightmare--at least 85 degrees inside.
Such a bummer!
Hope they install AC or at least some fans asap.
But they're a new business, so 4 stars for them!
I'm sure they'll work out the kinks soon.
I will definitely be back often.

This was fun!
They do breakfast items all day.
You order at the counter and then they bring the food to your table.
Really cute interior with a variety of kitchen sets.
Another fun thing is the "blind special".
There was a sign saying to ask about it, so I did.
There is a new one everyday and if you don't ask what it is, it is $6.50, if you do have them tell you what it is it is $9 or $10, can't remember exactly.
They will tell you if it is sweet or savory and vegetarian or not.
I did it...that day it was pulled pork on a pretzel bun with caramelized onions and a perfectly fried egg on top.
It was served with a side of spring mix lightly dressed.
My dining companion had blueberry pancakes and she said they were good.
They also ha d a Bloody Mary bar.
They bring you a Mason jar filled with ice and then you mix up your Bloody Mary with a variety of toppings.
We are for sure doing that next time!
The people that waited on us were friendly and efficient, no complaints there.
Will definitely go back to try something else.

We stopped in for a late breakfast and it was great.
The menu includes breakfast staples that are executed very well and with a neat twist.
Plus, they give you the option to order half portions!
The air conditioning was broken and it was a bit warm inside, so to make up for it, they were giving 1$ off each cold drink.
Overall, it's a great addition to the Madison breakfast scene and we will be back!

I'm so glad that SSE has found a home in a space that has seen so many turnovers over the past few years.
I really love what they've done to the place!
It is bright, vibrant and so wonderfully decorated.
I hope that SSE is here to stay!
:)   My only concern: ventilation seems to be a problem in the restaurant.
It was wayyyyy tooooo hot (even with multiple fans going at full speed) and I left the restaurant smelling very, very greasy.
If it is a nice day and there are seats outside, I would definitely recommend snagging them!
It is nice of them to offer $1 off of all iced drinks for the heat, but I think the long term solution would be to fix the ventilation system.
I ordered the blind special on good faith for a mere ~$7 (!!!
) and then decided to tack on a Bloody Mary half way through my meal.
I was secretly hoping the blind special would be a savory dish because I wanted something that would go well with the Bloody.
Lo and behold, it was a savory dish, and it went spectacularly with the Bloody Mary!
Next time I will be back to try something from the 'sweet' menu!
Or I might just roll the die again and take my chances with the blind special.

Just went to Short Stack for the first time and loved it!
The Bloody is one of the best in Madison, and definitely the freshest.
I ordered the mystery meal (it's $7 if you don't ask what it is, and $12 if you do).
I won't tell you what it was either, but I can tell you that it was awesome!

I've been trying a few new brunch spots recently in the hopes of finding something a little better than the usual continental style that you see frequently in Madison.
Short Stack is a refreshing change of pace, and one in a line of relative newcomers that are trying to change things up.
I had heard about it from friends as a "college breakfast place that's open just about 24 hours" which while cool didn't really entice me to make a trip for it.
Thankfully yelp reviews, their website, and pictures all looked quite appealing so I made a visit.
The atmosphere is almost exactly what I like on a lazy Sunday afternoon; very open and lots of natural light coming in, friendly conversation from young but knowledgble wait staff, and a mixture of service with a do-it-yourself vibe (they have a water and extras table setup).
The central bar is a fun focal point of the restaurant, and they have just the right amount of tables to make it a comfortable time.
I see far too many places jamming their space to the brim to the point where you can't enjoy your supposedly "relaxing" brunch.
Short Stack doesn't have this issue.
I ordered the Cajun biscuit and gravy after a great amount of deliberation as many of their items sound fantastic.
It was about as awesome as it sounds, and completely hit the spot.
The portion size was just right too, I'm a fairly big eater but this was satisfying without being crazytown.
My only gripes were that it did get a little loud, I think accoustically the space isn't great, however it was still quite comfortable for conversation to the contrary of what some other reviewers said.
Secondly, the door to the restauraunt was wide open the entire time on a hot summer day, and personally I'm not a big fan of that because it means bugs are probably coming in and getting into the kitchen (which is open air visible to the tables).
Close the door and stay sanitary and that will win the last bit of me over.
I like the decor of the restaurant a lot, it has an old tea party like feel (not to be confused with the political party), with a very warm, positive atmosphere.
I'd definitely eat here again soon

