My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place as we were waiting for our text from Bacchanal to be seated.
Boy, am I glad we walked in!
They had an exclusive FnF event going on for its soft opening before their grand opening on 3/31, and they were giving away six photo souvenirs per person.
Kyra was warm and welcoming from the moment we met her and she stood by our side to take photos or help us with our orders every step of the way - she is so enthusiastic and genuine!
We were able to send photos from our phones via email or even upload pictures from Facebook, Instagram, or our SD card to be printed on thick card stock (I'm not entirely sure what the material is).
Such great souvenirs!!
Normally, each print would've been $1 each (minimum order of 6, please), which is super reasonable for such a creative and personal keepsake.
The prints did take a while to upload onto the computers they have there, but they did have wifi to make the sending go faster.
Although they had a ton of computer stations available, I could easily see them all getting taken up.
After the prints are loaded onto the computer, you can edit them to your liking (filters, enhancements, red-eye, brightness, contrast, sharpness, etc.
) and then choose the style of print (standard 1:1 Polaroid, horizontal Polaroids, or captionless with a white border), and then insert your own captions.
I love how much we were able to customize our gifts!!!
The prints took about 15-20 minutes to come out, but it was nice because we got to browse the store and see all the cute knickknacks they had for sale.
(Good thing they weren't allowed to sell anything today because I am such a sucker for most of the adorable accessories they had on display).
They also have an awesome makeshift life size Polaroid prop on display in front that reads "Las Vegas" as its caption, which the staff members are more than happy to help taking dozens of obnoxious photos for you to your pleasure!
I am so very impressed by the adorable photo accessories they're selling, the beautiful photos they have on display around the store and all over the walls, and the fantastic customer service!!
Honestly, outstanding service from Kyra, Javier - the whole gang!
This is going to be such a great hit, especially with society's obsession with documenting everything in life with photos!
Such a creative and sentimental idea.
It's located at The Linq, right across from Caesars Palace, on your way to the High Roller.
I loved my experience here so much that I had to review it on Yelp ASAP!
You definitely need to check it out!

Photo prints got lost in the shuffle.
This whole store is built around windows computers running chrome where you interface with their website.
There is literally nothing you can do at this store that you can't do from the comfort of anywhere else.
The people were helpful but in reality they were just trying to create an experience to hype you on buying a ton of crap.
Oh yeah.... Did I mention they lost my photos?
As in the whole point of having the store?

One of the funnest stores in The Linq.
You can take pictures outside and inside.
The staff are friendly and they volunteered to take our pictures.
To order the I'm Polaroid, it's inexpensive and affordable.
1$ per poloroid but you have to buy a set of 6 to get that price.
There's a single shadow box for 5$ and 2x6 for 15-20$.
Also, you can get a magnet to stick the poloroid on the fridge.
Options are endless.
Just ask, how to upload pics to get it printed if you're interested.
The staff will more than likely want to help.

I ordered my photos printing yesterday, waited over an hour around the Linq and it was not ready for picking up.
I had to meet up with my friends so I left.
I received the email showing my photos were ready an hour later, which took two hours for them to print.
That is fine, cos I know they are busy.
Today I came to the store and try to pick up.
They LOST my photos.
Seriously?
They just simply apologize to me and ask me to wait another HALF AN HOUR....told me there is nothing else they can do..
I had to go somewhere in a rush but now I stuck in the store and every associate is ignoring me.
Horrible experience no matter how cool the photos are.
Will never come back again to waste my time here.
FYI, I wrote this review while waiting for my photos.

i love the entire concept of this.
didn't even know we had a Fotobar back home.
and even though i didn't purchase anything, i enjoyed the walk through.
you can pretty much take any photo from your mobile device, tablet, or Instagram and have it printed out as a photobook, card, etc.
more than just a photo center.
it was like a media museum.

A fun sister date with my baby sister!
You can upload photos from social media, your phone, email, whatever, and have them printed to look like polaroids while you check out the other gems the Linq offers.

I love vintage Polaroids and was so excited to see this shop.
Sadly their customer service is below par.
As someone who also works in customer service, I understand that if you make a mistake you do your best to make up for it.
Rachel the store manager was very rude to me even after I was overcharged for a purchase and needed a simple refund.
I waited literally 30 minutes for her to figure it how to refund me.
She rudely turned down help from 4 different employees until someone walked up and showed her how to refund me.
I was patient during the whole process and asked for a Polaroid bag (the ones that are given with every purchase) and she flat out refused.
I "had a plastic bag and my $160 purchase would not get me a small bag".
After the whole process I left feeling bummed and wishing I didn't make a purchase from them.

I heard about this place through friends and being a regular at the Linq.
A fotobar?
What was that?
There were a lot of folks in the place.
The vibe seemed great, the employees seemed engaged.
Did this place serve alcohol?
These are the first thoughts I had when I stumbled upon this place last night.
What a treat!
When you first walk in, you noticed this place is huge!
Lots of table top seating with a bunch of computers.
The place is packed with memorabilia, shadow boxes and other accessories for your photos.
The walls were adorned with what else, Polaroid pictures!
AHHH, this place was not a bar at all.
You were able to log into your social media accounts and print out your pictures to Polaroids!
THAT WAS AWESOME!!!
It's a super easy process, you log in, choose the type of Polaroid, pick the amount of photos you want and bam!
You're done!
The photos I chose to print were only $1 each.
Before I placed my order, I got the chance to add a caption, change the brightness levels, etc.
This was great.
When my order was complete, I went to the front counter and paid.
The total with tax, came to $14 and some change.
After you pay, the clerk tells you that you will get an email when your pictures are ready.
She told me it would take about an hour.
How it works is that they have their very own lab upstairs.
Once they print your photos, they drop it down a chute behind the registers and onto a bed of Styrofoam.
While we waited, we walked around the Linq.
I kid you not, in about 15 minutes, I got a text saying my pictures were ready!
Talk about under promising and over delivering!
The photos were printed on a thick card board and looked exactly like a Polaroid picture, minus the shaking part (as explained by Outkast in Hey Ya).
I really enjoyed myself at this place.
It's a super easy, super efficient way to capture your memories.
I went home last night with 13 amazing pictures printed on Polaroids  because of this awesome place!
Thank you so much for the amazing time.
It was truly and awesome experience!

It's around 1130 on friday night.
You've been wandering around The Linq with a drink (or two) in hand.
You stumble across the Polaroid Fotobar and wonder what exactly it is.
The friendly employee at the door informs you that you can email pictures from your phone and have them printed out RIGHT THERE.
The images are printed out in the style of a retro Polaroid picture.
THIS IS AWESOME  So you sit down at one of the many computers and get to work.
You upload the pictures and send them to print.
What's this?
Shipping address?
You want them to print out over at the register, why do you need a shipping address?
The staff was super helpful in greeting you and getting you to a computer, so maybe they can help.
After speaking to you in a condescending tone, the employee is asked for a shipping address too.
This is weird.
The buzz is wearing off.
Finally the employee gets things squared away and you're printing.
You'll get a text when your order is ready.
So you wait.
And you wait.
And you hover hear the pick-up area.
Only then does another helpful employee tell you that you have to pay before your photos actually go to the printer.
Information that would have been useful before you loitered for a while.
You pay, you wait 20 minutes (and wander down to Sprinkles for a cupcake) and finally you get your photos.
All in all the concept is pretty neat.
It's great for spur of the moment purchases and a fun way to remember your trip to Vegas (or anything that's on your phone, really).
There are a TON of accessories and other ways to display your new pictures, and a lot of them are pretty cool.
Unfortunately, the experience is just crap.
Technology already makes people feel a little uncomfortable, so having employees that make customers feel stupid is pretty unacceptable.
I consider myself pretty savvy with technology as well, so to be spoken down to was really off-putting.
I may come back here after the kinks are worked out, but really, how many more clever photos do I need?

This place is really cool.
You can print out pictures from any social media site, your phone, email... Just about anywhere.
Everyone was really nice and helpful.
The one big downside, which is why they got 3 stars, was that when we got the pictures we ordered, you can definitely see that they need to change the ink in the printers.
The bright colors that our pictures originally had were significantly dulled out and really blended with the white background which kinda bummed us out after spending $60 bucks there... Too bad we left to come home right after and didn't have time to say something otherwise I would have.

Oscar was so RUDE when picking are orders ....
Send him to customer service training!!!!

I've been here a handful of times now and it is a really neat concept but they always seem to have computer/technical problems.
We're locals and we were hoping to make a trip to The Linq to print some of these cute pictures for a surprise party we're throwing.
We're on a time crunch and spent an hour and a half choosing pictures, editing them, and choosing which to print in 3D.
I swapped computers 4 times-- I started at the other end of a row and almost ended up at the end.
The computers kept freezing up and kicking me out of the program without saving my work.
I lost patience completely and left....
Without anything ordered to be printed.
I made it as far as I needed to to complete my order, my cart was pretty much finalized and of course it froze up and kicked me off.
The employees helping me were nice, but not very helpful.
They were just saying that their computers have been acting up lately {well, yes I know} and that Instagram is slow on the weekends haha.
They didn't even bother getting a manager involved or offer a solution, which upset me even more.
They pretty much didn't even care that they lost a customer.
It's really frustrating because we didn't have time to lose and we didn't even get what we came for.
That was the 3rd time I've tried to print pictures and their computer programs glitch up.
Not sure if I'll try again, go there with plenty of time AND PATIENCE.

Love the different mediums your photos can be produced!
I was amazed by the photo that looked like an acrylic painting!
The representative that greeted us was enthusiastic and shared great information.
I will return to see the museum they have!

Great concept but the execution is sorely lacking.
The interface is fairly self-explanatory but the computer locked up several times while trying to upload photos from my phone.
Several staff standing around and no one came by to assist.
Just seems like there are some missed opportunities.
We were close to the front door, and got up from the photo bar and headed out.
Seems like the 2-3 staff chatting at the entrance might have noticed us in revenue-generating mode and said something besides "thanks for coming in.
"  As a Mac user, it wasn't lost on me that the Microsoft logos were covered up with stickers.
Cntl Alt Delete.
We are outta here.

Pretty cool place.
I'd recommend to tourists or locals.

SHAKE IT LIKE A POLAROID PICTUREEEE!
Such a unique and cute store in Vegas.
The inside/layout reminds me of the apple store.
You'll find lots of different frames here for your pictures and even various polaroid cameras.
The staff are really helpful and welcoming.
There are lots of computers in here so that you can access your fb, instagram, etc, or upload pics from your phone into this program so that you can print out polaroid pictures of the selected images.
It's $1/print (min is 6 prints) for a standard sized polaroid picture.
The bigger ones cost a bit more.
Another cool thing is that the computers have full access to the internet so if you have time to kill or just needed access to the internet you can use it here to check e-mail, yelp, etc.
The staff won't kick you out for it  Pictures are worth 1000 words so why not capture vegas memories and convert it into a polaroid?

Great Customer Service!!!
We were there last night and my friend was picking her photos to print (34 pics) and the computer froze on her twice!
She had to start over each time until the manager stepped in and tried to help.
My friend was at the point of giving up and leaving until the manager helped and offered to comp her pictures if she did it one more time!
It finally worked!!
She also rushed the print job and we got our pictures in less than 20 minutes.
I love this place and I will continue to do so.... As long as they don't change a thing and continue to provide excellent service!

When I came here I did not get to play with any of the computer but having played in photography before I knew what Polaroid is all about.
I loved Polaroid's and am super happy that this type of photo medium in not going extinct.
You can get your photo take inside an old school photo which is super fun and touristy.
They have a ton of cool things to put your photos in and play with.
I had to hide my credit card when in here.
I kind of love this store..... just wish I had more money.

I enjoy photography and went in just to check it out and I'm very glad that I did.
There are only 5 of these stores in the US and I can see it expanding.
It is so fun!!!
So, you can get the usual stuff - Polariod film, cameras, picture frames, books, etc.
But the fun is that you can have your pics printed right in the store and they'll make it look like Polaroid.
I say "look" because it is mounted on thick cardstock, not on film.
Anyways, after you get some pics printed you can get a frame for them.
I ended up getting a frame that holds 12 pics by magnets.
There are lots of different printing options if you don't like that - wood, metal, etc.
There are lots of computers in the store so you don't have to wait long (if at all) for a computer.
Plus you can also check it out and not buy anything.
You can access pictures from FB, Flickr, Instagram, and other online sites.
You can also download pics from your memory cards.
The prints cost $1/pic for a standard size Polaroid.
You can definitely get other sizes but they obviously cost more.
Down side - pics take a while to upload.
So if you're thinking you can drop in and get out within 20 minutes it's not going to happen.
But that's not much of a down side.
If you get a chance to go here, you need to at least check it out.
The other stores are in Florida.
Definitely can get stuff online as well.

I had some pictures on my phone and thought it would be fun to print some if them.
The Fotobar staff was very helpful.
We sat at a computer and step by step it walks you through downloading pictures to their service, editing them and putting text at the bottom.
I had 16 photos printed and it took about 10 minutes to get the text that my order was ready.
We were very surprised by the quality of the print.
Not like old fashioned Polaroids at all, these are printed on heavy photo board stock.
You can print pics from your phone or iPad, Facebook, Instagram, or internet.
And once you create an account you can order online!
We were very impressed!

I did not go to the museum (admission is $5) but I did shop at the store.
I would give this more stars if the employees didn't keep pouncing on me like a used car salesman.
I'd actually like to give it less stars when it comes to the customer service at the front desk.
There's a TON of empty computers waiting for people to play on it.
What they should do is have someone play on the computer so people can see what its there for.
Instead you walk around aimlessly, avoiding the employees asking "can I help you?
" which you automatically reply "No".
Maybe they should say "Can I show you what this Fotobar is about?".
Instead, they try to sell me shadow boxes!
So I plop myself on a computer and created an account.
VERY EASY to start an account, and I used the photos from my Instagram and FB to create my own set of Polaroids ($1 a piece, minimum 6).
As I'm choosing my pics, the same 5 employees kept bothering me, asking me the same questions "Are you doing ok?
", "Is there something I can help you?".
"Ask me if you need any help".
After I was done making my stuff, you'd think the same annoying employee would walk me to the cashier and ring me up.
No!!
Its 2 slow employees who ring up people, and there's no organized way to queue up.
As I was waiting to pay, I wanted to see a particular frame for my finished photos.
The girl who used to bother me all of a sudden couldn't be bothered to help me.
She had no opinion on which frame would suit me best, and agreed with me everytime I picked a color.
DRONES, I tell ya!
Drones!
I waited 10 minutes to pay for my pictures.
Ridiculous!
There's too many employees ROAMING the store, and not enough to take your cash.
So after I paid for my 10 polaroids, and a $42 picture frame, and I was told I'd get a text message when it was ready.
20 minutes later I get the text, and I walk back into the store, and guess what?
The same ROAMING employees, who just saw me 20 minutes ago, asked me "Can I help you?
" "Welcome to Fotobar" "Is there something I can show you?
" "Do you want to see the shadow boxes"   DRONES!!
I walk to the sign that says "Pick up order" and waited, and waited, and waited 15 minutes for someone to show up.
Finally I flagged a Drone and said "who's working this desk"?
No apologies, and someone shows up to hand me my pictuers.
I'd love to give this 4 stars for the concept, but they really need to work out the bugs in customer service.

Genius idea!
Have them print the pictures from our photo on any canvas you would like!
Huge, spacious store, very helpful staff, fun ideas for creating everlasting memories right at the Linq, very cool stop, great for gifts as well!

great atmosphere, awesome music.
#trancefamily :D the staff is more than helpful and offered numerous different tips on editing and gifting my order.
they helped me place my pictures in different frames to see which would go better with my father's day pictures.
love the concept of turning pictures on my phone into custom art.
made a collage of pictures for father's day and purchased a rustic wooden frame to go along with it.
my dad loved it and my entire family ended up placing orders online to be shipped out to California!
while i went upstairs to the Polaroid museum and absolutely fell in love with the "silver clouds" exhibit.
great job, Polaroid!
way to make a comeback :D

Walking into this store I was immediately enticed by all of the colorful displays, and I wanted to know more.
The employees were more than welcoming and had lots of product knowledge that they were willing to share with me.
The process was super easy and quick, and I was so happy to finally be able to do something with all of my favorite photos that were trapped in my phone.
I will definitely keep this store in mind for any future holidays, as my family has loved the prints and frames I have purchased for them so far.
Overall awesome idea, and can't wait to fill up my house with all of my photos that I love so much!

Great idea... in theory!
I think the whole $1/photo, min 6 photo thing is pretty cool.
It's printed on a matte coaster-like thick cardboard, which definitely makes for a unique souvenir.
Service here was great.
You can plug in a variety of electronic devices (you just swap them your ID for a phone/USB cord or a micro/SD card reader).
People seemed pretty helpful when we had questions.
What I was disgusted by was the temperamental artifact of a computer, which crashed multiple times when I was doing an upload.
Kind of strange that a store that prides itself on printing media through technology would have the gall to even let people use these computers!
(You can tell that slow technology is not exactly my cup of tea.
) When you choose your 6, after multiple times of choosing the same 6 and the program freezing, (I can't imagine what would happen if you wanted to print more), you get to add all these cool effects and filters-- but don't do that.
It's DINOSAUR slow.
I'm pretty sure I aged 2 years waiting to type in my simple, "VEGAS 2014" caption, and another 5 years applying the cool faded filter.
Afraid the program will freeze again and I would have to start all over, I just decided to send it all off to print.
No filter, no caption, no special anythings.
I was pleased with the cool product and the uniqueness and variety of the store, but it was such a hassle to deal with those computers that I don't think I'd ever print in-store again.
EVER.

This place is heaven for someone who loves the art of polaroid!
I'm actually quite disappointed with myself for waiting so long to visit since I own a polaroid camera and find the concept just amazing.
So the whole point of this store is print media.
You're able to create polaroids with any pictures you like.
The magic happens on one of their many computers so the chances of all of them being occupied is SLIM.
You create an account and you upload your pictures onto your account via a text link, e-mail, Facebook, etc.
They have different sizes you can choose along with how you want the polaroid to look like.. You can even add text.
Now, I opted for the 6 photos, $1 ea.
photo minimum.
It's pretty out on matte style on thick cardboard-like stock.
It takes roughly 20 minutes to process, but when you're browsing through this store those 20 minutes fly by FAST.
You can get a lot of their decoration products they offer.
I didn't get any this time, but believe me once my polaroid collection adds up I WILL BE BACK TO GET THEM or probably just DIY them myself, haha.
You can go upstairs for $5 ea.
to see their polaroid museum which showcase a lot of photographers works and you get to see all the different types of polaroid camera especially the world's largest one!
I'LL BE BACK.
I'LL BE BACK.
I'LL BE BACK.
That pretty much sums up my opinion on this place.
I love the concept.
I love the store.
I love polaroids.
What more can I say that can make you think about trying this place?

Several websites online say that you can get into the museum section for free on Tuesdays with a local ID.
It is really that you need to purchase something to get that free admission.
The lady that works there said that it was probably in the fine print.
It isn't unless you see the tiny sign out front.
Here is the website where it is very unclear and doesn't say anything about making a purchase before visiting the museum.
http://www.caesars.com/thelinq/events/linq-bloq-party.html  "Polaroid Fotobar: FREE museum admission ($5 off for non-locals)"  So, I did not check it out.
I am not complaining about not getting something for free but I would have maybe purchased something or given this place as a recommendation to check out to other locals or when people visit if I was able to visit their museum.
I thought that was the point of offering discounts like that to locals.
But, it was crowded and tourists seemed to love it, so what do I know?

My husband and I found this place while we were checking out the new Ferris wheel section.
I was really excited for this store and knew what picture I wanted to print right away!
It was a few days from our 2 year anniversary so I wanted to print a wedding picture and but it in a shadow box.
We check out all the different shadow box colored frames to see which one would go best with the picture and settled on black (for a black and white picture), which seems like a common choice to me.
We ordered the picture and I went up to pay for it.
That day they were offering a discount on the frame that did not automatically come off so I had to request it which seemed a little sneaky to me.
Because if you were not paying attention you could have missed out on that discount.
Next she went to pull me a shadow box and there was none available under the counter in black, she looked very troubled.
She told another guy working the floor who went to look and brought up a display one.
Why would I pay full price for a display item.
This did not make me happy.
I informed my husband who was not happy as well.
The workers kept asking us what we wanted them to do.
Umm why should we be solving their problem, they should be doing whatever they can to help us what they can offer us.
They did work with us on options that we suggested and eventually we came to an agreement but I was disappointed in the staff and how this was handled.
The quality of the picture was 5 stars but the service was a 2-3.

Buyer beware first the discount that I had to remind them about and now this.
I was here over a month ago and was rung up and then offer a discount for the floor model since that was the only choice.
They said they would refund me and then ring me up again.
Well as I was reviewing my credit card statement I see two charges from them and no refund!
My husband call them to see what they could do and Charlene told us to wait longer as it could take the credit card company longer than 30 days to post the refund.
I have had refunds before and it has never taken this long to post!!
Poor customer service once again, thanks Polaroid!

I had a very bad experience that really left me frustrated with Fotobar and ultimately led to questioning their systems/operations.
The store reps did not have knowledge about the photos that I asked about (whether or not photobooks are created in store or commissioned).
In an attempt to purchase large photos and prints at the store, their store computer crashed on three different occasions.
On the last occasion the computer read "warning: memory low.
" The experience felt like a waste of 2 hours.

My new favorite store!
First I need to preface that I particularly loved this store because of my love of photography.
I was a fine art photography major in college, and for a few years worked as a professional wedding and portrait photographer.
I have a pretty deep love not just for photography but for the history of photography and the Polaroid product in particular.
Having said that - this is one of my new favorite places!
Polaroid needed to do *something* to make themselves relevant, and this is it.
The ability to print mounted keepsake photos from your phone instantly is great.
The offer of purchasing specifically designed frames for your small or medium mounted prints in the style of old Polaroids is unique and clever.
The entire staff in the store were very friendly and helpful.
The actual prints themselves came out very nicely.
Plus, you can order any of the products you see in store or prints online - so, instead of lugging large prints around the strip, I opted to visit the website from home.
The quality of bamboo, metal, and lucite-mounted prints was higher than I anticipated.
You can get high quality prints here without needing a professional lab connection.
(I'm pretty darn picky about print quality, and I would recommend the prints to anyone.
)  I didn't pay the $5 to visit the museum, mostly because having been a fine art/photography major, I was fairly confident I already have a good grasp on the history of photography and have been to my fair share of art museums.
I wish they offered a free pass if you make a purchase or something of that nature.

What a fantastic place!
You could spend hours in this great new concept store.
Bringing back the old Polaroid concept with a modern twist.
We stopped by for a brief moment and spent almost an hour in there!
Thanks to a wonderful associate named Kaleo (I think that's her name).
She was so patient with my 78 year old mom as she taught her how to download using her new smart phone!
She loves her job and is great with people.
Very warm and friendly.
We wanted to thank her so much for making our experience so much fun, but she had already gone home for the night when we went back to pickup are pictures.
We loved the concept and will definitely be back for more!

