I got a facial and bought skincare products and absolutely love and was thoroughly impressed with the wealth of information and shared beauty secrets.
I was astonished that after one treatment my skin appeared to look as though I had a mini facelift.
The atmosphere had a peaceful, zen like ambience.
Summer was very passionate about her work and I will defiantly go back.
I have continued using her medical grade products that are available for purchase on her website at  fiveyearsyoungerskincare.com

Found Five Years Younger with a groupon last November, and I haven't let anyone else touch my skin since then!
My adult acne was so consistent/bad that I never left my home without makeup.
Summer not only got got rid of the acne, but my acne scars as well.
Her products are the best and she gives great at home remedies for any issues.
Additionally, Summer always makes you feel like you're scheduling time with a good friend, not just someone to fix your skin; she'll make you feel at home on your first appointment.
After spending money on spas/estheticians with no results, Summer is worth every penny!
I finally love my skin enough, I can skip the makeup!

I've been a member of Groupon for years and have tried many places but finally I found the best in all of Vegas...Thank you Summer!
For providing the best facial ever and for being the sweetest person and giving some great advice to always be positive in life.
I've enjoyed my time and experience at your hands every time and looking forward for many more visits.

Summer is an amazing woman!
Not only is she highly professional and very knowledgeable about what she's doing, she's also the sweetest, kindest, and most caring skin expert I've ever been to.
She treats you as though you're her best friend, and unlike other facial spas I've been to, the service does not at all feel rushed.
During the 90 minutes I spent in her super cozy and relaxing spa room, I felt that I already got to know Summer, and I had a really good time with lots of interesting conversation topics.
She also prioritized my wellness over her potential to make money, and gave me advice for where to buy cheap, but high quality, skin care products.
Despite her not at all trying to push her own products on me, I really wanted to try them, and I purchased one of her kits.
After my first treatment with Summer, I could see clear improvements in my skin, and the products that I bought from her have helped maintain these results.
My skin now got a nice glow, and the acne cleared up.
The line that had started to appear in my forehead is also no longer visible, a magic that previous facial treatments weren't able to perform.
I can't wait to go back!
It's just as nice as going out for a cup of coffee with a good friend, and you get to improve your skin drastically in the process of doing so.
Summer also offers very reasonable prices, less than half of what you would pay for the same treatment elsewhere in the city (and less than a third of what I would have to pay in New York), but the quality is even better than what I've experienced at competitors.
I can wholeheartedly recommend Summer for the next time you go get your facial treatment, and you won't regret checking out her business!

Oh my god, she is awesome !
That's all I can say.
I was struggling with terrible acne since I came here in Vegas because of climate changes so I decided to get some help.
I purchased some peel treatments on groupon and she did a great job on my skin.
She is so fun and does amazing work, by the time she finishes and you look in the mirror, you feel pretty amazing about the way you look.
You can totally tell the differences before and after the treatments.
Needless to say, She is very professional and definitely knows what she is doing.
Not only that she always makes me feel like I'm her daughter lol like She takes the time and care to make me feel beautiful inside and out and always makes me feel as if It's all about ME :) She listens you, and understand what will work for your skin type and condition.
Over all I'm very satisfied with my results, and am thankful for her caring and skillful service.
Thank you summer !
You are the BEST !

Summer is wonderful!!
She takes her time with you and explains what she is putting on your skin and why.
She also gives you tips on how to manage your skincare at home.
My skin looks so much better than it did when I walked in.
I have had many facials at different spas in Vegas and I have been looking for someone to help me develop a  skincare plan.
She has helped me do just that.
I will definitely will be recommending Summer and Five Years Younger to everyone!

I love Summer Massoud!
She is so warm and welcoming.
She made sure I knew all I could about taking care of my skin and gave great advice.
She loves to share her wealth of knowledge about skin care so everyone can look beautiful!
My skin was AMAZING after my facial and looked even better this morning!
Such a great experience, I can't wait for my next one!

