Typical Mexican fast food chain...similar to but seemingly more flavorful than it's Robertos cousin.
This is the kind of food that tastes 100x better late at night or inebriated lol.
We ordered the Carne Asada Tostada ($3.80).
Good flavor...HUGE portion lol.
Al Pastor Torta ($5.15).
Surprisingly good considering it's not rotisserie style pastor.
A bit on the dry end though, but the seasoning was tasty.
Chorizo Breakfast Burrito ($3.80).
Chorizo didn't seem fresh and had an odd taste.
Filled to the brim with scrambled egg and potato.
Solid late night choice for greasy drunk food :P

Really you're a Mexican eating establishment and don't don't have F-ing limes ????
I don't care how expensive they get.
Ridiculous !

Disappointed to order carne asada nachos to get home with no carne asada.
I'm not sure how it happened when there were six people working and I was the only customer!
This location is the same distance as the one on rainbow so that's where I'll be going from now on.

Not good at all!!
The meat was flavorless and the salsa was water down.
I didn't care for my meal and it upset my stomach.
I will not go back to this place.
Poor quality in food!

Kind of like Roberto's.
The food is pretty good as far as semi fast food Mexican goes.
it's a much better alternative to Taco Bell that's for sure.
The best part is that it is open twenty four hours to crave those late night munchies or when your wife sends you out at two AM for a food run.
The prices are very reasonable too.
I'll usually order a Carne asada tostada which only cost $3.80.
Sometimes the even have specials on tacos buy two get one free.
Throw in the little side salad bar with radishes, cucumbers, and marinated carrots with jalapeno and you got a rather large meal four under for bucks.

Great place for a quick fix of Mexican food.
Can't say it's the best or the worst but it's cheap, close, and satisfies my hunger!
The portions for carne asada fries big and it's only $8.
The adobado & carnitas plates are also descent.
I'd stay away from the rolled tacos and tamales as they weren't that great.
Just remember, this place isn't world class dining...it's just fast and cheap!

Hubby and I have eaten here a few times.
Now so thought I should write a review.
The place is nice and clean and has a decent salsa bar.
We have taken our food to go both times and I appreciate that you can pack up your little containers of salsa and limes in plastic baggies so you don't have a big mess by the time you get the food home.
They also do a nice job wrapping the tortillas up so that they are still warm when you eat.
Now onto the food.
Not being a fan of Roberto's I was hesitant to try this place but was pleasantly surprised with the carne asada plate I had the first time.
The meat was tender and flavorful.
The rice and beans are decent, they just need a pinch of salt and a dab of salsa and they are a good side .
The only thing I didn't like was the massively ginormous flour tortilla that came with it.
I thought it would be 2 smaller more manageable ones to roll and wrap.
I ended up tearing it into smaller pieces and was good to go.
This last visit I ordered the pork carnitas plate and had the corn tortillas.
Again nice tender meat and the tortillas were very fresh tasting.
Hubby had the adobada plate which was amazingly delicious.
I know what I will be ordering next visit.
Very seasoned flavorful meat, guessing it is pork.
At any rate when we are in the mood for fast Mexican food this place hits the spot.

Pros: staff is really friendly and usually pretty helpful  Cons: food is inconsistent is always very good in flavor but the quality and quantity depends on who's working

