Just tried RIcky's for the first time.
Staff was friendly, place was fun with club music.
The food unfortunately wasn't anything to rave about.
I had called ahead of time for pickup order.
They had some miscommunication in kitchen.
I ordered the shrimp tacos, which were bland, and the sauce they used way to much Baja sauce.
May try again if they get a new chef.
For now i'll be staying with Julio Too's downt he street.

I heard from my coworkers this place just opened so I grabbed some take out before heading home after work.
Place was cool, bartender and staff were friendly--not to mention waitresses were...um...muy caliente!
I ordered the carne asada tacos, and although they had good flavor, they were greasy.
Chicken tacos were decent.
Prices for Taco Tuesday are definitely worth trying.
Definitely better than El Hefe's tacos!
I think Ricky's would be even better if they clean up the grease.

Sorry great location!
But the food was WACK!
C'mon guys!!!
Was hoping better then that 1 star.

My office is located in Old Town and I have been searching for some authentic Mexican food...well my search is over.
Ricky's definitely delivered in authenticity.
I ordered the carne asada tacos which I believe is their signature taco.
Delicious!!!
Excellent flavor, juicy and tender and not fatty at all like some places.
The rice had the traditional peas in it just like south of the border and the beans had a great consistency.
Oh, we started with chips and salsa and the salsa was warm and very tasty.
I will definitely be going back, probably to check out some other menu items along with the margaritas.

Came here to grab a quick dinner before meeting our friends at another bar... we sat at the bar.
Based on our experience, I feel this place is two-star worthy.
Here's why:  -This place has no idea what it wants to be.
There's neon, club-like lights everywhere and a bouncer checking ID's at the door... while its still set up like full on restaurant serving mexican food.
I know a lot of places in Old Town have bouncers out early, but this place is just different.
-Big dude walking around the front of house, helping guests.. which wouldn't matter, but he had a chef's coat on that actually had the word "chef" embroidered on the front.. shouldnt you be in back of house orchestrating the kitchen?
Whose making the food?
-Bartender 1 knocked my water all over me.
Got my shirt and my pants.
He offered me a free drink,  which was nice, but for some reason that just didn't feel like consolation enough.
Bartender 2 watched the whole thing and just shook her head.
-The tub of sanitizing water bartenders use to wash glassware was situated right behind the bar, in front of where we were seated.
As bartender 2 washed glasses, drops of the sanitizer water hit my face.
It probably got the food too.
This happened TWICE.
Definitely not cool.
-The food is just mediocre.
-When a place has the word "tacos" in the name, I expect a decently wide variety of tacos on the menu.
Not the case.
I would eat here again if I was with a group of people who all wanted to go, but I wouldn't come here on my own accord, thats for sure.

I've been back several times to Ricky's and continue to try different dishes.
What is consistent is the cool bartenders/staff, and Luis as he moves around his restaurant to ensure his customer's are happy!
I reserved a table for the Pacquio vs Bradley 2 fight and was greeted and treated with great food, drinks and service!
Did I mention there was no cover charge for the fight!?!?!
$2 Taco Tuesday and you can't go wrong!
Enchiladas are the bomb!
Definitely the best chicken tacos around the Scottsdale area.

No thank you!
This was a disappointing experience.
If it wasn't terrible service place potential because the food was decent.
Unfortunately we had to ask for water four times... and My husband never got any.
We stopped in for happy hour on Saturday, because of the sign on the street advertising it.
We waited forever to be greeted at the table and then we're never actually assigned a server.
So not only did we receive terrible service , the bill came and no happy hour pricing...
When we asked about it, they said it was just Mon-Fri ... Then we let them know that the sign didn't say that, so they did look at the sign and honor it.
We might give them another shot if they are still around in a couple months.

Chips & Salsa were good.
Fish tacos - unsure of the fish they used or if it was just old, heavily breaded with too much mayo.
Wish they had a sauteed option.
Won't be going back.
Should have had a discussion with them since they are a new establishment, but I needed to get back to work.

My husband and I came here for lunch and I have to say...
This food is very authentic and delicious!
I can tell it's definitely a part scene at night, but calm for lunch.
I highly recommend this place for a fun night out or just for some good ol' mexican food.

Fabulous customer service.
Awesome vibe.
Wonderful staff.
Louis, the owner, is fantastic.
Good bartender's and every alcohol manageable.
Definitely make this a stop in your Scottsdale vacay

Really good food at a fair price.
Service was top notch, very friendly.
Not sure with the word Taco in their name you would try anything else, but looking forward to going back.

Seriously most legit Mexican food in the area.
Fresh tortillas, fresh and clean meats.
Bringing all friends and family here to try it out.
Ignore some of the reviews below, if your into great Mexican food you have to check this place out.
Everything from the chips and salsas to the actual dishes are executed really well.
I'm hungry again!

This place is a hidden gem and is now my go-to spot to eat tacos after enjoying a night out in Old Town.
The food is tasty and the service was great!
Highly recommended!!

Best service!!!!!
Best tacos!!!!!
I am now a regular!
They also have taco Tuesday!
Howie was my bartender and he was absolutely amazing!
Only can say positive things about this place, even the people at the bar were so friendly.
I am from the Midwest and if you want the home style service and out of this works tacos come here!!!!!!!

