The owners of the Free House in Middleton took the same concept and put an English flavor on it and nailed it on the west side of Madison.
Great beers, and food.
This will be my new West side hang out@

I joined a friend/co-worker here for a few brews and dinner on Monday, April 7 - shortly after their "soft opening" weekend.
+ Shockingly well-prepared, despite having just opened + Beautiful interior - great lighting, loved the colors and the earthy materials  + Very nice tap beer list - great variety and depth + Kudos for serving in proper glassware based on style + Beers were all very reasonably priced  + Service was *superb* - absolutely outstanding + Perfectly attentive without being obnoxious or absent + Very friendly and helpful  + Great food + Cheese curds claim to be house made, but I'd swear they were the "pub variety"; regardless, they were perfectly cooked + Patty melt was served at a *perfect* medium rare (per request) and was OUTSTANDING + Sweet potato fries were a $1.50 up charge, and appeared to be from the freezer bag, but they were plentiful and perfectly cooked, so they get a "+" rather than a "-" or a "meh"  + Great job at blending background music with the NCAA championship game - nothing was too loud or too quiet; TVs were placed so that you could see them without them being "in your face"  All things considered, this is a great little place and a very welcomed addition to this part of town.
In full disclosure, I haven't been a big fan of their sister establishment, The Free House Pub... but I did truly enjoy The Flying Hound.
I wish them well, and thank them for the excellent experience tonight.
I can't wait to go back!

Great beer selection!
Got an Oktoberfest in the springtime, totally made my day!
Mussels and poutine were great-granted made with cheese as opposed to cheese curds.
Worth the moula, was a little disappointed in the sausage platter as it was not a lot for $9, but they had a good kick to them!
Nice area, good place to chill and the staff were excellent!
Definitely gonna have to hang out here more often.

Sorry Jenna L. But they DO use FRESH cheese curds on the poutine!!
It's topped with FRESH grated aged provolone cheese as well!
They are SO good!

Awesome tap list and very affordable wine menu.
The food was pretty delicious and came out in a timely fashion.
My only worry is the staff.
I know it's new but 4 out of 5 empty glasses for more than 10 minutes is a little concerning.
I hope it's just a bump on the training road because this place could be great for the neighborhood.

Good beer selection, average food, poor service.
There's about 40 beer selections on tap, ranging from local microbrews to imports.
The drinks are reasonable priced $5-8 depending on beer or cocktail.
The food was average, nothing really stood out.
We had fish and chips, burgers, and a portabella mushroom sandwich.
All the food was very appealing.
Everyone seemed to enjoy what they ordered.
The only suggestion would be choosing the sweet potato fries over the regular fries.
The service is what really gives flying hound only 3 stars.
Our waitress was very inattentive, we ordered an appetizer but never got it.
The good part was it wasn't on the check, we asked her about it and she remembered us ordering it but seemed to forget putting the order in.
Willing to give this place another try.

We were excited to have a new restaurant open in our neighborhood.
Outstanding selection of craft beers, great bar, awesome selection of Scotches and Whiskeys.
The food is amazing.
I had the Atomic Sausage sandwich made with Pelicaric family sausage and house hot pepper mustard.
Loved it!
My wife had the patty melt, made special by their roasted garlic spread.
My son had the spicy citrus chicken sandwich, another great surprise.
All three dishes had welcome twists on otherwise traditional sandwiches.
I had a triple Belgian and my wife had a sour ale, both were wonderful.
The service was outstanding, thanks to Jameson who was tending bar.
We will definitely be back and encourage neighbors and visitors to try them out!

I was so excited when I saw that they were building what looked to be a nicer restaurant in this area because the selections around here are so sparse.
This place is in the same plaza as Target and a few other small shops so for me it's not out of the way as I find myself in that plaza pretty often.
It also has ample parking which is great!
I have now been here three times.
On my second visit, about a week or so after they opened, it was so busy that we pretty much couldn't get in.
The wait was about 1.5 hours which was a bit more than I could bear that night.
My first and third visits however were great so I will definitely be adding this place to the rotation.
The place has a great beer selection; not a beer person too much but I saw the list and it was LONG!!
The service so far has also been pretty outstanding.
On one visit my fries were burned.
After mentioning this to the server, he said that he would take 50% off.
I thought that was pretty cool!
In regard to the food it is not best ever but there are several things I have yet to try so I'm optimistic.
I do however LOVE the pretzels here.
You get three medium sized pretzels and three dipping sauces.
The pretzels are super soft and the dipping sauces have great flavor!
I also enjoyed the gravy that is served with the poutine.
It was a bit odd that the gravy was served on the side but I still enjoyed them!
I had the mussels also but probably won't be ordering those again as they tasted a bit dirty but the sauce it came in was pretty decent.
All in all, I really dig this place and with so few options in the area I will certainly be back.

Bar area was great,  nice beer selection.
as long as you didn't want to get seated... After being told we were "next " watched 3 couples get seated before the 2 of us.
No acknowledgement that we waited much longer than our hour wait time.
When we final got seated it seemed an inconvenience.
We then left without dinner.

We ate here on a Friday night about 5:30.
The place was already packed, but our party of 5 was seated immediately.
Our waitress and waiter in training were great, there seemed to be a lot of staff for the size of the place.
There is also a patio that you could sit on, but no service on this night.
The interior is small but nice, notice the beautiful stain glass flying hound above the door.
We ordered beers that came out promptly (there is quite a list!
) and then 2 perch dinners, a cod dinner, a patty melt, and an atomic sausage all with fries.
Our food was also delivered promptly and was above average.
Impressed on all the local ingredients used on their menu.
Just a few negatives - hard to have a conversation because of the acoustics.
It was also very cold, not sure if this was an A/C vent or the door opening and closing to the patio.
Cole slaw served with fish pretty blah, none of us ate it.
Other than that an enjoyable experience and we will definitely return.
Previous reviewers that had poor service should give it another try.
Oh, and they kept my water glass full, always a good thing for me.

Highlights/lowlights  1) seriously awesome service 2) gluten free friendly drinks and food 3) nice ambience  I seriously do not have enough good things to say about this place!
Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon for lunch around 2pm and there were a decent amount of people there.
I really liked the atmosphere, wood floors and big windows all over.
We were seated right away and our server, Alora, came over immediately with menus.
She walked me through all of the gluten free drink and food options on the menu and brought waters right away.
Gluten free bread and buns are available as well as a few salads.
In addition to the gluten free food options there are several gluten free beers, a cider on tap, and a pear cider in a bottle.
I ordered the portobello mushroom sandwich with french onion soup (no croutons!
) and a pear cider.
My boyfriend got a beer (they have over 30 on tap!
) and the ham and cheese sandwich.
Our server was great about refilling our waters and giving us updates on when our food would be out.
My sandwich was awesome, all of the veggies tasted really fresh and my soup was piping hot.
My boyfriend said his ham and cheese and fries were great as well.
We will definitely be back!

Upon arrival we were immediately greeted and seated.
For a Monday evening, it was fairly full.
We ordered desert curds for an appetizer  French onion soup, the mussels entree,  and a schnitzel sandwich.
I (we) would not recommend the cheese curds.
When the order arrived, it was full of very small pieces approximately the size off a marble.
Definitely not a good value for the price.
The French onion soup, in the other hand, was absolutely delicious and worth trying.
The schnitzel sandwich was excellent and a generous portion.
The mussels were served in a flavorful sauce, and again as a generous portion.
However they were a bit 'dirty' tasting.
Overall we were satisfied with the dining experience and will definitely be returning.
We're looking forward to sampling some of the many brews offered.

Service was excellent, especially for a new restaurant.
I order the Schnitzel Platter, which came out a bit under-done but this was due to the thickness of the pork.
I pointed it out and they quickly brought me a new one which was excellent.
The server and management went above and beyond my expectation with rectifying the issue.
We had started with the sausage sampler which was delicious.
Their sauerkraut was some of the best I have ever had.
My wife ordered the fish and chips, and the fish was done wonderfully, not greasy with the perfect amount of batter.
Great beer list as well as whiskeys at very reasonable prices.

We went last Sunday around 12:30, the food was okay.
I had the chicken tenders and my wife had the patty melt.
We both had fries.
The fries were really greasy and the patty melt was flavorless with the meat lacking moisture.
The chicken tenders were moist and crunchy, we liked them the best.
I think we will give it a few months and then try again.
Service was slow for it not being busy at all.
I was a little annoyed because one server dropped a fork on my wife's head, yes it was an accident but something more than a quick apology would have been nice.

Considering it's in a strip mall in the parking lot of a Super Target, I entered The Flying Hound with low expectations.
But hunger and a crunch for time will make any place worthy of a try.
Quite honestly, a stop at the Target food counter would've been more satisfying (albeit more shameful).
The interior is decorated with some World Market prints and beer signs to make it feel like a faux pub.
A thin veneer without anything to show underneath it.
This carries forward to the food.
The "signature" (their words) pork schnitzel sandwich was completely underwhelming.
Evidently they lost the "pounded thin" aspect of schnitzel in translation.
What I received was basically a breaded boneless pork chop accompanied with a slice of halfway melted muenster cheese and wilted arugula.
The house onion gravy that accompanied it was separated by the time it came tableside.
The sandwich was completely devoid of any flavor.
My daughter went with the grilled cheese.
On paper, a combo of muenster and cheddar with a roasted garlic spread sounds solid, but sadly this isn't paper and the sandwich was nothing to write home about.
The accompanying fries were undersalted and bland.
Yes, I know that the under represented southwest side of Madison is in need of a regular "go-to" place for good drink and food.
There isn't much around nearby and they are desperately in need.
But sadly, The Flying Hound comes nowhere close to delivering  They are counting on convenience of proximity to bring in the crowds.
This might work for awhile but it's not a recipe for long term success.

I like this place, their burgers are tasty since they use fresh, local meat.
On my most recent visit,  I was disappointed to discover that the iced tea comes from a soda gun.
Their Greek salad was tasty, the dressing tasted homemade, but the baguette served with it fell short.
(Even though I was told it came from Clasen's).
It tasted no better than the average grocery store baguette, actually it tasted worse.
The onion soup was delicious, the croutons they used still had a crunch which reaffirmed the made to order idea.
Their beer selection is expansive which is nice.
Overall, I enjoy The Flying Hound, they do most things well, they just have to work on carrying good quality through the whole meal/entree.

This place just opened up and I can tell you it's going to become a regular place for me and my friends.
For a just starting little gastropub, the food is really good.
Definitely need to try the pretzels with the three mustards and the cheese curds would rival most places in Madison.
For my main sandwich I've only gotten their signature Flying Hound Burger.
There's something about a runny fried egg on a burger that's so amazing.
They also have a really incredible spicy jalapeno remoulade of some sort on it that I can't get enough of it.
Next time I'm going to ask for a side of it to dip my fries in!
You really need to check this place out.
The wait staff are really attentive and you get this 'Cheers' vibe that if you go enough the people are going to know you and be your friends.

I really enjoyed the imported beer selection.
The pretzels and cheese curds were delicious.
I had the salmon sandwich as my entree abd it was very good.
I can also say that I tried the duck/pear salad and Citrus chicken sandwich were very good.
I will be back for sure

So flying hound is somewhere between a three, and four for me.
But I decided to round up.
The flying hound is the latest addition to madison's gastropub scene, and a good one.
To me you cannot judge a pub in Wisconsin without trying the cheese curds, and it was a good choice.
I also had a framboise, and a atomic sausage sandwich.
The sandwich tasted great and had a good kick as the name promised.
Although, it was a little hard to eat as a sandwich meaning that it was messy and kept falling apart.
My in-laws and husband who were with me- all enjoyed their food as well.
If there is one con- I would say its the sound, and layout.
So there is a reason places like the great dane- separate out their main bar area, and dining area.
When you have a bar- it can get loud, add that it has the modern concrete flair (which works visually) it is LOUD in there!
Which can be troublesome if you plan to converse over your meal.

Great addition to Fitchburg!
This place has a cool pub atmosphere and nice artwork.
It's a nice restaurant and bar scene.
The burgers and sweet potato fries are very good.
Downside: - It's very loud and can be pretty crowded.
Sometimes it is hard to carry on a conversation due to loud atmosphere.

I have been to The Flying Hound twice.
Both times we were seated right away.
The food is very good.
The first time I had a burger and the second time I had fish and chips.
The decor is pleasant and I imagine the patio will be a great spot to have a beer once it warms up some.
The only downside that I can see is the service.
The food was slow to come out both times I was there.
The first visit we had a very nice waitress the second time our server was not very friendly.
I have really high hopes for this place.
Maybe over time the service kinks will be worked through.
It is a nice addition to the Fitchburg restaurant scene.

My wife and I decided to try this new pub in Fitchburg on our date night.
The place was hopping at 5pm on a Saturday!
We ordered chicken fingers for an appetizer with some sweet potato fries.
The chicken fingers weren't impressive and neither were the fries.
FYI, the side of fries with the chicken fingers are prepared differently than the sweet potato fries appetizer which comes some sort of spicy seasoning.
I wish I would have gotten that instead.
I also tried the French onion soup.
It was very good and not too salty.
My wife had the fish fry and I had the spicy blue burger.
Both were tasty.
A huge party foul though...I ordered my burger medium and it came well done.
I was hungry so I went ahead and ate it, but obviously, not a good first impression.
On a side note, the offer Sriracha at the tables as a condiment.
I ordered a ramekin of mayo and made my own spicy mayo to dip my sweet potato fries in.
Very delicious, but too bad they don't do this already.
Overall, the visit was good and the pub has a great fresh look and ambiance.
There's nothing unique enough for me though (no brewery, small space, food was so-so).
I might give it another try after they work out the new place jitters.

The menu looked decent but the food itself was below average.
Service was below average,  with long waits and forgotten items.
Beer selection was decent.
Overall,  there are much better places to dine & drink.
I probably won't come back.

My boyfriend and I went on a Thursday evening.
When we entered the place was pretty crowded which we took as a good sign.
However there was no hostess to greet us.
When she did show up, there was no smile, barely a greeting, and we felt like a burden to her.
However, on the way out, she was joined by a man, and both pleasantly wished us a good night.
We ordered the pretzel and mustard for an appetizer.
The three mustards were good, but nothing super special.
There was no indication what the flavors were.
I ordered a ginger ale, which was served in a rocks glass (like you get a mixed drink in) and it was $2.50.
The server told us they had to make it.
Not that they brew their own, but they had to make it--I'm still not sure what that means.
My boyfriend is the beer drinker and he said that while the beer list is extensive, it doesn't have anything on it that you can't get in other places in Madison.
We both ordered the blue cheese and bacon burger.
I asked for mine medium rare and it was more on the rare side of medium rare.
The menu boasts that they get their meat fresh and locally, but all I tasted was the blue cheese.
There was supposed to be spicy aioli--I didn't taste it or the bacon at all.
The fries were nice and crispy--mostly.
The food was just average; perhaps I would have a different opinion if I tried a different menu item, but I would assume with 1/4 of their menu being burgers, the place would be outstanding.
The waitstaff was average--nice enough but nothing spectacular.
The place is probably pretty great for getting a beer and appetizer or a place to hang out after work, but it's not a place I would go back to for a meal.
The ambiance is casual and the space is interesting.
I'm hoping it will be better once they've gotten into a groove and worked out the opening jitters because it does have promise.

Loved it!
Perfect atmosphere for outdoor or indoor dining.
Great selection of beers on tap, both local and around-the-globe.
The food was delicious and Pam, our waitress, shined!

The service could use some improvement.
This restaurant is understaffed and unable or properly handle peak times.
We were told there is no wait, but  ended up waiting for 20 minutes for a table.
Proper service at the bar is also lacking.
On the bright side, the beer selection is good and the food is pretty tasty.
If you're willing to wait and don't mind poor service, give this place a try.

Just average to okay food.
I would agree with a previous reviewer who said the place is noisy due its construction and layout.
The fries were not that great and mostly small and stubby.
I'm neither impressed nor do I care about the whole "local" foods aspect about this place.
I want a good burger and just because the beef is local doesn't mean its the best.
Oh and one last suggestion:  they had four television sets, three of which had a soccer game and one which had the Brewers game.
If you want to keep it local, put the Brewers baseball game on most of the TVs and leave the soccer for the late night ESPN 3 crowd.

Tried new place.
Inside nice has a pub feel to it.
Large selection of beer both tap and bottle.
Food not great.
Ok but not great.
Had spicy citrus chicken.
Really a piece of grilled chicken with very spicy wing sauce on it.
Too hot overpowered the taste of the chicken.
No free wi-fi.
Tampa Bay/Detroit game on.
Asked for Brewer game to be turned on-which was weird Brewers in 1st and we are in Wisconsin.
Leaning more toward not making this a regular stop.

The Flying Hound is a friendly pub in a strip mall in Fitchburg.
Inside, it feels as if you're in a place downtown.
It's a little loud due to the wood floor and stony walls; there's not much in the way of soft surfaces to damp down the noise.
There's a large, well-fortified bar with good seating and a surprising number of tables inside as well.
The beer was good and there's a wide variety; pretty much par for the course in Madsion and nothing truly special for a place like this.
However, the whisky list was quite good and decently priced, with a wide selection of single malts.
That was the highlight.
Unfortunately, the food did not impress.
I had a patty melt and it was cooked properly.
However, the meat had a sour edge on a couple of bites and I'm pretty sure it wasn't fresh.
Seeing as how I visited on a Saturday after the July 4th holiday, this doesn't surprise me.
Fries were a mixed bag of fine and overcooked.
Food was pouring out of the kitchen though, so who knows why that was.
The staff was very professional and for only having been open a few months, they're quite polished.
It's obvious they're industry people who have worked elsewhere.
The bartenders aren't you're average Wisconsin type bartenders; they want to fix drinks and be done.
It's not a chatty kind of place, so if you're that kind of drinker, look elsewhere.
Service was good but the food underwhelmed.
The Flying Hound has a big-city feel and would be a good place to have a couple after work, but it's not the sort of place that people become regulars at.
Food was underwhelming and I'd stick to beer and cocktails -- if they want to be seen as gastropub, they're going to need to do better on that front.
The Hound is a fine option for drinks if you're in the area, but I wouldn't make a special trip.

Cool new place in Fitchburg.
They have a large amount of beers on tap and the atmosphere is great.
The food is sub-par compared to other places in Madison.
Go for beers but eat somewhere else.

The four stars is simply because the beer here is excellent, but the food some what lacks in some aspects (both portions and taste).
I've been here twice and the service is really quick.
I definitely recommend to at least try some of the beers they have on tap (it's not made in house).

My boyfriend and I went Monday evening for dinner.
The decor is nice and the seating is comfortable.
A hostess seated us immediately.
The server, however, seemed scatterbrained.
Although menus were delivered, she did not pour us water or offer to take our drink orders before coming by to take our food order.
Her question to us:  "Oh, did I not get your drinks?
Did you want any?
"  No.
Thanks.
We shared an order of Poutine which was serviceable but nothing stellar.
The Poutine is covered with onion gravy which presumably is used with the bangers & mash.
Poutine traditionally uses a rich brown gravy, which this was not.
I ordered the kale salad with cranberries, walnuts, parmesan, etc.
BF ordered the fish with slaw.
The fish was in shapes that were too perfect to be fresh.
I immediately thought that the fish must come off the back of a food truck.
We agreed the slaw was nasty.
Neither of us could identify what the seasoning was, but it was pretty awful.
The kale salad, although large and the kale a beautiful green, was undressed.
Thankfully the ingredients were tasty enough that it really did not need dressing, and without having been coated in dressing the leftovers were fresh the next day.
We didn't try any beer but the beer list was impressive.
I cannot comment on the serving temperature, glassware, etc., to tell you if they serve it well.
With so many new restaurants opening all the time in the Madison area, I doubt we will return to the Flying Hound for another meal.

