Which Wich is a chain I heard some good things about, so it intrigued me to find out they were opening a downtown Madison location!
I went in to grab a quick lunch to go, and before I could even attempt to check in on Yelp (I couldn't either because it didn't have a page yet =/), I was happily greeted by an employee asking if i've ever been to a Which Wich before.
I said no, and he gave me an overview of their ordering process.
It was thoughtful of them to have an employee just to make sure people knew what they were doing at least during their first week of business!
It certainly helped too, because Which Wich does things differently.
There, you pick up a bag, and fill in a bunch of bubbles to describe what sub you'd like, including the toppings, sauces, the temperature of the sandwich, and size of sandwich.
Then, you just give it to the cashier, and then they charge you.
It's different, but I bet this system works better for the employees in the end, so I think it's fine.
The sandwiches charge a flat rate for the most part: A small is $5.50, a medium is $8.25 and a large is $11.00 (I think).
So, you'll notice that it's a bit pricier than say, Jimmy Johns or Subway up the road, but I think you're getting what you pay for here.
I had a medium black bean patty sub with a ton of sauces and random veggies on it, and I can say that: I liked it a fair amount, it was filling, I didn't feel ripped off, and I didn't feel garbage after eating it.
Given that I had no idea what I was doing the first time, I certainly could make a better sub the next time I go, without too many unnecessary things.
One good thing about Which Wich is that you feel like you have more control over your sandwich than you do at the other sub places.
It's easy to make your food vegetarian, vegan, gluten free, healthy, unhealthy (or "Epic", as some people call it), carnivore (They're known for a sub that has 5 different meats and 3 cheeses), etc.
etc.
Overall, I could see myself frequenting Which Wich on State occasionally.
It's much better than any other sub place in the vicinity, and it even can hold a candle to some of State's other good lunch spots.

The sandwich filling options are good, but the bread is dry, crumbly, and tastes mass produced.
With options like milio's and Jimmy john's so close by with much better bread, it's hard to justify paying so much for a sandwich here.

I actually think that the novel ordering system is a great idea that is well-implemented.
I also appreciate the variety of sandwiches and toppings.
However, there are three problems with this place:  1) Quality of ingredients: It's just not where it needs to be to produce a great sandwich.
The meats, cheeses, and  the bread aren't terrible, but they're also not substantially better than subway.
And that's not good enough.
2) The speed.
The employees are well-trained and courteous, but they just don't make sandwiches quickly enough.
Given the size of their menu, I wouldn't expect Jimmy Johns or Potbelly-level speed, but in my two visits (both when there were very few customers there), I've been surprised at how long it took for my order to get out.
3) The price.
Given that the sandwiches aren't all that great, the price is simply too high.
I got a 14" Italian grinder where the only upgrade was extra cheese.
It came to just over $13.
Admittedly, the sandwich was enormous, but almost a dollar an inch for your largest sub seems like too much to be asking.
I'll probably go back to Which 'Wich, since it's really close to my place, but I'm not thrilled about the idea.

