I checked this place out prior to the grand opening, so they weren't 100% prepared for business, but I still had a great experience.
While I still kind of think Platinum Entourage is higher-end and has more styles to choose from, I actually got a lot more compliments on my hair when I got it done at Blow n Go.
Plus, they are flexible on the exact style, so I'm sure they could work in whatever I request.
I was almost underwhelmed with my hair when I left the salon but didn't have time to have more work done on it, but when I got home and looked in the mirror, I was very pleased.
Even my husband complimented it over and over, which he never does when I get a blowout.
Best of all, the style lasted for days as it should.
It looked beautiful in pictures, the curl held, and my hair was so smooth and shiny.
As far as the experience, the scalp massage was perfect, but the 35 minute style + 10 minute massage ended up taking nearly 1.5 hours.
This isn't a big deal to me, but I'm sure this will be something that's straightened out as they get more business.
They offered delicious cookies and drinks, and the coolest part is this blowout bar is actually designed as a bar.
Overall, I really loved Blow n Go and will likely upgrade my review to 5 stars once the service becomes a little more polished and they start meeting the offered timeframe.
The styling talent is fantastic though!

I was a bit apprehensive coming here because there was only one review, but it was close and prices were cheaper than the other places I looked into.
I must say I am super impressed for the following reasons:  1.
Online booking so you can easily see what time fits best for your schedule.
They also have options where you can skip the hair wash and just get your hair styled for much cheaper although you'd have to call in for those since it's not an option on the online booking.
For only $45, they took a lot of care in doing a very complicated updo.
I had Alejandra (sp?
) pictures of what I like, and she really took the time and effort in making it very unique.
It lasted for over day despite not using any mousse!
Curls for me usually don't last for longer than 4 hours, yet this one held up for over a day.
It was perfect because I got my hair done early in the day with a wedding in the evening.
Also, this place looks very nice, clean, and upscale with affordable rates.
If I ever need to get my hair styled, I would definitely go here again.

I made my appointment online which made me very happy.
It was a very easy process and you can select from the different options of hair styles.
I chose one that I thought I would like.
When I arrived for my appointment I noticed in the back of the room there was a girl doing makeup.
I asked if she could fit me in and they were very nice and accommodating.
I got my hair done first and decided to go with a totally different style.
They had no problem with this and were really sweet and took their time until we got it right.
I could not have been happier with the end result.
It was beautiful.
The owner was also there and was very helpful to the staff giving tips.
They all seemed to enjoy and appreciate that.
I had my makeup done by Melissa and she rocks!
She explained everything as she went and was so nice.
My makeup looked so good, I felt so beautiful.
I can't wait to return to Blow N Go for makeup and hair.
The prices are very reasonable and the salon is gorgeous.

Alejandra and Chelsea rock!
These ladies have the patience of a Saint when it comes to dealing with my fro!
They work hand in hand and get faster with each visit.
Be sure to check out the shots of hair fragrance, my personal fave is the coconut.
If you aren't in a rush, the scalp massage is only an extra $10.

I love this place...
They have the nicest girls working there.
The girls are perfectionist and super creative, they also listen to exactly what you like/dislike!!
They're always on time, booking is such an easy process, the price is amazing, and the style last for days!
I have long hair and when they curl it I don't even need to wash it for a few days (or longer) the curls hold and I'm golden for a few days.
The salon is beautiful and clean!

