We've bought two cars here (formerly Biddulph mazda) and we keep coming back because we have the best service advisor.
Zenus is awesome!!!
He is always friendly and up front with you about what's happening with you car.
He's just a super nice guy and all the guys in the service office are.
Bonus: free wifi and popcorn in the waiting area and today they has fresh donuts too.
Downside: they wash the car but don't vacuum it.

My son has been serving our country across seas for the last 3 years, right out of high school.
He hasn't been able to purchase a car of his own.
He finally got stateside and came home to visit prior to going to his new duty station in Montana.
He decided to buy a 4x4 truck while visiting.
We went to every dealership between 15th ave and Bell to 100th ave and Bell.
No one would help him get a used truck for $17k or less.
Our last stop was the cardinaleway..
They had a truck used in excellent condition but the sticker price was a little high.
As soon as we told them he was military they didn't hesitate and got him the truck out the door for the $17k.
I was so impressed with the way they treated my son I came back in the following day to see if they could help me.
My husband lost his job in 2010 and at the same time I became disabled for 3 years.
Our credit suffered and no dealership would even look at us.
Cardinaleway treated me with the utmost respect and I walked out with a smart car.
Thank you so much Richard for all your help and the respect you showed my son and me.

I   was given the bate and switch routine that sleazy car dealers are known for  and I would never recommend CardinaleWay Mazda Peoria Az to anyone

Although the business is clean and the employees are friendly, the service and what is expected is well below acceptable.
This being my first vehicle purchase, the salesman Eddie, not only rushed me through the process, but took advantage if just that.
His attempt to 'hide' defects in vehicles was blatant though he ended up succeeding.
Also all the vehicles which were shown to me were either not lot ready or Junkers to say the least.
After finding the vehicle I liked, shortly after taking it home did I realize not only was it damaged underneath and under the dash, but was unsafe.
Their lack if accountability left me with no choice but to take my new vehicle in for repairs at a trusted shop.
I would not recommend this joke of a show and if I could leave zero stars, I would do just that.
And I don't complain about services though this needed to be voiced.

