This place is state of the art and fantastic!
This coming from a girl who definitely doesn't golf and has only attempted the driving range once in her life.
(That resulted in me being really sore for like 3 days.
) My boyfriend works in the golf biz and we'd been watching the construction on this place like hawks for months.
So glad it's finally open and so close to where we live!
We went during their soft opening last night.
I know the first few days of a business being open can come with dealing with kinks, but all staff/service/amenities were completely up to par (GOLF PUNS!
) and beyond.
We were never left wanting for anything.
Our gal came around plenty of times for food orders, drinks, refills and was awesome.
She was also really knowledgeable about what they didn't quite have available on the menu, since they aren't 100% fully open to the public yet.
A great touch.
(Also?
The bathrooms were PRISTINE.
)  The food was pleasantly and surprisingly great.
I had the nachos, which consisted of individual tortilla chips covered in "drunken beans" and topped with multiple cheeses (yes, queso dip is involved) and green and red jalapenos with servings of guac and pico for dipping.
It was completely delicious.
Boyfriend ordered the "mushi" (think mexican pin-wheel/sushi remix) that he said was outstanding and way more filling than it looked.
I had two glasses of delicious and surprisingly strong strawberry/mint sangria that set us back $5 apiece.
WHAT?
So, onto the actual reason of Topgolf: Golf games!
Like I said, I don't participate but boyfriend and guys we were with loved it.
It seemed glorious.
You can either bring your clubs or used the standard ones they provide (for both men and ladies!
) and choose between different games, i.e., hitting 5 balls in a row into each massive lit-up target on the range, hitting 1 ball into each target, distance competitions, etc.
Each bay is fitted with a TV that follows your score and tracks your balls.
An aside: The view is freaking ridiculous.
Camelback behind you, Talking Stick in front of you (which is all lit up in dancing neon lights now--I'm guessing they realized they have to make it look sweet with all the people staring right at the place while they hit balls.
) All in all, this is such a fun place, and different than anything else available in the area for an afternoon/night out.
Will it become super crowded/overrun with drunks during spring training?
Absolutely!
Will we totally enjoy ourselves during all other times of the year?
Yes!

Flippin love this place!!
I have always been the kinda golfer who likes cocktails and music when I'm out on the course.
Topgolf is my kinda place!!
A place where I can be competitive and enjoy some good cocktails, food and music.
This isn't a golf course, but the way the range and games are laid out you really get the challenge of golf, minus the putting.
Topgolf did a great job with it's staff and the food is great pub grub.
Can't wait to take some more friends and family to my new practice range.
Oh yeah, Talking Stick is right across the parking lot.
GAME ON!!

Imagine bowling and darts combined with golf.
They serve food in here and it's golf driving range combined.
The food was delicious and I have a lot of fun with my mates.
Recommended for hanging out / shooting the crap

The good: Very nice setup, amazing view, the chip ball technology, the game setup, TV's in each bay, music/lighting.
The OK:  Food was just OK, I can't help but relate it to being at the Brunswick Zone XL, it was good but not amazing.
The bad:  Price.
We were there for 2 hours with 3 people, we golfed and ate, it was $225.
I understand if we're on a nice N. Scottsdale course and we spend $100+ a pop for a round of golf and some drinks but to spend this much at a driving range just doesn't seem right.
I most closely relate this to high-class bowling and I can't see spending this much on a regular basis.
TIP:  Don't hit it too far, if you hit over the net they will know it was your ball that broke that car window.
This didn't happen to us but that is what they mentioned.
It seems impossible but a 250 yard high drive will do it.

Whether you want to 'play' or are serious about working on your swing and ball control - TopGolf is your solution.
The evening experience is a melting pot of the cosmic bowling atmosphere, games similar to darts, but with golf clubs.
Erin and Shawn have touched on this side of TopGolf entertainment in their reviews.
The daylight hours are a great experience as well.
Remember the old saying about mullets - "business on the top and party in the back"?
Some are there to have fun, but If you're there to seriously work on your game you will have service better than you'd receive from TCP, Troon or others  The staff are outstanding ( I've had six different bay hosts/hostesses and recommend Valerie or Victoria).
I'm there to work on my game, so the games have little value to me; however, they come in handy for when you are working on placement.
Now, here's the rub - the pricing is really reasonable for the group of 4 to 6 looking for a couple hours of entertainment.
It's not for the individual.
But wait!!!
They have memberships that you can sign up for that the monthly fee is roughly equal to playing for four hours on a pay as you go basis.
They're broken down into three types:  1.
EARLY DRIVE - $80/month and you enjoy unlimited range time from 9am to noon, Monday through Friday.
LATE NIGHT DRIVE - $100/month and from 10pm to close, Sunday through Thursday, you can play unlimited.
Spend 2.5 hours during this timeframe without a membership would cost you $100 bucks; so, its great for good entertainment on evenings other than Friday and Saturday.
DAILY DRIVE - $150/month gets you the unlimited play during the middle of the day to early evening, plus a bonus of $200 in credits towards other time slots.
You won't realize just how reasonable these memberships are until you go and experience TopGolf for yourself.
Whether you are young or old you'll have a great experience!

Such a great alternative to a bar!
Being active or just hanging out people watching.
Love this place, we will be back!

I've been waiting for something like this my entire adult life.
Drinks.
Golf.
Gamification.
Music.
Culture.
This place has it all.
The food is very good, if not stellar.
They've done an amazing job defining a menu that's both eclectic and modern.
The corporate Chef really knows his/her stuff.
Pricing is right in line.
Now, for the golf.
Handicappers on all levels have dreamed of a place like this.
Grab a beer, an iron of your choosing and let the games begin.
Pinpoint tracking of your ball down to the foot and inventive games preprogrammed for quick play.
Looking forward to joining in their tournaments throughout the year.
This place is 5 stars without hesitation.

Great atmosphere, amazing bars and golf and fun and games.
This is where I want to be when the world ends.

I've been wanting to try this facility out and for Fathers Day my wife and son set an hour session up online.
We arrived to a big line waiting on the stairs to get in, to be told we had to buy a"lifetime membership".I thought that was odd.
We waited for an hour and the other feature is they want your driving license, which they claim makes it easy to populate your membership into the computer.
Not convinced about that.
Once we were signed in we went to a third level bay.
The hostess ran through the basics too quickly, but we figured it out.
It was a lot of fun and a clever use of technology to track your shots.
We ordered some basic brunch items which were fresh, hot and tasty.
Cocktails are expensive.
Beer not bad.
My wife thought it was $25 per person before noon, but that was 1 hr in the bay.
Good value actually.
We had fun and even being outside in June, the mister fans worked really well to keep you cool.
All in all a great experience.
We will go back in the evening and maybe they will get 5 stars.
Good job so far TG.

This is a great place to go and hang out with your friends and family.
Drinks are great, food is good, and a great time !
There are 3 tiers to drive from and as long as you remember that you want to score points instead of just killing a ball it's sure to be a blast!

I didn't realize it was opening week.
Came here prime time, Saturday night at 730pm.
Line was out the door and it was about 25 minutes, and it was just to get a membership card.
The line died down a lot later, but I had to wait because I needed the membership card so I could go to concierge in order to put my name in for a bay.
There's a hostess in front that answers your questions as you wait.
At the time, it was an hour-1.5 hour wait, which was fine.
We decided to hit up the restaurant while we wait.
The server got our drink order and wanted to take our credit cards to open a tab but she was gone for about 15 min, and no credit cards and no drinks, evidently the computers went down, which is also fine.
it happens, especially opening day.
But because of the delay, when the drinks and food finally came, our bay was ready, which they let you know via text.
So we told our server, which they will take the food and bring it to your bay.
The idea is pretty good, but the execution needed work.
In addition to our food being moved around, my friend ordered a steak sandwich well done, but it came with a stick that said well done but it was very very pink, like medium rare, so he sent it back, and it was made again and it was rarer than the first!
So the manager came and apologized and remade the sandwich again, and it was finally well done, and they comped his meal.
So, in my opinion, it's opening week, busy as heck, I understand it's probably like Hell's Kitchen inside, and the manager resolved the situation.
So I couldn't give a full five stars on my review.
Entertainment wise - the place was great!
After getting our bay, a hostess goes over the options, answers questions, and how to operate everything.
There can be up to six people playing in a bay and no experience necessary.
You just hit the ball and the closer to the target and further the target, the more points you score.
I haven't been to a driving range in over 5 years, and after a few practice swings, you get the hang of it.
It's just like bowling but it's golf!
You have 20 balls to score higher than your friends.
Afterwards, we played some pool, shuffleboard and xbox games.
Great fun and I totally recommend trying it out!

Came here last night for the first time and had a great experience at TopGolf.
From the second you walk in the door the staff was really friendly, courteous, and knowledgeable in helping you figure out how to get situated.
The facilities are incredible, and the bar on the main level is large which makes for a nice sports bar environment.
They've also got billiards tables, Xbox Kinect, and Fooseball to make sure that even the kids are entertained when not hitting golf balls.
Having three floors of hitting bays is awesome, and I definitely recommend getting on the top floor.
Being able to look out over the field and seeing the targets is really cool.
This is definitely no "driving range", people that would consider themselves moderate to very good golfers should not need anything close to a driver when hitting balls here (okay, maybe the ladies but definitely not the guys).
The experience is more about target shooting and racking up points in their pre-programmed games, not hacking balls as far as you possibly can.
I'll for sure be back at TopGolf, the entertainment value is high for everyone even if you're not into playing the links or taking swings at a regular range.

This place is the beez kneez!
I am from Dallas so I used to go to the original all the time.
Obviously like any business they learn as they grow.
The one I went too didn't have lounge seating, didn't have free clubs at the bays and wasn't three stories.
They get better every time!
Kids love it, girls love it, everyone loves it.
You have to check it out rather you golf or not.

Such a great time!
Whether it's a work function or out with friends to let loose- you won't be disappointed!
Amazing!

Had a blast.
Came on a Saturday night, host said 2 hour wait.
We only waited an hour.
Management very attentive and friendly.
Will be back again.

This place is awesome!!!
Came here last Saturday afternoon with the boyfriend and we had a great time!
Once we got settled in, we ordered drinks (I had the Strawberry Mule and the bf got a beer) and food (chicken with waffles and an order of the cheese beer dip with chips).
The game was sooo much fun!!!
I don't play golf and I had a blast.
We played on the first level but next time we'll ask for the 2nd level.
We'll def be coming back this summer!!!
If your wondering what to wear, wear comfy, casual clothes and sneakers.
Have fun!

Top Golf was a blast.
They have more then enough people on staff to make sure that questions are answered and that you have service at your tee area for drinks.
Everything is reasonably priced.
We went in the evening when the lights were on which was fun.
Shot off the second story.
Things to consider: - Didn't know you have to have a lifetime membership first before reserving a tee.
It's just $5, and I recommend doing it online before you get there.
- With 6 people, one game lasted us about an hour.
So figure out a good pace for playing.

I love this place!
Such a fun thing to do any day of the week.
Hit some golf balls, drink some beers.
What's better than that?
Not to mention the excellent service.
It was my first time and I can't wait to return!
Were thinking about buying a membership :) highly reccommend this place!

Way too much fun.
Drinks, couches and hitting golf balls.
Seriously.
Service awesome and experience awesome.

I'm not sure if this even deserves 1 star.
What a disappointment!
This place always seemed to be packed and offered lots to do but I was completely disappointed after tonight's visit.
I think the food was way overpriced even for Scottsdale and it was NOT very good at all.
I can understand paying $24 for chicken wings if they are really good, but really some were undercooked and with no flavor.
The bartender has no clue, who doesn't know how to make an Irish car bomb?
(Order that 3 separate times and screwed up every time even after we tried to tell him the correct recipe after the first time).
And with all the staff they have walking around the management was terrible and completely inexperienced.
I spent over $400 in the 3 1/2 hrs that myself & 3 others were there and I will NEVER go back there.
With the amount of money you guys make I hope you hire better, more experienced, knowledgeable people that can help you improve your establishment.
I have to say that Cindy Lou & Austin from Mayland (on his name tag) absolutely made this experience some what decent for us though.

Whether it is for Brunch, Lunch or Dinner this place has been consistent!
I have enjoyed visiting Topgolf every time I have gone.
The place has just recently opened but it seems their kinks are getting worked out better and better with each visit.
I would suggest 6 people per bay because of space and time to play.
Food and drinks are awesome and well prepared!
Word to the wise if your planning on visiting for your first time.. Go online to topgolf.com and register for a membership.
It costs $5 which is the same for in store purchase however, it will SAVE you A LOT of time.
If you register online you can walk in and they will print the membership card right away.
Just be sure to have you RE # from the confirmation email!
This is a great place to visit for all ages.
I just recently was there with my twin brother and sister ages 4 and my 83 year old grandmother.
Everyone hit balls and had a great time!
Weekends are certainly the busiest so plan ahead.
Even in this 100 degree weather they have all the bays chilled with fans and misters.

AMAZING!
We took our kids over the weekend.
One of our children has a life threating nut allergy.
When we were ready to order we asked the waitress if they used peanut oil and she said she would check to see.
Not only did she check , the chef came over to our table personally and told us what was safe for him to eat.
AMAZING service what a great 1st impression!
If you have kids and they are not really into golf as much as the parents request the 1st floor area so you can be near the game room.
The kids could play inside and the adults can hang outside.

My only real problem with this establishment thus far is they over serve ppl.
I have seen several men and ladies stumble out, one ending up with a broken nose!!
Inexperienced bartenders not only need retraining on proper pours but a refresher course in basic cocktails.
I love that they have Valet as it is too hot to spend forever searching for a parking space, with membership it is complimentary, just dont forget to tip!
This one guy, John, he runs so fast to get my car I cant help but enjoy the view!!
Tasty food, a bit on the slow side but those kinks will work themself out in no time.

This place is a blast!
Great for parties, you don't even have to be very good at golf to have fun.
It's clean, has great staff, and is easy to start and get going.
Price is decent, and it's Very accommodating for good golfers and beginners alike.
Highly recommended.

Amazing atmosphere, food and games!
Such a fun date night or a night out with friends!
All staff are very helpful and knowledgeable.
There are several games to chose from which keeps it fun!
Cant wait to come back!

Topgolf is a great facility with great staff.
Great concept - makes golf fun for any skill level.
Definitely worth going at night even though the price is higher.
Also try and get the top deck if possible, the view is awesome!!
We will definitely go again soon.

Whether you love golf, hate golf, or just suck at golf (I'm pretty much all three), this place is a blast.
I came here with my siblings for my Dad's birthday upon a recommendation from a co-worker.
Even my sister who never plays golf had fun with us here.
Its not a course mind you, but a driving range with various targets located throughout the range.
The targets are situated at various points from as close as 50 yards to as far as 225 yards.
So no matter what clubs you use or even if you habitually duff your shots, there are still plenty of opportunities to get points.
You can bring your own clubs or rent clubs there.
You pay for a bay at the range by the hour (price varies depending on the time of day) and a computer terminal helps you set up whatever game you want to play with your friends.
We just went with the TopGolf game so we could just let it rip wherever we wanted.
The staff there are incredibly friendly and helped us with any questions we had.
Total cost for a two hour session at our bay on a Saturday morning was $50.
You also have to pay a $5 membership card fee if this is your first time here (once you have your membership card you never have to pay for it again).
Altogether we paid $30 in membership fees.
So split between 5 of us (we didn't let my Dad pay obviously) the total cost per person for our time here was $16.
Considering some actual golf courses charge that much for a single bucket of balls on their driving range, a pretty solid deal.
The driving range has three levels so there's plenty of space (though it was getting busy when we left).
Its shaded and has swamp coolers so its still useful during the summer.
There are also bars at each level serving booze and you can order food from your bay or at the sports bar downstairs (we didn't order any food this time).
If you have a big party or corporate function you could seriously spend hours and hours enjoying yourself here.
In the end my family had a great time and actually my sister beat most of us despite having little golfing experience.
Mark my words, I'll get her back next time.

Had a great time.
Great service.
Too bad its in Snobdale I mean Scottsdale.
Some 60+ old man killed it for me while he was attempting to hit on me in front of his wife and my husband and son.
Can't wait for the Gilbert location to open (where we live) to get away from the Scottsdale vide!!

One of the coolest spots around and I don't golf at all.
Awesome place, technology makes this place amazing, amazing server(Bali)  who gave me a vet discount and pushed me to the front of the line, delicious food and the MAN-mosa was great.
I'll be back many times in the future

Great family fun!
Food is amazing and not overpriced.
Great place for kids and/or date night.

Last night I had planned a bachelor party starting the evening off at Top Golf in Scottsdale (Riverwalk).
I had all the guests get memberships on TopGolf.com to save some time.
Upon arriving there was a line out the door.
I expected it to be busy since they opened recently.
Fletcher at the membership desk was EXTREMELY helpful getting all my friends their memberships cards.
We then were helped by David at the main desk and asked if we could get two spots next to each other to accommodate our party of 8.
I had heard that it can take over an hour to get a spot but within 30 minutes David had fit us in and got us started.
The whole experience was amazing and we all had a great time.
Even my friends that had no golfing experience had a blast.
I will be returning very soon and can't wait to try the other games we didn't have time for.
I feel like the longer they are open the smoother the whole process will become but will recommend TopGolf to everyone I know.
Thank you for making it such a great experience!

If at first you don't get in, try, try again!
This is what I told myself after visiting the first time on a Saturday night only to learn that it was a three-hour wait for a bay (the private golf areas).
The next time we tried to visit, we came at a down time and luckily scored a bay right away!
I'm so excited to see a place like Top Golf come to the Valley.
My only question is, what took them so long and why don't other fun entertainment spots like this open up more often!?
Golfer or not, this is a really fun time and it's family-friendly so Mom & Dad can have a cocktail while the children play!
It's like a driving range meets a bar meets a golf arcade.
Now, if you are a golfer, you might never want to leave and if you aren't a golfer, this might kick start you into wanting to play.
We had a lot of fun and can't wait to continue to visit, especially when the weather cools down!
Here's how it works.
First time you visit, you will go to the check-in counter and buy a card for $5.
This card will serve as your license to golf and that means you can bypass the first counter on your next visit.
You will also pay for the first hour which varies in price depending on the time of day: $25 an hour (total, not per person) from open until Noon, $35 an hour from Noon-5 and $45 an hour from 5:00 until close.
After you've signed up and purchase your card and first hour, they send you over to the concierge where they will set you up with your bay or put you on a wait-list depending on the time of day.
Now that you're set up, you can head over to your bay and start to play.
The bay comes with golf clubs and a private area with couches and misters so even if you don't want to play, you can still hang out and watch!
The bays run by the hour, so when your hour is up, you can pay for another half hour or hour right at your bay, making it easy (and pricey!
)  5.
You will get your own server at your bay and they offer a full bar and full menu of tasty food.
*** If you just want to come and drink, they also have a full bar set-up so you don't have to rent a bay.
****   Tips:  1.
If you're a golfer, you can bring your own clubs.
If you like to play with a glove, bring it with you.
Wear comfortable clothes.
You don't need golf shoes but I suggest you wear closed toed shoes.
I played in flip flops and it wasn't very fun.
If you don't want to play golf, you can still hang out with your friends in the bay while they play.

The actual golf was fun, that part I enjoyed.
The problem I had was with the service in the bar.
Two friends and myself decided to eat lunch inside before heading to the bay to golf.
We promptly placed our order at that's where everything went downhill....  -after 30 min I had to flag someone down to bring us our waters and drinks -after 60 min our food showed up w no silverware or napkins.
We asked for some, and received 1 set....yes, we had to then ask for two more sets.
-we then asked to speak w a manager, who asked what we wanted, let us explain what happened, asked ZERO follow-up questions, said "thank you for the feedback", and walked away.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!!!!!!
Nothing, no empathy, no apology, no interest in digging in to what happened.
"Thank you for the feedback".
Like I said, I enjoyed the golf experience, but would never step in that bar again.. Great Customer service is a culture you foster,  and if the mgrs.
don't understand it,  why would the servers?

First time and had a blast here a few nights ago.
Very unique and interesting way of making golf a bit more fun.
The building is beautiful inside and out.
Staff was very friendly and helpful, considering they've only been open a few weeks... Golfed for 2 hours, ordered food and drinks with our server, delivered right to our private bay!
Fun and practical business concept, I'd love to go back and I'm sure this place will continue to grow in other parts of the valley.

