Great service, clean cabs and the drivers actually were friendly and helpful.
Will make sure to keep their Biz card and call them again.

I have driven twice now with Sun Devil Taxi.
Both times has been with the Manager who has been courteous and friendly.
I have enjoyed the fact that their taxis are comfortable and reasonably affordable.

Sun Devil Taxi is the best cab company in Tempe Arizona.
Best service, great vehicles, new black car service.
Clean, professional.
These guys go above and beyond.
I personally know the owner of the company.

I chose to call this service because of the outstanding Yelp ratings but I must say the dispatcher was short and rude on the phone.
I also needed a taxi (SUV) to accommodate a family of 6 to the airport with bags and they cannot offer a service beyond 5 people.

Got picked up for airport by the manager who was absolutely amazing.
First, there is  good free candy in the car!
Second, there are 7 GPS's in the vehicle!
2 of them are for the passengers to see where they are going and watch the route.
Great service and great quality!
Best cab experience I've had!

I used Sun Devil Taxi Service when vacationing in Arizona for a birthday celebration and was very delighted with my experience!
Eric picked us up in a beautiful brand new SUV with awesome navigation and free candy!
He was polite and timely.
Thanks for a great experience and will definitely use you the next time i visit Arizona!

Yelp's reviews help me pick this company.
When I first called the dispatcher's attitude left a lot to be desired.
But the service the day of our departure was excellent.
Eric, the manager picked us up on time, rather he was early but not uncomfortably so.
This was the best taxi experience I've had in years.
Just work on the telephone customer service.
That helps when choosing a company like this for the first time.
I was thinking about cancelling and finding another based upon the phone experience but I'm glad I was too tired in doing so.
Was very satisfied by the ride.
The SUV is fitted nicely and is very comfortable.
If you need it, reserve it.

