I came out to West Wing for their grand opening  a couple weekends ago.
This place is going to be amazing.
The seating area is open and spacious.
The staff was extremely friendly.
They have a good cigar selection, and that was even before the second humidor was ready!
The food is good...I'm not sure why they serve their filet sliced, but it still tastes great.
Also, the Malbec wine is a winner.
I will definitely be back.

This place is awesome.
They are in a soft opening and there humidor is still getting broke in.
So there high end cigars are not in yet.
The atmosphere is relaxing and they have a oval office set up.
They have a good selection of beers that are unique.
Wine selection is great and priced right  The filet minon was perfect.
The staff is awesome.
Give them a try

West Wing is a truly great place to enjoy a cigar.
I travel all over the U.S. and make a point to visit cigar lounges in all of the major metros.
West Wing is a best in class for sure.
Best in Las Vegas for sure.
If you love cigars, this is your place.

This cigar lounge is at the top of the list.
The atmosphere is incredible and provides for a relaxed yet fun night.
The staff is knowledgable and friendly.
Live music was unexpected and helped make this one of the best lounges I've travelled to.

I was driving down Ft. Apache, minding my own business, when I saw a sign for a cigar lounge that I never knew existed!
I pulled right over and walked in, not sure what to expect and I was PLEASANTLY surprised!
The aroma of burning cigars greeted me just inside the door, but it wasn't overwhelming.
Not too thick, just enough to enjoy the scents.
West Wing is a great cigar spot, with an eclectic gathering of plush leather chairs grouped around coffee tables, creating awesome gather spots for a sit and a smoke.
I wasn't able to find an uncomfortable chair, and to my increasing delight, a FULL bar, food menu and great service!
The following week I took my wife in for our date night, and we had a great time.
The hummus was awesome, the cheese tray was more than enough, and I had a fantastic smoke.
I couldn't ask for anything more.
I haven't been when their live music is playing, but I enjoyed the atmosphere just the same.
We're going again this week, and plan to make it a regular stop.
Awesome, awesome, awesome local smoke stop.

I was looking for a nice place to enjoy a good cigar and I found it!
Alicia was a great waitress.
I will be back my next trip!

I heard about this place opening and excited to have another cigar lounge.
They are currently in soft opening phase.
Inside is pretty nice and open with plenty of space to sit.
They serve food and drinks which is unique as not many cigar spots do.
The humidor isn't a walk in but cabinet style going all along the entirety of the walls with a register in between the two segments.
One of the right wasnt filled yet but the left side was.
They will be getting more cigars soon to fill the right side.
There were a few standards and some boutique selections.
I ended up picking up one stick I haven't seen in other B&Ms,  Price wise, it was OK.
There were some sticks priced right and some should be a bit lower.
The one thing I don't like is that I couldnt pick my own cigar up.
He grabbed one I wanted but it had a imperfection and asked for a different one to inspect.
I was walking to the register with it and he took it from my hand.
Put a card and matches in the bag.
While it makes it easier to carry, I am so into keeping cigars pristine and at another B&M I threw in their card and matches and nicked a wrapper so now it's a no no for me.
The other thing was I was told that Illusione Rothchildes are "rare" as I was being shown the stock.
Its Illusiones budget stick available year around and seen at many local b&ms so I don't understand how out of everything this was said to be the rare item.
There will be live music performances in the evenings most nights and they also offer lockers here.
I will come in once their full stock is in and judge a experience smoking in, and will have a beverage and food next time.

Don't remember why I spent a Friday afternoon here with some friends, but the experience was great.
A decadent decore and presidential suite like furniture, I was extremely impressed.
Our waitress (Alicia) was not only beautiful and charming, seemed knowledgeable about the products and made some very good recommendations.
I enjoyed the mojitos and  sangria.
We were provided with a cheese and cracker appetizer that was to die for.
Unfortunately, I know nothing of cigars and cannot contribute to that area of the lounge.
Still goes to show this spot can be enjoyed by non-cigar smokers at least :b

