Love the chicken philly cheesesteak - especially with horseradish sauce.
Judy's Noodle Doodles are yummy full of butterscotch, crisp chinese noodles and nuts!
Great food and people - thank you Jim  and Judy for opening up your new home!

SO Glad I found these guys again!
In case you somehow don't yet know, after the original Triple Play closed, the cook set-up shop here, adjacent/adjoined to Boodles.
The place is pretty cozy, but it's clean and comfortable....and it's the only place to get your hands on an original Triple Play cheesesteak.
It's every bit as perfect as it used to be, too.
I was near devastated when, after only a handful of visits, the old place cut-off my cheesesteak connection by closing down...and I know I'm not alone.
Well, dry your eyes, Las Vegas, they're back!
So stop in, help re-support a Vegas institution  and take advantage of the glorious rebirth of the undisputed best Philly Cheesesteak in NV.
You'll be glad you did, especially when you see how genuinely happy they seem to have you come in.
And yeah, while I don't think it's the entire oldschool menu, it's all of the classics and favorites....done exactly right.
Booyah!

In a town that is constantly trying to reinvent itself, it's nice that there are still some things you can count on,  like great food and friendly service at Triple Play American Grill.
After the namesake restaurant closed it's doors last December,  several of us long time locals were left with a hankering for some of the favorites we loved for so long.
At the new TPAG the atmosphere is relaxed and everyone is super friendly, but most importantly, our favorite dishes are back!
The tender and delicious cheesesteaks, hearty burgers, stacked sandwiches and even fresh salads for those watching their figures.
Classic American, done right.
We are so glad Jim has found a new home and can't wait to go back!

My parents have been getting these cheese steaks since like 1987.
Ive been experiencing the awesomeness since I can remember (born in 1992).
I was torn apart when I drove by and saw the old place closed.
Ive been checking online periodically to see if there was any news.
To my surprise tonight I saw the restaurant moved.
So of course I called and ordered the same cheese steak Ive been eating since I was 5 years old.
It was everything I remembered and more.
The mushrooms, peppers, and onions were super flavorful!
Curly fries are slightly thicker but otherwise exactly the same.
Bun was different as well, it held up better to the massive amount of topping on this sadwhich.
The inside of the restaurant is cleaner and more inviting than the previous location.
I love this place so much and will continue to go here as long as the food is around.
I will be spreading the word.
If you love a great cheese steak come here!

I wish the place were bigger, like the old location.
BUT...
Same fantastic food!
Same fantastic wait staff (LOVE YA KELLY)!
And now the place is kid friendly since it's separate from / adjacent to Boodles Tavern.

Stopped in for lunch- friendly staff and owner reminded us of all the businesses that have been in this space for the past several years, most recently a hotdog place but way back in '09 had the best damn barbeque ever as Red Apple Barbeque.
In any case, this place now specializes in cheese steaks- so we tried the 5" Moe (grilled onions and mushrooms, my favorite combination) with curly fries and a 6-piece order of the buffalo wings.
Cheese steak was tasty- very literal interpretation of the dish, with plenty of shaved steak and melty cheese sauce woven into the entire sandwich.
Onions and mushrooms were perfect, fresh roll it was served on held up without being too hard or too soft.
Wings were also decent- hot here would be considered mild anywhere else, but they were decently sized and had good flavor.
Service was polite, business began to pick up as we left around 4PM.

Yep...definitely coming back here.
Kelly our waitress was such a sweet woman.
Got our Cheesy Cheesesteak Club card.
:-)

I ordered a big philly with everything and ate it next door at Boodles.
The sandwich was fine.
But for $13, I expect a little better than "fine.
"  I've had better Philly cheesesteak sandwiches elsewhere, and I'm from North Dakota for crying out loud.
Eating the sandwich at Boodles wasn't the greatest idea either.
It's small and appears to have a regular customer base.
I've been treated on a contiuum from indifference to hostility on earlier visits to Boodles.
On a previous visit, I got the stink eye from some wannabe biker guy for about 15 minutes.
Just a heads-up to biker guy...your tough guy facade would be more effective if you were not watching golf on TV.
Jesus.

I'm so excited that I found the original chef from the former Triple Play!
Food is wonderful as usual & so is the service!
Now for Jim to bring back the French Dip or at the very least the Au Jus!
That would make me super happy!

