Okay, Melanie is by far the best person I've ever been to for any injections!
& I have been to quite a few!
I get so many compliments all the time about my lips.
I love her!
I even drive all the way across town just to see her.
Its worth it for sure.
I've seen girls that have really bad lip injections and it gets all bumpy.. Not with Melanie.
She makes sure to smooth them out & make the perfect.
I recommend everyone to go to her.
& she has the best prices.
Everywhere else is like $100- $300 more then her.
I would give her a 10/10 score.

Melanie is the best!
She makes sure you are 100% comfortable prior to beginning any treatments.
She made sure all my questions were answered before we began.
I also liked the fact that the treatments were conducted in a medical facility with "certified" professionals not in a shopping mall.
You can be totally confident in Melanie's expertise and ability.
She has been a specialist performing procedures for 18+ years.
She also understands the biology of skin.
Each time I visited Melanie for my treatments, she makes me feel like an old friend and chatted through the process so it would pass quickly, I was in and out in a flash.
I truly felt like her #1 concern was my comfort level.
I reacted with higher sensitivity in a certain area.
I received Botox injections on my forehead and around my eyes.
I have very sensitive and pale skin.
For ME, I have no discomfort, her injection technique is amazing and doesn't hurt.
If you're really interested in a procedure, but are unsure or have questions, schedule a consultation with Melanie.
This is one of the best things I've ever done for myself!!
Thanks Melanie!
Mrs.C

Melanie is very serious about what she does.
That makes me trust her.
Her technique is flawless hence the name of her company!
Highly intelligent, fab bedside manor and beautiful person.
I would  never let anyone else touch my face!
Love love love her!!

I've known Melanie for a few years and SHE IS AWESOME!!!!
I witness many times the results on her patients until one day I decided to trust her and best thing I ever did.
The real truth is that no one knows that I use fillers except for Melanie.
She is so good applying fillers that is hard for others to notice it.
Also, she is very reasonable in price and will always take good care of you assuring your loyal return and satisfaction.
I love that about her!
Hard to find that same treat somewhere else here in Las Vegas.
I definitely recommend her!!!!!

