LOVE LOVE LOVE Mr Joe and the JSK family!
My kids have been coming here for 2 years!
We love the new facility, it's HUGE, with lots of parking!
It's a great sport to get kids involved in.
Mr Joe is FANTASTIC with the kids and my kids love going!

This place is the Best!!!
Respect, self control, discipline, helping others are the things that are taught every day....the kids love the instructors and love learning.
They have helped my son so much!!!!
So grateful!!!
Love the owners, too.
Great people and awesome place to learn and grow.

I can't say enough about how AMAZING this place is.
My children are 11 and 7.
My 11 year old is not very talented in sports, especially team sports, but I wanted him to be active.
He was also having a difficult time in school socially and I wanted to find something to build up his self-confidence.
Master Joe has a fabulous demeanor and the kids respond beautifully to him.
He know EVERY SINGLE CHILD in his classes, no matter how many attend, and he calls each one of them by their name.
He and his team of Black Belt helpers work with the kids to develop proper techniques and form.
The kids advance according to their skill level, but no child is left behind.
Master Joe even took time to go to my son's school classroom to expose the children to TaeKwon Do.
It was an excellent experience for my son as he used him to demonstrate techniques to the class.
I could tell my boy felt amazing after that session.
This is a family run business, and Kate, Joe's wife and partner works with each family to determine which classes and events will spark your child's interest.
This is an incredibly positive place that I feel blessed to have found.
Master Joe continually teaches respect, focus and control...what child doesn't need to learn some of that??

Mr. Joe and his wife Kate are a great team!
They are professional and so courteous.
It is a great family facility.
A year and a half ago our then 4 year old daughter took one class and said it was the best part of her day.
She is now in intermediate classes and loves it still.
The board she broke in her last belt advancement sits proudly at the entrance of our home (she got it on the second try!
).I wish there was a way to describe Mr. Joe's teaching style that would have the highest praise.
He is as good as a teacher gets and it is probably because he is a father, he gets kids and adults too!.
We have done swim lessons, violin lessons, etc.
and one thing is for sure about JSK Taekwondo.
They are professional, consistent, and  they get to know each of their families.
Sometimes you go to places and you wonder if your money is worth it.
At JSK Taekwondo it is.
If you feel your kid needs a more challenging class, or something is not working well you can always talk to Mr. Joe and Kate they are polite and respectful.

