Just opened and my husband and I had lunch there yesterday.
Great shrimp Pad Thai, tasty and spicy chicken Panang Curry, and the hot and sour soup was a bit thick but very good.
Staff was warm and welcoming.
We will go back.
Not too pricey, $20 for two lunch specials (including warm and crunchy egg roll) and tea.
Clean, nicely decorated and comfortable.

I and my wife went to China Bistro (grand open on Monday) Wednesday (two nights ago), absolutely loving it, the 'sweet n sour' soup was the best, exactly what we are looking for!
The rest of the main courses are just as delicious , especially the curry tastes perfect.
The newly remodeled restaurant is so clean and nicely done.
With the friendly waitress service and the gourmet foods (prices are so reasonable too), can't wait to go back this week end!

This is a newly opened restaurant completely remodeled inside and out in the site of a former Chinese restaurant that just wasn't good -  so much so that I was a bit hesitant to try it out, but I'm really glad I did!
First the restaurant is exceptionally clean, and very well done.
You enter meeting the largest Buddah that I've ever seen.
The staff is attentive and friendly.
The dining room is small, but well laid out with both table and booth seating.
I went with a group of 5, so I had an opportunity to try quite a few things and they were all excellent.
Started with a couple of appetizers - Indian pancake  with a curry dipping sauce, and the Larb lettuce wrap - which came with an amazing Peanut sauce.
For our entrees we had the bird nest chicken and shrimp, thai basil with chicken, pad thai, vegetable delight and the Tom Yum Noodles, each dish was cooked individually from scratch, presentation was excellent, and  each has its own distinctive flavor, and they were all fantastic!
Plates were $9-10 each.
So finally we have great Chinese/Thai food in Boulder City and I couldn't be happier.
I will definitely be back again and again.
Wow!

Best chinese restraunt I have ever been to and have been to many in vegas.
The mongolian beef amazing.
Service and decor excellent.
This place should be on t.v.. You must stop here or you're missing out.
Best chinese in vegas.

Really good.
8 of us came and will return.
The Thai basil, Mongolian beef were fantastic.
Egg drop soup just right Go there

Can't say enough about this new addition to Boulder City.
In the almost 9 years that I have lived in this area, good Chinese food is a dream only to be found somewhere else.
But not anymore.
China Bistro is beautifully laid out with a welcoming feeling that is felt as soon as you walk in the door.
The staff greet you with warm smiles and it is explained that the Chef does not cook in advance and everything is made to order.
Here the food is fresh so it's important to be patient.
The dishes are worth the wait.
So far my family has enjoyed the Summer Roll appetizer, Egg Flower soup, Orange Chicken, Pad Thai, Panang Curry Vegetables, House Fried Rice and Chicken Egg Foo Yong.
Each dish was distinctive and the tastes memorable.
We are looking forward to working our way through their extensive menu.
Boulder City can be a tough place to start a restaurant and I can only hope that everyone will be as excited about this place as I am so that China Bistro will be here a long time.
Highly recommended.

The food here is very authentic.
We ordered orange chicken and green pepper beef.
Both plates are very delicious.
The egg flower soup also good.
Price is very reasonable and staff is very friendly.
Highly recommend everyone to try it out.

Wow, great Chinese restaurant.
We live in Seattle and have many great Chinese restaurants to choose from,  this one is up there with some of the best.
We ordered our food to go since we were just passing through.
The service was prompt, and friendly, the food was hot, fresh, and delicious.
We ordered sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, bbq pork, as well as some other spicier dishes.
Yum, a definite stop next time we pass through.
Do try!

This is little place is your standard Asian restaurant... a mix of Chinese and Thai and a bit of Indian food.
I'm not clear on what makes it a 'bistro' or why it claims to be 'fusion'.
It's a tiny place... and the huge buddha is really too big for the venue.
It hasn't changed much since it was a Thai place a few years ago.
The tile floor means the place is loud with the din of dishes and chatter.
If the place is busy it's hard to hear the people at your own table.
The prices are similar to similar places in Vegas but to me the portions seem smaller (everything in Boulder City is a bit more expensive it seems) and the menu more limited.
I suppose the really important thing is the food and that was OK.
I've had better but I've certainly had worse.
The place hasn't been open that long but on both occasions I've gone the wait staff seemed kind of new on the job.
Nothing bad... just a bit awkward.
Really, if it weren't in Boulder City there'd be no reason at all to go there, but as it is it saves a bit on gas and time for the locals and it's not like Boulder City is rich with choices of where to eat.

We really wanted to like this place given the other reviews, but came away very disappointed.
Service was slow, but they were busy so that wasn't a big deal.
While the Crab puffs were great, the entries were just too sugary (both Mongolian beef and Vegetable Lo Mein).
We have never tasted any Chinese food that sweet (other than something like Orange chicken).
Maybe it was just an off night?

Great little Chinese place.
New management has it together.
Has more staff now to accommodate patrons.
We are always happy stuffed and full.
We will come back.

This is ok for Boulder City Asian food, but it's definitely not anything special when compared to a good Asian restaurant anywhere else.
The service is not great, the food is not very flavorful and my picky husband said "it just tastes like cafeteria food".
Probably won't be coming back.

not really sure why some of the reviews are the way that they are, cuz the food is always hot, delish and fast.

