I am amazed that there is not a single review for VIP for Free!
Well, all I have to say is that you are definitely missing out!
I am the type of girl who loves to do research before considering anything, so when I didn't find much info about VIP for Free, I was skeptical.
However, I figured "what is there to lose?
" so I signed up on their website.
On the day of arrival at Vegas, Danille contacts me and lets me know that a Free Limo will come by and pick my friends and I up to go to Light Nightclub!
Of course I text her back with the hotel and time.
Later that night, sure enough, a Limo picks my friends and I up at our hotel for FREE!
We tipped the limo driver and was introduced to Nick who literally walks us STRAIGHT into the club!
The line was out the door, but we definitely were VIPs for the night!
The next night we were offered to go to Drai's or Surrender, but since Drai's just opened a month ago, we decided to check it out.
Since our hotel was next door, we walked over and didn't use the Limo Service.
Nick wasn't there to walk us in, but he literally called me and told me exactly what to do!!!
We got into the club with no questions asked!!
VIP For FREE is DEFINITELY legit and DEFINITELY FREE!
I loved Light and Drai's!!!
We all had so much fun and loved the service!!
I appreciated the contacts from Danille, the limo driver, Colin, and NICK for doing all this for my friends and me!!
They will definitely be my contacts whenever I am in VEGAS!

I can't recommend these guys enough.
When I first signed up I was skeptical that I would hear back from them, but just as their website says, Danielle texted me to set up our night.
Once you confirm that you are interested in going to the club (we went to Light) the limo driver Colin texts you for you to give him your time and place of pickup.
He picked us up at EXACTLY the time he said he was going to at the Excalibur, the exact minute.
Tip Colin well, he's great.
Colin dropped us off at Light and we were immediately introduced to Nick who walked us straight to the front of the line at Light.
There was a long line but we were walked right up to the front and right in.
The next night we were offered either Surrender or Drai's, and my group chose Surrender.
Colin picked us up at the EXACT minute again, except this time at the Cosmo, and dropped us off out front where we met Nick again.
At Surrender, all of the girls in my group were given wrist bands for free drinks.
I can't recommend their service enough.
If you are planning a Vegas trip and want to enjoy the night life, you're doing yourself a disservice if you don't at least try to use their service.

I used this service in May 2014 for a Friday night.
I had a group of 8, mixed M/F.
I texted Nick that AM, got confirmation for limo pick up and comp entry to Light.
Limo arrived right on time and took us over to drop off at Light.
Only recommendation for limo is to tip $5/person.
Nick, the host, met us right at the drop off.
We were inside the club within 5 minutes, free entry for all if us and bypassed a HUGE line.
Great service, it's legit.
Try it out!

I've gotta admit, I was a bit skeptical about VIP For Free, but my buddy and I used the service back in June while we're were out in Vegas, but it definitely worked as advertised!
I signed up online and the day we landed I received a text letting me know that I could either go to Hakkasan or Drai's that night.
We were already staying at MGM so we chose Hakkasan and not only did we get in free (and save $50 each), but we also got to skip the line.
Even the guys who paid $50 to get in were waiting in line for an hour or so, but we got in free AND didn't even have to deal with that.
I'd seriously recommend this service to anyone.

I honestly think I was the first person to ever have a less than fantastic experience using VIP For Free, but overall it is still a great service and I would use them again.
A month prior to arriving in Vegas I filled out the form on the website and was told that I would start to receive text messages the first day in Vegas.
I did not.
I quickly called to figure out what was going on and they apologized and said they would have no problem getting me a limo and entry into Hakassan that night.
They gave me a time for the limo and when they say 10:05, they mean 10:05.
There's no being late with them which is to be expected as they have other clients to pick up.
As such, part of my group had to cab it to MGM.
We got to Hak and for some reason my name was not on the guest list.
We tried another name, but because it did not match they wouldn't let us in.
After about 20 minutes of waiting, we left and headed to a different club.
While in a cab to the next club, they texted and said they could get us in with a different group, but by that point we had already made up our mind and were upset.
Nick apologized again and wished us a good night.
The next day we got a text saying there was limo and entry to Light and we had already set up table service for Light.
I asked for the limo service only and after it was pointed out about the previous night's issue of not getting into Hak, they quickly said no problem.
Limo was again on time, but this time gave us a little leeway as some of my group failed to wake up.
The limo was great and no issues.
We didn't use the service the rest of the trip, but I would use it again.
My only suggestion is that the week of your trip you call to ensure that you are in fact in the system to receive the text messages the day of your trip.
Everyone was very friendly and they seemed genuinely upset that I had an issue and worked fast to make sure it was resolved.
Next time when I use them I am certain there won't be any issues and when that happens, I will write a new review with 5 stars.
But due to the hiccup, I cannot say it was perfect, and thus the 4 star rating (would have given 4.5 if allowed).

