Will and Erin are amazing coaches and even greater people.
They were among my first coaches in CrossFit and helped me transition into the sport.
Both pay very close attention to proper form and technique in each of their members, minimizing the risk of acute and long-term injuries.
They help the first-timer feel comfortable and the advanced feel challenged.
This is a great place to train!

I met Will and Erin over a year ago when they started Bear Flag CrossFit in Fullerton, CA.
They both cared about the clients that helped to make their CrossFit box in Fullerton a success and there is no reason to believe that their new adventure, CrossFit Black Storm, will not be the same.
Both Will and Erin are strong coaches and motivators to help you get in the best shape of your life!!
Just keep moving!!
Be healthy.

I made the trip out to Black Storm for their grand opening to check it out and hit a couple workouts.
I noticed quite a few things!
All top-end equipment (mostly Rogue) 2.
Qualified coaches with previous experience and knowledge 3.
Very clean and organized 4.
Fantastic prices 5.
Air conditioning keeps the whole gym nice and cool 6.
Convenient website / leaderboard / scheduling / payment system  I have no doubt that owners/coaches will put every ounce of energy into making this gym the best.
If the commute was reasonable for me, I would be there every day!

First time joining a crossfit gym and I haven't regretted it.
Every work out is a challenge.
I feel myself advancing my strength, endurance, speed, agility, and overall body coordination.
I was an avid gym goer and runner looking for something to break up my normal routine for the summer.
I had been looking for a crossfit gym for a while but never really found one that I clicked with.
The owners here are amazing.
They are attentive, informative, intelligent, personable, and funny.
They have been doing crossfit for years so I feel like I have a couple of professional  personal trainers.
Each work out is catered to each of their students needs, no one gets left out.
Black Storm in reasonably priced and brand new.
All equipment is new.
Everything in the gym is new.
And they have a coupon on here!
Better use that up.
If you enjoy being average then stay at home on your computer reading yelp reviews, but if you want to make a step in the right direction and set your self apart form the normal,  you better make your way to Crossfit Black  Storm.

Owners and head coaches, Erin and Will, are building an amazing community at Black Storm.
I've been an on again off again Crossfitter for the past 3 years.
I've been to a few different boxes and left for various reasons.
Lack of community, unknowledgeable coaches, not enough equipment to go around and boring programming.
Crossfit should not be boring!
CFBS is never boring!
Erin and Will are always right there encouraging their athletes to work their weakness.
The box is beautifully outfitted.
Top of the line equipment, including a roomy rig, two full size lifting platforms and four, count them four ropes!
Of course the privilege of having this wonderful equipment comes with some expectations.
Use it correctly, put it away properly and keep it clean.
This right here is the epitome of why I love CFBS.
You and your fellow athletes are held to very attainable expectations.
Each time I walk into CFBS a wonderful new element has been added.
The amenities here are awesome and I could bet they will continue to impress.
There are gender specific restrooms, lockers and cubbies, a small gated area for children with comfy bean bag chairs and a bunch of cell phone chargers.
How convenient!
I am on the run all day, thanks for giving me a place to charge my phone!
You won't regret coming into CFBS for a free trial workout.
Beginners and advanced athletes alike, there is room for every skill level at CFBS.

I have been doing CrossFit for almost 3 years and recently needed to move boxes.
I've been going to CrossFit Black Storm since it open and they're great!
The owners, Erin and Will know what they're doing, great energy, positive people and community and overall want to help individuals become better at the sport, challenge themselves and be healthy.
Box is spacious and great new equipment.
Highly recommended!
Workouts are challenging and the coaches are good at providing the necessary warm ups and critiques to improve form, lift heavy and avoid injury.
It's a fun place to work out and I look forward to every day.
Looking forward to the continue growth and advancement of the athletes.
Lastly, they also provide 101 classes for the beginning and then advanced classes so focus from the coaches can be where needed!

I love this gym so much.
The owners Will and Erin are so passionate about our gym.
It's a beautiful place and incredible equipment.
When I think of CrossFit I think of Black Storm.
It's a community and a family.
We are all striving together to get our personal best and we support eachother to do better.
Will and Erin are very knowledgable and they also are great role models and mentors of CrossFit.
They are very humble and willing to work with everyone to be a better self in the box.
I'm so happy here.
Great AC, especially for AZ.
Clean gym.
Rogue equipment and great prices.

