Visited this afternoon to try out the sushi menu.
I wanted to try Tempura Rolls on sale along with California Rolls with Cream Cheese.
Chef did not have Cream Cheese,  so I went to the grocery store and bought some to place on my California Rolls.
Taste was good, sushi was wrapped tight and the price was about $12-$20 cheaper than other places in town making for a good value.

This is the new occupant of the space formerly occupied by Ray's something or other blah blah ramen.
I never made it out to that place, but it must not have been that good if it closed shop.
My first visit was a few nights ago.
I went with the beef sukiyaki plate for $7.49 ($5.99 bowl cost).
The clerk claimed that their plates have a higher portion size than the bowls, but I'm not buying it after seeing my friend's beef sukiyaki bowl.
The beef was pretty good, and so was the noodle... but since it comes mixed with noodles and then a whole bunch of rice, I really felt meat-deprived.
I did like the green salad with dressing and the extra-peppery macaroni salad, but I'm not sure that the combination is worth the extra $1.50 for me.
I came back today for a chicken teriyaki bowl ($5.49).
There is absolutely a ton of chicken.
I liked that part of it.
What I didn't like was how the flavor seemed to disappear toward the latter half, as if there wasn't enough teriyaki sauce, or enough of a strong sauce to last.
And it's more or less one note of flavor, as opposed to my favorite lunch spot in this area.
There were a couple other tables at times during the dinner, but it was pretty quiet during what would be the peak of dinner at more established places.
And I was the only one there at my after peak-lunch stop.
Haven't tried the sushi yet, so let's say this is only a review of half of the restaurant.
There's some candy on the front counter that I haven't tried, and also a bento box and a "specials" board, so browse those if you try out Ninja.
I'll give it a generous rounding up of 3.5 stars.
It's a good lunch spot if you're in the area, nothing more.

This place has the most authentic gyuudon (sukiyaki beef and rice) in Las Vegas.
It tastes more like Yoshinoya beef bowl in Japan than the real Yoshinoya thats close to UNLV.
The chicken tastes very good too.
The people are very nice and polite.
They run a clean business.
It's well worth the trek from UNLV.

I ordered a chicken bowl spam roll and a California roll ...
The chicken bowl was horrible the meat was not quality I instantly bit into grisel and the teriyaki sauce wasn't even good it tasted like peanuts....
I took two bites and threw it away .... Than the spam roll was not impressive and and should probably have teryaki sauce in it...
I ordered to go so idk if it's like this when u eat there but I've never ordered sushi from a resturaunt that gave the wasabi and ginger in pre packaged packets ....
The California roll was ok ....
But in general the sushi was albertsons quality ....
I will probably never eat here again unless I'm dying for a California roll and all I have is 3$ but not likely

We had read a review in the Review Journal and it was The Neighborhood Pick of the Week.
We live very close by and we are Seniors and were thrilled that there is a neighborhood restaurant so convenient to our home.
We were so impressed with the lunch special which consisted of a California Roll and 4 slices of Sushi with Salmon, Shrimp, Tuna and white fish.
The value was so exceptional for the excellent sushi.
We returned on Monday at dinner time and they were nice enough to give us the same lunch special at dinner time.
We want to try the Bento Box also very reasonable with a variety of Japanese Food.
The owner Masa has outstanding background, having cooked at some of the best Japanese restaurants in Las Vegas, Including Nobu at Caesar's Palace.
Masa and his partner are so friendly and we had a good conversation with them sitting at the Sushi Bar.
Besides sushi they have a great Japanese menu,.
We expect to return to Ninja very often.
The restaurant has several tables, besides the sushi bar, is exceptionally clean.

The lunch special is a good deal~ California roll and four pieces of nigiri sushi.
The shrimp tempura roll is also tasty.

