Incredible aroma when you first walk in the door.
Luiz Oliveira, the creator is genius!
He goes down and buys coffee beans from Brazil and roast them on property, what a concept!
You will not be disappointed.

This is my new favorite coffee spot on the strip!
The customer service is amazing!
I asked their barista about the coffee and then found out he was the head roaster, he introduced himself as Cedric and then explained the different types of coffee they had.
I'm so thankful he was more than willing to tell me about their teas etc because I couldn't decide and even made some get suggestions!
I got there signature drinks, it was way better than Starbucks.
I'll definitely be back!

I love the Nutella latte it is awesome!
The barista is amazing and does a really nice presentation, he drew my name on the latte pretty impressive designs too.
Do not waste your money at Starbucks, this place is the best!!

I'm a coffee snob and this is the best coffee on the strip.
They do a great traditional macchiato

I came to Vegas with Sambalatte on my itinerary and had planned to try out the flat white, cortado, and nutella latte.
However, my first day I ordered their flat white and got stuck on it.
It's so good!
I've never tried a flat white and did a search on Yelp and didn't find any in Houston (I did find cortados in Houston though), so I made this a priority.
The drink is probably around 6 oz.
They recommended this with whole milk and so I went with it.
The foam is evenly distributed throughout the drink, so it tastes really creamy.
I had no need to add anything to this drink - no sweeteners, nothing.
It really was perfect.
It doesn't come out piping hot and no scalded milk taste here.
It was smooth and indulgent.
I really still can't get over this place.
I wish they had a store in Houston!
I'll make it a priority to try their nutella latte and cortado the next time I'm here, but not without ordering my flat white first.

I will start off by saying that this is excellent coffee and the times I've visited the lattes have been delicious.
The last time I visited I really got shortchanged on what by all accounts is an expensive latte.
The top of the foam was an inch below the top of the cup and of course the actual drink is another inch below that - so what I got was a half cup of latte.
My wife's was slightly better but only slightly.
I can understand a new barista that doesn't quite have the ratio down, but for the price the drink should have been replaced.
Instead, it was dropped off on the counter and the staff member bolted.
I will probably give this location another shot, but was unimpressed this go-round.

Always get a sugar free latte.
Sooo good.
I love the long pours for the espresso shots.
Staff is always pleasant and chatty.
Also, they have a terrific patio on the new Monte Carlo plaza to sit and enjoy your drink outside while people watching.

Love this place.
Escape from the mundane corporate world of Starbucks coffee which is around every corner here on the strip.
Their coffee is for serious drinker.
The atmosphere is great, awesome Brazilian samba music in the back ground.
The staff is nice and efficient, place is very clean, and had an outlet at every table..   Definitely recommended!

My bestfriend is a barista, and she fell in love with this place!!!
We tried their Nutella desert, OMG it was to die for.
We sat outside enjoyed our iced mocha latte, with our desert Nutella, and people watched.
The patio is so love to just sit and enjoy :) The most authentic feel of a coffee house I've felt in a long time!
Most unique I love having coffee here

I stay at the Monte Carlo quite often and it's always been McDonald or SBux at the food court in the morning for me.
Sambalatte is definitely a nice option to have in the new outdoor area of MC.
A gourmet cafe, Sambalatte serves up espresso drinks and single origin, via pour or vacuum.
Got to watch the barista make the vacuum coffee several times.
It does take awhile and it is best to ask baristas on the single origin they have for the day.
My go-to here is the iced latte.
Espresso here is great and love the milk they use here.
Milk is very milky but the flavors of the espresso still comes through.
There's also some food items, but selection's not too big.
Ham & cheese croissant is great and the chocolate croissant is tasty when warmed up.
I do find myself getting food at McD after getting a drink here though.
Price is definitely on the pricey side.
A large iced latte and a ham&cheese croissant is over $14.
Was pretty shocked, but it's to be expected.
What's not overpriced in Vegas, especially on the Strip?

I think its great that the Strip casinos are finally starting to bring in successful Las Vegas businesses rather than plugging in foreign concepts.
I arrived at Sambalatte on a Saturday morning after strolling through Monte Carlo's new "Park" concept.
I do have to say that it is a pleasant environment with small cascading waterfalls and trees providing shade and a buffer from all the traffic on the Strip.
Sambalatte offers lots of seating both inside the cafe and outside (great for killing time and people watching).
I redeemed an offer from MGM's My Vegas Slots facebook game for 2:1 drinks at Sambalatte.
*Note* If you are redeeming rewards, you have to go to the mLife players card desk first to unlock the offer.
Prices were high, but not unusually so for a Strip facility.
I got a large iced americano that came out to be $5.
The menu had lots of other latte options, teas, smoothies and single-origin coffee too.
Overall, I was very impressed with the ambiance/atmosphere of the place, and will be making this my go-to coffee spot on the strip for future trips.

The only coffee shop worth going to on the strip.
Real espresso drinks and great ambience.
They are the only place in town that can actually brew with Chemex, pour over, aero press, and the new Steampunk.

I think I've just found a place to work.
This Sambalatte location is amazing.
It's facing to the Strip but not too crowded.
They even have the power outlets on the walls and some tables.
Their espresso drink is consistently great every time, which is massively important to me.
I would happily pay $5 here than $4.5 for other Starbucks locations on the Strip.
Sambalatte, BLVD Creamery, 800 Degrees Pizza, Yusho... all these new places add values to this area and I find myself visiting Monte Carlo far more often.
And Sambalatte is on top of the list.

