If you like legos, you must go here.
The store is kind of small, but they have all the current collections.
They even carry all the hard to find large sets (simpsons, death star) They have a better selection than Legoland!
There is an area where you can build a custom figure, and an area to buy individual bricks.
Go buy some legos!

New store located in the Fashion Show Mall.
Opened on April 4th.
Small store but tons of stuff.
This place would have been a heaven for me when i was a child.
Best thing i got as a child was Toyz R Us and i rarely got to go there too.
Tons of different sets of various sizes and age groups.
Different themes.
Pricey sets.
from age 1 1/2 at like $15 up to like $200 a set for the more complicated ones.
The back wall also had different bins of pieces of different sizes and shapes.
You fill up a cup (like yogurtland cups, the normal and large size).
price varies from like $8 to $15.
Should be able to fit quite the few pieces in those cups too.
Good place to check out if you are a Lego fan.
Get's quite warm and stuffy when there are a lot of people inside X_x

Bring your kido/s in .. Have fun building, they love making the mini figures.. Its such a great use of time..
Very friendly staff too!!
This is fun for toddler boys with their dads.. Only thing is- there is no seating area/ i wish there was so its more comfy fr the builders to stay & hang out coz it does take time

This store is really cool!
Love going in there before a shift, to relieve stress... Who doesn't love Lego's?
From the minute you walk in, you're greeted with energetic, fun people!
They make people of all ages "Feel Like A Kid Again!
"   The selection is really good...
Since Vegas is a Travel Destination, it would be cool if they had some discontinued sets.
The prices are comparable with any other retailer.
However, they have way better selection!
I love this store, wish there were more locations.

Hello childhood!
It's been a while.. well no..
I am in Vegas, so it's been unleashed... but it ran wild here.
Oh I have always wanted to be one of the people paid to put together the beautiful scenarios in the display windows.
Sadly, the price tags in these stores.. and on every piece of lego these days.. does have a way to kick that child in the guts and steal his lunch money.
That said..
I did replace a stolen favorite character of mine from Junior High.. and splurged on a 8 dollar key chain with Boba Fett on it.
Absolutely love having it at my side always now.. that said..
I don't think I can bring myself to buy a new set anymore.
My wallet isn't that thick.

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(166/365) "Lego My Lego!
"  Who hasn't played with Legos as a child!?!?
Everywhere you turn, legos of all shapes, forms, colors, and sizes, sets you can build from lots of different themes depending on your age, and even your wallet(some of these sets cost a pretty penny!
) The Star Wars section is my favorite, as well as the different displays they have around the store.
You can also build you own figure and/or purchase a 3 pack of custom made figures.
If you have kids age 6-14 you can drop by the Lego store on the first Thursday of every month for a free mini model build while supplies last.
For the month of July, it's a small truck, and for August, its a Monkey.
Bring the kids out for a fun time and a free toy!
SAVE THOSE DATES-July 3rd and August 7th!
The workers are very nice and helpful and will take care of any and all your Lego needs.
Be careful though, you could easily spend some time and money in here!
ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4

