Welcome to the community.
Took our dog Gracie in without hesitation and with no appointment.... wish them all the success!!

It's a cute place!
Very clean and the staff is very nice.
My dog is neurotic and really freaks out around other animals or if she's crated.
I was grateful that the staff worked we me to find a time where I could bring her right in and pick her up right when she was done.
I dropped her off promptly at 8, and she was done 35 mins later!
They'll be our "regular" place from now on.
Just a note...if paying by debit or credit card, you are unable to add a tip to the charge slip (maybe you can if you mention it before they run it, but I didn't).
I felt bad I didn't have any cash on me and couldn't add it to the bill especially because they were so accommodating and did a great job.

SO glad to have a new groomer so close to home.
As soon as we walked in I was already impressed.
It smelled good and was super clean, it had a welcoming vibe.
I wish I could remember the name of the lady who talked to us, but she was so friendly and asked us lots of questions and gave her recommendation of how she would groom our dog.
She knew what she was talking about!
A few hours later, Rocky was ready!
My husband picked him up and said Rocky was playing when he got there and not in a crate.
I love that!
Rocky is actually happy today, he usually has a day or 2 of acting weird after getting groomed.
I can't say enough good things, I felt they actually cared about how Rocky was going to look/feel, not like the other place that seemed like they were just trying to get as many grooms as possible.

Welcome to the neighborhood!
I just picked up my shiz tzu & yorkie and they both look awesome!
The shop is very cute and clean!
Best grooming experience in a long time!
Dogs were in the play area waiting for me when I got there, not in crates.
Will be back next month!

We were excited to learn about this place since it's close to home.
We scheduled an appointment and dropped off our dog.
It was cleaner than another groomers we frequently take our dog.
When we picked up our dog, we noticed some areas that weren't trimmed (belly area) but figured we could do that at home.
After an hour, my wife noticed our dog licking his paws.
In two areas our dog was cut.
One paw was quite red and swollen.
I understand this can happen but the groomers should have let us knowing when we picked our dog up.
We decided against going back since they are not honest.

