Good service.
The food is Mexican but looks like is prepared for not Mexicans, the taste is good but the way that make it is not right at least the chilaquiles are too crispy and have to be more soaked in salsa is just to short on the salsa, the orange juice not good taste like sunny D.

Slow service.
Skimpy portion sizes.
Cheese enchiladas had barely any cheese in them.
My asada burrito had virtually no meat inside.
They do not offer shredded beef burritos.
Very disappointing.

Food is horrible.
Soggy French fries, hardly any meat in the burrito.
Best bet is to order just the chips and salsa.

We had wonderful service!
Great food,  timely,  wonderful variety,  awesome staff,  clean- I'm wondering why our experience was so much different than the other 2 reviews.
Pleasantly surprised we gave them a try, will definitely will be back soon!

Had lunch here today.
Very good and reasonably priced.
The salsa that they bring out is a mango delicious and not the norm.
I had the veggie wrap which was beyond delicious.
The food presentation was not your normal Mexican restaurant either.
I will return.
Suggest you try it.

Great place.
Super nice, good service and yummmmmmy food :) it's all brand new, awesome atmosphere and the staff is great.
Everything we had was really good.
We will be back, our new favorite!

We live close by and couldn't wait for this place to open!
Our first and only time eating here was pretty disappointing.
Although service was fast and the staff were friendly, the food was not very good at all!
Meat was dry and bland, salsa was watery...
Overall poor quality or just old food!
Too bad because this place looks nice and clean but they just need new cooks and recipes??

We decide to stop by last night and give this new restaurant a  try.
We stood at the counter for several minutes and were not greeted by a host or server.
There was a staff meeting in the bar area and they paid us no attention.
We left without being acknowledged by any employee.
With all of the excellent mexican restaurants in town, we probably wont bother with another attempt.

I went to this restaurant for the first time a couple of days ago.
I must say the atmosphere is nice, the manager is great and the other staff is also wonderful.
Oh yes, the food is very delicious!!!
For dinner I had chicken & steak fajitas, along with fried ice cream for dessert.
The portions were plentiful and the food was fresh & satisfying.
I will definitely be returning very soon!

This place was a Mega Cafe, a Coco's and Mi Tierra, prior to becoming Fiesta Chips and Salsa.
I don't think they will be around long, Mi Tierra had much better food, at much more reasonable prices.
Mi Tierra charged $7.50, including taxes, for a beef chimichanga, sides of rice and beans, with guacamole, sour cream and pico de gallo on the side, with iced tea.
Chips and Salsa charged $12.00, including taxes, for a burrito with a little shedded lettuce and a small slice of tomato on the side, with iced tea.
As I said, if Mi Tierra, selling better food at lower prices, went out of business, I don't thinks Chips and Salsa stands a chance,  That being said on with the Yelp:  They start you off with chips and salsa, no surprise there.
However, you would think with the name Chips and Salsa, they would have good chips and salsa, they don't.
The chips were cooked wrong, they were cooked at too low a temperature for too long.
The result was over cooked, on the edge of burnt, oily chips.
The chips were so oily, they were shiny, as if someone poured oil over them.
The salsa was okay, nothing to write home about.
With salsa in their name, you might think they would have brought a variety of salsas for the chips, (Mi Tierra brought two kinds of salsa and bean dip to go with the chips, while you were deciding on what to order and while they prepared it.).
I had a Grande Meat Burrito (carne asada), it was okay,  Carne asada, rice, cheese, beans and pico de gallo, in a flour tortilla, though I didn't notice any cheese.
It was not served with any sauces, I would think a place with salsa in it's name would want to showcase their salsas, guess not.
Although size is relative, the grande burrito was closer to medio, than grande.
While there I heard several complaints from people, on the lines of " there's suppose to be guacamole served with this" or " I specifically ordered this with the sauce on the side, they put the sauce on it and tried to scrape it off'".
So apparently the kitchen doesn't know what's on their menu or how it's served and have trouble with simple requests.
I assume the servers corrected the mistakes, but it's always more impressive to get it right in the first place.
As near as I can tell, I got what I ordered, so it appears I was lucky.
The server checked to see if I needed anything else, refilled my tea, etc.
so I have no problem with the service side.
I gave an extra star for the server, a girl with dark red hair, or they would have gotten a one star.
There are too many good Mexican restaurants in town, to settle for what they offer at this one.
I won't be back.
Update:  Angie M.commented, "hey wen did u went to fiseta and chips salsa and wht time   u should talked to the main manger " [sic]  In my response to Angie, I took the time to translate into English, corrected the spelling of fiesta, corrected the business name and answered her questions.
Que lastima (what a shame), this may account for the mistakes people were having with their orders.

Came here about a week ago, and it was pretty good.
I believe the place just opened up, so they didn't have alcohol available yet, but they were working on acquiring a liquor license.
The place is very neat and also very spacious.
I believe they are adding in a patio area as well.
The owners/employees are very attentive and very nice.
Come check this place out if you want good and authentic mexican food, in a quiet and nice part of town.

While we did think the food was better than many local Mexican restaurants that doesn't make the food good.
Anyone who thinks this is authentic cuisine has probably never had authentic Mexican food.
At best this was American Mexican.
We had the trio fajitas and he shrimp was very tasty, the steak and chicken were fair.
The beans and rice were bland.
For a place called Chips and Salsa those two things were only adequate and we can get better by buying those things at Cardenas market.
We would say the house margarita was nice and strong.
So while better than most local Mexican places in LV, really not memorable at all.
So we will keep looking.

.Were very anxious to try this new restaurant, but unfortunately we were very disappointed.
The cheese enchiladas were very dry and the sauces did not have a very good flavor.
Hopefully it will improve, if they survive.
Salsa ok far from the best we have ever had.

I just want to start off by saying that I am not excited to be writing this particular review.
I was super excited to find that a new Mexican restaurant had opened RIGHT next door to my condo and even more excited to have received an awesome BOGO coupon.
My fiance and I headed right over as soon as we got the opportunity and that's when the excitement was over.
First of all, with a name with "chips & salsa" in the title one would think that they would be wowed by the chips and salsa, but nope.
The chips were average, similar to Fresh & Easy's brand and the salsa was not to our particular liking.
I never expect to like everything, but a variety would be nice... none of that though.
Moving right along to the entree stage... my fiance ordered the nachos and I, the steak fajitas.
The nachos were sad, cold, the cheese was not melted and the chicken, flavorless.
The fajitas were beautiful and the steak was tender, BUT the tortillas must have been bought at Albertson's and the rice and beans were blah.
Overall the staff was super nice, but the food was not great and seriously lacking in flavor.
I truly hope that things improve and the food gets better.
I would love to have a close Mexirant that we could frequent, but for now I will keep looking.

We stopped in a month or so after the remodel that was recently completed.
First off, they did a great job with the interior.
Nothing off the charts design wise, but everything was new looking, and clean.
That always helps.
Started off by ordering drinks.
We had a regular margarita and a mango margarita.
Both were tasty..nothing totally over the top.
We ordered the guacamole to pair with the chips & salsa.
The guac was really good, something that I can't say I was expecting after eating their bland chips.
Personally, I think they need to kick it up a notch with their chips and salsa.
They are just sub-par.
We walked in expecting knock your socks off chips and salsa because they are called FIESTA CHIPS & SALSA.
Their chips and salsa is equlivent to maybe...fresh grocery store quality.
However, our entrees were great!
I got the shrimp and cheese enchillada with green sauce.
My boyfriend selected the carne asada.
Both came with the usual rice and beans.
The portions were more than enough.
We definately felt satisfied after our entrees.
Someone else had made the point that this is not "authentic" Mexican, and they were definately correct.
The good is good, though, and you won't leave disappointed.
The prices are pretty on par for the quality of the food.

The sweetie and I finally made it in to try some tacos.
First, let me say I'm a seasoned veteran when it comes to tortillas chips, and salsa.
I found the chips excellent in consistency AND flavor.
The salsa was mild - but very flavorful.
I usually like my salsa with more heat,  but this salsa was pretty good.
My sweetie ordered a soft taco trio.
I ordered chicken hard shell taco / with rice & beans.
Sweetie loved her asada tacos.
My chicken tacos were excellent,  and filling.
The rice was flavorful,  as were the refried beans.
The service was very good.
The seating is spacious.
The prices were a tad more than Pepe 's, and Robertos,  but the food is a cut above and worth what you pay,  in my opinion.
We liked this restuarant, and we will be returning.

