So, they just opened, we went to try it out.
We sat in the bar area at this table with a long wooden bench that was not very comfortable.
They had four really nice looking booths, but they were already occupied, the rest of the tables were in the bar and were mismatched and didn't look very comfortable.
We sat and waited and waited and waited.
We saw two servers talk and discuss who was going to take our table and yet no one came over or even acknowledged us with a smile or anything.
Another couple came in and sat down and they got menus at least from a less than friendly server.
After waiting almost 8 minutes w/no acknowledgement, we got up and left.
With this kind of service, I don't know why they even bothered opening.
There are too many good restaurants in Las Vegas to waste our time and money to be ignored.
This was a disappointment since we have been looking forward to this place re-opening since we live just up the road and we used to go there a lot when it was the Outside Inn :(

4 stars for service, 3.5 stars for food, 2.5 stars for interior/ambience (but only because there's no non-smoking section)  We ordered the salt crusted potatoes and fried pickles to start.
The fried pickles were awesome!
The server said the chef makes the pickles in house, which was impressive.
I have to admit that the salt crusted potatoes didn't look very appetizing, but with the dipping sauce, they were better than expected.
My husband got the short rib Philly, which he enjoyed.
I got the hanger steak sandwich.
I ordered it med well (yes, I know I should've gotten it med or med rare but I can't eat undercooked beef) and it was verrrry tough.
But the flavor was excellent!
The server also brought out house-made ranch for our fries which was great!
The interior space is mostly taken up by a large bar and there are a lot of TVs, if you're a sports fan.
There are a few booths and a handful of tables, but the tables had ashtrays on all of them, which makes me think there's no non-smoking section :(.
Luckily there weren't any smokers near us.

Meh.
Menu is a bit too much for a "sports bar" it's a beautiful place and it's a fun place to be but the food is a complete let down.
The chef is supposedly from Bouchon in the Venetian but it doesn't show.
Gnocchi was gummy and bland.
The garlic shrimp were muddy, over cooked on the outside and partially raw on the inside.
The pig ears were a step away from jerky treats from petsmart and the manager staff was drinking at the bar during service hours.
The chef has a big head and needs to be knocked down a bit or replaced.
Gotta say tho, the pork rinds were the best thing we had...beside the beer.
The beer Mac and cheese wasn't bad either.
This place still needs a lot of work and prices need to be kicked down.
I recommend eating somewhere else before coming here to catch the game.
Unless the kitchen gets their stuff together and realize that this place is a sports bar in a residential area...it's not going to last 4 months.
Not to mention there are only two girls behind the bar that actually give a damn, the rest are useless.
The pregnant blonde and the tall skinny brunette are awesome though.
And the owner is pretty hands on and really nice, he's there all the time.
All in all...We all want Outside Inn back.

Came here to check out renovation, and was a bit surprised with the huge change.
Everything is much more modern and colorful than it was before.
The décor was nice and a little bit on the trendy side even.
We were very impressed with the bountiful amount of flat screen TVs everywhere and the huge one on the side wall.
Which is great for watching the games.
Aside from the bar, they had booths, dart boards and what appears to be a 2nd floor, maybe PDR?
I'm not sure if there were pool tables; I overheard someone else wondering about that too.
As far as service, the bartenders were cool.
As far as prices, their drinks are reasonable.
$4.50 for my vodka-pineapple & $4.75 for Miller Lite.
We didn't try their food as we came from dinner.
The only thing that we noticed that it was pretty bright inside despite it was around midnight.
A little unusual.
I would say the ambiance would be better if they can dim the lights a bit.
Also the manager asked us to move as a patron wanted to play the machine.
We looked around for a spot as the bar was pretty full and he finally pointed some spots across the bar by the draft taps.
When we moved there, we noticed that it took a while to get our drinks re-ordered.
Maybe because we were behind the taps, so no big deal.
Overall experience was good.
Drink prices are reasonable, bar was nice, & service from bartenders was pretty good.
We will come back.
We also think this place would be great for the games.

Went here with a few friends because it's right down the street from our house, we frequented The Lodge before it was this place.
We got a table next to the bar and waited patently for our server, about 15 minutes later a waitress  slowly came over and handed us menu's.
She was very nice and polite and pointed out their draft beers which we ordered 2 pitchers.
We had one friend that wasn't drinking and he was promptly brought water.
The beers on the other hand, took about 8-10 minutes.
When we got the pitcher it was half foam, we were pretty disappointed.
So we poured our drinks and waited for our server to come back.
We asked about the foam and she said we were going to get (1) free beer..
Which was brought also extremely foamy.
We ordered, and everything was extremely over priced.
(In my opinion) and they weren't serving desert at 10.
I enjoyed my steak sandwich, but my buddies didn't enjoy what they ordered.
They only offer wings in increments of 4.
The wings were pretty good.
The atmosphere was nice.
Great music and all the local sports on the TV.
After we ate; we played darts, which was fun.
Overall this is a fun place to go and have a beer.
I wouldn't recommend the food due to the price.
Only giving two stars instead of one due to our waitress being extremely polite and helpful.
(The beer foam was not her fault)

I had so hoped this bar would be awesome because it's less than a mile from my house, and I've been looking forward to making it my go to neighborhood bar.
After months and months of waiting for them to finally finish renovating, both the food and service were a disappointment - and I didn't even walk in expecting much.
There was no online menu, but since all the other reviews commented on how the food really didn't match a sports bar, I thought it could be really good.
An overly ambitious sous chef who came from Bouchon sounded promising as hell.
I was impressed when we walked in and saw that the daily taco was duck confit with chorizo, and only $4 for 2!
Unfortunately, execution on everything we ordered was kind of a fail.
Duck confit is almost always good, but I wouldn't have known that was chorizo if it hadn't said so on the board - assuming it's house made, and the spices weren't there at all.
There was also so much creme fraiche that it overwhelmed everything else.
I would maybe order it again, but more because it's so cheap than for flavor.
Potato skins are pretty standard bar food, but they tried to fancy it up with fried croquettes, that I assumed would be potato, but ended up containing liquid cheese with fatty bits of bacon in it.
The potato skins were burnt and the portion was ridiculous - it really was 1 potato skin (1/2 a potato) cut into 3 strips.
It was a typical potato skin, nothing special and for $7 I wouldn't suggest ordering it.
I also have no idea why it's called potato "skins" on the menu - because it's actually a singular skin, not plural?
Duck confit pizza (which actually should be "pizza") was in reality a flat bread - they could argue that it was an extremely thin crust pizza, but that would be a bs.
There's a fair amount of duck, lots of goat cheese, chopped dates, a really sweet mostardo (like fruit chutney) and a couple things that weren't mentioned - huge dried apricots and dried whole chilis.
This was an ok dish.
The chilis and savory balanced out the sweetness somewhat, but not enough.
I like heat, but it really also needs to be mentioned in the description that the whole chilis are on there.
We were told that "everybody loves" this dish, but I wouldn't order it again.
Deviled eggs were good, but can you even screw that up?
Maybe with too much salt.
But that was very good and only 50cents each.
Service was friendly from 1 girl, but I think the pregnant bartender just looked like she wanted to go home, which she did later as she just left without closing out our bill, or bothering to say anything.
We were at the bar but ignored the majority of the time.
After trying to flag down someone to pay the bill for 10 minutes, we had to get up and give it to them at the other end of the bar.
They refilled my friend's water constantly, and my drink was cheap only $6 and pretty strong.
Those were probably the only positives of the night.
And they have lots of big TV's, so this bar will be good for games.
But since I don't watch sports I likely won't be coming back.

I've never heard of this place, but am always on the look out for hidden gems in town.
Unfortunately, although this place may be hidden, it is not a gem.
My friend and I decided to order and share a few items from the menu.
We got the duck confit tacos, which were a daily special, deviled eggs, duck confit pizza and potato skins with croquettes.
None of the food we ordered was amazing but I did enjoy aspects of each dish.
The duck in the pizza and tacos was really good, but the other items in each dish left a lot to be desired.
The tacos needed a little more flavor.
The tortillas were a little dry and the tomato and creme fraiche were bland.
The pizza, which was more of a flatbread, was good but overly sweet.
My dining companion came across lots of chiles on her slices but none of mine had any of that.
The goat cheese added a nice savory flavor, but the fruit definitely overpowered this dish.
The deviled eggs were good, but very basic.
I would recommend these at 50 cents each.
The potato skins, which was basically half a potato cut into there measly slices served with three sad little cheese croquettes.
These were the least appetizing of everything we ordered.
Drippy and watery cheese inside a fried ball.
I would not recommend this dish in the least.
Service was ok at first but once it was time to settle our bill, it took forever for someone to pay any attention to us at all.
It was even more annoying given the fact that we were sitting at the bar.
The menu is ambitious, but lacks in execution.
This would be a great bar to enjoy watching a game or fight, but I don't think I would have much reason to return.

After a long anticipated wait for this place to open, I finally got to go for a lunch and a late night bite.
Very friendly and cool staff.
Very clean and inviting sports atmosphere.
I loved it.
Food was great.
Unlike all of the crappy subpar bar food in Vegas, this is actually worth spending the extra couple of bucks for.
It is quality.
Had the kale salad, yes a sports bar with kale salad....and I will be back just to order it again.
Also had the goat cheese pepper, very tasty and found myself scraping my plate clean.
I don't understand the naysayers on yelp about this place.
I guess those are the yelpers that just always complain and use yelp as the forum to do so.
Shame on you all.
My opinion, if you have a legit complaint, bring it to the attention of your server, bartender, or manager and give them the chance to make you happy.
Otherwise if you don't, it's your own fault.
They've only been open a week.
This place is good and is a local place that I plan on spending lots of good times in.
Cheers!

I have to give it three stars because while my food was amazing, my girlfriend's food was awful.
The decor of the place is pretty cool and from our vantage point sitting in one of I think 5 booths, I could see at least 7 TVs, all playing different sports channels.
We sat down and the waitress came over and brought us menus and asked what we wanted to drink.
Now even though it was a holiday, Easter, we decided not to be day drinking at 11 am.
So we both got orange juice.
Looking over the menu, the choices are not very extensive, but from viewpoint, as long as the food is good, who cares how many selections they have?
I decided on the French toast which they described as being done bread pudding style.
I didn't know what that meant, but since I know I like bread pudding, it sounded like I would enjoy it.
My girlfriend ordered the breakfast sandwich with sausage.
For being a Sunday morning and we were one of 8 or 9 customers, the food took a little longer than expected.
When it arrived, I was pleased with how mine looked and smelled and after the first bite, I was very impressed.
Definitely try the French toast if you go.
My girlfriend's sandwich and the hash browns that accompanied it were definitely not as appealing.
The bun for the sandwich was either very old, or the toasting process made it stale.
Either way, it was terrible.
The hash browns also were very flat.
And by very, I mean they may have stood 1/2 inch off the plate.
So overall, I'd return, but my girlfriend may not.
Might as well try something new and see how you like it!

This place is going to be awesome.
Love the food, people and the ambience.
What a neighbourhood bar should be.

We have been there several times since it opened.
Every time we have gone it has been outstanding.
We have had almost everything on the menu.
I have to say our favorite thing is the wings.
There is no where in town where they have better wings.
The steak sandwich is amazing along with the pork belly appetizer.
The service has always been spot on.
They are friendly and quick to make you feel at home.
If you want better quality of food while enjoying the game, this is where to go.
It is worth the extra money.
The food is great and the service is good.

Great food and great service.
Fun and friendly environment.
Tons of flat screens with all the games.
Sporting life bar is the breath of fresh air that the local bar scene is missing!

I was excited when the place opened.
If you love all that is sport you will love the place.
Not a bad seat in the house.
They have a ton of really nice flat screen tvs.
The decor is clean and inviting.
Yes - A bit bright.
I'm sure that can be fixed.
I thought having a live betting odds board was a cool touch.
I enjoy sports gambling and knowing the latest information while I watch the games is cool...especially for not being in a casino.
I love football and can't wait to see what the place does for the games.
Personally I think the food is a breath of fresh air!
I think the menu has classic "bar" food everyone knows and loves.
Create your own burger, nachos, potato skins, wings, french fries, (which you can get loaded) and two types of steak sandwiches.
They offer things you don't see on traditional bar food menus as well.
Hello Pork Belly?
.50 cent deviled eggs?
Personally I like duck and glad to see you can get 2 duck tacos for $4  The wings are super delicious.
You get 4 WHOLE wings.
Which for those that may not understand 1 "Wing" includes a wing, drum, and flapper.
I was told the wings are confit in duck fat then fried crispy.
The meat literally falls off the bone and the skin was crisp!
I used to live on the east coast (Jersey) and I saw they are making Scrapple.
That is something I've not seen in years.
I can't wait to try the Scrapple when I go for breakfast.
I guess if you want the boring everyday pub food you eat at PTs there is one on every corner right?
I'm giving the place 4 our of 5 stars.
Mostly because yes, it was a bit bright for a video poker bar.
The AC was blasting and it was a bit cold and the men's room smelled "perfumy" which I guess is better than the alternative.
The bar service was outstanding.
There was a bald guy behind the bar who was attentive and had a sense of humor.
The other bartender was super nice and had a great smile.
They both seemed down to earth and friendly.
We didn't sit at a table or interact with the other servers.
I for sure will go back again.

on the 20th, someone mentioned on facebook that there were bad reviews on yelp.
since then, there have been nothing but glowing 4 and 5 star reviews.
think the owners got their friends to pump them up.
I do.
c'mon yelp.
I was there.
not impressed.
menu is way too ambitious for a sports bar.
some people may like that.
I don't.
overpriced and off the wall menu.
maybe that's why they won't post it on their website.
owners need to make up their minds.
do they want to be a neighborhood sports bar like they claim, or do they want to be an upscale, overpriced, overrated bistro gastro pub in a neighborhood location.
if I want to get ripped off I can go to the strip.
i'm looking for a true neighborhood pub.
hope they go in that direction.

For a place that's trying to be a sports bar, their set up is all wrong.
They have a ticker, which is a cool idea but what's the point when you can only see it from one small section of the bar?
There are two rows of big tvs that go around the bar, unfortunately if you're sitting at the bar you have to strain your neck to see the top row of tvs.
They should have angled the top row down so you can actually view them.
As for their food, the items I've tried I've enjoyed.
The short rib is pretty great and the duck confit pizza was decent, nothing too exciting.

I've been here three times already and I will probably continue to come back here.
The location is a great spot for me.
I can even walk from my house to get here.
The bar is set up very nicely.
I love the tiered TVs surrounding the bar.
I don't really think there's a bad seat if you want to watch a game.
The service was good.
The staff was friendly and courteous and prompt.
The beer selection was good and priced fine.
I do like the food here too.
So far I've had the Chicago dog and the pork sandwich, both of which were very good.
I know where I will be on Sundays come the start of football season!

We have been waiting for this place to open up, and the wait was worth it.
The food is amazing.
Better than any "average bar food", it's a great MEAL.
You aren't overwhelmed with a huge menu, but a great selection of appetizers,  entrées,  pizzas, burgers and salads.
Chef Daniel is awesome and made it a point to introduce himself.
His food is fantastic and the service is superb.
There are plenty of huge flat screen TVs, and if your game isn't on the bar volume they give you a speaker so you can hear whatever game you want to watch.
Plus,  they have great steel tip dart board set up, which is the icing on the local bar cake.

Local friends brought my wife and me here for dinner tonight, and we enjoyed ourselves very much.
I felt moved to write a review, but first I was curious to see what other people had written.
I think it's hysterical that a few days ago, some guy who has absolutely no identifying information on his profile besides a generic first name posted a two-star review that says nothing about whether he's ever eaten the food at Sporting Life, only that he believes all recent good reviews must be coming from the owner's friends.
The funniest part (to me, anyway)?
It's the only two-star review he's ever given.
All five others are one star.
Apparently he likes Sporting Life twice as much as anywhere else he's ever been.
:-)  Anyway, to my review (and I assure you, "Brian," I'd never heard of the place OR the owner before tonight):  It was nice to see a pretty good variety on the beer list, and I had a couple of pints of Czechvar.
The duck confit pizza really is more of a flatbread, but semantics aside, it was outstanding.
Generous helping of savory duck, sweet dates, and goat cheese to balance the extremes.
Before that, we enjoyed some great deviled eggs - not your grandmother's mayo and pickle juice deviled eggs, but a step beyond and worth taking the leap (and absurdly inexpensive).
Fried pickle chips were in a crisp batter, not greasy, and surprisingly not too salty.
We also got to try a pork belly over polenta that the chef was trying out, and it was outrageously good; I hope he adds it to the permanent menu.
I also got to try someone's tomato bread - not quite bruschetta, but something very close, and deliciously subtle with an ideal amount of garlic.
We wrapped things up with bread pudding, easily one of the best I've had (though it was a little odd to see it arrive shaped like a brick), and accompanied by salt caramel ice cream.
Listen, I appreciate that people have a pretty fixed idea in their heads what a sports bar ought to look like and serve, but there are burgers, wings, steak sandwiches, and plenty of middle-of-the-road beers on the menu for people who aren't terribly adventurous.
If that's what you want to eat, eat it - why should you care what else they serve, or be threatened by what their other customers are eating?
If you want a place that ONLY offers The Six Foods Every Sports Bar Serves™, I'm pretty sure there's a Hooters not far away.
In the meantime, they've got a good array of TVs and a wide variety of sports on the screens in addition to good food and drink, so it works for me.
In addition to one or two poker trips every year with my wife, my new job will be bringing me back to Vegas once or twice a year as well.
Whether I'm/we're staying on the Strip or not, Sporting Life is going to be a standard stop for us as long as they continue to serve creative, quality food.
And for gosh sakes, I might even have "just" a burger one of those times.
I'll bet they're pretty good.

Oh Sporting Life Bar, how I love thee.
Those pickle chips are something I just can't live without.
I've been here many times since the opening.
Note that the lighting situation has been rectified and is much better.
Short version - Food is phenomenal.
Nearly everything is made in house (bread, pickles, sauces, etc).
Another place where I've never had a visitor be disappointed.
They are all in disbelief that you don't pay strip prices for such great food/drinks and atmosphere.
Pros: Clean and modern.
A zillion TVs.
An upstairs room that (for no extra charge) would be perfect for Fantasy Football draft parties amongst other events.
Awesome sports scoreboard/odds ticker.
Affable and competent bar staff (thank you Mouy, Mailman Mike, Doogie, Scooter, Mia, and anyone else I've missed).
Good beer/liquor selection and reasonable prices.
Nice patrons.
Purse hooks under the bar AND a few non-gaming bar seats.
Sometimes I like to be at the bar and I appreciate a non-gaming seat.
This place also has a great filtration system.
Never smells smokey.
The food...   Generally I'm a meat and potatoes kind of gal.
Not terribly adventurous... until I tried the food here.
I've had about 70% of the menu and not only has the food been consistently fantastic, each item is mind-blowingly good on its own or in concert with the other items.
I can't believe that I don't have to drive to the strip or pay strip prices.
There's something for everyone on this menu.
If you want standard wings and burgers, Hooters is right up the street or you can hit a PT's or Putters.
If you want quality, you come here.
Chef Daniel's menu is adventurous and such a welcome change.
Don't let the other reviews fool you; the standards are also on the menu (wings, burgers, chicken sandwich, etc) and can be prepared to your liking.
The difference is the quality and attention to detail.
You can play it safe or try something different without breaking the bank or dressing up!
My favorite items: Pickle chips (my addiction) Salt crusted potatoes (tiny potatoes and a cheese dipping sauce!
) Duck Confit pizza Short Rib pizza  Tomato Bread Pork Rinds and Pig Ears  Pork Belly w/pollenta (first time I've ever had pork belly... and I like it!
) Marinated Skirt Steak (ohhhhh so tasty) Kale salad  Bread Pudding w/Salted Carmel Ice Cream Fried Ice Cream Calamari and Mango tacos (daily special)

The 2 stars are because it is close to home.
The food tasted frozen and microwaved.
It was dry and lacking flavor other than salt and a heaping mass of goat cheese to mask their poor excuse of a fancy gourmet salad.
The bartender and waitress although friendly were unattentive.
The lighting/atmosphere caters to single 40+ year olds with a gambeling problem and no life.
Management disrespected /embarrassed the bartender in front of guests....unprofessional!
We will never go back and will tell our friends as well..wait staff get out while you can!

Heard a lot about this place and I was highly satisfied!!!
We ordered the Deviled Eggs and Wings to start and let me say this, they both we fantastic.
Wings are the best wings I've ever had in this city.
We got all the different styles of sauces on the side and loved them all.
If you're looking for an Asian infused type, then get those for the wings other than that any way you get them, they're tasty and served to perfection.
For entrees we ordered the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich which was huge compared to what I imagined it.
Full of flavor and the pesto sauce that comes on it is delicious.
We also got the chicken sandwich and that is amazing.
It was served with a sunny side up egg and once you bite into it, the yolk pops and gets soaked but by that wonderful homemade brioche bun.
Tasty and so yummy.
We got French fries and house field greens salad as our sides and got the best homemade French fries, non that you can get anywhere.
Plus the house field greens and homemade vinaigrette goes so well with that portobello mushroom sandwich.
This ain't no typical sports bar and lounge type of food, it's in a caliber like no other.
You will never find a place like this here in Vegas.
It's clean, great atmosphere, friendly wait staff, great bar and great management team.
I got to meet one of the owners there Scooter and he was absolutely friendly and personable with us as we had dinner.
He checked in and see how things were going and we let him know!!
Troy was an awesome server and local boy from Hawaii.
He loves serving his guest and has passion behind that.
He definitely shared with us the "aloha" spirit.
Thank you gentlemen for making our first visit there a memorable one.
Highly recommend and let me tell you don't listen to those people who are so anal about certain places and try to compare them to others.
It's unique, different and something's people can't take.
Change is great and this place really changes your aspect and outlook on your so called "sports bar.
" Thank you again Troy and Scooter, we will be back!!

I REALLY wanted this place to be good, I was a regular at Outside Inn and I've been waiting for this place to open back up.
My girlfriend and I have been here 4 times and the visits have gotten worse every time.
The first time we came was for breakfast one morning and it was excellent.
The only thing I disliked was the Mac and Cheese small plate ($6 or $7) was maybe 3 bites.
It was advertised as small plate so I can't really complain and has since been moved off the small plate menu so maybe its a little big bigger now.
The hashbrowns were excellent and the bacon and toast tasted great.
The girlfriend ordered the strip steak sandwich and said it was fantastic.
The second time we came here, the eggs were runny and the hashbrowns were not nearly as good before but still decent, can't expect the same cook to work every day.
The problem we had was with the waitress.
She brought out eggs we didn't order but we said its fine, we'll eat them.
When the check came, the eggs were on there which was expected, but so were an extra order of hash browns which we didn't order nor receive.
It took a few minutes to explain to her that hash browns CAME with our order and she was double charging us.
The third time was late on a saturday night.
Eggs were runny again and the hash browns were terrible and tasted like burnt french fries.
On the fourth visit it was for dinner so we decided to venture towards real food instead of the steadily declining breakfast food.
I ordered the Philly Steak Sandwich ($11ish) and she ordered some sort of salmon dish (I think it was $19).
My Philly was the 2nd worst one I've ever eaten (coincidentally the worst is right behind it at Prima Pizza), and I've had Cheese Steaks from easily over 100 restaurants and bars.
Her $19 salmon plate came out and she commented that it was the tiniest salmon shes ever seen.
I told her its probably really good then for the price, she took two bites and didn't want to eat it anymore because it was burnt and oversalted.
I had to force her to finish it so it didn't go to waste.
Every time we come she orders the deviled eggs and loves them.
I would recommend only going here if its before noon and only getting breakfast and just expect the eggs to be runny and you'll be happy with your visit.

Best graveyard bartender in Las Vegas.
Great for winning,  and celebrating.
Great beers, amaze foods.
Eat bread pudding.
Or order duck ...
Yes duck at a gaming bar.
Make your gaming worth while.
And get real.
Say hi to Jason because he rocks.
Get ready to have fun.
And if you are lucky I'll be here picking the tunes.

Hidden gem in south Vegas.
They have Estrella Damm beer and outstanding food.
Great place to hang out and watch sports.
It is a magisterial place.
Check it out!

Most sports bars offer chicken wings and sliders, bar top gaming, and the ubiquitous Golden Tee machine.
But how many of them offer braised pork belly served on top of house made polenta, or a braised beef short rib Philly sandwich?
Sporting Life Bar has taken a sort of casual gastropub approach, where both the food and beer selection is of much higher quality than your typical neighborhood bar, but the pricing sits far below your typical menu at self proclaimed gastropubs.
I was admittedly hesitant to eat here based on some previous reviews, but either I have wildly different taste in food, or maybe the kitchen has gone through some recent changes for the better.
Deviled Eggs were basic, but at only $0.50 per egg, it makes for a cheap snack that comes out fast.
The Braised Pork Belly with Polenta was a winner, nice and tender with a sweet glaze that had me wondering if I should get another order.
I also tried a daily special, Korean style short ribs served with house made kimchi.
The ribs had a good kalbi flavor, and they were quite tender.
Trying to take one bite meant having all of the meat fall of the bone effortlessly.
Beer selection here is good, with Brooklyn Lager, Ballast Point, Ommegang and Green flash being offered on draft.
Drafts I've had ranged from $4-$6; not too bad.
Bottle selection is decent too, including Deschutes, Kona, Dogfish Head, Duvel and Stone.
You can also get a flight of three beers for $10.
How many sports bars do that?
Outside of food and drink, they also have a Tuesday night pub quiz that starts at 7:00pm.
On Wednesday nights they have two rounds of darts tournaments, at 7:30pm and 12:30am.
I haven't been to either event, but the main reason I first came here was to play darts, and they are serious about it.
An entire wall lined with cork holds four steel tip dart boards, and the throwing line is built into the floor; it's not just a strip of tape on the ground.
House darts are of better quality than at other bars, but it seems that most people who come here to play bring their own dart sets; again, people are serious about it here, and it's a cool spot that caters to it.
While not located in my neighborhood, the combination of good food, good beer, and good darts has easily made this a locals bar that is worth driving to.
Not only is this a sports bar that the southwest deserves, it's one that it needs.
Proof that a bar does not need to be a generic, cookie cutter chain that starts with a P and end with a T.

