I was pleasantly surprised, and I'm very hopeful for this place!
After seeing a handful of restaurants come and go in this location, I truly hope this one sticks around!
My friends and I stopped by for happy hour, even though this place is still under it's "soft opening".
We had beer and wine, and then ordered some bruschetta, a meat and cheese plate, hummus and an ahi tuna panini.
All of the food was very tasty, and the drinks were equally delicious.

I thought the food tasted great.
The staff was attentive and I am excited to have a good wine bar and have the large variety of Craft Beer.
My Turkey Panini was delicious, Ahi and Chicken entrée was enjoyed by others at my table.
Since we were there during the soft opening, I wanted to give feedback: -Maybe more varieties for bruschetta.
We didn't get to try any, when we ordered ,we were told they ran out.
-The Mac and Cheese had great flavor but hardly any noodles.
2 people at my table ordered it and were disappointed given the price.
We only intend to give feedback, not complain, because we know Unwined will be great, and the neighborhood needed a nice wine bar.
We plan to visit often.

Let me start with RAVE reviews for the staff.
We stopped by last night (Fri) at 7:30 and the place was packed.
We were informed that this was a 'soft opening' but the buzz is clearly out there.
They don't even have the sign up over the door yet.
From the moment we stepped in, the front desk staff were informative, attentive and offered great suggestions for food.
Our server (Nikki) was efficient and suggested 3 really good wines to go with our food.
They were out of a few food items and the staff was very apologetic about it.
We had no trouble making a couple selections from what they still had.
I ordered the green apple and fennel salad and will make the drive back there just for that item alone.
Cheers to the creator of that mix of sweet, tart and crunchy goodness!
Then we tried the braised beef Panini.
Beef was melt in your mouth but I'd suggest taking that out of the panini and giving it a place of honor on top of a pile of mashed potatoes with a veggie side.
My companions ordered the Caprese Salad and rated it 'good' because after tasting my Apple Fennel salad, well, nothing was as good as that.
This place is way out in the foothills and a bit beyond my normal HH range but I'll be back again in a few weeks to see how they are doing.

just shared a bottle of La Fin Du Monde.
Great food, rotating craft beers and 50 wines and owners and staff that learn your name and treat you like family.
you're crazy if this isn't a regular hangout for you.
it is for me.

Friendly staff and good happy hour prices.
Love the setting.
Family style bar and a bleached brick wall along with the "vintage" Tim roof make this a pretty cool place to hang out for the evening.
Live music on the weekends.
Very popular at night.
I hope this place makes it.
With the Perfect Pear across the street, this part of town is getting some class.

I really like this place!
Great happy hour specials from 11am-6pm EVERY DAY, and open later than most places in Ahwatukee.
Also a little classier than some of the other nearby options.
Very cute decor and relaxing atmosphere.
Great for a date night or girls' night out, but I've seen families with young children there, too.
I've not yet tried any of the entrees, but I liked the appetizers and salads that I've tried quite a bit.
The kale salad and diver scallops are to die for.
The bruschettas are ok - the apple pecan and brie is a little bland but the fig jam is very good.
The green chile hummus is also delicious.
The service was prompt and friendly.
We've never had to wait to be seated.
I really hope this place sticks around for a long time!

I have been there 3 times and it keeps getting better.
The 1st time there (Friday night) was week 1 and our waitress was brand new.
We waited way too long for our food but I do have to say it was worth it.
I had a Flat Bread Pizza and my wife had the Bruschetta.
Both were excellently prepared and tasted great.
They have my favorite beer, Odell IPA on tap so that's a big plus.
The 2nd time (Friday night) we went our waiter was also new but he gave us far superior service.
When we arrived around 6:00pm it was about half full but when we left around 8:00pm it was packed.
We had the Mussels as an appetizer and they were good but the sauce they came in was GREAT.
I could have put that on a shoe and it would have been good.
For Dinner we had Mac and Cheese which so far was the best thing I have had there.
My son had the Ahi Tuna Panini, again very well prepared and quite flavorful and his Fiance had the Scallops which were very good with excellent flavor.
I had the Odell IPA again and my son said his Cocktail was a little light on the JD.
The last time we went in was for Mothers Day Brunch.
My wife received a free Mamosa which was nice.
To start we ordered the Zeppoles, which are fried balls of deliciousness that cam with a berry sauce.
There were 4 to an order and they were the size of small baseballs and the sauce was very tasty and just added to the flavor.
I asked for a side of honey and while it was good the berries were better.
I had the Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict and my wife had the Brioche French Toast.
The Salmon was excellent but it was a little cold.
My wife's french toast was very good and she highly recommends it.
All in all it is a great gathering place that I hope makes it given the location has been so many different restaurants.

I love That we have a nice place to eat and have wine around the corner from my house.
We were skeptical as the places that have been in this spot before Unwined have not been very good.
We went for drinks and apps to check it out with our one year old.
They even had high chairs.
I was surprised.
I ordered wine and my husband ordered beer.The server was nice and brought the drinks promptly.
It was happy hour so the beers were 4 dollars and the wines were 5 dollars.
We then ordered bruschetta and hummus with pita.
The food was fairly good.
And we ended up having to chug our drinks because my one year old finished eating bruschetta and then had a meltdown.
We will definitely go again.

Ok, I hate to call shenanigans on my fellow Yelpians but shame on you for giving the reviews for Unwined that you did.
Or at least most of you.
Are you all friends of the owners?
We just tried it.... Based upon the reviews.
Our server basically knew that there was white or red wine, both kinds.
...that's about it.
We ordered hummus and they brought us something more like what I expect out of a baby food jar.
Not like any hummus that I have ever had.
We called it at that point.... No reason to continue that experience.
Headed over to the Pear for a good meal and experience.
The Tuke needed a good wine bar.... And it still does.
Don't waste your time here.
A new place will be here soon.
Take care

Great atmosphere.
love the cozy sitting area in the back.
staff was Nice ans responsive.
didn't eat on this trip but will be back

Walked in on a Sat.
night about 3 weeks ago and headed right to the bar.
Sat there for a good 10-15 min.
with both bartenders looking at me but not acknowledging me.
Finally, one says "did you want to order something?
" ....
I said "that was the plan" and then he says "oh, why didn't the hostess give you a menu?
I hate it when they do that".... Ok, I've walked into a lot of restaurants and headed right to the bar and Never has a hostess chased me down to give me a menu...
It was a lame excuse to make up for the fact that I was being ignored.
Ordered a glass of wine and the Meat & Cheese board, nothing special.

Been their twice.
Great drinks and ambiance.
Had dinner one night and it was really good.
My wife gets hummus at restaurants all the time and she is demanding I go try theirs.
She loves it.

A friend and I stopped by for Happy Hour and some dinner last week.
Very nice bar area, open, inviting and classy.
The Happy Hour specials were very nice.
We were able to get a great bottle of wine for $18.
We ordered two different types of the bruschetta both were outstanding.
We also enjoyed the Mahi panini, delicious.
We were invited to attend wine classes later this month.
The classes were reasonably prices and we are looking forward to attending.
Overall we will surely be returning.
Great little spot tucked away in the Foothills.

We stopped for a quick bite and the food was amazing, much better than we expected.
My husband ordered the scallop risotto and he was thrilled, said it was the best risotto he has ever had.
Happy hours prices were good and service was great.
I hope this place stays around a long time.

I do not understand all the rave reviews.
The bruschetta had a huge glob of fig jam which threw the flavor out of balance.
I would have preferred a spread over a huge amount of jam.
Craft beers are delicious, however I feel as though I can get them at a better price at somewhere like postinos.
I feel as though they are copying postinos, but don't have it figured out like them.
The service was really good I'll give them that.
The kellerweis on draft was delicious.

I really, really, really wanted to like this place and hope they can work the kinks out and stay in business.
However, it's a long shot if they keep their current manager.
I've been here twice, once with my hubby on date night; looking for a romantic place to enjoy a glass of wine and some much needed convo.
Manager sauntered over, had a seat in our cosy corner and proceeded to complain to us about his employees and how much more work that put on him!
Well, you're the manger yo!
Next visit, I brought my family.
We did not know ahead of time, but they were having a free wine tasting hosted by this same manager.
He wrongly assumed that we were wine newbies and arrogantly shared his vision to bring wine education to our community through his hand selected wine list...
Which of course, wasn't the same wine list he would choose for himself.
When not serving wine behind his wine barrel tasting station, he sat playing on his phone.
Yikes!
I wish I could say the food made up for the poor experience, however the bruschetta (low cost, high profit item) we all shared, was flavorless.
Hummus was the highlight.
Overall look and feel of the place is clubby and warm.
Unfortunately, cheap table chairs, while nice looking, are uncomfortable.
Even though this place is needed and welcome in my neighborhood...
They need to bump it up!

