First, I would like to say we crashed their soft opening for their family and friends.
But they welcomed us  in anyways.
We had the chicken and carne asada tacos.
They were wonderful, it was like a real street taco.
Everything your looking for a soft, cheesy corn tortilla filled with beans, meat and all the yummy fixins.
I will say I am a meat snob, I loved the carne asada.
It was tender and had a real savory flavor...secret recipe??
It was really great.
It was so yummy I am taking the kids over today, so we can be a paying customer.

Based on their viral attempts alone, I am giving this place five stars.
The food will be consumed in the next few days and I will report back in the findings.
Let me start by saying that I am a big fan of small business and the entrepreneurial spirit and I hope these guys succeed and are successful.
I think these guys can probably make it.
Before I go into the food, I have a couple of suggestions:  1) Maybe more sound deadening material, everything was hard surfaced and it got loud.
2) Bring the food to the table, don't make me get up to get it, and then have it be only half of the order.
3) Put the menu by the food so people can look at it and decide what to order.
Or don't display the food like a Chipotle where we are conditioned to try to order our food from where the food line begins.
You can have it over by the register, but put it by the food too.
I'm sure you are constrained by the layout, but you should consider it.
4) Put up pictures of the food.
For $2, I figured you got more than one mini taco.
5) Why no salsa bar?
Those things are the bee's knees.
The red and green salsa on the table was really not all that impressive.
Why not have the soda dispenser out on that counter there where you just have the napkins and such?
6) Remember, friends and family will tell you that you serve the best food ever, and truth be told, a customer will say the same as they probably aren't that interested in engaging in a discussion at the time.
Tonight when asked, my answer was a bit ambiguous, but that was intentional, as I was eating dinner and then had some place to be.
7) Maybe do business in the office, looking at register polls and sitting in the dining room when a dinner rush is supposed to happen doesn't give off the right vibe.
Especially if there is grimacing over the register receipts.
8) I say spend less on advertising and more on the preparation of the food.
If it costs a few bucks extra to cook everything to order, at least initially, you'll make more on word of mouth than any other form of advertising.
Cooking to order doesn't have to take an excessive amount of time.
OK, the hype outshined the product.
I know there are a few highly rated reviews on here, but I do  not concur, and apparently Yelp!
doesn't either.
First thing I noticed aside from the fact that I thought I had walked into a Chipotle, is that a mini-taco is $2!
For a quality product, I'm fine with paying this, but most placed you can get 5 better tacos for $5, and the carne was not up to snuff.
A better value for the money is the nachos, but watch out.
I had some chips that were BEYOND salty.
This was $6.50.
A regular carne asada taco is $4.
Again, nothing to write home about.
So in fairness, all that was sampled was the carne, and it was disappointing.
Personally, I like carne right off the grill, this place puts it in little pans that sits in a steam table and it stews.
You go to El Pollo Loco and usually that chicken is right off the grill, never have I had meat that sat around in stewing in a steamer.
It can't be that hard to make this stuff to order is it?
Maybe you have to bite the bullet and cook this meat to order, that's what people want, not the same old meat that's been sitting in the warmer table that really everyone else does.
Maybe if you were doing a colorado or verde, that would be understandable, but you are selling grilled tacos.
Not grilled then stewed until someone comes in to order them tacos.
When you guys were doing your tasting and recipe making, did you make the meat, sit it in the warmer and then eat it 20 minutes later or did you grill it and eat right then?
I've given my opinion and no doubt others will disagree and of course that's fine, hell, I encourage it.
Again, I root for small business and I'm rooting for you.
Hopefully these are just growing pains.
The three stars is really to give them the benefit of the doubt.

Lately I have been trying hard to get my kids out and try new places, sometimes that goes over well, other times it doesn't.
Tonight, it went over very well.
Don't get me wrong, there is much that others might criticize about the place, but I think that most of that could actually be some of the place's unique strengths.
I found Frijoles to be refreshingly unappologetic.
The location: Opening a new place in Vegas can be a gamble, especially a place away from the strip and tourism.
In this case, that is a good thing.
This place isn't for the tourists (although they are missing out if they don't seek out the unique in Vegas), it is for the natives.
The menu: There are some unique options on the menu, such as tongue and "cabeza.
" The meat options on the menu also are in Spanish only, and the cashier had to translate them for my kids.
Again, this did not bother me at all, because for us it added to the experience.
Tongue is not something that my kids are used to seeing on menus and their disgusted reaction was exactly as I expected it to be, but I like that the place caters to a specific crowd and isn't out to please everyone.
The setup: This is an easy one to pick apart, as the line and ordering are different than most are used to (and by most, I mean the Qdoba/Chipotle/Cafe Rio lovers).
This is one thing that I would not say is a strength, but it is not necessarily a hindrance either.
It is a bit awkward to walk in past the food and not really be able to see the menu until you are up to order, but that is only an issue the first time, after that, you pretty much know the menu for any repeat visits.
Fast food?
: This is the one critique that I will make on which I would like to see some improvement.
The food did come out to us piecemeal and it did take some time.
One child's nachos came first, followed by another's fries, then the last three dishes came out all at once.
for the first 2 dishes, my number was called and I had to get up to get them, the last 3 were brought out to us.
I am totally fine with the food coming out at different times, or getting up to get my food, but not both at the same time.
If the food is going to be ready seperately, then it should be brought out to the table.
During a busier time having to get up to get out food would have meant having to break through the ordering line due to the setup, so my one big suggestion to the management would be to have the food brought out to the guests.
Finally, the food: My whole family thought that the food tasted really good.
Between the 5 of us, we had a good variety of the items on the menu, and everyone sampled each dish.
I had the carnitas burrito which was good, but after sampling the kids chicken dishes, I wished that I would have gone the chicken route instead.
They also have an awesome variety of drinks in addition to the usual fountain drinks.
Unfortunately they did not have the pineapple drink tonight, but my wife got the chia seed water, which was really good.
overall, probably not perfect by many standards, but we really enjoyed the food and my kids have a new favorite place for nachos.
It is locally owned and offers an authentic taco shop experience.

Delicious!
I love authentic Mexican food!
Great food and great prices!
Owner was there and greeting patrons and was very friendly!
I will definitely be back and with my kids!

I had very high expectations for Frijoles, and I think with a few changes they could turn things around.
The positives first.
Very clean and well decorated Tacos had a layer of cheese that was a nice idea and tasted delicious Great Guacamole Good salsa For some reason the fountain coke was really good Very friendly staff  Down sides Hard to figure out how to order, looks like a Chipolte when you walk in but you order at the opposite side where the register is.
No pictures to see what the food will look like.
Sneeze guard at head level makes it hard to communicate to staff.
(health dept thing not the restaurants' choice I'm sure.
) Very loud in dining room Chips were passable but way too salty.
Possibly try less salt and a finer grain like popcorn salt since a little goes a long way.
Expensive for the portion size.
Carne tasted washed out like it was sitting in a pan and lost its caramelization.
Maybe I should order fresh off the grill next time?
Over all I have high hopes for Frijoles and think they could do very well with a few changes.
Good luck guys!

After reading reviews on frijoles, I was prepared to be let down, but I was not.
The food was delicious and unique for a Mexican grill.
I ordered for my family of six two plates of nachos, three full size tacos, a tostada, a dinner size salad, and some street corn.
I chose a variety of meats offered including pollo, carnitas, carne asada and lengua.
Everything was delicious, but to me the carnitas and the carne asada stood out as being the best.
My kids are young but they ate and ate until they were stuffed full.
Often it is a challenge to get them to eat, but they loved the food here as did the grownups.
I really liked how they were liberal with the guac, cheeses, and pico de gallo.
All of it was fresh and awesome.
I really should have only had two tacos, but I ate three and sampled everything else I had ordered, but the food being great it was totally worth it being stuffed to the point of discomfort.
I had to go on a long and vigorous walk afterward just to not feel like it was a post thanksgiving food coma coming on.
The 16 oz.
bottle of Mexican coke helped to fuel my journey.
The staff let our kids sample the juices, and they raved how good it was.
Well done, frijoles!
Two minor improvements could be made.
Ok, first it would have been great to have all of our food come out at once, but they did serve it to us literally hot off the grill, so maybe just do the whole order all at once instead of jumping from order to order.
Second, it was bit pricey to make it a replacement for a weeknight dinner on a regular basis.
We may have over-ordered, bit it was still about $20 more than dinner at Cafe Rio.
That being said, it was delicious and I left really happy :-)

This location used to be a pizza hut.
It was lunch time.
I have seen the place prepping for opening for awhile now and as I drove by I saw they were open.
A new place, gives me a chance to Yelp, turned around and went back to try it.
The staff was friendly, the place was clean, the have red and green sauces at the tables, they were both good.They have a fairly good selection to choose from and a good selection of the Mexican style drinks horchatca, fresa (strawberry), pina (pineapple), mango etc..
They were giving out samples of the drinks.
I had a carne asada burrito, it's just a burrito, no sides, $6.95 plus $1.50 for cup of soda.
It was similar to the carne asada burrito at Roberto's taste wise.
The burrito at Roberto's is $7.35, but it comes with sides of rice and beans, it includes a drink (lunch special).
The carne asada was too grizzly, several pieces too tough to chew through.
When I hit the first piece I spit it into a napkin and continued eating, did the same with the second piece.
When I hit the third piece, I was done.
I saw them bring out the meat, so they chop it there, perhaps they could cut the large pieces of grizzle out, before chopping it up.
Eating shouldn't be a physical challenge.
It's a shame since the flavor was good, as I said, the taste reminds me a lot of Roberto's,   If I was rating just on the burrito I had, it would be one star.
I gave the extra star because the staff was great and helpful, more help than I needed, I know enough Spanish to understand the menu and the different drinks.
But, more help is better than too little.
They have a variety of meats to choose from, so the other meats may be fine, I can't say.
You may want to give them a try.
I was really hoping it would be good, because it is convenient and not in with a group of food places, where the parking gets chaotic at lunch time.
Since I like carne asada and will eat somewhere else and have carne asada, rather than order something else so I can eat here, I can't see me coming back.
They are new, only open for a couple of weeks, hopefully they will work out the bugs.

FRIJOLES!!
Let me start out by saying the second I took a bite of the food I texted several friends how great it was (with pictures included)   I had to try three different mini tacos to see which I would like most, Al Pastor, Lengua, and Carnitas, each one was equally delicious.
The freshness of the onions, cilantro, and salsa just added to the greatness of each meat.
As a huge fan of burritos, I got the Carne Asada burrito with avocado, sour cream, pinto beans, pico, and cheese.
It was packed with flavor and freshness.
All the meat is grilled do don't expect the greasy norm!
The staff was impeccable.
The lack of a self serve salsa bar won't stop you from getting what you want from any of helpful crew here.
I will be back to enjoy more from Frijoles.

Really, really tasty new taco shop.
Delicious carne asada, carnitas and al pastor!
I will be back again, and again, and again...
If you're considering eating here, do yourself a favor and just go and get some delicious food.

I have great expectations,  but they let me down,  i order the carne asada salad, w beans,  rice, tomatoes letuce and steak, but the dressing is to watery,  too runny, the steak was blend and the rice mushy,  also get the guac and chips, the chips way to salty, and the guac was bland, need a little lime , cilantro onions or seasoning, just taste like a mash avocados, the staff was very friendly,  thats why i give the 5 stars, i hope you fix it all and for my next visit u will get the corn, (they didnt have it this time), good luck ...

Good Food, good prices, walking distance from work what more can one ask for?
Maybe delivery  service lol

Hands down the best Mexican food on the west side of Vegas.
Loved the cucumber agua fresca!!!
Chicken Tacos tasted hot off the grill and were packed with flavor.
Red salsa on the table was my favorite.
My kids loved the cheese quesadillas and nachos.
Plate was big enough for all to share.
Good vibe, tasty food and a great place for families.
I'll be back.

I am updating my review a little to make notes of a few improvements, my original review remains below.
I already loved this place, and it remains a new family favorite, and it seems to be spreading around my extended family like a virus, as we bring more family back each time.
First, this place is worth the trip just for the delicious drinks that they serve.
My wife loves the "Chia water" and I can't get enough of the pineapple drink.
We find ourselves wanting to go back frequently just for the drinks.
Second, here are the improvements they have made since the last time we ate there: the food now comes out much more quickly, and you no longer need to get up multiple times to get food for your table, because they now give you numbers to place on your table, and then bring the food out to the table.
this is a small thing, but really made the visit this time so much better.
Thanks to the management for implementing the small changes suggested by the Yelp community.
Other than that, our food was again, delicious.
My original full review is below.
Lately I have been trying hard to get my kids out and try new places, sometimes that goes over well, other times it doesn't.
Tonight, it went over very well.
Don't get me wrong, there is much that others might criticize about the place, but I think that most of that could actually be some of the place's unique strengths.
I found Frijoles to be refreshingly unappologetic.
The location: Opening a new place in Vegas can be a gamble, especially a place away from the strip and tourism.
In this case, that is a good thing.
This place isn't for the tourists (although they are missing out if they don't seek out the unique in Vegas), it is for the natives.
The menu: There are some unique options on the menu, such as tongue and "cabeza.
" The meat options on the menu also are in Spanish only, and the cashier had to translate them for my kids.
Again, this did not bother me at all, because for us it added to the experience.
Tongue is not something that my kids are used to seeing on menus and their disgusted reaction was exactly as I expected it to be, but I like that the place caters to a specific crowd and isn't out to please everyone.
The setup: This is an easy one to pick apart, as the line and ordering are different than most are used to (and by most, I mean the Qdoba/Chipotle/Cafe Rio lovers).
This is one thing that I would not say is a strength, but it is not necessarily a hindrance either.
It is a bit awkward to walk in past the food and not really be able to see the menu until you are up to order, but that is only an issue the first time, after that, you pretty much know the menu for any repeat visits.
Fast food?
: This is the one critique that I will make on which I would like to see some improvement.
The food did come out to us piecemeal and it did take some time.
One child's nachos came first, followed by another's fries, then the last three dishes came out all at once.
for the first 2 dishes, my number was called and I had to get up to get them, the last 3 were brought out to us.
I am totally fine with the food coming out at different times, or getting up to get my food, but not both at the same time.
If the food is going to be ready seperately, then it should be brought out to the table.
During a busier time having to get up to get out food would have meant having to break through the ordering line due to the setup, so my one big suggestion to the management would be to have the food brought out to the guests.
Finally, the food: My whole family thought that the food tasted really good.
Between the 5 of us, we had a good variety of the items on the menu, and everyone sampled each dish.
I had the carnitas burrito which was good, but after sampling the kids chicken dishes, I wished that I would have gone the chicken route instead.
They also have an awesome variety of drinks in addition to the usual fountain drinks.
Unfortunately they did not have the pineapple drink tonight, but my wife got the chia seed water, which was really good.
overall, probably not perfect by many standards, but we really enjoyed the food and my kids have a new favorite place for nachos.
It is locally owned and offers an authentic taco shop experience.

Best in town!
This place is great!
I tried both the chicken and beef tacos and found them to be perfectly seasoned and unbelievably fresh tasting.
Service was pretty fast, but this is not fast food type of Mexican food - not by a long shot.
The quality and taste of the food has now ruined me for the typical Mexican fast food joints.
Clean, bright, and a great atmosphere.
I am really pleased that this place is not just another clone type restaurant that is the same boring place and has the same boring food everywhere you go.
I have been telling all my friends about this place and can't wait to go back.

So this place is seriously rad.
The chia limeade drink is amazing, that one blew me away.
This is the first good Mexican place on the west side.
I keep trying different stuff and so far I love the quesadilla  with Al Pastor meat the most.
So I brought the whole family  (6 of us)  and it totally worked.
I felt comfortable and got the real deal food.
So I also  tried their Mexican street corn.
That stuff was amazing.
If you haven't tried it just do it- so good, blow your mind good.
You have to try it, now!

Went here based on the 4.5 stars on yelp.
Was craving a mexican shrimp cocktail.
It was bomb!
Loaded with shrimp,  avocados, tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and the sauce was perfect!
Didn't need to add a thing to it.
Did I mention it is huge?
My husband ordered the El pastor plate it was a little different then traditional El pastor but still yummy.
The beans were amazing not the traditional pinto beans that you find every where they use Peruvian beans.
We also got elote.
Super sweet and seasoned perfectly.
Very impressed, we will definitely be back.
Keep in mind that they are closed on Sundays.

So good!
We went for the first time tonight.
Between us, we had a cheese quesadilla, veggie tacos, a mini chicken taco, a carnitas burrito, beans, chips with salsa and watermelon aqua fresca.
Everything was delicious and fresh.
It's like Los Tacos, but better!
Also the restaurant is clean and newly refurbished.
My son and husband both enjoyed it and we will be back.

For starters, the chia water was so refreshing.
Plus they had several other delicious waters as well.
I had the carnitas tostada, cheese quesidilla, mexican corn and chips and salsa.
Loved it all.
Authentic and full of flavor.
I wish it was tomorrow already so I could go back...

Not bad.
Juices/drinks are great (no alcohol )  selection is decent with items you won't find too many other places.
Street corn on the comb,

Wow!
We are always looking for  good service and quality food and frijoles definitely has it.
food was great!
My new favorite!

Now I want to preface my review with the fact that we are huge Arturo/Nancy fans.
We came up from LA and we were not disappointed!
The food,  prices and service is excellent!
It was a joy meeting and chatting with the store's propertor.
I expect great things from this restaurant!

Yaaaaaaas the chicken quesadilla was the best quesadilla I've ever had and I've had a lot of quesadillas in my day.
Great service and delicious food okay thank you

I wanted to try a new place for dinner and am glad we found this one.
Here It's worth it for just the drinks alone!
This place used to be a Pizza Hut, but once you step inside you forget about all of that.
Inside was very clean and they offer plenty of seating.
You walk up to the counter to place your order and then they give you a number to place on your table.
When your food is ready it is brought out to you.
Our food didn't all come at the same time which seemed odd.
The girl who took the order was very nice and offered me samples of their freshly made drinks.
Watermelon Agua Fresca ($2.50) - Very tasty and refreshing.
I couldn't put it down!
They have many other flavors just ask for a sample to see which you'd like.
Mini Taco Al Pastor ($2) - This has onions cilantro, salsa and a fair amount of meat.
I thought the tortilla tasted good and the taco was decent.
Not as good as some of the street vendors I have been to, but decent for the price and nice flavor.
They also have tacos similar to "Los Tacos' that are $4.50 each, but come with sour cream, rice, rice, beans, cheese, salsa and avocado.
Rice and Beans ($2) - Sadly, they were out of rice.
I said that it was ok and I'd just try the beans.
They apologized and gave us an extra side of beans instead.
I was hoping with a place called Frijoles, that they would have amazing beans.
I just thought they were ok.
They weren't bad.
Just nothing wow and could have used more seasoning or something.
Chips and Guacamole ($3) - I love that they use fresh avocados here!
The guac tasted great, but could have used a bit more salt.
The chips were very good.
Cheese Quesadilla ($2.50) - Simple yet tasty from the first bite.
The tortilla tasted good and it wasn't loaded with cheese, but what was there could be tasted and it was good.
Simple can be very good sometimes!
I'm glad we tried this place and look forward to coming back and trying more.
The only downside, they have no salsa bar.
They need a salsa bar!

Great food.
All the ingredients are fresh.
The staff was always cutting and prepping.
The server was very nice and was smiling and genuinely cared if we enjoyed our meal.
I ordered a chicken salad and my wife ordered chicken quesadilla, and of Course two Mexican corns which were amazing and only 2 bucks!!
I will come back without question.
Oh and they have real Mexican coke which is a plus.

This is my new favorite place for Mexican food.
You can tell immediately that the ingredients are fresh and of the highest quality.
The recipes definitely have a more personal and traditional taste, than the cookie cutter offerings that you get from the chain stores like Chipotle and Qdoba.
There's also a really casual and friendly vibe that make you feel welcomed.
I'm a big proponent of supporting local businesses and when you have a place like this, that obviously cares about their product and especially about their clients, it's really easy to do.
This is my Friday night spot.

Only giving it 4 stars for now since I have only visited once so I can't attest to the consistency of food quality/portion size/service (all of which were awesome on my first visit today) yet.
Got the no meat salad and Mexican corn as well as the homemade green drink (spinach,  lime, orange).
Salad was a nice, large portion for only $5.75 and the veggies were really fresh.
Maybe its cause I'm originally from New York and not used to people around here yet but they were super friendly and service was really great for a fast food environment.
We went in not expecting to get a drink but they asked if it was our first time and offered a tasting of a few of their home made drinks which sold us once we tried the green one.
As an entrepreneur myself, always gotta give kudos to good marketing!

Healthy and authentic Mexican food- sounds like an oxymoron, doesn't it?
With a name like Frijoles, I was expecting canned refried beans and other quintessentially unhealthy Mexican dishes here but was pleasantly surprised!
Interior of this former Pizza Hut is totally transformed with upscale seating and lighting fixtures and some Aztec decor, and piped-in music fits perfectly with the ambiance here.
Wish they had to space to add in a patio!
Menu is simple: tacos, burritos, nachos, and various other dishes, pick your meats, plus additional sides (ELOTE!
) and drinks (AGUAS FRESCAS!
)  Initially came in for just a snack- got the lengua fries, street corn, and a watermelon agua fresca.
Both were delicious and fresh, and I really appreciated how the nachos were not drowned in cheese but remained relatively light with pinto beans, guac, and pico de gallo.
Loved the corn!
Prefer it chopped off the cob but flavors were spot on.
Owner came out to introduce himself and tell us about his new place.
In addition to amazing aguas, he also does juices- gave us samples of the pineapple, the strawberry, chia, and spinach.
My next visit, I'm going to try to convince him to start bottling and selling his juices for home consumption- they were delicious and all-natural with no additives, and the guy is really knowledgeable about juicing and nutrition.
This place isn't what you expect- in a GOOD way!

I promised to stop by on my way from San Diego to Utah and I definitely wasn't disappointed.
The restaurant was clean and well put together.
It reminded me of a homey chipotle, but a whole lot more Mexican.
The food is fresh.
The view to the kitchen is good.
I could see workers chopping up fresh vegetables and fruits for the drinks and salsa .
The cashier offered us samples of the aguas frescas, of which they have a large selection.
After sampling, my wife ordered a chicken burrito with everything and a mango agua fresca, I ordered a marinated pork salad with a strawberry agua fresca.
Our food was delivered to our table within five minutes of sitting down.
The food was so fresh tasting and the aguas frescas blew my mind.
Every bite was better than the last!
The burrito was long and plump unlike the short stubby chipotle ones.
My wife loved it and the red and green salsas they offer at every table.
My salad appeared like something from Cafe Rio or Costa Vida, but not nearly as wilted or manufactured tasting.
It was fresh!
It came with what looked like an entire avocado chopped on the top, romaine lettuce, beans, the pork, rice and a green ranch sauce.
So amazing!
Although, I'm not a Vegas native, I can say that Frijoles is one of the best sin city has to offer.

Drinks are awesome.
Food is awesome.
Nice ambiance.
Decor is awesome.
This place is awesome.

Went in to see what all my yelpers were talking about and they were right the food was sooo tasty and fresh the best tacos in town  the staff very sweet and kind let me sample all the juice they had to offer all bomb  ....love the short and sweet menu  only taco place for me :*)

So based on the Yelp reviews I came in to try it out for myself.
I walked into this spotless restaurant and I ordered my guilty pleasure and once a month craving of nachos, except this time I ordered them with Al Pastor.
Can I tell you?
These were divine.
The meat was smoky, sweet, and tender.
The generous amount of guacamole was made with some jalapeno in it and gave the nachos that awesome spiciness I was craving.
Oh, and the guacamole?
Real stuff, not that neon green stuff you get at other places.
The beans tasted like homemade pinto beans, not the refried stuff that usually comes with nachos.
Everything on these nachos worked together perfectly.
The bottom of the nachos did get a little soft towards the end but that's why you get yourself a fork and call it a day.
What made this visit amazing (other than the delicious food) was the awesome customer service they're dishing out.
I was greeted by a very friendly young lady who proceeded to ask me if I was a first-timer and if I worked nearby (yes, we spoke in Spanish so I had no language barrier issues, deal), she then proceeded to offer me samples of all their aguas frescas (literally, "fresh waters"), yes, all of them.
One by one I tried them all and, surprisingly settled on the spinach (try it before you judge me!!).
Not only is the food a welcome change in this neighborhood, but the friendly service makes this one of the very few places that still know how to talk to a paying customer.
I will definitely be returning, and taking as many people as I can with me (I'm Mexican, we travel in packs).
This food and service deserves to be shared and I promise to do my part.
Always in support of a small business!!
Anda Frijoles (oh, by the way, that means "beans")!

Amazing customer service and great food!
The first time I went here the guy taking orders made recommendations and walked me through the items.
All the employees are courteous and friendly.
And the food is delicious!

My first time at Frijoles, I ordered three mini tacos so that I could sample the carne asada, pollo and al pastor.
Of the three, the al pastor was divine with onion, cilantro and a squeeze of fresh lime.
I went back and ordered the al pastor burrito style and was a bit disappointed that the accoutrements kinda took away from the flavor of al pastor.
Love the different types of fruit drinks.
The staff is super friendly and will let you sample anything.
The place seems to have a tremendous following.

This is the PERFECT place to go out for tacos!
I could eat mini tacos until my pants become too tight.
Everything here is awesome from the food to the service!
Ps they have the World Cup on!..
Enjoy...

A much better Los Tacos!
I especially loved cabeza taco, street corn, and the chia and watermelon drinks.
The place is a fast food restaurant, but the decor is modern/Chipotle-esque and everything is spotless.
The owner was a doll and apparently lets his staff keep their tips, unlike at Los Tacos.
The only negative is that it is closed on Sundays, but I guess that is just another way they show appreciation to their staff.

I love this place.
Everything here is fresh and delicious.
You can really taste the difference everything from the mini tacos to the amazing salads and specially the Aguas frescas.
Healthy and delicious.
I eat here very often,  the service is always great and with a friendly smile :)

I live 125 miles from Las Vegas, but anytime I'm in town, Frijoles is my first stop!
Everything I've ever tasted there is excellent.
From the basic cheese quesadilla to the carne asada taco "con todo" to the basic rice and beans side, the flavors are authentically Mexican and delicious.
The fresh juices are awesome and made fresh daily.
The folks working there are courteous and professional.
The decor is fresh and modern.
I recommend Frijoles without reservation!

Love the chicken tacos.
Best I've ever tasted.
Very authentic Mexican food.
Great selections of Mexican drinks as well.
I'll be back again and again.

"Mexican food" is used to describe everything from Taco Bell to gourmet restaurants down on the strip.
Usually I shy away from using the term to describe any particular restaurant and instead use sub-categories like "fresh mex" or "traditional.
" You get the picture.
In this case though, I can't help but describe Frijoles as straight up Mexican Food.
Tacos, street corn and aguas frescas!
Authentic Mexican food done right.
I haven't tried anything here that I wasn't impressed with.
Best tacos in town.
Will be returning soon!

Everything at Frijoles is off the chain.
Love the carne asada and we really kove the corn.
We love the chia water - so refreshing.

I stopped in just before closing on a Monday night.
Everything was really clean and the staff is super friendly.
They let us sample several of their agua fresca flavors.
All of them were delicious, and I would go back just for the pineapple one!!
They only have 1 size for $2.50.
The watermelon and mango were great too!
Along with our 2 drinks, we ordered a carne asada quesadilla, a carnitas burrito, and Mexican street corn.
Everything is made to order, and despite being the end of the night, tasted super fresh and homemade.
I'm a Chipotle junkie, and I might like Frijoles better.
The only thing I missed was the cilantro lime rice & the portions here are smaller.
For everything we spent under $20.
The only thing I didn't care for was the street corn.
I, unfairly, compare all street corn to Mundo's street corn which is off the charts amazing.
And, while Frijoles is probably a more traditional version, it didn't blow mind like Mundo's did.
I would give this place an A overall, and I'm sure I will be a regular customer!
They're worth checking out.
The menu isn't huge, but what they have they do well and their prices are really affordable.

Frijoles is much more than beans!
I am always on the hunt for a good taco.
Vegas has 3 or 4 places that I really like, and some of the best mexican food in the US.
When I heard about Frijoles, and that it was near my office, I went to try it out.
The inside is clean, bright, and fresh with plenty of seating.
The menu is simple, but still has a lot of selection.
I went for the tacos.
They came out fast, and with a smile.
The food was hot and put together the way it should be.
From the first bite, to the last I was impressed.
I have been back 3 or 4 times since.
Frijoles has found a place in my regular rotation.

I've bean waiting for a place like this.
Four hundred and fifty... pennies for a taco?!
Oh but they're so worth it!
She said.
I had two of them, they come with plenty of meat guacamole salsa and sour cream.
You can opt for the regular two dollar tacos that only come with meat and salsa if you don't want all the extras but I wouldn't skip on all that extra deliciousness, go back to the car look for extra change under the seat and upgrade your tacos to Cadillac!
I also tried the shrimp cocktail, it was very good but they need to add octopus and oysters to it to make it perfect, which they promised me they will.
Wow!
I'm in!
You can order your basic fountain drinks or go for Mexican bottled sodas.
Difference between American coke and American coke from Mexico?
Sugar!
Here in the states they use corn syrup and in Mexico they still follow the original recipe which asks for real sugar but that's a whole different review for the coca cola company, this review is all frijoles.
They also serve aguas frescas of different flavors, pineapple, melon cucumber horchata and many more.
If you can't decide what kind you want they'll give you a taste to try, that's how nice they are.
The elote was good, they can use a little help from the elote man on the streets but it was still good, covered with cream, cheese and chile is hard to just eat one.
Not a full service restaurant, you order, you get a number, and the food is delivered to your table but the service you do get is outstanding and it comes with a smile at no extra charge.
The place is clean and though they added a few mexican touches here and there does not hide the fact that this place used to be a Pizza Hut but once you try the food you realize it was always meant to be Frijoles.

So delicious.!
Absolutely loved the carne asada burrito.
The steak so fresh and the guacamole was also very fresh.
Definitely would recommend to anyone looking for good Mexican at a good price.

A fine start for Frijoles I must say.
Now that I'm becoming older and wiser to Yelp ways, it takes more than a fancy 4.5 star average to impress me, particularly in the first few months of a business opening.
It IS enough to get me to read through the reviews though, and what struck me as appealing is that the owner seemed to be very involved in answering any/all critical reviews, and not only that, but they seemed to be adjusting on the fly to customer complaints and demands.
I always like to see that level of commitment and care.
I pretty much knew what I wanted when I entered, and ordering was quick, painless, and friendly.
I went with a mini taco trio and something I saw in the Yelp pics: a combo Pineapple/Strawberry Agua Fresca.
The drink was made instantly and it was love at first sip.
I had noticed a sign that refills were only $1 (the drink itself is $2.50), and I kid you not I was considering trying to drink it all down as fast as I could to indulge in this bargain.
Sadly they were done with my tacos pretty quickly and I was on my way.
Definitely one of my biggest regrets of my life as later back in my office I ran out and craved more.
As for the tacos, I went with two of my usuals: cabeza and pastor, and decided to go against my third usual lengua for the carne asada because it seemed like Frijoles really hypes up their carne on their facebook.
I'm not sure if they're just pandering to the eaters that are terrified to venture beyond the realm of chicken and carne, but I thought it might be their specialty so to speak and gave it a shot.
1)  Cabeza:  It was a good version but I feel I've had better.
Not really sure what could put one cow's head ahead of another (maybe seasoning of the meat?
) but it didn't wow me here.
It was still good enough for me to scarf down in 4 bites.
I'd try it again  2)  Pastor:  Best I've ever had.
I'm not some taco connoisseur or anything unlike those maniacs who participate in the Yelp Taco Treks, but I've had maybe 7-8 varieties of Pastor tacos around the valley and this one just hit that sweet spot with a perfect balance of the pork with pineapple.
Perfect.
3)  Carne Asada:   I should have known better, but this didn't really do much for me.
The meat was dry, though it did have a nice flavor otherwise.
It's pretty much what I expect from Carne Asada at most restaurants, I was just hoping it'd be different I guess.
I'll chalk that up to my error as I'm sure most Carne fans would have dug it.
The red salsa was a nice version, not unlike you can find at most decent taco shops, but the green one they provided had an odd texture for me.
It was goopey if that word even exists.
If I turned over the container it wouldnt spill all over my desk immediately, but would slowly ooze out.
That rubbed me the wrong way so I stuck with the red.
So my list of demands should you choose to accept them: 1)  Figure out why the cabeza didn't blow me away 2)  Liquefy the green salsa 3)  Free Al Pastor Tacos and Agua Frescas to Yelp Reviewers during weekdays.
Next time I might get 3 Pastor tacos and that same drink so expect a potential bump to 5 stars at some point.

I love this place for their mini tacos.
They're just like the street tacos you can find on the border.
The carne asada fries are the best I've had.
They use freshly fried crinkle cut fries and you can change the meats if you want.
The last order of fries I got were half pollo and half al pastor.
The selection of agua fresca includes freshly made horchata, watermelon, mango, and others.
Very good stuff.

Very disappointing, they have all the elements needed for a legit mexican/american restaurant, but their execution was off in a big way.
Visited Frijoles today with my wife, I ordered 2 chicken tacos with everything but sour cream, chip and guacamole, street corn w/ no mayo, only cheese butter and chilli powder, and an order of rice and beans and a coke.
My wife ordered a tostada with no meat, only lettuce, avocado, pico and beans, street corn with only butter and lemon and a sprite.
$28.00  We sat down, 10 minutes later they served my tacos, 5 minutes after that we get served our drinks, 5 minutes later we get our chips and guacamole, my wife's tostada and our corn.
Then 5 minutes later we realize I never got my rice and beans, so I walked to the counter and reminded them and got that a few minutes afterwards.
My chicken tacos were very good and very fresh tasting.
Both of our corns were flavorless and mine wasn't served with chilli powder.
My wife's meatless tostada was served covered in meat and had no pico, she sent it back and got it with no meat, but still no pico.
I had to go to the counter again to get a side of pico for her.
The tostada was soggy and she barely ate it.
The chips and guacamole  were good, my rice and beans were great and my coke was amazing.
She liked her sprite, she prefers 7-up.
I would go back, my wife is questionable on going back.
I will admit, the staff is nice and pleasant, but are managed very poorly.
They received a star for serving coke products, so read this as a 1 star review.

Best Mexican Food in Town!
My family and I frequent this gem of a restaurant and have yet to be let down.
Street tacos, burritos, nachos, salads and aguas frescas are AMAZING and I've tried them all!!
The food is super fresh and very reasonably priced.
Gracias Frijoles!!
See you tomorrow....

Super delicious vegetarian, carnitas and al pastor tacos.
I also recommend the Mexican street corn and the spinach agua fresca.
And the staff is so friendly and attentive.
Definitely check out Frijoles!

Better than last time, but I'm not sure this place is for me.
My palate seems to be in contention with their flavor profiles.
The carne being grilled on my way out looked and smelled much better than the carne I got on my tacos.
Maybe a cooked to order option could be a good one.
The place did get a little busy and I'm glad to see it.
I wish these guys lots of success.

The Mexican street corn is LE-GIT!!
So is the Jugo de Espinaca.
It looks weird, but taste like magic.

Very delicious, fresh authentic mexican food.
Imagine a non greasy version of Roberto's.
The Aguas frescas as are so delicious.
I got the limeade with the chia seed.
Honestly they all tasted amazing, the woman behind the counter gave me samples.
The salsa is authentic, hot and tasty.
The crane asada was perfect and the chicken was also on point.
This place also has delicious frijoles...as the name would suggest.

The whole place is clean and comfortable.
I like that you can see the food as it's being made.
I ordered a carnitas burrito, it's sooo good and a great size.
I'll have half now and savor the rest later.
I wasn't going to get a drink but while I was waiting for my food, only about 6 minutes, the manager brought me samples of the fresh juices they have to offer.
My mind was blown at these unexpected refreshing flavors!
Each one is great and they are not too sweet.

Drove by and saw this place at lunchtime Frijoles figured wow I beter stop and check out this place better be good with a name like this.
I was gladly not disappointed,  from the atmosphere to the customer service as soon as we walked in I couldn't decide between the taco or a quesadilla but since I was hungry I went for the quesadilla de pastor, and a mango agua fresca, and elote.
As we are sitting at our table waiting for our food the young lady brings us 2 tacos of carne asada for free to try so yummy.
And a sample of every agua fresca they had so above and beyond they have gained a loyal customer and am bringing my coworkers here to share in the food ecstasy.
Highly recommend this place for fresh, good priced Mexican food.

Wow!
This is our FAVORITE place for great tasting tacos and the most unique, refreshing juice drinks.
Francisco and his staff were incredibly friendly.
They gave us free samples of nearly 10+ fruit drinks.
We loved the Sandia one the best.
Go hungry - the food and service is awesome.
This place is going to become the BEST place for delicious authentic Mexican food.
Can't wait to go back.
Yum!

