I needed to move a piano.
Stat.
This piano was a beast - I had once injured my back just moving it around the living room.
I knew this time that I needed a professional.
The piano had to go from my living room to my mother's home in Maricopa.
First, I called a Budget mover.
They quoted me a very low fee.
I accepted, and scheduled the move.
Several hours later, they called back and tried to ramp up the fee.
I cancelled.
Now, I had already made arrangements for this move and I needed to make it happen.
This is where Max Piano Moving came in.
I found the website with a google search for Piano Movers.
I read over the site, these guys were local and a small business.
I love helping local businesses.
I called and spoke to Jim - Can you move my Piano, Stat?
Jim says, "well, how about Monday?
"  I cajoled him, "Jim, I gotta have this Piano moved tomorrow.
"  Keep in mind that "tomorrow" was a Saturday.
Jim thought about it a bit, checked his schedule and said, "Well, I can pick it up in the morning, and deliver it in the afternoon, if that will work for you".
That will work perfectly.
We arranged a price and a time.
Jim showed up personally, right on time.
All by himself.
Now, mind you Jim is a big guy, and he's a professional, so dubious as I was, I even offered to help, but Jim chuckled and refused.
About 15 minutes later, he had that baby grand all swaddled in moving blankets, wrapped in plastic and on a dolly heading for the truck.
All the while chatting with us politely.
I don't have any more pianos to move, so I prolly won't be using the service again, but I would definitely recommend Max Piano.
I have used piano moving services before, and this was definitely a 5-star experience.
It was a pleasant and painless experience, and provided with very short notice and at a fair price.
Thanks to Jim for being so accommodating and getting me out of a bind!

I needed my piano moved urgently.
I was out of my old house and already in the new, and the new owner was moving in, but my 5' baby grand was still in the old house.
I called around, and other movers were able to get me on the schedule in the next few days.
But Jim was able to come out immediately and accommodate me!
Many other movers have a deadline to get you on the schedule.
But Jim...he's just one guy!
He does all of the work himself - from scheduling to moving and setting it all up.
Some friends were helping me move my other belongings, and they were laughing about how they were standing around drinking beer while Jim and his one-man show moved an entire baby grand by himself.
And it helps that he's also a really nice, sociable guy.
Proof that he's a good, trusting person - he didn't count my payment, he just accepted that I was paying him the full amount (which is cheaper than the other moving companies, honestly), and put it in his pocket, didn't count it in front of me.
I just think that speaks volumes to him as a human being.
I've also worked with his colleague Greg who is also outstanding.
I will only ever use these guys if I (heaven forbid) have to move my monstrosity again.
Thanks, Jim!!

We heard about Jim through Stilwell Pianos (see http://www.yelp.com/biz/stilwell-pianos-tempe) and he moved our piano from Mesa to Phoenix last October.
I was so impressed with his punctuality, professionalism and friendly personality.
He picked up the piano from a residence in Mesa, brought it to Phoenix and placed it carefully in our home ensuring it was exactly where I wanted it to be.
His pricing was very reasonable and I believe a piano is something that should be moved by a specialist -- spend the extra money and hire someone who knows about pianos!
Thanks, Jim!

I thought we could move our piano ourself, but found out late Saturday afternoon that we could not.
With everywhere closed Sunday, and having to be out of the house by midnight on Monday, I began to feel extremely stressed.
That is, until I spoke to Jim with Max Piano Moving.
Within 3 hours he was at my door in North Phoenix picking up my piano.
And he was affordable!!!
Although I had gotten myself into a mess, Jim didn't take advantage of the situation.
He had my piano in his truck in a few minutes and delivered shortly thereafter.
I hope everyone uses this company!
They are the best!!

