Saw the new nail salon that just opened up in the same complex I work out in so I decided to stop in.
The owners were so nice and they did a fantastic job on my pedi!
They were very knowledgable and even helped educate me on my foot issues.
I'll definitely be frequently this place!

Followed skyla  from the last shop she worked at to her new shop because she is amazing.
I am incredibly picky and Ocd about my nails and she does them perfectly.
She takes extra time on each nail making sure they are absolutely perfect , after listening to exactly what you want and to top it off, They do not lift.
I removed my acrylic nails a year ago because I got tired of trying to find someone who did them to my standards.
But then I found skyla and my problem was solved .
I will not go to anyone else, she is wonderful.

Skyla has been doing my nails, pedicures, and eyebrows for about 2 1/2 years.
I am always AMAZED at how great of a job she does.
I am very rough on my nails and they still look perfect 2 weeks later.
Skyla always takes enough time and care to make sure that I leave happy.
PQ Nails is new, clean and has a friendly/relaxing atmosphere.
I  recommend to everyone!!

There is no better salon in Henderson than this one.
I've followed Skyla for a year now and I've never gone anywhere else.
(I live in North Las Vegas and drive to Henderson just to go to her.
) My nails, pedis and eyebrows are always perfect.
You can show her any picture of nails you like and she'll recreate them better than the picture.
Her husband and her are wonderful and the new salon is beautiful.
I recommend them to everyone!

Clean.
New.
Friendly.
Quiet.
Personal.
Great service.
Took a chance on a new place and was pleasantly surprised.
Skyla and Sean were awesome!
Had a very relaxing and thorough pedicure.
One of the best I've had in awhile.
Skyla even doted over my baby who I brought in with me and made sure my polish was perfect.
Will definitely return.
Yelp hasn't posted their phone: 702-567-9990

This place is awesome.
Im not much for getting my nails done, but this is deFinitely a place I'll return.
They are very nice, held a conversation, and took care of me and my fiance fully.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED

I love it here!
I've been going to Skyla for about a year now.
She's incredibly talented and is always kind.
She instinctively knows what you want.
Check this place out!

