I stumbled upon this place by mistake as it used to be another Greek restaurant.
No fancy setup here but the food was very delicious, very tasty and there is a wide range of dishes to choose from!
I did a take-out and they were very quick with my order.
The cashier was very knowledgeable about their menu and she was very helpful.
I had the beef souvlaki and it was nicely marinated, meat was tender and perfectly grilled!
Their pita bread was nice and soft, wonder if they make it themselves.
I will definitely be back...

Great place for lunch.
Servings are huge, food is good.
Fast service.
The only reason I took off a star is because the fries were not cooked enough.
I'll definitely be back!

Update: Went back today for dinner, and again, the flavor was excellent but the gyros were literally HALF the size as they were previously.
We ordered two gyros and my mom's was about double the size of mine.
Later, we ordered one to go to bring home, and it was even smaller than mine!
The inconsistency of the portions is a turn-off.

Excellent food excellent service and it's quick the portions are amazing and unbelievable sediment deserves five stars.

I really wanted to love this place but it fell short!
Staff was very friendly when ordering and polite.
I ordered the grilled chicken salad and it took about 15 minutes to get it which is fine since they made it fresh.
However, the chicken was so dry, I could barely wash it down.
The dressing was decent and portion ample but I just couldn't get pass the chicken being so bad.
Served with a pita on the side and nothing special.
Would I go back?
Hmmmm, may give one more try.
It's not anywhere close to Z's Greek on Indian school, think I will just make the drive to go there.
Damn!

Food was Great!
The best Gyro sandwich I have had since Chicago, IL.
Fast, hot and fresh.
The staff is friendly and the short younger female that works there is sexy with a beautiful smile.
Does it get any better than a sexy female and a great Gyro?

New business here where the less than stellar gyros place was beforehand.
Renovations were an improvement but nothing special, however the television monitor menu pictures are great.
Real disappointment with the hummus portion size because it was incredibly small for $4.25, as it was a very small side plate with a thin layer.
Something like that is more like a little "add on" to a gyro for something like $2.
Falafel was fairly good, but they're north of $1 per falafel croquette which is on the high side for fast food like this.

Came in for lunch and ordered the chicken gyro.
It comes out to about $6 by itself, and an extra $2.50 to add on a drink and side/salad.
I opted to keep my lunch cheap so the gyro with a water cup was enough... though I probably could have polished off a side dish.
The chicken was quite tender, pita bread was soft and pliable, and came with an extra side of tzatziki sauce (so crucial).
The small location is tucked away in a busy lot that shares with several very popular chain restaurants.
I wouldn't be surprised if most people went there before checking out this little gyro dive.
For me, it was the quick and healthy option.
I noticed lots of people waiting for take-out orders, so keep that in mind if you work nearby.

I work down the street from this place.
I had a short lunch break so I figured id stop and pick something up.
I am a very big fan of Greek food.
I never miss the greek festival and the gyros are one of my favs.
For $8 bucks you get a very generous pita, fries and a drink.
My fav is the firefighter gyro.
Spicy yet good..
I can eat there about 3xs a week.
Small place but great flavor, prices and employees are great.

