I just read the other review and can't believe it's the same restaurant we're talking about.
Our service was excellent and the food was too.
The owner said they had just opened three days before and we were amazed how quickly they had gotten their act together,  I had the pad thai which was great and so generous I had another full meal to take home.
Plus nice presentation and a fresh salad bar included.
We have seen the manager at two other Asian restaurants that we love so she must have learned from them.
Believe me...ignore that negative review.

I took my 15 y/o daughter for a dad/daughter date night.
I want to start off to explain that I typically give a new place two tries, just in case it was a bad experience in which we all have time to time, but this was different...
So the two of us walked in and after a few minutes a lady greeted us and asked if we would like to sit outside.
The waitress pointed through the glass window at a table and asked us to go on ahead of her and have a seat.
When we walked over to the table, it still had dirty dishes and glasses on it from the previous people.
We went ahead and sat down and waited for someone.
After 20 minutes, someone came out and asked if they could take our drink order and then started to clean the table.
As I was about to ask for tea, she stopped me and said they are having free beer and wine.
WOW, this will definitely make up for the dirty table.
She said she would send someone out to talk to us about what they were offering and she quickly left with the dirty dishes.
I stopped her before she could leave to ask if we could please get some water while we waited.
She nodded with a little frustration because she was obviously very busy.
Thirty minutes later she came back with water for us.
We had not seen anyone until now.
She filled our water glasses and asked us what we would like to order.
I went ahead and ordered our food, Pad Thai and Pad SeeEw Noodles, seafood.
When she said took down our order she took our one menu we had to share and started to walk away, but I stopped her and reminded her that we are still waiting on our drink orders.
She apologized and said she would send someone right out.
Twenty minutes later, a waitress carrying a plate came outside and was seeking the table the dish belonged to.
She was too far away to get her attention without yelling across the patio, so I waited to see if it was one of our dishes when she would come over our direction.
She asked the first few tables then went back inside.
I saw her ask another server inside and she pointed to us through the window.
When she arrived, it was our Pad Thai.
She put it down in front of us with 1 chop stick and quickly walked away.
Ater about five minutes, I looked atm y daughter and said we would go ahead and take turns because it was getting cold.
She was starving and so was I.
Not classy of us I know, but I figured it was a new business and wouldn't stop us from turning it into a funny moment to remember.
Another fifteen minutes later, the Pad SeeEw was brought out and the server quickly turned to walk away.
I stopped her and asked if we could get a second pair of chop sticks or silverware please.
She said OK and came right back with some.
We both took a bite and the seafood was not only undercooked, it was completely raw.
I love sushi, but this was beyond inedible.
I told her not to eat anymore of it and we both finished the Pad Thai.
It was a new restaurant, so I figured they need to organize and we would try it again in a couple of months and laughed it off.
After waiting for a check for another twenty minutes, I told my daughter that I would teach her the proper way to complain, without being rude or inconsiderate.
It was a teaching moment.
I got up and sought after a server and asked for a check and told her the problem of the uncooked seafood.
She asked if we would please sit back down at our table and she would send over the manager.
I told her I wanted to pay for the Pad Thai only, and we really wanted to leave, but she insisted that we must talk to the manager.
Reluctantly we went back to our table and waited.
A few minutes later the manger came out and addressed the table next to us asking if they had a problem.
They said no, and I put my arm up and quietly said that was us.
He turned to us and asked what was wrong.
So I told him everything.
Again this was a teaching moment for my daughter on how to be polite, but complain.
After all, constructive criticism is a good way to learn and grow.
We figured we would try it again in a couple of months.
They just needed to work the "bugs" out.
He said ok when I told him and I asked him for the check for the Pad Thai.
He said one moment and walked away.
A few minutes later the bartender came out and asked the table next to us if they had a complaint for him.
They said no and looked at us.
Obviously, the manager sent him out.
Now we were embarrassed.
When he turned to us, we said no to him and he went in.
The original server came back out to us and handed us our check and said she had heard what we said and walked away.
We were both mortified and felt like we had acted inappropriately and ashamed.
The check was for $16.00+ for the Pad Thai.
I paid it, but was completely surprised that the manager didn't simply let us go with an apology and hope that we would give them a try again in a couple of months.
Because of how they made us feel, we will not be going back to them again

After reading a couple negative reviews, we decided to give this new restaurant in our neighborhood a fair chance to either earn a return visit or not.
We were delighted to eat on the patio around 8 p.m. on a Friday night, because the noise inside made conversation difficult.
Part of this problem was due to the crowd and an open kitchen with clattering dishes, but mostly it was due to the hard surfaces and lack of acoustical tiles.
This might not be a problem for those with perfect hearing, but if one has challenges, eating outside eliminates any problem.
We were greeted by the owner, Pon, who I recognized as having worked previously at Pho Chandler; she also recognized me, which was nice.
Another waitress came by our table frequently, making sure we had water right away and following up to make sure we were served in a timely manner.
We ordered the summer rolls, which came with a delicious peanut sauce, and Tom Ka Coconut Soup with chicken.
Sometimes chicken in this soup is tough, but this was tender and tasty.
The spice level was perfect--unless you accidentally chewed some of the root.
Most of the menu is Thai-inspired, but Mongolian Beef was more Chinese in influence, and it was tasty as well.
I was also happy to see the TV sets were not turned to F(o)aux News, as some other neighborhood restaurants are.
That kind of vitriol and fear-mongering has no place in a restaurant or other public place, imho.
Our bill was brought promptly on request, and I'm happy to enter a good review for the "new kid in the neighborhood.

We decided to visit this new restaurant near our home.
It was tastefully decorated, but the real highlight was the food.
We tried three meals, all extraordinarily tasty with the perfect blend of flavor and seasoning.
Service was a little slow, but hopefully this will improve with time.
We'll definitely add Silk to our regular rotation!

We stopped by on a Tuesday night and were happy to see that it was busy.
We were seated promptly on the patio and had excellent service the entire night.
The summer rolls, chicken satay, and drunken noodles were all outstanding.
Silk is now my husband's favorite place for Asian food.

Ordered food to go...crab puffs (or whatever they call them...in any event when I got home I ended up with egg rolls...or whatever they call them).
Also ordered pad thai and yellow curry.
Egg rolls were ok.
Although I would have liked to have got what I ordered (crab puffs).
Pad thai was good.
Not overly sweet like others I've had.
The curry was also good.
I asked for both dishes mild.
Unlike most thai places I've been to, mild actually means mild.
There was a time I could eat spicy food, but that time has passed, so actually getting mild when you order mild is a good thing.

I realize this is a new restaurant but when we went, they were completely unorganized.
It took forever to get our water and to order.
When they brought out the appetizers, the food first went to the wrong table.
I can't believe how long we waited for the main courses and when we did get them, they were simply ok.
They were so slow that I saw some people just leave because after 30 minutes, they still had no water and no one had taken their order.

I was a solo diner, and I  sat in a booth.
I had to wave down the waitress to order my lunch (pad thai) as I had sat there for at least 10 minutes.
I had to wave down the waitress to get the check.
There's nothing special about the food, overly sweet, mushy, and not like any other Thai food I have had in AZ.
No one said good bye and thanked for eating in the restaurant.
I will never return.

First visit Saturday at1:45pm Light crowd Good food fresh and flavorful Service quick We will come again

I LOVE the Shrimp Thai fried rice here.
It' so good.
Skip the Pad Thai.
This fried rice made up for the bad Pad Thai.

I visited S T A for lunch today with my wife and kids.
My kids are picky eaters but both seemed to like their food.
My wife and I both agreed our food was good and would return for dinner and try something different.
I won't say this was the best Thai food I have ever had, but it tasted good to me and worth a return trip.
I think they could do a few things to improve but nothing that I would consider major.
On another note I must say I had read the other negative reviews and was a little shocked.
I found out about this place by my neighbor who said they had a good meal.
I think if I had relied on yelp alone I would not have tried this restaurant.

I visited here before I went to Madison Ave Salon & Spa for a haircut.
I walked in and there weren't many people inside at about 1p on a Thursday.
I thought why not try it.
The food was delicious and service was great.
I would recommend silk to anyone.

My husband and I just got take out  this evening!.We ordered the green chicken curry and a seafood noodle dish.
The green curry chicken was AMAZING!!!
We both agreed it was the best we've had in a while.
We will be returning customers.
The owner's were extremely nice and talked to us outside when we arrived on our bikes.
We will be coming back soon!!

