It is important to note that today was this location's grand opening.
(There was another reviewer that didn't understand that, and wandered in during their private soft-opening yesterday and responded with a 1-star.
)  I used to go to the Dickey's at Happy Valley before it closed a couple years back.
I was very pleased to see that a new location was opening closer to home.
As I suspected, the food is still outstanding.
I recommend the Brisket and the Pulled Pork.
Was a little disappointed by the Potato Salad, but I like mine made with mustard, so that's kind of a coin flip anywhere you go.
Also, the dining room was pretty dimly lit, but I'm sure they will work the kinks out.
I would recommend to the management to try and find a solution to streamline the ordering queue, the suite is laid out pretty awkwardly with the door to the patio crossing through the front of the line.
Maybe it would be better to take orders and transactions more rapidly and bring them out to tables as they are ready as you see in other fast-casual places.
But, at the end of the day, it's great BBQ at a reasonable price.
It's certainly cheaper than taking the family to famous daves or what-have-you.
Self-serve ice cream cones are included free also, so it's great for kids.

Great food!
I am really happy this location opened.
Though I understand it's still their first week open, I have been three times since they opened and every time the line to order is really long and slow moving.
It wouldn't be a huge problem if it was long and moved fast but it moves so slow.
Granted the employees are still new and learning.
I hope they figure it out so the ordering process will be faster.
But overall , the food is excellent and priced well.
I was sad to see so many people walk in and then walk out once they saw the slow moving ordering line.

1st try, the line was to the door at 1:30.
Somebody likes this place.
Walked out due to no time.
2nd try, no one ahead of me or behind me.
Felt rushed to order.
The dude kept yelling to the crew as I was ordering.
Had to repeat myself.
Confusing process.
He didn't point out the daily special.
Fries cold and undercooked (soggy).
Chicken dry.
Rest average.
Won't be back.

A Model of Inefficiency.
My daughter and I had been eagerly waiting for the new Dickey's BBQ joint (3rd St. & Greenway) to open, so we took her 2 daughters and went on Sunday when "Kids Eat Free.
"  When we arrived, the line was to the door and barely moved in 20 minutes.
During that time, we had ample time to study the menu and note that the ice cream machine was out of ice cream (in a brand new restaurant?).
When we finally got to the very cramped ordering station, the two servers seemed harried and confused.
One took our order and then slowly proceeded to chop and then painstakingly measure out each ounce of meat.
The other server attempted to fill to-go boxes behind the first server, which involved lots of close encounters as he scooped up meat and crossed back and forth behind her.
Finally, we were allowed to go to the next station to get our sides.
There were 3 girls there (I'll call them A, B and C.).
A asked what our sides were.
My daughter replies mac & cheese and baked beans, so A fills a cup with baked beans and tosses an empty cup to C to get the mac & cheese because it's too far for C to reach the cups.
Then A asks me what my sides were.
I replied cole slaw and potato casserole.
Ten seconds later A asks me again what my sides were (she had apparently forgotten within the last 10 seconds), so I repeated myself.
She filled a cup with cole slaw and handed a cup to B, who scooped up the mashed potatoes and put them in the cup.
Then B leans across in front of A to get chives and cheese to top the potatoes.
Then A asks which side we wanted for my daughter's 2 children.
We respond mac & cheese, so A tosses a cup to C to get the mac & cheese.
For the other side order, we responded French fries and were told that they were out of French fries.
(A BBQ joint without French fries?
)  Disappointed, we got chips instead.
Squeezed between the 3 girls and the cashier was an older, grim-faced woman whose apparent sole job was to hand the trays to the customers.
An older gentleman stood next to her coaching the cashier.
We had ordered 2 adult meals, 2 kids meals and 4 drinks.
The kids meals were free.
Simple, right?
You would think I had asked the cashier to calculate the square root of Pi.
After several minutes of button pushing, she finally produced a receipt, so I handed her my debit card and we escaped to the relatively quiet outdoor patio.
In total, it took about 35 minutes to order and get our food.
While devouring our food--which was all quite tasty, by the way--I noted that the cashier had not fully discounted the kids meals, leaving them both 20 cents short.
My daughter and I joked that the sign should have read, "Kids Eat Free on Sundays for a slight surcharge of 20 cents but don't expect any ice cream or French fries!
"  Seriously, we learned later that this new location has been open for two weeks, so they should have worked out the bugs by now.
To see a franchise restaurant this poorly managed was upsetting.
If they don't bring in a decent business manager who will streamline the ordering process, reduce the staff, expand the prep area, manage commodities and equipment, they will drive the customers away.
We saw lots of folks in line simply give up and walk out.

Don't let a couple bad first impressions deter you from this delicious food!
We came in last night for our first time not knowing what to expect.
Luckily there was no one in line when we got there, so we took our time browsing the impressive menu of meats and sides.
The young guy at the counter was very helpful with choosing our food.
The brisket and  pulled pork are very tasty, and their original BBQ sauce is delicious.
As for the price, for two sandwiches and three sides and waffle fries, we spent a total of $16 and the two of us were full!
There are options on the menu for families or meat by the pound that cost a little more but still seem reasonable.
Overall, I think this place is a great new addition to our neighborhood and definitely look forward to returning!

Just stopped in for first visit.
I was prepared for a long wait in line.
I got there at 5:24pm and left with my take out order at 5:45pm.
The delay wasn't in the ordering line but during the checkout.
I'll start from beginning.
Arrived and there were just two couples ahead of me, the guys taking the entree portion of the order were quick.
It's an assembly line style counter like Chipotle and similar.
The meat guys take your order and if ordering by the pound they weigh it down the the gram .
Scoot along in line to the people putting together your side dishes etc.
You talk to them thru a wall tipped with glass/sneeze guard.
I'm a lil short so I had to kinda holler from tiptoes.
All went well however they were out of my first choice of spicy cheddar sausage and onion tangles.
My whole visit seemed pretty easy  till a lil snafu in checkout .
The clerk didn't ring up my whole order together (the assembly line scoots your order down to the cashier) processed payment for half the order then had trouble trying to refund me and redo the transaction .
The manager(?
) had to swipe his access card easily 10-12 times during the whole process , almost each time having to pull card from his wallet.
I suggested a retractable badge clip for the future .
Anyway finally all done and out I go.
Got some extra sauces and my complimentary soft-serve cone and headed home .
My meal was satisfying except for the bacon green beans (my substitute for sold out onion tangles).
They are pale mushy and underseasoned.
The Mac and cheese however was good!
Hot and cheesy.
My meal was today's special, The Westerner.
A pulled pork/polish sausage sandwich with cheese onions an pickles.
I really liked it.
I'll definitely be back, maybe try ordering online for quicker pick up.

Saturday May 17, 7pm: Wife, son and myself waited in line 20 minutes just to begin our order (there were only four orders in front of us).
First, you start your order with the guys cutting your meat, not the cashier (no paper record of what I order until I tell the cashier at the other end?
Weird).
As I watched them cut the brisket, I noticed he scraped the fat from the outside of the cut, and then started chopping it.
"Holy crap; are you going to put that in my order?
" No response.
I like BBQ fat, but only as it is just trimming the meat, not the main dish.
Short story: I ordered a two meat plate, with bun, pickles, onions, two sides (Okra and baked potato casserole), Wife ordered turkey Hoagie, son got mac and cheese and chicken nuggets.
My meal is the picture attached: on the left is the pulled pork, the right is my gristly ass brisket.
The masses of brown and green which look chewed up and spit out are my portion of fat and the flaccid pickle.
No side dishes, had to go back and get them.
Son got overcooked nuggets with VISIBLE SALT CRYSTALS ON THEM.
Who in the hell salts chicken nuggets?
And he is three, doesn't need a salt lick yet.
Wife got lucky: she got two sandwiches.
I felt bad for the people working there; they were overwhelmed by the small crowd, mostly because of their ass backwards ordering plan.
Try this Dickey's Greenway: Cashier takes order, prints order, gives paper to guys in the back who slap it together, put it in a bag, hand it to the customer.
TA DA.
And don't sell me fat.
I friggin hate that.
Your guys even had the nerve to weigh out the portions.

Just stopped in for second time this week.
Ordering process went quicker.
No snafus at checkout.
Only had to wait a few minutes for fresh okra which they fry on order.
People before and after me had some errors in orders or  missing sides.
I did hear a lot of "I'm sorry about that"  but altogether seemed to go better.
Ordered the 3-meat plate this time with Mac and cheese and okra.
The okra rocked!
The meat plate not so much.
Hard to decipher which was the brisket and which was pork.
In my pic the upper left is the pile of fat I had to pick out before even tasting.
I may give them one more shot and that's it.

Update: since them opening a few weeks ago, I have been here at least 7 times.
I love the food however they really need to better train their staff.
First- The guy at the meat station yelling the order to the assembly line (which is unnecessary because the assembly line staff have to ask at least two more times what you ordered).
Not only is the meat guy yelling unnecessary, but it also creates an uncomfortable dining experience.
Second- they are always out of product.
I understand they may be out of meats because they only cook so much and they are still tying to get a gauge on the business levels, but running out of sides/ sauce seems a little like bad planning.
The last 5 out of 7 times I have been there they have been out of something.
That's a little frustrating.
Third- they need better training.
It's a very simple operation but I feel bad management is causing the staff to fail.
The staff are trying but they look very confused by the whole operation.
I don't know if this is why the other locations like Norterra didn't last, but I hope they figure something out before they go out of business too.

So, BEST pulled pork hoagie that I've had so far!
I keep coming back for it and find myself craving it often!
Their spicy BBQ sauce is the best BBQ sauce I've ever had!
Can't get enough!
Oh and free ice cream?!
YUM!

I really wanted to like this place, but there are too many things here that need fixing.
First the good:  1.
The meat is tender 2.
The okra is good 3.
The location is next to a busy shopping area, probably a lot of coincidental business.
Now for the bad:  1.
The whole ordering process needs to be rethought.
Waiting in line, then telling the meat slicer guy your meats, who then yells it at the guy next to him, who then asks you what you ordered, twice, then tells the order to the guy next to him at the register... Yeah, it isn't the most efficient way to do it.
Give me a complete order, not bits and pieces.
About 3 minutes after the ordering process, the guy handed me a tray with two piles of meat without sauce, two pickle chips, and a small chunk of raw onion.
The sides were still cooking.
Then he asked "what sides were those again?
" Which was the third or fourth time I repeated them.
About 3 minutes later, a pseudo waiter brought me the first side (fries).
He then asked what the remaining side was, I repeated okra.
A few minutes later the okra came out.
Seriously, have a prep area in the back.
Have a register in the front.
Take the order once.
ONCE!
Then build a whole order and either walk it out our announce an order number.
There is a reason nearly every other fast food restaurant does it this way, it's a proven model that has stood the test of time.
Don't try to be clever and reinvent something,   3.
It says on the menu the plate comes with pickles and onion.
I wouldn't advertise that fact unless you plan on actually serving plates with a full dill spear.
The two destroyed dill chips that would normally be on a burger made me feel gypped.
Finally, the ugly:  1. the BBQ sauce isn't that good.
I've tasted better from the grocery store.
Seriously, for being a BBQ place, the sauce should be the key ingredient.
Instead, it's off to the side in a tiny little self serve bucket.
Three different flavors: original, sweet, and spicy.
The sweet was almost good, the original wasn't very good at all.
Overall, I give them two stars for the good sides and the quick food (BBQ in 10 minutes is kinda nice, even if the sauce wasn't).
As far as the lack of efficiency goes, I hope the owner is reading and seriously considers changing it.

Not bad for bbq, not the best but still good.
Ordering part was a little frustrating and they messed up my order but quick to fix.
Had to wait for the fried okra but it was pretty tasty.
Price could be better...

The husband wanted to try this place.
Friday evening nearing 6.
We had no waiting but there was a line after us and continued for the 45 minutes we were there.
Our order was correct and it appeared everyone else has theirs correct.
This is a clean low cost very good BBQ place.
The okra is second to none and I don't mind waiting for something that good!
Had it before I took my first bite of food.
The husband is already thinking about our next stop there!
The free ice cream is also good!
Great place with good food for a reasonable price!

Went there to get to go order.
I think that they were about to close.
Greeted warmly by the cook.
When I ordered the ribs another employee says to the cook, "there goes my dinner".
Evidently he had planned to have them for himself.
The cook had already saved him some.
Why did I need to hear that?
The owner and another employee stood right behind me talking loudly while I waited for my food.
I didn't need to hear about their aching muscles.
Good ribs but not very professional staff.

