Caught a grand opening 20% discount flyer for this place during my vacation trip to Vegas and decided to check it out.
I paid $28 ($35 at full price) for French Tip which was a bit higher than what I was used to in California.
Overall, I like the quality of the service as well as the clean and modern look of the place.
It took a little bit longer than usual to get my nails done here but they really take their time to carefully work on your nails so I guess it was worth it.
The owner even offered me some free beverage and that was cool!
Will definitely come back here again for my next vacation trip!

Everyone very nice got pedicure for me & hubby they didn't rush us at all got the deluxe pedicure, mask, paraffin wax & scrub.
Great shop very clean chairs very comfy we will be going back again we walked in but next time I would make appointment just in case it got busy after they started on us so if you don't like to wait call 1st

Got a pedicure from here and was very pleased!
They had just opened and I had been looking for a new place since I have not been able to find a decent nail place that wasn't a chop shop since moving to this area.
The last place gave me a nasty infection.
Johnny did my pedicure and he did a fabulous job!
Him and the owner Tony chatted with me the whole time.
I hate going into a place where they talk to each other and not the customers.
I felt very comfortable and well taken care of.
All of their tools where wrapped and sanitized too.
I will definitely be back!

I would really want to try the service here because the setting alone looks so relaxing.
The hours posted online and at their door say they are open til 8pm.
I've been calling since 7 to get an apt.
They're not even open right now.
It's pretty sad considering my man and I wanted a nice evening to pamper ourselves.
Looks like we will just have to try tomorrow and elsewhere.
I understand you want to leave early but remember what you have outside your establishment and online should reflect your actual business hours.
I will change my review as soon as I get a chance to come down here when they are open.
Sorry I work normal human hours :(

Loved everything about the place and my overall experience!
5 stars*****

