This is truly a must see, I agree.
Such amazing voice and dance talents that perform throughout the night.
And of course you have to see the beautiful Holly Madison.
Doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you step in and see the band tucked away within the wall, you know you are somewhere special.
Go order yourself a pisco sour and have a good time.
This will be a hot spot on the strip in no time.

Though I made it late to the party (a little after 2 am) and all the fun shows I heard about were over, I thoroughly enjoyed my time here.
I had been hearing about this place for weeks, and being a speakeasy themed lounge lover, knew that I had to pay this place a visit.
I raced over to the Mandalay via the walkways from the Luxor and walked about halfway thru the casino before I found a security guard who had heard of the place and turned me in the right direction.
Turns out I had passed it, it's so discreet outside, nestled underneath the escalators connecting the two hotels, across from Criss Angel's magic shop.
The outside, as I mentioned, is pretty discreet, showing only a desk tucked in a corner in front of a gorgeous gilded mirror with a couple of bookcases and various other decor surrounding it and that famous white 20's car off to the side.
I found a guy just outside and asked if it was still open.
He said they were coming to a close but there were still some partiers inside, opened up a bookcase to reveal a door and a dimly lit hallway, and I was in.
Everything about the inside politely taps you on the shoulder, telling you you've been transported to a 20's era speakeasy and you don't want to go back.
One walkway around the bar has a few black and whites taken during the time period while another surprises you with a small stage in the wall for a band, instruments set up with musicians or not.
At the center lies the main stage, more long than wide, with what appeared to be a smaller bar down alongside it, slightly below stage level so as not to interfere with the acts, comfy chairs and tables lining the area.
An upright piano sits discreetly off to the side of the stage, not too far from the DJ's booth, also nicely blending in with the decor.
In the midst of all that raised in the center of the lounge is the main bar, a nice square fully stocked with the makings of their specialty cocktails and any other drink concoction you desire.
Employees are  dressed as newsboys or corseted gals as they cheerfully and quickly take your drink orders.
As they were winding down I was unsure if I'd be able to sample a cocktail, but as I hoovered on the bar, a friendly blonde brought me a menu and happily made me a drink, making suggestions when I asked.
I ordered That Strange Rush, a delicious blueberry liquor mixture, that had me wishing I had arrived earlier for more.
The bar area has many more tables and chairs, all elegant and comfy.
I roamed the place beverage in hand to check out the landscape and stumbled upon the cigar room, decorated with nice white couches and portraits, keeping with the 20s theme.
Everyone was very friendly and inviting, I never felt like I was intruding as I worried I might, coming in so late.
The other party's seemed to be enjoying themselves as well, joint with the bartenders as if they were old friends while sipping their drinks.
I finished my drink and regretfully left, walking down an adjacent dimly lit hallway near the entrance and discovering I had walked thru a brick wall by the car.
I definitely want to come back again, this time for the shows!

Discreet, Intimate, and Las Vegas Is this a lounge, nightclub, or the refractory period after a successful night in Las Vegas?
Speakeasy - It is not as easy as it sounds.
If you are unfamiliar with the prohibition era you need to know Las Vegas embodies speakeasies and Holly Madison has brought it back with a modern twist.
Like all speakeasies discretion is key.
Inconspicuously tucked in the corner the typical tourist may literally walk past this place because it is seemingly a small bar yet it is camouflaging the experiences within.
This was a soft opening.
With next to no advertisement the onus is on you.
My wife knew where to go.
You'll see a car, but not the usual car surrounded by slot machines begging to be won.
Next to it a well dressed, well groomed man to screen wanderers for the 21+ limit.
I casually struck up conversation and inserted the name of the bar like a secret pass-phrase.
The bouncer knew what I meant and told us the unique password that would grant my spouse and I access.
Tonight was "Cold War".
The secrecy and use of codes words threw me back in time to the age of illegal pleasures (and alcohol was illegal).
I moved toward the bar and then used this pass-phrase in a sentence.
"I'm glad the cold war is over," and, reminiscent of a spy film, the secondary bouncer agreed in kind, allowing access to the bar.
When we finished our beverage we progressed to a wonderfully hidden passageway to enter 1923: Bourbon & Burlesque.
Tonight was the second night of operation, the "soft opening.
"  Everything was clean and crisp, and begged to be toured.
There is the cigar room with paintings on the wall demanding the masculine man to breathe in its offerings.
We found our seats on the ground level in front of the main "stage.
"  The bar may be appear small, but I prefer to say intimate.
You can mix and mingle with like minded persons, but I relaxed with my wife.
The bar is fairly priced for the strip.
Now, to get to my review:   Many of the men, from the bouncer outside to the band members inside wore the typical fedora or Newboy hat.
There were other hats of that era why not try them out?
See Cloche hat for women, or the Bowler, Homburg and Straw Boater for men.
And the Cocktail servers looked like they came off their shift from dancing on the card tables.
Change their attire please.
You can still be sexy.
Speaking of, the cocktail waitresses were no where near the version of 1920s beauty.
See Christina Hendricks in Mad Men.
I was not a fan of the DJ playing bass bumping music.
Was I in a speakeasy or an attempt at being another club?
Refer to The Great Gatsby and encourage use of the dance floor.
However, as the night progressed things changed from a club to speakeasy with a live band playing off to the side.
The band played mixed songs, more instrumentals of modern music which was perfect for me.
The volume was a bit too loud for my taste, it seemed I was yelling at my wife sitting right next to me.
Allow patrons to have an even conversation about their Vegas conquest without feeling like shouting.
The Bar and service.
Service was great or perhaps they were overstaffed?
Cause of the soft open.
The first bar you see is the mixology bar, where they can work their magic conjuring any drink you desire.
I went to the secondary bar.
I was able to strike a conversation with the bartender, as though we already knew each other.
We shared a laugh and I enjoyed whiskey.
Oh, no ice please, I prefer whiskey stones.
Then there is the performances.
This makes everything worth it.
Remember how I said this was intimate?
Well, if you don't have a good seat, then good luck.
The layout is too flat, practically one leveled.
But we were lucky.
The burlesque performances are supported by Holly Madison aka "The Girl Next Door" and she did not fail to put on a show.
Being so close quartered, performers secretly go on stage and the only queue is the change in music, which calmly pulls your attention to the show.
I don't think you'll find a more sultry respectable performance like this anywhere on the strip (and industrial is NOT the strip).
The piano-singer interaction made me feel I was the only one tucked away in the forbidden speakeasy being serenaded.
One of the singers, even came down to the crowd to entertain us with her vocals.
SKYE .. With an "E" for EVERYTHING.
This was not all at once but spread throughout the night; however, I would prefer that someone sing between shows to add to the background band.
My wife and I went on the second night of their soft opening, so things may have changed.
So, why 5 stars?
Even though I have a few critiques I see all its potential.
Our hands on experience and the atmosphere made this local couple look forward to coming back.
Besides, you may run into a celebrity or two.

Loveeeeeed This place!
I'm a huge holly madison fan and support anything she does!
Me and mom went here after the Britney Spears show and we loved all the dancing and singing!
The staff is so friendly!
Recommend this place it's very laid back and fun!

Time machine back to the Great Gatsby and all the glamour and glitz that is so hard to find now a days.
Great addition to the Las Vegas night life.
Recommend to try one their in-house barrel aged whiskey drinks put together by the bar manager and phenomenal mixologists.
Holly Madison can be proud of this place.
File under places you have to visit before you leave Las Vegas.
BTW if you are having a hard time finding it, the entrance is hidden behind a book case.

Taking up residence where Ivan Kane's Forty Deuce used to be is the newest Speakeasy to hit the strip.
There's something fun and exciting about entering through a secret door and needing a password to get in.
I wasn't sure of the stats on the place, so I had called Mandalay Bay box office and the woman had no info to give me, I wasn't sure if we needed tickets prior, or if we purchase there, I then searched the actual 1923 website and didn't get any info there as well.
I ended up speaking with concierge and she was the most helpful, this is the info I can pass along to others:  *No cover charge for locals *$20 cover for non-locals  *If you're interested in getting a table, you can email info@1923lv.com and they should get back to you within 24 hours.
If you show up around 10p and get yourself a seat at the bar, you'll have a perfect view for the stage, the entire place only holds 150 people, and the place got packed really quick, there were no seats or anywhere to stand by 11.
Holly Madison performs 3 times nightly, and the shows run from 11p-2a.
Jazz band plays intermittently throughout the night as well as a house DJ.
They have a small specialty cocktail menu, Pisco Sour included.
Our bartender, Marvin, was able to create a cocktail off menu by us telling him what our likes are.
They have a cigar room in the back and they also sell them at the bar.
They do allow smoking in the lounge, and it did get pretty smokey between the cigarettes and cigars, so be warned.
I loved the burlesque dancers, the 1920's inspired outfits of the cocktails waitresses and bartenders were classy, and the prohibition style cocktails were good.
I'd for sure come back.

Realty fun speakeasy bar in Mandalay bay right below escalator of the Mandalay bay shops.
Drinks are great and service and burlesque show was fun.
My new favorite place in Vegas!

Cool place but it took 45 mins to get a drink at the bar and it wasn't even that busy.
There were 2 bartenders and one was too busy watching the girls on stage to wait on customers.

Whoa, what an incredible... list of bourbon!
Well hello nurse.
I mean, such hard to find bourbon.
OMG, really, how do they do that??
Uhhhh.
What???
A speak easy from the 1920's, and while sure, Vegas Strip'esque (you walk up to a seemingly innocent bar only to be escorted into a fantasy world of beautiful women), it serves up the best bourbons the States has to offer.
Angel's Envy, Elijah Craig 21, E.H. Taylor Small Batch, Pappy's 23yr old Grand Reserve (which they are currently out of).
It's all there for the taking if you're willing to pay.
And pay your will.
Very high  Vegas markups.
Minimum charge for a seat or table ($50 if you want to stand), but well, well, well worth it for the burlesque show.
Not too racy, very suggestive.
Good audience mix from guys to gals all having a good time.
A true hidden gem of a night spot and one deserving of a try for any bourbon enthusiast.
Wait, what were we talking about...  HUH....

My husband and I went on Wednesday night and even though there wasn't much going on, the bartender, Paul, made excellent drinks and we had an amazing time in such a classy place.
We will always come back for this type of atmosphere!
Love it

We had such high expectations of this place.
We got there about 9:30 pm and the bar stools were all taken.
We were given the rundown on the $50 / person seats and took two near the dj booth.
The drink menus on the tables make no mention of bourbons.
I ended up with a mojito, without fresh mint.
Turns out you have to ask for the bourbon menu separately.
They had a couple dozen listed.
Most were the mass produced big name brands, none worthy of the money they were charging.They had one bourbon cocktail listed.
Later I asked the waitress for an ashtray, which she brought over.
I started to enjoy my cigar when the manager said you can only smoke cigars in the separate back room.
And it just kept going.down hill from there.
We got back to our table, and one of the beers we left there was gone.
Before the show starts one of the performers was standing next to me and actually flicked her ashes on my arm!!!
Now the show starts, and if you are not at one of the front tables your view is blocked by everyone that moves up from the bar area.
$50 for obstructed view!!
We had to sit up on the railing to get glimpses of the stage.
There was no live band the night we went, and from what we could tell Holly came out for one song.
We were expecting a 1920's experience.
What we got was blaring 80's music.
The show was good, from what we could see of it.
The dj doubled as the lighting guy and had to adjust the spotlight sitting on the dj booth to light up the performers.
They only had two waitresses on, and they ran their butts off.
This place doesn't know what it wants to be.
If bourbon is in the name, have signature bourbon drinks.
If it's supposed to be a 1920's speakeasy have a1920's atmosphere.

We had a great time!
I made reservations 2 weeks in advance for Saturday night and we had front row seats!
The bartender Paul was amazing and he kept the drinks coming in all night long!
The burlesque show was fun and the ladies did a great job.
I would recommend this to anyone going who wants to have a fun time with friends!

Love this place.
Great drinks and fun atmosphere.
Small and intimate.
The show performers are AMAZING and talented :) Definitely a fun place to grab drink with friends.
Holly Madison performed when I was there and I was really impressed.
Would be a fun place to go for a girls night or bachelorette party.
Service was good and servers are friendly.
Thought it was cool that we needed a password to get in.
Would def go back!

Thank goodness for drinks at Whiskey Down at MGM before dinner one night!
The bartender asked my sister and I our plans for the night and we told him after dinner we were going to the Michael Jackson One show at Mandalay Bay and then we wanted to go somewhere with a more laid back feel, not so much a club since we did that the pervious nights.
He told us to go to this feel good,unique "lounge" that had recently opened and it was somewhere actual locals frequented.
He described the atmosphere to us and we were immediately intrigued.
Once arriving there was a small bar out front with an old timey car but no official door to get in, we were confused at first until the doorman asked how we found it and pushed aside a bookcase to a secret door into the club.
We told him the bartender at Whiskey Down told us about it and we got in for free, which was a plus.
The inside was exactly how you would imagine in the era of The roaring 20s with the dark lounge, saxophones, piano and stage.
Very Great Gatsby like.
One of the performers came on about 10 minutes after we arrived and even though there is nudity it was very classily done.
I definitely recommend this "speakeasy" spot to anyone looking for something different than the same old loud and bumping clubs that can be found on every corner.
Can't wait to come back in January!

I barely watched the burlesque show and I didn't have any bourbon.
That being said, I still enjoyed 1923.
The cocktails were tasty, the decor plush and sexy, the cigar room cool.
I'd love to return to watch the show in its entirety.

We went here after dinner for my birthday.
We got here a little early and ordered some drinks.
Our bartender Marvin created a great Chocolate Martini as pictured below.
He also created two gin drinks that were great just based on my husband saying he was a gin guy!
After my chocolate martini I told him I wanted something different that wasn't too sweet but had some fruit flavor he created a drink that was like a lemon drop only better!!
(Picture below)We had a few drinks and watched some of the show.
The girls are amazing!
I highly recommend this place but it does get packed so come early or book a table a ahead of time if you have a lot of people on your party!
Also Marvin is a fantastic bartender he was in the center bar when we went hopefully he is there for you.

Every time I go to Vegas, which is often, I always try and mix it up and try something new.
This trip was no exception as 1923 was on the lineup for our group of 25 last weekend.
Let me just summarize it like this: if you are looking for more of a lounge feel with a very sexy vibe, you just stuck gold!
The service from the door staff, the bar staff and the management all made sure the experience was top notch.
The dancers are amazing and the designated cigar room with all the cool art really put the icing on the cake!
This place is perfect for both guys and girls, everyone will enjoy themselves!

