Just opened.
Very clean, mix of booth style seating and some chairs.
Menu is extensive with a mix of Japanese and Chinese foods.
I tried the Gyoza which is the deep fried style not pan-fried and steamed.
Nice dipping sauce.
House fried rice was tasty and not over oily.
Took a big chance and tried their yellowtail (hamachi) sushi and it was pretty good and made to order.
The place has somewhat of a fast food Asian feel but with some nice touches.
Food is cooked to order.
No beer but I will certainly return.
CHEERS!

The fried rice was pretty good--not too oily.
The best was the chicken lo mein.
Really really good and I'm glad it had lots of vegetables in it.
I'll be back to get the noodles again.

Tried this new place out and I wont be going back.
The rice is the WORST.
Its the type of rice you typically see in Mexican dishes and really weird to have in both the chinese food and the sushi.
The veggies in the fried rice tasted like they were the frozen bag variety and just the usual carrots and peas, no bean sprouts or any other goodies.
Beef was chewy, but the chicken was OK.  Noodles were also decent.
Bad rice at an asian place is a deal breaker tho.

Not very good.
Fried rice was sticky and no taste.
Looked more like Mexican rice.
Beef broccoli and orange chicken were both bland and no flavor.
Worst egg roles I have ever tasted.
Not sure I will give them another chance.
Too many good Chinese restaurants available to go back to a poor one.

I have ordered 3 times so far.
Delivery is always super quick.
My daughter loves the wonton soup and sesame chicken.
I have tried several sushi and sashimi options.
Impressive!
Our new Fave!

Restaurant location is convenient, dining area is perfect for area lunch crowd, menu pretty extensive cuz it includes sushi, sashimi, and sushi rolls in addition to your traditional Asian fare.
The Steamed Dumplings were tender and flavorful without the dipping sauce, General Tso seemed to be on the sweet side even though it's supposed to be spicy, and the Lo Mein was excessively oily, but overall the entrees tasted good.
Staff is polite and efficient and the young lady at the counter is knowledgeable of products available.
She overheard me express interest in chili oil and brought me a bullet for my entree.
I suppose prices are reasonable.
And they really do have a variety of menu items.
We'll be back.

Well I tried this place on a whim and I was disappointed by the food and not having filtered water for their soda machine.
On the food I guess they dumbed it down for Americans or the run over to Safeway to do their shopping..  just another failed attempt at Chinese / Japanese food.. if you like this place then please have your tastebuds checked.

The location is clean and easy to find.
Being Sunday dinner it wasnt that busy.
First time eatting here and i was actually very surprised.
We ordered 2 rolls that were fresh and really flavorful.
We ordered dumplings but nothing special.
pass on that next time.
noddles and rice were good....other reviews compared fried rice to mexican rice.
I actually like thia rice....nothing like mexican rice.
all the entrees were delicious fresh and tasteful.
mongolian beef , general tso chicken and garlic chicken were great!
be back again

We ordered from this place because we had a menu on our door with 50% off.
So we ordered the general tsos chicken, mongolian beef, gyoza, spring rolls, fried rice, a spicy cali roll and the Las Vegas roll.
We LOVE everything but the rice and the gyoza.
The spring rolls are probably in the top 5 for me and I grew up on Asian food.
The sushi rolls were so fresh, now when I order I only order sushi and my husband sticks to the general tsos chicken with brown rice.
Recently I ordered sushi for myself and upon signing the receipt, I noticed there was a shrimp roll.
As I'm allergic to shrimp, I knew I had not ordered it.
No big deal, but they packaged another roll I had ordered, with it.
So the delivery driver, said he would take care of it.
He took both rolls back and shortly later I got a phone call with an apology and a discount next time I order.
Plus he brought back the original roll and another roll.
I was pleased with the customer service and because of that and the fresh sushi, we will continue to frequent this Chinese food place.

this east coast snob proclaims the chinese food I've tasted out here and the sushi is also very good.
They've never messed up an order.
I love them

