Today is the second day I've gotten breakfast from downtow's newest fast food establishment.
And I can admit, I'm a fan.I really like their biscuits.
While I'm generally not a fast foodie, Carl's Jr will be a nice rotation.
However, it is oddly located inside US Airways Center.

This Carl's Jr blows, we were there for Phoenix Comicon for all 4 days.
We went to this Carl's Jr for two days because we were swamped and didn't want to waste too much time on getting full meals to go.
The workers there expect you to order the full meals so they don't have to hit multiple buttons when you just want the burger itself.
The first time I ordered for me and my group of vendors, the chicken tenders came out dark brown, to the point where if you left it in the fryer any longer, they would have burned.
My burgers bun came to me burnt on the inside, but everything else seemed fine, but then again I had ordered meals for the rest while I just got the burger itself.
The second day, I ordered a Western Burger without sauce (sis wanted it that way, I have no idea what she was thinking lol), it came to us without sauce but also no burger patty!
They had also switched out the chicken tenders I had ordered for someone else with a regular $6 burger (I'm assuming).
Luckily the vendors didn't care since they were really hungry and I didn't over-pay on anything since $6 burger is more expensive than the chicken tenders.
I honestly have no idea how they could screw up so badly on our orders two times on two different days.
Both days they weren't busy, and had enough staff.
The second day I think the manager was working (she was the only one wearing regular clothes, not the uniform), and they still managed to screw up our order.
So if anyone goes to this place, make sure you double check your order is right, I don't think they can handle huge orders or even the lunchtime rush correctly, and it's a huge shame because I really like Carl's Jr a lot, just not this location.

I very rarely give one star reviews but this place is taking forever.
it's been 25 minutes from one hamburger!!

Not really big on fast food, but had to try the new Carl's Jr. in our neighborhood.
The signage could use some work...I think most people don't realize it is there and open.
The staff was friendly and the service was quick.
My food was to be expected for a fast food joint...low expectations, so you don't get disappointed.
If I am craving fast food, this will be the go to place since it is so close.
I imagine this place will be packed during sport events, concerts etc.

