Worst experience ever.
First of all nobody was eating there so clearly they weren't busy.
Nobody greeted us plus we ordered a bowl of pho and a bbq pork and sat there over 30 mins still no food.
We just walked out.
Literally what the fuxk???
What a waste of my time.
So the bottom line is that they don't even deserve one star.

My boyfriend & I went here for the first time yesterday since it opened.
It opened very recently & is very close to the gym we workout at, so we thought we'd give it a try.
I'll admit, it wasn't the best experience we've had, but we've also had worse.
We walked in & was greeted by one of their waiters saying that we can take a seat wherever we wanted.
I'd say it was a nice place, small but clean.
Nothing too special about the interior.
The service however wasn't up to par.
Our order was taken by a Hispanic gentleman.
In no way am I racist, but that language barrier can really be difficult to overcome.
My boyfriend & I noticed that when we took our order & the order of other customers close by.
The staff was friendly, but I believe they were not trained well enough just yet.
Our order took much longer than expected.
We ordered their Shrimp Spring Rolls as an appetizer, I got the Beef Pho, & my boyfriend ordered the Salmon Curry.
The spring rolls came out pretty quickly, as we would expect of a simple appetizer.
However it took maybe 20-30 minutes for our entrees to come out.
Unfortunately the owner had to come out from behind the kitchen & ask us what we had ordered, since we were sitting there for so long.
It turned out that our order was accidentally placed as to-go & was just sitting there for a good while.
What saved what seemed to be a very bad experience was that the owner gave our meal for free because it had taken so long to bring out.
He was extremely apologetic about the whole thing.
But enough about the service, on to the food.
Shrimp Spring Rolls: They weren't the most amazing rolls out there, & I'll be brutally honest, they were a bit plain.
The shrimp to noodle ratio wasn't balanced.
There was definitely too much noodles & our rolls fell apart when we ate them.
The peanut sauce wasn't all that great either & wasn't spicy like the menu said it was.
Beef Pho: The pho to me was one of the best I've had.
It's up to par with Pho Kim Long, which is usually a long time favorite among me & my friends.
It wasn't like most places where it's a lot more broth than anything else.
They didn't skimp on the noodles & beef, & the beef was seriously DELICIOUS.
Some big pieced in there too.
Salmon Curry: My boyfriend ordered this one.
We were skeptical at first because the sauce for the curry was really runny.
However the portion size of the salmon itself was actually a good size, better than most restaurants who like to serve smaller portions because salmon can be so expensive.
But at only $11 for the salmon, side of broccoli, & rice, we weren't complaining.
The taste of the dish was a WHOLE differently story.
It was SO GOOD.
Even though the curry was runny, it tasted amazing.
The salmon by itself was flaky & seasoned perfectly.
The combination of the two made for a very tasty dish.
My boyfriend even liked the broccoli & he HATES eating broccoli.
Like with a passion.
Needless to say, this dish will probably be a favorite of ours.
Overall, the restaurant definitely has a to learn.
Need to work on the service & organization so that things don't get confused.
But what they lacked in their training, they made up for in recognizing their flaws, learning from them, & their tasty dishes.
The owner was sweet, so I directly tipped & thanked him for taking care of us.
Considering they had just opened up, we weren't too hard on them, & we assured him that we'll definitely be coming back for more.

My hubby and I have been there couple times & will def be back!
We've had there beef pho, egg rolls, drunken noodles, fried rice, yellow curry and couple desserts.
Let me tell you, best fried rice I've had in town and the yellow curry and drunken noodles are to die for!!
They'll spice any dish up if u ask ;)   U know u want to Try the fried ice cream--you wont regret it!

Great food, very friendly service.
Good size portions.
Staff wants your experience to be perfect.
Reasonable priced meals.
Welcome them to SW Las Vegas.

The soup is not very flavorful, especially if you know really good pho.
Sorry but it was not that great.
And the quality of the meat was mediocre.
And the prices are way too high.

I was hopeful for a good pho shop near my house, this one is not it.
Soup in general is not very flavorful, kinda seems like they are skimping on ingredients.
The meat in my soup didn't help the flavor any and also seemed like it was not the best quality.
The topper is price, too high for what you're getting.
I will try again in a few weeks and hope they work the kinks out.

This is the best phò place in town...
If you're taste buds skew gringo.
I decided to stop in after a workout, figuring that phò would make a good post workout meal.
Next time I think that, I'll drive the extra 2 miles to Phò Annie.
This place is terribly mediocre.
I should've known something was wrong, when I saw the vato was the server and the gringo was cooking (it's like the Bizarro World).
To be fair the server did his best to get me what I want.
I ordered phò (obviously).
I tasted it...
I've had better tasting broth come out of instant phò from the Asian grocery.
I started loading it with herbs and lemon (no lime), as well as Sriracha and hoisin to make it edible.
I ordered beef on the side (like always), but the broth wasn't hot enough to blanch it, so I basically are it raw (I felt like Grace Jones).
Needless to say, I won't be back anytime soon...
Unless I'm trashed at 4:00 in the afternoon.
Which is always a possibility.

This place has only been open for a few weeks so they're working out some kinks.
With that in mind, they're doing fantastic.
BEST FRIED RICE IN TOWN (I ordered shrimp in mine)!!!!!
The pho menu is very simple - it only lists beef, chicken or pork pho as your choices, but they were happy to customize my order for shrimp pho with extra veggies.
The broth is smooth, unlike many restaurants in town which have overly-greasy broth.
They have several Thai dishes on the menu which I'm looking forward to trying.
Did I mention they have the BEST FRIED RICE IN TOWN!?
The restaurant is clean and the staff is super friendly.
I'll be back for sure.

Wtpho?
Why do they not have more pho options?
Pho and thai restaurant but they only have 3 different types of pho on the menu - beef, pork, or chicken.
A bit more variety would be nice ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
I got the red curry with pork.
It came with a plate of rice.
Not bad.
I enjoyed it.
Good mix of veggies and meat.
My sister got the beef pho.
I tried some and wasn't too impressed.
The broth was sorta bland.
Pho noodles were cooked perfectly though.
Service was awesome.
The staff was attentive and nice.
We came around lunch time and were the only ones there so it was a little awkward.
They put on a movie on the tv right above our table and stood in front of the kitchen and watched the movie while we were eating.
I felt a little uncomfortable because it felt like they were watching us the whole time.
I'd probably come back but only because this place is literally across the street from my house.

They only have 3 pho options and some Thai dishes.
I got the yellow curry with chicken which was okay.
My guy got the beef pho.
His broth was not very hot and the broth was mediocre.
I may be a white girl but I can make better pho broth than this.
My curry was okay but next time my craving for curry happens I will drive a few miles down the road to pin kow or archies.
Service was good tho.

Love it!
The drunken noodles and curry dishes were the best I've had.
Will absolutely be going back for more!

I'm not sure what others are complaining about.
My wife and I live nearby and like to support small local businesses.
In short, we were beyond impressed with not only the food but also the exemplary service.
I understand why they have a limited variety of pho(the three that they have are so good, and besides, their other items are incredible).
I love curry... Their curry is unbelievable, the drunken noodles are addictive.
This is our new favorite Vietnamese joint!!

I just noticed this place on our way home the other night so we came for lunch today.
They actually have plenty of choices of Pho.
Many types of beef, types of pork and types of chicken.
No veggie though :( I had rare steak and my son had the flank steak.
Both were very good...
I am used to a little more lemon grass flavor which would have put the broth tops in my book.
Still very tasty.
I am looking forward to coming back and trying their curry dishes.
Also the Pho bowls are a good size... although I still feel a bit hungry not sure if that is just me today or if they could put in a bit more noodles.

We Went back &  tried their new special beef salad.
Omg it's soo good!!
It's tangy & spicy!
They have a papaya salad on the special menu as well which we'll have to go back for.
:))

Atmosphere 3/5 Service 5/5 Food 4/5  First things first, the atmosphere is alright.
A bit too bland for me, it just comes off sorta like, I don't know, like a hospital cafeteria.
A bit weird, but that's how I would describe it.
Service was excellent, the server was extremely attentive.
Although I WAS the only guest, so I guess you could take that rating with a grain of salt.
Food wise: surprisingly good.
The curry wonton is awesome.
The wonton itself is alright, but the panang curry dipping sauce it comes with is TO DIE FOR.
I seriously downed three servings of it, it's that good.
The pho's broth surprised me.
It was flavorful, although a bit on the flat side in terms of seasoning, it was good enough to compliment the extremely spicy sauce on their rack.
The portioning of meat/noodles was beyond what I would expect for a pho restaurant, all in all, outstanding.
Check this place out, it's a nice and new startup.
Needs a refresher course on marketing and they could be the next big thing in the Mountain's Edge area :-)

I'm not extremely knowledge on what constitutes great pho but I love this place for the food.
Great portion sizes great meat cuts.
And the name is pretty funny.
But check it out I think you'll love the food and the prices are reasonable as well.

Even though I'm asian and I love all asian dishes I'm not a big fan of pho for some reason, till I had their Pork Pho!
I love the Confit pork, so tender and packed with flavor.
Porches egg in soup was another hit for me.
Service was great too.
Can't wait to go back!

This is a new restaurant in the area so I thought I would try it out.
The food was great.
The portions are big, and I couldn't finish my meal, which is very unusual for me.
The service was very fast and friendly, my drink never went empty.
The food quality was great, and I had the red curry chicken, which I recommend.
The atmosphere is a little bland so I give it 4 out of 5 stars.
I will definitely be bringing my family here and recommending this place to my friends.
Great place to eat!

This review is being written for the two food items that I tried.
I am a pho'ckin pho aficionado.
I have had great pho in every city I've ever visited and that is a whole lotta pho.
I was drawn to this establishment because of the clever name.
Once entering, you'll notice that everything is very clean and very open.
The tables line mostly the borders of the restaurant with a few small tables in the center.
It kind of reminded me of a fast food chinese restaurant.
I became wary right away.
I immediately noticed that my favorite appetizer was not on the menu.
No egg rolls.
Yeah...those delicious vietnamese egg rolls that you wrap with lettuce and dip in sweet fish sauce?
None.
There were no spring rolls either.
So I continue to browse the menu and notice that it is more of a vietnamese/thai restaurant.
I ordered the wontons with curry as my appetizer thinking it would be some type of fusion food.
I also ordered the Vietnamese staple, beef pho.
The boyfriend ordered a chicken pho.
He's very White-American and doesn't know any better.
I don't know why, but I had expected some actual dumpling-style wontons, but we got some fried wonton chips with a tiny dish of watery curry.
Disappointing.
I was served before my boyfriend was.
I thought it was because it took longer to cook the chicken..or something, or maybe there was smaller stock of chicken broth/soup since most people order beef pho.
I guess it just took longer to cook the chicken because he still got bowl of beef pho, just with chicken pieces instead of slices of beef.
There was something about the noodles that just didn't taste right.
Like, they purchased the packages of dried rice noodles instead of using freshly made rice noodles.
It just wasn't good.
I didn't think you could go wrong with a bowl of pho since it is such a basic food (like fried rice), but you can.
If I ever go back, it would only be because it is literally across the street from my housing community.
Perhaps the Thai food will be better.

I love this place!
The food and service are excellent!
I typically get the chicken basil and papaya salad.
The location is convenient to mountains edge.
I highly recommend this place!

I love the broth.
Very rich n tasty.
No need to add sauce.
They give a very good amount of meat.
I wish they would improve on there egg rolls.
I'd say this place is different from any pho place I have eaten.
Very close to our house and service is good.

This place is conveniently located near my home so I decided to order some lunch to go.
I order the shrimp spring roll and beef Thai salad.
The shrimp rolls were basic but I was not a huge fan of the peanut sauce.
It was basically peanut butter.
The Thai salad was good.
Nice citrus flavors balanced with cilantro and peppers.
The place itself was clean and the staff was very friendly.
I will come back to try the pho and curry.

So delicious!
My boyfriend and I have gone there multiple times and have received great service.
I usually stick to chicken pad thai (which is amazing and better than Chinese xo) and my boyfriend always tries something new.
He has loved every dish he's ordered there!
Definitely recommend.

