= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =  Nandini here is the resurrected version of Royal Taj!
The same ownership remains, but a name change was necessary due to a liquor license issue.
I stopped in today to give the Lunch Buffet v.2 a try and here were some of the features:  *  Friendly host.
*  Lightly decorated but comfortable dining room.
*  Right-sized (for an Indian Buffet) selection of 22 items, counting salad items separately.
but not counting sauces & dressings.
*  Mango Lassi to drink, included!
YAY MANGO LASSI!
:-))  *  Pretty much "the usual" Indian Buffet fare, with everything ready to go at opening time, served up to temperature, tasting medium-spicy and DELICIOUS!
*  The Chicken Tikki Masala and Chicken Tandoori were both "especially" 5 Stars!
*  I'm not a big fan of goat meat, but it was pretty good.
:-)  *  Tasty hot Indian Tea also included.
*  LOW BUFFET PRICE (for an Indian Lunch Buffet) of $6.99!
(It was $9.99 as Royal Taj.
)  It's 5 Stars now for this 10 years landmark Indian restaurant with a new name!
:-))

Having recently turned vegetarian for health reasons, I wondered if the Paneer Tikka Masala could be half as good as their Chicken Tikka Masala, which was the best I've had from England to NYC to Phx.
Well, no need to worry because it was superb!
Smooth and creamy, the dish melts in your mouth.
There are numerous vegetarian options.
I strongly suggest samosas to start, and you can't go wrong with their saag/palak, chana masala, either of the dahls, the yummy okra dish, or the aloo gobi with savory cauliflower and potatoes.
Add rice and garlic naan and you will have a delicious  meal.
Take some home too cuz it's even better the next day!
Friendly and courteous staff, and the owner usually stops by every table.

For about $7, this buffet is a great deal.
Mango nectar and hot chai tea are included with the buffet, a nice touch, and garlic naan is made freshly right to your table.
The buffet itself consisted of a mix of various popular vegetarian and chicken based dishes.
Such items included paneer tikka masala, chicken tikka masala, aloo tikki, chicken vindaloo, aloo gobi, and saag.
There's a salad bar with various dressings, and a selection of carrot halwa, gulab jamun, and kheer/rice pudding for dessert.
My favorite dish out of the buffet items was the aloo gobi.
It had a great mix of flavor, and had large chunks of potato and cauliflower.
The tikka masala dishes I tried were very heavy on the cream, and had a mild flavor.
The chicken vindaloo, normally a very spicy dish, was probably about a medium level of spice.
Service was good.
Dishes were taken away promptly and water was refilled as needed.
While other buffets might have more selection and better preparation, Nandini pares down the items to cut down on cost, and includes beverages to add more value for your dollar.

Lunch buffet for $6.95!!!
Usually Indian Lunch Buffet are no less than $9 .
They don't have a whole lot of variety, but enough to keep coming back.
Place is really nice, spacious and clean.
Service is good, by both elderly men that are really nice and fill your glasses promptly.
Watch your step on way to buffet, I almost trip there every time, because of elevation in the floor.
Bookmarked this as our new fav Indian lunch buffet.
Coming back for sure!
If you need lot of variety or very picky about the food, you might not like it.
Food is tasty IMO.
Naan was really good too!
Update: Been there again for dinner.
Same great service and tasty food.
Naan bread was the best.
My suggestion is to increase curry quantity.
Thought its just a little than expected.
I will come back for sure !

Royal Taj was good.
Nandini is great!
Fresh, perfectly spiced, friendly and attentive service.
The food is better than ever!
Come try it!

The decor may appear to be simple but the food is delicious.
The goat curry and the shrimp vindaloo are both great choices.
A variety of tasty sauces accompany delicious breads.
Definitely worth the trip.

Great reviews from others led us here for lunch on a Sunday.
They've only been open a couple of months, and have Daily lunch buffet (not just weekdays).
We have tried a couple of other Indian buffets in Phoenix and were not terribly impressed by the food.
My meal today was Ridiculously Delicious, prices inexpensive and service was outstanding.
We will be back and bring friends!

We were really sad to see Royal Taj close down... like seriously, I almost went in to a depression :(  So when we heard Nandini's was open we were super excited to go try!
The restaurant looks brighter and spruced up... and to our delightful surprise the food was even better than before!
Four a party of 4, we ordered the: Lamb Korma (Lamb cooked in special house gravy) $13.99   Chicken Tikka Masala (Boneless chicken pieces grilled in tandoor, cooked in a mild creamy tomato gravy) $11.99  Palak Paneer (Tender chunks of Indian cottage cheese cooked in a spinach sauce) $8.99  With: Garlic Naan (White leavened garlic sprinkled bread baked in clay oven) $2.49 Lamb Naan (White leavened bread stuffed with minced roasted lamb baked in clay oven) $3.99 And Rice  I put $$, because they offer a cheaper lunch buffet $, which we have yet to try... dinner is more in the range of $$.
At the end they brought over some complimentary Gulab Jamun (Succulent treats from the north made of special dough, fried and served in sugary syrup)!
Delicious :)  I would recommend these three entrée items for sure!
If you are a vegetarian, the Palak Paneer is a must - SOOOO delicious.
It's creamy spinach and the cheese is super fresh tasting, they go great together!
But the Lamb Korma has to be the winner - with Chichken Tikka Masala as a close second.
For something new, we tried the Lamb naan, which was like an Indian version of a quesadilla... with lamb pieces in between their delicious naan bread.
Can't wait to try more new items on the menu :) This one was great!
For any newbies... this place is a must!
The new owner seemed very friendly and accommodating.
The restaurant decor is so-so, but I haven't found Indian food this good anywhere else in AZ... we're soooooooo happy they're back!

After reading the reviews and craving Indian food I convinced a group of co-workers to join me at Nandini.
We stopped in on a Wed. for lunch and the place was a little slow with only a handful of tables filled - all I can say is lucky us!
The food on the lunch buffet was plentiful and full of flavor and the personalized service of the staff was impeccable!
They offered suggestions, kept our water brimming and checked on our meal and overall enjoyment throughout!
We had some first-timers with us and everyone was very happy with the food and selection.
This is a great place for those who haven't had the opportunity to try a lot of Indian dishes as they do a good job of explaining them on the buffet labels and the staff are wonderful and help you figure out the pairings for the food and sauces/chutneys.
Overall a wonderful experience and as this is close to the office we will be back soon!

I ate at Nandini's this Wednesday noon.
The food was awesome!
I am not very familiar with Indian food but the flavors were wonderful, the hot food was served hot and the cold food was cold.
My friend and I had the buffet, She favors the food that is less spicy and I like the food that is spicy.
She had the mild boneless chicken breast with a creamy mild tomato sauce.
I had the hot and spicy chicken.
It was great!
The meal was served with a seasoned flat bread that was soft not crunchy, closer to a fluffy tortilla.
It was seasoned perfectly.
All in all, we're going back to this place the next time we want outstanding Indian food!
We highly recommend this place!

Found this place by driving by - so glad we stopped.
Food was delicious.
We will definitely be back.

Great lunch buffet deal!
Delicious food and great service.
Same owner as India Oven so it's sure to please!
Nice decor and comfy booths too.
We'll definitely be back!

