A great atmosphere and a huge sitting area unlike the Old Town location.
The protein bowls are a great place to start if you haven't been here before.
Their pressed juices are also great.
I'd suggest the kale cleanse.
If you are there before noon the breakfast burritos are my favorite.

way bigger and nicer than the other two locations in Scottsdale and Tempe.
The parking is a bit tough during peak times.
the staff were friendly, the juice as protein bowl was delicious and the amount of meat in the tri-tip bowl was more than generous.
This location has a bar with beer, wine, mimosas.
I was a little sad that they couldn't tell me what kind of muffin was in the muffin display and they even asked other employees and nobody knew.
If you don't know what you're selling, how are you supposed to sell it?
either way, it's a super delicious and healthy place to grab a bite and get delicious fresh juice.

FINALLY, good food makes it out to Chandler.
Chop Shop is awesome.
I have yet to have a bad meal here.
Make sure you check out the Kale Cleanse, iced tea, an BBQ salad (veggies, sub tofu or avocado).

Went for breakfast.
They're still remodeling, but open for business.
Had the "Cold Buster" juice and the "Egg and Veggie Hash".
Although, I have been a meat eater for years, I have to say everything was extremely good.
You order and pay at the counter and the food is brought to your table.
(Seems like more places are setting up that way.
) The service was fast and with a smile.
I would recommend it and will be back.

Tried this out today after hearing that one of my Crossfit idols loved it yesterday!
Ordered the tri-tip protein plate and settled in on the patio.
Thirty minutes later I walked  back inside to inquire about my food, only to find out that they "lost" my order.
When I finally got my food, it was pretty good, but not '30-minute wait' good!
Most disappointing was that they didn't even offer a refund or any 'incentive' to forgive this mistake.
Probably won't go back.

Heard great things about this place but unfortunately my experience was average.
I had the club sandwich which was lacking in any real flavor.
The service, atmosphere, outdoor seating was all just ok.
It's a pity but I'm unlikely to return.

Amazing food!!!
I haven't had anything I don't like.
All the goodness without the guilt!

Went here for brunch on Sunday with my mom.
She ordered the open faced egg sandwich and I got the Veg and egg hash.
Her sandwich was wonderful.
Mine was eventually wonderful, but came out the first time with undercooked eggs (I like runny yolks, but not raw egg whites).
I took it back and they just slapped the eggs back on the grill and overcooked them.
Finally they got them right and the people behind the counter were very apologetic and cool about it.
I really hate taking food back, especially twice, because I feel like I'm being a pain in the butt.
On the other hand, I think it's important to give the restaurant a chance before giving a bad review or not returning.
All in all it was a great experience - the coffee was good, the food was delicious and fresh, and everyone was friendly.
Plus, they have a dog friendly patio for all of you dog owners out there.

I've had several people recommend ChopShop to me in the last year.
I've never had reason to visit either location since the Scottsdale place is right next to FnB, and therefore, I've always just gone there instead.
I'm never in Tempe, but I do work in Chandler so I was happy to see they opened up their third location just a couple miles away from my office.
I tried the tofu protein bowl on my first visit on Monday, and I was happy with the flavorful curry sauce and roasted veggies.
The tofu needed more seasoning, but that's what happens when meat eaters prepare it.
I showed the menu to my coworkers, and we ordered from them on Friday.
They got the chicken and shrimp bowls with forbidden rice, and they were both surprised about how good they were.
I got the kale caesar and devoured it.
I just can't give them five stars due to the service.
When my coworker picked up our meals, he stood in the phone order line.
The cashier called over her friends in the longer line and let them order in front of him.
When he got our order, he asked about the missing coffee and missing bowl.
She unpacked everything and made him resign the receipt to prove it had been omitted.
I'm hoping this was just one bad visit because I'd like to come here again.

A friend suggest Original Chop Shop for lunch and I had never heard of it before so I agreed as I am always up to try something new.
The Original Chop Shop is located in Downtown Chandler in what was the old Kokopelli Winery.
While it is sad to see one business go, it is so nice to see a new, trendy place open up as a continuing part of the Downtown Chandler revitalization.
Original Chop Shop is really cute.
I would call it a shabby chic design with historical details.
It is light and bright and really comfortable as a lunch or breakfast place.
This is their third and l have heard, largest location.
There is a walk up counter to order and then they bring you your food.
There is also a small grocery area in which to get some healthy snacks, mostly assorted chips and popcorns.
Now this isn't your typical menu; the Original Chop Chop has a menu designed with freshness and healthy foods in mind.
I decided, after some deliberation, to go for the Tuna salad sandwich on low carb wheat bread.
The tuna was really good and the vegetables were really fresh.
The added little bonus was that they put an olive tapanade spread o the sandwich which gives it a little tang and that was really good.
The sandwich also comes with a little side of field greens with a good vinaigrette.
I also decided to order a side of the sweet potato hash with kale and onion.
I have never had anything quite like that before but I really liked it.
It had a little sweetness to it and It was way more healthy than fries!!
I also had the blackberry black iced tea and that was delicious.
I wanted to try a protein bowl and I will try that the next time as I will definitely be back!
I am a fan of the Original Chop Shop!!

We are always looking for healthy restaurants.
And I have been waiting for CC Chandler Location to open since I have heard great things about them.
For my first time I went for the protein bowl with Tri-Tip and Sweet Potato Hash and it is tow thumbs up!
I can't wait to try other bowls and juices!
We need more "special foods restaurants" like this.

This place is awesome!
Healthy food that tastes good.
Haven't had a bad meal here yet.
Breakfast is good too.
Try the smoothies as well!
The protein bowls are great.
Juices are tasty but pricey.

I love the food and come here often.
We were so happy when the Chandler store opened.
Since we have a 2 yr old, we call in our orders to go.
My only complaint it that 9 out of 10 times our order is either wrong or missing something.
For example, I ordered a balanced bowl and got a chicken protein bowl, ordered a grinder sandwich received a chicken bruschetta.
Ordered side of forbidden rice, got side of fruit.
When we order protein bowls, we don't get the sauces that are supposed to come with them.
Since these are always ordered for "pick up" we don't find out until we are home.
From now on we will check our order before leaving the store.

I want to love this place!
The decor is cute & inviting.
The location is great.
However the food was a total snooze.
We got the white sangria, which tasted like fruit cocktail juice with a tiny hint of wine, and weirdly there was no fruit in it!
They need to go have one at Chelsea's kitchen and rework the recipe.
I had the shrimp bowl with quinoa.
It was spicy but not tasty.
The veggies were bland and seemed scorched and soggy.
My daughter had the chicken and kale sandwich, which was fine but not memorable.
We shared the sweet potato hash, again fine but not great.
Service was so so.
Also, it seems picky, but can you please invest in silverware!?!
I hate eating with plastic utensils.
Not sure when I'll eat here again given the variety of good restaurants nearby.

I brought 3 coworkers with me to ChopShop for lunch b/c last time I ate here it was good.
Today the place was crowded and the chicken kale sandwich was, well ...
Tougher than shoe leather and bland.
I think they forgot to put the mustard sauce on it, but sauce would not have saved this sad dried out bit of chicken.
The Mediterranean turkey is MUCH better.
I'm a big fan of iced tea but I don't care for the flavors they had.
The interior is chic looking.
Kudos to the decorator.
Just wish the food was as good as the decor.

Here is a place that I really want to enjoy.
The food is good, not great.
The choice and quality of ingredients is excellent.
However, it is lacking in execution.
Today I had ordered a shrimp protein bowl.
I did enjoy, but could have made it better myself.
The choice of cauliflower, broccoli and carrots is frugal and bland.
In addition, the sauce was nearly no existent.
The line in front to order is probably the worst I have seen since my visit to Moscow in 1985 (in that case the line was due to a wait for vodka).
I waited about 15 minutes to place my order.
Why does it take so long?
It is not $1.00 for a fifth of Stolichnaya!
The decor and ambiance is hip and pleasant.
Please change your menu around.
There is so much potential!!!

Really enjoyed this place!
Had the raw veg salad with Tri-Tip...excellent!
The person I was with had the chicken protein bowl with forbidden rice and sweet potato hash...also quite good.
I will definitely be back on a regular basis...really nice to have a healthy food option for a lunch/dinner out!

Love the idea of this place.
Execution could use some work.
I had tri-tip protein bowl with sweet potato hash.
Took quite a while to come out of the kitchen, and the veggies were bland.
Doctored that up with hot sauce.
My wife had the grinder.
Also was bland, even with the peperoncinis.
She got the butt end of the pepper on her sandwich, which was inedible.
The staff was nice, but lacked any real motivation or urgency.
Period.
There were dirty tables, which should not be given that there seemed to be adequate staffing.
Overall, kind of disappointed.
A friend recommended this place and I can't without disclaimers attached.

Good food for healthy alternative :) service was great but they forgot one of our orders but made it on the fly.
Will definitely come back

A good, healthy alternative and they offer soy free, gluten free, vegan etc for those wanting/needing those options.
Because they use organic/real ingredients and products it is a little pricier but it is worth it in my opinion.

First time here so I can't give a comprehensive review of the food.
I ordered the beet salad ($7) with added steak ($3) and a fountain drink.
The salad was nicely sized and I'm a big guy.
The added steak was under seasoned but They gave me a lot of it.
The dressing ratio on the salad was perfect.
I wish the salad had a bit more goat cheese based on how much steak I received.
The fountain drinks are not typical sodas but flavored agave nectar sodas.
They are tasty but foam up a lot so it is a pain to get a full cup without constantly pouring out the foam head.
On the whole I recommend this place and will be back soon.

Yum!
The Coconut Chia Pudding Parfait really hit the spot.
I came into this place to find out what it was and ended up having a nice little evening snack.
I will definitely come back!

Foods is great and very healthy.
Would come here more often if it wasn't for the service.
Especially when it's busy and there is a line and I see people literally  standing and talking in the kitchen.
I stood in line for at least 20 + minutes another time with a long queue behind me and the gal decided she had to restack cups not bothering to beckon the next person in line and still focused on resackng cups even when I stood in front of her waiting to give my order.
Ack very frustrating.

I love everything that ChopShop is, and when they built their 3rd location within walking distance from my house, well, it was all over for me.
From the lovely outdoor seating areas in front and along the side in the breezeway, to the small bar with craft beer and wine, to the mini market that's filled with healthy snacks and drinks as you walk in, to the fresh food and juices you can order to eat in or pick up to go.
The number of menu options is already fantastic, but that you can customize each of them to fit your dietary and personal needs without any hassle is even better.
They may not be the quickest meal option, but ordering ahead for pick up fixes that, and just knowing that the food is freshly prepared as it's ordered is a nice comfort.
I absolutely love the pressed juices, as well - especially the liver cleanse with the aloe and the power green...I instantly feel refreshed with the first few sips!
All of the salads are delicious, and getting them as a wrap is even better (and less messy if you're on the go).
Breakfast is unique and flavorful, I only wish they would do over-easy/over-medium eggs (though I haven't asked for this).
And the protein plates are super filling - I've been able to make them last through at least 2 meals, sometimes 3 with some snacking in between.
Definitely a repeat customer!

Such a cute place-great atmosphere--outdoor seating, separate bar to order drinks from indoors and out, dog friendly patio, healthy, delicious the list goes on.
My favorite place for a salad and a fresh squeezed juice.
Their Kale Cleanse is amazing & the BBQ chicken salad (no chicken, add avocado for me) is the best!
Highly recommend you check this place out!

Obviously there is high demand for a "healthy/tasty/high quality" restaurant in downtown Chandler (which is chock full of everything but healthy options).
The ginormous line will reconfirm that it is the ONLY place nearby to get food that could be called "healthy.
" However I have mixed feelings.
The protein bowls are supposedly the highlight of their menu and definitely the best bang for your buck.
However just seems like unimaginative combos that as someone else already posted - most can execute better in their own homes.
I've been on multiple occasions because it IS the only place to get together with my friends who need to eat at a place with healthy options.
Last time I was there I ordered the beet salad which was a lot lighter portion than the protein bowl but pretty enjoyable as far as salads go.
Every other time I've had one version or another of the protein bowl.
(FYI, recently watched a tutorial on how to roast beets and now am able to execute a better beet salad than them.
Again, not saying it's bad food - just not amazing).

Sandwiches are good if you like healthy tasting sandwiches like I do.
Juices are really good.
Service (even though it's just counter service) is sub par.
Just walked of of there after waiting 15 minutes for a blended coffee drink.
Off hours (mid morning), 4 girls "working" in the back (well, at least one busy checking her pink cell phone).
I was the only person that had an order pending.
The cashier saw me throughout those 15 minutes and didn't bother to make sure my order was started.
I had to go up to the counter to ask for a status and only then did they start my drink.
Not the first service related frustration I've experienced, but the latest.
I'll continue going here because it's the only healthy restaurant within walking distance of my office and the food is decent.

Great atmosphere for casual eating.
Order at the counter and they'll bring your food.
Staff work hard and knowledgable.
Clean and trendy, fun colors.
Plastic silverware wasn't desirable at all for sit and eat, low quality too.
Food looked great.
My bfast sandwich was fabulous!
Great taste and fresh.
My husbands steak bfast bowl was very bland an well they forgot the steak, but quickly fixed.
He added 5 catsup packets to give it flavor.
Fresh squeezed OJ and iced coffee was great.
I'd come back for the smaller selection of wine/beer at a later date.
They just need to step up the flavor!

Loved the food, the location, the service, the food, the location, the service... and I could go on and on.
This very health-conscious eatery has me wanting to return.
Great protein bowls, wonderful salads, and extraordinary baked goods.
The smoothies are also amazing.
Try it - even if you're not into healthy food, it's very good.

So gooood.
The sandwiches and salads are amazing.
Protein bowels have so much food it can almost be two meals.
The teas are refreshing and they have free refills here which is awesome.
This place gets busy at lunch time but worth the wait since it's all healthy and fresh food.
(Way better than fast food) Definitely coming back here.

I adore the fact that I can walk into this ChopShop's location and not be bombarded with the endless amount of fraternity and sorority students in line waiting for their food *cough*Tempe*cough*  This location is busy, but not enough to make me go crazy when I'm craving and need a fix of their kale caesar salad.
I think the ample seating as this location has a lot to do with that.
Minus the location being closer to work, and home, I have to say this location is better when it comes to making the jacked up PB&J shake.
Even when I get the lactose free version, the flavor isn't as watered down, and considering I get this shake for the peanut butter taste, this one thing is a heaven sent.
The workers are also very friendly and if it wasn't for them I would have never heard about their rewards program they have going on.
As if I didn't eat here enough already.

I went to chop shop yesterday and I must say I don't care if I go back.
I got a protein bowl with steak and it was good, but I can get the same thing from other restaurants for a lot less money.
Plus, the wait was ridiculous!
I stood in line forever waiting to order and then it took forever to get the food.
My friend decided she was going to go get a lemonade, when the line was short, and it seriously took 5 minutes after she ordered to get her cup of lemonade.

I am overjoyed to have found this place.
I work beyond too much, and have resorted to eating whatever junky food I came across for the past few months - which has resulted in me gaining weight and feeling like garbage.
Until now.
Chop Shop recently opened near where I work, and as it turns out - there is one near my house too.
It's no more expensive then the fast food I've been living off of.
Everything they make is simple, fresh, organic and incredibly delicious.
Also they have a loyalty program, which is great for me, because I plan on eating here as much as possible.
Also the atmosphere at both locations is very lovely.

Just what downtown Chandler needed!
Awesome place with tasty food to boot.
This trendy spot is order-at-the-counter style.
The food is fresh with a healthy twist.
Some awesome options include: Low carb bread for sandwiches, stevia lemonade and quinoa sides... so great options you wouldn't typically find at most "healthy" restaurants.
I'll be back!

