It's mouse-wee and, with bare wood everywhere and a Wes Anderson coffee-table book there for the browsing, well, you could say it was hipster as hell.
But who cares?
Is that actually a perjorative term anyway?
They are a coffee shop, and so they have coffee, good coffee, although despite my recent CoffeeEpiphany™, I am very glad that I chose the hot chocolate, because... kids, let me tell you about that hot chocolate.
It was a marshmallow in a cup.
Now, you know and I know and the whole world knows that hot chocolate ain't worth squat if it doesn't come with marshmallow goodness, but what the world was waiting for Fortitude to show it is that putting the marshmallow on top is DOING IT WRONG.
I know this now.
I have seen the light.
It was a marshmallow...
In.
Cup.
The hot chocolate came in a little jug beside it.
And as I poured that creamy yum into the cup, the marshmallow began to gooify and disintegrate, becoming one with the liquid, until only part of its mass bobbed around on the surface.
And the hot chocolate was rich, and viscose, and sweet, and... revelatory.
Now then, it wasn't a big cup, and it did cost me £3.
Likewise, a very slim sliver of lemon drizzle cake, dense and moist though it was, set me back £2.60.
In all honesty, this is more of a 3.5 star review, because mighty fine though those things were I didn't feel they entirely justified the price... but heck, I'll go back for another, and a blueberry bundt while I'm at it, and if that doesn't qualify for a spot of enthusiasm in the starring then what does?

The Fortitude Coffee would be ideally describet in German "klein aber fein" (small but fine) and everything would have been said about it.
Situated on York Place between the National Portrait Gallery and the famous The Stand Comedy Club, this café is bound to be a sophisticated little Island of caffeine and sugar.
Normally I am not a fan of chain merchants but Fortitute takes the effort to make you feel like in a unique space.
There is actually only very little space.
Three tables, one round one and two smaller ones attached to the wall may sit 8 people comfortably, so it feels more intimate and offers some breathing space for you to sit and calm down from whatever you have been doing before you came here.
The coffee is REALLY good, they also sell several blends to take home.
They also offer a little cake selection, again, a small amount yet big in quality.
Definitely my a new top café for me :-)

I love having a 'boutique' coffee shop on the East side.
It's so nice not having to trek across town for a good cup of coffee.
It's true that if they pared this place back any further you'd be sitting on upturned crates but I like the minimalistic 'no fuss, no muss' look which is 'oh so trendy right now'.
It's a coffee shop, they sell fantastic coffee.
What else do you need?

I loved this wee spot on Queen Street.
I went on a bank holiday and it was completely empty, but the guy behind the counter was very polite and very carefully crafted my take-away flat white.
The interior isn't too big, but with so many nice places to sit outside during these spring days, taking away is a great option.
It is a very cool looking counter and it is basically a help yourself pastry counter, with a few options for nibbles supplied from Manna House off Easter Road.
With only one person making coffee this totally makes sense.
Now the coffee it self, is delicious!
A very hearty, strong, but not too overpowering blend, with no fruit or citrus flavors.
Very smooth and so easy to drink!
They use Workshop coffee out of London and also sell these as well as other local beans.
They also have a neat range of teas for those who don't drink coffee.
I am so tried of everywhere serving Artisan Roast, it is great to find a unique bean and friendly service.
A must if you are in the New Town area as it is one of the tastiest coffees I've had in Edinburgh!

Whooo!
I've been whisked away on a magic carpet ride to a utopian oasis of everything nice and caffeine.
Yippee!
This place sure rocks my socks!
Lovely, happy and friendly staff.
Great music.
I love their House Espresso Blend and would've tried their guest coffee too, but, I'm trying not to have too much in 1 day.
I can't wait to come back.
They also sell a highly tempting selection of cakes and loose leaf (proper) Tea.
This is now my favorite Coffee Bar in Etown which means I like it more than a certain place on South College.
Check it out!

Botique coffee shop offering a delightful fresh look on York Place.
Not only that, they supply cakes from Manna House and have excellent coffee.
A great flat white and a morish almond crossiant later and I want more.
Yeap it's that place, that you could get hooked on!
The staff were friendly and knowledgable too.
It's ashame i don't live nearer as this is a highlight for being in town for!

A lovely little, hipster style coffee shop.
Clean, slick design and beautiful decor.
Free wifi combined with exceptional coffee...
Awesome.
I had a flat white & will try a loose leaf tea next time.

