If this review was just for the morning crew, it would be a lot higher.
They are awesome.
However, the afternoon crew is another story.
There wasn't any of the Pike roast available when ordered.
No worries.
Waited a few minutes.
And a few minutes more...10 minutes go by, so up to the counter we go.
When asked if the coffee was ready, the barista says "oh..yeah.
" And starts pouting it.
He had completely forgotten about it and apparently forgot that it was paid for as he started talking crap as we were leaving.
A few other customers got their order incorrect as we were waiting too.
Maybe less time chit chatting at the counter and a little bit more time focusing on your customers would help.

So I visit this store at least once a day while I am at work, sometimes twice a day, so I thought things could only get better........
I guess I couldn't have been more wrong :-/  So I have long since given up on them learning my name (at least at this store) and as for memorizing my drink, I guess that's certainly out of the question, because we all know how hard it is to remember a Grande black coffee!!
I rarely order anything else, because when I do they always seem to get it wrong.
For some reason this store can't seem to understand what you mean when you order "non-fat" and then when you correct them on it, they get upset that they have to remake your drink.
But today was the creme de la creme of crappiness at this location!
I went in and ordered my usual Grande black coffee, and the barista told me that they didn't have any brewed, so he started brewing some and then charged me the $2.11.
He then proceeded to help the next few people in line and of course he completely forgot about my coffee.
So about 10 minutes later I went back up to the counter and asked if my coffee was ready and he said "oh yeah" and he poured my coffee and then instead of giving me my coffee, he proceeded to to walk over to another barista and have a random chat with her while holding my coffee?!
When he finally did make his way to the counter, I grabbed my coffee and started to walk out.
It was at that point he began talking to the other baristas and the people in line about how I didn't pay for my coffee!!!
Was he actually serious!!
I only wished he hadn't wasted my whole entire lunch break waiting for my coffee because I would have tore into him!
Dear tall barista at Sbux thanks for being such a jerk today and ruining my lunch break!
WORST SBUX EVER!!

My visit was on 6/12/14:  I'm appropriately titling this review: "Barista Bull S**t"  I always wondered why it took this location so long to be accessible on Yelp.com; maybe because they knew what kind of reviews they would get?
usually, I get my drink on the weekends with no hassle or fuss; however, on some occasions I do experience oddities; like this one:  -My father and I have been coming to this location for well over a year, my dad almost on a daily basis and usually at the same time everyday.
Do you think they would learn his or my name, what drinks we get.....nope!
My wife gets treated totally different by the Manager and staff when she goes in for coffee; why aren't we?
The manager spends most of the time gossiping among her cronies, all except one of which is a man.
This is one example of the nonsense that goes on behind the counter:  **** A fairly butch-looking staff member argued with me about whether the green tea they offered was pure green tea; she exclaimed Yes, it's pure green tea!
(This was before Starbucks offered China Green Tip Tea)  She was referring to a green tea blend with peppermint and other flavors......in no way shape or form is this PURE GREEN TEA!!!
**** She ended up giving me "what she thought was pure green tea"....it wasn't.
and I was really pissed at the fact that she argued with me, insisted she knew what she was talking about, and eventually was proven incorrect.
I told her I was recently at a Starbucks in China where they offered pure green tea; she said that's not possible.
I've noticed the staff (ladies) are only friendly to a select few customers; however, I believe it all stems from what the manager allows, and she seems to happily support this behavior.
On another note:  The new furniture is very uncomfortable when compared to their previous lounge-type furniture.
***By the looks of the previous reviews, I would say they're spot on and that this location has some "personal" improvements to make to improve customer service and consistency regarding their products.

