We were very pleased with everything.
All ingredients were fresh.
They serve huge amounts of food.
The dinner combos come with egg roll cream cheese puffs lo mein with fried rice.
We also got a free order of chicken fried rice.
Our dishes that had chicken was made with chicken breast.
That's a plus.
I ordered the chicken with veg in white garlic sauce.
It was very tasty.
Veggies were perfectly cooked still had the fresh crunch but cooked enough where you can taste the name of the dish.
Spicy orange chicken was good wasn't overly sweet but had a light kick of the chili flakes.
Chicken jalapeño was a little spicy but spicy enough for the person that likes some heat.
Chicken and mushroom was really good too.
No can mushrooms used here.
I really hope this place sticks around.
I like Chinese food and panda express does not do it for me.
Yans is near but I am not a fan.
All  good Chinese places are ridiculously far.
Now maybe I am overly excited to welcome this new establishment but who cares.
Give these guys a try maybe for lunch  it's a few bucks cheaper.
Let's help keep them in the community.
We honestly need something different out here.
I will go back.
If my experience is any different I will yelp about it.

Not bad at all but is not even close to great Chinese food we've had elsewhere in the country.
We still have not found a great place in the valley so our search continues.
It would have been better, however, the Mongolian Beef we had tasted like burnt oil and overpowered any other flavor it might have had.
The other two dishes were acceptable and we would eat them again.
Again, food was ok and definitely not a place to be avoided.

The food was awesome,  the service was quick, and this place is a hidden gem.
I had the jalapeño chicken it is really spicy but it's a good spice.
I can't wait to get back and try something else.

Been looking for a good Chinese place on this side of town...
The orange chicken was some of the best I've ever had.
It's thinly sliced chicken and lightly battered and fried.
Then they add the orange sauce.
All combos come with rice, low mien, egg roll and cream cheese Rangoon.
Prices are comparable and you can actually see the kitchen while they cook your food.

Excellent service!
Very good, fresh food!
Clean, upscale decor.
The food was all fresh cooked to order.
Seasoned just right, except for the egg rolls, which I thought were a bit too peppery.
Overall, very delicious.
My favorite was the fried shrimp.
Not rubbery as most places serve it.
Nothing tasted greasy, even the fried foods.
Large quantity served, so come hungry or prepare to take home lot's of leftovers.
Our server was very sweet and got the order right.
Kept our water and tea glasses full.
They display an A rating from the health dept., and it shows.
You can see the kitchen from the dining area, and it looks very clean.
Reasonable prices.
We paid $40 for dinner for two, including tip, and we took home enough for another meal.
This is a new place so they don't have a beer/wine license yet.

Not good unless you're starving and there's no Chinese food within 10 miles!!!
Brand new place, 1st visit, ordered 3 dinner items to go.
The bad:   2x cooked pork was ok, sweet and sour chicken breading tasted like plastic, plum sauce was like store-bought-bottled and bad tasting, beef and broccoli had so much oyster sauce in the mix it was too salty to eat.
The good:  Large portion size, prices a bit high but ok for location.
There's a place right across the street with much better food albeit way smaller portions.
I might give this place a 2nd chance and try other options... maybe!
The ugly: go starving and love "buffet style flavored" chinese food or eat elsewhere!

We stopped in for dinner.
It is a casual restaurant setting all new and very clean.
The service was good and quick.
I ordered the sesame chicken combo which came with soup to start and the chicken, rice and chow mein.
It also came with an egg roll and two cheese wontons that were really good.
The portions were large which I love because that gives me enough for lunch the next day.
The prices were reasonable and the good was as good as anything in the area.
They also offer take out.

Fantastic chinese for the west valley where we so not have anything other than panda express, have been back a couple of times.

My test of an Asian restaurant is whether they can make good fried rice and hot and sour soup.
Both are pretty easy, use simple ingredients but take some skill and technique to do well.
Wok Wei serves both done right.
Fried rice is smoky from the hot wok, cooked to order and is a great comfort food.
Hot and sour soup was full of tasty meats and vegetables including the traditional lily buds.
I would have liked it a little more spicy and sour, but that is being a bit picky.
Their soup is almost as good as I make.
I enjoyed both.
The spicy foods are quite tame, Americanized for the local market.
Next time I'll ask to kick it up a notch.
It is a bit noisy with blazing woks in the open kitchen.
There is a noticeable decrease in noise when the flame thrower burners are turned off between orders.
Generally, I have enjoyed everything so far.

I'm a big fan of Asian food.
I'm also a little picky about it.
This place has become my favorite!
And it's been a very long time since I've been able to find such a place.
There is nothing on the menu that I'm not a fan of.
I eat there at least once a week at this point.
Seriously good stuff!

