Excellent donuts with creative flavors!
And they are serving awesome coffee from small-batch roaster, Caffe Vita!

I really wanted to like this place.
The doughnuts seemed really unique..
I mean who thinks of stuffing cereal milk pudding inside of a doughnut?
I went one afternoon with my coworker, and we got a dozen of their finest (or at least what was left) which costed just over $25.
Our selection included vegan, fancy and traditional doughnuts.
We brought them back to work.
and basically tried every flavor.
The traditional doughnuts are nothing special.
I strongly advise you to stay away from the chocolate cake doughnut, it's awful!
The Vegan doughnuts are bland - not even close to Ronald's and like double the cost.
The super fancy donuts are just okay.
The most exciting thing about them are the descriptions.
You hear the ingredient list and think that's gotta be yummy, but after you taste it you're pretty underwhelmed.
I will say the bacon doughnut is pretty good.
I'm usually not a fan, but they filling is divine.
Would I deal with the downtown parking/traffic for it?
Probably not.
I love local businesses.
I hope they find a way to make their doughnuts more tasty, affordable and pretty.
If I'm pay $3-$4 for a doughnut, I don't want the toppings sliding off the top.

Would give zero stars if i could!
Over ten dollars for four doughnuts?
No prices listed.
No descriptions listed.
And the doughnuts were so GREASY!
You could taste it.
My hand was covered in it.
We didnt even finish them, just tossed them out.
Will never go back.
Go to Pinkbox instead!

After seeing some activity on their facebook page, I decided to walk by after having brunch down the street at Eat.
To my surprise, it was their first day of being open.
I got the rootbeer doughnut, which had a rootbeer caramel glaze, some kind of filling (maybe vanilla?
) and chocolate covered pop rocks.
My family decided on the s'mores, maple bacon, and the chocolate old fashioned doughnuts.
They were all delicious.
The actual dough wasn't too sweet, which I enjoyed, and neither were any of the frostings/glazes/fillings.
They use Caffe Vita coffee from Seattle, and even do a cold brew for their iced coffee.
I didn't have a chance to try them, but they also make savory doughnuts.
They make them when you order, so they don't have any on display in their shop.
I didn't see a menu when I was in there, so definitely ask about them when you go in.
The pastry chef was seemed very excited to be opened, and seemed to have a huge passion for what she is creating.
If you're in the downtown area and are looking for a treat, I'd recommend stopping by.
I'd also recommend stopping by even if you're not in the downtown area!

I was so excited to hear that we had a donut shop opening downtown and even more excited when one of my coworkers left me a delicious looking S'mores donut last week.
I immediately cut it into quarters and shared with my coworkers.
I was so glad that I did because it was SO incredibly sweet that I couldn't eat more than a bite.
The chocolate donut with chocolate cream is not a good combination, thanks in part to the donut part tasting kind of bitter.
My coworkers agreed and we were left with a bit of a bad taste in our mouths, literally.
Fast forward to the weekend and one of my coworkers asked me to walk with him to grab a dozen donuts for his team.
I am so glad I did!
The shop is adorable and hip on the inside.
My favorite part is that it is completely open and you can see them frying, dipping, and frosting donuts right before your eyes.
These things are fresh!
I was able to steal a few bites, here' s the skinny:  The lemon donut is filled with a delicious lemon custard with a blueberry compote on top.
My favorite part was the toasted marshmallow nest that the blueberries rested in, so yummy!
I also tried the key lime, which also has a blueberry compote, but it is nestled in whipped cream.
It was good, but I preferred the lemon.
The fruity pebbles has a gross looking fruity pebbles custard inside, but if you can get past the looks it actually tastes pretty good.
I was also able to sample the old fashioned and the apple fritter (bonus points for having free samples on the display case) and they didn't disappoint.
This morning left me feeling happy that I had given them a second chance.
They are a little on the pricey side, a dozen donuts was $20, but they make everything fresh all day long.
They rotate flavors and are constantly inventing new flavor combinations.
I'm excited to see what the future holes for this little shop, I know that I will be back for sure!

Items Selected: "Traditional" Old Fashioned with crème fraiche Yeast Raised Bacon Apple Fritter S'mores Apple Pie Blackberry with Lemon Zest Lemon Rosemary Meringue with Blueberry Puree Boston Cream  Cleverly named, conveniently located, and featuring the skills of a true pastry chef one might say that 6th Street's "O Face Doughnuts" is Sin City's first true 'gourmet' doughnuttery and officially open now for just one week my first take on the place can best be summed up with one word; Potential.
Owned by Sonny Ahuja and featuring the talents of Crystal Whitford, both present when the doors to the cutesy space clicked open at 9:00am, the most conspicuous item missing as I arrived was unfortunately that which I had come for...the fried dough inexplicably delayed as a team of four worked diligently in the open kitchen to feed a growing crowd.
Clearly working out kinks on the fly but never once frazzled as each of several dozen options were rolled, fried, and glazed it was nearly one hour and one hundred patrons into the morning that I watched Whitford and her team work before I made my eight selections and paying the $18 tab my sampling began, a piping hot apple fritter tinged with crispy bacon proving closer to monkey-bread in its large pull-apart structure and supple crumb.
Moving next to a duo of classics, suffice it to say that whatever led to the morning delay and rushed prep-work yielded far too oily an old fashioned along with a flaccid yeast-raised ring but moving on to the filled options the chef's skills shined as house-made creams, compotes, purees, and curds all impressed inside yeasty pockets with an array of delicate glazes.
A strong believer that failing to prepare is preparing to fail but also attuned to the difficulties intrinsic to opening a new business I look forward to seeing how O Face grows and evolves but based on first impressions and a brief conversation with Chef Whitford and staff as they worked I'm rather confident O Face will soon find its footing and fill a long empty gap in DTLV.

This is a duplicate.
Someone needs to consolidate these two reviews: "Traditional" Old Fashioned with crème fraiche Yeast Raised Bacon Apple Fritter S'mores Apple Pie Blackberry with Lemon Zest Lemon Rosemary Meringue with Blueberry Puree Boston Cream  Cleverly named, conveniently located, and featuring the skills of a true pastry chef one might say that 6th Street's "O Face Doughnuts" is Sin City's first true 'gourmet' doughnuttery and officially open now for just one week my first take on the place can best be summed up with one word; Potential.
Owned by Sonny Ahuja and featuring the talents of Crystal Whitford, both present when the doors to the cutesy space clicked open at 9:00am, the most conspicuous item missing as I arrived was unfortunately that which I had come for...the fried dough inexplicably delayed as a team of four worked diligently in the open kitchen to feed a growing crowd.
Clearly working out kinks on the fly but never once frazzled as each of several dozen options were rolled, fried, and glazed it was nearly one hour and one hundred patrons into the morning that I watched Whitford and her team work before I made my eight selections and paying the $18 tab my sampling began, a piping hot apple fritter tinged with crispy bacon proving closer to monkey-bread in its large pull-apart structure and supple crumb.
Moving next to a duo of classics, suffice it to say that whatever led to the morning delay and rushed prep-work yielded far too oily an old fashioned along with a flaccid yeast-raised ring but moving on to the filled options the chef's skills shined as house-made creams, compotes, purees, and curds all impressed inside yeasty pockets with an array of delicate glazes.
A strong believer that failing to prepare is preparing to fail but also attuned to the difficulties intrinsic to opening a new business I look forward to seeing how O Face grows and evolves but based on first impressions and a brief conversation with Chef Whitford and staff as they worked I'm rather confident O Face will soon find its footing and fill a long empty gap in DTLV.

Barely even open and they already have these 5 star reviews.
Good for them.
Good for Downtown Las Vegas.
But let's see what's really going on.
Short Review: O Face Donuts is new and located off 6th near Carson.
They got donuts, the place is tiny, and the service, I thought, was pretty good.
You'll find what I call "Candy" Donuts, traditional donuts, and Vegan Donuts.
But overall, I wasn't a fan and left wondering if I just came during the wrong time.
I tried the Apple Bacon Fritter, their glaze, their chocolate, their sprinkles donut, and the Root Beer Float.
All looked good, but that's about it.
Longer Review: First of all, I think the location is great but a little tough to find.
If it wasn't for some dude walking out with a donut in his mouth, I think I would have been walking circles around this joint.
The place is tiny and I can't imagine what it's like if they had a line.
There's really no place to enjoy your donut and if you find a seat, expect to feel a little cramped.
Most donut shops are small, but at least some have outside seating.
Just saying.
As for their donuts... -Their Root Beer Float:  I read fellow Yelper Corene's review and she described what I expected to taste.
But I didn't share Corene's experience.
Their Root Beer Float donut had a lot going on....glazed with caramel, stuffed inside with a vanilla root beer filling, and topped with chocolate pop rocks.
Sounds delicious, but there was so much going that my taste buds were a little confused.
I enjoyed the root beer filling and the chocolate pop rocks.
It's the actual donut that I wasn't too impressed with.
I think the donut itself was a little to bready.
It's hard for me to describe, but think of those Hostess donuts that you can get at a 7-Eleven.
Yup..that was my experience.
-Glazed:  I didn't buy this one.
Tasted one of their samples and wasn't overly impressed.
Again, I thought that this donut was a little to bready.
-Apple Bacon Fritter:  The gf got this one and was willing to share.
Looked good, but felt like it was kept a little too long in the fryer.
This was greasy and some parts of it was burnt to a bacon type crisp.
-Chocolate Donut:  The chocolate icing was a little too much, too rich, and too thick.
Again, wasn't impressed with the actual donut.
-Donut with Sprinkles:  This wasn't too bad.
The icing and sprinkles was the highlight.
The Staff: Excellent, 5 Stars, "as good as it gets", and customer oriented.
It's just a shame that their donuts aren't excellent, "as good as it gets", and belly oriented.
My first impression...I'm not a fan.
But that doesn't mean I'm not coming back.
I know they're new and I am willing to give them another try.
Hopefully, my next experience is better.
If so, I will up my rating.
But at this point, I just don't see myself going out of my way to come here, especially when there's a lot of other donut shops in town that leave me wanting more.
PS:  Just because I'm not a fan, doesn't mean others won't be.
The first 3 reviews are all 5 stars.
That means someone liked them.
I hope that what it means.

The only place downtown that always has heavy cream to make me cappuccinos and start off my day from the right foot.
I don't eat donuts but all the friends who went there with me loved them.
Thank you ladies!

A new addition to my favorite area of Las Vegas.
After brunch we stopped here  for some treats to take home.
The place is small upon entering.
There were people congregated around the counters so I wasn't sure where the line began or ended.
We made our way to the display case when it became visible and got in line.
There is an open view of the kitchen where you see the dough being made and hand rolled and cut.
The woman behind the counter kindly described each available doughnut to everyone ordering.
I tried the key lime pie, the root beer, the Mexican chocolate with horchata filling, Nutella with hazelnuts on top.
He doughnut itself seemed oily/greasy in taste, maybe the oil wasn't hot enough when the batch was fried?
This was a let down since it was consistent in each one.
All the filling and topping were good, not overly sweet.
The Nutella doughnut tasted more like chorale and not the Nutella taste that I love.
The staff was wry friendly and attentive.they were preparing coffees while you were waiting in the doughnut line to keep a flow going.
It is a new place and will try them again.
I hope it was just an off day..

I really wanted to love this place....
But their donuts are terrible!!!
And very expensive!!!
$9 for 4 donuts?!?!!!
All i could say is, "it better be to die for!!!
" And what a disappointment it was when i bit into a dry/ stale tasting Boston Cream donut, & the chocolate cake donut tasted like a shot of grease!!
Yuckkk!!

I love this place!
I am loving all the new donut shops that have opened in Vegas the past year, but this one is the best.
Better than Pink Box!
I recommend the Root Beer donut.

My boss asked me to pick up doughnuts and coffee for a work meeting and I wanted to try this place so I called them.
I arranged a pick up order for the next morning of two dozen doughnuts and two traveling carafes of coffee.
I gave them a pick up time of 8:30 AM as our meeting started at 9:00.
When I got to the shop at exactly 8:30 nothing was ready for me.
The girl said it would be at least 10 more minutes to brew enough coffee to fill the two carafes I'd ordered but in the meantime she would put together my two dozen doughnuts.
It turned out to be lucky they were so unprepared for me because when I found out it was $18.00 per carafe for the coffee, I realized it was outside my budget and skipped it.
I paid $40 for two dozen donuts, mainly just their traditionals with three or four "specialty" doughnuts and went on my merry way.
As for the taste of the donuts?
Meh.
I ate the fruity pebbles specialty doughnut and it was tasty except for the filling which was a gross looking gloppy hunk of I don't know what exactly.
I left that part on my plate.
As for my co-workers, some liked their doughnuts, some didn't.
I had a couple complaints of "greasy," "bland," and "burnt.
" In the late afternoon there were still a few doughnuts left so I tried another one.
It was just a simple glazed traditional doughnut and yes....it was burnt.
The glaze could not cover the burnt taste.
Suffice to say, the next time I need doughnuts and coffee for an office meeting I'll just stop at my neighborhood Dunkin' Donuts.

I have been here twice so far, and  I absolutely love this place!
I've had the Root beer Float doughnut, the Key Lime, Fruity Pebbles, Boston Cream, Lemon Merengue and chocolate vegan doughnut.
Each one was delicious!
The doughnuts that I had were not at all greasy.
They were fresh and had a very generous amount of filling in them ( with the exception of the vegan doughnut which was not filled, but was very moist and very tasty)!
The decor at O Face Doughnuts is retro, and in my opinion, rather quaint.
It is also super clean!
The staff are very friendly and provide great customer service.
This is my new go to place for doughnuts from now on!

Great selection.
Tried 4 doughnuts.
All were good and better than pink box.
Price is about the same.
The s'mores and Boston cream was delicious.
Raspberry lemon cream was great.
They just open about a week.
For sure they will have more creations.

Such a cool place!
First, I love the vintage feel and design and can't wait to see the patio area built out!
The staff was super friendly and offered a lot of personal attention!
The doughnuts were spectacular!
Well worth the price!
We had a selection of fruity pebble, bacon apple fritter, classic chocolate and vegan chocolate with sprinkles!!
Next time I will for sure have a savory doughnut!!
Love that option!
It's great to see Locals doing great things!
This building is going to be so awesome once it's complete !

If yelp offered no star I'd certainly give them that for customer service.
Stopped there at 730am this morning, only about 8 varieties of donuts made.
Asked if they had apple fritters, no they are not made.
Then asked if they had the blackberry with lemon glaze, NO not making them today.
Are you kidding All donuts should be made and available a half hour after opening their door and unprepared.
How about "time to make the donuts"

Aw man, I really wanted to love this place.
Got lost as mapquest told me to turn into 6th street but it's just off of 6th.
When I walked in, felt like I was in the 70's.
Pretty small space but cute interior with classic oldies playing in the background.
Ordered the root beer float, nutella, fruit loops, smores, bacon fritter, mexican, blackberry, and lemon meringue donuts with a salted caramel almond milk latte all for about $25.
The root beer float, nutella, smores, and bacon fritter were pretty good (not pictured: the fritter and nutella because I ate them before I snapped a pic); everything else, I'd pass on.
The coatings on the donuts were very melty and I wasn't too fond of the fillings in them.
It was runny!
Tip: have a bunch of napkins on you while eating them because I spilled all sorts of fillings on myself and had to lick my fingers off.
They also have their own homemade syrups for their coffee drinks (salted caramel, vanilla, and hazelnut) but the latte I got was just alright.
Overall, cool spot, friendly staff, and okay donuts that are on the pricier side.
I'll give it another try but for now, I still prefer pinkbox and ronald's.

Not sure what the hype is about at this place.
I went on a Friday afternoon with a large group visiting from norCal.
When I first walked in, I noticed two of the staff frosting the donuts and one of the girls was snacking on them.
Not sure if they were taste-testing?
Also, there were no signs/labels for the donut varieties.
I had to ask what every type was and I felt bad because there was a long line behind me.
I chose a plain glazed and a gluten-free carrot donut.
The glazed wasn't as good as Krispy Kreme and the carrot donut was super greasy inside and burnt!

Anyone saying Dunkin Donuts is better probably shouldn't yelp as your taste buds are dead.
O face makes great donuts.
I usually run when I hear terms like vegan or gluten free but I honestly couldn't tell the difference between vegan or standard as they're both delicious.
I've been there twice and the staff is great, prices are clearly posted.
The donuts are mos def handmade and don't fall into a cookie cutter shape like Dunkin or Winchell's.
All in all a great donut shop.

Well, we don't have nothing like this out Burlington, VT way.
At least in terms of doughnuts.
Had spent almost a week in Vegas (out in South Point land) before stumbling across it.
Was being good and got almost a block away before yelling to the sky, "OK!
I'll go.
" Like to pretend it was a higher spirit but was probably just my earth pig (Chinese Medicine) nature.
That part of me that loves the things of this planet, the sensuousness of life experiences.
Not a difficult thing, to engage in sensuality here.
I had to stop the person behind the counter after describing the eighth of 12 donuts.
Sensory overload.
While the dark chocolate covered Boston creme was giving me that, "Oh, you so know you want to" look, I tried to err on the side of something a bit less rich and dark.
So I went with the Key Lime.
Yes, less dark.
No, not less rich.
Just a note to all those who prefer to eat their donuts with their pinkies extended, this is not the place for you.
Off with thee!!!
High thee to a place where donuts are singular in your experience of them.
Here we have crafted objects d'culinary art.
Yes, if you're not careful, you will find portions of your donuts everywhere.
The wife took one look at me, halfway through my donut and lost it.
If you've ever seen a man with a dark beard with key lime filling dripping... need I say more.
Anyhow, the donut was wonderful.
Maybe, just maybe, a little bit more lime zest with the filling but I'm an extremist.
The best thing about this place, well, one of the best things, is that it is very possible to eat two, maybe even three donuts.
They are not humongous (remember Rose's in Portland, Oregon, anyone).
I really, really wished we had found this place at the beginning instead of the end of our trip.
We have been so taken with the non-Strip Las Vegas that we are going to attempt to snow-bird it this coming winter.
I am very lucky to have a partner who understands how amazing food is to me.
Even though it is not probably the smartest dietary thing I could do, I plan on four a week, come January.
If you're coming to O Face, try to keep in mind, this is art.
it gets messy.
Sometimes it doesn't work.
Sometimes it's not about what you think it should be.
Culinary art is about expanding the possibilities.
Learning to enjoy the misses for how they speak to the possibilities is a great skill to pick up.

I will eat one key lime donut per week, nor more than that.
I must repeat this mantra daily and remind myself that if I eat all the donuts, they won't be as special and I won't appreciate the moments of donut when I am allowed them.
Yes.
I will be strong.
I will not eat all the donuts, every day.
This all aside, O Face is a gem.
I have had the key lime (obviously), the vegan blackberry, the lemon meringue, the root beer float, the fruity pebbles, and the Mexican chocolate.
All are exceptional.
You cannot be disappointed by this place if you truly love donuts!

This places doughnuts are thick and hearty.
It reminds me much of Voodoo donuts.
So if your familiar with that place you'd enjoy this place.
The coffee and espresso is all quality.
Over all this place is a little lore exspensive then let's say Winschels or Dunken donuts...
But the coffee and donuts are a cut above as they use designer coffee and dough of unique thickness.
I hope this place survives and continues providing quality food that's not just high fructose corn syrup in the shape of an O.

Not going to write a long review....just wanna say AMAZING!!!
other donut places have some big shoes to fill....this place is donut Nirvana.....can't wait to go back and try the savory smoked salmon donut...to the staff...keep it up!!!

Took a special drive to downtown to try out the new donut shop in town only to be disappointed.
It started out great.
They lady greeted me and walked me through all the donuts they offer.
I picked out the apple pie and fried to order lox donut.
The lox donut filling was amazing.
Fresh dill and green onions with a nice smokey salmon.
But I didn't like the yeasty/sour dough they used.
Covered up the flavor of the filling and wasn't very crispy.
They apple pie donut which the lady said was her first love at the shop was way undercooked.
Around the apple was completely raw.
Waste of my $2.25.
The cold brew coffee would be perfect with a nice sweet donut.
$9.73 for two donuts and a small coffee it is just a little to much for me.
I will stay with Ronald Donuts as my go to donut place.

I'm really excited this shop is around!
I love seeing artisan bakeshops and this one is something special.
However, my thighs are glad it's 30 minutes away!
Haha!
Seriously, the BEST donuts I've ever had.
We tried traditional chocolate, s'more, maple bacon, Irish whiskey (I think that's what it was called), and the apple bacon fritter (we shared!!
)  :)

I had high hopes ever since I saw a photo of a dozen delectable looking donuts, posted by a friend on Facebook.
But alas, I'm sorry to report that my experience was just okay.
I tried the s'mores and the raspberry.
The s'mores had a marshmallow top with crushed graham crackers, filled with a chocolate cream inside.
The raspberry had a raspberry glaze and sprinkles on top, filled with a raspberry cream inside.
Usually I have to stop myself from eating the whole thing (i.e.
Pink Box), but in this case, I was done after eating less than half.
Honestly, it just wasn't worth the calories.
My husband had the bacon maple (which he said was okay).
I also got him a bacon fritter, but it's still sitting in the box.
Service was great and I really wish I could've given them more stars.
But in the spirit of honest yelping, unfortunately I cannot.

I'm not the biggest fan of Pink Box, I actually think most of their selection is too sweet.
Based on 2 visits to O Face, I think their selection is great.
I've brought home a variety for my family and enjoyed all of them except the Horchata one.
That combination just didn't work for me.
Their coffee is on point, I usually don't expect much when it comes to coffee at doughnut shops.

An innocent bystander walked in front of a doughnut shop after a stressful experience of parallel parking in Downtown Las Vegas - scores a free box of O Face doughnuts!
Your parents told you not to take anything from a stranger when you were little.
But you're not a little kid anymore so, take all the free doughnuts!!!
Included in my box were 4 Mexicans, Apple Pie, Chocolate, Blackberry, chocolate cake and one more doughnut that wasn't too memorable.
They remind me of Dunkin Donuts because they're dry, heavy and dense.
They were greasy too.
I do like the variety of flavors.
Flavors you might have had from Pink Box or in Portland's Blue Star except they're not as well-executed.
They're new so they still have lots of room for improvement.
I'll be back in a few months and give them another shot.

In the midst of the wreck that is the hotel on carson between 6th and Las Vegas Blvd, is a happy doughnut face staring at you, inviting you to brave the sketchy building and find out what is making that doughnut so happy.
Venture inside and you won't be disappointed.
Fresh donuts, good tunes and friendly faces welcome you in.
Flavors such as Bacon Apple Fritter, passion fruit raspberry, espresso, and more will delight your pallet,  Priced between $1.25 and $2.50 per doughnut, these creations rise above their surroundings.
I tried the bacon apple fritter.
The fritter itself was light and almost croissant flaky which was awesome.
However, it was slightly less apple than I like and to be honest, the bacon was just a hint in the background, like an afterthought.
The doughnut itself makes this place worthy of repeat visits, if the waistline can handle it.
I can't wait to try the other flavors.
But dieting, that wait will be a while.

Yes!
I've finally found a legitimate donut shop in Vegas!
I've been wanting to try O Face donuts since it opened and got my chance after running the 5k Sprinkler Sprint downtown.
Our on-foot GPS led us astray in trying to find the shop, and just when we were about to give up on our search,  I noticed the pink donut marking O Face Donuts.
It's on the corner of 6th Street and Carson in a white building with blue trim.
We walked inside and were immediately greeted even though the employees even though they were busy helping other customers.
The couple in front of us were being extremely indecisive and took awhile.
After they finished and left, the employee taking orders turned to us and thanked us for our patience and apologized for the wait.
I ordered a basic frosted donut with chocolate frosting and shredded coconut on top ($1.35).
The employee was beyond super friendly and chit chatted with me up until I paid.
She inquired about the 5k run and seemed like she was genuinely interested.
The overall customer service experience was amazing!
Don't even get me started on how awesome the donut tasted!
The donut was soft and tasted fresh.
The chocolate frosting was thick, creamy, and rich.
The coconut shreds were great too.
I will definitely come back to O Face Donuts anytime I'm downtown in the morning time.

O Face Doughnuts is within walking distance of my office so I might be a regular.
My goal is to try the whole menu.
They have a lot of variety so that might take a while.
Thus far I've had the lemon rosemary, passion raspberry, almond joy, and a chocolate one I can't remember.
I have not tried the regular/traditional doughnuts yet...I get too distracted by the sprinkles and whatnot.
Right now the passion raspberry is my reigning favorite.
The one complaint I have about the doughnuts is that the gourmet doughnuts are a little overstuffed so you might have to eat them in one sitting.
They are a little messy and might fall apart if you try to set them down.
The coffee is not that great.
It's not undrinkable, but I think they could definitely improve in that department.
Service is pretty good.
In Vegas we get a little spoiled by the very professional service industry we have here and this place is no exception.
The staff is friendly and attentive.
They are happy to explain the different flavors and offer their recommendations.
Overall - thumbs up.
You should definitely try this place out.

Delish!
The original glazed paired with their ice coffee is my favorite.
A must go!!

O Face was just ok.
I spent $5 for a very small coffee and a good donut, was not worth the price for me.
I tired the Bacon Apple Fritter, it was good but not great.
The glaze on the dount was ok but the the bacon and custard inside of it was really good.

Interesting selection.
Donuts had a nice crispy layer from the fryer but I was left with a greasy aftertaste.
Blueberry one was good but the almond joy was my favorite.
The cream filling had a weird texture.

I was really looking forward to a neighborhood donut shop, but I couldn't have been more disappointed.
First, their menu consists of a counter with donuts on display, half of which don't have a description as to what they are.
Now, I get it, donut shops don't normally have a menu of ingredients for their donuts, but this place has made an extra effort to make their donuts "different" and I don't feel my confusion was unjustified.
After, being given explanations as to donut flavors by an, much annoyed by my inquiries, employee.
My wife and I got 4 donuts, I got the maple bacon donut and the strawberry short cake donut, but you could have just called them the greasy and sticky ones.
As for my wife, I guess they weren't memorable enough to remember what she got and let me put it this way, 2 weeks later one of them is still sitting in my fridge.
I can't see myself going back here ever, but I do see groupons in o face's future.

Fun flavors but more oily/greasier.
They taste like donuts you microwave the next day.
There good just a different heavier kind of donut which my husband loves, I prefer more traditional dough.
My favorite is the vegan mixed berry one although last time I had one I couldn't eat it cause the dough wasn't cooked all the way.
There was a filling that wasn't the berries.
I do really like their savory ones, the pizza roll and the salmon and cream cheese ones are amazing!

THE BEST DONUTS EVER!!!!
Done and done, I can't believe the mediocre reviews, from service to selection, to price and most importantly FLAVOR the girls at O Face get 5 stars for everything!
They are so nice, super patient, explained EVERY flavor to me with a smile on their face!
Located a block from Fremont Street was perfect for us to walk and get breakfast.
They have a vegan section which looked great but I wanted to narrow it down to half a dozen and went with the most exciting sounding ones.
Prices range from $1.25-$2.25 super cheap, considering in LA and OC I have paid double easily and often.
You see the donuts being made, filled and glazed right behind the counter, everything is so shiny and amazing looking!
They also have donut ice cream sandwiches, but they all had liquor based ice cream and I was sharing with my son, so  next time.
Their flavors are always changing, so many I saw on Yelp were not available.
My son wanted the bacon apple fritter which they did not have but they gave him a bacon topped cream filled one.
I don't remember the names of any but we had the bacon topped cream filled, SO much cream and it was GOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!
The combo with bacon I am not a fan of but my son loved it!
Captain Crunch with cereal milk creme filling, YUUUUM!!!
Almond Joy filled with coconut cream Cherry Coke Float Mexican chocolate with Horchata cream filling The last one with oats and fruit, ALL of them were th best thing I have ever tasted.
The dough was fried a bit longer than most donuts, I LOVED that, the glazes and fillings were SO good, you can taste the love, care and thought that gets put into each and every donut, they need to hurry and expand to SoCal ASAP!!!

Um, the doughnuts were oily and greasy, I didn't like it.
I'm not writing this to dis a local business, but to encourage improvement.
The trend is more and more toward healthy food - you can't deny or fight them - like it or not.
Luddite movement won't have a chance.
Internet is not a series of tubes.
Healthy food trends are not an elitism - every culturally matured developed country has it and it will never reverse.
I thought O Face Doughnuts got a potential - just do more research and offer something better.

Hands down the vegan donuts are amazing the only negative is that I wish the carrot cake donut was way bigger :)  The s'more donut that was awesome along with the mayan and Mexican chocolate spice ..  Taylor was very helpful with all questions we had and made us some great coffee!!!
** check out the wallpaper in the bathroom pretty cute  We will definitely be returning to "O Face... "

I like that they offer lots of fancy vegan donuts (as opposed to just plain glaze & chocolate).
On the day I went their vegan options included Rosewater, Mixed Cherry, Blackberry, Apple Pie, Almond Joy, vegan glaze sprinkle, & a few others.
I opted for the Blackberry, Apple Pie, & Vanilla Sprinkle.
The Blackberry & Apple pie were both very scrumptious, but they certainly live up to their "thou art greasy" reputation.
So much grease I could hear Travolta & Newton-John duets emitting from these donuts.
If they can find a way to dial down the grease factor while keeping the flavor, they may be able to give the other popular donut joint in Vegas some real competition.
Maybe.
Easy to find.
Located off the far north end of the strip, @ 1 block east of Las Vegas Blvd.
Metered street parking.
Limited seating inside.
They offer soy milk.
I do not drink coffee, so I cannot comment on that.

Some of the most amazing hand crafted donuts I've had since I could remember.
The maple bacon thing was a mouthgasm as well as the fruity pebble donut.
Their donuts are such perfection and a gift to your palate.

I would have to call this a "boutique" doughnut shop.
The prices are a little higher than your standard doughnut fare, but the quality is better, and the selections are more unique.
I've been twice as of this review.
I've tried their key lime, Mexican chocolate, and maple bacon flavors.
The missus had one with Cap'n Crunch.
The doughnuts are very flavorful and filling.
I enjoyed them, but I think moderation is key in this case.
They also serve up a nice iced coffee.
As far as location goes, they are on Sixth Street... but let me amend the directions, because I found it confusing.
They are indeed on 6th, and they're in the hotel that is currently seeing a lot of construction.
But they are also around the corner.
Suite 140 itself is actually just around the corner more on Carson, making it more the intersection of 6th and Carson.
This little addendum will save you the merry jaunt that I had inside the hotel looking for the place.
All in all, I like O Face as more of a "treat" style doughnut place.
The staff was decent, the doughnuts are tasty, and the varieties are far different than your run of the mill doughnut shack.
Just expect higher prices and a semi-confusing location, and you'll start your breakfast out on a good note.

If you are near downtown Las Vegas (or have a car to drive there) you must try these donuts.
The Lemon is filled with the same tart lemon as a lemon bar.
The Peach is filled with peach cream and topped with crumble.
Can't wait to try the chocolate.
Take these to friends, family or co-workers.
One note - the entrance is on Carson not Sixth.

I have been to O face donuts twice now.
First of all I'm elated that there is a great donuts shop downtown.
It's getting so that it's worth a trip downtown.
Then when you walk in this is the cutest little shop.
I told the person working behind the counter how cute I thought the shop was and she indicated they were going for 70s vibe.
When you really look at it they've got that 70s vibe.
The staff are all really helpful they will describe all of the donuts to you including fillings the frostings the decorations everything.
When I first went I ordered the old fashion on the recommendation of a friend.
It was fried to I would say well done which was good.
It also had a hint of lemon which I found very enjoyable.
Today I had the chocolate cinnamon doughnut with caramel pearls on top.
It was quite good.
I was worried that the doughnut would not be cooked well or would be too greasy based upon the reviews however I didn't find this to be true.
I will keep going!!!

