This place gets it's two stars for the pizza, it actually was pretty decent, good sauce and the flavored garlic crust was good.
We got the pepperoni, sausage, bacon, and onion and I liked it.
The pricing was comparable to the 10+ other pizza places in the area.
The cheese breadstick were just ok.
The minus 3 stars was for the service/employees working there when we went in.
They were arguing with one another, the delivery driver walked in and he was definitely stoned.
Don't come to work stoned then again I'm  sure he gets free pizza and munchies for his higher state.
Though the pizza was worth it we decided we can get pizza from other places with better service and better cheesebread.
I was not impressed with the unprofessionalism of the employees when we went in.

The pizza here is pretty legit.
I think that the price is decent for what you get.
What makes this real good is their different options for the crust.
Now the bad.
The workers here are idiots!
They are yelling at each other and the atmosphere put me on edge just waiting for my food.
The guy on the phone when we made our order made me repeat it about 3 times.
We tried this out with a coupon, told them when I called, and had to re-explain their own promotion.
Luckily it isn't hard to make pizzas.
I would tell you to try this out, but don't expect much from the employees....

Holy moly does this place have some low standards for their employees!
I called in our order and it took me repeating everything 3 to 4 times to get it right.
I worked the phone portion at a pizza place and it's not that hard.
The computer set up is simple enough an 8 yr old could do it.
When my husband went to pick it up he said t was like a glorified Little Cesear's  and he had to explain the coupon all over again to them.
The pizza was decent though for the price.
I like that there is different crust flavors to choose from.
Hopefully they get some better customer service because people won't be returning with the current employees they have.

My wife and I are thrilled to have a Hungry Howies in the northwest.
We used to live in Aliante, so became fans of the chain there.
Now we won't need to drive 15  minutes each way to get it.
We always get the single topping $5.99 large, mushrooms with buttered cheese crust.
With tax it comes to $6.48.
We haven't found another place where you can get that kind of a deal.
It isn't always advertised, but we haven't ever been refused.
Be sure to ask about it.
A for the pizza, we really like it.
Not as greasy as pizza hut, not as doughy or heavy as papa johns.
We aren't fans of lots of sauce so this is right up our alley.
Big fans, our single source for fresh pizza!

Well it was a nice thought.lol.
I ordered take out on 5-18-14 at about 7:43pm.
Was told my food would be ready at 8:00 which is when I arrived.
After waiting until 8:10 the clueless teenagers realized that a delivery guy took a bunch of wrong pizzas to deliver to some surprising customers Im sure, which were my pizzas and wings.
Needless to say the dumb and dumbers had to remake my food and was ready at 8:27.
FTP!

I used to eat this pizza once a week at old location on Vegas Valley and Nellis.
Thrilled that they opened up one so close to our house on NW Vegas.
Butter cheese crust is a must and your doing yourself a disservice if you don't try the thin crust pizza.
Truly great pizza.
Highly recommend this to friends and family.

I used to drive to the aliante store for my pizza.
It must be my birthday because this place is 2 blocks away from where I live.
Food is great.
Service is great.
The crew at the counter is nice although they can use a little more practice with learning all the coupons.
Will be a regular at this location.
Butter cheese!

Pizza is fresh and full of flavor.
Salads are big and delicious.
Staff needs to be more aware of promotions they are running, via email club or coupons!
Staff is friendly!

My initial thought was..... "15 dollars for two pizzas, can't beat that!
"  Come to find out my 6 year old daughter just had this with her father the weekend before we did.
She was so sick from it she threw up.
I asked her about the last time she ate it along with her dad and both confirmed she had been sick the first time as well.
Don't bother if you have children.
If not don't bother unless you have an iron stomach or need to loose 5 lbs.

There is a reason why the pie is cheap.
Ate here twice and got sick both times.
Spend the extra dough and go down the street or your toilet bowl will become your 2 day seat..... Woof

Pizza was great!
We ordered the Philly cheese steak specialty pizza with the garlic herb crust and a ham& jalapeno with the butter cheese crust.

Love the flavored crust!
On that note, that's about all to love besides the pretty cheap prices.
On my first visit, I called ahead for pick up, and when I arrived I still had to wait an extra 10 minutes or so.
This was around 5pm so I guess its a busy time on a Saturday.
Being that its a new location I'm hoping their quality and service will get better over time.

This place is lucky enough to get 1 star.
Place was empty when I walked in.
Had the only two employees too busy on their phones to even notice my gf and I were standing there.
I really just wanted some wings but when the guy finally came up to take my order, it looked like he just got done hitting his crack pipe in the bathroom... Place smelled disgusting like they haven't even been cooking food at all, all day... Horrible place.
I don't see this location lasting long at all.
I feel bad for hungry howies that they hire people like this to work for their company..... Don't go here.
You'd be better off getting real pizza with great customer service.

