This is my second time eating Garbanzos this week!
We just love it.
The meal in the restaurant was fresh and delicious with incredible customer service.
The owners are so nice and genuinely want to make sure you are happy with your food.
The gyros with tzadiki is delicious!
We had lunch catered at my work today.
Not only did they deliver but the set up was so nice.
Everything was clearly labeled and the variety is incredible.
Definitely an affordable and great catering option.

this is our first trip to Garbanzos.
Lets start with the good points.
the babaganoush was really good and so were the mushrooms.
that's all the good things I can say.
the taboulli tasted very bland, I don't think there was any lemon on it all all.
the steak did not taste very good, like almost every thing we tried it was under seasoned.
I was hoping for new place to but we won't be back.

This is the Mediterranean version of a Chipotle in the sense that you pick out what you want each step of the way.
All of the ingredients were very fresh.
I had a wrap with some tabbouleh and fresh red cabbage.
The chicken was a little chewy, but everything else was delicious.
My favorite part was the vegetable salad they put in my wrap.
It had fresh cucumber in it and it was a perfect lunch on a hot day.
The service was very quick and the restaurant was comfortable.

This new place is awesome!
I got a pita with steak and a tomato soup-- it was all very fresh and tasty!
The employees were very friendly and let me try a couple of sauces.
The Mediterranean garlic was my favorite!
I will definitely be back soon!
Thank you for a new healthy fast casual restaurant!

I asked for a laffa and got a totilla wrap, staff are clueless, pita bread was not soft and just crumbled.
My son ordered a pita pocket, with just salad and hummus, $8.00.
Not worth the money.
Dont see this place lasting very long.
Will not go back.
Falafel is from frozen.
I lived in Israel for many years, and this is an embarrasment to Israeli food.
I am so disappointed.

Either something is wrong with me or Garbanzo has the best stuffed grape leaves ever...
I love them  Awesome customer service.
You can tell great customer service is a pillar in their business model.
I loved the chicken lemon soup too.

I love the idea.
Yes I've had better but the staff was super friendly.
Not annoying friendly, actual friendly.
I liked the rice, hummus, and sauces.
Chicken was ok.
I might try something else but I will come back.

Quite average.
Definitely chipotle style.
I ordered a plate and got a LITTLE bit of everything including the meat.
Maybe I'm not all that familiar w/ mediterranean food but why do I need the same size scoop of pickle slices as my rice and chicken?
At least at chipotle they load you up.
Nothing spectacular but edible.

First visit to Garbanzo's.
Was not impressed.
Food looked like it was sitting for quite a while.
They try to play it as "healthy" but there are so many Med restaurants in the area that just absolutely clean their clock.
The use "non-hydrogenated" oil (canola) to deep fry.
But when you look at the ingredients for their salad dressings and sauces, they have "hydrogenated soybean oil" in just about everything.
Not healthy, not fresh, and not impressed.
Everything looks like it comes right out of a plastic bag from some corporate office.
Definitely not a Chipolte!

I find myself in here every other weekend.
They do a great job with the falafel, salads and chicken and lamb.
The food is fresh and quickly served.
Do not miss the mint lemonade, a real find.

Great place for lunch!
Quick.
Reasonably priced.
Decent food.
Try it.
You'll like it.

Food = very good.
Service = very nice.
Definitely will be back.
My suggestion/complaint is that the website and the Yelp profile says "Delivery: Yes.
" No, that's not correct.
They only deliver for orders of $100 or more.

Good choice for the healthy either.
I wish there should be more around.
A plate or salad is a good choice.

New fast casual dining spot, that let's you choose what goes on your plate.
Healthy eating can be a snap by dining here and the flavors have so much to offer in the way of zip and zing.
Falafel, baba ghanoush, tabouli, gyro, shawarma and  soups all ready to go when you hit the line.
Stop in and give it a  try their customer service is stellar!

A couple of my friends came to eat here after an event--we were so surprised at the awesomeness!
We all play roller derby, so we're always looking for places to eat that are relatively healthy.
We were floored that a "Mediterranean Chipotle" exists!
The food was awesome, the service was great.
They got excited that we were so excited!
We literally asked for everything on our plates.
I'm a vegetarian, and there were more than plenty of options (good options, not just dinky salad options) for me.
And they practiced good glove hygiene!
Not to mention all the vegetarian stuff either had tongs or scoops!
All-in-all, we had a wonderful experience here and will definitely be frequent customers!

I went their last night for dinner after reading the review here on Yelp.
They mailed a "buy on; get one free" coupon to my house which how I learned about them.
I was really looking forward to it because there aren't any Gyro places in my area.
My friend is from Turkey and loves Gyro.
They offered us a free Falafel tasting while we were standing in line to order.
I'd read an unfavorable rating about their Falafel so was looking forward to trying it for myself.
We both agreed it was dry, overcooked and tasteless; actually terrible.
With that we decided we'd both order a standard Gyro sandwich.
It was the worst Gyro either of us ever had.
They have a nice concept of healthy ingredients but unfortunately they don't have their recipe right.
It was tasteless and for us worse, a bad taste.
We frequent Mediterranean, Middle East and Israeli restaurants frequently and have both traveled the world extensively.
We understand they make their own pita, it was OK but not pita as we know it.
We didn't like the sauce.
Their gyro at least wasn't the standard prepackage frozen gyro we've received at many places here in the valley.
It was our last time their.
With this introduction, we wouldn't even risk a second visit.
BTW, there staff and service were wonderful.
However when my friend began asking question it was obvious they didn't have any knowledge about "true" Mediterranean food.
This is more of a fast food American version of a tasteless "American" version.
I was disappointed because it's conveniently located near my house.
We came home and made Turkish coffee just to get the bad taste out of our mouths.

Love your restaurant but please get rid of the cheap sriracha sauce from china.
I won't eat anything from china.
Use the real red rooster sriracha sauce please.
Anything else is cheap looking and it doesn't match your restaurant.

