I'm so glad this opened in our neighborhood!
It's in the Goodwill shopping center at 7th St. & Union Hills.
We would have completely missed it had we not realized the new "open" neon sign.
It's very big inside..very deceiving from the outside.
Nice choices on the menu too..it's not just a pizza place..pasta, breakfast, and plenty of seating.
Nice interior with a lot of seating.

It took me a long time to eat here after hearing about it for years.
It is so way out of the way for me.
On the way home from a day trip up north I decided to stop by.
Well, the restaurant was being renovated so they sent me to their newer location on 7th Street and Union Hills instead.
( even more out of my way) The service was amazing.
Renee and staff were wonderful.
However, with that said I did not think the food was all that great or matched the hype.
I wonder if Pizza by the Slice is not the way to go here.
My crust was burnt and hard to eat although the toppings were good.
I did not like the Garlic Cheese bread very much and the sauce was bland.
The Cannoli did not taste like Cannoli.
Apparently, they make it different here.
All in all I would not go back since it is very far away for me.
My guess is their pasta dishes might be good since the place is so popular with a long wait every night.

I love this place!
Their sauces are ridiculously good, the seafood seems extremely fresh.
I only have two things I would say: 1) their canolis aren't as good as other Italian restaurants; the filling almost seems chalky 2) their kids' menu has a good selection, but the red/marinara sauce they use for the kids' dishes seems considerably lower quality than that used in other dishes.
Otherwise, I HIGHLY recommend this place.

I'm going to preface this entire review by saying it was Mother's Day and we were a large party.
Especially because it was Mother's Day, and there were reservations, the restaurant was extremely poorly staffed.
They even admitted they were understaffed which makes absolutely no sense because if you have the reservations you know how many waiters & serviced staff you need.
But even if we had good service the food is mediocre.
The bacon is OK, the eggs are eggs, the chicken parm was rubber chicken with the red sauce and cheese.
There was nothing overly special about this food.
It was not home cooked or had a flair of special ingredients or really any passion at all.
Again it was very busy and I understand that the kitchen was probably overwhelmed not just by us but by the entire day.
So maybe some food got heat lamps for a while and they want to bring out the entire table at once.
But when you have 16 people at the table bringing all the food out at once doesn't work.
And when some of that is just cold and gross and we have to send food back anyway then bringing it out all at once is moot.
It is entirely possible that you might go to this neighborhood Italian restaurant and enjoy yourself.
If you have medium standards for what Italian food should be , then you probably will like the food.
They have breakfast lunch and dinner, and it resembles more of an Italian 'Diner',  pulling that term from the East Coast.
Most serious Italian restaurants do not offer french toast for breakfast on their menu.
So you might see this as a one-stop-shop for many different varieties of food during the day.
But the reality is it is not a coveted Italian restaurant.

We have only had breakfast to comment on.
The Bloody Mary bar was great.
The pancakes fluffy and the waitress was great.

This place lost two new customers due to a lack of accommodations for very simple culinary exchanges.
I mean c'mon!
you are an Italian restaurant.
Adding a protein to an existing dish and switching out a few ingredients cannot be that hard for your simple minded kitchen.
I worked in many styles of service with many different types of food and never had an issue like this.
Way to lose out on a customer before they even in your door.
Off to Joey's Bistro it is

