Have been going to this location since the first day they opened.
The staff always have a smile on their face and great personalities.
I've had a few special requests and they were more than helpful and willing.
Love using the DD Perks app and getting discounted or even free iced coffee drinks!

Understaffed, out of everything.
Just waited 15 in the drive through, paid, then was told they were out of everything I ordered.
How hard can this be?
I will not be back to this location.

The manager Adam was very friendly, helpful and patient while assisting me with my order and questions that I had, all while training a new employee.
Thank you very much for your help and kindness.

tried this place 5 times since they opened and each and evey time was an epic fail.
Went during morning rush before work, went inside to order a decaf and bagel NOT toasted w cr cheese.
Had to repeat my order at least 7 times to the cashier she could not comprehend a simple order for some reason.
Then I had to wait 20 minutes for them to make decaf coffee (apparently it came as a total surprise that someone might want something ready during morning rush?
) Then they could not quite grok the concept of an UNtoasted bagel...
Took a half hour all together to get my order 2.
Yesterday drove thru and got LARGE iced coffee.
After I drove away I realized I HAD NOT GOTTEN WHAT I PAID FOR they gave me a medium instead but I had paid the large price so 3. as a test I went back this morn and ordered same and again they tried to pass off a medium  to me but I called them out and they dis ingenuously went oops and gave me a large, so I ask it is a policy to try to rip off customers this way?
also 4.
Ordered bagel w VEGGIE cr cheese and (got in drive thru) and after I drove away I discover it is plain cr cheese.
So in conclusion, they have never gotten a single order of mine right, they rip you off and they are ill-prepared and obviously in need of some sort of competent manager.
I predict this location will close within a year since the other location at Tatum & Bell has a competent staff, never have problems with my order there

Drive through is soooo slow.
Had to repeat order 3 times and been in line for nearly 10 minutes now.
Just brutal!

Super sweet staff.
They offered my little princess a free donut.
I was totally surprised.
They are super friendly and the location is very clean and staffed very well.
This made a 2 year old very happy.

After reading everyone's reviews I don't feel bad about my experiences.
Pros:  The place is amazing inside.
Cons: Takes way too long in the drive thru line to make a single drink.
Seriously, it shouldn't take tihs long as I was the only one in drive thru.
Had them make my drink 2 times and each time they failed.
The Shift leader  didnt look all the way with it .
I suggest anyone to drive the 2 miles or so and visit the one on Tatum and Bell where they are friendly and fast.
There is no drive thru there but at least you get what you ordered.

