Just opened and figured out we give it a try place is nicely decorated and the service was on point the food was mediocre it was ok nothing to brag about with so many other sushi places I don't think I would be back even though I live around the block.

Food is just as great as the Rainbow location and of course it would be,  I see the same sushi chefs behind the bar at this location.
More spacious than the Rainbow location definitely more tables at this location for obvious reasons.
Service and food quality is always superb and at its finest.
Oh and they close at midnight.

This place has wonderful sushi!
You order, they make it and it comes straight to the table.
They have alot of good rolls and tons to choose from.
Plus their all you can eat isn't super pricy and everything on the menu is included except sashimi.
The only problem with the all you can eat is it is regular sized rolls so its worth it if your a big eater.
I only made it to two rolls but my husband had at least 8!
The service was really freindly as well.
I will be going back next time we go out for sushi.

Check it!
Oyshi is in the 'hood!
Yeah buddy couldn't wait till they opened got so tired of The Sushi and driving out to Rainbow got to be too much.
Thanks guys for opening up by the Lakes and Sumerlin.

Absolutely one of our favorite spots in town.
So glad that they opened another location.
Seems to be far more spacious than the Rainbow location.
We went last night (Saturday) for dinner and there was no wait.
You know how rare this is if you've ever been to the original.
Food was awesome as usual.
Tastes so fresh.
Every time I take someone new I love when it hits them that "ohhh.... so THIS is what good sushi tastes like!
" Took full advantage of the AYCE offer.
From the spicy heart attack, to the savory dynamite... it's all good.
Get there soon... before it becomes as popular as the first locations and you find yourself waiting an hour plus to be seated.

Initially, I found it very odd that every review on this place was 5 stars but after eating here, I couldn't agree more!
We came on a Sunday for a surprise lunch for my mom for Mother's Day (I made sure it wasn't ON the actual day so she'll be genuinely surprised.
Hehe) Let me start off by saying that I've never been to the other Oyshi location so I'm not here to compare or anything like that.
So, the interior is just GORGEOUS!
High ceilings, beautiful decor, bold, gorgeous color.
The tables, benches and chairs are comfortable and spacious.
Our hostess greeted us with a smile and our server Kyle, was just as delightful.
He was so sweet and nice and accommodated us very well.
Always checked up on us, with a smile every time.
Now on to the food.
Divine!
I've had a lot of sushi and Japanese food, in general and this place is one of the best I've ever been to.
Food quality is amazing.
The fish was so fresh and sushi never broke apart (Sadly, I've been to a lot that does & it's not pleasant).
Hot foods came to us really hot so we knew they were freshly cooked.
I loved it!
Oh & the best part would have to be the price.
AYCE lunch was $21.95.
For the classiest, yummiest, Japanese food, that is inexpensive!
Sushi items seemed endless so you'll have a variety on top of the kitchen items.
And please, please, please, try the Green Tea Creme Brulee & Green Tiramisu.
Eating them was.. love at first bite!

Not a bad place,  food is great.
And staff is helpful and professional.
I will be returning to this place in the near future.
All you can eat, is the bomb,  and for not a bad price.
My first time here but it won't be my last.

Found hair in soup and waiter lied said its something else.
Service is bad and unresponsive.
Food was not good.
Believe me I'm a cook.
Im also a well travelled asian.
2 star for decent atmosphere.
Good job interior designer.

We finally checked out the new location of Oyshi at Sahara.
It's nice and roomy.
As usual sushi was good.
They had some new stuff on the menu.
I'll be sure to try them next time.
We got to see Nyi again.
I think he actually remembers us although we haven't seen him in years.
This location is a little far from us but we'll be back for sure when we're in the neighborhood.
Otherwise we'll be at the Rainbow location bugging Ryan and Justin.
Ha ha!!

I hope it is just growing pains.
Only one server.
Waited on refills for quite a long time.
Sushi was good.
BF ordered surf n turf...
It was bland and not worth the money.
I know it a sushi place but they should make the quality of food great throughout.
We will not be returning to this location.

This was my first time here I know that they have other location.
I loved it here I will be coming back for my birthday because they have amazing private room it was worth the experience and the sushi was great !
Customer service was excellent .

The AYCE sushi here is unbelievable!!
It's the best I've had in the city and I'm an avid sushi goer!
The fish are fresh and miso soup is unbelievable!

I've had a lot better sushi than here at Oyshi.
The rolls were a little sloppy and so was the information on the food we ordered.
It didn't quite meet our expectations, but left me full.
Service here is pretty sad.
Best part of this place is the ambiance, but the music is killing it.
Excited to get the check and leave.
No plans on coming back to this location...

Sorry oyshi sushi on rainbow but it's just me and the Sahara location now.
They must be doing really well to open a second location.
This location is huge compared to the other.
They have both very distinct styles and decorations that coincide perfectly.
In the rainbow oyshi I sometimes feel cloister phobic when I walk in and have to sit in a jamm packed restaurant.
But this location is ginormous.
Twice as many customers can fit inside and they have quite a few private rooms and areas.
Love that there are four tvs.
Two at the bar and two at the sushi bar area.
The waitress told us they're trying to put up a projection tv on the wall so all customers inside can see a game, show, or whatever.
When they're able to do that it'll be even more awesome.
The children's menu is pretty good and if your child wants to do the ayce sushi they can too for a discounted price.
Don't get confused about the menu.
It's very different looking and organized differently from the other location.
The only thing not included in it is the sashimi, which is the 5th page.
I found that this location has more of a variety of rolls and desserts too.
Such as the rainbow one has creme brûlée, but this one has chocolate and green tea creme brûlée.
Which I should add that green tea one looks like infant poop, in color and consistency.
BUT is absolutely delicious!
If baby poop was that delicious I would eat it everyday.
Even my husband was a little afraid to eat it, and was pleasantly surprised at how great tasting it was.
He thought it tasted like the green tea ice cream just in custard form.
The usual sushi I get.
Tiger, spicy tuna crunch, lobster and screaming were just as top notch as they usually are.
It came out super fast and fresh.
I thought it may have tasted a little fresher..
Which our waitress says she heard a lot but doesn't know how since both locations get their delivers each morning fresh.
Must Be in our minds?
I also got my usual calamari, grilled asparagus and egg rolls.
Like always I left plump and happy.
This will definitely be our new location since it's larger and closer to our house.
Go oyshi!

So my boyfriend and I came here a couple weeks ago for his belated birthday dinner.
The service was very good, and our server was very helpful in recommending items to try because it was our first time.
They were very accomodating when I asked about having a quail egg shooter which was not on the menu.
They also sang happy birthday to my boyfriend when I asked them to.
The staff seemed very enthusiastic, which made the atmosphere more cheerful.
Will definitely return :)

Saw this Sushi place and something about it caught my attention, so I decided to check it out.
My boyfriend and I went there on a Friday date night.
The place wasn't busy at all, but there was a larger party in the back.
The sushi was amazing!!
I already want to go back.
I can't even recommend one dish.
They were all so so good.

This place is 5 stars all the way.
I'm honestly not an owner, a relative of the owner or a friend of the owner.
I don't even live in Vegas I am from LA and here on business.
But I do get to Vegas quite a bit.
And now every time u do get out this way I will be eating here.
I was finishing up a business meeting about 2 miles away and looked on yelp for a sushi place with a good rating.
They fit the bill so I drove over there knowing nothing other than they got a great rating on yelp.
When u drove up I was immediately impressed with the outside as it was very attractive and was obviously part of a new shopping center.
Then I saw their sign that they had an all you can eat dinner and I got really excited!
Anybody that knows me knows that I can eat.
And if your offering me all you can eat im going to be there for a whole.
And since I hadn't eaten all day I was ready.
I sat at the sushi bar where they told me everything on the menu was available on the all you can eat with the exception of the sashimi.
There were 5 people behind the counter at the sushi bar and they cranked out the food really fast.
But it didn't taste rushed and it certainly didn't taste like all you can eat.
In fact it might of been true bast sushi I've ever had.
There was one sushi chef that took care of me almost entirely.
I'm sorry I didn't get his name because he have me great service as did everyone else I came on contact with.
So to sum it up if you live in Vegas or are visiting (it's only about 10-15 minutes from the strip) you must try it.
If you line sushi you will love this place.

Lunch $ 21.00 / Person - Dinner $ 26.00 / Person for AYCE.
Rice, rice, rice and a brick of rice in my belly.
This place really knows how to give the illusion of a good fish to rice ratio by giving lengthy fish slices, but underneath you meet your doom of impending rice.
They compacted the rice so it was thick like a rock.
The menu selection is not great for AYCE, you have many limits on what and where you can order from.
No sashimi, no soft shell crab (only in rolls), no half rolls, all the rolls are large standard size -mostly 8 pieces with the exception of some that are 5 pieces (still the same large size as the 8 pieces, just cut differently.
) Not a great place if you want to try a bunch of different rolls.
Even the nigiri selection was limited and overall pretty unimpressive.
Don't even think about ordering the ahi poke, seafood salad, salmon skin salad, or any of their salads for that matter.
They were crazy weak in flavor/ fish/ execution.
I wasn't happy with them.
At all.
The only redeeming dishes were: 1.
Dynamite appetizer  2.
Salmon belly nigiri 3.
Baked mussels  4.
Green tea creme brûlée And that's it...
The service we received was below average.
They weren't even busy!
There were 2 other tables dining besides us.
We had to ask multiple times to different servers to grab us wasabi and hot sauce.
Our waitress was missing, most of our dinner.
In the end, we left feeling uncomfortably stuffed due to the dense rice expanding.
To top it off, it was hot and stuffy in there, and the music made my ears bleed.
I agree the interior design was new, modern, beautiful, and spacious, but the overall night club vibe of the restaurant was highly disconcerting.
In a city that loves a good AYCE sushi joint, this is not the place to go.
I would recommend another Korean ran spot that does a better job: Sakana.
Now, with a belly busted from rice, I bid you good luck and good evening.

We went with a group of 10 including 2 small kids for an early dinner at 530 on a Thursday.
It was already packed.
The service was very friendly but we waited over 25 minutes for our first round of AYCE.
The food quality was ok but nothing to get too excited about.
Prices were average.
My biggest gripes were the layout- crowded floor and you have to walk through a wait station in front of the kitchen and not run into any servers to get to the restrooms...and the music.
It was nightclub music- ok whatever- but it was as loud as a nightclub.
The group consensus is that we probably won't go back.
It wasn't a comfortable atmosphere and not worth that for the sushi.

Ah, yes.
The "newer" Oyshi.
Essentially the same restaurant, but bigger--yet, somehow, not -quite- as tasty as the original location!
Ambiance: 4 - The epitome of comfort: Tables that are far away from each other, enough to spread out your leg and arm span so that you won't hit another person.
But still, not far away enough that you can't hear the conversations of the table next to you!
Spacious with more tables and semi-dimly lit, this Oyshi seems to have a bit more romantic lighting, if you will.
Don't worry!
You can still see your menu!!
Service: 5 - Our table service was fast, friendly, attentive.
The restaurant wasn't busy at all, so they were really able to cater!
Food: 3 - Just like their other location, they also offer AYCE and the choice of one of their specialty desserts!
I'm usually a huge fan of their food, but the quality of the rolls were just not as good as the original location!
When the taste is up to speed, most likely I'll go back, but for now, I'll drive the longer drive to the first location.
However, if you do like this location and are looking for a roll to try, I recommend the Love Affair & the dessert is -always- worth a try!
Also, if you like fresh oyster, theirs is delicious :)

Great service and excellent all you ca eat sushi for $26 per person, we will be going back.

The original Oyshi is my fav sushi spot but we love out on the reservation and it's just so very far!
I was very excited when this location opened!
We couldn't wait to go and we were NOT disappointed!!
The prices are lower- The ambiance is clean and classy- The music was 90's pop and at perfect volume- The staff were all so polite and helpful making selections.
The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars is because they don't offer half rolls.
My husband doesn't like a lot of the raw rolls that I order and it's too much for me to share his baked rolls.
All in all...
It was delicious and we will DEFINITELY be back!

I would have to agree with the other reviewers that this place is really decent.
I am not a raw fish fan, so AYCE was used up on a lot of cooked items that were all fantastic.
The service was extremely friendly from our initial greeting to our exit.
The location is very large with a modern appeal, and very clean.
The server was a very friendly and provided great service -- I think her name was Jamee...

Food was great but service was a little strange.
You don't order your food from the sushi chef you have to order from the waitress.
Also we ordered 3 rolls and some sushi, you would think the sushi comes out first?
But they brought out all the rolls and forgot about the sushi until we mentioned we never got it.
Overall they're fish quality was great, everything tasted fresh and not fishy :) will be back and they're AYCE is a great deal with a lot of selection :)

