Went to try Sunny World as it was close to home, mistake #1, girl/waitress taking our order to go had difficulty with english and had to go to the kitchen numerous times to see what was in a dish, mistake #2' order came out and manager tried to make lame jokes ( that I can deal with).
Took the order home and upon opening the Kung Pao combo (beef,chicken & shrimp), I found a slimy mess of lettuce, vegetables(I think) and NO meat whatsoever !
The order of cashew chicken had a small amount of what may have been chicken but was void of any flavor and was greasy.
When I called the establishment to complain about the slop that was served and that it was nothing close to what was ordered, the girl that answered the phone said "sorry", nothing else, no attempt to correct the matter, transfer to the joke making manager or any other resolution, mistake #3.
This is an establishment that should be avoided at all costs, if most restaurants fail in the first year it is because of situations like this, poor customer service, lack of remorse for substandard food etc.
I only wish I could give a lower star than one.

nice place to dine out.staff are friendly.food is not that great but im good with it would recommend to others

This is my FIRST Chinese Restaurant experience in Arizona.
They have $3.99 lunch special !!!
I said to myself, I have to try it.
So I did :-))  I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken.
It was pretty good, they had enough chicken on the dish that I did not have to send out a search party to look for them.
For $3.99 this is a good meal.
Try it out.
It just might surprise you.

I pass this restaurant nearly every day and finally decided to give it a try.
The food was very tasty, the service was excellent and the price was right.
Since then, I've taken several friends and coworkers for lunch and have never heard anything but praise for this restaurant.
I have no idea what why Will L wrote such an uncomplimentary review, but I can only imagine that he had gotten up on the wrong side of the bed that day.

