I like the look and feel of this new coffee / tea / smoothie shop on College Ave. Good place to get some work done as they have WiFi and several tables and chairs that make it easy to do so.
Coffee was decent, haven't tried the smoothies, yet.
It's basically on campus and it's really close to the light rail station at the end of the street.
Metered parking is also available on the street.

Nice cool ambiance, and they make an awesome caffe Americano.
Very friendly and personal service and good prices.

I love, love, love, love this place.
I went to this place when they opened up, and I still go as much as I can.
The smoothies are kinda expensive for a person who is focused on low budget ($5+) but they taste fantastic.
I am an avid boba drinker and this place is has the best boba in tempe.
I can guarantee that.
The woman who owns the store (or what I assume is the owner) is fantastic, she is nice, caring and wonderful.
She makes recommendations and is open to any suggestions you made on the drinks as well.
She is a wonderful lady.
I only really like to go there when the woman is there because I feel like it is a very personalized experience.
The workers on the other hand...are kind of a lesser version of dutch brothers workers, nice but not very personable.
Some of them do not look like they know what they are doing but still create good drinks regardless.
I was in there once, and it was about the time to close (about an hour to two before closing time) and I was sitting there for about 3-4 hours, bought 2-3 drinks, but when the older woman left, the young employees working there shut off the nice little music, and changed the channels to sports and blasted it incredibly loud.
It had broken my concentration and I left.
It broke the cafe mood for me by replacing it with some kind of sports bar atmosphere.
That is the only complaint I have.
But other wise this place is great.
100% recommended, it is nice to sit down and use the wifi, and it is also great for take out goods as well.
I wish this place had more coupons, however.

