"Met expectations" is about how I would sum it up.
Standard Asian Buffet with Americanized Chinese, about a dozen different choices of sushi roles (even some sashimi that I skipped), a Mongolian grill station, a noodle soup station (had roast duck for the noodle soup but I did not try it), and an American station.
By "met expectations" I mean that the food ranged from ok to no-so-ok (the baked salmon fillet was dryer than I thought salmon could get), with none of it great.
That said, it's cheap, and one of the cheaper place to get sushi for my kid, who thinks the sushi from the case at Woodmans is "great" (so why should I take him to Murimoto?
)   Will probably be back when the kids ask for it since it is close to home and one kid can get sushi and the other can get pizza.
Service was good, plates were cleared quickly between rounds at the buffet.
Take-out is available by the pound.

Really decent!
The sushi is fresh and quite good for a buffet.
I liked everything I put on my plate for the most part.
I was a little disappointed that they use instant mashed potatoes....but whatever.
Also, soda refills are NOT free and that came as a bit of a surprise when the bill came, seeing as how our server made no mention of this.
Despite bad mashed potatoes and paying for soda refills, World Buffet was exactly what I expected and what I wanted on a night I couldn't bring myself to make dinner.
I wouldn't come here for a nice night out, but it really did the trick tonight.
We left full and happy, and I believe that even the pickiest eater could find something they enjoy.

Nothing special, but a little better than the "average Chinese buffet.
"  I didn't get any water or drinks when I arrived, but that's not too big of a deal to me.
Overall the experience met my expectations and I would return in the future.
Pros: They have all-you-can pho, clean, plates cleared quickly, attentive/friendly staff,  Cons: Slow to replenish food, some food looked like they sat out way to long, charged for soda refills

Blech.
Sorry.
I try to find one positive even with places I don't care for.
The hostess was very sweet and friendly.
I got food to go, but things needed to replenished at 6:30 and what we did try was mediocre at best.
Won't be back.

