You can buy clothes and other random things by the POUND!
This place is a hoarders dream.
It's where all the stuff that didn't sell at their retail stores basically goes to die - does that mean it's all leftover crap?
Not necessarily.
Since Goodwill is a for profit "nonprofit", they charge ridiculous prices for certain things - $12 for a used old navy shirt...no thank you.
Point is that there are a lot of good things to be found in those bins among the throw away stuff.
I found a huge bag of good condition name brand kids clothes for my friends for $7  This place is all about bulk, so the price per pound goes down with the more you buy - ignore the individual price tags.
Books and media are 50 cents each, glassware 3 for 99 cents, furniture is as marked Clothes, shoes and random stuff: $1.20/lb up to 19lbs, 99 cents up to 49lbs, 69 cents 50lb+   I've been to this kind of Goodwill in Portland and it was awesome, so I'm super excited they opened one here.
I had no idea there was already one in North LV too.
When I moved back to Vegas I got 6 comforters to use as moving blankets for about $20.
You won't find pricing like that anywhere else.
So you know what to expect - it's just piles of things thrown into shallow bins.
You really have to be in the mood to sort thru piles.
For checkout, you weigh the entire cart, so keep the media and glassware separate for a quick checkout.
Have fun and don't buy too much crap.

I'm not loving the layout of this store, but for even more junk at marked down prices, this is a great addition to our thrift store family.
Most of the items can be purchased by the pound, so the prices they have listed on items doesn't really matter, except for the larger items like furniture and electronics.
The clothes, books and shoes are all in bins, since it's a clearance center, so you have to sort through quite a few items to find the hidden treasures.
I know this isn't for everyone, so a warning in advance.
I didn't have a lot of success on my visit here and only walked away with one little item, but for one penny, how can you go wrong.
Bulk is the name of the game here, so patience is a virtue if you make a visit.

First off you must be cool with digging through bins filled with assorted clothing, bric a brac shoes and books.
If you are then this place is for you.
Nothing is on racks so you need strong arms and a good eye.
I am the master so I had no problem finding designer stuff for next to nothing (clothes are weighed sold by the pound).
On my first visit I found John Vartatos leather sneakers, All Saints jeans, Diesel jeans and Diesel sneakers and a cool T shirt (that reads HUSTLER across the chest).
All for $10!
what a deal.
For this type of set up, the store is clean and organized.
There are groups of women working in teams hogging the bins and there are lots of screaming kids so be warned.
(But this is not Goodwills fault)  Not for the impatient or faint of heart, but for hard core thriftiers, this place rocks!.

