This business recently opened in place of a Quick n Clean wash (which has been closed for awhile).
This is a type of wash where you drive through yourself.
They gutted the inside and replaced with all new machines, this is not a touch free car wash. Offers the typical options and versions of a car wash, Basic, middle ground that cleans rims/wheels and high end with wax and tire shine.
It offers free vacuums and air hose/nozzles to squirt out the water from cracks.
I have to say the shaded parking offers plenty of space so you can open up your doors and dry your car  with no issues.
It also has a sink to rinse out or wet your rags with.
Overall a good place for those that like to do most of the car wash stuff themselves.
Also you don't have to put up with car wash up sells and it offers unlimited plans as well.
They are offering free car washes as part of their grand opening.
Positive: Washes car really well Plenty of space to park and dry/vacuum your car Air Hoses to blow out crevasses Good location Everybody is friendly so far :-)  Neutral: Don't have a pre-bug soak station (attendant said they will put one in shortly).
Air dryers do a decent job but definitely need to dry car after (this is the  case with most of these type of washes) but it has more dryers then others i have used.
Spot free rinse seems to do ok.
Slight negatives: Vacuums are on one side of the car so have to pass the hose through the car to get both sides Air hoses are a bit short  So far deosn't offer a free wet towel to wipe down inside of car

Bad News Car Wash, Forget about customer service.
Rude lazy people work there and my car came out with spots everywhere

It's pretty simple, a decent place to get your car washed.
It does a good job and it's nice to be able to vacuum and dry your car there.
Only small drawback is that the spot-free rinse doesn't seem to work.
Lots of water spots if you don't towel dry.

Paid for the 10 dollar wash to clean my car recommended by the attendant and it didn't even clean the bird poop off my car.
The dryers barely dried my car.
And there was still soap on some parts of my car.
I will not be washing my car here again.

