So first off let me say that I am absolutely 110% excited that they opened a second location over by my condo and was so excited to get my butt in there to see how they do compared to the original location.
Unfortunately I was craving them the other night and decided to get take out to bring home.
So they got my food ready quick and I could have swore the salmon combo was supposed to come with 5-6 pieces of sashimi.
Mine came with 3 not that big of a deal really so its okay.
The only thing that bummed me out to the extreme was that when I had already gotten home and was all over diving into my food then the unthinkable happened!!
NO WASABI OR GINGER!!!!
Both of those two things are extremely crucial in my sushi binging.
I cannot tell you how upset I was last night going home to realize I did not have the essentials to eat my sushi.
Im upset even just thinking of it last night.
Its not like wasabi and ginger are readily available at the grocery store to buy in bulk.
So I would have to go out of my way to go all the way back to get wasabi and ginger when normally it's included.
That is my only pet peeve at the moment.
And hoping that it won't happen again and I'm hoping to god the one waitress from the other location didn't follow because it's very annoying having someone constantly asking if you need anything or if you are done etc etc.
Update!
*5/9/2014 All week I've been craving more salmon-sashimi and rolls all together non stop.
Finally Friday comes along and it's sushi after work for sure!
I call it in to pick it up and this time saying extra wasabi and ginger.
They give me the right amount of sashimi finally and everything looked amazing!
Couldn't wait this time to go crazy!
I ordered the same thing again obviously except this time with you know the ginger and wasabi they didn't give me last time.
They gave me so much wasabi I wasn't expecting and not so much ginger.
I'd rather have them skimp on wasabi over ginger.
But that's just me!
Once I start going in they will remember for sure.
I absolutely love ginger with my sushi.
The salmon tasted fresh and I ate a lot of it in less than probably 30 minutes to an hour it was so good!

I've been wanting to try Masa Sushi for the longest time.
I've had their Gilbert location bookmarked forever but I never seem to remember about the existence of the place whenever I crave that delicious raw fish.
So when I went to Fry's one day and saw that they were opening one in my neck of the woods, I was ecstatic.
[Fast forward a few months of long agonizing wait time]  One day while getting the mail, I noticed there was a menu flyer on my car for Masa Sushi.
Yes!
So I stopped in that night with my dinner date during opening week last week and was pleasantly surprised by how busy this place was!
Korean was being spoken by the workers, patrons were merrily eating and drinking, and we were seated by the nicest lady ever.
We ended up getting The Superman Combo, Bomb Combo D, and the Yellowtail & Hawaiian half & half rolls.
Everything was fresh and delicious!
I was especially impressed by how thick the slices of sashimi were.
I always hate it when a sushi joint goes stingy with their sashimi.
Buzz kill.
After doing some sake bombs and enjoying our free opening week dessert, we were asked to doodle on a Polaroid the took of us [Asian Glow like whoa], and we were done.
By far the funnest opening week celebration ever.
Plus the bill was 10% off!
Masa Sushi is a tiny cozy restaurant with lots to offer:  Their menu is jam packed with a million different combinations and half & half rolls options, the sake comes hot, and the service is great.
Will definitely come back!

I purchased the Beef Teri + spicy tuna roll for lunch it was awesome great taste very well prepared and of course for the right price.
Definitely enjoy going to masa since I first discovered their other location in Gilbert which is close to home and now this new place is near my work place real people fantastic food.

We've been here a few times and we love it!
The miso soup and salad are a great touch and the sushi combinations are amazing!
I don't eat a full roll so it's so nice how they have half and half options.The food comes out super quick.
The staff is super friendly and attentive and the polaroid they take is so fun!
My kid had never seen a polaroid before so thank you for bringing that experience to our family!
We will be back, a LOT!

Strobe lights and music outside upon arrival of the restaurant.
That's a first!
Happy and greeting staff when we first walked in the restaurant.
Menus are colorful and loaded with pictures for each dish!
Great job!
Miso soup and salad was provided prior to ordering!
Awesome!
Shared special combo 2 plate: #6 Palm Springs which included salmon rock 2 pieces (salmon with thinly sliced cooked onions and a yogurt sauce of some sort) spicy tuna roll 5 pieces and Fuji roll and eel roll.
The eel pieces were a bit burnt as of there were no eel.
Grand opening special: thinly sliced apples with caramel drizzled on too with half orange cut up into chunks with whipped cream and 2 choc pretzel sticks.
Yum!
Full at the end of dinner.
Not bad!!
They all said goodbye with happy faces!
That's how it's done!

Tried this place because of yelp reviews.
It did not disappoint.
The prices are fantastic.
If your in a discovery mood and want to try different things, check out their happy hour and combo deals.
You can get half of one roll and half of another.
I started with the sake bomb combo C and ordered a half arizona:half spicy roll.
Delicious.
The fish is fresh, no fishy taste.
Gonna go back and try sashimi next.
I'll let you guys know how it goes.
Definitely worth going... Give it a try!

I've eaten at a lot of Sushi places, and this is one of the best.
Great service, great food, and great prices!!
I'm going back again and again.
I'm so glad this opened in my neighborhood!!

Been there twice in the past three days, and I'm planning to go again today.
GREAT variety of sushi and the service is second to none.
Some of freshest sushi I've have in AZ.
Sake Bombs and Spicy Tuna Bitches!!

Great place.
Wast sent here by Yelp and wasn't disappointed.
Had the lunch mini-bento and was full and satisfied.
GOOD STUFF.
Very affordable by the way.
Oh, and the service was exceptional.

I love Masa's I think they have the best sushi in the area.
Their Gilbert location is always busy.
The Chandler location is not.
I kind of want to keep this a secret but they have a ton more space here and the same excellent sushi!
It's lunch time and I have the whole place to myself and my lunch with soup and salad $6!
Love it!

If you are in the mood for good sushi and are having a hard time deciding on what roll to get, this place is where you should go!
It's always happy hour and they have awesome combo specials to choose from.
They only serve wine, beer and saki.
No full bar, but I was there for the sushi so that was not an issue for me.
The combo specials are 2 different rolls for the price of one.
They even have combos that include negiri and sashimi or even sake bombers!
To start off your meal when you get seated they bring you complementary miso soup and a lettuce salad.
After your entree, they bring you a complementary dessert which is usually a sliced orange and apple with caramel sauce and whipped cream and a poky stick.
Nice and light and refreshing to wrap up the well rounded meal!
Prices are great!
The servers are very helpful and friendly, and before you leave, make sure to get your picture taken to be added to their wall!
It's a cool little place!

