Just finished dinner for the first time, they just opened last Tuesday.
I've realized that I've been here before and I realize I've been to one of the doors in Minnesota.
First I gotta say the bread that they serve dinner was absolutely fantastic ; this rosemary bread brought in from Minneapolis.
My mother who is very finicky eater who won't have many creamy sauces had the Parmesan encrusted walleye with French fries & green beans.
I have this fantastic steak with these horseradish mashed potatoes and steamed Spinach.
Had a red sauce kind of like Marsala it was fantastic.
Our waitress Holly was absolutely on cue and perfect.
One of the assistant managers came over and spoke with us and just made a few very welcome and at home.
I highly recommend this place to you and your friends and family; the wine selection beer selection is perfect too.

The chicken is good here I will give them that.
But this place is quite pricy for the selections.
Service is slow & in-attentive.
Certainly will not be returning, don't see this one lasting here.

We just had to try Doolittles out and unfortunately, were less than impressed.
The decor was awesome, but the food seemed a bit pricey for what was offered.
We both had the chicken and wild rice soup, which was good and the rosemary bread was also good.
I had the chicken alfredo and although the rotisserie chicken that they used was good, I thought the meal fell flat.
Additionally, we were served by Darius who is either a horrible server or for some reason did not like us from the time we were sat.
We waited and waited and waited some more while the restaurant was not busy.
Someone else brought us our food (no spoon with the pasta of course) and never asked us if we needed anything else.
Darius finally came over quite a while later to check on our food.
We actually waited as long as it took us to eat.
I hope if you do try this place, that you get a much better server.
As for us, we probably won't be going back anytime soon.

My husband and I were in on sunday for date night.
We normally go out for sushi but decided to switch it up a little.
We could not be happier with everything!
The service was amazing and everyone is very friendly!
My husband got the ribs and chicken with fries and I got the shrimp and crab stuffed tilapia.
Everything was perfectly seasoned and cooked just perfect!
I am extremely picky about my fish, the tilapia was cooked evenly and moist.
We also enjoyed calamari appetizer which was amazing as well!
Granted the prices seem a little high for the location of the restaurant, the bill all in all was not horrible.
Will definitely be going back and recommending to family and friends!

Cute inside.
Music is awful.
Drinks and food was so good.
We ordered dessert (mudslide pie) and it took forever.
When we got it, we realized why, it was still frozen.
Pretty disappointing even for $5.50.
We couldn't even cut through it.
Guess we will get something different next time.

I think the ribs were some of the best I've had in town.
The meat had texture which is a pleasant change from those places where it "falls off the bone".
I'm going back just for the ribs!

Great service-great food.
We had a large group and all meals were delicious--chicken moist and flavorful, honey maple salmon delicious, steak done just right, pork chop tender and juicy, walleye - a great choice.
Wine and beer flights a great option!
Free dessert for my mom's birthday--creme brûlée done just right!

I am eating my words.
I have done nothing but trash talk this place because of its ill placed location.
Well, as it turns out, you do not notice its location.
I had cocktails and an appetizer on the patio and it was quiet.
The patio is well-built and smartly placed that you don't even notice the abundance of cars and people.
The beer selection was decent.
A good variety but not great.
It is mostly all local beers.
The special were amazing.
I went on a Tuesday.
Beer flights (4-5oz.
beers) were $2 off, which meant it was only $5!
I also ordered the Artichoke dip.
It was served fresh and HOT!
But it was delicious.
The consistency was so creamy, so there was no skimping on the cheese.
The atmosphere was relaxed and the staff was fantastic.
I can not wait to go back again.

Highlights/lowlights  1) gluten free friendly 2) good food 3) outdoor seating AND outdoor bar  Great new restaurant on the east side of Madison!
I am not entirely sure if this is a chain or not, if so it's a new chain to the area.
The interior of the restaurant is clean and modern with a lot of seating, including booths.
We ate outside on the patio.
The patio has a shaded area, an area in the sun and a comfy area with couches.
Sadly, your view is East Towne Mall and Culvers but outside seating is always nice!
The food is "grill style" American so there are a lot of hearty salads available, grilled meat entrees and sandwiches.
There is a gluten free menu available as well!
The g-free menu isn't extensive (they don't offer gluten free bread or pasta or show items that can be made gluten free by substitutions) but it is nice that they call out the items.
We both had salads for lunch.
I had the grilled chicken and pear salad (gluten free) and my boyfriend had the southwest salad.
Both salads were pretty big, with generous portions of toppings and rotisserie chicken.
As far as drinks, they have several beers on tap and some in bottles (including gluten free angry orchard!).
It also looked there was a nice wine selection.
The only negative here was the service, it was pretty slow considering they weren't that busy on a Sunday.
Overall, a nice place to eat on the east side of Madison!
Try and go on a nice day when you can eat outside!

FOOD: The food was okay, but  nothing special...especially considering the prices.
At this price point, I know I could get superior food at another restaurant in Madison.
I had the lamb burger.
The meat was good, but the burger bun was a soggy mess; I couldn't really eat it like a burger since the bun was falling apart.
My sister had the salmon and thought it was okay, but not great.
The people in our group who ordered steak or chicken were the happiest with their meals.
I would consider going back to try the steak or chicken.
DRINKS: The cocktails were a bit too sweet and kind of weak.
They have some pretty cool beer and wine options though.
You can order a flight of wine, so you get 2 ounces of 3 different wines!
They also have a similar option with beer where you can try different kinds.
SERVICE: The waiters were charming, seemed very knowledgeable about menu items, and were able to answer questions and describe the food well.
ATMOSPHERE: The decor is cool.
You can see the woodfire grill that gives the restaurant it's name.
The outdoor area looks really cool.
They have comfortable seating and a fire pit!
This would be a nice place to meet friends for drinks.
Tip:  Complimentary dessert on your birthday.

Our party of four totally enjoyed the food and the variety of options and desserts, but something MUST be done with the first people you meet the Hostesses, we made reservations for four of us  a week ahead, when we arrived it seems we were annoying the (4)nHostesses who were involved with their own conversation, then wanted to seat us at a High Top table at the bar, when clearly there were many booths and standard tables available, when we told them we reserved a table/booth they gave us snarky looks and spoke among themselves "unhappy" Finally gentleman arrived and sat us in a very nice booth, and we enjoyed everything after that.But if your first impression is the "SNARKY" uninterested  Hostesses you need to improve this situation!
Anyway thanks for the wonderful food!
Alex

Decor very nice.
Wait staff nice and attentive.
Food was delicious, had the roasted beet salad.
Downside of visit it took a really long time to get food and it was not busy at the time I was there.
They offered a free dessert for the inconvenience.
I had the creme brulé which was also delicious.
A big thumbs up for the food.
They just need to get their routine down and work on better turn around for orders.
The slow service was why only three stars, but I am sure they can turn that around.
They have only been open a month.
Returned on 7/23/2014 with a group.
Everyone enjoyed their food.
It was very good.
The service was good, wait staff friendly and attentive.
The food was served in a timely manner (unlike first visit).
An all around good experience.
I give them four stars.
The food is a bit pricey but certainly a restaurant worth returning to.

We very much enjoyed our meal last night and will definitely go back.
We had two appetizers, the tenderloin skewers which were a perfect medium-accompanied by very thin and crispy fried onion threads and two dipping sauces- and beautifully presented buffalo wings with bleu cheese dressing.
The wings did not come with celery sticks, but when I requested them, they were delivered to our table.
A particularly nice touch were the warm, moist terry cloth hand towels.
So much better than the wet paper version in a foil packet.
We shared the roasted beet salad with  rotisserie chicken, cranberries, and candied walnuts.
It was a very generous portion and we wound up taking more than half of it home, along with two of the six wings.
A small glitch that occurred was handled quickly and professionally- our server dropped a full tray with our food right next to our table.
Broken plates, spilled food, lots of noise, big mess, BUT a replacement order and immediate apologies from the manager arrived very promptly.
Doolittle's and their varied menu is a good addition to Madison.

Yum!
We went during an off time.
Love!
Especially the wood smoke smell from the rotisserie!
Awesome

Decor and atmosphere really good.
Actually a bit upscale for its Eastowne Mall location.
Food was good, but not inexpensive.
See photo.
Ordered ribs and the walleye.
Walleye  was tasty and prepared well.
Was it worth $20.
No, more in the area of $12-14.
Service was avg.
Free wi-fi.
Too early to tell how this place will fare with lower cost alternatives within earshot.

Doolittle's Woodfire Grill is overpriced, but tasty.
It's location, near East Towne Mall, is a little peculiar given the high prices.
I had the Rotisserie Chicken Sandwich ($10.75) which was delicious.
I ordered a side of mashed potatoes, which were also very good.
My companions were mostly pleased with their meals, which included the French Dip, Applewood Bacon and Smoked Cheddar Burger and Walleye Fingers.
The burger was average, but I was told the Walleye Fingers and French Dip were quite good.
One of us ordered the Chopped Thai Salad, and was underwhelmed.
Some of the promised ingredients were either missing or barely there.
If you list cilantro and pineapple as ingredients, make sure it's on the plate!
At $11.50, a salad should be absolutely perfect.
Our server's name was Carrie, and she was fantastic.
Drinks were promptly refilled and she was very sweet and accommodating.
Our food came out relatively fast, and there were no mishaps at all.
The interior is spacious and modern, and there is a large outside patio area.
The patio even has it's own bar, which is unique for Madison.
I like that the patio wraps around the building, providing both sunny and shaded seating options.
Overall, it was a good experience.
But given that it's a chain and the prices are so high, it's hard to recommend.
I guess if you are looking for something new, you can't go wrong, especially on the far east side and its plethora of chain restaurants.

The décor was nice but the acoustics make the restaurant very loud.
A tray of wet glasses was on our table when we were seated and the hostess removed them leaving the table wet that she didn't wipe down.
The menu was wet with Coke spilled all over it.
We wiped everything down ourselves.
Not a good first impression.
The waitress was friendly.
She brought our drinks but didn't bring the bread basket until the second time around.
The Rosemary bread was very good but tiny slices about 1/4 inch thick.My husband had to ask for more.
Two meals a pasta dish and pork chop dinner were very good but the crab and shrimp stuffed Talapia was not as expected and not very flavorful.
It came with about 1 1/2 cups of Kale- that's a lot of Kale.
Probably would have been better to eliminate the Kale and serve this dinner with a small dinner salad.
The worst part of the evening  was a table of misbehaved children sitting next to us.
The kids were running around and playing with the drapes and screaming.
Some parents just don't care if their kids are annoying  and being rude to other guests.
This is not a restaurant for young kids.
The hostess should have seen we were four adults dressed up (dress shirt and tie) for a special evening and sat us at a table away from rowdy children.
There are many excellent restaurants in Madison.
You have to be amazing in one way or another for me to return.
Not amazing.

This was pretty good!
I went tonight, and was shocked at how much seating there was.
A beautiful restaurant and a great patio.
We ordered the sangria and a beer.
My hubby appreciated the great local beer choices.
The sangria was really good.
They brought bread, and it was really nice.
We ordered a mediterainian starter, which was a flatbread type pizza.
It wasn't too big, and it was really yummy!
We then sharedq  the bbq rotisserie chicken.
This was good, but not quite fantastic.
We have had Bonfire's bbq rotisserie chicken, and that one wins.
We ordered a side of garlic mashed potatoes.
TONS of butter, like a pool on the bottom.
They were good, salty, garlicy, buttery, and chunky.
If you like that, you will love these.
Our general thought was we would definitely come back to sit on the patio, have a drink and the starter again.

