Gosh, so pretty, so Parisian and a little haven of loveliness just off Lothian Road.
Small, cute and perfectly formed just like the jewel coloured macaron offerings, Mademoiselle Macaron, familiar to market goers, now has a permanent and cosy cafe on Grindlay Street.
Inside the vibe is very French.
Just a couple of tables and some stools at Le Tour Eiffel (seriously, go see).
It is a place to linger, especially as one of the tables comes with two chaise longues!!
Yep, you read that right.
Gorgeous flowers and dresses as there is a French dressmaker on site too.
Pick your fabric here, get measured and have your own unique dress (starting from £60).
The stars of the show though are those macarons.
Crumbly and slightly chewy in all the right ways, their pretty jewel colours tempting you in flavours like raspberry, lemon and lavender.
For weekend hungover peeps, you may opt for Hendricks gin or Innis and gunn.
For non macaron fans there are lovely French patisserie items such as chocolate eclairs, croissants, french strawberry tarts, mini lemon meringue tarts and a beautiful looking chocolate mouse cake.
Patisserie is off limits for me but those macarons are gluten free :-)   Coffee is by Steampunk and the white hot chocolate was gorgeous - hints of lemongrass and lavender without being over powering, bliss.
So I suspect I'll be back here way too often in a way that my waist line may struggle.
But those macarons, so light and pretty must have virtually no calories, oui?
(Note: prices for hot choc about £2.50, macarons £1.20 each or 4 for £4 or 8 for £7 and patisserie - sweet items were priced around £2.60-£3).
Cute coffee cup with macaron carriers available too!

I was so excited to hear that Mademoiselle Macaron (known well from the markets around Edinburgh) had finally opened her new cafe that she had been working on for months.
Even from outside the shop front, you could tell that this was an intriguing and decadent place.
We made our way inside, awed by the gorgeous little touches that make Mademoiselle Macaron any lady's new favourite place in town to feel pampered.
There were dresses (made by the dressmaker in residence who will measure and fit you for your dress), ruffles, striped boxes, a macaron tower and... What's that?
The Eiffel Tower table and chaise lounges!
Like in the markets, there was an excellent lineup of macarons including chocolate, vanilla, caramel, pistachio, raspberry, Hendricks' gin, and even Innis & Gunn flavoured macarons!
Beyond the macarons, the cafe also boasts pastries by their pastry chef, eclairs, and other goodies such as the mouthwatering white chocolate mouse tart.
Of course they also had a fantastic selection of drinks - Steam Punk coffee, lovely teas, and also some tantalizing white hot chocolate that looked fabulous!
Everything was delicious and I enjoyed each of my four different little macarons, indulging in them and also enjoying just taking in the lovely ambiance of this fabulous new cafe!

Oh la la, I love Macarons and I am so glad that Rachael has opened Mademoiselle Macaron in Edinburgh.
Whenever I am in Paris, I have the essential visit to Laduree & Pierre Herme to get my fix of macarons.
I have tried many other Edinburgh attempts but nothing ever came close until now.
The little shop is a delight, stylish with a quirky edge.
Rachel was a joy to chat with and knowledgeable about the ingredients which is a must in my book.
I am delighted that the macarons are all completely vegetarian.
I couldn't decide which ones to have so had a mixed box of 8 for £7.
I now have a loyalty card which gives the 10th box free, I sense that wont be too far in the future!
I loved the earl grey tea ones and lavender ones particularly.
If I am being uber picky, the only criticism I had was that I would like more gin in the Hendricks gin macarons.
More gin is always good!
There is a pretty selection of vintage inspired clothes and you can get a dress made to measure which is definitely on my wish list.
Thanks Mademoiselle Macaron, I will be seeing you soon.

I was lucky enough to be invited to the official launch of this little corner of Paris in Edinburgh and I was absolutely blown away by how gorgeous it is!
From the Eiffel Tower to the takeaway cups with place for a macaron, no detail has been over looked in this cosy space.
Not only can you pick up some delightful macarons, there's also a resident dressmaker!
You can choose your fabrics, have your measurements taken & get a dress custom made by the lovely Caroline.
The Mademoiselle will also be holding macaron classes on site.
There really isn't anything I don't love about this place~!!
Absolutely cannot wait to visit again!

If I'm anywhere near her stall at Edinburgh Markets, I'm always getting the largest fix of Mademoiselle's Macarons!
I'm so happy she has opened her first shop on the lovely Grindlay Street.
I'm daring everyone to get there pre show/theatre fix here as it's slap bang right next to the traverse theatre/ usher hall!!
I can't fault her anywhere on the macaron side apart from my ever expanding macaron waistline ;) ;)  But by gee they are truly tasty indeed.
My favourite has to be the Hendrick's Gin and the second has to be chocolate &passionfruit.
Everybote is a bite of heaven and a reminder of my Paris trip!
Rachel aka is the Mademoiselle, is friendly and knowledgable - which is way up there customer service.
It's great chatting with her.
The shop has a huge Effiel Tower in it which is certainly impressive and a back drop of the Edinburgh castle from her window - what more could you want!
Oh yes - the macarons are gluten free.
AND serves steampunk's coffee.
Hot chocolate and teas are also avaliable by other artsians too!
If I have a tip: go at the weekend because Mademoiselle offers slightly more than than macarons - tarts, eclairs etc!
So what are you waiting for?
GO.
SEEK and be MACERONED!

Stopped in close to closing time on Wednesday and got a couple of extra Macarons added to my bag.
I had the blue ones (earl grey) and my tongue turned bright blue!
Was funny Love this place.

