I have been driving by this restaurant for weeks wanting to try it and we finally did.
Good thing we waited because it just opened this week!
Very impressed.
The food was delicious and the service was quick and attentive.
The hot habanero salsa had a good kick to it and my friend even declared it inedible due to the spiciness so fortunately for me I got it all to myself.
She also said the shrimp tacos were the best she's ever had.
My boyfriend is a very plain eater and the restaurant was able to accommodate our request for a "plain bean and cheese burrito" with no hesitation.
I will probably come back in the afternoon sometime for lunch when it's not so busy.

I don't know if the two previous Yelpers went to the same establishment.
I was excited a new restaurant was opening in the area because the current options are limited.
The food was bland, portions we're light, and their "Complimentary chips" were nonexistent.I mean, isn't that the most basic thing you have at a "Mexican grill"?
And to top it off their service is terrible.
I left still hungry and agitated.
Do yourself a favor and pass this place by, you're not missing anything.

So glad we decided to check out this new restaurant!
We went for lunch so it didn't end up being super crowded.
The service was amazing- our drinks were constantly full.
The guacamole was fantastic and if you order one thing on the menu, seriously, make it the street corn.
That stuff is unreal.
The tacos we tried, Baja and Pollo en Mole, were good but nothing to write home about.
Our only complaint was the music.
We didn't think it was too loud like other yelpers suggest, but it they were playing sad, slow country ballads.
Not exactly what I would think of for their atmosphere and definitely not my preferred genre.

This place is awesome.
Came here on it's first day and, although it needs a few minor changes, it is my new favorite Mexican place!
We are friends with the owners, and eat at their other restaurant, Stone and Vine, frequently.
I recommend getting the pineapple salsa, which was out favorite one.
DEFINITELY will return to enjoy the food, service, and atmosphere.

Food was mediocre at best.
Service was absolutely terrible.
It took almost 15 minutes to get a drink.
Chips and salsa weren't offered until we were almost through our meal.
Cross this one off the list.

I've been to this restaurant twice now, and I'll keep coming back.
I'm so excited to have this new place to eat and hang out at in my own backyard.
They have a great atmosphere and great food.
I had the tacos last night, and they were fantastic.
Great drinks too.

I have taken my family to this new restaurant twice.
Oddly, dining options for Mexican food in this area are rather light.
There is a Chipotle by the hospital (block away) and the more traditional Ajo Al's and Miguels about half a mile away.
Those two restaurants are OK, but serve a traditional 'American' mexican food style dish - which, just seems old and tired.
We ate here with two adults and two kids.
The restaurant is nicely decorated and comfortable, if not a little crowded.
There is a very fun looking bar area and patio (but we sat in the dining area).
We saw many people having cocktails and wine at the bar, which is not normally what you would see at a Mexican place, but, it tells you right off the bat that this is not traditional mexican where you either get a margarita or beer.
I am melding my two experiences together to give you a better sense.
We tried:  Casarita - their house slushy margarita, which comes from a machine and tastes great.
I had a floater of "prickly pear" liquor in it.
I had two, and got my buzz on well.
After I had two the waiter mentioned its a limit of 4 because they have a lot of booze in there.
Shop Special - this is a regular margarita on the rocks.
Seemed good, not sour or tart.
Watermelon Fresca - they make this with booze, or without (I had the booze one).
Holy cow this is a strong drink.
Its water based, with chunks of watermelon - NOT a sweet candy drink.
more like infused water.
Interesting..... and strong..... and happy hour prices :-).
I have never had a cocktail like this.... it felt... healthy in a way.
The food has some goods, and some medicare's.
Chips and salsa is different - they tell you the first salsa is free.
One night we tried the medium pineapple salsa.
The salsa is not like the kind you get from the store.
It looks hand chopped, and is not full of liquid.
My kids loved this, but it seemed as mild as mild could be on the heat index.
The second time we were there, we tried the Tomatillo, which is supposed to be Hot, but to me was medium.
You have had hotter salsa, trust me.
I am not sure if you can tell them to kick it up a bit.
We went through two things of chips, and the one salsa lasted, but it doesn't feel the same without that endless bowl of tomato salsa - I guess I am a purest on that.
The menu is arranged almost like a mexican eatery - there are some full meals, but most feels like a la cart that you are building into a meal.
For instance, my wife and I each had two tacos that ranged in price from $4-6 each, and a side of beans $2.50 and a side of cilantro rice $3.
The total price of the meal was about the same as  you would expect if it was all put together for you.
The taco's are quite large and stuffed, and pretty creative.
We had (over two visits):  A baja taco (not sure if this is the name) - it has a MASSIVE chunk of beer battered fish in it.
We ordered this twice because it was a huge value for money.
An El Pastor taco - ehhhhh, was fatty or something.
I was thinking it was something different (but I ate it).
A veggie taco (not sure of the name) - now this was excellent.
Usually the vegetarian dish is half assed in mexican places.
This was portabella mushrooms and stuffed, and seasoned really well.
I would do this again in a heartbeat.
A Barbacoa taco - yummy, can't go wrong  A Shrimp taco - also very good.
My kids ate off the kids menu.
A quesadilla and bean burrito.
The bean burrito was the best ever.
and it was really large for a kid menu.
If you don't know what to order, get this item (its on adult menu), you will thank me.
Its not like any bean burrito you have ever had.
My wife took the second half to lunch the next day.
The kids were dismayed by "yucca" fries on the kid menu, which I thought was a kind of potato or something, but they were sweet potato fries (which the kids hate) so there ya go!
The sides we tried a bunch because they seemed cheap:  Cilantro rice.
Really yummy - its bright green, and very well done.
Could eat this by itself.
Two kinds of beans - don't remember the names.
Both very good - well seasoned.
I am not a bean person, but these I could eat over and over (they are not refried).
corn (which comes out as corn on the cob), on a skewer already buttered.
Apparently we were there on the first week, because there were some hiccups in the wait staff.
Our child's food apparently had not been ordered, and we are the type of family that doesn't eat until its all on the table.
The owner apologized profusely and brought out a free desert - it was a churro, but wasn't perfect or straight like the Disneyland kind.
Everyone said they didn't want it, until we tried it.
A fresh made churro is mind boggling good.
I have never seen a desert like that on any menu, and it was so flipping yummy.
It came with this lemon creme dipping sauce.
I can't explain how interesting this was.
Its different, but not crazy different.
We will be back.

Food and drink mediocre at best.
Tacos were served with raw tortillas.
Drink order was wrong twice.
Great atmosphere came on the first week of opening.
Need to improve basic execution of food.

Went in to check out Happy Hour as well as the new digs.
Small bar and restaurant.
Give it 2 because a happy hour margarita was $5.50..
I would think a batch margarita out of a coke keg would be less.
The margarita itself was terrible.
Tasted like the bottom of a sour mix, not refreshing at all.
Bartender salted the rim like a Chicago driveway in a deep freeze, yuck.
The beer price for happy hour was $4 which is a much better option than the margarita.
Still for happy hour the prices were high.
Location is also a tough spot.
The bartender was nice and social, doubt I'd give this place another shot.

Went for lunch three weeks after the restaurant opened.
Was very impressed with the service.
Very attentive staff, food came out quickly, everything was good.
For drinks had the skinny b (cucumber and basil something or other) and the house margarita.
Both were good, but the margarita was better.
I could see the bar has a good selection of tequila.
They should add a tequila flight tasting to the menu to showcase them.
Had the pineapple salsa and the habanero salsa with my complimentary chips and salsa.
LOVED the habanero.
Great flavor and heat.
Liked the pineapple, but not as much as the habanero.
Also had the mole and ahi tacos.
Really enjoyed the mole tacos.
The ahi ones came in a lettuce wrap but I wish I had gotten a tortilla instead.
The lettuce had a hard time holding all of the wonderful filling which was a shame because the ahi was perfect and the toppings were really well conceived.
I'd compare it most closely to z tejas, but with the added bonus of being local.
Also, more uniqueness and variety.
I'll definitely go back.

Have visited a couple of times and the food has really improved.
On our latest visit we had the Pollo en Mole taco and it was simply amazing, the Barbacoa taco was fantastic.
My husband had the Asada taco and said it would be one he would order again.
We had the habanero salsa, it was very good had lots of kick just the way we like it.
Salt and Lime will be a definite repeat.

First visit.
Went with a girlfriend.
Everything looked great on the menu.
Nothing looked boring and "plain old mexican" at all.
Their house salsa is SUPER yummo.
Definitely homemade.
Lots of fresh ingredients.
Serving sizes were too big, especially for lunch.
It looks like they have the same menu for lunch and dinner (although I didn't ask).
3 enchiladas are too many at lunch time, because those chips are filling!
So we split an order of the green chili enchiladas and (she had 2) I got a carne asada taco.
It was all delicious.
Everything was fresh and yummy.
The food split was perfect, although I still ate too many chips.
But that salsa was verry good!
Great attentive staff.
Good food.
We will be back!

This is the third time I've visited this restaurant for lunch and this is the first time I've been disappointed.
Your new menu is fine, but now you have to pay extra to experience the chips and salsa.
The waitress will bring you a flavorless version salsa that resembles ketchup with spices, but it doesn't compare to the pineapple salsa, or verde salsa you now have to pay for.
This is not good customer service.
Having to pay extra for your good salsa seems cheap.
Just take it off the menu if you're not going to allow people to try it.
As for the food: Burritos are tasty, Relleno is okay, the beef, shrimp and pork tacos are yummy.
I tried the Baja taco today ... Icky!
It resembled battered frozen fish from  a grocery store.
It's far from Baja!
The service has been good and the beer is cold, chips are crunchy and hot, but again, don't get your hopes up on the salsa.
If you want good, free salsa, go to Blue Adobe Grill on Frank Lloyd Wright.
It's delicious and complimentary.

Just had lunch here.
They have only been open about 5 weeks.
Chips and house salsa are complimentary.
I read another review where they said it was extra.
It is extra if you order a different salsa.
I had the shrimp taco, no mango.
Tacos are a la carte and I'm glad I only ordered one (on recommendation of the server).
Portion was more than enough.
Could have been hotter in terms of temp but it was good.
Service was excellent , very attentive.
Water glass was never empty.
I'll be back.

Went after it been open a couple weeks.
They made a big deal about complimentary chips and salsa.
Really?
At a Mexican restaurant?
The house salsa was bland and tasteless.
We ordered the verde salsa that we had to pay for.
Also bland.
Next the tacos.
We both had the Carne Asada.
The meat was so tough you could hardly chew it.
And the tortillas were gross.
Not just soft but you could wring the oil out of them.
As another reviewer said they tasted raw.
YUCK!
I'll go next door to Chipoltle next time.

This is a nice new watering hole for the area, which serves some Mexican inspired pub grub.
We came for Happy Hour around 5 on a Saturday afternoon.
Granted, it was probably unfair of us to come here after last week's foodie extravagance at Gallo Bianco in Phoenix.
But we found the food good and the drinks cold, always a plus.
The atmosphere is a cross between a sports bar and a Mexican beach cantina.
They have a large bar area which extends out onto the sidewalk.
You can sit on bar stools outside, on a ceramic window area and still see the game on their two HDTVs inside.
Salt and Lime is a bar where Dos Equis Lager, Corona Light or Modelo Dark are on tap for $4.00 and come in a pint glass, while their small wine list was $7 a glass.
Salt & Lime doesn't carry or serve Sangria.
They also had several margaritas on the menu starting at $6 and going up from there.
The food was good and what you would expect.
We started with Guacamole for $5.50 (photo) and shared an order of Nachos ($8.50).
The guacamole had some mango through it, which made it interesting; while the nachos were drizzled with several different types of cheeses.
Not bad for bar food.
Since these appetizers were filling, we ordered some Empanadas ($5.25) and a couple of Tacos for $3.25 each.
The empanadas came with shredded chicken(photo) but were overly doughy and had a flour after-taste.
The Carne Asada tacos were good, but admittedly we were spoiled from last week's adventure at Gallo.
The bill came to $42.75 plus taxes and gratuities, so expect to pay $27 each unless you're very thirsty.
LOL.
We found Salt & Lime Three Stars, A-Okay

We liked our happy hour experience.
I agree $5.50 for a happy hour margarita is high but I don't think it is extreme.
The nachos at $8.25 seemed high, the tacos at $4.25 and $3.50 seemed fair.
We liked it.
Waitress was attentive.
We will be back

Why is it only cows get two stomachs...what was god thinking?
I could have used another one last night after taking down those first two chicken tacos, but being the conservative diner I am, I stopped at five so my fellow diners wouldn't think I'm a hog.
I'm glad I did too.
A fine selection of Mexican beer and a pretty waitress managed to do their handiwork after the dozen or so pints just sort of snuck-up on me.
That's when I started ordering tacos like judgment day was near.
It was about this time I started thinking how handy it'd be to have two stomachs; the first to process the beer and the other for tacos n' shit.
Jesus, I would have cleaned 'm out of tacos last night.
The chicken is charred black and tastier than all hell.
The corn tortillas were above average with a slight sweetness.
The salsa was weird, but fuck it, the tacos were tasty enough on their own.
Anyhow, fuel eating doesn't play here.
It's either sport or feelings, pick one.
I did both but I'm paying for it today, farting all nine musical scales.
If my sphincter was a bit tighter, I could probably hit high C.

Great find...we decided to try this fairly new arrival to the Mexican food market, and, glad we did.
The restaurant decor is very nice, including a large bar.
They also have a nice patio for outside dining.
We were greeted at the door promptly and decided on outside dining with the evening being nice.
Our waitress was prompt in taking our drink order and returned with chips and a great roasted salsa.
We choose the Green Chili ENCHILADAS, which were excellent.
Creamy and spicy with moist chicken.
Our other selection was the gourmet tacos.
Choosing the Baja fish taco, filled with a nicely battered white fish fillet, fresh cabbage, and wonderful sauce.
The other was the carne asada taco.
The meat was tender and moist, and very flavorful.
They are served on either corn or flour tortilla, or, as a lettuce wrap.
At $4.50 this was priced right.
We ordered a side of Charro Beans, which could use some spice/heat.
The prices were very good.
The chips and salsa, first rate.
The service was very good, too.
We would definitely return to try more items on the menu...

We LOVE Stone and Vine and frequent it almost every week, which is why when the owners opened this restaurant , we were excited to give it a try.
We have tried it three times.
All three times the service was subpar.
It was a like committing a crime to get chips and salsa.
When we got them, we were pleased but only to find out tue extra salsa cost extra.
We are ok with that but it is courteous to let the table know      We stopped ordering Margaritas the first night we stopped in.
Just could not get them right.
After the third try with no improvement on overall service and difficulty in getting chips and salsa, we have given up.
We will stick with Stone and Vine.

The food was really good, especially there habanero salsa!
The service was more than great!
Everyone was friendly, smiling, and very attentive.
The drinks were good, a little over priced but the atmosphere, the service, and flavorful Mexican food made it worth it.
Definitely going back!

For only being open a short time, this place is surprisingly well run.
Awesome food, amazing service.. You guys just raised the bar for Scottsdale.
Special thanks to Mixologist Michael and Danielle (aka Detroit Danielle)!

Yummy!
Highly recommend this place for authentic Mexican tacos, great salsa and shrimp burrito!
Will be back!!

Went here for lunch with a client.
Nice atmosphere inside, dark woods, dim lighting and open.
Food- The carnitas tacos were actually excellent.
I also had the beer battered fish taco, average.
Was small piece of fish and overly battered.
Chips and salsa were free and the chips were good but the standard salsa fell short.
Margaritas- I would avoid them.
I noticed they use pre-made mixes like you would get in a store.
For example the mango mix came straight out of a plastic bottle.
If you are going to charge a decent price for a drink, it better be fresh ingredients.
Unfortunately, the bartenders do not take pride (or ownership doesn't offer them to use fresh) ingredients.
So, stick with beer or your basic gin/tonic type drink.
Overall, it was a good experience and will be back.

I am giving Salt & Lime 3 stars because of the service.
It was great.
Our server was incredibly attentive and offered some great suggestions for our meals.
That being said, the remainder of our dining experience was significantly less impressive.
We received no free chips and salsa - not a huge deal but I thought it worth mentioning.
The food both looks and sounds impressive but it was incredibly bland.
I got the tamales and honestly, I have purchased more flavorful tamales from a gentleman selling them in the parking lot at Fry's.
Salt & Lime's tamales were also not very filling - I was hungry about an hour later.
My boyfriend got the crispy pork which was not crispy or seasoned in any way prior to cooking.
The street corn, however, was excellent and by far the best side dish that they had.
All in all, at $15-$17 a plate, it was not worth it if you are looking for flavorful Mexican food.
We more than likely will not be back, particularly with so many other, better options in the area.

For a small taco joint, it doesn't get much better than Salt and Lime.
Started off with some amazing, spicy chips/salsa, moved onto some guacamole, then ordered El Pastor, Carne Asada and Fish tacos...  Everything was amazing and the service was great.
A must!

