I am beyond excited that this new location is open!
I LOVE Cafe Rio!
I went in on opening night and they were doing a great job keeping up with the long line.
I will be back often!
It's almost a bad thing that I work right across the street..
Almost :)

If you like SALTY!!!!!
Mexican food...
This is your restaurant.
I had a chicken burrito yesterday and no matter how much water I drank after my meal, I couldn't quench my thirst from all the sodium in the food.
Come'on people in order to be fresh you need to remove the high sodium preservatives.
It will cost you more, but your guests these days are much more educated when it comes to high sodium food.
I wouldn't go back!

Yum.
Great food.
Great service- happy people.
It's always crowed but worth the wait -if you're in the mood.
The parking stinks- too many good businesses in the same lot.

We tried chicken & carne burritos & a salad.
Really good flavors across the board.
Food itself is fine, no complaints there.
Major problem is their service & line setup - it wasn't all that busy the day we tried it and yet they rushed us through the line like there was a fire.
I get the fast casual concept, but that was ridiculous!
There's no point in pushing people through choices when there was a bottleneck at the cashier and we didn't get our food any sooner had they taken a second to clearly explain options or give us a chance to even see what all toppings are available (they didn't design the queue well and you don't see your options until you're right on top of them).
Staff didn't communicate well & just about made the wrong burrito before my family noticed and spoke up.
Also they just assumed everyone wanted rice & didn't ask.
Price is high too for what you're getting.
Chipotle & Costa Vida are superior.
Likely won't go back but flavor of the food is the only reason they rank higher than 1 star.

Nice workers and good food.
It seems to have the problems that a new location would have but I'm hopefully they will get them worked out soon.
The sweet pork tacos and burritos are awesome.

I didn't know what to expect but it was recommended from a coworker so I tried it out.
The setup is similar to Chipotle, however the atmosphere is more authentic southwestern style.
More than just burritos and bowls.
The food is better tasting.
I will definitely come back again and again!
Thumbs up!

HOLY CRAPPY SERVICE!!
Wow....so rude and unprofessional.
I was reading all the other reviews and thinking....give me a break....but no, they are so rude.
Only nice worker was the cash register.
Barely any chicken left, so they decided to scrape out the little extra dry pieces.
I refused and waited for new chicken.
Then made my burrito and it tore....but just kept going.
I asked if that's how they make all their burritos, she said no.
I asked for mine to be re-made....she didn't appreciate that.
Slammed my burrito in the trash.
Told her thank you,, and got an "you're an asshole" half smile.
Food- 4 stars.
Loved the homemade tortilla and the chicken.
Will come back and hopefully catch them at a better time.

Similar to Costa Vida.
The new location has brought the crowd so avoid lunch time and dinner if you don't want to wait.
The food is salty as others have commented, but I think that is what you get.
I have eaten at a couple of their other locations and experienced the same salty dishes.

LOVE LOVE LOVE Cafe Rio!!
& I'm so happy they finally built one in our area!
This place is always busy & will remain to stay that way!
I would recommend this place to everyone!
Just beware..
They get SUPER busy @ lunch time!
:) finding setting can be difficult :) but great atmosphere!

Cafe Rio has been a family tradition for me, growing up in Utah.
It was the best Mexican food around up there and I I've the taste.
My favorite dish is the double pork enchilada with medium sauce (it's not spicy, I promise.
Just get it) all rice and no beans.
I love their cilantro lime rice, and the pork is tender and sweet.
They are usually friendly, but they are making a lot of orders quickly, so I can understand them being a little abrupt.
Great food as always from this chain.

This is a new location for Cafe Rio.
I have been a die hard fan since it opened up years ago in Gilbert off Baseline and Gilbert Rd.
It is really busy so best not be starving as it will put you in a funk real quick.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE the food and my fav are their salads and house dressings.
Both the dressings are delish!
Now with this new location.. the parking sucks due to having way too many businesses jammed in one area.
And their service line has not been fine tuned yet.
They will eventually get it.
My only complaint really is they are typically slammed (because the food is freaking delish!
) and it takes some time to get through the line.
But worth it at the end.
No problems with the workers there either.
They seem to be friendly.

I absolutely crave the pork barbecoa burrito.
This place is always busy since it opened.
I recommend calling in your order if you're just picking up to bypass a very long wait time.

Food is over priced and very bland.
Husband had the steak burrito and I had a chicken quesadilla.
Both of us agreed that it was bland and needed flavor.
The place was packed which leaves to believe that either it is new and people are trying it out or there is a market for bland Mexican food.
The drink bar did have a nice selection of options, that would be the highlight of our visit.
We won't be returning.

Very tasty and plenty of space.
I always like Chipotle, but it gets a bit crowded.
This food tastes great and the tortillas are rolled out and baked right in front.

What can I say....great food and crappy service.
The food outweighs the service I.
This case.
Very rare for me.

First time here....decided what to get and the line staff was less than helpful.
A coworker came in behind us and they were more interested in helping him and left our tacos sitting on the grill while talking to him.
I made a comment and they said "oh" and then let it sit there.
The lady at register came and finished the meal but you were out of pico and nobody knew where any was.
Then the "manager" said some was being made but didn't offer to get us any once it was done.
Then we watched the entire crew eat donuts and try the pico they just made with chips.
The lady making tortillas walked out onto the floor with dough in her hand looking at someone in the parking lot.
The lady making tortillas walked over to the bathroom area with gloves on to use her cell phone.
Then go back, eat more chips and start making tortillas again.
Did I mention eating donuts?
Because now they are doing it again, walking around the store.
Trash cans are over flowing and nobody is cleaning the tables....just sitting around with nobody in line to help.
Now the "manager" is putting her hair up with gloves on.
Now the next shift is arriving, I can only hope this crew is better!
10.
Wait, I was wrong!
This employee has gloves on but putting her hair up and fixing her hairnet.
Then logs in and now goes and does someone's food with the same gloves on.
The manager has no control over the employees, they run her and the restaurant.
Sometimes you wish you worked for the health department so you could write them up!

Really good food, nice outside seating during spring weather.
Price was acceptable.
Biggest problem is to avoid it during the rush.
Super packed.

Expensive.
Not that good... And they've charged me twice for "extra guacamole and sour cream" that I didn't ask for.
That's $2.50 each time.
Enough to be aggravating but not enough to drive back for.
I won't be back.

Consider it's a knock off ate at another place the other day slightly better, but really a knock off and they don't really do it that well.
One visit only and only in a pinch if there's to be a next time.

If I could give negative stars I would.
Everytime I leave this location I'm so frustrated.
Formerly we lived close to a cafe rio in Nevada and loved it.
We have been to several locations and always had great customer service.
This place is the worst I've ever encountered.
The staff is young and careless it seems like they just hired a bunch of 16 year olds and didn't train them.
The wait is often back to the door thanks to lack of efficiency.
Example, tortilla maker was too busy talking to care that they were out of tortillas while their line of 30+ continued to pile up to wait for her to do her job.
For some reason this location is the skimpiest on portion size that I've ever seen.
Why is this so inconsistent from Cafe Rio to the next Cafe Rio???
Presentation is aweful, you seriously have some shaggy haired kid throwing tortilla strips on top of your salad with no matter what it looks like he just grabs a handful and throws it on there.
I have no problem paying extra for the different sauce that I want or cheese etc.
however there is no reason to rudely state it the way this staff does.
Seriously where is the training here??
If this wasn't enough to fire the entire staff and start over new then the hair in our salad should do it.
Yes that's right a nice long long piece of hair halfway through the salad.
Seriously so disgusted and disappointed.
I'm a huge cafe rio fan but after many chances at this location IDE rather starve than go back to this staff.
Seriously, fire them all and start over.

