This is the second location for Nourish.
The original location is in Scottsdale, but I've never been interested in going there due to the lackluster reviews and availability of other great restaurants in the area.
However, when I found out they were opening across the street from my house, I was much more enthused.
My husband was so excited that he can eat everything on the menu since it's all gluten-free and dairy-free.
There's also plenty of vegetarian options for me.
My husband stopped by on opening night and got a chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries for himself and a mock tuna salad sandwich with garlic hummus and veggies for me.
Both sandwiches were served with gluten free sourdough which looked strangely pale gray but was absolutely delicious.
The mock tuna was good enough to satisfy my tuna salad craving, something I've missed since becoming a vegetarian.
The hummus was too gritty for my liking, but it definitely had great garlic flavor.
I tried not to steal too many of my husband's sweet potato fries.
They came with an awesome sweet dipping sauce.
He reported that his chicken sandwich was good too.
It may not be the yummiest food nearby, but when it's convenient and fits our dietary needs, I am still confident we will be ordering from Nourish often.

Oh no no no.
I was so excited for a gluten free dairy free restaurant for me and my son that can't have it.
For my family of 4, with my 2 kids sharing a dish bill was $55.
Steak tasted like way over cooked ground beef, sweet potato fries were drenched in cinnamon and nothing else.
Very strange, my kids were not fans.
My boys hamburgers were way over cooked as well and overly salty.
I had a teriyaki bowl which was lacking the veggies was mostly rice for $13 and got charged $3 to add chicken and there was literally 5 tiny pieces.
I had such high hopes for this place.
We will not go back.
Ever.

The food was decent, and I love that everything is gluten free.
However, a spaghetti squash dish with chicken for $18 should be much larger than what they're providing.

This is a great idea but they don't know how to execute it.
I went with a friend and the only two in line.
Our orders came out at separte times and had diferent numbers attached to them.
The waitress walk around with our orders asking other tables if our food was theirs.
My friends order was wrong and had to be sent back.
Meanwhile my food was cold by the time it got to me.
The prices were also higher than expected.
I could have bought a pound of grass fed beef for the price of my bunless 1/4 pound burger.

This place can accommodate just about any diet, gluten free, dairy free, vegan, paleo, etc.
the menu is clearly coded as to which dishes have meet which diet criteria.
They've only been open 6 weeks which might account from some of the snafus mentioned in earlier posts.
My husband had the teriyaki bowl and added salmon and I had the quinoa bowl and added salmon.
We also shared the sweet potato fries which we both loved, a green juice and lemon bars.
We liked everything we tried.
There was a list of proteins you could add to some of the dishes like salmon, chicken, eggs, cheese, nuts etc.
Irs nice to have something like this out our way.
They are having their grand opening next Saturday.

Ok I am pretty disappointed that they've taken away the restaurant feel that the original Nourish had, I don't understand this concept at all.
At least the food is good.

The concept is there but the execution is poor.
I've been in a few times as it's convenient to where I work.
But from set up to service, the business model is pretty dismal.
What would be best served as the front entry way is blocked by tables and there is limited seating on the inside- total functional obsolescence.
The inside space would have probably been better used to put in a few industrial juicers and utilized for prep space.
I've had a couple of juices made there a la carte and the first time the wait was way too long, (my Jack Lalanne works faster), and the next time the girl behind the counter told me she had to ask permission to make my juice because there were two...TWO...other customers in the whole place, who had just placed an order.
I told her not to worry about it and walked out.
I just went over there to give them another try before solidifying my opinion, because every place has an off day, but this time the cook or manager had to get up from his laptop and get someone out of the back to ring me up.
He said he didn't know how to use the register.
The place was totally empty with 3 people working, and I had to wait to get rung up.
The two employees "working" the register area were in the back gabbing it up.
Maybe just another off day?
Dunno.
In my opinion, if Nourish concentrated solely on being a juice and salad joint, kind of like Grab a Green in Scottsdale, or Inta Juice in Chandler, they'd probably be much busier- and if they got some visibility from the main roadway that would help too.
I'm afraid this place might not make it long, short of someone like Marcus from the Profit coming in to revamp things a little.
It's a total bummer because Gilbert really needed a place like Nourish, what with all of the pub-food-type places around and nothing really healthy.
So I was disappointed to say the least.

