Finally one near the house..great food..great customer service..I will be back for sure

I was actually surprised when I tried this place.
Some of the best tasting chicken teriyaki I've had in awhile.
I suggest everyone gives this place a try.

I love teriyaki and I know good teriyaki.
This is the absolute best.
If you want fresh food with huge portion sizes.
This is the place to go, even if you're looking for a healthier option, they've got you covered.
I eat here a couple times a week with the kids, they love it too and I've got some picky eaters.
Check them out, you won't be sorry.

Quick healthy fast food (as long as you stay away from the fried food options) at an affordable price.
My favorite Is the Spicy Teriyaki Chicken Bowl :)  I've been to other Teriyaki Madness locations and I have to say that the food at this location taste better.
Store is clean and the staff is friendly.

Best teriyaki in town!
Newest location in the Target/Winco shopping area.
Super convenient & I like how the parking lot isn't super busy compared to other locations.
Everything is fresh & made to order!
:) that's what makes it taste AMAZING!
Remember they cook it how YOU want don't be afraid to ask for well done meat or sauce on the side, etc.
Overall clean restaurant, friendly staff & the food is good!
Make sure to try the spicy chicken bowl w/ noodles ;)

I'm doing it again.
I am addicted to the madness.
So full right now.
Yummy.
If you haven't tried it you better, you will be hooked.

Highly addictive doesn't even begin to describe this place.
I was so glad to see this location open.
It's conveniently located right off the 215, on Decatur at the Winco and Target shopping center.
The employees are great and inside is always very clean.
I did hear a couple of people complaining because of the wait on the food.
Um hello, it's fresh and cooked when you order.
Each time I've visited,  I get in and out in no time and the food has been amazing each visit.
Plus side to the wait, you can be more specific with the food....no sauce, extra sauce,  sauce on the side, meat cooked longer or not as long.
You get the drift, it's worth the wait.
To date,  the food has been on point.
Chicken Yakisoba is comparable to some of my favorites around town.
Yes it's that good.
My go to has been the two proteins plate (available on plate only).
It's obviously the best bang for your buck.
I'm sure I'll be back....before the weekend is over.

