I had a mailer coupon for their opening to take 50% off our meal, so the kids and I stopped in for lunch yesterday.
We ordered a lot of food, BLT and Caesar salad for the kids, chop salad and red pepper lobster soup for me, chocolate creme brulee for the kids, it also came with bread and chocolate covered strawberries.
With the coupon, we were still under $10!
That was way cool!
If I were to consider paying full price for a latter visit the portions were small.
I was really impressed with some of the food (Caesar was freaking amazing, and the soup was surprisingly realllllly good) but disappointed with others (chop was meh, the ingredients weren't fresh enough).
I will come back for a chicken Caesar for sure!
and to try other stuff, the sandwiches looked awesome!
(When I wanna splurge)  The house made sauces and dressings really make all the difference, they taste amazing and make the meal for sure!

Just opened and used a 50 percent off coupon from the mail.
Very good salads, soup and sandwiches.
Similar to Paradise café except now that Paradise is owned by Panera bread the quality and variety is going down hill in my opinion.
Zupas gives you a chocolate dipped strawberry with your meal.
I will go back to try other menu items soon.

WOW!
Their grand opening was today & I can't believe how smoothly everything went here!
Workers were so friendly & helpful going over different popular items on the menu.
I really liked that they have a huge lit-up menu board outside so you're not just standing there holding up the line while you decide what you want.
The line was out the door but we were up to the front in no time, seriously, these people work FAST!
I ordered the BBQ Pork sandwich & half of a chicken caesar salad with their caramel creme brule AND their million dollar bar.
It was 50% off of everything today so hubby & I went a little crazy.
He ordered the turkey bacon avocado panini, half caesar, clam chowder AND 7 layer chocolate cake.
When we went up to pay & she told us it was $17 including drinks I couldn't believe it, there was sooooo much food!
Their fountain drinks are really neat because they have a little section of different syrups to create your own Italian sodas.
Every meal comes with a slice of french bread & a chocolate covered strawberry which I thought is a neat little touch.
We absolutely loved our meals, I finished my sandwich & halfway through my salad I was stuffed!
I took a bite of the creme brule & that would have to be my only disappointment item of the night.
It was more like a pudding, albeit a very tasty pudding!
Prices are VERY reasonable which makes my wallet happy, I foresee many lunches  in my future at Cafe Zupas!

Interesting concept, My wife really likes this place.
It is quick and inexpensive.
I find the ambiance good for the type of restaurant but the soup and sandwich were just marginal

My wife and I have already visited twice for their opening and we liked it both times.
The salads and soups are probably their best thing to get and the reason to go.
More than anything I loved the Mango Berry salad.
The sandwiches aren't bad either, but they aren't that great of a deal for what they were.
The desserts on the other hand are very mediocre and definitely not worth the prices.
We were fortunate enough to go during the opening when we had 50% off our entire order both times, but it seems like a place that may be too expensive to visit without a coupon.
The interior is obviously new and is more fancy looking than I expected.
Since they serve relatively healthy food that tastes good I had a positive overall first impression.

I went here with my friend and cousin after prom dressing shopping a while back and I was very impressed with this café!
It was all moderately priced (if not on the cheaper side which is always a score for me,) and the staff were very friendly.
But the desserts we got were amazing!
My cousin got the Sinful 7 cake and I had to refrain from eating it all when she let me try it, my friend got the Rocky Road brownie which was also decadent and delicious, and my Berry Crème Brule was outstanding.
I am looking forward to the next time I'm out in Mesa so I can go here again.

Awesome place.
I want to try everything on the menu.
I got the crab avocado sandwich and the honey chipotle salad.
Salad was meh, but the sandwich was BOMB!
All meals come with a chocolate dipped strawberry and bread.
Cool atmosphere.
I like how they let you sample soups as you're waiting.
I tried the chicken enchilada chili soup which was DELISH!
I might get that next time instead of a salad.
The desserts looked TO DIE FOR, but I was too full to order anything.
I will definitely come back.
I hope they build one closer to my home.

Atmosphere was cool but food was ehhh!
I wanted to like it but it didn't taste very fresh!
More like packaged lunch meat and salad.
Soup was cold and it felt like I was in a cafeteria.

Pretty good food looked pre packaged but tasted good.
Interesting atmosphere, very modern.

Quality cafe located just off bell rd!
:) Nice pizzazz, and ordering system is very easily instructed.
Super quick, quality soups/salads/sandwiches and even creme brulee and chocolate covered strawberries for dessert!
Defiantly see myself returning based off my first visit!
(Crab Avocado Melt, Mangoberry Salad, Tomato Bisque)

I LOVE CAFE ZUPAS!!
Never knew of this place until I got a postcard about their grand opening.
Came here the day before grand opening and even though I forgot to use my postcard which would of given me 50% off my meal, I was not bummed at all because at around $5, I got a half very yummy salad, chocolate dipped strawberry and bread!
Of course, I told my parents and boyfriend about this awesome place, and we hit up this place the next day.
Everyone was very satisfied :)   I like to create my own salad, with mangos, strawberries, blueberries, pistachios, chicken...things of that sort.
I've been there 4 times...and I've had a great experience each time.
The food is great, the prices are right, and the service is excellent!
I would love to try one of their desserts sometime...they look so delicious!
Also...I'm not a soda drinker, but for those of you that are...they have this syrup bar right by the soda fountain so you can make italian sodas!!
So cool!

Very good food and crazy good service!
They have like 20 employees behind the counter!
It doesn't seem like it would be efficient but they are all very friendly and work together like a well oiled machine.
Very smooth service and the soups... Ah the soups.
They allow you to test them all!
And they are ALL amazing.
It was hard to choose just one.
The price was a little high for a soup/salad/sandwich place IMO, but hey, gotta pay all those employees!
My advice to Zupas: trim down the workers so you can trim a little off the price.
My advice to consumers: check it out anyway; this place is good!

My entire family LOVES Zupas!
Their kids meals are a great deal, desserts are yummy, and everything I've tried has been satisfying & delicious.
A great value.

We learned about this place shortly after they opened; we saw it driving by on 75th Ave and wondered what it was.
Then my daughter mentioned her friend worked there, so decided to try it out.
First, it's kind of cool to have someone waiting at the door and open it for you with a huge smile, hand you a menu and ask if you've been there before.
Our first time, she spent time going over the process with us, even though the place was jumping busy.
Once in line, there were a bunch of people working behind the counter and all were nothing but smiles and great attitudes.
We were through the line quickly with the sandwich and half-salad combo and drinks which came to $22.44.
Not bad at all.
The sandwiches were delicious, the "half" salads were huge and fresh and loaded with goodies and there are a lot to choose from.
I want to try a full salad next time and we have yet to try the soup.
I like the baguette slice and the chocolate dipped strawberry too, nice touch!
Cafe Zupas has become our Friday night dinner place now; our goal is to eat our way through the menu.
And...THANK YOU to all the staff for spectacular customer service.

We love Cafe Zupas!!
Every time we come the service is wonderful and the food is even better!

I never knew about this place until a friend of mine mentioned it.
So, I checked this place out with another friend for the first time and it turned out to be awesome!
I love Cafe Zupas!
I ordered the Honey Bacon Club + Roasted Red Pepper and Lobster soup which was d'lish!
My friend ordered Turkey Spinach Artichoke + Wild Mushroom Bisque which was also pretty good.
I like how soft and fresh the sandwiches are and how the food came with a strawberry coated chocolate.
:)   Of course, I came back a second time a few days later with my family and tried the Honey Cilantro Carnitas Sandwich.
It was sweet and loaded with so much stuff but I loved it!

Friendly, helpful staff.
Good variety of fresh-tasting sandwiches and salads.
$18 for two combo meals.
Clean, comfortable, casual.

I LOVE this place.
Super clean.
Fresh and delicious too.
The staff is excellent.
So far I've had the pesto chicken sandwich (bomb), the lobster and red pepper bisque (double bomb), I sampled the calm chowder (delish).
My absolute favorite is the Pina colada salad.
You must love coconut though.
I've dreamed of that salad.
Something about the dressing.
Mmmmm.
Highly recommended!

