Granted, proceeds go to Opportunity Village, one of the most deserving charities in all of Las Vegas.
%45 off of ridiculously high prices doesn't help the charity if customers can't afford the products, most of which appeared to be returned merchandise anyway.
Sorry Zappos, you're a great company and a welcome presence in Las Vegas, but you blew it here in my opinion.

I have shopped online with Zappos in the past and plan on continuing to do so.
You can't beat the VIP next day delivery, free returns, and that discount code if you know someone that works there.
The Zappos Shoe Down this weekend was my second time on campus.
Unfortunately, this event was in my opinion overrated and underwhelming.
I am all for charity but this could have been done better.
My coworkers and I walked over about noon on the first day, Friday.
Of course it's hot, it's summer in Vegas but the women's shoes were in the main courtyard.
A tarp or some cover could have made browsing more comfortable.
Add to that I believe the cheapest pair of shoes was about $35 after discount.
There really wasn't a very large selection to begin with.
Better prices and variety could be found at Marshall's and TJ Maxx.
Inside they were offering small home appliances, purses, luggage, clothing.
Again, prices were not that great.
Shopping at Kohl's with a 30% coupon would get you a better deal on a blender.
Clothing was varied, dresses, shirts, pants, etc., but again nothing special.
I never saw dressing room areas.
After my friends and I realized what a major fail this was we headed to the area with the food trucks.
I was surprised as hyped up as this event was on social media that there were only two food truck choices, Sausagefest and a Taco truck.
The best part of this event to me was the petting zoo which included chickens, goats, rabbits and a small pony.
So my 3 star is more cumulative including their customer service, which of course was present at this event with friendly employees available everywhere you turned and my past online shopping experiences.
If this event takes place next year I don't plan on giving it a second chance.

Stopped by their charity event for opportunity village "shoe down, down town" and had alot of fun wandering the shoes.
Found a pair I wanted that were mis matched, and the volunteers totally help me find them online and gave me a coupon!
Beyond that its amazing to see this company do so much for vegas thx Zappos!
I need a job with u!

Stopped out on Friday morning for the Shoe-down.
I have no prior experiences with Zappos, other than hearing what a great company it  is to work for...and from what I experienced from the employees who were helping out at this event...it sure seems like they take care of their people.
Didn't care too much for standing in line for 30 minutes in the blazing sun at 9:30, waiting to get in to the outdoor event...but I got to chat with some cool people, and some employees came by offering water, Gatorade and sodas.
Once inside, there was a pretty decent selection, but truthfully...I still couldn't really afford to buy anything, even with the 45% off.
Don't get me wrong, the value was great.
$75 shoes for $42?
Not bad at ALL.
Plus there were kitchen appliances, and clothing.
I didn't stick around, since it was hot, and I hadn't thought about sunscreen...my pale skin burns SO quickly...
I saw as I was leaving that there were food trucks, but was already pining for my air conditioned car.
All in all, I think this was a good event...it was a good cause, and they had a good selection..just a little bit too rich for my broke self.
;)   Good job Zappos.
Your employees seemed genuinely happy to be at work, and that made the event fun for me, even if I didn't find my dream shoes.

I order online.
When communicating via email the employees are so helpful and funny!!
Zappo's stand behind their products and if there is a problem it will be rectified to your satisfaction....
guaranteed!!!

