Mo' Burger is a casual fast style burger join located in the Arizona Mills food court, operated by Villa Enterprises (Villa Pizza).
Since beer (tap & bottles) and wine are served here, there is a shared dedicated self serve seating area for Mo' Burger and Villa Italian Kitchen customers, no alcoholic drinks can leave this area.
There is also counter seating with two flat screen TVs above the kitchen area window.
The menu offerings include single, double & triple hamburgers and cheeseburgers (American, cheddar, pepperjack or Swiss) served on choice of potato or everything bun, fresh cut fries, onion rings, wings, fried portobello mushrooms, nachos, Pepsi fountain drinks, (self serve), and desserts (frozen custard, piecretes (pie slices with frozen custard), shakes).
The burgers are made with fresh not frozen certified angus beef.
This burger place sort of reminds me of the Union Burger chain, locations mostly in Ontario, Canada, though that chain also offers chicken sandwiches and veggie burgers.
While shopping at Arizona Mills, I stopped for a lunch break in the food court.
I decided on Mo' Burger.
I ordered a single burger ($3.65) on an everything bun (onion, sesame, poppyseed) topped with lettuce, tomato, pickles, fried onion straws, & chipotle ketchup (no charge for those toppings) and I also made a combo (add $3.19) with fries and med fountain drink.
The food was prepared to order and ready in about 7 minutes.
The food I had was quite good.
The single burger patty was cooked well done (slight dry), which the fresh flavors of the beef and toppings and soft chewy bun went well together.
The shoestring fresh cut fries were crisp and a bit greasy.
Overall, a pretty good burger lunch in a food court.

Mo burger looked so good from a distance the place physically is great tv's and plugs for your phone.
Then the food came, I ordered a single mo burger not knowing how big it would actually be and when they brought it out it was TINY.
When I mean tiny I mean it was half the size of a kids cheeseburger at mc donalds.
I would have been embarrassed to serve that to an adult its a tiny tiny burger.
it literally took 3 bites to eat.
Maybe it was half the size of a white castle burger.
All three bites were fine but for the price of the meal around 10 bucks with a drink and fries it was the WORST burger I have ever had and I have had thousands.
I would advise anyone walking by this place keep walking go to johnny rockets it cant be any worse than this was.
I even complained to the girl working there how small the burger was and she didn't seem to care.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS if you want to eat and not be hungry when you leave.

First and last time here.
Spent almost $10 on burger, fries and drink and didn't even come close to filling me up!
The food took awhile to come out and the fries were cold!

Cold unseasoned French fries, flavorless burgers, overly priced for what is being offered.
No thanks.
Never again.
One and done.
But the setup is a nice idea.

I read some negative comments about this place, the burger being flavorless and small?
Came here to shop and got hungry, the mall was closing and this place looked good.
We got the Mo Burger.
I split it with my sister, big mistake, it was so good and flavorful, we both wished we ordered a whole one.
The size is good and the flavor was great!
If our shopping and hungry, I say you stop here.
I wish there was more locations, since I love north Scottsdale and closer to me.
I will definitely be coming back!

My husband and I had the crunchy burger.
Delicious!
However I had 2 minor issues.
1) long line and what looks like two supervisors were working.
One of them(the older supervisor was working hard, however the second one didn't seem to be as passionate).
2) we order two French fries.
One was warm and good, the other cold and old.
The burger were good enough to come back again, and the decor was amazing.
The long line and the cold French fries hopefully was a one time thing.

