Amazing Italian!
This place just opened up in our neighborhood, Dobson Ranch, and the family owned atmosphere was comfortable and clean.
The menu is all Italian fare, complete with the best homemade Chicken Parmesan I've ever had.
We happened by their first day open, the service was smooth and friendly, I never would have known it was their first day!
All that being said, give it a try and don't pass on the garlic knots!

Ate there today for lunch.
Service was very good, food was excellent.
Had a stromboli and it was delicious.
My daughter had a slice of pepperoni pizza and it was also very good.
Very nice addition to the neighborhood.
Will be back soon.

We went to the new location for the first time for dinner.
Hope tonites service isn't typical, because it was awful.
Food was decent.
and out waiter was nice but really slow.
Also we ordered the rice ball.
which was listed as coming with sauce and cheese.
When it came to the table it had meat in it.
Just a heads up to any vegetarians which come to this restaurant,   confirm the dish doesn't have meat in it.

We decided to try this place since they have a new location not far from us.
According to the reviews and waiter, the pizza is amazing.
We started with the appetizer, rice balls.
These were pretty good.
Loved the sauce!
Wish I had bread to dip in the sauce.
We split a pizza which to me was so bland.
The crust was flavorless, couldn't taste the sauce and the cheese was not quality either.
Apparently their liquor license isn't good yet so the bar was empty.
The set up was kinda odd to me.
Its like a split floor plan.
Then there was a little bakery type cooler that was empty.
Maybe they are still getting things together but you think they'd have a sign saying that, or your waiter/waitress would tell you?
Our waiter was friendly but not good on keeping up with the refills.
There isn't much decor, kinda plain Jane like the food.
Then we say the table next to us get fresh bread, hmmm not sure why we didn't get any.
We may give it another try in time and skip the pizza, not sure.

Lisa I just want you to know that you have no idea what good pizza taste like...how could you say that there was no flavor in the pizza... there pizza is the most flavorful pizza you are going to taste in the UNITED STATES.....  you really don't know what you're talking about and I know because I was in the pizza business in Brooklyn New York and there basic cheese pizza in which they use  the best cheese you can use for pizza which is Grand cheese is the finest quality cheese you can use for a pizza.... the cheese spreads evenly and pizza is unbelievable..
The taste is unbelievable I'm pretty sure they throw some oregano on the pizza after it comes out of the oven you can taste it its really good..... Keep up the good work guys and I love your new location...

My boyfriend and I have visited the old location several times and was happy to see that this family business was expanding to a bigger location.
Tonight,  we ate at the new location and I went there being hopeful, the new location is very nice, spaceous and left disappointed.
We were the second table in an empty place,  kinda sad.
I've seen their old place BUSY.
The server who assuming a high school aged guy was nice enough but did bare minimum.
I even got up to grab silverware for our table.
We've continued to come here because he likes the calzones, however the pizza isn't NY pizza and kind of tasteless.
You would think it should more or less be the same.
Truthfully,  I want mom and pop shops to succeed but something is missing... maybe cooked with love :(

Went to a party for a friend about 50 guests.
The food was very good.
First course was an assortment of cheeses and meats with bread and rice balls.
Main course was baked ziti or egplant parm.
Salad and chicken picatta.
Cake for dessert.
Service was very good!
Will be back next month when they have their liquor license.
Cuz thats how I roll...

Been coming to La Famiglia since 2004 they recently moved to this location and maybe they are now too big because the service was AWFUL and the food not nearly as good as it was when they were a small local place.
Very disappointing

New location, the service is a little slow.
I have given them time to get up to speed.
Love the food, everything has been fantastic!
Cut them some slack, they will get beer and wine this month!
I like because I can walk there!
LOL

