CZ souper fans rejoice!
Cafe Zupas second location here in Henderson is now open!
Woo hoo!
Soups made in house!
Salad dressings made in house.
Bread BAKED guess where?
In house!
That is what I've come to appreciate about this place.
There are dizzying array of options if you order the 2 Combo.
Pick any two items from the following; whole sandwich, 1/2 size portion of soup or salad.
At least 7 each of soups, salads and sandwiches to choose from.
It includes a chunk of bread and a chocolate covered strawberry.
A little over $8 for a nice size meal, not too shabby.
Soups ....
Lobster Bisque, Roasted Red Pepper & Lobster, Tomato Basil and Wild Mushroom Bisque are my go to for soups.
The consistency of them are perfect.
Not too thick or watered down.
Seasoned just right.
Doesn't have a salty taste.
You know why?
It's made IN HOUSE.
Down to the fresh basil added in the Tomato Basil soup!
I can taste the difference between this and the previously frozen stuff with the added preservatives that they dish out at the other chain restaurant.
I also tried Chicken Enchilada Chili soup the other day.
That one was really creamy.
Salads ..... my go to was the Vermont Maple Blueberry, but sadly it's been dropped.
So now I get either order the Nuts About Berries, which is made pretty similar.
And another new favorite Pina Colada!
Macadamia Nuts and toasted  shredded coconut , pineapple, mandarin oranges and a Pina Colada dressing.
The dressing is light and on the sweeter side, and guess what?
It's made IN HOUSE.
Sandwiches ...
I'll gloss over this one since I'm not a big bread fan and the one time I ordered it I thought there was too much bread and not enough meat.
(See my orig review from CZ's Eastern location).
I pretty much don't eat bread at all.
I usually give my piece of bread I get with my meal, away.
So if you are dining with me, it'll be your lucky day!
Desserts - I usually pass up since I consider the fresh fruit chocolate covered strawberry my sweet treat.
But I did try the berry creme brulee the other day.
It was good.
And they have cookie bars that everyone raves about.
Million Dollar bars??
They go for a couple dollars not one million...just so you know.
So been here three times already.
First time was for the private preview party they held and then again for lunch and dinner once they opened.
All visits the CZ crew has been uber cheerful.
Pretty uber staffed too.
They are well prepared for crowds for sure.
This location feels smaller compared to the other Henderson location, but seating wise, I like the wide booths.
The condiment/drink/utensil area is hidden behind the wall divider from main dining area.
You can add flavored syrups to your fountain drinks or iced tea.
I'm uber happy!
I don't have drive those extra minutes now if I'm feeling I just want a salad and a chocolate covered strawberry.
So there you go.
Now you know what I think about Cafe Zupas.

I really enjoyed my first experience at Cafe Zupas!
The food was fresh and offered a lot of healthy options.
They also have a wifi hotspot inside and a recharge station where you can sit, eat lunch and charge ur laptop/devices.
Also, I liked the syrups they offer next to the soda machine so u can flavor ur drinks.
They give chocolate covered strawberries with every order!
Overall, I'm happy with this place and it is ABOUT TIME that we started getting better (by better i mean healthier) food options on this side of Henderson!
Nothing but pizzerias and tons of fast food!!
This place will do well especially in the hot summer months when a HOT meal just doesn't seem so appetizing!
I got the turkey cranberry sandwich.
I will be posting pictures of my order along with my fiancé's.
I really like the turkey cranberry sandwich the honey mustard on the bottom was sweet and not to mustard-y Like some honey mustard's tend to be & I really liked the cranberry sauce on top with the sprouts.
Also, I got the chicken chopped salad with blue cheese dressing.
My only complaint was that I wish I had gotten the same type of lettuce that my fiancé got on his salad instead of the iceberg lettuce they put with mine.
There isn't much nutritional value in iceberg lettuce were as he got the deep romaine greens that I would've wanted.
Although, I'm sure that if I had known that it came with that type of lettuce I could've asked for the kind that he got.
I will make sure to do that next time.
All in all this was a great experience and I highly recommend this place if you're looking for something that is not deep-fried or saturated in fat.
Also, great tasting fresh ingredients!!
The ambience of the place wasn't bad either!!!
I asked, and they do do call in orders where you can come pick up your food if you like.
Good to know.
Come check this place out!

Wow!
First time ever to a Café Zupas - this place is dynamite.
So many choices and a staff that keeps the line moving quickly while being extremely friendly.
The Cuban Grilled Pork was awesome, and I think the Wild Mushroom Bisque may be in my top five all time for soups.
Will definitely be back!

Their honey cilantro carnitas sandwich & mango berry salad..OH.
MY.
GOD.
Plus their pick 2 combo comes with a chocolate covered strawberry!

I am a big fan of CZ.
I don't like this particular location though.
I know that they just opened but I am not impressed.
I am from Utah and the one up there is on point.
The service here is not very good.
They skimp on the ingredients and its not very fresh.
I am hoping to come back in a few weeks and give this location another shot.
At the current time I can only justify a 2 star rating.

First time at any CZ and we loved it!
We got the "Try 2" so we could try different things.
I got the BBQ Chicken salad and Chicken Enchilada Chili soup.
They will offer you extra shredded cheese on top but don't pay it.
Not necessary.
It is already super cheesy goodness!
I have to say the chicken enchilada chili soup is WONDERFUL!!!!
If I got that alone it would be easy 5 stars.
The salad was good tasting, super fresh and all BUT there was too much BBQ dressing so near the end it got to be really sweet.
Also I had to send it back just as I sat down as I ordered it with no onions, I heard the girl repeat it to the girl making the salad but onions still were on it.
I'm allergic to onions so can't eat that like it was.
My friend got the "Try 2" option also.
He got the Yucatan chicken tortilla soup.
This is very onion-y, brothy but he said it was ok.
Although he didn't finish it so I know it wasn't great.
He also got the Nuts About Berries salad.
He loved it and I loved it as well.
I had to try it.
He would definitely get that again.
Overall, very friendly staff, we will definitely go back.

Hey, every other lunch spot in the neighborhood.
You'd better watch out!
Café Zupas has arrived.
I was a huge fan of the first Vegas location on Eastern Ave. Now that they've opened much closer to home, I'm ready to forsake that original spot altogether.
Café Zupas delivers soups, salads, and sandwiches with fresh ingredients and in-house dressings with great service.
They always have someone at the door, they always clear tables without taking tips, and they follow a carefully crafted script of questions that gets customers through the line efficiently while also upselling on things like desserts and drinks.
The foods are not what you would call authentic, but they are delicious Americanized renditions.
I always get the try 2 combo ($8.29), where you get to choose 2 of 3 items from whole sandwiches, half soups, and half salads.
Regardless of the weather (read: summer heat), I almost always get a half soup with a sandwich.
The soups that I've tried are all really good.
The lobster bisque and the roasted red pepper and lobster may not have real lobster, but they're both delicious.
This week, I've really grown to love the wild mushroom bisque and the tomato basil.
This location seems to serve their bread almost cold, so dip it fully in the soup to warm it up.
As for sandwiches, I definitely steer toward the ciabatta bread sandwiches rather than the panini sandwiches.
The honey cilantro carnitas sandwich, which is a relatively new item, is very impressive because of its glaze, the pork, and the avocado.
BBQ pulled pork sandwich and Italian club sandwich are also long-time favorites, and turkey cranberry is a nice reminder of my favorite holiday.
Cuban grilled pork is alright if you're into that sort of thing.
Finally, even though they're not my preferred choice, the salads are pretty good options as well.
Mangoberry salad, Thai mango chicken, and superfood delight are all salads that I've sampled here from friends or family.
Oops, almost forgot about dessert!
Aside from the standard chocolate-covered strawberries, which are always great, they have many options for people with a sweet tooth.
The creme brulee options are all nice, but my new favorite is a slice of chocolate heaven called the Sinful 7.
It's rich, it's sweet, and it's chocolatey.
I definitely need to share that with somebody next time because it's such a huge portion after a meal.
One thing I do miss from the Eastern Avenue location is that one or two of the regular employees definitely recognized me on my return visits, even as early as the second or the third time.
Doesn't seem to be the case just yet on Sunset, but I'm so happy with the food and the location that we'll have plenty of time to warm up to each other.
Make this a stop if you're on this side of town.

If you're going to have a chain, make it a chain like Zupas!
With fresh ingredients, a super happy staff, and a TON of options, you really can't go wrong!
Not to mention the freebies and half price days they randomly offer.
I loved this place when I first tried it about a year ago, but now they're close to work, home and its a healthier option for the entire family.
The 16 year old boy can get pulled pork, and the 12 year old (who went vegetarian overnight) can eat plenty without meat.
Not to mention 8 different soups.
I was sold at that.
I love soup, and even when its 110 in Vegas, I still will eat soup.
They also change up the flavors with the seasons, or popularity.
(So don't get hooked on one item)  My favorite part, they appreciate their people.
They close on Sundays so everyone can have a family day.
With good food, decent prices, a great people- Cafe Zupas is a win win in my book!

I loved this place!!
There was no wait at all even though it was there first day of business they did a great job at getting people seated and tables cleaned pro I well definitely be retuning and recommending this place to friends and family.

I was like a giddy freakin' schoolgirl when I learned that we were getting a Cafe Zupas closer than the Eastern location!
I finally got to enjoy a meal there today and it was terrific.
I love the choose 2 option (choose any 2 from 1/2 salad, 1/2 soup, whole sandwich).
I especially love the chicken pesto sandwich.
My favorite salad is Nuts About Berries - the lettuce is so crisp and fresh and the berries are ripe and flavorful.
I switch out the poppyseed dressing with red raspberry vinaigrette and it's total sweet perfection.
You get a baguette with your salad and you can top off your meal with an included sweet treat - a chocolate covered strawberry.
They have some more desserts available for purchase but I haven't tried them yet.
The service here is way above and beyond.
These people are so friendly and helpful.
There's always someone waiting to greet you and offer suggestions or answer questions at the front door.
They are extremely flexible if you want to make changes to the menu options.
The food is ready so quickly after ordering.
And all of this fantastic service is just because... they don't accept tips.
The restaurant is bright and spacious with plenty of tables and large booths, and a charging station.
My only wish for this place is a whole wheat bread option for sandwiches and baguettes.
This is one of my favorite food spots in the area and can't wait to try all of the options on the menu!
Still completely giddy over you, CZ!
Welcome to the neighborhood.

Overrated!
Sandwiches are small; bread tastes mass produced without flavor, and the texture is too airy.
Salads are small too.
Atmosphere is that of a frozen yogurt place (bubbly and plasticy) with food aspirations of Panera.

You want some soup, salad, or a sandwich?
Come on in to the Zupe Scoops (that's often how I refer to Cafe Zupas.....to myself).
I'm pretty sure that 98% of people who go get the try 2.
You have to choose a 2 out of the 3 choices (those choices being soup, salad, or sandwich).
Their deserts are also scrumptious.
My personal favorite is the million dollar bar (giant chocolate chips, coconut flakes, graham crackers, chopped nuts, and all the love that a grandmother can give).
If you're feeling extra fancy you can order chocolate fondue (it's made from Lindt chocolate).
It's so delicious you'll want to lick the bowl clean (I've almost done this on every occasion, unfortunately I have a wife who says society frowns upon it).
Catering is a service they provide as well.
I've never had it so you'll have to ask someone else.
In conclusion,it's  derlicious (yes that "r" is meant to be there).
I can always find something to fill my hunger at the local Cafe Zupas.

A second location has finally come to Henderson.
That's great news!
Perhaps now we will not have to worry about the packed house and monstrous lines.
NOT!
Came here two weeks ago with a friend and the place was packed.
Lines almost outside the door.
And the sitting area was almost full.
There are signs here just as they are at the Eastern location that state you will never have to hold a table, seats are always available.
Well, after we ordered our food and headed to take a seat.
Guess what?
No seats available.
Shocker.
Grant it, this has never happened at the Eastern location but I always wondered if it did occasionally happen.
And yes, it does.
Luckily a group of four ladies were kind enough to give us there table as they had already finished eating and were just sitting down having a chat afterwards.
The food was spot on from the Eastern location.
This has to be the best gourmet sandwich shop in town now.
Totally has me hooked and here more so than Panera Bread.
Just be forewarned that seating here is darn near impossible and the layout is a little weird.
There's a wall that houses the fountain drink area and a small squeeze through spot to a sitting area there that if you're not careful, you'll run into someone trying to make your way over to grab your soda before you sit.
I wonder how many accidents have happened because of this?

Excellent.
This place is what Panera Bread wants to be.
Lots of variety.
Very fresh.

Tried Zupas today for the first time and I am hooked!
Our neighbor said the place was great and we were looking for a nice salad for lunch.
We arrived just after 11:00 am and there was no line.
Wow, what a selection of  sandwiches and salads (they also had soups but it was too hot for me to eat soup).
I chose the pick two which was a whole sandwich and 1/2 salad for around $8.
I had the  California turkey sandwich on ciabatta and the mango berry salad.
I noticed some wonderful desserts going down the line and had to try the "million dollar bar".
The salad was fantastic.
Lots of fresh strawberries, blueberries and mango on mixed greens with walnuts  and a mango dressing.
Mmmmmm, delicious and perfect in the hot weather.
The sandwich was also for very good.
The bread was super fresh and soft.
Now for that dessert.
OMG.
It was an oatmeal brownie loaded with coconut and chocolate chips.
So moist and flavorful I could have had two.
I should mention that everything is house made and you can definitely tell.
All of the staff were very friendly and quickly cleared out table when we were finished.
They also have a free selection of Italian soda syrups at the drink bar.
It was fun to try a couple different combinations as well as fresh lemon and lime wedges on ice.
I have found a new lunch spot and will be back soon.
So many different items to try, I can't wait.

This was my first time going to this restaurant very clean and nice!!
I had turkey avocado bacon sandwichI will be back soon

Hands up for this place!!!
My husband & I come here all the time.
The customer service is great!
Staff is wonderful, never had a bad experience since they have opened.
Even on opening day we were treated really nice & with the upmost respect!
I recommend the Mango Berry Salad.
I could never get tired of it!!
Ofcourse we will continue to come here!!
Enjoy everyone:)

First time here today, ordered the turkey bacon avocado panini and the red pepper Asiago Caesar salad combo.
Loved the salad, wasn't a fan of the sandwich, primarily because of the turkey.
It reminded me of that smoked cheap deli turkey you get in the small package at Walmart (buddig) or something is the name?
I will definitely be back for a full size salad and to try their soups.
Also, the salad came with a piece of French bread and every meal gets you a chocolate dipped strawberry apparently.
They have an Italian soda station that is included with your beverage purchase.
3 different kinds if cake like brownines/bars and their chocolate hazelnut creme brûlée looks tasty too.
It was clean, service was quick and props to the lady clearing tables!
She did a fantastic job turning them over and handling customers' trays at the garbage can after!

Good food and customer service

Efficient service and good quality fresh food.
Prices are reasonable and they clear your table for you.
I tried 3 soups and they were all great, even better than Panera.
Would like to see the calorie count on them as there must be a lot of butter in them.
Overall, great quick stop for lunch.

Love this place!
It is kind of busy all time but it is worth it!
Great service!

Very friendly staff, great selection, very reasonable prices.
The ambience is very hip, modern and clean.
I love the pick 2.
There isn't any up charge for specific sandwiches, soups, or salad which is the best part.
I will definitely return when I'm in the area.
Definitely left a good first impression on me.
Nice job Cafe Zupas!

