I work for a store that has been in town for almost 20 years now and we are very well known in the industry that we specialize in but are not necessarily well known outside of the industry...
I don't know about you but I find that to be a problem.
I was trying to figure out a way to get our name out there and start moving our pages up on google and really start creating an online presence.
Now, with my IT background at first I thought about volunteering to do it myself and than realized that it would have been like taking on an entire position above and beyond the one that I already have.
So, I started talking with one of my coworkers and tossing ideas around and he told me about Cubic IT Consulting, He said that he met the owner, Angel and was very impressed with him and some of the work he had done with some other local businesses like Bubbles auto spa and a few others, so I went all incognito and started checking out Angels work and then decided to call him in and see what he could do for us.
After meeting with Angel for the first time I realized that we had found our guy, first and foremost I am a firm believer in the idea that you can feel someones energy when they are near you and if you get a funky vibe from them well you scoot the hell on.
That did not happen here, not only did I get a good vibe from Angel, I also got a good quote.
Once we signed a contract he went to work, within a few weeks we had an entirely new website, movement on our page ranking and lots of communication with him which was very important to us.
We have been using Cubic IT Consulting for about 4 months now and we have seen a significant amount of position change on Google as well as some great results on all of our social marketing campaigns that Angel has masterfully executed.
If you are a small business, a large business or maybe even just an awesome guy or girl that wants a sweet ass website and you want it up on google for all to see, I would definitely recommend Cubic IT Consulting.

I am not long winded.
Yeah, right.
Angel is AMAZING  Enough said.
He is dedicated, hard working, knows his stuff, and I even referred my dad to him.
That shut up 10 years of him complaining to me about his web site: he is finally happy.
But it took Angel to bring about that Zen.

Angel is just that; an Angel.
Anyone that has dealt with SEO/SEM and website design for their business knows how difficult and annoying this process can be.
Angel has designed several sites for me and improved my google rankings on a massive scale.
HIRE HIM!

