A couple friends and I stopped in here on a Thursday evening after noticing the new sign (this place used to be Coronado Cafe).
Anyone familiar with the Phoenix of late knows how charming these converted bungalows are, and Urban Vine is no exception.
Walking up to the door is extra pleasant due to the pomegranate trees and fresh herbs planted along the path and on the front porch.
We noticed fresh rosemary at the table, so I can only assume they use these fresh herbs in the kitchen as well.
I love that.
There's been a lot of remodeling since Coronado, but they did a great job and the inside looks really nice.
They've gotten creative with the use of wine crates on the walls, local steampunk art (which is for sale), and Edison bulbs a-plenty.
All that being said, the patio is AWESOME.
I'm excited to come back and hang out on the patio, but this time we sat inside at the bar area.
It was appropriately dim, and the only atmospheric complaint is that it was kind of hot so maybe a fan would help circulate air a bit.
The wines and cocktail we tried were good.
The wine list is short and well thought out, which I really appreciate because it lowers the risk of getting wine from a bottle that's been open too long.
They also serve bottled beer at $4, and I spied a couple of draft While I can't vouch for the food, the menu did look great and much simpler than Coronado's (which was too lengthy in my opinion).
We will definitely be back for food...soon.
At the end of the night we got to chatting with the owner who seemed cool and down to earth.
You can tell when a newly opened restaurant has the right intentions, and this one does.
Bravo.

ROOM FOR IMPROVEMENT!
We decided to try the new place lured in by HH thru sunset.
So let's  start there.
The happy hour sucks.
No food only wine and beer reduced to $5 which in the case of beer it is basically no discount.
Regardless we decided to stay for dinner.
The meat plate is ridiculously small and overpriced.
But it comes with 2 small slices of burnt bread.
The burger was great, the pork belly was an example of taking liberties with a dish which should just be served traditionally (as opposed to the spicy shredded meat that came to the table).
Service definitely hit or miss.
I appreciated the true commitment to getting it right, but it should not come at the expense of being flustered and apologetic.
I think we will let things "mature" a bit before we give it another shot.

I'm late to add this review but my husband and I had dinner here last week and were very impressed.
The staff was attentive and knowledgeable and the food was great!
We ordered most of menu and were impressed with almost all of it.
My favorite was the chicken with the mushroom risotto which I believe was a special.
I could eat this dish everyday!
YUM!
We live in the Coronado neighborhood and plan to frequent this new establishment :)

Great little spot that has a lot of potential as long as they don't get too pretentious with being the new kid on the block.
There's some room for improvement but overall it was great and we'll be back to see what else they'll do.
Really good wine, we live in the neighborhood so I'll hoof it for a good red on the patio.
The patio was really nicely decorated with the string lights and a shade sail.
It was really intimate.
We ordered the pork tacos, they were really good.
It had a peach salsa type on top and it went well with the cinnamon spiced pork.
At least I think that was in the rub....the portions were good size, three tacos and a side salad for $16.
Loved the water and the glasses they were served in, nice touch with the option of lemon, lime or rosemary.
I really liked the front porch experience, it was quaint and stayed true to the bungalow vibe.
That's why we love the Coronado district.
I don't drink beer but the waitress said they had a good selection.
The staff was great, very friendly, food was fast and they kept the wine flowing.
Dessert really good too.
Overall the bill was $80 for two for an app, two entrees, two desserts, HH wine for two and two regular priced wine.
A little steep, but we did order a lot.
If they could improve on a few things, I'd definitely make this a regular spot and they're new so it's easy to forgive as they are testing the waters.
The side salad, who eats iceberg nowadays?
Just switch it out for field greens and it's instantly better.
The mustard vinaigrette was really good with big grains of mustard.
Perfectly dressed with tomatoes and cucumbers.
Simple but good.
I thought an established and experienced chef could do better than ikea glasses and bowls but that was minor and didn't take away from the food.
I was expecting more out of the menu, run of the mill Caesar salad and chicken sandwich, boring and every restaurant in a 10 block radius has it on their menu.
The specials sounded amazing, throw out your set menu and replace them with your specials with descriptions and pricing, detailing the organic and local ingredients you use.
I had to ask the waitress to repeat the specials twice because they were complex.
And they sounded delicious and I didn't want to overlook one.
Or make a seasonal menu and rotate it.
I think there were 6 menu items all together on the Chef's specials menu (which I think is a lot?
) and they all sounded 10x better than the regular items.
If you're going to go to the trouble of making an elaborate and expansive menu like that, advertise it better.
Make it easier for the customer to order and I bet you'll sell more "specials".
Showcase them, because they're the show stopper.
However I will say there was a chicken salad on the "regular" menu other than the Caesar, that I definitely want to try!
Overall we will be back.
If you go, drink the wine, get the creme brûlée and make sure you hear the specials, they are good!

Saturday was our first visit to Urban Vine and we will be back.
My wife and I are both in the hospitality industry so we always notice the details.
Urban Vine offers a very comfortable and welcoming place to sip and savor.
The service was friendly and attentive by Christine.
The happy Hour to sunset is the best in the city, the tastiest salmon, pork, and chicken tacos you will ever eat!
If you live in the neighborhood, this will be a spot to frequent.
It is easy to see the owners of this establishment are striving for customer satisfaction and will offer a unique creative touch in the years to come.

I rarely do yelp reviews, but I couldn't pass up saying something about this gem.
I live in the neighborhood and had dinner with friends here last night.
Absolutely loved the comfortable, homey atmosphere, and the service was personal and great.
Most importantly, my burger was cooked TO PERFECTION, which can be nearly impossible to find.
The happy hour $2 tacos were excellent, as were the $3 happy hour drafts.
These guys have tons of ideas about making this little bungalow restaurant even better, and I'm excited to see it develop, but we loved it already and plan to come back over and over.

The food was good and the atmosphere was nice as well.
Feels like a wine bar more than a restaurant.
Our server was a little scatterbrained but she made up for it with being very personable and even sitting down go chat.
The scallop cevice was really good but it lacked enough bread for vessels.
we also had the cheese plate which also lacked some sort of vessel as it was literally a plate of cheese until we payed extra for some bread.
The appetizers really need more bread or some chips or something.
the entrees were pretty fantastic.
Someone below said they took "liberties" with the pork but I thought it was fantastic.
If you want the classic take on classic dishes don't come here cause the food is adventurous and tasty.
It was a bit pricey when all was said and done but if you want a low key dinner with quality food and decent portions and good atmosphere definitely try it out!
Just be sure to pay for some extra bread....

I note this review is based on only one lunch visit.
This restaurant is an older small converted cape cod type of home that's adorned with lovely pomegranate trees by the entrance.
Our server lets us pick our seat pours us water and offers many embellishments for the water.
He seemed very professional.
I wasn't planing on tacos since I go to taco places for tacos but the special of Fish Tacos seemed most suited for me of the menu choices so I ordered them.
They did take a while to prepare.
I didn't time them but my husband said it was 25 minutes.
I received three small double shelled street size tacos.
They really didn't look so special but when I tasted them I found them wildly flavorful and similar tasting to the genuine Jalisco Tacos I had in Mexico.
The tacos had perfect amount of heat for my taste.
I liked what I think might have been a white corn flour blend tortillas they were on.
They seemed better than average and I noticed that they were seasoned.
I never noticed anyone seasoning double stacked tortillas before.
My husband was torn between a hamburger and the pork chili verde.
I was hoping he'd go with the hamburger because it came with a side of the day of whimsical sounding watermelon and cheese curls.
He went with the pork chili verde and said it was good.
His plate came with what seemed like fresh baked flat bread.
The food was prepared well.
Portions were on the small side but I note we had enough food.
Pricing for the tacos ran slightly higher than other places I've been too  for the tacos ($12.
) but they were very tasty so that's OK.

First visit, but we were pretty impressed.
We were instantly greeted at the door, and allowed to pick our place to sit.
The service was top notch, the atmosphere is simple and charming.
The beer and wine list is short but not disappointing.
As for the food, the 24 hour pork belly is my new instant favorite;  it's a little spicy, but in a very good way.
I only wish I would have had another piece of bread to finish mopping up my plate.
The crab cakes are good too, but I think there more exciting things on the menu to try.
We we watched in anticipation what the tables around us ordered and have already anticipated our next visit.
Nice work MOD!
We're glad you chose this spot in Phoenix.

The spicy chicken tacos are great and the gazpacho is to die for!
Michael has done another great restaurant!

I somehow only made it to Coronado Cafe once before they closed, and it was a great experience.
So I was naturally excited to see the transformation into Urban Vine.
Unfortunately, I wish it hadn't changed.
I see and admire what the place is going for, but it seems they've tried too hard.
Simple lunch foods were fancied up too much.
The burger was just okay, and the chicken sandwich didn't taste like any other chicken sandwich I've had before.
Boo.
Both came with chips that were so heavy on the salt and vinegar that we couldn't eat them.
A fresh selection of things to add to your water was fun.
Lastly, the table was as crowded as the menu, and simply wasn't comfortable.
Here's the thing - a simple old house with a simple old menu would have the chance to be very successful here.
If that happens, I'll be excited to return.

I noticed a different name at the old Coronado Cafe while driving by, so I decided to try the new establish for lunch.
I had the salad with beets and goat cheese.
I don't remember seeing it on the menu description, but I am pretty sure there was eggplant in there, too.
The curried eggplant is a nice seasonal touch.
Personally I would have preferred the beets plain, not curried.
I think the natural sweetness of the beets would have complemented the other ingredients, but instead the seasoning detracted from it.
Really like the decor with wine bottles, but where I was sitting my elbow kept hitting bottles.
I am an average-sized American, so it would be difficult for big men to feel comfortable here, I imagine.
Then again, it is a renovated bungalow, so if you want quaint and intimate, this is the place.
Like the option of rosemary for the water, too.
Overall a good experience.
They may be trying too hard in some areas or still working out little details, not sure.
Looking forward to going back.

this being my neighborhood go to place at one time, Coronado Cafe, I had high hopes for this place.
I gave it three tries before writing this review.
the first visit was good.
Salmon over edamame purée was very good despite it being a bit salty.
the crab cakes, while a sad comparison to Coronado Cafe's star item was still flavorful.
unfortunately, the second and third visit were just bad.
the entrees were heavy on salt and the fish dry and overcooked.
for a place that markets itself as being locally minded, they didn't have one Arizona wine and maybe only two American wines.
and while I can appreciate their casual dress attire, their entrees are not priced so casually.
I really hope they turn it around, it's such a convenient spot.
I'm willing to pay for quality when it's served.
not sure why Michael O is remarking on our seating preference.
we never asked to sit at the bar.
nothing to do with my review.

2.5 Stars..  First time here and the visit was unintended (The Main Ingredient was closed for summer vacation).
The good:  Immediately greeted with a smile, immediately seated, and immediately given water, even though it was fairy crowded/steady.
Server was knowledgeable and friendly.
The ambience was nice.
The right amount of dark, with candlelit tables, and appropriate volume / style of music.
I ordered the Rocket Salad and it was great.
The beets and warm goat cheese were a great punch of flavor.
I also ordered a tequila based/pepper infused cocktail that came nice and icy, in a martini glass.
Tasty  The not so good:  My girlfriend ordered the Shaken Wedge salad..
However, they were out of blue cheese.
I just can't grasp those sorts of things.
Its like peanut butter without the jelly.
We also ordered the cheese plate.
It was $13 (see photo).
It came with two very small pieces of bread.
For the price, i felt there should be more bread and/or more cheese.
(Tasty as it was).
Two salads, one cheese plate, two cocktails = $65 out the door.
For that price point, my expectations are higher than what was delivered.
Not bad.
Not great.
Hence 2.5 out of 5 stars.

