I recently had protective film put on the back bumper area of my new Jeep to keep my dogs from scratching the paint when they jump in the back.
Stewart and Brad were both very friendly and accommodating.
I had a great experience with this business and would highly recommend them.

WORTH THE DRIVE!!!
I live in Awahtukee and there are hundreds of window tint shops on the way to SMARTFILM.
Stewart and Brads outstanding customer service took care of my sweet 95 C1500 on the same day I called.
Very reasonable pricing and excellent work!
I will always use these guys as my window tint experts!
Drop off your car and have lunch at O'Neils too!

If I could give them 10 stars I would!!
They are beyond amazing.
After calling a quite a few places to find out that every single one was pricing over $200 just for my small civic, I finally found Smartfilm.
They were cheaper than all the others and have a great yelp deal going on right now!
They're new to this location but found out they've been doing this for 10+ years and it definitely shows!
I can assure you they will take good care of your vehicle for the best price out there!!
You can tell they are genuine people really trying to help you get the best deal possible!
I know for a fact I will never take my vehicles any other place!
When you go in ask for the "Tint Ninja" :)

I needed my windshield replaced and the Air80 film put on it.
I found them through Apex Tint's old number.
They came out to my house, had the new film preinstalled on the the new windshield and replaced it.
The installer was friendly, fast and efficient.
However, there was a very minor mishap at the very end.
The installer accidentally put a scratch in the new film trying to clean it.
The installer was extremely apologetic and sprang into action right away.
He informed his shop and they assured me they would make it right.
And they did.
They pulled the scratched film off and put the new one on and it looks great.
I would absolutely trust them with my vehicle again.
It was they way they handled things that so impressed me.
Thanks, guys, for a job well done.
We all make mistakes now and again, and it's all in how you made it right.
Thank you!

Just had my windsheild replaced and windows tinted and these guys are the best!
Got me right in, fair price and good work!!!
Theyre new but i can see em being around for quite some time!

Excellent service, high quality film and reasonable price!
I would recommend my friends to go there for tint.

This shop is new to our area.
It has the friendliest kindest employees!
The customer service is excellent!
It must be family owned.
I had tint put on & decided I would perfer the darker tint which they switced for me at no charge.
Plus I had my cat at the vet in the same shopping complex & Stuart actually drove my car over to Petsmart when it was finished!
Who does that??
They also do windsheild replacement which includes this new ceramic tint at no extra cost!
This tint blocks out most of the heat.
Amazing stuff.

