Great addition to the Caesars' line up of Casinos.
The previous hotel/casino was becoming a dump, Drai's was a cool after hours club and now revamping the club to become standard day/night club.
This should be a cool new place to check out.
Looking forward to see the renovations and actually walking into the casino.
I hope they do a good job to the club itself so that it's just not a sloppy label over the old stuff.
I'm sure they'll promote world renowned DJ's to jump start this location.
And if you have a Total Rewards card hopefully they send out some promotions on this new location.

Great ambience!
Definitely a HUGE improvement over Bill's Gambling Hall, which had that classic Vegas feel, but its dilapidated condition always had me anxious the roof was about to collapse.
The casino floor is not huge, which is a good thing,  as the smaller gaming space allows for a more intimate experience (not in a creepy way).
You won't find this at many of the other big box casinos in town, where you feel like a tumble weed is likely to roll by at any moment (I'm looking at you Bally's).
The high energy level reminded of O'Sheas, but with with a more swanky atmosphere.
Great to be around a group of young, enthusiastic gamblers like Vegas of old.
The staff were all extremely attentive and friendly.
Very creative cocktail menu which ranges $15-$20 for most.
I had the Va Va Voom, which our waitress said was the most popular drink of the night.
It was a nice mixture of Absolute Vodka, lime juice, mint and few other fruity mixers.
Very light and delicious!
I think this place has the potential to be the crown jewel for Caesars.
I am anxious to see how the pool looks in a couple months.
Definitely worth checking out.

Soft opening showcases elements of the old Barbary Coast and Bills Gamblin Hall in the casino area.
It's clean.
Smells great and looks like a much classier and upscale Barbary Coast.
No word on the rooms yet as they aren't yet available for reservations.
Drais branded pool area club is on the roof and is also not yet open.

A much needed update from Bills Gamblin Hall.
The casino floor kept the gorgeous detailing elements from the Barbary Coast era.
This looks like a modernized step back in time.
Clean.
Smells good.
Worth a visit.
Sad fact.
Big Elvis is kaput.

I would have given this place 5 stars because it was beautiful and the staff was all really nice.
Too bad for all those people in wheel chairs and scooters, because the only accessible entrance is in the back of the hotel.
Seriously?
Who thought that idea up?
It was disappointing to watch them leave on opening day because it's so difficult to get around the strip.
I'm sure they all would have loved this place.
Drinks were good and service was great.

Your an all star now in the dope show!!!
Place is great.
Great service.
Great clean carpet smell.
Machines are paying.
It's gonna have a day beach club.
A regular club then an after hours club.
Maybe I can actually have my first one night stand.
Whooo hoooo.
Everyone is way over nice.
They are trying hard and doing a great job at it.

My review is only for the casino portion, and let me say they are on top of it here.
The service is great from all areas, pit bosses, dealers, cocktail waitresses.. Everyone has a smile on their face and so accommodating!
I sat in the far corner playing video poker, and on both nights the cocktail waitresses were ready to take my drink order before I even finished my corona!
They are really doing it here---  I actually did liked the old nitty gritty Bills, but this whole new vibe is really impressive!
Come take a look for yourself!

I am so grateful that my family was invited to stay here for the soft opening!
Our room was beautiful.
I especially loved the vanity and the hair flat iron by Mui.
The T.V.
had some issues with freezing, but all in all, I enjoyed my stay.
The service here was amazing as well.
Everyone greeted us with a friendly smile and always held onto a conversation.
I felt comfortable and there was never an awkward moment.
The Cromwell is definitely going to be one of my favorite hotels to stay at.

Great clean atmosphere and friendly & helpful staff.
It has a boutique hotel feel which I love.
The hotel & casino is right on the strip.
So you can't beat the location.

This used to be the old Buffalo Bills casino they've totally refaced it and renamed it and cleaned it up a lot there's still is a lot of construction going on at this time I don't think the play should be open but the casino is still working in new carpeting and some decorations but again the construction is a little bit crazy with all the people in and out we be best if they just shut it down and get it completed I'll come back and check it again to see so I could look at the fabulous deck decor,

Beautiful boutique hotel and gaming property.
The staff is excellent.
Adrien, bartender in the lobby bar is on point.
The hotel staff is incredibly accommodating, and the rooms are comfortable and inviting.
There is a nice lounge with reasonably priced bottle service.
And they did a good job on the layout of the gaming area.
I can't wait for Drai's pool dayclub and nightclub to open.

Caesars truly outdid themselves with this property.
I'm so excited for Drai's and Giada to open in the next few days.
The property definitely has a boutique feel, but what really stands out is the service.
Every employee was very gracious and welcoming.
Can't wait to see the rest of the property!

Very impressive so far.
The style is very similar to the much-larger Cosmopolitan, but there is an emphasis on customer service that is noticeable.
Little touches like a bellman to walk you to your room and point out amenities, complimentary full breakfast (with omelet station) every morning, and staff that great you at every opportunity.
Some of these might be just for the opening this weekend, but there is almost nothing that resembles the previous property (i.e.
Bill's Gambling Hall and Saloon).
PROS - Modern decor and furniture - Complimentary full breakfast with omelet station - Drai's on the rooftop adds a nightclub and dayclub to entertainment options  CONS - Difficult to access via car - the driveway is on Flamingo (which has horrendous traffic) and is easy to miss - Not everything is open just yet - Giada's is scheduled to open 03-JUN  TIP If driving, try to avoid Las Vegas Boulevard (The Strip) and approach from Koval (to the east of the Strip).

My review is for the casino only, which is top notch indeedI The experience I describe is from the extremely busy Memorial Day weekend.
And if you're wondering,I'm only a Gold member, so do not receive any special treatment....  Harrahs has outdone themselves in their beautiful  remodel of the much-in-need-of-a-facelift Bills Gambling Saloon..
The casino is stunning with marble floors and dark wood accents.
I am glad Harrahs/Caesars decided to keep the long bar and the original chandeliers, because they add so much to the ambiance, and help retain some of the cherished past.
...but more than the cosmetic changes, the modern, friendly, customer-oriented atmosphere is most noticeable!
You will not find this kind of service at other Harrahs/ Caesars properties!
As far as customer service goes, The Cromwell will give any establishment a run for their money.
The Cromwell appears to have hired the creme de la creme, and has made a wise investment in their staff...
Within five minutes of sitting down at a slot machine yesterday, my husband and I met the slot manager, Mark, who introduced himself and chatted for a while.
What a great manager!
His pride in The Cromwell is apparent!
Spoke with him again today, and handed him a comment card, reflecting much of what I am saying in this review.
Frank, the slot attendant, came over a few minutes later and chatted.
We saw him about an hour later at another slot machine, and he remembered us and made some suggestions to enhance our slot experience.
Saw him again today, and observed him working to enhance another client's experience at The Cromwell!
And he remembered me from yesterday!
This does not happen at other Harrahs/Caesars properties...
The cocktail waitresses are phenomenal!
I saw several instances of them dealing with rude, obnoxious clients, with grace and poise.Even last night, Saturday of Memorial Day weekend, the cocktail servers provided top notch service.
Unfortunately, I did not get any names...  Lizzie is exceptional!
She served us yesterday, on one of the busiest days...and a day later and she still remembers that I like my vodka cranberry with lime?
Wow!!!!
I recognize that this is but a stepping stone in her very young career, and she is a shining star, one of many at The Cromwell...  You will not be disappointed in The Cromwell!

REALLY BAD COSTUMER SERVICE!
!!!!!!
1) U need to have minimum $25 SHOWING IN MACHINE to get a drink.
SO DON'T LOOSE 2)ON BLACK JACK TABle[ DEALER HAD 6 SHOWING] SO  I try to double down  with 9 the dealer skip me cus I was looking for more $ inside my bag .
She quick open her cards in I told her to call her manager and she lied about all the situation  and manager didnt care about me.
Instead of reversing cards like ALL CASINOS DO..THE PLACE WAS SO EMPTY ON MEMORIAL DAY CUS OF HOW THEY MANAGE may/27\2014  3am

They did a very nice restoration job to the former Bill's location.
it's a very modern, sleek, dark, and sexy hotel floor.
Got to go up to Drai's for the opening events this past Memorial Day Weekend.
It wasn't as packed as I thought it would be and the hotel staff wasn't allowing us to utilize the self parking so we had to use the lot over at the Flamingo.
Other than that slight inconvenience, I think this boutique hotel is going to do quite well in the upcoming months.

Really nice casino..
Newly remodeled Smells new lol I think this is going to be my new spot to play craps.
Dealers are super friendly!

Not everything went perfectly during our stay but there are a ton of great things about this place and the staff does their best to satisfy their customers!
First thing's first.
Let's get out of the way the not-so-great things about our stay: * Our bags were left unattended by the front desk when our room wasn't ready and we checked them in for storage.
I decided to just wait until they were taken by a bellhop, which never happened.
The girl who checked us in finally just took our bags to the back herself.
* When our room was ready we were given two $50 dining credits since Giada was not yet open.
One was for her restaurant, but it has an expiration of July 31 which is totally useless if we don't go back to Vegas by then.
For the other credit, we were given a list of about six restaurants to choose from and that too has an expiration - for an even earlier date!
We weren't crazy about most of those restaurants and were pretty much set on the restaurant reservations we had already made anyway.
There was one place we were willing to try but it was impossible to get last-minute reservations for the time we needed.
Also, it would have been useful if we were given those credits when we first checked in because we went to eat at Guy Fieri while waiting for our room and that was one of the restaurants on the list.
Grrr!
* Our bellhop was very friendly and showed us all of our room features - but he went a little overboard.
I mean, he showed us how to turn our lamps on and off!
We were surprised he did not show us how to make a phone call or flush the toilet!
:p The whopper: when explaining how to turn on the shower he stepped in our shower - with his shoes on!
* Speaking of their shower, there is a two-way mirror in there, meaning you can see inside the shower from the bedroom - not a fan of that!
* We were given a bottled water with a hole in it one night for turn down.
* The casino smelled like sausage.
* The casino-goers gave the place a less than classy vibe.
(Because of its central location it attracts a lot of people walking on the Strip.
)  Now for the good: * Great central location on the Strip!
We went to the Linq quite a bit which was an easy short walk through the Flamingo.
To get to Palazzo was easy.
We just ducked into the hotels in between for a cooler walk in the triple digit weather.
We also went to Caesars, Bellagio, Cosmo, and Paris during our trip and they were all easy walks, though annoying when crowded.
* We were warmly greeted by all the staff we encountered.
* Super cute guest rooms * Comfortable beds * Tea and coffee station by the elevator on our floor * Excellent continental breakfast for free (with your resort fee lol) * Nightly turn down service with Fiji bottled water, boxed chocolate, and macarons!
* Nice welcome amenity of champagne, cheese and crackers, dried fruit, and nuts :)  This hotel easily gets four stars from me because of its excellent location, friendly staff, cute rooms, and the many nice little touches to make your stay more special :)

The Cromwell is part of the new Vegas project that includes The Linq, The Quad and the High-Roller.. all which is a walking distance from each other!
The Cromwell was basically a hotel built around Drai's-- the 24 hour party place, the new and hottest nightclub.
I would say.. this boutique hotel is so posh and very classy.
It was once the Bills Saloon and before that was one of the oldest hotels on the strip, Barbary Coast.
This "space" regardless of how many times the owners have changed, The Cromwell is the best i've seen so far.
Although the old space was built for an older aged- group, I believe that The Cromwell will fit all ages!
It is very small so majority of the time, they do not have room for parking.
You would have to go to the Flamingo to park or the complimentary valet.
You are welcomed with an awesome valet team and an arch with the name of the hotel in bright purple neon lights!
Once you enter, the floors are tiles and dark marbles with chandeliers all over the top of the roof!
There are also three different bars as well and Drai's night club.
Giada- As many of you know, Giada is the famous Italian celebrity chef who has cooked for many celebrities and the President himself.
She is opening her VERY FIRST restaurant in LAS VEGAS and it is HUGE!
It is on the second floor with dark wood floors, huge windows and i'm guessing.. amazing FOOD!
It is not opened for business yet, but I am sure it will be just as popular as the new hotel!
When you are out on the casino floor gambling, you are greeted by beverage ambassadors who take your drink orders with cool ipads that go straight to the bar so then you have cocktail servers who deliver it to within minutes!
It definitely makes the whole process so much faster!
I have not seen this process in another casino before!
I know other hotels will adapt to this way of ordering comped drinks!
I have not seen the rooms yet, but I am sure it is as beautiful and classy as the hotel.
I cannot wait to get a room here and check it out!
The night club is HUGE!
It is what The Cromwell is known for.
It is a great place to check out for all ages-- whether you are celebrating your 21st bday, a bachelorette/bachelors party, or even with a group of coworkers wanting to enjoy a night out!
(More of Drai's night club review in its separate profile)!
This is a great hotel and I like how Vegas is adding not just big hotels, but cute boutique hotels such as The Cromwell, too!

I was fortunate enough to be in Vegas during the opening of The Cromwell.
Since I was staying next door at The Flamingo, I decided to give it a try.
I have no idea what the rooms are like, and I didn't venture into Giada's restaurant, but I did blow some cash at the casino.
Upon entering the casino, I was impressed by the stylish retro decor that includes lots of stained wood and brass, gorgeous chandeliers, and cool lighting!
It felt like I stepped back in time to a smaller casino that isn't full of loud obnoxious college kids.
I really enjoyed losing money at this cozy casino, and the cocktail waitresses are very attentive.
Also cool is the retro gift shop that offers many cool and affordable items.
There's even an area dedicated to old-school Great Britain!
The gift shop employee was very friendly and helpful, and we purchased a few items to take home (which is rare for us because most Vegas gift shops are a ripoff!).
I would be willing to stay at The Cromwell the next time I visit Las Vegas.
If not, I'll surely come back to gamble and try Giada's restaurant.

Besides having Drais on their property, they're less then something to write Home about... their Valet/Parking is atrocious and for an Empty Casino Floor!!
Save the pretentious bullshit, Cromwell... if I'm ever back, you can thank someone else.

I was a bit weary at first, its in an awkward location, is it going to be loud, does new mean expensive?
I was totally surprised.
If youre coming to Vegas to do the Vegas party thing, this is perfect.
Not only do you have one of the best new pool parties and night clubs, but youre in the middle of literally everything.
I was escorted from the Valet to the front desk where I was greeted by name (thanks Valet?).
I was then escorted up to our room where they went over all the amenities available.
The rooms werent big, but were only in there to sleep, I was excited it came with a hair dryer AND straightener.
The showers and deco were cool, very trendy, very boutique-ie.
Casino and drinks weren't too expensive, worse in the club.
Nice that there is coffee and tea on every floor.
Only downfall is if you want to go to a pool that isnt Drais Beach Club, you have to go to flamingo.

My fiance and I stayed at the Cromwell their opening weekend 5/24-5/26, and short review: we will be back.
I am a bit shocked at all of the yelp reviews from people NOT staying here, the rooms are some of the best in Vegas - we have stayed pretty much everywhere.
(encore,wynn, bellagio, mgm, hardrock, cosmo, aria, mandalay)  The Pro's:  SERVICE of hotel staff is excellent.
We were greeted and checked-in by Krystal/Crystal(SP?
) and she set the tone and high bar for service from the get go.
We arrived very early in the morning and although she was unable to get us into a room immediately, we had one shortly after.
We had reserved a Luxury King strip view, and had a nice view of the Bellagio fountain and people watching below.
We also had a delicious omelette bar and breakfast included with the room every morning - the staff here was also very warm and engaging, and they remembered us each morning.
The ROOM - not super large but very well appointed, with nice seating and even a makeup area outside the bathroom that my fiance enjoyed.
Neat Mirror effect in the bathroom to the room that we didn't notice until the last morning - very cool.
I am not sure if it was all rooms or just because of opening but they had an amazing welcome basket with truffled Parmesan and other dried fruit - really nice touch.
The LOCATION - can't beat it.
Walking distance to everything and awesome views from Drai's beach club.
DRAI's - great to be where the party is, and this place will definitely continue to be a hot spot due to the view and pool.
READ CON's when discussing the service you might expect here.. it's pretty bad (even w/ tables)  The Con's:  DRAI's Staff - Unprofessional, unorganized, rude, dismissive to my fiance.
(not acceptable)  We went to the beach club both weekend days, and although the location and venue are top notch, it was very evident it was a new staff and club.
The security was rude to my fiance but overzealous security is everywhere in Vegas, the real problem was with their entrance and table service.
It was EASIER to enter the club when not spending a dime, then when we were spending $1000's of dollars on tables.
In addition to booking the table in advance, I confirmed before flying out and the morning of with my contact at Drai's.
Low and behold the table we booked was now at a $4000 minimum - so they simply say go take a hike or tough.
After over an hour of back and forth with a bunch of people that had no idea what was going on, we ended up getting a table by the pool but not the daybed we had "booked" weeks in advance.
(end rant)

A very nice attempt at a boutique hotel in a city that is decidedly NOT boutique-oriented.
With only 188 rooms, this really does feel like one of the more intimate venues in all of Vegas (Drai's aside, of course).
The staff also does an excellent job of making clientele feel warm and welcome, from the valet to the bellperson to the concierge/hosts.
That said, it is pretty evident that the Cromwell is a reclamation project moreso than a new buildout.
The site of Bill's Gambling Hall, the ownership went to lengths to cover up the old stench, stains and degradation of the property but it would have been much more impressive to do a complete overhaul.
While nicely appointed in an aesthetic sense, the quality of the items from the lighting fixtures (plastic) to the nightstands (vinyl-topped, plastic wheels) are subpar compared to the Wynn, Encore or Cosmo.
Again - I want to be clear that the rooms are indeed 'nice,' but this is not luxury - it's fauxury.
We were happy with the stay, and room service was delicious, but it must be noted that everything from the in-room tub (great idea, but cheap) to the 'rain' showerhead (Lowe's-caliber) was a mass-buy discount purchase.
Even the fixtures in the gambling hall are likely to be replaced within two years - it just doesn't have the regality of Encore or opulence of Bellagio.
The style is close, but falls short of the Cosmo.
Regarding Drai's, I'll review that separately because it's independently owned - but it's worth noting that both the Dayclub and the Nightclub are underwhelming, which is a huge surprise as this was allegedly Victor Drai's pet project.
I would return to the Cromwell, but only if the Cosmo and Encore were completely booked.

This is an amazing remodel of an aging casino.
The old Bill's Gambling Hall and prior to that The Barbary Coast is now The Cromwell.
The strips first boutique hotel is a beautiful hotel and casino on the busiest corner on the Las Vegas Strip.
There are 188 amazing rooms and suites in the hotel as well as a casino on the main floor.
They also added a much needed parking garage for self parking and they also offer valet parking.
There is also a fitness center located behind the reception area.
The staff is very friendly and knowledgable.
With the addition of Drai's Day Club, Nightclub, and After Hours, there will be a 24/7 non stop party going on at The Cromwell.
The Cromwell has a retail store near the valet entrance named Curios.
There are three bars in the casino.
The Bound Bar and Lounge is up front near the lobby, The Interlude Bar is located in the center of the Casino right on the main isle, and The Interlude Lounge is located on the opposite side of the Interlude Bar.
Giada restaurant is located on the second floor over looking Las Vegas Blvd.
There are escalators just as you walk in the door located near Flamingo Road that will take you up to the restaurant.
The gaming floor has seven pits with two craps tables, including a high limit room.
They also have seven slot sections including the High Limit room.
The Cromwell is part of Caesars Entertainment, so you can use your Total Reward Card there to earn points.
Overall this is going to be the best spot on the strip when summer gets here.
I would recommend to everyone that they go to The Cromwell.

This hotel is truly epic!!!!!
From start to finish this hotel exceeded our standards.
The one one factor that sticks out is the service from everyone in the hotel.
It goes above and beyond to make the experience positive.
It's worth every dollar they ask.
We will be back

It's alright.
Frankly, I really miss Bill's Gamblin' Hall.
Parking is next to impossible here.
When I visited, both valet and the garage were full.
Sure, it's prettier now.
But it's also more expensive.
I rather liked the cheap gaming of Bill's.
And there's not anything particularly noteworthy about this hotel/casino other than it's new.

This review is for the casino area only.
The casino maintains the same footprint from its former days as Bills Gambling Hall and the Barbary Coast, but everything else is brand new!.
The old grungy,  rundown vibe has been replaced with a new ultralounge-y, Cosmo-Encore esque casino.
The casino layout is pretty straight forward with tables lining the north side of the walkway and slots filling in everywhere else.
Table minimums on a busy Friday night were reasonable by Strip standards (we got in on an empty $10 craps table and an empty $25 baccarat table).
The casino staff were very friendly and personable.
They were great at striking up conversations and really made you feel comfortable.
Drink service throughout the casino was prompt (especially around the tables).
We gambled here for a bit before going to Drais Nightclub and really enjoyed the vibe (it also probably helped that we won some money too).
I don't know how desirable the hotel component of the operation will be, but the casino proved to be a fun place to play , with reasonable minimums in a nice, unpretentious setting.

Major noise problem at this hotel from Drai's Beach Club and nightclub.
We stayed there for 5 nights and could not get any sleep due to the bass pumping all night long.
We were also on the lowest floor.
It also seems like they over charge for things and the bill was really confusing.
Customer service and staff is top notch- everything else about this hotel was great but won't new going back due to the noise problem :-(

am not impressed---thought i would take a walk over to the Cromwell---liked it better when it was Bills----you feed the public and you live with millionaires--you feed the rich and your live with the poor---they have tried to take it way upscale and they can not compete with the wynn or the ventian---first it is too dark---any nobody around so i am not going to play with myself no not at my age--take that anyway you like---and i can have more fun with a 25 limit  wynn ---people more interesting-----could not find the wonderful coffee shop that hd the best chinese food in vegas ----Ceasars has been a failure it has been broke before and it can not go on  i then walked over tp Ceasars and they put in a poker doom and really downsized the sportsbook and wil never go back---the Cromwell will be a failure and the pool parties--over priced selling over priced drinks and who will pay what they want to get in these pool parties are a total rip and a disgrace to las vegas frank

I didn't stay at The Cromwell, but this review is based on my experiences at their casino and bars.
The place is a complete turnaround from Bill's Gambling Hall, and I don't miss it one bit.
When you walk in, you're greeted by everyone.
I actually felt like royalty even though I wasn't a guest at the hotel.
It's still dark like Bill's but the atmosphere feels a lot more lively especially with the newly remodeled Drai's, and two hip and swanky bars, Interlude and Bound by Salvartore.
I do wish they had more dining options here but it's a little too much to ask with the very limited space they had from Bill's.
And sadly, the Victorian Room is gone and took the late night steak special with it.
Now they have Giada's, which seems to be a worthy replacement since the early yelp reviews have been mostly stellar.
I don't know if I'll ever be able to stay at The Cromwell because it's a little out of my usual hotel price range, but since I normally stay at Bally's, I love how it's conveniently next door across the street and it gives me a spot to hang out during the late hours.

I was able to get a room with a king (complete with sitting area with couch and coffee table that has Checkers game on top) via Priceline's "Name Your Price" feature for only $118/night on a Sunday and Monday night in June.
I was impressed by the professionalism and friendliness of the staff, all of the perks included in the room rate (plus obligatory $28 resort fee that is required pretty much everywhere now), and the modern decor of the room.
My only criticism is that the rooms are kind of dark, but I think they were going for that with their romantic theme.
I would definitely recommend staying here and it's centrally located on the strip :)  The Room +1 Hardwood floors +1 Cool sitting area with couch and Checkers game on top of coffee table +1 Rain shower in bathroom, great bath products and straightener/dryer in vanity area +1 Comfy bed +1 Hook ups for your iPhone into music player/TV  (but bring your own cords!
)   The Hotel +1 Complimentary breakfast from 7-10 AM in Casino with omelette station +1 Free tea/coffee stations near elevator (and free bottled water in gym) +1 Super friendly staff +1 Complimentary admission to Drais Beachclub/Nightclub and Afterhours  +1 Complimentary valet

I went to the Cromwell yesterday and upon entering, was struck by how much it resembles the Wynn.
From the lighting fixtures, to the decor, to the color scheme, it duplicates the Wynn.
Unfortunately, the service is not up to the same quality that the decor suggests.
I went to the main bar/lounge area and sat down expecting to enjoy a drink.
Not one server ever approached me.
With drink prices at $16 each, I would have thought they would have been there quickly indeed.
Perhaps they don't pay any attention to single women.
If you are a woman there by yourself, don't expect much.
One star for decor, 0 for service.

I've been here twice so far to hit Drai's Nightclub (rooftop) and Drai's After Hours (subterranean): - Cool UK English decore.
I enjoyed both the rooftop nightclub and the subterranean after hours club.
- Similar to The Cosmo, this place attracts the 20s crowd (other properties seem to get the 30s crowd, or older).
- Blackjack tables have $15 min for 3-to-2 payout on blackjack, and $10 min for 6-to-5 blackjack.
For players who request water, they provide complimentary Fiji bottled water (a nice touch).
- Currently tied for being my favorite Strip property.

The concept is an excellent idea.
However the execution has flaws.
Having an upscale boutique hotel combined with an edgy nightclub does not match.
We visited the location to try Giadas restaurant and spend time at the casino.
We were greeted by crowds of drunk, shabbily dressed patrons of the pool bar spilling out into the valet area.
Security was there but taking no action while they harrassed people waiting for their cars at valet.
(Which takes excessively long).
There was a guy in flip flops, tank top, and underwear hanging out talking to a doorman right in front of the door blocking access.
The management barely noticed that patrons had to go around this scene to enter.
Later, an entourage of 20-somethings with those tall souvenir drink glasses came out with their buddy who was coming out in a stretcher into an ambulance.
All drunk and obnoxious.
But the ads for Drais nightclub are designed to attract that crowd so that's what I would expect to find there.
The casino itself looks nice, but upon closer inspection it is obvious the fixtures are trendy, but of cheap quality.
When we left, the valet took 14 minutes to bring the car up.
During that time one drunk from the pool bar got right up in my face asking how I was doing.
Again, security and management was within view and was taking no action to organize the mayhem.
Several of the other people waiting in the valet line were shaking their heads saying they have never seen anything like this chaos at a Las Vegas casino.

It is beautiful inside!
The transformation is amazing from what it was.
The staff is really helpful too.

The happiest bartender in the world, Tracy Lall, makes a mighty fine drinkee.
And she's drop-dead gorgeous, too!
I'll always miss my Bill's Gamblin Hall boys (Carlos, Bubba, Tam...etc.
) but Tracy has put The Cromwell back on my must-visit list.
Update:  Angelina (she's gorgeous, too) is also incredible.
The Jalisco she mixed for me was so good it made me cry.
Thanks, Angelina!
Thanks, Tracy!
Mr. Cromwell, outstanding!

This hotel is amazing and is highly recommended.
Euro aesthetic w. a Parisian flair.
True definition of a boutique hotel.

Simple and service-driven: Absolutely LOVE it.
I had the pleasure of seeing what this new spot was all about on my recent trip to LV.
It's a "boutique" hotel on the strip, which means that it's much small and heavily focused on service.
Now the Vegas standard of "boutique" is a little different than the normal version of boutique.
Don't expect to arrive in a cute little quiet, quaint  hotel.
This is a super bustling, chic, kinda sexy spot with a full on casino, bar, lounge, high roller area, etc.
This is now home to Drai's Nightclub / Beachclub / After Hours clubs, so it gets pretty popping in there at night.
Once you check into your room, you'll be introduced to some interesting boudoir-touches in the elevator and hallway.
One really thoughtful touch you'll find when you arrive on your floor is a perfectly set side table with iced tea, ice water and infusion water.
AHHHH.
Rooms are dimly lit and somewhat minimal, but lots of cool touches.
For instance, the coffee table is actually a backgammon table.
And the vanity area is all set with a flatiron (pretty convenient for us ladies!
)  All of that said, if you're looking for the really cush super luxury kind of place, I wouldn't say that's the Cromwell.
But if you're looking for a more sleek kind of luxury that's more focused on service, then you've met your match :)

After coming from an older hotel down the strip (a room change included)...
I wasn't really holding my breath for another 'Vegas' hotel.
And The Cromwell certainly isn't another 'Vegas' hotel.
While the entry is a little tricky to remember, being used to the monster resorts down the street, from the moment you arrive you almost feel like you're nowhere near the strip.
Everyone was SO nice.
I was greeted by everyone and Mike, the bellman, helped me from time of check in and gave me a little history tour on the way (love that they kept the original Bill's chandeliers- minus the decades of wear).
My room: Amazing.
And Mike also showed me every detail.
I did not see the standard rooms, but mine felt like a small apartment and every detail was fantastic.
The only 'negative' was the sofa wasn't the most comfortable, but I also really never sat on it.
I was visited at one point asking for turn down service and chocolates.
Kind of bummed I turned down those chocolates....
The bed didn't feel like a "hotel" bed, it was very comfortable.
Sound and light were not an issue and I almost slept through my alarm.
Though my stay was during the week and not on an expected party weekend.
I hope that my next stay can be at the Cromwell.
I feel a little spoiled now.

It would be a huge understatement to say that my girlfriend and I absolutely loved this hotel.
We went for my birthday/our anniversary.
Here are the things I loved the most:  1.
The rooms!!!
They are super cool!
Harwood floors, ridiculously comfy bed, very cool furniture and art, awesome bathroom!
Bathroom is the best I have seen in Las Vegas.
The staff: Every single staff member we had contact with was over the top helpful/nice/professional.
Some examples: On our first night, we struck up a conversation with a staff member who was restocking the rooms.
He asked us if we wanted some water in our room for when we got back.
We said yes, thanked him and talked for a little bit.
When we got back there was three Fiji water bottles along with a a complimentary bottle of champagne.
Also on the first night, we realized we left both of our toothbrushes in the car we called and literally within 5 minutes they had someone give us a toothbrush, mouthwash and floss (the speediness of the staff was a constant... this is probably due to the fact there is less than 200 rooms).
We went to the Canelo Alvarez fight but once again left the tickets in the car.
The valet saw that I was getting anxious about missing some of the under cards so he sprinted to my car and returned with the tickets, he was literally dripping in sweat.
Also, I was an idiot and left my Ipad in our room.
I called them right when I found out and they are mailing it to me free of charge.
These are just a few random examples.
Every single staff member was extremely nice.
Free breakfast!!
This isn't an ordinary complimentary breakfast.
This food is VERY delicious especially the omelet station.
I also really liked the yogurt station with all the different kinds of sugar, fruits, and figs.
The bacon and sausage was also very tasty.
Beach club.
Both my girlfriend and I are not big into clubs but their beach club was an exception.
The views are amazing especially during Bellagio's fountain show.
The DJ that was playing was awesome and we had a blast.
A big plus was that as hotel guest we didn't have to pay or wait in the long line.
Hotel size.
I love that this hotel is smaller.
It has a more intimate feel and I feel there is way more attention to detail.
Also, it doesn't take forever to get from one point of the hotel to the other.
Over all, the hotel was perfect for our romantic/fun weekend.
We Loved everything from the decor to the food, to the staff.
I don't see me staying anywhere else while staying in Las Vegas.

Came here to play some of the games.
This place appears trendy and chic.
This place was dimly lit with an array of red lampshades on the light fixtures.
Drink service was on point and they were very nice.
This place mostly plays house music .
Overall a good time even though this casino is smaller than most.

love this casino love the energy and I won here so I might be a bit biased

