The waitress was nice.
It was very quiet as they just recently opened and it's in the back of the parking structure.
The food came out quick.
Portions are small so keep that in mind while ordering .
Watch out for the spice !!!
Woo it can be hot if you ask for it.
I had the chicken curry, garlic naan and some samosas , samosas were the best

The decor is a little formal but the food is terrific.
On par with anything I've tried in LA which is a great city for Indian Food.

Appetizer of tandori wings very good, as was the rest of the meal.
However, an hour wait for food with not more than 10 people in restaurant is not satisfactory.
There was a very nice waitress, who had to greet and seat, wait and bus tables.
Management had no presence.
I suggest they change that if they want to stay in business.

Just got back from a wonderful meal at Haweli's.
The place is spacious and the decor is attractive.
They were having a big party so they offered us tables wherever we wanted.
Some places turn you away when they are having a party.
Not Haweli, they welcomed us.
We noticed that they didn't serve us complementary papadum (lentil crackers) and accompanying chutneys & tamarind sauce that other restaurants offer.
We missed that.
As an appetizer we ordered ground beef samosas.
We were surprised as most indian restaurants don't serve beef.
The samosas were served with coriander chutney and tamarind sauce and were pretty large and tasty.
I took advantage of the presence of beef and ordered beef vindaloo.
Hubby ordered Haweli biryani which has both lamb and chicken.
Finally we ordered a whole wheat paratha without butter.
The beef vindaloo was tasty but slightly salty.
Not enough to keep me from cleaning my plate though.
A note to the chef--hold the salt on the vindaloo.
The biryani was exquisite-- perfectly cooked, plenty of meat, the meat perfectly cooked, not greasy--don't know what else to say other than perfect!
The paratha bread was tasty and came as ordered without butter.
You don't know what a problem that can be at some restaurants as they automatically put butter on bread.
All in all the meal was really good.
The service was spot on.
"Datpir" was our waiter.
Our apologies because we have probably misspelled his name.
But he was attentive and answered all our questions throughout the meal.
We didn't have many because we have experience eating indian food, but  he was available none the less.
This restaurant has been open only two weeks and it promises to be a place where Scottsdale residents can enjoy good indian food.
BTW, they don't serve liquor but the serve the usual indian drinks such as mango lassie.
They have a buffet 7 days a week which we plan to partake of real soon so we can experiment with different dish.
Thanks for a great meal and much luck with your new place.

I went to Haweli Indian earlier today and is a pretty, new restaurant in the Shea 14 Harkins area (like one major plaza away more west on Shea).
The dining area is decorated very nicely and gives the feel of an upscale restaurant.
All the tables were adorned with really nice Indian style table clothes on top of the standard nice white ones, with water glasses and golden napkins.
Beautiful chandeliers hung all over the restaurant area and there were TV's available for viewing sports.
We were greeted immediately and shown to a table of our choice while the waitress arrived and filled our water glasses.
The waitress was very knowledgeable of the cuisine and was able to describe it very well.
They have a large menu that is well detailed with descriptions of what each dish contained.
They brought out this cracker style bread and some dipping sauces before we ordered, one sauce was tamarind based and was nice and sweet while the other was green and I think cilantro based and remind me of previous Indian food I've had.
We ordered the garlic naan bread (A must) Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Madras, and the Tandoori Chicken with rice.
All three of the chicken dishes were excellent, the Madras was the most spicy and went really well with the Partha bread.
The Tandoori was a nice lightly spiced grilled chicken with vegetables that is definitely the safest choice for the non adventurous members of the group.
Then there was the Chicken Tikka Masala it had such delicious spices with a nice sweet after taste.
It went excellently with the rice, went excellent with the Naan and was awesome by itself.
Definitely the must have dish here, so if you're only going to get one I suggest this but everything was delicious so there probably are no bad choices.
I will venture out a little next time I come, but I think I'm going to make the Tikka Masala a staple with any party I come with.
Overall they have really great service, excellent food, and a beautiful atmosphere.
This place should be on anyone who is in the areas; must try list.
Go experience it yourself, hopefully you have an experience similar to mine and if you do I know you'll want to come back.
Enjoy :)

It's not been half an hour since I walked out of Haweli and I'm on Yelp writing this review.
I hope that is as good an understatement as I can make as to how TERRIFIC this restaurant is.
Where do I start???
The ambiance, the service, the food..!!!
I'm at a loss!!!
It is my son's second birthday today and my family and I being new to AZ did not have anyone to celebrate it with.
So we decided to walk down to Haweli (it helps that we live right behind the restaurant) and treat ourselves to a quiet dinner.
In hindsight, that has to be the best decision we've taken today.
We walked in and were immediately greeted by Gopi (he's one of the two guys who run this place).
We chose our own seats and Gopi got us the toddler seat for our son.
The place was tastefully done with grand chandeliers, ample lighting and great decor We were given water (even that tasted awesome) and they were very understanding when we asked for a little more than the usual time in placing the order since we had to get our son settled first.
We ordered the masala pappad, chicken pakora, garlic naan, tandoori shrimp masala and chicken biriyani.
We loved the pakora which was basically succulent tandoori chicken covered with the traditional pakora wrap.
It came with the mint and sweet and sour chutneys which were superb as well.
The garlic naan was just perfect and the shrimp masala was out of this world.
The gravy was thick and savory while the shrimp was marinated and cooked to perfection.
My wife thought the chicken biriyani was great, however she found it to be different from the Kerala flavored chicken biriyani that we are more used to.
Nevertheless, she really liked it.
Despite there being no complimentary rice with curries, we were given a full portion of rice at no cost.
But the icing on the cake was yet to come.
When Gopi got to know that it was my son's birthday, he got us three huge fantabulous Mango lassies "on the house"!!!
All portions of food were easily sufficient for 2 pax.
If you are used to Indian food, a spice index of 7/10 should be just fine.
(We could've gone for 8 but then wanted to keep it a little mild for our toddler).
The wait time was just a little over 10-12 mins which I thought was very reasonable.
Finally, a word on the "people".
When the lady waitressing on you has seen more of India than you have managed in your entire existence, you know you are in good hands.
Marissa was not just knowledgeable about the menu, but she also was seen helping out guests unfamiliar to Indian cuisine what to choose.
She was super friendly and courteous.
Gopi and Pradeep both individually walked up to us during various times and checked if we were ok and made it a point to talk to us while we were leaving.
They have plans to expand the menu with more south Indian varieties such as Dosa, vada etc.
being introduced.
I can only imagine myself queuing up by the Haweli every morning in a little while to start off my day with authentic south Indian cuisine.
While the signature of every restaurant is the quality of the food that is served, for me, the team that gets you the food (right from your table to the kitchen and back) are the ones who leave an indelible mark on you.
I have been overwhelmed by the warmth and care shown by the staff.
They were constantly looking for feedback from us on how to improve the menu, food, service and presentation.
To me, that is the hallmark of a restaurant that looks set to be doing excellent business in times to come!!!
*** The price is VERY reasonable for the quantities and quality that they offer.
And they are running a 15% off on all meals until end of July.

If you want to treated with respect then this is definitely not the place for you.
After having read all the great reviews, we went there this evening.
The staff were ice cold and not customer friendly.
BUT, the worst was that we never got any food and no one told us why.
The couple next to us were waiting over an hour with no food.
After calling the manager over, I enquired why.
She told me not to make a scene........a large catering order was occupying the five cooks in the kitchen...... A very large restaurant with only six tables occupied but they could not serve them any food.....

after reading all the great reviews we went there and believe me after waiting for almost an hour(though there was only 5-6 tables were occupied) what we got a awful food.we ordered tandoori mixed grill and chicken biriyani,tandoori served with normal temperature which should not to be and what can I say for biriyani.It was salt-less and just not like as biriyani from any grain of it.when we told the waitress about it they behaved like it was normal and gave us a salt shaker.and not to mention that raita is not free here for biriyani.they charged you nearly 3 dollars for a small awkward tasted raita..we had a really bad dinner that day..:(

GROUPON WARNING!
Went here for the lunch buffet with a GROUPON.
The buffet was limited to only tandori chicken, curry chicken and a few other non impressive side dishes.
The garlic naan had no taste.
The vegetable pakoras were over fried, dried out and really greasy.
I couldn't eat them.
The place was over decorated and the gold satin napkins were over the top!
The service was not good either.
The kicker was, they brought me my bill BEFORE I told them I had a GROUPON.
My bill was $20.23 and I had a $20.00 GROUPON.
I showed the GROUPON to the server and he gave it to the Manager.
When the manager brought my bill back, he had scratched out my old total and ADDED and ADDITIONAL $4.00 (and change).
He actually scratched out my old total and added an extra $4.00 + !
I asked why and he told me it was because I had a GROUPON and people with GROUPONS pay 15% more than without a GROUPON.
I couldn't believe it!
Never going back there!!!!!!!

We have tried many Indian restaurants in the Phoenix area and we both agreed this was by FAR the best!!
I had the butter chicken and saag paneer and  paneer naan.
Everything was served very hot and fresh and was just delicious!
I can't wait to go back and try their buffet and was happy to hear it is also served on the weekends.
Our waitress was very friendly and the manager came over to make sure we were happy with our meal as well.
Will definitely be back!

= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =  Yay, it's a new Buffet!
:-))  SO, I stopped in here for the weekday lunch version today, which consisted of 22 items counting the salad veggies separately but not including sauces & toppings.
That's about average selection for an Indian Buffet.
The nice server lady gave my choice of Naan breads (Garlic), and it arrived soon, hot and tasty.
She also brought a big carafe of ice water for refills, a nice touch especially on this 111ยบ day, and everything else was just fine with the service.
I don't care for the layout of the dining room here.
(See photo.
)  It's nice enough, but just not my style, and kind of had me sitting out in the middle of the room at a table, when I like to cozy up in a booth off in the corner.
Also, there was barely enough light to read a magazine, which I enjoy doing when I dine alone.
(This was not Ms. Server's fault...  she did let my pick my table from what was available.
)  "Well then, why did you give it 4 Stars, Ranz?
"  Glad you asked that!
You see, ALL the food was VERY GOOD here, properly presented, and certain tastes were SUPURB, including the Mango Lassi (drink with yogurt), the Kadi Pakora (from a really good Pakora recipe, served in a warm cheese sauce), the zingy Butter Chicken & the Mango Custard dessert!
Along with that ice water carafe, there were other thoughtful nuances such as nice NORMAL small ceramic bowls for the soupy dishes, ceramic mugs for the help-yourself Chai (hot Indian tea), and real glass glasses for the (also help-yourself) Mango Lassi.
Not a single disgusting Styrofoam cup in sight!!
Also, no handle-less stainless steel cups to burn your fingers on trying to get back to the table!!
Can you imagine??
Yes, there was too much to love here for a rating below 4 Stars, the dining room setup notwithstanding!
:-))  Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $9.99

Worst indian food.
Total waste of money.
Lunch buffet is $12 with only small selection of food.
Chicken is the worst I ever had.
Sweet dish ( gulab jamun) very strange taste.
I came with group of people, and was embarrassed to be the host.
I am going back there unless they change the cook and increase selection.

Best Indian restaurant I have been!
I have been to easily over 300 Indian restaurants in last 10 years.
Place was spacious, nice decor and our waiter was very welcoming.
We ordered Goat Korma and Chicken Tikka which was very delicious.
I have ordered medium, it seemed little spicy for medium, but loved the spice as I took more bites.
Naan was good and service was really good too.
I will be coming back for sure!
My wife'r rating was 4.5/5 conservatively, as she said.

I want to give 5 stars because the food is great.
All fresh and really good.
Saag paneer medium wow!
All The bread options, hell yeah!
The waiters are nice but not the most outgoing so don't expect benihana.
Also not the fastest thus the 4 star.
Did I mention the food is sooo good and fresh!
Come for the food, drink to forget any service issues.
Definitely coming back.

