I was fortunate to receive an invite to BLT Steak, the newest restaurant at Bally's Las Vegas.
Our table for four wasn't quite ready for us, so we grabbed a drink at the bar.
Our bartender happily suggested one of their signature cocktails with basil and watermelon.
It was mighty refreshing, slightly sweet and herbaceaous.
I enjoyed it, but the overall crowd pleaser was their take on the Long Island Iced Tea.
It was refreshing, with some bite.
Just what I like in a cocktail.
In addition to cocktails, they offer top shelf liquors, bottled beers and varied selection of wine.
Prices range $8-$15 for most libations.
Once seated we were given an amuse bouche of pate and jelly, with toasts.
It was a lovely presentation, but a bit rich.
Later came the popovers that just might have made BLT famous.
These monsters are light and airy, simply perfect with a pat of butter and pinch of salt.
The egginess couldn't help but remind our group of Yorkshire pudding.
The menu offers seafood and poultry, but you must try the steaks ($20-$60).
They are aged (mostly dry), broiled and finished with herb butter.
We had the filet and bone in NY strip.
Both had beautiful crust and were cooked to a perfect medium rare.
More juicy and tender than you might expect.
They offer sauces to accompany the steaks for a few bucks, but we agreed we liked the steaks on their own best.
Though, the horseradish that came with the three mustards was the favorite.
We also had the 2 pound lobster which had a lovely presentation, great flavor, it was delicate and tender; the trouble was there wasn't enough meat to it.
The sides ($10-$13) were heavy on taters, you could have them six different ways.
We opted to try a variety, we shared onion rings, potato skins, hen of the woods mushroom, and caramelized brussels sprouts.
We found the sides, with the exception of the brussels sprouts - now, those were delicious - to be the weakest link of the meal.
We thought they were too basic, we expected a twist that would elevate your traditional onion ring or potato skin, but nope they fell flat.
Dessert ($10) was really decadent!
Portions are large and good for sharing.
We had the crepe souffle, warm chocolate tart, peanut butter chocolate mousse and mini doughnuts.
The passion fruit sauce on the crepe would've been better served as a drizzle.
It was cloying and overpowering.
The tart was more of a lava cake, but the pistachio ice cream was wonderful.
The PB and chocolate mousse was rich and heavenly, though, I didn't care for the banana ice cream pairing.
The doughnuts were light and similar to churros and I really enjoyed the coffee ice cream.
Overall, it was a great meal.
The staff, while warm and welcoming, still have kinks to work out, but in time they should be operating a well run ship.
Rumor has it, the Sterling Brunch will return.

My husband and I got to experience this new steakhouse inside Bally's.
The food was great!!
We started with the spinach with bacon vignette salad.
I was surprised with the flavors of the salad.
The blue cheese added to the mixture of flavors.
I am normally picky with meat but the filet mignon was so good.
I recommend it, it was nice and tender with good flavors.
The flavors got more intense with the horseradish sauce I ordered.
The mashed potatoes and mushrooms were average.
Overall the setting and server service made the night.
If you are around the Bally's casino, stop by BLT Steak.
You wont be disappointed.

Took my mom for Mother's Day after seeing a show at Paris.
The popovers were outstanding.
Flaky, Cheesy, Salty Deliciousness.
We shared the Bone In Rib-eye which took almost 45 minutes to be served, and it was undercooked.
Although it was very flavorful, it was not a good cut of meat.
I am not sure if I have ever seen a tendon in the middle of a rib-eye, but this one had a large one running through it.
It was overall a fatty piece of steak.
The Bone In at Joe's is far superior for the same price.
The service was slow even though there were many servers present.
Did I mention the popovers were amazing?
Probably would  not go back.

What a nice surprise.. Cancelled our Flemimgs reservation so we would not have to drive and had one of the best dinners ever at Ballys where we are staying.
Steak was cooked perfect and well seasoned.
The popovers were awesome.
Dessert was a warm chocolate tort and really finished off the meal.
The server was friendly and attentive.
We would absolutely recommend this place.
You will not be disappointed.

Babe was invited for the mock service and I was lucky enough to be able to join him!
Hugo was our server for the evening and he was great along with all the managers who stopped by our table to make sure everything was super-de-duper.
Drinks: Babe ordered the Watermelon Basil which is what I was going to order (Ketel, Cointreau, Muddled Watermelon and Basil).
Hugo recommended the Got My Mojo Workin': I wasn't crazy about the thought of Ginger Green Tea in it but it was delicious!
(I ordered two!
)  The Cool Woodford was NOT our cup of tea but then again we aren't really bourbon drinkers - it was QUITE strong!
Chef Compliments: Duck Liver Pate with Port Jelly was salty and not bad tasting.
Popover bread with Gruyere cheese wasn't the best for either of us but interesting with the cheese baked right in the bread.
I did like the crispiness of the bread with the light cheese taste, butter and sprinkled salt.
Salad: Lobster Salad was SO good!
Like SOOO good!!
Big pieces of lobster in a Cobb style salad with crispy bacon, half a soft boiled egg, crispy onion straws, different types of lettuce and a delicious house made  Buttermilk Ranch dressing - this could actually be a light meal or almost too much as a starter salad because of all the goodies in it!
Just pick out all the lobster and other good stuff and leave the lettuce behind...
I MOST DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS SALAD!
Bibb Salad w/Manchego cheese, beets and a Mustard Vinaigrette was tasty as well - better for a starter for dinner and less filling than the Lobster salad.
Mains: 2lb Lobster from Maine: poached AND grilled to retain its juciness.
I love seafood and this was juicy and delish!
I MOST DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS ENTRÉE!
I pretty much ate it ALL all by myself!
Waygu Rib eye: Ordered medium rare was cooked perfectly.
The flavor was very good, crispiness on the outside but chewey and flavorful.
A little salty for me, but Babe actually enjoys his more on the salty side.
Desserts/After dinner drinks:  Crepe Soufflé: passion fruit, fluffiness, sweetness, tartness and with the burnt sugar to boot!
Warm Chocolate Tart w/ pistachio ice cream: Ummm I LOOOVED the pistachio ice cream!!
The tart itself was a little bitter for me, I'm more of a milk chocolate type of gal but it was moist and rich on the inside.
Grand Café: Babe loved it.
Moscato D'Asti!!!
Sweet and delicious!
Chamomile tea w/honey as if I wasn't already in a food coma, this will really help put me to sleep!
Everything was delicious and service was excellent from every staff member on the floor.
By the end of the meal Babe was even trying to make a reservation for one of his clients for the next day!

Excellent food, paired with GREAT service!
Our bartender was very knowledgable about the food and drinks :-) it's a must try!

Ate at BLT steakhouse in Ballys casino tonight an the food was great, everything from the liver moose to the warm popovers.
My server Megan's suggestions were perfect, everything she suggested was truely good, she was very atentative, to my every need , an I will definitely be back to eat there real soon.

Great service and decent food, however not comparable to Joe's.
The 4 stars is really just for the great service.
The salad was over dressed, popovers were a bit on the salty side.
The highlight of the meal was the liver mousse with jam....

Not bad for a steak joint up in Bally's!
I sat at the bar dining alone that night.
The bartender and servers were very attentive and never once I felt pushed away.
I ordered me a glass of tempranillo; ding nice indeed.
I went with the hanger steak and side of potato skins.
They brought me some starters, which to my surprise were very good especially if you're a table bread person.
They're popover bread is no joke and pretty darn good along with some sea salt.
The hanger steak was perfectly cooked; nice and tender with a tab bit of a crush on the outside to give a crunch - Yum!
Overall, great experience and couldn't ask for anything more.
Great service and food!
- Enjoy!

We went here for a nice steak dinner.
They give you complimentary popovers.
First time i had them and they were good.
We started with the tuna tartar.
We thoroughly enjoyed the tartar but they give you chips to eat the tartar with and very few of them.
Slightly disappointed.
I ordered the lamb chops because they sounded yummy.
Boy oh boy i was very happy with my choice.
Great flavor!
I ordered a side of asparagus which was cooked perfectly.
They were nice and crunchy.
My friend ordered steak.
The NY strip with bone in.
He said it was fab!
The truffle mash-potatoes were not as good as i thought they would be.
My other friend's steak was not worth the price but i forget what she ordered.
The staff was attentive.
If you leave to powder your nose, the cloth napkin will quickly be snatched up and refolded for your return.
They also sweep off the crumbs from place setting for each course served.
Kinda tedious if you ask me.
So food overall was good.
However i would never go back.
The prices were high and you don't get sides with your meal.

Great experience, super attentive and nice staff.
My Rib Eye with marrow was so tasty and I loved the brussel sprouts with bacon.
Hubby had the same with grilled asparagus and my son loved the tuna.
We especially liked the complimentary duck pate with crostini and gruyere pop overs!
See you next year!

Nice dim vibe.
Classy jazz music.
Nice restaurant in Bally's.
Not busy and easy to get seating.
First came the toasted bread with jelly, which was compliments of the chef.
The jelly was smooth and mild.
It wasn't sweet at all.
More of a savory rich taste.
There was something beneath the jelly which looks like peanut butter but tastes nothing like it.
Perhaps it was almond butter?
There was a complimentary bread that was nice and steamy when you broke it open.
One of the best breads I have had at a restaurant.
I ordered the 10 oz filet mignon cooked medium rare.
Very juicy and great with the added butter.
The chef also provided complimentary dessert.
Brownie bites.
So much complimentary appetizers and sweets that I didn't even order any.
I am a stuffed animal now.
Server was very attentive and did a good job.
Always on the look out for you.
Can't complain about the quality of service.

Larell, Stephanie and Bia were incredible bartenders.
They truly made the experience one of a kind.
The food was amazing.
Double smoked bacon,  tuna tartar and duck liver (compliments of the chef)  were amazing.

I was skeptical of a steak house in Bally's but I was proven wrong.
The layout of the restaurant was ok but the service was exceptional, from the moment we arrived the staff made us feel special.
Pre appetizer offered by the kitchen was delicious variety of meats, Iberico ham, salami, etc.
The Caesars salad was fantastic!
Popovers came to the table next, so good I would go again just for the popovers!
Then the entree arrived, lobster and filet mignon, so much food, food coma was setting in, waiting for the check the kitchen offered sweet treat to send us on our way, what a fantastic meal!
It may cost a little more to eat here but we left feeling like we had a true eating experience, so many great flavors, we couldn't stop talking how much we loved the food and cannot wait to go again!
Congratulations to Bally's for opening a great restaurant and thanks to the team at BLT!
You deserve a round of applause!

I came here and sat at the bar which had a full menu.
I wasn't sure what to expect as the restaurant was fairly new.
The bartenders were very friendly and professional and once I informed them that I would be dining that night, they set up a full spread for service.
I ordered after having a cocktail and they sent out the popper which was quite good.
Chef also sent out a complimentary appetizer which was also very good.
The shrimp cocktail that I ordered came out timely and was delicious.
Between courses my water glass was constantly filled with great service from the staff.
My main course was the Maine grilled lobster which was excellent.
I ate it all with a loaded baked potato - very good.
Chef sent out a comp dessert which put me over the top.
I would eat here again for the lobster but I would likely try more steakhouses if craving beef.
Overall it was an excellent high end dining experience.

