Nice staff, nice décor.
Buck stops there.
Seating is minimal though available but I can live with that.
However, the quality of the yogurt was sub-par.
My understanding of froyo is there are different grades.
The good places have the good quality yogurt.
This was not good quality yogurt and I've had my share of froyo.
The price reflected all the more expensive places we've been to so I can't even justify that "it's at least cheaper to come here.
"  In fact, I think it's even more expensive.
We spent close to $5 and for that price, at other locations with better yorgurt, I've gotten a lot more bang for my buck.
This is a huge disappointment for us.
We love froyo.
We know froyo.
We were hardly impressed.
I wish I could support this local establishment but I don't think we'll be coming here very often.
Plus, I overheard the cashier (owner?
) talk to the next customer in line about some sort of rewards program, which was never offered to me.
I must have been a terrible customer or something.

I really love this little yogurt place.
The owners are really nice and  always welcome suggestions.
They are brand new to Buckeye and frankly I find it sad that instead of making kind suggestions people are slamming them on Yelp.
Both times I have been to this store, the yogurt has been delicious.
They give you plenty of cups for samples so if you don't like something you don't have to eat it.

I was so happy to see this place open in Buckeye, I was even happier when I called and got a sweet young lady on the phone that was pleased to inform me they have dairy free options available including sorbet and a german chocolate flavor that was actually pretty good!
I can't really comment on the quality of the yogurt because being vegan my options are limited so I was only able to try the two but they were good to me, this will be a regular spot for me and my son so I hope in the future they will offer more dairy free options, I would love a vanilla or more sorbet options!
They have a lot of toppings available including boba, which is my favorite.
The atmosphere is great, very nice little spot, I hope they stick around!

