The empanadas were great, staff was very professional and greeted me as soon as I walked in.
I tried the Frozen hot Chocolate and it was great!
Definitely would recommend this place it is awesome especially if you are looking to try something new :)

Walking in I was expecting a Latin vibe but I was pleasently surprised to find a world map of flavor.
Empanadas from Asia, India and Latin America and each with authentic fresh ingredients.
A little pricey but you won't leave hungry after two or three of their signature Empanadas.
Enjoy!

Found this little gem at Tempe Market place.
Excellent sandwiches, empanadas, and teas.
Staff is friendly and efficient.

Empanadas were awesome!!
Great flavors and spread.
The soups were awesome...we had the tomato basil soup which was too good for a vegetarian soup.
Even the other japanese soup available tasted very good.
If you ask, they give you sample to taste as well.
Servers were  very professional too.
Overall loved the place

Cuban sandwich was great and wow the fruit smoothie!
definitely going back..

The food is fantastic.
The drinks are refreshing and original.
Spoke with the chef.
Very nice guy as were all of the employees.
If you're at Market Place you really need to stop by here and try a few things.
You'll be hooked!

This review is based only on their drinks.
Have not tried the food yet.
Wanted to try this place out after Tea Infusion closed down.
Went in today wanting an refreshing iced tea.
Problem is the way they make you an iced tea is by giving you a hot cup of tea with a bag and then a cup of ice.
THIS IS NOT HOW YOU MAKE AN ICED TEA!!!
Did the ownership not take notes when Tea Infusion was still there?
I also ordered an iced chai latte.
Also poorly made!
The old chai lattes were smooth, sweet and creamy.
The one I had today was watered down, chalky and luke warm.
Needless to say if they can't get the simplest tea making down I'm scared to try the food.
And where did all the former staff go?!
Miss their friendly faces...

They have TO DIE FOR empanadas.
I tried the chicken paella (a Spanish classic) and bulgogi beef (famous Korean barbecue).
Both were excellent.
The ingredients taste very flavorful and the crust is buttery and soft.
All of their employees are very friendly.
I asked for a recommendation on a drink and I was told to go with hibiscus lemonade, which is a blend of hibiscus tea and lemonade.
It was pretty amazing and very refreshing!
Even when my friend and I sat down, since it was our first time, we were explained what the two dipping sauces were at the table.
Later, we were checked on to see how everything was and then our baskets were taken from our table like a full-service sit down place.
I was very impressed with the food, the service, and the restaurant overall.
I will definitely be back.
Keep up the great work!!

Originally, I was going to give this place 4 stars because I was not overly excited about the food.
I ordered the beet and goat cheese salad.
The lady at the register made a point to tell me how big and filling the salads were.
They are delicious, but not that big.
For $9, I feel like chopshop has salads twice the size and lots of meat in them.
(Chicken is an additional $2)  This place gets 5 stars due to the customer service and atmosphere.
Every single person working asked me how I enjoyed my meal and how my day was going.
All of them!
Very sweet staff and great atmosphere.
This is what will make me return and try more of their menu.
Ingredients are fresh, menu is diverse.
Drinks: smoothies/coffee/boba tea/wine/beer/soda  Food: empanadas/sandwiches/salads/soups/assorted pastries

This was the worst service I have ever experienced!
It took quite a few minutes of standing at the counter before being greeted, then the cashier was extremely distracted while taking our order.
She not only had us repeat our order 3 times, but still got it wrong when she read it back.
The whole time we were up there and while she was taking our order, there was hot food sitting on the counter waiting to go out.
The cashier started talking to another employee while we were there about who the order was supposed to go to and neither of them knew so it just sat there for even longer.
Our drinks, which were just okay, took a a couple of minutes to come out, which was fine.
We started getting concerned about our food order 15 minutes after we ordered when the same cashier came up to clarify what our order was and claimed there was a mix up in the tickets.
Right after, we heard her go behind the counter and yell out our order for the first time.
Even then there wasn't any rushing and it took about 10 additional minutes to receive our food which appeared to have only needed heating up.
When she finally brought over the order, some of the toppings and the bread on the sandwich had fallen off.
They have sauces sitting out on all of the tables which smell awful!!
You can smell them right when you walk through the door and the scents are so strong that it almost made me gag.
The food was decent.
However, I found it to be very over-priced for the serving size.
But with how awful the service was, there is no way I will ever be returning to this place.

Best empanadas in Tempe.
The yellow curry was my fav.
The chef was very friendly so was the staff

The only reason I would give this place less than five stars is the price but the empanadas over rule that!
Hands down the best empanadas in Arizona.

Visiting from out of town and decided try something new.
Tired of all the normal chain restaurants.
Inside was a very bring and well air conditioned environment.
So nice to be out of the AZ heat.
The empanadas are amazing!
Each one has its own flavor representing different regions of the world.
They aren't fried like traditional empanadas, they have a flakey croissant like crust that is perfect.
I had the Gaucho beef empanada and the Cucumber melon drink.
They also have sandwiches and salads.
Everything is made fresh and has a very gourmet taste to it.
The drinks really refresh you on a hot day.
Love the atmosphere too!
Not sure what the 2 negative reviews are all about because I had a great experience.
Skip the Starbucks and Corner Bakery and try this place out!
Good for drinks, snacks, dinner and dessert

I love this place, chicken Zuri is amazing.
Service is also good.
Their drinks are kinda expensive but they're really good.
I also tried their deserts it was good not as good as their food tho.
I wish if this place would have a coffee machine that would be perfect, all they have is a normal coffee.

The ambience in this new cafe is quite chill and good place to hangout during the Arizona heat.
The frozen hot chocolate is good but the chocolate flavor is rich and sweet - probably because of the vanilla bean.
It's too rich and sweet for my taste - but definitely something to try.
Last time I had a frozen hot chocolate was at Serendipity in Vegas next to Cesar's Palace.
Good to did one locally :)  I guess something I should try next time around is the fruit juice blends.
Perhaps next time!

