= = = = = =  TACOS ATOYAC LIVES AGAIN!!
= = = = = =  YAY!
The menu and prices remain the same as before and the only thing missing is Big Dan.
New management (Chef Pablo and his wife) have already gotten the heating and cooling of the place under control by adding a new mini-split heat pump so it won't be freezing inside in winter and roasting in summer!
:-))  Today I went with an Asada (Grilled Beef) Taco ($1.25), a Pescado (Fish) Taco ($2.00) and a Tamale de Rez (Beef) ($2.00).
Sides of grilled onion, a grilled Jalapeño, half a Key Lime, plus cups of Salsa Verde and Guacamole Sauce were included, gratis...  just as before.
This was delicious and inexpensive meal, so long live Restaurant Atoyac Estilo Oaxaca!
:-))

The taco gods heard my cries, what luck would I have to stumble upon John's review?
I hopped in my car and head right over...same place different folks, they're a bit confused and it took some repeating to get my order placed but once placed everything was as I remember it 2 months ago when Dan was the front man....wherever you are I hope all is well and you will be missed.
I ordered my usual for my son & self, asada taco, tostadas, and fish tacos....got home and they screwed up my tostadas - no meat, bean only..which I will call them about - one second thought maybe I won't there's no number listed.
Other than this mishap its back to business as usual over there

It's good to have this restaurant back.
The menu is pretty much the same as before.
The tacos are still inexpensive and very good, and the fried onions and jalapeno served on the side are a really nice touch; and they have the best horchata I've had in Phoenix.
The counter area may seem cluttered with cases of soda, but the rest of the restaurant is orderly and the service is fast.

Tacos Atoyac lives again!
Tacos Atoyac closed and for a month and we were devastated!
We tried different taco places but nothing measured up to Tacos Atoyac.
Now one of the owners has reopened the shop in the same location with a slightly different name, but the food is as good as always!
We are here all the time- best fish tacos ever!
We also love the quesadillas and Oaxan hotdog!
(We miss you, Dan!

UM yeah... My friend at work kept talking about this place she called "Scary Taco" and she just raved about the fish tacos and pork burritos.
Well, today we went and "Scary Taco" is actually called Tacos Atoyac, (or now this new name) and I see why she went on and on about it.
The food is SO GOOD!
The prices are SO CHEAP.
The ambiance is SO AWESOME for a "Scary Taco" and I'm in love.
I had the pork taco, shrimp taco and fish taco and they were amazing.
They give you sides of grilled onions, a jalepeño and two kinds of salsas.
You have to try this place.
Don't be alarmed by the sketchy location or homely interior.
You see all sorts of people coming in - blue collar, white collar, no collar.
It's great.
I'll be going back ASAP!

When I heard that Tacos Atoyac had closed, I was super disappointed since I had only been once and because it was so good.
So when I heard they had reopened, you can imagine my excitement!
I went back a couple days ago and it is very much the same as it was before.
I had 2 fish tacos and a molote (which I have never tried or heard of).
The molote was SO good!
it is fried masa with potato and a little bit of chorizo inside with black beans on top.... super tasty stuff.
The fish tacos were good, but I feel like they weren't as good as when I had gone before.
This could be a fluke, but the fish just wasn't as light and crispy as it had been.
Regardless, it still tasted good and the fish still tasted fresh.
I will be back!
Hooray!

Great first experience with a quick lunch today.
I grabbed a Asada and Fish taco, a side of beans, and a horchata.
Lunch was served fast less than 5 minutes and the sides of grilled onion and fried pepper along with the two salsas were spot on.
The horchata included smal pieces if cantaloupe and pecans.
nice version.
I'm not sure what I would change.
I guess this is a case where I can just enjoy.
I'll be back.

Let me start by saying I really miss Dan!
The food is pretty much the same.
I had the fish taco's and they were not as good as before.
The tortilla was a lttle firmer, the fish was a bit smaller, the Chipotle mayo not as flavorful, neither were the salsa's for that matter.
The service was slower and not as friendly.
The cashier asked me "if that was it" after each item also she is difficult to understand.
Not as big of a fan as I once was.

I miss Dan.
I didn't go all that often, but when I did Dan always knew my order.
It's nice feeling like a regular, he made me feel at home.
That being said, the fish tacos are still the best and I will continue to go.

Love this place!
Always tasty!

Dan or no Dan this place is still amazing!!
I actually found the service to be on point!
They are actually giving more lemons with your meal than before (there's no one controlling the amount of lemons they give out anymore).
Food is still awesome!
Now they have churros.
I actually wish they were open now because I'm jonesing for some lengua tacos uhmmm... Anyways make sure you check this place out!

The first place we checked out as soon as we arrived in Phoenix!
We saw them featured on taco wars so we had to try their tacos.
The fish taco was very disappointing (I had way better fish tacos elsewhere) but I enjoyed their beef tacos!
It was as close to authentic street tacos in mexico as it could get.
They also serve sautéed onions and hot pepper on the side which added more flavors to their tacos.

This place is by far my favorite place to get tacos!
It is so delicious.
Me and my husbands go to spot for lunch on the weekends.
So good everyone needs to try this place!

I'm sorry to disagree with you all but I feel the "new" restaurant is better, more consistent, and friendlier since the changes.
The churros are AMAZING!!!
Fresh, soft, delicious!
The serving sizes are certainly more consistent, previously I either got no meat, or way too much in my tacos.
I pretty much always enjoyed my meal there but now I can't wait to go back!

I've been going to the restaurant formerly known as Tacos Atoyac for a few years (a couple months after it opened) and have seen it go from strength to strength.
Needless to say I was a little apprehensive about returning knowing Dan is gone.
As some people have mentioned he did a great job of making you feel welcomed.
Fortunately, the food is still fantastic.
I had my usual; a fish taco, a carne asada memelita and an all pastor burro.
It was perfect.
Yes it's a bummer that Dan is gone but don't be afraid to go back.
It's as good as ever!

This is bar none my favorite taco shop ever I loved the previous establishment and this new addition is also fantastic!
I love the fish taco and Pastor the most but really you can't go wrong!
$1.25 tacos is a great value for the contrast in flavor you receive.
$2.00 for the fish is well worth this lovely taco and it delivers with fresh cabbage and the creamy sauce that always makes or breaks a fish taco for me.
The place is a hole in the wall but that just makes the charm of this taco shop that much better IMO.

