This was so much fun and so different from all other activities that are available in Vegas!
You are put into a room with your  friends to look for hints and solve either the problem or figure out a way out of the room.
My girlfriends and I had the opportunity to try both rooms.
While the actual clue solving is best left for the adults, live escape has cleverly incorporated some elements that kids will also love - can't say more lest I give it all away!
Many of my girlfriends commented that it was their favorite part of the weekend (we were there from NYC for a bachelorette).

It was a great experience!
We had a lot of fun, it was definitely an interesting experience, lots of team building.
The staff there is great and I really recommend it to anyone trying to do something different!

Had a super fun experience.
It was exhilarating and it's worth every penny!
I'm definately coming back!

This place has several themed escape rooms that you can do with your friends for fun.
It was a very fun experience and adrenaline rushing when you're trying to find clues and understanding how to get to the next step to finish the challenge in 60 minutes.
This place would also make a great team building exercise or any event with events.
The staff is really nice and gets you excited about the escape rooms.
I am excited when this place has a membership option so I can come back year round and bring new friends.

AWESOME experience!
It was something totally different for me and my friends to try.
We really enjoyed looking for clues and being able to "escape" from the rooms.
The staff was great.
Can't wait for other themes to be created.
DEFINITELY returning and recommending this place to people!

So much fun!
I went with some friends to do the sherlock holmes room only but we enjoyed it so much we did the second room as well.
It was so different then any other activity you could do so worth the $28!
I got a chance to chat with the owner and he was so friendly and excited for us to be there.
He did mention that there would be more rooms in the future and I can't wait to go back.
It was all so clever and intense!
It's a must do.

