First cronut experience and I was not disappointed!
We came here after getting a friends recommendation.
They just opened on May 5th, but their grand opening is this coming weekend.
Super good donuts, totally going to recommend them to everyone I know.
The raspberry raspberry donut was what I had, and it definitely delivered.
Check them out for sure.

Yummy kronuts!
Came here twice & tried different flavors.
All of them were good.
We also tried their Maui burger which had spam & egg on top of a large burger patty.
Great as well.
Since it is so close to us, we will be definitely be coming back & trying more things on the menu!

This is a review of the burgers not the donuts.
Burgers are $6-7 for single pattie $10 for double pattie.
You aren't getting a lot for the money.
I had the Texas smokehouse burger, it was just the meat cheese BBQ sauce and bun.
No other fixings at all.
i.e lettuce, tomato, onion.
Same for buffalo bill burger my wife had.
The meat was frozen not fresh and the fries that cost $1.89 more were frozen and poorly seasoned.
For the price I expected a lot more.
I expressed this to the cashier and he appreciated the feedback.
They offered us and my kids a free donut each and that was much appreciated.
The donut was very good.
They said they are still adjusting the ingredients and may switch back to fresh meat.
I really hope so because $9 for a burger and fries that is no better than carls jr isn't going to have me coming back.
I added a star because the service was good.
Burgers were 2 star for the price.

First time trying cronuts, they were pretty tasty.
Three different filling options available, the lemon had great flavor.
But I still think I prefer donuts and this is where we were disappointed.
They only had a couple of donut flavors, a plain glazed and chocolate-frosted Bavarian creme filled.
(Despite trays of glazed filled donuts on the counter behind the case, they apparently weren't for sale!
) Plain glazed donut was just average.
They need more signs to indicate what flavors are in the case.
We rang the bell for service, still had to wait a while for someone to come help us.
A patron waiting behind us gave up and left.
The biggest annoyance was some employee's child was sitting in the dining room watching a video full of expletives.
I don't think I've heard the f-bomb so many times in a restaurant.
There are better and more affordable options in the NW valley.

Tried Al's cronuts this week for the first time and they were the best I've had so far in Las Vegas.
Warm, light and flaky glazed cronut - makes my mouth water just thinking about it!
Took the hubby and friends back for dinner the next night to try out Al's Burgers.
Did not disappoint - nice size hamburger patty for my American Classic Cheeseburger.
My husband had to try the Franken-Burger just because of the name alone and he could not finish it.
Comes complete with 2 beef patties w/ bacon, mushrooms/ plenty of cheese and an egg over-easy.
We shared a basket of delicious onion rings.
Love the fact that Al's is located on our side of town and we will most definitely be going back.
Welcome to the neighborhood, Al's Donuts Cafe Burger.

A few weeks ago, I had a pretty disappointing visit to the other Al's Donuts near UNLV.
Unfortunately, their new location, which is a collaboration with Café Burgers, was just as much of a let down.
For starters, this new location is inside the Tenaya Village center off of Tenaya and Azure.
They are located at the far west side of the plaza and have a fairly big sign on the outside of the building.
Inside the restaurant, you'll find a counter to order food at and the donut display cases.
They do have a decent amount of seating as well for those who wish to dine in.
We ended up calling in an order and right off the bat, things went downhill as I found out the online menu wasn't updated with what they currently offer.
While extremely weird sounding, I actually wanted to try the Maple Bacon Kronut Burger listed on the site.
That burger, as well as 2 other burgers we had hoped to order were completely removed from the current menu.
They've also changed a few items and some of the burgers descriptions don't match what's actually being served.
When it comes to the burgers, I sadly can't recommend anyone come here to get one.
Everything is straight out of a package and is severely lacking in flavor.
Buns are packaged.
Patties are frozen.
Sauces are bottled.
I'm not even sure the onions on my burger were fresh cut.
While the Classic burger is only about $5, some of the "gourmet" options are priced up to $10 and the quality is nowhere near worth that.
Keep in mind, these prices don't include fries either.
The fries by the way, also frozen.
To top it off, the Buffalo Bill burger that I ordered, has apparently been combined with another burger on the menu called the Texas Smokehouse.
It's an odd combination of ranch, BBQ sauce, buffalo sauce, onions, bacon and cheese.
Even aside from the quality, I wasn't digging the flavor, or lack thereof.
Moving on to the donuts and kronuts, I can only suggest you check out my review of the other Al's location.
Not surprisingly, the product here is exactly the same and I still am not a fan.
However, I must say that I enjoyed one of the kronut petites I was given to sample as I was waiting for my food.
What's odd is I actually took home a dozen pack of these to the fam, but they ended up being extremely dry.
They were packaged in a separate to-go container, so maybe that had something to do with it.
What am I fan of at Al's Donuts & Café Burger?
The service.
Aside from being slightly confused when I tried to order, the two ladies I dealt with were great.
They were extremely helpful and friendly.
I ended up being there for about 15 minutes while waiting for my food and they were kind of enough to keep checking on me as well.
As we all know though, service isn't all that counts and the food certainly won't bring me back.

Sadly disappointed.
Came in to try the burger and fries but just an ok experience.
Cold bun and only came with mayo and ketchup.
Maybe these kronuts are how they remain open.
There was only one other patron other than me.
My search for good eats in the Centennial area continues

I have only had the Cronuts here, not the burgers, and I will say I am fan so far of the sugary goodness they have.
They are not too light and not too heavy, very sweet, and very addicting.
You can get a dozen minis for 7$, or a big on for 2$- kind of in the pricey range, but for an every now and then indulgence it is pretty good.
So far I have had a lemon custard, and a raspberry and cinnamon Cronut in the big sizes (the raspberry and cinnamon was to die for) and their glazed mini cronuts which melt in your mouth.
I will certainly be back to try some more Cronuts!

Kronuts- Best Kronuts i've had... even though it's 1 of 2 places i've been to for Kronuts.
Donuts- Meh.
Could be better.
I'd prefer miss D's or Pinkbox  Burgers/others- Haven't had it.
Service- There's only one person there at the register... and thats about it.
Cons-      -No drinks for kids?
Seriously?
No milk?
No juice?
No Chocolate milk?
That is unheard of when it comes to a donut shop.
-No high chair?
No booster seat?
-And yes, there was a child there once sitting on the Sofa watching youtube.
I didn't see what he was actually watching so i can't confirm if it was inappropriate or not but did see a little unprofessional of the shop.
But i really didn't care.
-Pricey.
I bought 1-Deluxe Kronut,, 3- Mini Kronuts, 1- regular donut, 1-Fountain drink- 1 Coffee.
= $18  Kro....freaking...nuts.
yummmm.

I am so glad that we've found a place not far from home that has cronuts and breakfast!!
My boyfriend, sister, and I came here for breakfast one morning and to grab some donuts/cronuts for the family.
I was in heaven when I saw a decent variety that were all presented very well.
I knew that I was hungry for a big breakfast so I ordered the bagel sandwich with eggs and cheese and it came with a hashbrown and two cinnamon cronut fingers.
My sister and boyfriend both got a cronut sandwich with ham, cheese, and eggs which also came with a hashbrown and cinnamon cronut fingers.
Heaven.
We were all in heaven.
You can get refills on your fountain drinks but ketchup wasn't out and ready to use, we had to ask for some.
No biggie!
The customer service was fair, it doesn't seem like the person at the front had really worked many customer service jobs before.
It's not like he was mean, he just didn't smile much and wasn't super upbeat.
We ordered a chocolate glazed cronut with bavarian creme filling, an apple pie donut, a lemon filled cronut and a regular glazed cronut to go.
They were so delicate and flaky, the lemon filling was AWESOME.
We will definitely be coming back and trying the cronut petites which were just cronut bites with fillings.

I had the American burger and fries here...
They were GREAT!
Business picked up while I was sitting here waiting for my burger and everyone looked happy... New business in the area and I will be back again and again!

No 5 stars because I cannot rate the burgers or the cafe itself, BUT I can rate the Cronuts I got for takeout the other day....FAN FREAKIN FABULOUS!
I am a donut snob, and these cronuts were great.
Not to sweet, just perfect.
Got the glazed one and the lemon one.
Don't like the location though.
The shopping center they are in is quiet and not a lot of foot or driving traffic.
So I hope that does not offset their success out here in Centennial.
But if you are on this side of town make this place a stop for some epic cronut deliciousness!

Finally, a place to get cronuts everyday!
Not just after 9:00 am or just weekends.
Love the idea of pettit cronuts.
You get many favors (doz) for $6.
Great.
Other food is good, but their pastries are great.

