I have to start this by saying i love the Eastern locale.
This is still a great place and i like the interior.
I highly recommend this location for affordable neapolitan pizza with two caveats.
The oven needs a bit of dialing in.
One pizza was slightly under done for the amount of char, the other was great though.
The other is the gelato, it is not Art of Flavors, the pistachio definitely has food coloring.

FTR!?
Yea of course I'm gonna try to get it.
Will I fail or succeed?
I'll find out soon.
It seems like forever that I've waited for Chef Marc to open up one of his Novecento in the SW, been kind of stalking this location for awhile.
Anyways Novecento is probably one of my favorite pizza spots of this style, the other is Settabello even though as a whole I think they're 2 different kind of businesses, similar but different.
You come in select your size, your sauce, your toppings, and in 90 seconds or so you have your pizza hot and ready to eat.
They have a huge selection of toppings too many for me to name but there must have been about 20-40.
Pepperoni, capers, smoked salmon, salami, spicy salami, sundried tomato, just to name a few.
There was a lunch special for $8.99 which included a 7 inch one topping margherita pizza, a small salad, and a drink.
I went with white sauce, pesto, and spicy salami on the pizza it was pretty good a little on the greasy side but good flavor.
I went with the arugula salad which came with some balsamic vinegar, delicious, there was a mixture of 2 kinds of olives in it, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, and other things.
Tossing some of the salad on the pizza made it so good that I wanted another.
That's just one pizza, do whatever combination you want, one or more topping, top it with a salad or not.
I've had their pizzas at their other location up north, they're delicious.
For you gelato fans there's gelato too.
The guy told me half was from Art of Flavors so looks like I don't have to drive far for my AOF.
AOF is a gelato shop in the center of town doing all kinds of unique flavors and I always see people checking in.
I'll be checking in here more often what's the point of me going to the gym.
There's also Italian coffee, drink them as is or with some gelato.
It's located right next to Kobe Sushi north of the 215 on S. Rainbow.
Parking has already been limited with the number of businesses around the plaza so park in the back of the building if there's no parking.
It seems a lot smaller when compared to the original location.
I'd say there's enough seats but once people start finding out it's here forget about dining inside during lunch take it to go.
I'll definitely be back before the end of the week or tomorrow.
Also pick up one of their loyalty cards.
Buy 10 pizzas or salad and get a free 10" two topping pizza.
Looks like the special counts for only 1 at least that how many stamps I got.

After taking multiple trips to Italy the last few years, I have been desperately searching for an authentic, high-quality pizza in the states.
One of my friends suggested I head across town to try Novencento and I wasn't disappointed.
I'm SO HAPPY a location has now opened on the Southwest side of town.
The major draw here is the quality of the ingredients.
Super high quality dough, olive oil, salami and cheese makes the pizza superior to other pizzas.
This is true European / Italian style pizza.
Pizza Hut it ain't.
I decided on a custom built pizza.
You can add  really high quality toppings to customize, but they suggest you add no more than 3.
The pizza won't cook all the way through if it's loaded down, so don't start fussing that your pie isn't loaded with cheese or salami -- it's done in the traditional Italian way!
The pizza itself was tasty.
I opted for a simple cheese, marinara, and olive oil pie.
Sometimes you can tell the true quality of a meal when you go for simple and unfussy.
I cannot stress the super high quality of the ingredients that are used.
They also offer three different kinds of pizza crust: wheat, original and gluten free (perfect if you have food allergies).
The caesar salad was very good and the smaller size makes a nice side dish for one.
To keep with the Italian theme, they have a small gelato counter and they serve Illy coffee (my favorite), so I'll be sure to get an espresso next time I'm in.
There's a Starbucks directly across the way from them but if you go there to get a coffee instead of here, line up so I can give you a smack!
Illy espresso is the BEST.
The atmosphere is cool and hip with concrete floors and gorgeous reclaimed wood tables.
They have a soda fountain with brewed iced tea and Pepsi products.
The employees are all VERY friendly and welcoming and they are happy to take the time to teach you about the menu.
Note that parking in this shopping center can be difficult -- it's sometimes hard to find a spot.
This is a great, fresh pizza place!
Welcome to the neighborhood, Novecento!

Same tasty Neapolitan pizza and friendly service from Chef Marc and his staff at the newest Novecento location.
I didn't even know there was a new one opening until I saw LJ's review.
Mi amiga and I both had the day off and met up here for lunch during opening week.
Chef Marc was there to greet me when I arrived first.
I've met him previously at the Novecento in the Northwest as well as at his Parma restaurant, so it was nice to see him here even though I'm sure he doesn't remember me.
That man is always full of energy and passionate about his food, at least the three times that I've seen him.
Girlfriend arrived and the friendly man working behind the counter explained the pizza options, plus the specials.
We chose to share the $13.99 special: a 10" Margherita pizza with one topping (mushrooms) plus a small salad (chopped), plus one drink, but they threw in the second one on the house--grazie!
We also got the gluten-free crust at mi amiga's request and, since I'd never had gluten-free pizza before, I was curious as to how it would taste.
Neapolitan pizza is soft dough pizza and it's not for everyone, but I like it.
The gluten-free version tasted just like the regular version, except it seemed a little spicy to me.
Nevertheless, the salad and pizza were more than enough for both of us.
This is not complicated food, just delicious food.
The small chopped salad consists of romaine, Genoa salami, gorgonzola cheese, and red wine vinaigrette.
The Margherita is marinara sauce, fresh mozzarella, basil, grated cheese, extra-virgin olive oil, and whatever toppings you choose to add.
Novecento also carries our favorite gelato, Art of Flavors, the best in town and yet another reason to be a fan.
If you haven't tried Novecento, now is the time.
Mangia!
*It seems that there are two separate business listings for the same location-ugh.

Awesome pizza!
I could give you novecento reasons to try this pizza  but that would take too much time and space and also I don't get paid enough.
(where's my elite badge?
) besides one reason should suffice.....AWESOME pizza!
Brand new spanking place still with that brand new car smell and cleanness, no burnt out employees still smiling and patiently providing great customer service on a very well designed modern dining area made my tiny 10 inch 10 dollar Neapolitan pizza the best deal in town!
Build your own pizza starting from the dough, regular or gluten free, the sauces and the ingredients laid out in front on you subway style, then taken to a real wood burning brick oven to melt cook and infuse all those wonderful ingredients you just picked into one edible masterpiece, at the end you have no one to blame or to praise for your wonderful creation but yourself...ok, and some minimal help from chef Marc and his credo that only the freshest and finest ingredients makes for a better pie.
Don't believe me?....fuc my review and go try it for yourself!
Novecento visit challenge #1     \uuu/ \uuu/

We came in during the first few days after they opened, so the staff was still working out some of the kinks.
I won't fault them for that.
They were all extremely friendly and helpful and there is always a bit of a learning curve for a new spot.
Despite the fact that the entire staff was still in the training stages, the food came out tasting great.
Chef Marc was there helping the staff out and giving them pointers as they prepared our food and chatted us up while we waited.
You really see how passionate he is for his business, which was important.
Everyone in our party ordered the one topping pizza, salad and drink combo.
My fella and I decided to share since we wanted to try out the dessert pizza.
We opted for the spicy sauce and supprassota on top.
It had a nice spicy kick and the crust was perfection.
Even better than the one I had at their other location on Eastern.
The salad was great as well.
We opted for the Caesar and it had a nice subtle flavor and wasn't overly sauced, which I enjoyed.
We ordered everything together and they offered to make our dessert pizza a little later so we could enjoy it when we were ready, so it was as fresh and warm as possible.
The flavors were great and I really enjoyed this little treat.
Not overly sweet and had a nice savory aspect that helped even out the powdered sugar and fruit topping.
As much as I liked it, I would probably stick to their savory items next time since they offer Art of Flavors gelato as well and it's very hard to me to resist that when it's available.
I'm very excited by the newest addition to this complex and I see myself coming pretty often to indulge my pizza and gelato cravings.

My favorite pizza in town!
So excited to drive past and see a new location on my side of town!
I always get pepperoncinis, tomatoes, and gobs of pressed garlic.
Omg, it's so delicious.

Super friendly staffs, pizza was good.
nice smoky flavor.
I tried this bottled tea with vanilla coconut flavor, it was great too

I hate to give a new business a bad review....but I think they should know of the experience we had Friday night.....especially since this is their 2nd location.
Friday nights are pizza Friday's and we wanted to go some place new.
So I hoped on YELP and Novecento came up with great reviews....and I also knew of a Novecento in the GV area so I was excited to have one on my side of town.
We found it very easily at Rainbow between Sunset and Post Rd (behind the Port of Subs and Starbucks).
We walked in and got in line behind two other families to order our dinner.
The process was a little slow because there seemed to be confusion with the staff making the pizzas.
There was one gentleman that seemed to know what he was doing but everyone seemed to need his help and he was also in charge of baking the pizzas.
After about 15-20 min it was finally our turn to order....I was starving and so were my twins  and they were excited to pick out their toppings and watch the pizza being put together.
About 2-3 different people had a hand in putting out order together.....one just as confused as the next.
The young man in charge of the sauce seemed to have never really made pizzas before...kept stretching the dough to thin and not putting enough sauce on it....we also asked for a salad and that was like pulling teeth to get someone to make it.
We finally make it to the end of the pizza counter to pay and order drinks....you even see the pizzas go in the oven (again something my twins really enjoyed)...the soda machine wasn't working yet so we had to order bottled sodas and my husband ordered beer.....at this point I needed a glasses of wine but they didn't have any wine yet.
After ringing everything up and $74 dollars later...we had 4 pizzas a salad and 2 beers.
We went to sit down because they walk your pizza out to you.
We got our salad surprisingly fast after the confusion and when I looked over to see our pizzas, I noticed they were already cooked and in front of the pizza oven.....they sat there for 10 min before being delivered to our table.
I told everyone not to complain and just eat it...I was now irritated and my cheat night of pizza was a disaster.
As for the flavor of the pizza, it was ok.....Settebello is better and pricing is just about the same and they have wine and they have waiter/waitress service.
The staff was nice just inexperienced and confused.
I do hope they get it together.....they are in a great location and have the potential to make a killing!

So far, pretty good lunch pizza place.
They cook the pizza quickly because it's baked at almost twice the temperature that pizza should be cooked at... thus the name 900 for 900 degrees.
It wasn't bad, and the service was decent although it was kind of strange that they were open but also had some construction going on.
It's THAT new.
I think that it's probably going to be a hit with the lunch crowd if it keeps it quick.
At $11-15 per person, it's not too bad when you want a quick sit down place for pizza.
It's not your average Dominos or anything.
I believe the actual lunch special is somewhere around $9 but I don't remember exactly now.
Comes with a 1 topping 7" pizza with a salad and a drink.

Ever wish for a place that is healthy & fresh combined with fast food?
Well I have and Novecento is the closest thing in Vegas.
It's like Pizza Hut clashed with whole foods, it's like weight watchers married Grimaldis.
Delicious wood oven hot pizza and choice of four gourmet salads.
Try the pesto sauce, fresh basil, parm, fresh mozzarella & pepperoni pizza add on the beet salad.
I have dined 3xs and tried new items each time, and have not been disappointed.
The lunch special features, 1 pizza + 1 topping +1 salad + 1 drink for $8.99.
TIP the base pizza comes w sauce of your choice, parmesan, fresh basil and fresh mozzarella.

I don't write reviews often but when I do it is because the business deserved it.
That is the case with Novecento on S Rainbow.
Disregard the negative reviews about a new location opening.
All places work kinks out.
I went in there today and received some of the best service you could receive.
They explained the menu and process to me.
They explained all their salads and drinks.
They wanted to make sure I enjoyed my dining experience.
Every employee said hi and were very friendly.
As for the pizza, best 90 sec pizza in town.
Fresh dough and ingredients.
Very hot and flavorful.
The place was very clean.
If you want quick, flavorful and affordable pizza then stop at Nove and show them some love.
They will do the same to you.
And if you like the service and plan on coming back then make sure and grab a VIP card.
Can't beat it!
Disclaimer for the cynical people...
I in no way work for or am affiliated with Nove.
I just appreciate excellent service and food and give kudos where kudos is deserved.
The end!

I've been wanting to try this for a long time, so happy it finally came to our neighborhood.
I was a little overwhelmed with the menu, so many choices and combinations!
We ended up getting a Bianco and a Naples with Suprassotta.
They were done in the blink of an eye, we paid, got our drinks and they were ready.
once you cut your pizza the center crust gets a bit soggy, but the pizza's were really good.
We even had some AOF gelato for dessert.
Prices are a bit high for the size of the pizzas, so I'm sure we'll return again and again, it just won't be our Go To pizza place.

Welllll the pizza was okay, maybe I'll try someone different next time- I had the regular sauce & pepperoni but the chopped salad is reason enough to come here!
So good!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(157/365) "Novecento 3.0"  We were in the area and we were hungry from shopping all day, so we decided to check out Chef Marc's third Novecento location.
This location seems a lot bigger than the other two locations and has a similar set up plus a bar area as well.
Chef Marc wasn't there, but Rob took care of us.
We shared a Blanco and a small Chopped Salad which was more than plenty for two people.
Service was great,  food arrived quickly, and everything was delicious (best chopped salad in town IMO).
They feature a few Gelato flavors from Art of Flavors,  as well as another company,  but any time we are on this side of town,  a visit to one of my favorite pastry shops are always on my itinerary for the day.
Stop in for some killer pizzas and salads that use quality ingredients without breaking the bank.
ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  5

Third time here and enjoyed every trip.
Pizzas are top notch with all the toppings you could ask for .. chopped salad was excellent and Calzone was, if not the best, one of the best I ever had.
Helpful and polite service.
Thoroughly enjoyed!

On Sunday, I ran a few errands and stopped at my favorite Starbucks on Rainbow for an iced tea.
It was the last day of eating what I wanted before my diet started and as I left Starbucks, I noticed the "90 second wood fired pizza" sign across the way.
I walked in and was pleased with the decor of the new pizza spot.
The ordering process is very similar to ordering a sandwich at Subway.
A young lady asked me what I would like.
I ordered a pizza with whole wheat crust with pepperoni and garlic.
At a little over $12, I was hoping for something pretty amazing out of a 10", very thin pizza.
It went in the oven as I paid and was at my table in a to go box in less than 2 minutes.
So far so good.
I went home with my goodies and settled in.
It was all downhill from there.
The underside of this thing was black from being cooked too hot.
I took one bite and the only way I can describe the flavor is "burnt salt.
" I couldn't taste the whole roasted garlic chunks, the mozzarella or the pepperoni.
I don't know if it was the sauce or the crust, but I felt like I went 12 rounds with a salt lick.
I looked for a spot that wasn't scorched to resemble asphalt and after 3 bites, I have up and drank the rest of my iced tea in the hopes of saving my taste buds from the sodium WMD that I was just assaulted with.
First and last time I try a 90-second pizza.

The whole wheat dough was delicious.
Had the Roma pizza.
The Pancetta was salty, the organic brown eggs are a great addition and just the overall taste was a pleasant surprise.
Came out much faster than other wood fire places.
They also have gelato and sorbet with some rotating flavors.
Lots of flavor and smooth.
Check this place out it just opened but the word is getting out.
They also have pinch cards and an app for free pizza :)

