I have been to both locations and I have seen 4 different girls.
My favorite is Jasmine.
I have been an Aesthetician for 16 years and I am very impressed with her lash application , never has she applied lashes to my inner eyelid which has happened by a "matter artist" at another location.
She uses a good amount of adhesive and knows what she is doing.
My lashes stay on for the recommended 8-12 days.
I don't consider myself picky, just know what I like.
Jasmine is very sweet and I never feel uncomfortable throughout the lash application.
She is very gentle and I truely feel like she enjoys her job at Cherry.
I'm going to see her today and I will upload a pic.
Thank you to Amy in Utah for following up and making me happy and my opinion matter.
The level of customer service is superb.
Oh .
Don't forget if you want your lashes to stay on you must not get them wet for 48 hours.
Seems like a long time but well worth it.
Invest in Cherry's Goggles for first 48 hour showers and spray tanning.
Also both the lash sealer and lash coating are a must have for those nights you want a mascara type look..

I've gone to Cherry Lash for a while now and I've never had a disappointing experience!
The staff is amazing & the new Henderson location is convenient.
At first I was unsure about extensions, but after one visit with Cherry Lash it became an addiction!
I would recommend seeing Jasmine, a lash artist, because she is knowledgable & passionate.
My appointments with her go by so quick & I'm constantly getting compliments on how flawless and natural my lashes look :)

I had an appointment with Asia (lash master) and got the "ravaging" set ($189).
The salon was nice, comfy chairs and soft blankets.
Asia was nice as well.
The process was relaxing & not uncomfortable at all.
The results were not what I would have expected for almost $200.
The lashes were pretty and super lite weight which was great but honestly it just looked like I had mascara on.
I suppose I expected more dramatic results for the money.
No one noticed any difference in my appearance.
I did enjoy not having to apply mascara for the 2 weeks they lasted but will not be paying the $90 every 2-3weeks to keep them up.
Again, the lashes, lash master and atmosphere were great.
I just didn't see the value in the service being provided, especially the cost of up keep.
If they were more affordable I would have given a higher rating.

I cannot even think of my face without my pretty lashes!
They are easy to maintain.
The lounge is clean and smells great, everyone is super friendly.
Alyssa is awesome!!
The price is right and the quality is super!
Highly addictive!

This location is Cherry Lash Lounge's newer venue, and it is just as good as the one on the west side of town.
It is a smaller location, and a bit hard to find, as it is nestled in a small shopping center off of Eastern Avenue.
Despite its slightly hidden location, the customer service and quality is just as good as their other store.
They are not yet fully set up on Yelp, so in order to receive the check-in discount, you'll have to check into the west side location, but they happily applied it for me.
While I'd prefer to continue getting my lashes on the west side, my lash artist now works in Henderson- so it looks like I'll be making the trek- she's that good!

I jumped on the band wagon and went to get eyelash extensions.
I've seen the groupons and have heard of a few other places.
I have seen the work that comes from Cherry Lash Lounge so I made the appointment.
I wanted to get into the location closer to my house but they were booked out so I went with the location in Henderson.
I'm so glad I did.
When it comes to hair and makeup, I rely on the technician to know what's right for my face etc.
Denise was amazing.
She went over everything with me.
I gave her an idea of what I wanted and I ended up with excellent results and lots of compliments.
No pressure to buy their products.
I'm addicted.

I agree with Lindsay!
After experiencing a horrible lash job at gorgeous lash lounge I made an appointment here to get my lashes fixed.
I was shceduled to come in and looking forward to get the horrible ones off and get new ones put on.
I was disappointed after arrival to be treated with 0 respect and uncalled for service.
They said I don't have an appointment and there's no technician that can take me due to such short notice.
They said that since removals are free, the earliest they can take me is in 3 weeks.
Wtf?
I have to wait 3 weeks to get these uncomfortable lashes off?
I might as well yank them off!
Not only they refused to take me, they claimed I lied about the appointment because they know for a fact they haven't been scheduling for any removals due to that reason.
Are you serious???
Why do you advertise free removals and not take appointments for that?
I'm willing to pay for it.
I just wanted my lashes taken off and a new set put back on.
Even after showing them my appointment booking online and confirmation,  they refused to take me.
I'm never coming back!
I'm having such bad luck with lash extension places that I'm giving up.
Maybe lashes aren't for me.

