Great shop.
Had an online presence only initially, so glad they opened a B&M.
Good selection of e juices.
Good hardware selection.
Staff is knowledgable, friendly & helpful.
You feel comfortable while shopping here.

Kidney Puncher has a wide selection of Mods, clones, and parts but falls short in customer service.
I've bought a few clones from them and was pleased at the selection and the online inventory showing what they had in stock.
Most recently I bought a mech mod and headed home.
I tried to adjust the bottom button because it was crunchy and would not screw in far enough.
It turns out that one of the tubes was made too short and the manufacturer was going to issue replacements.
It is difficult if not impossible to track down the contact info for the Chinese company  I reached out to KP for support 14 days ago but they've since blown me off and wont respond to my inquiries.
I'm now stuck with a $70 paper weight.
If you need something quick Kidney Puncher will probably have what you need.
Just don't count on customer service.

The guys here are awesome.
This is a new store so it's still establishing itself but kidney puncher was solely online based.
Chad helped me pick some juices, he was cool and helpful so.
Also met some of the other guys who were nice.
They know what they are talking about and try to find you what you want.
They pick their juices for their shop based on if they are good or not, they don't just get literally every flavor known to man and put it up on a wall and have you pick whatever you end up having.
Trust me though, they will have something you like and want.

I have been to most of the shops within an hour of me (Mesa) and this is by far my favorite vape shop.
Awesome prices and a great selection.
The staff here is amazing to say the least.
Very knowledgeable and they always seem to go above and beyond my expectations.
Do yourself a favor and check out Kidney Puncher - you won't regret it!

By far my favorite Vape shop.. Full of knowledgeable sales reps and great quality juice.
I have 2 closer to my work but always drive past them to head to KP.. Keep it up guys!

Its hard to find a vape shop that has good juice and a selection of mods, tanks and rba's.
Even when you do, the staff doesn't know what any of it means.
They took the tome to help me pick out a new rebuildable and showed me several, without rushing me through.

Great selection of juices.
Definitely need to check this place out of you are in the area.

