I decided to try eyelash extensions after realizing how much time I have been wasting in the morning gluing false lashes on everyday for the past couple years.
I found this place through a friend who swears by Mia's work.
Scheduling an appointment was so simple, she was able to work around my hectic schedule.
I was cursed with the absolute shortest lashes ever- but Mia is seriously a miracle worker, my lashes look so full and long!
She wanted me to take before and after pictures so I could see the difference.
HUGE difference.
I am now saving so much time in the morning.
I dont need to worry about curling my lashes, gluing lashes or putting on mascara.
Definitely making this my new routine!
I love how they came out!

I first started going to Mia for eyebrow waxing and loved the job she did and have continued to go back ever since for the last year.
Then I decided to give lashes a try and all I have to say is I will never go back to false lashes or mascara.
She does such an amazing job.
I'm constantly getting compliments on how great they look and how real they look.
She is super professional and does great work!
My boyfriend even gets waxed by her!
I highly recommend her to anyone looking for a great esthetician !

Mia is nothing short of fabulous.
She is efficient, on time, thorough, and makes the waxing experience  comfortable.
Mia has done my waxing for years and even tints my non existent eyebrows to make them stand out and frame my face.
She is also a perfectionist and very clean.
I highly recommend Mia to all my friends and family.

If you are looking for a great set of eyelash extensions or someone who is good at waxing Mia is the best!
She is always on time and has awesome prices!
She is very talented at what she does!!
I wanted eyelash extensions but wanted to make sure they weren't too long and still looked natural looking, she did exactly what I wanted!
I also go to her for waxing and highly recommend her!

Mia is absolutely AMAZING at what she does!
I get compliments almost daily on how good my lashes look - even weeks after not having them filled!
She is thorough, fast, clean, and a perfectionist!
Getting lashes was one of the best decisions I ever made.
I no longer have to waste any time on curling or mascara because mine always look fabulous!
If you're looking for flawless lashes Mia is the best one out there!
I recommend her to everyone possible!

