First time in..I'm told they opened last Friday.. doing the research now.. more to come.
...
Follow up :)   So a friend and I had some drinks, we ate some food.. having not been open long, they were already out of 'signature' items like the pretzels.. so we opted for the potato chip nachos, cheese-steak, and French dip.
Nothing bad, nothing great about any one of them.
Nachos were good, a little light on the toppings, but tasty.
The French dip and the cheese steak were both good and came with fries or cole slaw.
The service was good, and friendly, and that alone would make me go back.
Otherwise, it's loaded with tv's beer, grub, and drinks.. should do well on the linq.
Happy Eating!

Food is OK. Chicken wings are not worth the price.
Bartenders need to be bit more friendly.
They should take notes from Twin Peaks.

So what started as an awful experience was remedied by a good waitress (Natalie) and the manager.
Still, the place has a lot of kinks to work out.
We were promptly seated by a wonderful hostess, where we waited for about 15 minutes before we asked our hostess if there was a waitress in our section.
We hadn't been greeted or waters or anything.
She quickly got us our server who explained they were having some issues, but quickly owned the situation and offered us a round of drinks on the house.
Nicely done.
The manager also came by to make sure we got some drinks.
We got the food which was just fine.
We had a Reuben and the Gaelic chicken.
They messed up and gave us pasta instead of the mashed potatoes we requested.
Didn't have the heart to tell our server since she had already tried so hard to make things right.
She was a blast to talk to, and really she made the experience fun.
Overall, I might stop by again...
But the staff was what stood out more than the food!

We only drank, so this is all about the staff, atmosphere, and the beer.
Staff:  loved the staff.
We sat at the bar and chatted up three different bartenders.
And were checked on by two others.
One of the bartenders even photo bombed my drink pic.
LOL.
But the thing that I really appreciated, when we first arrived my wife asked the hostess if they had any ciders.
The hostess asked if my wife was gluten free.
She is.
She was diagnosed with severe gluten allergies earlier this year.
The hostess told my wife they had gluten free beer.
Awesome.
Atmosphere:  was good.
Loved the decor.
I love Irish pubs.
This felt removed from the Vegas glitz, even though it obviously was still part of it.
But, it still had that homey feel I like in pubs.
And I loved the mix the DJ was playing.
Prices were par for Vegas, high for home.
But I can't mark them down for charging to pay the bills.
Now, if corporate reads this, please open one is Pasadena, CA.
It's rare to find a chain that feels like a local pub.

This place is decent for a bar but the food is terrible .
I would go for drinks only if anything.
I'll give them the benefit of the doubt because they recently opened, but waiting 15 minutes for drinks isn't acceptable.
Maybe they should focus on hiring servers who have severed before and not just attractive girls.
Their beer selection was pretty good and they had a lot of tvs.

Good place to watch sports on tv.
I think they have over 40 tv's.
The got a great beer and alcohol selection.
Didn't have food here so I can't comment on that at this time.
The ambiance is not like your typical Irish pub but still good.
Come check this place out.

I watched the UFC card here and the service was out of this world.
The girls were friendly and gorgeous, and the bouncer was the coolest ever.
I love it and I never wanna leave

Went here on a busy Saturday afternoon.
there were high top tables which you can sit at and have drinks.
we were seated immediately and served drinks.
the girls that work here are really friendly.
they wear a cute outfit.
Danielle was our server and she was on top of it.
the drinks for cold and refreshing.
we also had the garlic fries that was delicious.
this pub has a lot of TVs that you can watch many different types of sports going on.
come to the kilt if you want to have a fun time then go ride the big Ferris wheel which is outside.
the bathrooms are located upstairs which says lads and lassies so make sure you go in the right one.
overall the experience was great come here if you wanna have a great time.

We stopped into this pub for a bite to eat and watch the soccer tournament being played in Brazil.
England lost, which did not make a lot of Brits sitting in the bar very happy.
My first visit to Tilted Kilt left me thrilled and disappointed at the same time.
I was thrilled because it is a wonderful sports bar with a great business model.
The servers are probably the friendliest I've encountered in a long time.
Paula had no problem spending time with us and that made us feel right at home.
They also offered us a discount simply because we were locals (people who actually live in Vegas)..  We really did enjoy ourselves, that is, until the food came.
It would probably be no surprise to our friends to hear that we chose the fish and chips on the menu.
We've been looking for a good one since our favorite place for this item closed last year.
The fish was a beer-battered cod that the restaurant proudly claims is made with Sam Adams beer.
It is proudly displayed on the menu as a featured item.
We were very disappointed.
It looked great when it arrived in the basket with fries and onion rings on the side but, we quickly lost interest as we dug in.
The breading was quite doughy and flavorless.
it tasted like grease and when I took a fork and pressed into the fish, it oozed oil.
The same for the onion rings and fries.
Greasy as can be.
This tells me the oil was not hot enough when the food was dropped in.
Why can't these kitchens test the the temperature of oil before they dip anything into it?
Why doesn't a good  line cook or chef know that it takes time for a deep fryer to recover heat lost after frying a batch of battered fish?
Maybe it's me.
Maybe I expect too much but, I don't think so.
I grew up on the East Coast having fish and chips every Friday for most of my young life.
While in school, I worked at several restaurants that specialized in making fish and chips .. or a "fish fry" as we called them.
I guess I'll just have to keep looking for that elusive fish fry.
As for the Tilted Kilt; it's a fine place to sit and have a beer!

I feel very conflicted in writing this review, but I think it needs to be written.
Our party arrived at 4:30pm in order to get a good view of the TVs for Game 5 of the Stanley Cup Finals.
The good: Food.
Everything we ordered came out cooked well and tasted fantastic.
The beer cheese?
AMAZING.
Pulled Pork?
Fantastic.
After ordering fries from the happy hour menu (more on this later), it took about 20 minutes to get them.
Our server gave us a second order at no charge.
That's really where the "good" ends.
The bad: They didn't have ANY drinks available for happy hour!
What kind of bar, new or old, doesn't have drinks available for happy hour?!
It's on the menu, but they "haven't figured out the pricing for it yet.
" So you still pay Strip prices for alcohol.
This was a huge disappointment that they hopefully fix very soon.
The UGLY: After being there for a couple hours (3 periods, plus intermissions and OT), someone decided to change the channel in the middle of the OT period.
We waited for about 2 minutes before we bailed on our check and ran down the way to Yard House who had the game on.
We did come back to pay our check and watch the second OT period, but they had split up our table and didn't put the game back on the TV we had been watching.
Our server apologized, but the only comment we received from management was "you should've stayed.
They got the game back on," met with a chuckle.
As a Kings fan, during the eventual Cup winning game, I felt this was very rude and a little bit disrespectful.
I won't trust Tilted Kilt LV to air any professional sport in its entirety from here out.
I understand it could have been a freak incident, but to cause customers and fans to potentially miss the game winning goal and NOT APOLOGIZING is pathetic.
They are lucky we were honest people that came back to pay the check.
Get your issues hashed out and put booze on the happy hour menu and MAYBE I'll change my star rating.
Until then, I won't recommend this place to anyone.

Not sure what it is but in Vegas you tend to get that next level of experience with customer service.
This kilt was a very inviting place from the heat.
Sat at the bar and chatted it up with a lovely kilt girl named Jean.
She was very accommodating and made me feel welcome.
I drank for an hour and a half to kill time and watched sports on the many TVs on the walls.
For a Tuesday morning this place was pretty busy with tourists.
The upstairs portion seems to be seats going around a railing and had no tables whatsoever.
That was a bummer.
Overall, a good time and Jean was a cool chick to chat with.

Can I put zero stars.
At this point it took us 20 minutes after getting seated to get a waitress to stop at the table.
Then given a poor excuse about why.
Don't know if the food is any good at this time but the beer selection looks good.

My boyfriend, my in-laws and I came here to watch the soccer game,  rooting for USA.
So obviously, the place was PACKED!
So it's understandable that service was extremely slow.
My boyfriend and I ordered 2 fat tires, and it took a while to get them, but we were distracted by the game.
When we received it, I thought the glasses was HUGE!
At least compared to other places.
The waitresses are extremely nice, however, I noticed a few just standing around by the entrance just chatting, when instead they could be helping the customers.
We did not order anything to eat because as busy as it is, we did not feel like waiting.
Once the game was over, a lot of people just left the pub.
There was hardly anyone in there.
We ordered another 2 fat tires and just pretty relaxed and enjoyed watching the television.
When it was time to get our check, the waitress took almost 30 minutes to get it to us.
About 17 minutes in, she came back and said she forgot what we needed.
It would be understandable if the pub was still packed, but it wasn't.

This was my first time in a Tilted Kilt and I was excited about trying it out.
Our server was very friendly.
Our food took a while to come, and when it did finally come, only part of our table got their food.
The rest came about 10 minutes later.
The food was all right, nothing special, and a bit over-priced.
Several friends ordered spicy burgers or wraps and it was not spicy at all.
I don't know that I would go back, especially with so many other choices in Vegas.

Black & Blue, Guiness and Blue Moon- $11, over priced, food was good, french dip, service was great, we had Teresa, she did a great job and we would come back again, no problem

I had dinner here when I was in town last week, and while the food wasn't bad, there was certainly room for improvement.
I sat at the bar, which wasn't too crowded at 6 p.m. on a Sunday.
The bartenders were very nice, and service there came pretty quickly.
I had a Tennessee Arnold Palmer, which wasn't a bad cocktail (the drink was stiff, but so was the $12 pricetag!).
However, the kitchen was very slow in making food, and not to just me.
It took about 40 minutes for my burger, and while it wasn't bad, others at the bar also remarked about the slow rate at which entrees left the kitchen.
It's not a bad bar and grill, and it'll do well in its current location.
I'm not opposed to giving it another shot; hopefully the kitchen is a little quicker getting food out next time.

I'm a fan of this place.
It's in the newly opened LINQ area, which is quickly becoming a hangout for Las Vegas locals.
I didn't try the food, but nearby people at the bar were eating and it looked good.
Me and my buddies came in just for drinks and we were greeted warmly by the hostesses and the bartenders.
Everyone here is also in full get-up, even the dudes are wearing kilts here, so be prepared for that.
We came in late at night, so there were no games on, but it looked like a good place to watch a game.

Came to Vegas on 4th of July and we wanted to eat somewhere in Linq so we decided to give Tilted Kilt a try.
My boyfriend ate at one of the California locations and said it was good so we said, "why not"  Well, there was a blonde girl at the door with menus and my boyfriend greeted her by saying hello but he was completely ignored by her.
She didnt even look at us as we walked past her into the place.
Uh, hello?
If you're going to be a door hostess, part of your job is to acknowledge the customers that walk in.
Well, I thought that was pretty rude.
So minus a star for that.
Anyways, we got seated right away.
Our waitress was very nice and helpful in regards in what to order.
I got: Celtic Poutine Fries (to share among 3 people total) BBQ Chicken Wrap  Celtic Poutine Fries:  HH for $5, and I don't think it was worth it at all.
Although the waitress gushed about how they were her favorite, I beg to differ.
It was a small portion and the fries were so soggy at the bottom.
There was cheese on top but the cheese was just melted into huge chunks..so basically it was fries covered in some sort of sauce with huge chunks of cheese that werent even melted onto the fries.
Even the appearance of the dish was not very appealing itself.
Plus, it was super salty.
I'm not sure why but whenever we eat out at non-Asian restaurants, most of our food always comes out super salty :(   BBQ Chicken Wrap:  I actually really liked this wrap!
The wrap was very flavorful and the portion was very filling.
I wasnt able to finish the entire thing.
It came with a side of fries and so I asked for a side of ranch but the waitress did not mention that it would be an extra fifty cents...it's only fifty cents but it would have been polite if she mentioned it before bringing it out..........Didnt even know until she brought the check out.
Some other side notes... one thing I did not like about this place is how they placed the restrooms upstairs making it super inconvenient for customers dining downstairs.
I had to go up 2 flights of stairs just to wash my hands... they really should've placed a bathroom on each floor... Another thing is..
I'm not sure if it is just because this is the Vegas location but the food was a bit on the pricey side.
My friend ordered Stella and it was $11.
C'mon!
Was the food worth the price?
Eh, we could've found somewhere better.
Will we be coming back again?
Prob not in Vegas if the pricing is different from California.
Worth the try?
Sure, why not but they didnt have anything super eye catching on their menu..

I just ate here and it was horrible.
The bartender was to busy to take our order.
My husband had to call him over.
Finally I got a drink but he forgot my husbands drink.
We then ordered food.
My food was to burnt to eat.
The bartender asked if I wanted them to replace it but I wasn't willing to risk spit in my food.
If they have such horrible food and service they will spit in your food.
Don't eat or drink there!
U r warned!

Stopped by last weekend with my family while we were in town on vacation.
Can't say it's the best Kilt we've ever visited, being from San Diego they are much better there.
It was just ok, probably won't visit again.

