Now you have another excuse to go Changing Hands and Traders Joe's in South Tempe.
Classic Italian Pizza has opened in a new and improved location after being closed for about a year.
Same owner and same great thin crust wood fired pizza with really fresh authentic ingredients such as the Diavolo with fresh garlic.
For the moment, they are only open for dinner.
Pizzeria Bianco remains my favorite but Classic Italian is in my neighborhood.
Be warned, the owner has a strong following so they could be very busy as the word gets out.
If you are shut out or can't wait, Miele's Italian is across the street in next to Fry's and they have a tasty white pizza.

I have lived in this area of Tempe for a very long time.
Classic Italian Pizza has been around for many years with a new location at Guadalupe and McClintock.
When it first opened at Rural and Baseline, the pizza was crispy, well seasoned and delish.
Maybe a new owner took over or they changed the recipe, but it changed to a less yummy, blander version of pizza.
The restaurant does have its followers and the restaurant stayed open long past the rest of the businesses in the shopping center.
They have finally found a new home.
The interior of the new place is well done with a good selection of wines and craft beers.
We tried the pizza again and found that despite the move, the pizza is the same.
Somehow, the crust tastes kind of bland-- lacking a yeasty, bread-y flavor.
Maybe more like a lahvosh or flatbread.
Some salt or olive oil in the dough might help.
Sauces are painted on and the cheese is minimal.
Toppings are well done and tasty.
I have been to Italy and this is not really classic Italian pizza.
Crusts in Italy are thin but have a great flavor that this crust lacks.
A 12" pizza of little heft will set you back $11-$15.
If you like their pizza in the past, you will not be disappointed.
But I just can't get past the boring crust.
An OK experience, if a bit pricey.

I was excited to see Classic Italian's return to Tempe and even more excited to see that they were at my favorite intersection -- so many great businesses right here.
Went in yesterday with my mom for happy hour.
Sounded like they had some great specials ($5 off pizza, $4 off apps, $3 off wine, $2 off beer).
Like the old location, I think the prices on their pizzas are still high.
Although the happy hour price makes it more reasonable -- I'd probably be more likely to come back for happy hour vs dinner.
Pizza's good, but there are other places in the valley with better pizza at a better price.

This could quite possibly be one of the hardest reviews I have ever had to write, then again, I don't write very many reviews.
My main reason for doing so is in hopes that Began will take this information and apply it for the good.
I have loved C.I.P.
since the old location.
We went as often as we could to enjoy great pizza and an always changing and delightful wine list.
I think a lot has changed since the old place, even before it closed we noticed things beginning to sour.
Again, I had high hopes for the new location.
Finally, something good in Southern Tempe!
With those words I will say, it's probably one of the best places to eat in the neighborhood.
Considering the competition, that's no major feat.
For some bizarre reason this area is plagued with mediocre eateries and sub par cuisine.
C.I.P.
is just a part of that race now.
The wine list is delightful.
I will get that out of the way.
He has always taken pride in his wine choices, and that still shines.
The service is great!
Some familiar faces from the last place, and some new ones.
Everybody was attentive and charming.
The food is nothing to cheer about.
I have been for lunch and dinner.
Both times I have seriously been let down.
Maybe my expectations were too high, but considering the quality of food that came out of the other kitchen 2 years ago, I think my expectations are justified.
I say 2 years because that is about when we saw C.I.P.
starting to lose it's grip.
The crust is nothing like the crust used to be.
You once could taste the effort, the love and patience that went into making it every day.
That is just gone.
This directly affects the bread appetizer as well.
The Aglio Olio is completely different now.
It used to be bright and clear with minced jalepeno's.
I could drink that stuff!
Now it's dark with sliced jalepeno's.
Just not the same thing.
The pizza was flawed by the dough from the first bite.
The ingredients seem like the same stuff you can get from a major grocer.
It lacked freshness and punch.
We had the asparagus and prosciutto app for lunch today.
Again, store bought veggies and the prosciutto seemed lower level.
Considering the portion size, I expected more.
My sandwich had no flavor, yet was thankfully crisp unlike the pie.
Worst of all, the side of chips was a bowl of regular Lay's style potato chips.
I have worked for a chef who would only fry her own chips, in any situation.
It makes all the difference in the world.
That sort of little detail.
And for the price you pay at C.I.P, those little details should be everywhere.
Maybe I'm a dick, or a food snob.
Maybe.
But I know good food, and I know what Began is capable of.
I've loved it.
I've spent days anticipating a visit to his restaurant so I could sit down and enjoy myself beyond belief.
Those were the days when you walked in and he was covered in flour, sweating, hair messed with a smile on his face welcoming you to sit down and enjoy his creations.
He has since cleaned up a bit, and good for him.
I wish C.I.P.
nothing but the best.
Again, one of the hardest reviews I have ever had to write...  ...but I gotta call it like I see it.
If it ain't broke.
Don't fix it.

The pizza is not like it was in the past from the old place-- really different, and sadly, just not good.
Crust is too soft and bland.
Same for the bread app.
And the jalepeno bread app that used to be my favorite is completely different now...bread too soft and the dipping oil with jalapeno and garlic in pumpkin oil was made differently and really did not taste good at all.
Not the same as it used to be.
Not sure why they are changing the recipes but it's not a good direction!
I'm not sure if they are still getting to know the oven or what, but it is not the pizza I remembered at all.
I was really disappointed, especially since I was looking forward to the re-opening and had liked their pizza in the past.
The caprese salad was very disappointing with pale red store bought beefstake type of tomatoes that were not fresh or red or ripe.
This simple salad could be SO great with just using ripe, fresh, red tomatoes and good quality fresh mozzarella.
Again, it used to be better in old place.
The attention to detail in sourcing natural, organic wines is great and should also extend to the food.... if they would source fresh, locally grown, better tasting vegetables it would make such a difference!
Go back to the old recipes from the last place when it comes to the pizza and the crust and use fresher, local, organic veggies and I'd come back and try again.

I had heard this establishment was coming to the Trader Joe's and Changing Hand's shopping center so I was excited to see it had opened when I went to do my monthly TJ shopping this weekend and decided to give it a try.
First, great decor and friendly staff.
I sat right at the bar and was glad to see a number of local beers on tap.
I ordered a Hopshock IPA and it was served on a wonderfully frosty beer glass, perfect for the summer!
In addition, I went for the classic, the Margherita piiza ($9) and added the Proscuitto for $3 more.
I like that you can see them backing the pizza from the dining area and it is a wood fired oven.
Interesting that they add the basil fresh chopped on top versus baking it with the cheese and sauce and it did add a nice fresh, herb taste to the overall pizza.
I've never been to the old location and have nothing to compare it to and for me, this establishment is a nice addition  to the overall area.
I can certainly see myself going back again for lunch on a weekend and for me, extremely convenient location as it is near so many other great places in this shopping center.

I went with a friend of mine who is a big fan of Classic Italian Pizza and he didn't disappoint me.
The place is clean and beautiful, the service is great and the food is also pretty good.
The asparagus with prociuto were delicious and the pizza was pretty good.
I don't know about the prices since I was invited.
The place was pretty busy and the random fact is that I crossed paths with some friends that are food aficionados, which make sense since this places is great!
i will go back soon for sure.
Cheers

Ok, so I know good pizza.
I am from the East Coast and NJ/NY restaurants know how to make an awesome pizza.
This pizza was edible.
As some people have mentioned before me, the crust is not flavorful at all.
I was hoping to be have an awesome experience at this place due to the previous reviews, but I was disappointed.
The only exciting thing about this place was the waitress, I cannot remember her name, but she was awesome and sweet and knew her stuff.
Also, the Peroni beer on tap.
Who has that beer on tap here in Arizona?
Classic Italian does.
I do not think that I will be back!

I hate to be like this, but this new place just isn't as good as the old.
Their pizza used to be much better; especially the crust.
I can't put my finger on it but something is just different and not in a good way.
The prices have always been on the high side for pizza but it was always worth it.
Not anymore.
I am almost never in Tempe so when I knew I would be for the day, I wanted to have this pizza.
I didn't even know they moved until I saw it here on Yelp.
I knew the shopping center where the place is now located so I knew just where to go.
However, it ticked me off that it was a pain in the ass to find because there was nothing that said "Classic Italian Pizza" anywhere on their exterior sign OR anywhere in the actual restaurant.
Upon finding then entering the place I almost had to ask if I was in right place.
Anyway, the service was excellent but I don't think I'll be back because the pizza wasn't go-out-of-your-way good enough.

We decided to stop in for dinner hearing great things about the old location.
We were surprised at the overpriced menu and should have gotten up and left but decided to try it.
The place was slow and server still did not get order correct which was just a pizza with pepperoni and ricotta cheese.
My husband had the sausage and mushroom and neither of us was impressed considering for two pizzas and an iced tea it was $38 plus tip.
We will definitely not be going back!

