It's no Art of Flavors or fancy coffee/tea place, but if you live on this side of town, this is pretty much a godsend.
Newly opened as of Wednesday, Yogurtland finally fills a void near Sunset Station that I still don't believe Rita's managed to do.
This is a place that's open (relatively) late where you can grab something cold and sweet and, more importantly, sit down to enjoy your treat with your friends.
The indoor and outdoor seating typical of Yogurtland is definitely present here, and what better time of year to enjoy the weather than now?
[/sarcasm]  As with any Yogurtland location, there is a myriad of flavors.
Today, I had a pistachio that tasted like there just might be actual pistachio in there somewhere.
Last night, I had a strawberry lemon sorbet and some taro.
The sorbet definitely smacks you in the face (or the tongue anyway) and the taro is a bit of a lighter and more nuanced flavor that you shouldn't be afraid to sample.
Speaking of sampling, by the way, they have a neat little tray that holds sample cups, which they stack in twos (although they'd better not refuse me if I decide to ask for four cups once of these days).
The fruits at the topping bar seem fresh and tasty so far.
Strawberry, raspberry, blueberry, pineapple, and even cantaloupe and mango taste as good as you'd expect from the ripe, fresh versions of those respective fruit, which is not all that surprising when they have a grocery store located in the same plaza.
I have no idea how I'm supposed to reach some of the back row spoons without smacking my face on the sneeze guard, but I'll work on that  They were pretty dang busy at 10-ish last night.
While they weren't so busy this morning, they definitely had a steady trickle, even though it's only their first week open.
Probably helps that their sign has been up and that their neighbor on the other end of the building is Cafe Rio.
I think they're gonna be open for years to come, but check them out now if you live nearby!

Hot summer days call for cold delicious yogurt!
Thank you to Yogurtland for opening in a great location.
It's easy to spot off of Stephanie in front of Sprouts and Total Wine.
We walked in to a clean and open area in which we were greeted immediately.
She had little sample cups ready to hand out for anyone who wanted to try the different flavors they have to offer.
Red Velvet Cupcake Batter is awesome!
So I had to fill my regular cup with that.
They offer a great variety of toppings that are fresh and ready to devour.
The girl, who gave us the sample cups, checked us out and told us about their membership card (which is free).
When you fill it out online, you get a free 3 oz.
on your next visit.
I can't say no to that!
She was so friendly and polite.
This is a great new location and I can't wait to come back for more!

I was pretty excited about this place opening only because they also carried my favorite flavor Taro!
Taro and Black Sesame were the only reason I made a trip  to the other Vegas/Henderson location .
That and the one on Eastern had lychee fruit as one of their toppings.
Unfortunately they don't stock Lychee fruit at this location and the second visit they already replaced the Taro flavor.
Booo ..sniff sniff boo!
Even though they have 16 different flavors to choose from, some of them are too similar in taste, like the Strawberry Lemonade,  Strawberry, and Mango flavors.
Some yogurt  had a grainy texture.
The yogurt also didn't seem cold or firm enough.
From the time it was dispensed to the time we sat down it was already starting to melt.
Staff was friendly ,very eager to help and offered samples and their personal favorites.
It was pretty busy and they handled our transactions pretty quick.
I used my YL app with no problem.
It's just your standard  self serve-pay-by-the-weight place.
Seating area has a few tables and chairs along the window and a little table out in front.
Will I return?
Naah.....well maybe if they carry Taro again.
Most definitely if they bring back Black Sesame!

Just another Yogurtland in a new location.
With it just opening it was a bit crowded as expected.
The flavors were the same as you would find elsewhere as were the toppings.
I'm not sure why but this place is just middle of the road for me.
With some many tastier options for a cold treat on a Vegas summer day I will most likely not be back

It's about time this area got a frozen Yogurt place!
It is busy because it is new.
Very clean, easy to make your own and the variety and flavors are great!
Get their app and grow your points!
It is easy, user friendly, the staff is nice and plenty of seating unlike some other yogurt places.

I LOVE this place.
I started my obsession with yogurtland in California and when I moved here I found the only one which was way too far to justify a quick trip for a little snack but then this one opened!
It's brand new so it's super clean, sometimes crowded but it's 110 degrees and a cold snack, of course it is and it's the best yogurt ever!
I'm so happy they opened one over here.

Walking into the store you could already feel the friendly atmosphere the place offers.
The frozen yogurt tasted great especially since they have my favorites taro and pistachio!
This place is much better then the Eastern location.
I definitely will be recommending this place to my work, friends, and family!

Stopped by here after I did some shopping with my family since I heard it was new.
we got here when there was a small rush.
The line moving fast considering that there was only one cashier and two registers available.
The only unpleasant thing was hearing the manager (so I believe) yelling to his employees to put more toppings that were going low out instead of doing it himself and helping them out.
I'll just keep going to the townsquare one instead.

This place is awesome.
Great service and super convenient.
Also it tastes soooo good.

I'm really happy they opened a yogurtland at this location.
And they have the new peanut butter cookies and cream flavor, which is super yummy.
The place is kind of overrun by teenagers because this is the 'burbs and it's 100 degrees outside and there is nowhere else to hang out, really.
It's so crowded, which is good, because it means they will stay open!
That being said, however, it kind of sucks because there's a plexiglass wall that is designed to make sure people stay in line (instead of say, jumping in right at the flavor they want).
So, if you missed something you changed your mind about, it's really hard to go back to it.
And since there are always a lot of people blocking the flavors, you can't really see them until you're right up on them, which makes it hard to decide at the beginning if you should leave room in your container for something that might be good later or fill it up now (decisions, decisions!).
And THEN, this might just be me, but I feel a lot of pressure to decide quickly and not just stand in front of one flavor thinking, which stresses me out.
Maybe they could have a posterboard with a list of their flavors at the front of the restaurant so you can pre-decide what you want.
If you get the yogurtland rewards program / iphone app, you get 3oz free within your first month as your signup bonus.
I love rewards programs, in general.

They had some spoilt fruit and I brought this to their attention and they were nice enough to switch it out with a new batch.
Otherwise they had some nice staff and a nice and clean place.

