This new location is big, Service was great!
Cheeseburger Flatbread was good, lots of draft beer to choose from.
Lunch and dinner specials change daily.
Guacamole is not made in restaurant and tastes straight out of the box but good service, beer and food made up for it.

This is a very large location with plenty of tv screens to show the latest sporting event which was nice.
The family and I have been here twice so far and had fair experiences both times.
Service has been good; however, the food is not as good as I would expect a typical bar and grill would be.
I ordered the French Dip my first time and a Bistro Burger the second time.
The fries that come with the meal was nothing special and both sandwiches were on the bland side, again, nothing special.
I had a craft brew on my first occasion and that was enjoyable.
I think this would be a good place for friends to meet up to watch a sporting event and maybe order a couple of appetizers.
The food doesn't make me want to return with the family.

We were thrilled that a new location was opening as we had stopped going to the Miller's in Town Square because it was continually over-crowded during the UFC Fights and people were just rude making it impossible to enjoy the fights.
It's pretty much the same set-up as the other location but service was spot-on!
Our server was very mindful of stopping by, refilling our drinks and making sure we were happy with our food.
Tables were spaced out and we didn't feel like sardines during the UFC Fight.
We did determine that, as non smokers, it's not a good idea to sit by the windows overlooking the patio area as the smokers seem to mingle right by the window even though the outside seating area is further away.
My only complaint is that they have done away with the raw bar which, besides the UFC Fight, was the only  reason for visiting.
I loved their raw oysters as they always tasted fresh--better than some of the high end restaurants we've visited.
Please bring the raw bar back!!

I want to give this place 2.5 stars - 3 is just too many.
The service was ok, the server was new, which was fine, I just wish she knew the menu better.
I really wanted to get the zingers (which they are known for...) but for some stupid reason I ordered the regular burger - it was tasteless, the onion rings were pretty good though.
The calamari appetizer was the best part of the meal.
I may try it again...
I like 2nd chances.
The others in my group had zingers and one friend had the meat loaf, which he said was ok - I guess it was also tasteless and dry.

Went to apply today at your restaurant.
You've had an ad on Craigslist for 2 days.
Went in to have the hostess tell me it was a mistake and to apply online.
So you just like to waste everyone's time?
If you can't manage a Craigslist post how do you manage a restaurant?
What's horrible first impression.
I don't need your job and you don't need my business.

