I decided to give the Oriental House a try because it's close to my house and am i glad i did.
WHAT NICE FRIENDLY PEOPLE!!
upon entering we were immediately greeted by one of the owners Barbara.
She runs it with her husband Max and "Momma Jean" is the main chef.
Oriental House just opened a few weeks ago however, these owners are NOT new to the restaurant world.
They owned many famous eateries over 30 years including "Pata" on Wilshire in Beverly Hills and "Chitra".
When you walk in, the ambiance is very spacious and modern.
i like the decor all around the room.
the restaurant is very clean and the customer service is A-1.
Now lets talk about the menu.
Easily over ONE HUNDRED items to choose from!!
Everything from Lemon Grass Chicken to Chaba noodle soup, Shanghai clay pot, Indian curry soup, Hawaiian fried rice, Japanese creamy curry, LOTS of Vegetarian choices and deserts included Fried bananas or Mango with sticky rice.
I can't wait to try them all!
Side note: They do not sell alcohol (yet).
But will introduce beer and wine on the menu soon!
Do yourself a favor and visit The Oriental House.

My friends and I decided to try this place out for my birthday dinner a few days ago.
Being teenagers, the main thing we looked for besides the food, was the service, since at other restaurants, we were treated differently being at a somewhat young age.
However, the owner's wife, our server as well, was very kind to us, and was even so generous enough to give us free Thai iced teas.
Now food wise, I give it an 11/10, it was that good.
We all got something from the noodles section and it was delicious, along with a few appetizers.
Their service is great and their prices are a bit on the $$, but it's okay for the amount of food they give, which is something to come back for.
Overall, our experience here so far was great and I'll be glad to recommend this place to my other friends and family.

The food was really good but the service was exceptional.
I love family owned restaurants for that reason!
They are very attentive to your needs.
My daughter has many allergies and they were able to navigate with me what she could have and couldn't have.
I have been to many restaurants and as soon as I tell them she has an allergy, I get the look , "why are you eating out, eat at home?
" But at this restaurant I got the empathetic look and she made sure we were taken care of!
They were all so friendly and checked up on us frequently.
My husband hates when our drinks are not filled and it was always filled.
This restaurant is also kid friendly.
They were very attentive to my kids and Uncle Peter even got my daughter to take more bites of her food :) You rarely get this kind of service any where and if they continue to do what they do, exceptional service and great food, they will definitely be successful in this business world!
Thank you to Barbara, Uncle Peter and Momma Jean for everything tonight!
We will be back!

Extremely friendly staff!
I've been there about 3 times already.
The food isn't too salty or oily.
The place is clean and neat.
From observing, I can tell that they really try and make sure their guests feel comfortable.
Definitely going back again!

It's all a matter of opinion.
Great service and good food.
The owner knows how to make you feel welcome.

This will be a two part and two rating review.
First, aside from the food, I have to say that the service was very friendly.
The server  attended us well, and made several suggestions, and as Audrey S. said, the owner makes you feel welcome.
That was very positive.
Now a review of what we go out for, the food.
We decided to start out with a Spring Roll appetizer.
The server recommended the Fresh Asian Roll instead.
It was a good idea.
It is nothing like the quality Spring Rolls you get at Pho So 1, or Pho Saigon 8, but it was light and refreshing.
I am on a diet, so I ordered a Chicken Salad.
The menu said it was fried chicken.
I asked the server if I could have it grilled.
She accomodated me.
It was very fresh, and light for a summer meal, but it really wasn't very Asian.
It was simply a Thin cut chicken breast, on top of a bed of Ice Berg Lettuce, with cucumbers and tomatoes on the side.
Not much presentation.
Fresh and good for a diet, but not what I expected from a Thai Chinese place.
I did give it 3 stars.
My wife ordered the Wanton and Noodle Soup.
The bowl was small, and only a few Wanton.
There was a ton of noodles, but she said they were over cooked, and she didn't even finish half of the portion.
Rating 1 star.
Two stars means "I've experienced better", and this holds true for this place.
If you are on a diet, go here for a clean salad.
It's pricey for a small portion, but you'll feel better doing this, than pigging out at Sweet Tomatoes.
However, if you're looking for good Thai or Chinese food, do your sense of eating adventure a favor, and go somewhere else.

My husband been wanting to try this place & I'm super glad we did!!
They deliver great customer service.
Our server was Peter, turns out to be owner.
We had great conversations from where his restaurant first started and owns at other places.
Food - omg.. food presentation is gourmet and the food is very delish!
You can taste the authentic spices and ingredients.
Also, very fresh!!!!
Peter also gave me the courtesy to try the curry bowl w rice and complimentary house Salad for my husband and I.
Also, made our little one try ice cream.
I recommend this place with a 5 star!!
Definitely will be coming back.
They deliver thee best food and creates clientele relationships & I love it!!

Just tried Oriental House for the first time and was very impressed.
It serves a market for fresh, authentic Asian cuisine that is otherwise under served in the neighborhood.
You won't find anything really unfamiliar on the menu, but you will find light and flavorful preparations of favorites from Chinese, Thai, and Vietnamese menus.
The room is spacious and modern, the prices are right and the service is some of the best I have experienced.
The restaurant is family owned and operated, and they make an extraordinary effort to meet their guests and even solicit feedback.
I would recommend Oriental House to anyone interested in a casual Asian dining experience without the hustle and bustle of Chinatown.
I'm looking forward to returning soon and trying different dishes from various regions...and I won't be afraid to ask (co-owner/manager/server) Barbara for input as she is more than happy to help :)

My girlfriend came here with her mom, and thought it was so good that she had to bring me.
I'm here to say that I'm glad she did!
Though we were the only two in the restaurant, the service did not suffer.
They were very attentive, and friendly as well!
I had the Cashew Nut Chicken and my girlfriend had the Asian Noodles.
Both came out in great time and were very tasty!
The way their spice orders work, mild medium and spicy, are quite accurate.
I had mine medium and it was just as I expected!
I highly recommend coming here either for a great lunch it dinner.

I have been craving pad Thai lately and trying different spots in my area.
This one so far has been my favorite.
The Asian noodle as the call it, is pad Thai and so delicious.
The spice level and amount of sauce is right where it should be.
I have been twice in a week which is a testimony to the delicious noodles they have.
They have a very large menu and the restaurant is always quiet.
I am sad that this restaurant is empty when I come because it deserves recognition!
The owners are here and the wait staff is very friendly!
She gave me two 10% off cards to use on my next visits.
Come here if you want a large selection of all delicious Asian food.

We tried for first time tonight.
Great food and service we tried several different menu items and all were fresh and tasted delicious.
We will for sure go back and everyone must try highly recommended

Food is very tasty, very focused on flavor, not one sauce for all.
I can taste on each flavors.
Support local new business.
Clean, friendly, and welcome environment.
The correction of number is 702-550-4262.

They make their own sauce so you can get sugar free.
If you like spice order Thai hot ;).
Ginger perfect is always a favorite.
Trying Spicy Ground Chicken toady.
Smells wonderful!

It will take no time at all to notice how nice the people are here.
They told us they used to run a business in Virginia for decades doing the same thing!
How cool!
If their menu is the same as in Virginia, it would explain the white-washing I'll be describing.
The menu is massive.
It's mostly Thai food, with a smattering of other cultures here and there.
There are too many choices.
Overwhelming!
Eventually, it was settled to get some classics:  - Spicy eggplant and basil with chicken.
This was ordered at a medium level of spiciness, but came out as mild.
Sauce-heavy and flavor-light.
It has the right basil flavor in the sauce, but it's just too much liquid and not enough ingredients.
Quality of everything included was stellar, though!
Nothing was overcooked.
White meat chicken, fresh eggplant, good basil.
- Lemongrass chicken.
This was also at a medium level of spiciness according to them, but really just mild.
Very saucy, with light lemongrass flavor.
This is unusually light because of all the lemongrass present.
Again, the same chicken, fresh bell peppers and carrots.
Thankfully, cooked just enough to keep crispiness.
Quality, but small in portion.
- Complimentary salad with house dressing.
This was a simple salad topped with a honey-sesame oil-tomato dressing made in-house.
Yum!
Get the gist?
Saucy, mild, fresh, small portioned, and yet expensive.
About $11-12 a plate.
This is just too much, unfortunately.
I would have expected a much larger dish without compromising the quality and integrity of the ingredients.
Coming back here would be easy at the right price, even without the "authenticity" I'm used to in some other Thai-oriented spots in town.
But until then, I'm hesitant.
Quality and service is spot-on, but the price point just kills it.

We VegaS-ites are lucky and if you are anywhere near S. Durango Drive or  W Desert Inn Road you are even luckier because Oriental House 8560 W Desert Inn Road, Tel (702) 550-4262) opened in your neighborhood.
This select restaurant is mostlyThai but more than just Thai the owners Peter and Jean have selected dishes from all regions of Thailand to represent many of the dishes you will not now find in Vegas.
I kid you not.
If you cannot find great Thai dishes from among their hundreds of offerings it is best for you to give up on Thai.
Peter and Jean the owners are very experienced restauranteurs having had successful restaurant in Roanoke Va., Miami, FL, Los Angles, CA and are knowledgeable about American perspectives on Asian Cuisine.
Yelp (http://www.yelp.com/biz/oriental-house-las-vegas) gave them a big spread with some 361 photos of some of the usual and scrumptious dishes never before eaten here.
(Alas a wrong phone number 62 not 60) High and low spice dishes can be found in any Thai restaurant but here the flavors are deep and rich and when you order you might want to lower the spice level to not mask the natural fresh taste of the really fresh savory ingredients.
In looking for a new taste thrill we read all of the reviews on the Yelp website and  selected one comment from all most all  of the reviews that we validated - food presentation is gourmet - The menu is massive -  I have to say that the service was very friendly - They make their own sauce so you can get sugar free - they owned many famous eateries over 30 years including "Pata" on Wilshire in Beverly Hills and "Chitra" - we tried several different menu items and all were fresh and tasted delicious - very focused on flavor, not one sauce for all - the place is clean and neat - the way their spice orders work, mild medium and spicy, are quite accurate - the owner(s) know how to make you feel welcome -their prices are a bit on the $$, but it's okay for the amount of food they give - I have been twice in a week which is a testimony to the delicious noodles they have -  My daughter has many allergies and they were able to navigate with me what she could have and couldn't have - you will find light and flavorful preparations of favorites from Chinese, Thai, and Vietnamese menus.
We would add that we had dishes that were at or better than you get at Lotus and for less money.
And if you were going to do the Lotus buffet, the pad Thai here is not dried out, rubbery and cold.
For the same price you would eat here much much better but not at the gorge yourself level.
We found two types of complaints - small portioned too $$ at $11-12 a plate and the spice level wasn't right.
The latter is a no brainer as they would readily jack it up if you want and $12 we think is not too steep for a special dish and there are hundreds of exciting choices in the $5.95 to 11.95 range.
The correct phone number is 702 550 4262 (not 60 on the Yelp page)  This place is easily recommendable.

Stopped by on 7-12-2014 by chance after simply seeing the sign driving by.
Anything with the term fusion is typically a turn off to us as we are traditional.
So glad we stopped.
We ordered papaya salad that was to dye for...summer rolls were crisp and fresh...fish with curry sauce and the chefs special chicken.
Three side salads with house dressing came along.
With only two entrees, feed three of us and we were all licking our lips.
The ladies finished with fresh mango with sticky rice for desert.
Two major points.
1) This is truly a Mom and Pop's place which we really prefer...mainly for the cooking but also for rewarding hard working people.
2)  Thai food made without MSG and made perfectly to taste is HUGE.
Too often it is either full of additives or Americanized to the point of lost flavor.
Great service, very clean atmosphere, YUMMY food.
Great formula for return customers.
Highly recommend....see ya there!

YUM!!
The service was super friendly that you forget your in Vegas!!
The owner is always our server and he is GREAT!!
He will change up your meal to add anything you want.
Ask for the BBQ pork fried rice - it is not on the menu (fried rice is - just not the bbq pork)  but they will make it and its fantastic!
I always get the asain noodles - its pad thai but better.
Also you must try the ground chicken, to die for!!

