Ordered an array of chaat and a pizza to share.
Had a chocolate croissant and samples of cake.
Don't be afraid to just order.
Only complaint is I need a translation to know what I am ordering but with everything tastes so good it really doesn't matter.

Not worth it, though the idea is appreciable.
Taste is not that good, its average or below average.
People dont have options, and the shop is trying to fool it seems.
Samosa chat that we ordered was not upto the mark.. Mango mastani also tried but it was also not living upto its name.
Definitely not going to visit anymore the options that have on the list excites you but needless to say it disappears when you taste it.

Very nice place.. if you are a pastries fan then i would definitely recommend this place.
Lots of variety of pastries and chaat snacks.
I have tried pav bhaji , samosa chaat and chicken tikka pizza, samosas(both big and Irani) and puffs.
Everything was good only concern was samosa could have been better.The service is kind off slow and we have to request for water all the time.

THe first time we visited this place.
The food was really good.
We ordered the chicken puff, egg puff and few pastries.
THe pastriess were really amazing and by far the best I have tasted in the US.
Now the not so good things: 1.
) service is horrible.
) They dont even serve you water and you have to ask for it.
In spite of asking the server forgot my water(not once but twice) 3.
)Service is extremely slow.
) The second time I went, the chicken puff was stale.
When I informed the manager about it he was really not bothered.
I will go again here only for the pastries.

WEnt to get takeout.
They forgot to put my meal in the bag.
When I discovered this later, they offered to replace and refund, so kudos for that, but the cake was flavorless.
PROS: samosas had a good flavor, seemed to be possible homemade.
Meal had good flavor too,   will give them another chance

Went this afternoon with family.
Place is still new and they still seem to be figuring out the operational stuff in the meanwhile expect quite a bit of chaos,  possibly spoilt food and confusing service  We ordered Paav bhaaji, sev puri and paani puri.
Paav bhaaji was ok and paani puri potatoes were spoilt.
Ok, have to leave now.
The fire alarm just went off accidentally and chaos rules.
In the meanwhile i get 10% off as an apology for the rotten potatoes in the paani puri.
Doubt this place will be around in 6 months and will not miss it either.

This place is new and good.
Pizza and Puffs are delicious.
They don't serve Pani Puri which is one drawback compared to Little India.
Overall its a nice Chaat Place and the cakes are very good too..

I made 2nd visit to it and must say it was satisfying this time.
Ordered Paneer tikka pizza and mango pastry, must admit both orders were delicious.
All in all this is a new setup and the owner is open to recommendations and suggestions.
They need support to serve the valley.
Pizzas and pastries are a must if you visit this place.

This is an amazing place for an evening tea and snacks... My and my better half come here quite often, almost every week... Its a fun little place and the guys there are very customer friendly.. Not to mention, the place is very clean n tidy...  OK now coming to the food, the chaats are delicious, helps us from missing home too much... Good tea and vada paav... Pastries are indian style which you cannot find anywhere else in phoenix...  Summary for the lazy to read - good place, nice food.

