Become a member for only $9.95/month and save tremendously on your lash extension fills!
What is normally $80+ every couple of weeks, you can get between $29-$39 as a member.
Just choose your look, mascara or glam!!
Jen is great and very attentive to your needs!
Super nice lady and easy to talk to.
Show up early to avoid losing your appointment, relax on a massage table for 30 minutes to an hour with your eyes closed, open your eyes and you're a whole new woman!
;)   It's crazy how amazing your eyes look with lash extensions.
Some people are born with stunning long & full lashes but the rest of us are stuck with short & thin lashes.
So it is nice to not have to apply mascara every single day to get the look you want.
Instead, wake up and TA-DAAAA!!!
You're already looking gorgeous!
I've seen prices above $100 elsewhere so this is quite a steal we are getting at Lash Bar!
Did I mention they are Mink Lashes too?!?!
Great quality!
Great Customer Service!
Great location!
Totally adorable little spot too!!!!
Go check them out and tell the ladies that I sent you!!!!
Aubrea Gonzalez  you'll thank me later :) now go get your glam on ladies!
XOXO

I really wanted this to be my go-to place, given it's location near my house and their great prices, but unfortunately it wasn't the right fit for me.
I was able to get an appointment quickly (within a few days.
)  Everyone in the studio was extremely friendly and the process was painless.
The lashes lasted forever but they just weren't for me.
I asked for a more natural "mascara" look but the lashes were still too over the top.
They were more than twice the length of my natural lashes and did not look natural at all.
They were made of a stiff plastic material that was uncomfortable and looked more like false eyelashes than eyelash extensions.

Let me start off by saying this company gave me a very bad first impression and I will not go back!
I was referred to this place by a close friend of mine!
I have always been eager to try eyelash extensions so I finally made an appointment.
Due to a small emergency and no parking in the lot where the store was located I walked into my appointment maybe 3 minutes late!
While on the way I tried to call twice to let them know I was running 3 minutes behind but was sent straight to a voicemail both times.
I arrived and Was greeted by the receptionist.
She told me "the stylist was still with her previous appointment and it will just be a few moments, have a seat!
" I was ok with that, then the receptionist asked what kind of lashes had I wanted to get today and she showed me a variety of pictures to choose from and I got really excited.
After about 10 minutes of waiting the receptionist says "well we'll need to reschedule when are you able to come in next?
" I was like what do you mean, I don't live close by, I don't want to reschedule, why would I do that?
She says "you showed up late and that's our policy.
" I'm thinking if that's the policy then why didn't you tell me that as soon as I walked in the door?
Why did you tell me to have a seat and make me wait all this time?
After about an additional 10 minutes of arguing because I really wanted to be seen that day and get my new lashes, I'm thinking we could have been half way done with my eye lashes already.
They refused to take me and said if they were to help me that their next appointment would have to wait.
Then I thought, you made me wait when I first walked in but they can't wait for me?!
I asked to speak with the manager and she wasn't available, I left my name and number and still have not received a call!
Very bad impression, there is not good communication skills or customer service skills at this location!
I wouldn't recommend this place due to their rudeness and failure to want to keep my business and accommodate me as a NEW customer.

