LA based lifestyle company in the linq.
Soft opening but so far seems a bit overpriced - like urban outfitters for trust fund kids.

I love this place!
I was checking out the new Linq area and got super excited when I saw that Kitson had opened up a store :)

This is an interesting store.
Not knowing much about Kitson prior to my visit here, my first thought was that it reminded me of Urban Outfitters.
Along the trendy clothing are humorous and crude gifts.
The collection is rather random with books discussing male genitalia via children illustration to a bird-flipping gnome in a selection of colors.
The thing that sets Kitson apart from UO is their celeb-popular apparel lines like Homies (a play on luxury brand Hermes) and their designer collection (they currently offer a couple Kate Spade NY shoes and Rebecca Minkoff purses).
There are two brands that are noteworthy: Ciaté (London-based company of premier nail lacquers) and Voluspa (luxury candles and home fragrances).
Great products.
They're difficult to find since they have just a handful of retailers (I've purchased Voluspa at Anthropologie in the past), so this would definitely draw me back.
That being said, it's not a store that warrants shopping for necessity (unless you're purchasing apparel).
The accessories, although entertaining, are more fun than useful.
There are several items that act as Las Vegas souvenirs which makes it a wonderful tourist spot.
It's definitely a place to visit; you never know what you may find!
P.S.
Photography is prohibited.
I promise I took these photos during the soft opening and prior to the "NO PHOTOS" sign.

I walked in to this store twice; to browse.....
They have a vast selection of cool and awesome; quirky and hilarious books...  And if you're into screaming shirts.. they have a ton of those here too; at a price level not worth it of my wallet though....
The service is great..
I love the shoe selection...
They carry some pieces of Tom Ford Sunglasses...
Some selection of Toms which i totally regret not buying.
(They had a limited edition pair of Toms with a red Toms sign at the back of the shoe..
It was like $125.00).
Lots of cute little toys and accessories....
They have cute stuff for kids and babies!!!!

I LOVE Kitson and can't resist dropping in when I am near a location.
The one at the Linq is HUGE, biggest Kitson I have ever seen!
Two floor (men and kids upstairs) My favorite place to get gifts for friends and family, my son, husband and I all always find something funny and spend forever browsing, such a great addition to the strip!
The staff is super nice, the selection endless, now if only the prices were a cheaper it would be 5 stars all the way!

So, I've always wanted to go to the Kitson in LA but never got a chance :(  But I'm so happy there's a Kitson at the Linq on the Strip (SUCH a new trendy area that's like a Little LA in Vegas).
This place has so many fun gifts, many that are specific to Las Vegas, such as mugs, pillows, shirts, etc.
So, you've got both touristy and trendy.
They of course carried James Franco leggings, Channing Tatum swimsuits, Brian Lichtenberg (LOVE HOMIES BUT CAN'T AFFORD), and other fun things.
I did regret not buying one of their speciality Kitson logo sparkly bags.
Oh well.

