My experience with Jeremy and his team was outstanding, especially given that they are in Arizona and I'm in Georgia.
Here is the email I sent them just hours after closing on our home to express my gratitude:   "Jeremy, Tonia and Alexa, I just want to say thank you SO much for all the hard work you each did to get us where we are today: CLOSED!!
The closing went off super smoothly.
In fact, the attorney and both real estate agents commented on how rare it is for that to happen today, ESPECIALLY where all the funds are in hand, including the lender funds.
I know this is a direct result of the mounds of work and attention to detail that each of you gave to the transaction in advance.
And from a communication standpoint, no one can hold a candle to you folks.
As a project manager whose job it is to do that and do it well every day, I take my hats off to you.
As a buyer it took away so much of the anxiety I could have experienced.
Thanks again.
YOU.
GUYS.
ROCK.
I'm off to nest now in my new home..."  I was so impressed with them that I can't wait to find the next person who needs a good mortgage lender so I can say "Oooh, ooh!!
Do I have a loan officer for you!".
Don't walk, run to your phone to get in touch with Jeremy.
It will pay off big time.

I used to liken the whole loan and mortgage process to any number of similarly excruciating life occurrences: root canal, visit to car dealership, walking on broken glass.
Between the foreign language that money people speak, the crazy amount of paperwork required and the hard to understand list of fees and charges, when seeking a home mortgage I used to resign to being taken advantage of in some manner.
I've had no fewer than six mortgages over the past 15 years with each one of them leaving me with very little sense of satisfaction other than the loan itself.
I came to Jeremy and his Prime Lending Team after walking through the loan process with one of those online lending companies that advertise low-cost and easy processing and delivered neither.
My initial impression was favorable but even the online guys said all the right things initially.
My second impression was more important and I liked Prime Lending's hands-on approach to the loan process.
It felt a lot more like I was dealing with people who were not only on the same page but I was actually a member of the team instead of the least important part of the equation.
The communication between the Prime Lending team and the client is so good it actually feels like yours is the only loan their working on.
Not one time did I ever have to ask about our loan status.
Not once did I ever have to wonder what we were reading or signing.
They do an amazing job of organizing, communicating and educating.
Most companies I've dealt with do a decent job of organizing, a fair to poor job of communicating and a horrible job of educating.
Let's face it, the loan process, is not easy.
And I'm not suggesting  that it take the place of golf or vacationing.
In today's money world, you will still work very hard providing, documenting and justifying your worthiness.
It will be taxing and frustrating and demanding and satisfying - often all in the same day.
Jeremy's team at Prime Lending didn't invent the mortgage.
They just apply, and apply so well, the things that are grossly absent from the process in my opinion.
They involve you in the daily, sometimes hourly progress of your loan.
They are incredibly informed and organized and work tirelessly to make sure you stay organized too - even if you are not prone to doing so.
Jeremy assigns a loan officer assistant type person to your file (ours was Tonia).
Tonia's job is to make sure when your file goes to underwriting it is so complete there are no requests for additional documentation like a note from your mother or DNA analysis.
To be frank, I thought Tonia was a bit of a pain in the *ss at first.
Then you realize her goal is to be so thorough and even invasive that the underwriting part is reduced to a formality.
I have no doubt that is what happened in my case and that it was the best approach.
I always felt like in previous loans when files went to underwriting and I was asked for additional docs the loan processors weren't educated or didn't care enough to know what was needed to make the loan to begin with.
Tonia has a most difficult job as she has to ask the difficult questions.
She has to impose and investigate and pry.
She was professional, knowledgeable and incredibly thorough.
I didn't fully appreciate the job she had done until we went to underwriting.
I could not be more satisfied with Jeremy and Tonia and the Prime Lending HOUSE team.
All you could ever ask of your loan people is for them to be competent, honest, make the process as painless as possible and that they minimize unforeseen obstacles, understand timelines and share information with you along the way.
They have done that for us.
They have exceeded our expectations and I will openly recommend them to anyone willing to listen.

Jeremy and The House Team are amazing!
I am in the real estate business so I work with many lenders on a daily basis.
Jeremy and his team are among the very best!
Their level of communication and professionalism is way above par!
Our loan approval process went very smoothly and our loan documents were delivered to the title company THREE WEEKS early!
Highest recommendation possible!

