They just recently open up two locations near me and they are always very busy with the excitement of the new food.
Don't let the lines worry you they move pretty quick.
They have a lovely assortment of treats as well as sandwiches, soups, and breads.
I had the tuna, it was not to my particular liking but I tried a little of everyone else's soups and sandwiches and all were very tasty.
The menu is large with many options to chose from so grab a menu while standing in line to help with your decisions.
You can also call ahead or use the drive thru :)

The desserts must be good because the sandwiches are very disappointing.
I really want to like this place but I've eaten there twice and was not impressed.
If you like cheap meat, bland flavor, and lots of mayo on your sandwich this is your kind of place.
I hate to be so negative but it's just not my kind of food I guess.
My wife had the same impression.
Those of you who love this place .... please tell me why?

Quality control is not so good here.
Watery smoothie, overcooked noodles.
Sad considering we usually love kneaders.
I'm sure being a new store might be a factor.
Will update review at a later visit.

We were thrilled when Kneaders opened in Queen Creek closer to our house, as it's our favorite breakfast spot.
We visited last week for the first time on a Thursday to avoid the weekend crowd and were just as impressed as we were with the Gilbert locations.
Service was fast, the French Toast (our favorite) was yummy as always and came to the table quickly.
We love that the French Toast and pancakes are all you can eat because our 2 year old can eat from our plates and really fill up.
Their breakfast is one of the few sure things we know he'll eat tons of.
We will definitely be back soon!

Overpriced and not worth it.
Husband and I got two sandwich combos with dessert and it $30.
Sandwiches were small and just disappointing.
We don't have many choices out here in QC, so when this opened and we saw how packed it was, w e thought it had to be amazing.
But it was just disappointing.
Broccoli cheddar soup had no flavor.
Save the money and go make your own sandwich at home.
Service was great and people were friendly.
But Probably Won't Be Back.

Delish!!!!
Had a bit of a wait but it is new and there was a lot of people.
I'm sure it will get better with time.
Food was really good.

I ordered a crab roll that was advertised on a sigh as being made with REAL crab.
The sandwich was obviously made from imitation crab.
When I asked the manager about it he argued with me saying it was a combination of imitation and real crab.
If there was ANY real crab in the sandwich it was not apparent.
I buy real crab meat often and know what it looks like and more importantly what it tastes like.
I took a picture of the sign advertising the sandwich.
The sign says, "real crab, real shrimp, real good".
There was no price on the sign.
The situation really turned me off.
The sign was a blatant lie.
I have sent a comment to their corporate office but expect to receive the basic auto reply apology.
The highlight of the visit was the chocolate dome dessert that I split with my friend.
It was VERY good.
The manager did replace my sandwich with something else but it wasn't until after defending the use of imitation crab and my having to say, "I am not satisfied".
I might give them another try at some point but for now I'm really turned off and disappointed that they feel the need to blatantly lie about ingredients in their food.

A little too pricey for sandwiches.
The taste was decent, but nothing spectacular.
My sandwich contained very little meat for what I payed (around $9).
I feel like I will stick to the paradise bakery for more bang for my buck.
Lastly, service was pretty poor.
The gentleman that took our order was very short and being new to this place we were a little put off since we were new to their menu and had a few questions.

Not impressed.
Overpriced.
Mediocre coffee.
What kind of cafe doesn't have wifi, anyway?

Im sure there are items on the menu that arent as great as others however most of the items I've ever ordered are really good - Turkey Bacon Avocado on Foccacia Sandwich (loaded with real turkey, not sliced crap), Turkey and Artichoke Panini (loaded), Cannoli, Double Fudge Brownie (great balance of chocolate frosting on brownie), Chocolate Mousse Dome Cake (nom nom nom a favorite), French Toast (heavenly).
This location is fairly new so all the harsh reviews on here about the service seem unfair.
I've had quiet a few questions myself the handful of times I've been and have always received helpful advice etc.
Been through the drive thru multiple times and it has always been surprisingly quick regardless of time.
Always love the atmosphere partly because this location isn't crammed with people like the one on Baseline is = woot woot!
The one thing I've ordered that I wouldn't order again is the Chicken Salad Sandwich on Croissant - def not good especially when most people compare this place to Paradise B. I'll be coming back again and again!

We ordered the Chicken panin and Tuna.
What a waste of money.
Awful!
Will never return.
Paradise is 1000 times better.

