First Yelp review....hopefully this inspires the whole city to try this new taco spot!
Garnachas just opened, and that is apparent in how clean and organized this place is.
They have a bar and a restaurant which is cool, a cold Dos Equis and tacos is always close to perfect.
Along with a perfect location on Valley View in between Sahara and Desert Inn, this place is destined for success.
So I walk in the bar entrance and was immediately greeted by the owner.
Dude was cool without putting on his "welcome new customer" spiel.
He shows me the menu board and explains my options.
I decide to get 4 different tacos (pastor, carnitas, chicken and braised beef") along with rice and beans.
Bottled Coke is an automatic!
Garnachas does the line different than El Gordo or Taco Y Taco.... Its more assembly line which allows you to "build your own" on top of your taco.
Service was fast and friendly.
All of the tacos were hot and moist and had a ton of flavor.
Topped with Jalapeño salsa, i could've eaten more than the 4 but I showed restraint.
The only thing I would change would be the rice, it was kinda of plain and just hasn't as good as it should be.
The owner thanked me for the comment and said was going to have 2 different kinds of upgraded rice very soon.
4 tacos, rice and beans and a bottled Coke was $12 bucks.
Leaving full and satisfied.
Free chips and salsa bar is also a nice touch.
Keep up the good work, I will be a regular for sure!!

Came here for their grand opening last week and to put it nicely, I was disappointed.
I arrived at 6:30 and even though the place was busy, I managed to find a table for me and my friends by the entrance.
Half an hour later and the waitress STILL hasn't noticed me, so I start texting my friends (who hadn't arrived yet), telling them about the horrible service.
It's not as if she's been neglecting the other customers either; twenty minutes after I got into the place, a group of four guys sat down and got served right away.
Anyway, sometime later, my friend orders a beer and that too takes a while.
We decide to bounce and ask for the check.
Again, a long ass wait.
My friend turns to me and says, "Now I see what you were bitching about before.
The service sucks here.
" The place gets one star for the grand opening special of $2 draft beer, but other than that, I probably won't go back...

The food is amazing!!!
Make sure to try the al pastor and enjoy a Mexican coke!
This is worth the gas to drive across town for me and the service is amazing!!!
I will be back definitely!

