Today is opening day and they are handing out 20% discounts good till 10am.
Lines are forming and they open at 700am.
Quality - all the quality of Trader Joe's and Whole Foods but with a larger selection and better prices!
Quantity - plenty of choices and a lot of it.
C. Organic - plenty if organic choices, grass fed beef and healthy choices!
This is to me like the Costco or Sam's Club of nutritional value.
So many places try to make so much money on healthy choice products.
I feel like a captive in so many places and here I feel liberated!!!
For opening day today, come get your 20% discount and other deals.
Free coffee and muffins.
Come out and listen to Coronado HS Marching Band playing on the opening day ceremonies.
GK says this is the place to do all your regular as well as nutritional shopping!
Come here to support healthy values now!
Get beach body ready and start here!

Let me start off by saying that I love Sprouts, I actually frequent the Tropicana and Pecos location anytime I need groceries.
I decided to pop into this location to grab a snack for work since I was in the area, and I really shouldn't have.
For whatever reason, this place was more packed than I've seen any grocery store.
An army of employees makes for very little organization, and this was certainly the case here.
They had three cashiers at an express lane, which I thought was handy since I only had two items.
I stood in that lane... only to have a "helpful" employee just admit two separate customers directly in front of me in line.
To make matters worse, one of those customers told her that I was already waiting in line, and she ignored him and told him and another person to get right over (in front of me).
I think I'll stay at the location where people aren't incompetent, since I'm not coming back to this location, ever.

Sprouts hit another home run for me with this new location.
I was really not a fan of Sprouts after a bad experience at the location on Tropicana and Pecos.
I was won back over with the new location that opened on Stephanie and Warm Springs.
Now this one is just as good as that location.
Hopefully they get the Tropicana location up to speed so that it doesn't ruin their reputation.
Mind blowing how this location and the Stephanie location can be so completely opposite of the ghetto and rank Tropicana location!
Great food, great prices, great atmosphere.
Whole Foods was the only grocery store that I could enter and never get bored cruising the aisles.
My first time here, I walked in and was amazed.
Cruised the aisles and picked up a few things.
Next thing I know, I'm walking out the door an hour later.
Who spends an hour at a grocery store?
I do, every time I come to an amazing location like this one.
Kudos!

Welcome, Sprouts!
So glad you're here!
Sprouts is such a refreshing change from the supermarkets with junk on every shelf and only a handful of healthy options to be found.
This place is chock full of interesting, healthy and wholesome food choices.
There's a great selection of organic products, and the produce section is plentiful with fresh options.
Also, get your Boar's Head deli items here!
The bulk section offers such a huge selection and the prices really are better than the same prepackaged items!
The employees here are friendly and helpful and the lines seem to move quickly.
The deli counter has some kinks to work out as I noticed when I got home that I was given the wrong amount of some of the cold cuts I ordered.
I didn't like the way they packaged my cold cuts - I hate to say it but this is done so much better at Albertson's and Smith's.
Also, it took forever to get my cold cuts even when the deli line wasn't long.
I'm sure this will improve with time.
The store is immaculate and so organized.
I  hope this doesn't change with time!
This is such a welcome store in the community.
I think this will make fresh, healthy options more widely available in the neighborhood.
No excuses, Green Valley.
Shop healthy at Sprouts!

One of my favorite "chain" of stores.
I've always had a great experience at any Sprouts.
Stores seem clean & organized.
My favorite is the "serve yourself " bins.
They have everything good to snack on-- nuts, chocolate covered treats (blueberries, honeycomb), dried fruit.. at great prices!
It's wonderful.
My gramma & I sometimes grab freshly made sushi rolls from the little bar inside.
Can't go wrong with Sprouts produce & products.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this store.

Very fresh affordable produce.
Same quality as whole foods but a whole lot less.
Very helpful friendly staff.
Delicious roast beef.
Great selection of vitamins.
Will go again soon.
Love it.

Of all the markets in henderson, sprouts is the best!
Friendly staff and great produce!

Really enjoyed my shopping experience.
I was very surprised to see all the options that they had available from Greek to Italian to  Persian.
The store was clean and the staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable  about their products.
My most exciting discovery was that they had Home Run Inn Pizza!!!!!!
Their prices are similar to Trader Joes.
If you are Vegan or don't eat gluten, I think they have a HUGE selection.
We will be back!

I decided to give this place a try after being less than impressed with their Tropicana and Pecos location a few years back.
I am a regular Whole Foods and Trader Joe's shopper and figured if this place made the grade I could add it to my rotation and maybe even save a little time and money.
First of all their name brand prepackaged items are not any less expensive than Whole Foods.
It is all comparative which was ok with me since I am a regular Target shopper and they are right next door (2 birds 1 stone - at least in the winter).
The produce looked ok, not great.
On par with Trader Joe's, but if I am going to get Trader Joe's grade produce I expect Trader Joe's prices.
Where they ultimately lost me before and it seems this time again is the meat counter.
I am pretty picky when it comes to buying meat and am willing to pay extra money for extra quality.
None of their meat or fish looks or smells particularly fresh.
It was pretty reminiscent of any other chain grocery store around town.
So a little more variety than Trader Joes, but also more expensive.
Not as much quality on fresh items as Whole foods in my opinion but priced similarly.

This place is brand-new, but I picked up some salads there for dinner.
The salads (chicken-caesar, in their prepared meals section) were okay, not quite as good as the ones I get at Trader Joe's.
But this is a really nice store, and the employees are helpful and cheery.
Good selection of fruit (especially the apples I can't find anywhere else), and a dizzying choice of flavored, yogurt-covered pretzels, most of which I intend to try.
This is my first experience with this chain, but so far, I like.
Wish I could give them a 4.5 star rating .
it's only because their salads were so-so that I didn't give them 5.
I'll try to post again when I've gone back and tried something else.

This was my first time ever in a Sprouts.
some neighbors seemed excited about it, so I had to check it out, and I'm glad I did.
A bit like Whole Foods, a bit like Trader Joe's.
Decent-sized store, with enough room for a pretty good selection.
They had Jazz apples, which I don't find elsewhere.
Bright, clean, neat place.
The staff are friendly and helpful...when I couldn't find some chefs'salads, they made a few up for me right then.
Got a whole, roasted chicken without seasoning...quite good.
The potato salad was so-so...not bad, but I've had better.
All in all, so far, so good.
Glad I found this place.
Oh, decent selection of pirates meals, too, which I'll have to try more of.

