Awesome!!!
Great food!!!
Added bonus today... we got to enjoy the pre-opening!
Met the top management, new staff and some corporate members, every single person there wad top notch, friendly & helpful!!

I passed by here on the way to Winco and noticed this place is open now.
There's a drive thru and you can take your order to go or you can dine in.
The prices are reasonable.
I ordered an 8 piece meal which came with 8 pieces of chicken 1 large side and four biscuits just under $15.
The chicken only is $10.39.
Got the mild flavor for Mr B. I tasted one wing and my thoughts are its okay nothing special.
They don't measure up to the ones I get over at Johnny Mac's that's for sure.
I like the skin though it had a nice  crunch a slight garlic taste to it.
The biscuits are pretty good.
Buttery.
The potatoes with gravy is good.
My family likes it.
I'm a fan of their sweet tea though!
Service wise, everybody is still green.
There was a slight confusion with my order.
I was given a receipt and the number on cash receipt is different from the number for the chicken order that the cashier never handed to me.
So I waited there for a while because number I had wasn't being called until they figured  out 5 minutes later.
Parking lot is really small.
On the drive thru side there's only one way to get out.
It could be a pain in the butt trying to get out of there when it's really busy.
For the price value of the meals and for the convenience it's great for families.
Note: Lobby closes  and stops taking orders at 10pm but you can still get fried chicken till 11pm when you take your car through the drive-thru window.

So I know what you are thinking Popeyes  Freaking Popeyes really Popeyes ...
Yes Popeyes Did he lose his mind ?!?
No.
Is he back on that stuff?
Maybe  Ok ok you're going to have to trust your boy On this one   Get the spicy chicken it's their signature dish If u can't eat spicy DON'T go to Popeyes   The sides are the clincher  Cajun fries Red beans and rice  Biscuits That's all I can vouch for  But I bet the other sides are great as well  This is the most IMPORTANT part I've eaten at other Popeyes in Vegas and Hendo and all of them EXCEPT this one stink   I repeat this is the only Popeyes  Only Popeyes I recommend

Food was really good,  I've been to other Popeyes and was nOt impressed but this one just may change my mind...it will take more than one visit to determine that.
I do wish there was a menu prior to the order menu in the drive thru, just because I'm not familiar with their menu and felt rushed once I was at the order menu.
Also I given my box of food....no bag just my box of food which I thought was weird, would've liked a bag to carry my food from my car back to work (along with my purse, drink and other stuff).... and no straw for my drink (that's always annoying) but food wAs good so next time I'll walk in and check it out

Well, the food is delicious.
Not exactly what I  ordered but close enough.
So, I can't tell ya how the Cajun rice is but the beans and rice are quite good.
The biscuits could be baked a little longer.
But I gotta say this crew was giving it their all.
These kids cared damn it.
They moved with a purpose!
Maybe there is hope for this generation??
Maybe?
I worked at Popeyes in high school for approximately 2 days-Bless their young, hard working hearts!
And God Bless Popeyes!

We needed something like this to open here.
The Wendy's next door has lousy customer service and wait time for food was ridiculous .
Wendy's is now paying the price and popeyes is thriving .
With that said , popeyes is the bomb .
Try their waffle chicken it's great .

I am very pleased to see more and more different places for me to choose from in my neighborhood.
I love Popeyes and my favorite would have to be the spicy chicken and mashed potato & gravy.
The employees were super friendly and the place was very clean!

Fail... pissed me off lst night.
They were lazy and tried not to mke more chicken at the end of the night!
Which just ended up putting them in the weeds when they got a rush.
The 6 of purchasing chicken ended up waiting 20 mins or more for some damn chicken.
They even got some of the others people order wrong.
And tell your staff to not hang out when you clock out and chit chat with the others who are still on the clock and trade cookies and crap!

