These folks are amazing at 6:00am.
Super friendly, great coffee and today it's FREE!!

Opening day is finally here!!!
This line is about a mile long but I don't mind  I have been impressed with all the locations on the west valley, so I am certain this will be no different.
They have great coordination considering it's opening day and have all the vehicles lined up nicely through this business complex and staff is walking around handing out menus and pins :) so excited for this location!!
Support the local spots

Came in the am for my free coffee on opening day!
I am a first timer and I can say I'm officially a fan.
Employees were all very friendly and I even took a selfie with them!
Love it!
They were all smiles.
Music was loud but that makes the environment fun.
I had the Cocomo on ice and it was very good.
This compared to Starbucks?
Both are equally good and close to price.
I like both.
Can't wait to try more!

My first experience of Dutch Bros was at their Peoria location and I was blown away at the awesome upbeat vibe and service.
My husband and I have raved about them and been going ever since, it's been about a year now.
We live in Surprise and were BEYOND excited they were opening a location here... Needless to say we are at DB's several times a week, sometimes several times a day... we are raving fans of their coffee and all their drinks (our kids love them too) and the whole team at the Surprise location is just as great as the rest!!!!!!!!!

Very good espresso.
Staff is also amazingly friendly.
I went the last three days in a row and will continue to go.
It is nice having something other than Starbucks in the area.

Amazing service every time I go!
Friendly staff, great coffee.

5 stars for the friendliness and politeness of the staff.
Their product in not bad at all, either.
I had the double choc mocha and it was very good.
Will be back here everyday.

Love this place!
Great coffee and great friendly staff!
So happy they opened a location in Surprise

Staff is awesome, drinks are amazing.
Starbucks can't compare.
Dutch Bros is always on point.
If there is a long line they send a staff member to your car to get your order so it's ready at the window!
Angie and Daniel are very personable which makes it feel like a small town which you won't find at Starbucks coffee or should I say six bucks coffee..?
They always have a promotion going on, and they give out stamp cards so you can get free drinks!
Free?
Yep!
Woohoo!

LOVE dutch bros coffee!
Its the new starbucks!
The atmosphere is so fun and lively, the drinks are delicious and the prices are reasonable!
They make the drinks very fast and i love how they can text you your receipt!

