Had the pleasure of stopping by the other day right before their soft opening to catch the crew in the middle of training.
The space looked great!
I'm so happy they're doing something positive with the John E. Carson building.
A little concerned with how they're able to offer fresh cold-pressed juice on the go, home made ice cream, smoothies, AND soups in such a limited space, but I have absolute faith in them.
I got to meet Shane & Nichole (owners).
It's nice to be around people who are passionate about what they do on top of being absolutely knowledgeable as well.
They pass that same energy down to their employees, which makes me excited and confident to be a customer there.
Especially since all their ingredients are organic and mostly sourced locally.
Shane made me the Dirty Chai smoothie out of the most obscure ingredients.
I was definitely unconfident of how the beverage would turn out as I watched him toss things like cabbage, ginger, pumpkin, coffee beans, and wheatgrass among a bevy of other ingredients into the VitaMix.
However, all my concerns were demolished once I took my first sip.
My first thoughts were, "WHAT KIND OF SORCERY IS THIS?!
" Immediately followed by, "Must.
Have.
More.
" Needless to say, that smoothie was inhaled swiftly without remorse.
My only gripe with this place is how far they are from my home, and how early they close.
Being a night owl is not conducive to my need for delicious & healthy items that I have to drive across town for before 3pm.
BUT... That won't stop me from trying!

This place is awesome and has become a daily tradition.
Get the holy grail, add super foods, and thank me later.
Shane the owner knows what he's doing when it comes to juice and no place in Nevada does it better than he they do.

OMG!
Finally.
A juice bar that serves fresh REAL LIVE fruits and veggies...... ((((((NOTE: this is not your ordinary mall, chain, frozen sweetened fruits from unknown origins-smoothie bar that serve frozen sweetened colored pre mashed yucky stuff.
))))  This is the REAL DEAL in VEGAS!
Beyond Organic!!!
( California TOP SHELF fruit that the Chefs use on the strip at the top restaurants- From Carrie Klasby (sp?
) the intuitive forager.
(TIP: Downtown 3rd street farmers market on Fridays FYI ) This is the real deal.
Real fresh fruit and vegetables from farms and farmers that are sourced and brought here directly!
When you step into the shop you are immediately greeted with an assortment of the most colorful tasty fruits and vegetables found in Vegas.
So many choices,  including soups!!!
I had the holy grail, and it filled my tummy and made me feel good after a workout.
They have an extensive menu- so I will have try them all!!!
TIP: I would call ahead and have your order waiting for pick up...( I haven't tried this yet but the space is tight so this may be a solution to the space issue)  nomnomnomnom

Where a similarly located John E. Carson shop insists on too much filling to cover a lack of basic flavor structuring, Grass Roots is entirely the opposite.
Each juice starts with the basics that will give you an appealing color, a pleasant texture, and for all its complexity, you'll have no idea just how many greens and other healthy things are blended into your cup.
Basically, your juice will be sweet and tangy and smooth all over.
And yet there is SO much STUFF in the juices, smoothies, and soups that you can order off the menu, or you can work with the juicers to craft something all your own.
It's certainly more magical to watch Shane Stuart and his team concoct colorful juices with your taste buds in mind than it is to select a few veggies for a "build-your own" sandwich.
Of all the places I will miss in Vegas when I move east soon, newcomer Grass Roots is certainly in the top three.
Even more than my work friends who inevitably end up here after nearly every team meeting, I am viciously jealous of children in Las Vegas who have Grass Roots juices to look forward to after braces-tightenings.
As young teens, my brother and I shared those torturous braces years.
Our mother, fretting that her growing children couldn't get nearly enough nutrients for the week or more following a painful tightening, kept weird-tasting, canned nutrition drinks on hand at all times.
I remember surviving, barely, on those for a week or two at a time.
It certainly helps that Shane can hide kale, cabbage, and just about any other green or veggie in the drinks and you'd be none the wiser.
Seriously, kids with braces, I hate you so much right now.
No matter that I am freakin' lovin' my juice right now.
But as an adult, there are other times when juices and smoothies are a solution to the inability to eat solids.
Grief from a loss, and other additive stresses has lately warped my ability to feel hungry or very much interest in eating.
Food, especially anything I would cook myself, simply hasn't appealed to me.
However, where solids aren't enticing, Grass Roots is not only helping me put something meaningful into my body, but I'm actually recharged and calmer after a Mint Capigreeno or a Ginger in the Grass.
As I treat my body well, my mind finds more normality too.
While enjoying the wait for my juice, I've met some others who have similarly found that where sadness or stress has eliminated their desire to eat solid foods, Grass Roots is doing more than feeding them; it's helping to heal them.
The wonderful community that presses into the popular, small juice bar at all times of the day is a great addition to the therapy as well.
Everyone wants to know what's hidden in your juice, and you KNOW you're equally as curious.
Go ahead, ask them.
They want to tell you, and they're going to give you such a long list that by the time they finish, and you're listing out what is in your cup, you'll be fast friends.
Don't forget to tip your concocters.

Can't get anymore unique, fresh, and delightful for your body and soul!!
Love this place, it's on the best block in town!
Shane and all of his right hands are incredible and have a heart of gold!
Thanks again!

Well done!
A great addition to the Las Vegas valley.
My wife and I ordered two juices each and thought they were excellent.
Great pride of ownership and a friendly helpful staff.
Can't wait to go back.

