Excellent cheeseburger sub.
Crazy good flavors all the way around!
Awesome new spot and friendly people.
Its authentic quality fresh food...can't beat it.
I'll be back often

Grinder's was recommended to us by a friend and we are glad we listened.
We really enjoyed our experience.
Upon arriving we were greeted by the chef and sat at a table.
The menu was simple but varied.
We started with the calamari appetizer.
The chef made it in the kitchen while we watched.
It was served with some lemon slices and some marinara sauce.
I liked it with out the sauce.
It was that tasty!
It was not at all greasy and had the perfect amount of flavor.
Next we ordered a creation I like to call the back room pizza.
We got a large red sauce (you can choose red or white) pizza with banana peppers, cheese, pepperoni, mushrooms, tomato, spinach and topped it with Ricotta cheese.
When the chef delivered it, it looked like a work of art.
You could tell he enjoyed making it.
The dough is a perfect balance between thin and thick.
We like our pizza well done on the bottom but not overly cooked and Grinders delivered!
The first bite and we knew we had found a great pizza place!
We ate about half and took the rest home for dinner another night.
All in all, I think this place is a secret that needs to get out.

Roast Pork Sandwich is my favorite and they have pizza by the slice!
The guys are warm and friendly.
Great bread for the sandwiches, this is my second visit, first review.
Glad they are in the neighborhood.
Delivery is coming soon, can't wait!
It's still new, so far, so good.

I stumbled upon Grinder's Pizza Lounge the 2nd night it was open (while my mother was staying across the street at Spring Valley Hospital).
I'd just bought a BBQ sandwich from the restaurant near them and still felt like eating more.
I went in and was greeted by two super friendly guys (the owners) and decided to try a slice of pizza.
I got a slice with pepperoni, anchovies & olives.
It was really good.
They make their crust very light, which makes it taste much better than most other pizzas.
I went back a few days later for another slice &  some ice tea.
It's a cool, casual place with a fun atmosphere.
I can hardly wait until I can go back to try their Cheesesteak Sub and their Italian one also.
Fun place.
Cool owners.
You can instantly tell that they love their business and want to provide customers with high quality meals and a  happy experience.
Highly recommended.

Catering review  I recently had Grinder's cater our weekly business lunch and man did they deliver.
Ordering was easy and they priced it perfectly.
We had them bring 16 pizza's and 8 orders of wings.
The pizza was perfect!
In fact, many of our employees made it a point to let me know that they loved the pizza!
They also said the wings were perfect...
I love that they loved it.
Makes it much easier to repeat the order in the future.
I think I'm going to try some subs next time.
As for pricing, I can tell you they are at the lower end of our weekly budget.
These guys will work with you!
Can't wait for a couple weeks to pass so we can do it again!

This place is really good!
The bread is home made, so of course the pizza and subs are great.
I personally like the cheesesteak and cheeseburger sub.
They also have a good selection of craft beer.
Definitely coming back!

