The service was great!
Food is even better.
Try the Arizona sushi roll if you like sushi with a kick!

Service great and food was super, made my own bowl, price is reasonable, not to busy for just opening, but then again it's HOT outside.
Will go back again.

Had the steak bowl with udon noodles and the crab cheese wonton roll.
Steak was very tender and juicy.
The wonton rolls were fantastic.
The atmosphere in the restaurant is very laid back, everyone was super freiendly.
Will definitely be coming back to try something different.

Really good and fresh!
Left feeling full but not heavy!
Fresh veggies, wild caught seafood-trendy vibe.
Will return!

I thought this place was alright.
Service was great though.
Every staff was pleasant and helpful and make sure we were taken care of.
I had the Joe's roll and thought that was good.
Also, had the steak bowl with mushrooms and spinach.
It was ok. Might need to give it a second try.

So far I really like this place.
The green curry is great.
I also love the spring rolls with peanut sauce.
My kids liked the sushi they ordered and my grand son loved the kids teriyaki  chicken and noodles.
Dessert sushi was pretty good also.
The price are not to bad.
The only thing I would change is the peanut skewers would have been better if they were grilled.
they appear steamed.
We will be back to try more.
One thing that would be great is curbside del for take out.
I get most of my orders to go.
they don't have a place just to pick up take out.
I feel like I have to wait in line to get my order.

With Tokyo Joe's just opening up on 30-May-2014, they were doing a wonderful job in QSC, but the food coming out of the kitchen was running very SLOW!
Placed my order for (2) two sets, one being a large California roll, and had the Tokyo Joe set which had grilled shrimp in it.
FOOD WAS AWESOME!!!
Due to the wait, the M.O.D.
(Manager) gave me a card for a "FREE" set of rolls on my next visit.
The cashier was "WAY BRAND NEW" at being a cashier anywhere!
Wonderful smile and "A KEEPER" for this location.
Went to "BURGER FI" two days after it opened, and this is in the same plaza as Joe's on South Val Vista across the street from Dana Park.
I WAITED FOR 28 MINUTES FOR  (2) TWO BURGERS AND FRIES.
NO SORRY FROM THEM, AND I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO "BURGER FI"!
Here at Joe's, they cared, looked me into my face, and went the extra mile by giving me the card for next time!
if you are looking for "AWESOME, HEALTHY FOOD", Tokyo Joe's is the place, and with the article in the Arizona Republic stating the growth the company wants, they will do very well in the Phoenix market.
Thank you!

Tokyo Joes is a fast casual style restaurant that's pretty good, but I think has some room to get better.
I had a create your own bowl with chicken, veggies, noodle, and the Spicy-aki sauce.
The "spicy-aki" sauce was a disappointment--not spicy at all.
The portion size was monstrous, and I felt like I was getting all noodles.
Shrimp is listed under a signature bowl but not on the BYO, which is a bummer.
This place reminds me of Noodles and Company, but is lacking in combo options.
I would love to see some other sushi/bowl/salad combo box.
All they have is a Zushi box which is a combo of nigiri and rolls.
What if I want a roll combo with a salad?
I think it would be great if you had a Trio/pick two style like Panera or Noodles and Company where you could have a bowl and sushi, or sushi and a salad.
As it stands now the portions are entirely too big to do this ala carte.
I'll probably be back to try their sushi, but the bowls I may stay away from- too big!

Have already been here twice... First to the VIP opening (thanks to my daughter who works here) and then again for dinner.
Both times the food was great!
Chicken is Super fresh and so are the veggies!
Both times I got build your own bowls...mmmmmm!!!
I have a friend who had severe dietary restrictions and this is the perfect place!
They do everything they can to accommodate food allergies and restrictions without sacrificing taste!
so glad to have a healthy alternative "fast food" place in the area!
Go to Joe's!!

Upon driving by the "coming soon" on my daily AJ's run, I looked up Tokyo Joe's and learned all about its rich Colorado history.
A few months into my gluten avoidance, I welcomed the idea of a fresh Asian spot in the neighborhood.
They've not quite been open a week and I've visited them three times, trying something new every time.
The Gyoza is a delicious starter, the sushi rolls are great and the bowls, soups and salads offer a variety of flavors sure to never get boring.
My husband ordered a green curry and his response was: Aside from the searing burn on my tongue, this is flavorless.
I have personally enjoyed the General Joe's soup, MoJoe bowl and I've built my own.
I'm sure to be a regular here.

Denver based companies have risen in the valley again!!
Seriously, LOVE me some TJ's.They offer great, healthy options (for real though, check out the nutrition facts on the website) and best of all, it's veggie-saur paradise, complete with rice, all the veggies you can fit into a bowl and even tofu.
And the good kind of firm tofu.
If you haven't been in yet, get your booty in here...te service is FAST and friendly.
Oh and they even offer freshly made sushi right before your very eyes if you're into that sort of thing.
And, bonus, they have four types of freshly brewed tea!
See you at TJ's!

We went to Tokyo Joe's for the first time, and really liked it., the food was very fresh tasting, and very good portions.
I had a delicious chicken bowl with  rice, fresh vegetables and curry.
My wife and daughter enjoyed their food also..

We don't have much (read any) experience with sushi and this looked like a reasonable place to try it out.
We went one time without trying the sushi, partly because we didn't know where to start.
The manager convinced us to come back and give it another try.
We started off with the spring rolls which were delicious.
The fresh, high quality vegetables are really their strength.
We had two orders of the Zushi boxes and tried most of Sushi menu.
We don't have any reference point to compare to, but we liked everything, although the dragon sauce was a little too spicy for my wife.
It's a place we will go back to and glad we found a way to try it in an unintimidating way.
I really like these restaurants like Chipotle and Panda that operate in between fast food and sit down dining.
If you haven't tried sushi, go in and ask for some recommendations and give it a try.
It's really not something to be afraid of.

Absolutely disgusting food.
It tasted as though a microwavable meal was defrosted and put in a bowl.
Everyone in my party agreed that the food lacked flavor and that all the noodles and vegetables were mushy.
The area around the drink dispenser was sopping wet and the trash was overflowing.
Very disappointed and I will not be returning.

Went there for dinner time around 6pm.
The place was pretty full, looks nice on the inside.
They have a sushi type bar on the left and it's a kinda order and sit kind of place.
Food was good, I got the chicken noodle bowl.
I really liked it, it wasn't too saucy or feel really heavy.
Everything seemed pretty fresh.
I would definitely come back and maybe try the ramen.

We tried this place, the noodles were ok, the appetizers were ok. Just average.
We had to ask for silverware, napkins and a bowl to mix the wasabi in.
We tried the sushi too, it was average as well.

Very fresh, high quality, good prices.
Got the cali tartare roll and tried the chicken teriyaki.
Both were delicious.
They use real crab in their rolls

We had a VERY bad experience eating here for the first time.
It almost seemed like nothing went right.
The service: During the course of our meal, the waitress got two of our orders wrong and mouthed off to me when I politely asked her to correct the mistake.
She then proceded to complain about us to the sushi bar employee (specifically calling our table "those vegetarians").
The sushi bar employee then complained about our table to another waitress.
I complained to the manager, Courtney, about this poor service and she was nice enough to give us three "I'm Sorry" free meals.
Thank you, Courtney!
You were the highlight of our overall frustrating experience.
The Food: everything was bland, watery, and burnt.
The sauce didn't even have flavor.
The aftermath of this is that we all feel like we are going to puke (including the meat-eaters in our parties).
Cleanliness: one of the waitresses spilled a drink on my mother and father (and their food).
She was very nice and apologized for it, but then it took the entirety of our meal for anyone to clean it up.
And we had to ask for napkins and for them to replace our meals.
Supplies: there were no lids for the To-Go cups.
Overall, this was a very poor experience.
Even though we got free meals, we will not be returning.
At least we have a funny tale to tell about the worst Father's Day meal we've ever experienced.

Just open a couple of weeks ago.
Have gone there twice;     I find the food good and reasonable priced; there sushi is great as well.
Suggest you try this place.
I think you will be pleasantly surprised.
It is now one of my regular lunch stops.

If you're looking for authentic Japanese food, don't even bother.
But if you want a quick meal from a restaurant with a similar setup like Pei Wei, this could be your place.
I thought the ramen was decent, but would I go back for it?
Probably not.

Was going to give this place 3 stars for effort, and because I only made one visit, but they managed to lose one at the very end of my visit.
I was out searching for something new and different in the area, with out much luck.
That's when I spotted Tokyo Joe's Healthy Asian Grill.
I decided to give it a shot.
Should've known I wasn't in for the best Asian dining experience, when I walked in and the place looked like every other new fast food place that have been popping up in the area.
Ex: Cafe Rio, Cafe Zupas, etc.
Sadly there also wasn't a single Asian person in the place.
Ordering was fairly quick, with sushi, build your own bowl, and a couple pre -designed items.
The place offers several different iced tea options, sadly, the first two selections I made were empty.
I ordered the gyoza appetizer, ramen noodles, and the aforementioned iced tea.
I'm going to preface this by saying that I grew up in a primarily Asian family, so I hold my Asian foods to a higher standard.
That being said, the food sucked.
The gyoza's were of the pre packaged store bought variety (or at least the taste and texture suggested that) with a few dried out green onions sprinkled on top.
The accompanying dipping sauce was good (ponzu I believe).
Ramen was over cooked and bland.
The broth had a decent flavor, but was not enough to save the meal.
The egg was too over over cooked for my liking.
Chicken also seemed pre packaged.
So here's where they lost a star.
Managers take note.
If a staff member makes eye contact with a customer, they should at least be acknowledged.
ESPECIALLY if the customer says something to them.
On my way out the door, one of the employees crossed paths with me.
I said excuse me as I made my way by, then said have a nice night.
They looked at me as if they were deaf... (If they were actually deaf, I'll retract this part of my review)   Either way, long story short, no I would not recommend this place and will not be back.
If you're going out for Asian, there's many places I would recommend, over this one, that are in the area.
Try Thai Chili or Simis Cafe instead.
Happy Yelping!

Great amazing healthy delicious options.. Nice choices sushi made to order..no factory farmed meat here..fresh organic vegetables great customization..ambiance way above all walk up and order places..amazing and friendly service!
Great Prices for fresh healthy food..what more can you ask for?
Love this place!!
Love the Tataki Salad and all Sushi options too!

If I had to describe this place to someone who had never been I would say Chipotle meets Pei Wei with a Japanese twist.
That more or less describes the ambiance as it is a walk up order place with sit down service.
I thought thedark plates added a nice touch.
The food presentation was beautiful and the food itself was outstanding!
I had the lettuce wraps.
The vegetables were excellent quality, there was a nice variety of sauces and the chicken was good too.
The service was very fast.
I was a bit worried when my friend suggested it, as I am not a fan of seafood or sushi and many places with sushi can't make anything but that, but I found lots of options.
I'm excited to return to try one of their bowls.
I love that they have a no carbs option with double the veggies.

This is my new favorite place to eat.
It's quick and delicious!
Prior to Tokyo Joe's opening, I was a regular at Yogi's Grill and let me tell you....
This place puts Yogi's to shame.
Like Yogis, you can build a bowl with white chicken, dark chicken, steak, salmon or tofu.
You can choose white rice, brown rice or noodles.
That is where the similarities end.
At Yogi's, you can choose teriyaki or spicy teriyaki sauces while at Joe's you can choose from like 8 different sauces.
I have had two different ones.
The Yakitori sauce is a spicy peanut sauce and is super good.
My favorite is the Dragon sauce which is a lil hotter and less sweet than the Yakitori.
They claim that the Dragon sauce is made with Habanero peppers which may be true, but it is not Habanero hot.
While not as spicy as I was expecting, this sauce is delicious!
When building your own bowl you get to choose which veggies you want in it.
The veggies are always fresh and crisp as they are placed in the bowl last.
This place also offers many different kinds of sushi.
I do not eat sushi so I will not comment on that but the rice or noodle bowls are great.
Highly recommend this place if you are in the area.

