Relax everybody.
Its not an actual factory.
It's equivalent to the M and M's store across the street.
Located inside the New York New York Casino towards the strip, it is two floors of all things Hershey.
Things like Twizzlers, Reese's Pieces, Jolly Ranchers, and of course, Kisses just to name a few.
If you ask me, the first floor has all the good stuff.
In a glass case they have a bunch of different pastries and goodies like chocolate covered rice krispies treats on a stick.
Of course I cant forget to mention that as soon as you enter on the first floor, they give you free chocolate samples ranging from Kisses and Mini Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, to Mini Hershey Dark Chocolate squares.
From my first initial visit, this was only the soft opening.
The grand opening is on Tuesday, June 3rd 2014.
I asked the lady at the register if there were gonna be any grand opening specials.
She said she didnt know.
That was kind of lame.
No buy one, get one or free grab bags with purchase.
Nothing.
So in closing, I recommend you start off on the first floor, get your free sample, and then go straight to the goodies case.
Then, if you get bored or are into Jolly Ranchers, go to the second floor.
Oh, and if you are into any kind of bling, they have that every where in the form of pillows and shirts.
Lastly, remember you're on the strip so dont be shocked if everything seems overpriced.
Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #136 "Chocolate Paradise"

Was in town on the grand opening with my 10 year old daughter, and even she thought it was lame.
Very disappointing in comparison to Hershey's in PA, I expected a much bigger, more interactive experience.
This is just another ho-hum retail store on the strip.

This place was AWESOME!
But with that being said it's basically just a giant two story Hershey's gift shop.
However I am not complaining at all and I think it puts all four levels of M&M's World to shame!
They have a fun stuff for everyone and you get free samples just for walking in the door!
The bakery items are delish!
Although they are not made in the store, all the ones we got were sooo good!
My favorite was the peanut butter cookie sandwich.
I was also excited to see Mauna Loa Kisses, which you can only find in Hawaii and at their store.
So of course those came home with us, along with the one pound PB cups and some adorable coffee mugs.
As for the price, it wasn't too bad.
I really didn't feel that it was all that outrageous considering that it is the Hershey Store on the Las Vegas strip and you are paying for the brand.
Certainly something to check out if you are at NYNY!

My son grabbed all the flyers in the hotel lobby that sparked his interest, Hershey's Chocolate World was one of them.
I had never been, M&M's is played out and grossly overpriced, so to get him to stroll through a few casinos without whining too much, I promised him a trip here before heading back the room.
2 floors so not quite as big as M&M World, the same idea though.
Overpriced souveniers, but they did have an amazing bakery section with huge oversized, sugarladen treats that were just too tasty to pass up!
Service was very nice, not too full, worth a stop if you have children or a sweet tooth!

It's located at NY NY Casino on first floor near the escalators.
The store is 2 level store with elevator and stairs.
The 2nd floor has reeces cups theme with reeces cup ceiling lights.
Lots of cute stuff on 2nd floor.
The 1st floor has a wall of Hershey candy to purchase by pound similar to MMS.
They also have tshirts, cups, glasses, etc and lady of liberty made of chocolate.
You can purchase cupcakes, fudge to eat.
The staff are nice and helpful.

Easy to find inside NYNY.
The store is 2 stories.
Not quiet as big as the M&M Store across the street but they had cool stuff and they had, of course, chocolate.
The store has a little baked goods area with huge cupcakes, chocolate covered strawberries, all kinds of fudge, peanut brittle, Carmel/chocolate apples & chocolate covered popcorn.
We bought the caramel/chocolate apple for $7, a huge chocolate cookie sandwich w/peanut butter filling for $5.50, a small pack of chocolate covered twizzlers for $2.50 and 2 candy bars for $3.50 each.
The prices, we thought, weren't bad at all.
Of course they have different sized candy bars...my kids wanted the mega peanut butter cups and the mega Hershey bar.
I will go back just for the baked goods.
Glad I'm a local.

Fairly disappointing.
The bakery counter is definitely the high point (or the "sweet spot"), with a whole lot to choose from.
But what I chose, while it looked like heaven in a little box, was bland and not worth the calories.
The rest of the store is a whole lot of very ordinary Hershey's products, as well as expensive "merchandise" that can pass as souvenirs but are really nothing special.
As for the candy itself, which I'd imagine would be a strong selling point at a store entirely focused on the Hershey's Chocolate brand: If you enjoy Hershey bars, kisses, nuggets, etc., but you just feel that your local grocery store or 7-11 doesn't charge you enough for these products, hurry on out to the New York, New York casino and check out Chocolate World.
You won't be disappointed, as you'll certainly pay at least twice as much for everything you see.

This place is absolutely awesome.
Chocolate everywhere!
Everything from Hershey's, Reese's, Twizzlers, and Jolly Ranchers.
A Hershey chocolate lovers dream place.
They have a wall dispenser for Hershey Kisses and Jolly Ranchers.
A station to customize Hershey bar wrapping.
They have a section to buy baked goods.
Even a couple statutes made of chocolate.
With all the great things I am saying, why would I only rate this with 3 stars?
It's kinda sad that 3 of the 5 dispenser of jolly ranchers upstairs are not working.
And the picture sharing station is not working as well.
I felt like I saw more signs saying that the machine is broken than I did seeing things that were working.
Additionally, I lady working the area with all the baked goods was rude.
I stood there for a few minutes waiting to be helped.
I cashier was able to help me.
But this other lady was being rude having attitude that she needed help because there were too many customers that needed help.
I understand that you need help because you are swamped but you don't need to make a scene in front of customers.
There is s better way of approaching that situation.

Sure it's a giant Hershey's store...but there's a lot of interesting things in the store that you don't see in regular stores that sell Hershey's products.
The setup is similar...VERY similar to the M&M's store across the street (brah, you have a competitor now!
), except this store features a bakery and a photo booth instead of a movie screening and...I guess statues where you can take photos with.
Everything in this store is chocolate related, not surprisingly.
They even have a Hershey's statue of the Empire State Building and the Statue of Liberty, which is quite chocolate-ly delicious.
Even if you're not planning to buy something in this store, do at least pay a visit here just because it's something Vegas has (many people visit the M&M store across the street for the hell of it, why not here?

Located at the New York, New York Hotel & Casino.
It's a two level place access outside along Las Vegas Blvd.
or from inside the Casino.
They have hershey products along with Reese's and upstairs there are more Reese's stuff and they also have a section for Jolly Rancher, Twizzlers and Bubble Yum.
Overall a cool place doesn't  top the M&M's store across the way by the MGM but if you need your chocolate fixing then here you go.
They also have make your own Hersheys wrapper which was cool.
Def a place to check out if you visit this Casino/Hotel.

Meh.
A ton of overpriced Hershey souvenirs set amongst a variety of Hershey candy comparable to a grocery store.
They do have huge sculptures of the Empire State Building and the Statue of Liberty made out of chocolate, which are kinda cool, but other than that, nothing.
No interesting facts or history about Hershey.
One bonus is the bakery section.
Well, they're not actually making anything, so it's not a bakery, but a sweets shop I guess.
Whatever it is, it has some pretty good stuff.
We sampled the cookie and buttercream sandwich and the s'more.
Both were really good, even at $5+.
The coke world has this upstairs bar where you can sample different cokes from all over the world, which is super cool.
Hershey world, if you're reading this, how about adding something like that??

Very fun place to check out!
They have everything Hershey imaginable.
A very cool experience.
They have a dessert display and you can't help but want everything when you look.
They also have someone giving out different resses in the back!
White chocolate was my favorite.
Nice place to stop by :)

It has finally opened!!
It is on Two levels at the New York Casino.
They have candies and apparel etc with Hershey, Reese, Kisses, Twizzlers, Jolly Ranchers etc.
Best of all they have an area with baked goodies.
They have Cookies, Brownies, Fudge, Pretzels dipped etc.
We went on a Monday and it was very busy inside.
The staff was very friendly.
They are opened Mon-Sun 9am to 11PM.

I was hoping this place would be more like an interactive museum, but it's not.
It's just a two story shop with every Hershey and Hershey-related product you could imagine.
If you're looking for a photo op, you'll find a Statue of Liberty on the first floor and the Empire State Building on the second made out of chocolate and a store exterior that clearly takes its cue from Times Square.
There are plenty of products to satisfy any sweet tooth with the highlight being a large display of baked goods including pastries, cupcakes, brownies, cookies, fudge, and brownie and cookie sandwiches.
Kids (or anyone chocoholic) will get a kick out of looking around, but there isn't enough to keep your attention for more than half an hour.

Newly opened not too long ago and it's definitely a good addition to pair with M&Ms and Coca-Cola's stores.
I like the decor and how they have two floors for all their goodies.
They didnt sell anything special that I had to buy, but I did anyways because their small bags were adorable hah.
A nice place to stop by when youre on the strip!

I was envisioning an M&M World type place, but the Hershey store just doesn't quite measure up.
There's no free 3D movie or anything.
There's fewer floors.
And I didn't really see anything unique.
I was expecting to find some magical Hershey kiss I'd never heard of or something (like the raspberry M&Ms).
I was hoping for some free samples.
So yeah, it was kind of a letdown.
That said, however, the giant Statue of Liberty and Empire State Building made out of chocolate are neat to see.
And there are all kinds of gifts for purchase, like the world's largest Hershey kiss.
And the best part, the food counter where you can purchase crazy brownie, cookie, etc.
concoctions that are all kinds of chocolate goodness.
So it's worth it if you're a chocolate fan or in the area.
But it's really just a big gift shop.

I went there about two weeks ago.
It is perfect place for family with kids, similar to the M&M strore next door.
Bakery items looked delicious (didn't get a chance to taste them).
You can even design your hershey bar with your own picture printed on the chocolate cover.

