Grand opening was the 20th of May.
Stepped in today thinking it was a Brodards but gave it a shot anyways.
The place is new so it was clean, nice artwork, and a lot of employees lol.
Our server was a friendly older gentlemen.
He was pretty good!
He have us some suggestions before our meal and even advice on some things we may come back for.
Had the pork patty spring rolls to start.
With two to an order it was $5.
This was good!
I liked the dipping sauce as it wasn't overly strong.
What's the point of having fresh ingredients in a spring roll when your sauce over powers it?
My friend had the beef pho.
$7 The bowl was small, but there were a lot of noodles.
My friend said it was a bit sweeter than normal pho.
Also that's really well priced IMO.
I had the vermicelli noodle salad with grilled beef and egg roll.
The ingredients were fresh.
I was pretty disappointed in mine though overall.
The meat portion was a little skimpy as was the tiny cut up egg roll.
After mixing it around it tasted good, but nothing special.
Overall I had a good visit.
Didn't try more.
It was pretty average but I gave them a four because there was nothing necessarily bad I experienced and for the server.
Just want to say I'm huge on service.
We had our drinks refilled frequently and being friendly goes a long way.
I refuse to frequent restaurants like pho Kim long who don't seem to value their diners.
The friendliness went a long way.
Overall this was a solid Vietnamese restaurant that I enjoyed and will return to.
Is it the best?
No.
Will I rush to come back?
No.
One complaint is that IT WAS SO COLD!
It's May in Vegas so I appreciate the air conditioning but I really regretted not getting soup because of how cold they kept the place.

Brodards in Las Vegas!!
Nem Noung Bistro is a family branch of Brodards from OC!
Nem Noung Bistro is my new favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas!!!
Came here on Memorial day weekend and was pleasantly surprised!
My family has had a Vietnamese restaurant in the Bay Area for over 35 years so getting a good rating for Excellent Vietnamese food is as rare as winning the big jackpot in Las Vegas.
We order their specialty, Nem Nuong (Must Try!!
) and Banh Khot (So Good) , Beef Salad, Bun Thit Noung Cha Gio, and Rice Plate with everything under the sun on it.
The food was tasty and had the perfect flavoring.
My parents, who are Vietnamese food critics in their own right, kept saying how impressed they were and how happy they have found a new place they can frequent now that they will be spending more time in Vegas for Retirement.
The service was also very warm and friendly from everyone.
Two in particular that I really appreciated was a waiter by the name of Dang and Laura, who is the new owner.
I usually don't ask for names, especially at Vietnamese restaurants, but Dang always had a big sweet smile and I can feel that he wholeheartedly wanted to do a good job, which was more than I can say about some of the other places in town who ignored us most of the time.
Laura also always made sure the food was good and our waters were full.
They were also very apologetic that the food took a little longer than expected but I didn't feel that it took long at all.
I mean it's Memorial Day weekend with a million Vietnamese people in town wanting to all eat at the same time.
With 30+ years of working at my family's restaurant, I can empathize how hectic and stressful it must have been with a grand opening in the same weekend that Paris by Night show was going down.
I personally believe that Nem Noung Bistro ( Brodards) did it flawlessly and I will definitely will be going here every time I come to Vegas!
Nuff Said!

I Had the chicken Pho ...
I like the concept that the broth n noodles in one bowl and chicken in another w/ chilly ginger sauce for dipping.
Very interesting!!
Spring roll (Nem nuong) was good, but a bit pricey.

So first based on fact that this is in Vegas not that it's nem noung so for your cravings yeah!!!
The spring roll not as good I think the meat was less fresh or had been sitting longer prob cause not as busy   The banh koht was ok.
Somewhat crispy The grilled pork not so good I'm used to a bit sweet and salty this was just salty   And they didn't have small orders of pho soup.
Just wanted something for the diaghter but they were basically like small soup 5 dollars.
And lastly no easy way to get to

For years, many of my Southern California friends have been raving about the Brodard Restaurant in Orange County and how great their Nem Nuong is.
Luckily for Las Vegas locals, the owners decided to open a branch in China Town along Spring Mountain and named it after what they're famous for.
The restaurant was surprisingly packed for a Wednesday night considering they've only been opened for a week!
I knew this place was going to be a hit since we were the only two who didn't speak the language; everybody else appeared to be an expert of Vietnamese cuisine which they seemed to enjoy eating.
Started out with Nem Nuong Cuon (grilled pork sausage spring rolls seved with house special sauce).
These are certainly worth the hype and even one of the better ones I've had in the valley.
I like how they add fried egg roll wrappers which adds extra crunch and texture.
The dish also comes with a sauce unlike the typical peanut sauce served at any other Vietnamese joints.
These spring rolls are so good I asked her to stop by the next day for more!!
Banh Khot (rice cakes topped with whole shrimp, mung bean, and scallions) wrapped in lettuce with other accoutrements was actually quite tasty.
However, I prefer the pancake version, Banh Xeo, which are usually stuffed with slivers of pork, whole shrimp, green onions and bean sprouts.
Overall, Nem Nuong Bistro definitely serves up one of the best spring rolls in town!!
Will be coming back.

It's really good to see Brodard show up here.
Nem nuong is always good.
We tried a few more items that we didnt even try before in O.C., most of them are good.
5 star and no complain so far.

Just give them a try.
The foods very good, the services excellent, the just grand opening .
definitely be back again,

Must try the house specials Nem nuong rolls.
We tried the grilled pork and shrimp rolls.
Delicious and reasonably priced.
Banh Khot was good but was not large enough for an entree.
Perhaps they can give customers an option for larger size if you want to eat it as a meal instead of an appetizer.
Rice and pho dishes were good and authentic.
I don't recommend the Banh Xeo, since it took a long time to come out.
Also, it was skimpy on the meat in the crust, and could use a little bit more filling (mung beans and sprouts), and the dipping sauce was way too salty so you couldn't dip the Banh Xeo in the sauce too much.
The staff was professional, helpful, and friendly.
I'd come back again.

Great nem nuong, just like Brodard in Cali.
Service is also very good, always made sure my water was full.

My new favorite viet place in Vegas.
Just as good as Brodard's in Westminster.

Really great spring rolls but the banh Xeo and pho were just ok.

The nem noung tasted as I expected since there's little you can do to screw it up when making them.
They weren't tightly rolled but it still tasted good.
The dipping sauce was short on flavor, however, that's why I feel like the nem noung couldn't reach its full potential.
I order a bun tom thit noung that was decent.
It came out in a big bowl and had too much noodle for the amount of meat it had.
I felt it was very disproportional.
The food I had here today is 3/5.
The service was like any other Asian place.
They will seat you, take your order, and leave you for the remainder of your meal.
Not to say this is a bad thing if you want to be kept alone but I think the service needs to be proactive in meeting the needs of the customer.
I had to wave down the waiter after waiting 5 minutes when I was finishing eating.
And then, after leaving the check with us, they didn't come to check us out.
Even when I got the attention of two servers, they didn't bother to come.
Not coming here again.
Customer service is 1/5.
TL, DR: good nem noung, decent dipping sauce, average bun tom thit noung, service is horrible, not coming here again.

(TL;DR - Brodard's famous nem nuong cuon (Vietnamese grilled pork meatball sausage spring rolls) and crack sauce are now available in Vegas!!!
Great banh khot (mini luna pancakes with shrimp) and above average bun cha gio thit nuong (cold vermicelli rice noodles with egg rolls, grilled beef), and nuoc cham (sweet fish sauce).
Price is pretty steep (I think it was about $5 for 2 spring rolls), but it sure beats driving 4 hours to Brodard so I'll take it!!
)  I think I can speak on behalf of a lot of my foodie friends, when I say - OMG!
They have Brodard here now!
With the crack sauce and errrrythang!
Sitting pretty in the heart of China Town, right next door to Beauty to Beauty Salon and in the same strip mall as Joyful House Chinese restaurant, you'll see a large Grand Opening/ Vietnamese French Cuisine banner for them (they don't have their official signage yet).
Alright, so you might be wondering why am I so freaking excited that this restaurant is in town...We just moved here from Southern California and Brodard in Garden Grove was the dominating force in (Vietnamese) spring rolls.
Their (crack) sauce is the most talked about sauce in Orange County!
(I eat it like soup, it's that good...) Turns out that Nem Nuong Bistro gets shipped the real deal nem nuong (pork patties) and (crack) sauce from Brodard weekly!
What a relief!
One of the brothers from the wildly popular Brodard in Garden Grove owns Nem Nuong Bistro.
So the rumors are true, they're offering up the same spring rolls as Brodard in CA!
Well, almost the same -- They put more of the crispy fried eggroll wrapper in their rolls and a little less nem nuong meat compared to Brodard (to cut costs?
), but you really can't tell the difference.
It's still bomb as fuuuuuh.
The sauce is exactly the same!
Rocked my face off!
Damn good.
The rest of the dishes are still being ironed out and are not identical to Brodard, but that's more than ok with me - I thought they did a great job and my compliments to the chef!
We also tried their banh khot appetizer (mini luna pancakes with shrimp lettuce wraps.
) The luna cakes were crispy on the bottom and had great turmeric flavor.
They were extremely addicting.
We shared the bun cha gio thit nuong (cold vermicelli noodles topped with grilled beef, egg rolls, veggies, peanuts, and served with nuoc cham (sweet fish sauce).
It's the perfect summer dish for Nevada's scorching hot weather!
I'm typically very picky with this dish since I'm Vietnamese and cook it all the time, but I found their version to be delicious, refreshing, and I scarfed it down.
They gave plentiful moist grilled beef, though the egg rolls were heavy on the wrapper, it was still better than most.
They also gave a heaping amount of noodles - there was an excess of noodles at the end.
The restaurant is new, clean, with modern asian decor.
They have only been open for 5 weeks and they are already running out of those spring rolls!
When we ate here, they were down to their last rolls, so we were limited on how many rolls we could order - we were only able to snag 2 rolls total.
(Yup, they are that sought out!
)   Also, amazing service from start to finish!
Our server Lam is a great guy!
Very respectful, friendly, efficient and all around stand-up guy.
Felt like we knew him for years!
Nem Nuong Bistro, a new China Town hot spot for sure!

I always look for new places to fulfill my cha giao cravings, and this new bistro has great cha giao and spring rolls.
The menu looks pretty good, incorporating some french desserts in the mix, and some other dishes I haven't seen in other Vietnamese restaurants.
We have a favorite restaurant in Westminster, CA, called Dat Thanh, and when we cannot make it to Cali, we're going to head here for some rolls.

My friends love Brodard in SoCal.
They rave about their nem nuong cuon and what nots.
However, when I went to SoCal with them to try it, I wasn't impressed.
It didn't tickle my taste buds.
So when I heard a Brodards was opening up in Vegas, I was just curious so my friend and I decided to try this place.
Yuuuuup, even less impressed.
My friend and I decided to share an order of their nem nuong cuon ($4.95) and a com tam bi cha suon nuong ($11.95), which is a rice plate with shredded pork, egg, pork chop, shrimp, and deep fried shrimp cake.
For a lack of a better word, it was a little on the bland side.
The nem nuong cuon itself was okay.
It did remind me of the ones in SoCal but the sauce was a no go.
Their sauce lacked flavor.
But I guess I'm not the best person to ask.
I never enjoyed Brodard's nem nuong cuon either.
Sooo yeah...  As for the rice plate, the deep fried shrimp cake was done very well.
However, the pork chop was very bland.
The flavors from this plate, all together, was very underwhelming.
The service was okay for the most part.
I went during my lunch break so I only had a limited amount of time.
I told the server from the start if she could speed things up cause I'm on my lunch break ......and it definitely got sped up.
Overall though, I'm not sure if I'd return.
It was okay but not special enough for me to want to go back and try anything else.

I was super excited to hear that Brodard's was opening in Vegas.
Their most popular item is the nem nuong cuon which is delicious, especially paired with their special made sauce.
When it opened, it was reported to be a "sister" location of Brodard, hence the different name.
Being a fan of viet foods, that means it bringing the other types of various viet cuisine aside from the usual pho.
My friend and I came here on her lunch break (30 minutes).
We were quickly seated and ordered.
We told the waitress we were on a time crunch and needed it to be fast!
Luckily, they did speed it up and we received our food, ate, and paid fairly quickly.
We had shared an order of nem nuong cuon and a com tam bi cha suon nuong   Nem Nuong Cuon (grilled pork sausage spring roll) - $4.95 for 2 rolls - when i saw the price, i was a bit surprised.
If i remembered correctly, it was about $1.50/roll at Brodards.
Ok, maybe it was a transporting fee, or something.
When the rolls came out, it seemed smaller.
Ok.
Took a bite.
It seemed similar but seemed like something was missing.
When i tried the sauce, i was surprised how HOT the sauce was.
I definitely dont recall the sauce being hot.
Luke warm to warm at most.
Ok. Maybe they just made the sauce.
The sauce tastes completely different.
It was really underwhelming.
It didnt have those mysterious tangy bright flavors the sauce at Brodard had.
Overall, quite disappointing.
May  Com tam bi cha suon nuong - (broken rice plate with shredded pork, egg meatloaf, pork chop, shrimp, and deep fried shrimp cake wrapped in soybean curd) - $11.95 - Overall, was a decent size.
This kind of fed two people.
So portion size, pretty good.
The pork chop and shrimp were a bit underwhelming.
Need more seasoning.
The deep fried shrimp cake wrapped in soybean curd is pretty good.
Freshly fried so soybean curd skin was nice and crispy while the shrimp cake was still moist and hot.
Egg meatloaf is pretty good.
one of my favorite viet foods.
Overall, food was ok. Maybe i was too hyped for this place and was a bit disappointed when i experienced it.
Service overall was decent.
Got things to us in a good timely manner.
Maybe give them a few months to get up to speed and maybe change it up a bit.
Hope for the better.
Would really love to have a different viet restaurant to go to =P

Nem nuong is great.
Just like the one in OC.
SErvice is wonderful.
Been here a few times.
The first time we came they messed up our order, but it wasn't a big deal, a few ppl came to apologize, hence the good customer service.
They offered to change our order to make it right but we told them it was no big deal.
Lots of servers but I think they need more cooks in the back bc the wait is a bit long each time we are here.
But overall, good food and service.
Would recommend this to everyone.

I've never been to Brodard's, so I have no comparison.
However, the nem nuong cuon deserves 4 stars on its own.
The pork sausage with crispy fried egg roll shell inside makes these rolls stand out from the typical shrimp spring rolls.
The added texture of the crispy fried egg roll shells inside paired with the warm shrimp flavors of the sauce make this quite the tasty appetizer!
I could probably eat two orders of these as a meal even!
Onto to the rest of the menu, I also ordered #37 which has grilled pork/shrimp, fried shrimp cake, shredded pork skin, and egg cake.
The price seemed a little more expensive than other Vietnamese restaurants, but the portion was huge and I couldn't even finish half of it.
In addition, they serve the rice dish with a bowl of broth with a quail egg inside.
If this is similar to the broth they use for the pho, then it definitely has a clean taste to the palate and I ended up drinking the whole bowl.
Normally, I don't drink the broth served with the rice dishes since it often seems very bland.
The service was also stellar, we were brought our food quickly and they refilled our waters several times without us having to flag someone down.
The downside of this restaurant is the limited pho/soup options (2 on the menu) and no bun bo hue (my fav!).
Also, chicken lovers....they don't have grilled chicken as an option for vermicelli bowls or rice plates.
Most likely I will make this my summer Vietnamese spot and order copious amounts of nem nuong cuon at my next visit!

The food is so delicious!
Pho was amazing, and their other dishes are equally as perfect.
I got sauteed filled mignon with tomato fried rice.
The meat was marinated so well and still so tender.
I wrapped some meat, rice, grilled onions and mushrooms into spinach leaves for an awesome single bite.

