Have eaten here twice since it opened, and it is our new favorite Thai restaurant in Madison!
The location is ideal in the neighborhood, and the staff is the most friendly you'll find in town.
The fresh rolls and cigar rolls are both excellent appetizer options.
My favorite dish is the Spicy Roasted Tofu with Basil on the vegetarian part of the menu.
The tofu is seasoned to the point that it tastes like actual meat, and it is perfectly spicy without being too hot.
We have also tried the Pad Thai and Pad See Eaw and both are great, as well.
Try this place out, you won't regret it.
I really hope they stick around!

First visit was on Sunday, June 8, at around 7:00pm after an afternoon spent at a neighborhood festival.
To be brutally honest, I've had to slightly inflate a rating or two from time-to-time, based on several considerations.
Madison isn't exactly a hotbed for incredible Asian-themed foods, so I've sometimes graded on a curve.
Or, the craving for good Asian food was so overwhelming that I was willing to overlook a less than perfect visit and rate it a little higher...
However, Monsoon Siam deserves every one of these five stars - no curve, no exaggeration.
It is SOLID.
Like others who've reviewed this before me, I wish I could do more to rate this place higher.
It's truly a 5+ food experience.
+ Clean space; tables placed closely together, but not too close to be uncomfortable + Small, open kitchen - you can see the chefs working on your meal + Mouth-watering aromas from the open kitchen - all of that Thai goodness!
+ What a wonderful staff; so welcoming, so sincere, and working incredibly hard to ensure a great experience.
+ Menu isn't overwhelming - it focuses on Thai food and that's it.
You're not going to pick-up a menu that's a dozen pages long and get lost in it like you will at some other places.
+ Papaya salad with skewered shrimp.
WOWGASM.
I'm a sucker for papaya salad, but this one blew my mind.
Sweet, tangy, spicy - all bundled up and served in a crispy fresh citrusy salad with two of the most perfectly prepared shrimp I've ever experienced.
+ Chicken Ka Pow - rated at 3-stars, they aren't joking around with the spice.
The plate was loaded with Thai chiles, which were more than capable of (and happy to) provide the mouth with an uppercut of heat.
I love spicy, and this dish delivered.
My nose was running with a blissful burn, yet the nuances of the dish weren't lost in the heat - the flavor profiles were completely in-tact.
The all-white, super tender chicken; the crunchy red bell pepper; the aromatic and slightly sweet roasted garlic... all there.
All balanced.
All delicious.
+ Shrimp dish with Napa cabbage, glass noodles, and mushrooms... forgive me for not recalling the name of this dish, but my mind was so full of endorphins, that I'm lucky I didn't walk into a pole on my way out of the place.
I was on cloud nine (and ten)... once again, the shrimp were phenomenal.
The base sauce was slightly sweet, with a touch of anise undertone.
Adding a spritz of fresh lime really made the dish sing.
Outstanding.
+ Reasonably priced; appetizer, two entrees, and a Thai iced-tea came to just over $30.
I was A-OK with that.
For a place that just opened a few weeks ago, things seem to be moving very smooth.
We had one minor hiccup with the service; a beer was forgotten, but it wasn't a big deal at all.
They kept our waters full the entire meal, and I barely noticed the misstep.
Forget about any of the other Thai places in town - this place is legit.
Real flavor, real spice, great service - it's fantastic.
Oh - of quick note: limited bar selection at this point as they are in the process of obtaining their liquor license.
There were a few bottled beer selections; not sure about wine.
Go.
Or carryout.
Or both.
Just go!

Don't let the mini-mall exterior fool you, Monsoon Siam is a real treat.
Yellow curry with beef and potatoes - inexpensive and phenomenal.
Food presentation was fun and everyone ate in silence for half a plate.
Looking forward to returning to try many other dishes.
Service was super slow but it was worth the wait.

I ate here once days after it opened.
I was tempted to write a review but decided to try it one more time.
I ate here again and again, now a total of 4 times in 2 weeks.
I feel adequately prepared to say that this place blows me away.
I have never eaten Thai cuisine so expertly prepared and beautifully presented.
I harken back to the first time I ate at Lao Laan Xang on Willy St about 18 years ago.
The subtle flavors of lemon grass, coconut milk and galanga were amazing and so new to my palate.
Southeast Asian food continues to be my favorite but the general quality of  the food seems to have declined in the past few years.
No matter where you go the menu looks the same and presentation is an after-thought.
My old favorite haunt has become tired and uninspired.
Monsoon Siam is a different animal.
The dishes are new and exciting.
I have never seen tofu so expertly prepared.
Some dishes are bold and bright, like the Spicy Roasted Tofu with Basil or the Panang Curry.
Some dishes are delicate and sexy like the Asparagus Delight with a light flavorful sauce highlighting perfectly cooked asparagus and shrimp and the Rama Tofu which is a gorgeous sight to behold.
The tofu is deep fried, placed on a bed of steamed broccoli and topped with crispy fried onions.
The dish has a luscious peanut sauce which enhances but does not overpower the tofu.
I have sampled the tofu soup, simple yet delicious, as well as the Papaya Salad.
The salad was lovely, light and spicy just to the right level for my somewhat timid partner.
To be fair, I love the Papaya Salad/Chicken dish at LLX  but the presentation is sorely lacking.
Monsoon Siam is right across the street from Lao Laan Xang.
There is plenty of room for two great Southeast Asian restaurants.
I hope LLX will be moved to create some new dishes, throw away the tired menu and spruce up their aging home.
They still are very busy and have a loyal following.
But the gauntlet has been thrown by newcomer Monsoon Siam.
For now I declare the new kid on the block a winner!

I thought this day would never come, but clean, fresh Thai food has finally come to Madison and I am greatly looking forward to eating my way through the Monsoon Siam menu.
Spicy basil fried rice (a/k/a Kao Pad Ka Pow which may be one of the most fun to say food names ever!
) is one of my favorite things in the world, and I am pleased to report that Monsoon Siam's is delicious and by far the best I've had since moving to Madison 8 years ago.
Everything I have tried so far has been delicious, the drunken noodle being second runner up to my beloved fried rice.
There are always too many things I'd rather eat than curry so I haven't tried any, but my lunchtime companions have all raved about the curries.

Second visit was worthy of 5-stars, and that was with sampling a large portion of the menu, thanks to Matt's UYE.
+ Sun-dried beef appetizer was *to DIE for* - wow.
So good.
My new favorite.
+ Won tons with crabmeat, pork and water chestnuts - zoikes!!!
Outstanding.
+ Papaya salad - once again, a home run.
Fresh, tangy, and a touch of heat.
- Spring rolls were nicely fried, but when compared to the other apps, they came up a bit short.
Still good, just not astronomically good like the other options were.
+ Chicken Pad Thai ranks with the best of them.
Delicious, balanced, and super high quality ingredients.
+ Crying Tiger dish was excellent.
This place knows how to prep a mean beef dish.
+ Green Cury - OMG.
Love.
Lots of heat, lots of flavor.
I will order this next time.
+ Fried tilapia with black bean sauce -- seriously?!!!
How can fish taste this awesome?
Garlic, salt, mushrooms...
It all worked so well.
Pro tip: request the Thai condiments (assortment of peppers; dried and pickled) - it's sure to add more than enough heat to your dish!!
Prices were more than fair given the quality and quantity.
This place is so awesome and so legit.
Please go and enjoy.
Staff is wonderful, welcoming and very sincere and genuine.
If they're busy, be a little patient - you'll be rewarded with outstanding food and grateful servers!

Looking over my other reviews, it seems I really only review a place if I love it or hate it...
I guess I just can't get it up to review unless I'm swooning or pissed.
So, I feel just compelled to review this place, despite the plethora of 5-stars they've received in their short time here.
I also have the urge (despite my annoyance at myself) to relate that is likely the most "authentic" (cringe) Thai food I've eaten in Madison, despite the prevalence of Lao-Thai-Vietnamese food all over town.
The waitstaff made a point of letting us know that it's the only Thai-owned restaurant in the area (with so much Lao food here, which we love, I don't doubt it).
It definitely conjures up flavor memories of traveling in Thailand, the same way other places bring back memories of Laos, and that's all I'll say about that...  We've eaten from Monsoon Siam twice now, once in the restaurant (they must have been just recently opened as we were the only people there) and once getting take-out.
The food was excellent both times... so far we've had: fried spring rolls, the ka pow crispy squid, massaman curry, the pad thai, pad fresh ginger, drunken noodles, papaya salad (best in town!
),  Everything was fresh, well-presented, and amazing.
The fried squid was a standout, with a fairly light fried texture and spicy-sweet coating.
If I had any gripes, it would be that take-out is just under the amount needed to really pig out multiple times, but 2 meals provided enough for dinner and lunch for 2 people, so what am I talking about?
The waitstaff was super nice both times (even when I was just picking up), but more important they were ON IT and damn EFFICIENT.
I don't know if they brought any staff up from NC (except for the owner-chef) when they opened this branch, but these people know how to run a restaurant.
We'll continue to visit our favorite Lao-Thai places (Sala Thai 4eva!
) in town but the addition of Monsoon Siam to the roster has taken it up a notch.

Hello Hello hello.... A new Thai restaurant in town!
How ecstatic I was upon hearing this good news from my Thai friend who recommended this place to me almost a month ago: "Try it, Nelly!
You'll love it.
I can say the food is authentic.
" I had no doubt about her suggestion, the only thing stopped me from coming earlier to this place was my schedule!
It sucked!
Weeks after that, Yelp brought my attention that we have a new Thai restaurants in town.
I was surprised that Yelpers have reviewed it.
Wow.
So quick.
Reading one of the elites' reviews, I couldn't hold it any longer: I had to give this place a try.
It was yesterday, after a long day and Madison was still raining, hubby and I drove to the east part of Madison.
While we're familiar with the area, we happened to miss it.
It's smaller compared to other Thai restaurant in town.
We passed it so we had to make a turn to be finally able to find it!
We parked at the back of the building- very convenient.
We ordered the sun-dried beef, which was GOOD.
It reminded me of an Indonesian dish which is very similar.
My tongue can recognize the taste right away.
As the main dishes, we ordered chicken green curry and drunken noodles.
We were happy!
The sticky rice and mango was another goodie.
It was coming in a decent portion- not too big, but the taste had it all!
Try their hot Thai too!
It comes in a big pot and tastes fresh!

The first time I went I was impressed, the second time it was closed when Yelp indicated it was open (Sunday it is closed between 15:00-17:00).
Still I plan to return because I think there is a lot of potential here.
Third time is a charm, I got in for lunch tried two new dishes and the papaya salad all were great.
If you are going exclusively for Thai in my opinion this might just be the best Thai place in town

Very good Thai food here.
I tried some of the apps and then had the green curry.
Papaya salad and the sun dried beef were the appetizers that stood out.
Papaya salad was fresh and tangy and just spicy enough without being overwhelming.
I Was surprised by the lack of fish sauce, which instead I have seen in many traditional Thai places (including in Thailand).
I have to say, I like this departure from tradition.
Makes the salad more palatable for me.
Sun died beef was just good food.
Chewy and sweet and salty and generally good.
The green curry was delicious!
Layer on layer of flavor and a spiciness that slowly builds up, while not overpowering the aromatic flavor of the Thai basil.
I would recommend extra rice and a friend to share the pretty generous serving of curry.
My only complaint is that they did not have any Asian/Thai beer, only craft US bier.
I realize this might be a plus to many, but craft beer to me are just not that good: way too heavy and often very flat.
Service was very friendly: both the chef and the manager are very cheerful and their passion for the food shines through when they talk to customers.
Will be back for more thai!

More love for Monsoon Siam!
The food was delicious, and the waitstaff was kind and attentive, without being overly so.
You could tell this was the kind of place that the owner and employees were proud of.
And with good reason!
Most of the food we had was great, but the real stand outs were definitely the papaya salad (as others have said!
) and the khao soi, which might be my favorite one-dish meal ever (the only other place in town I've been able to get it is Sa-Bai Thong, and there you have to know to request it, as it's not on the regular menu).
Our table also ordered the spicy eggplant (good, but not amazing), the pad ginger (lots of good ginger flavor!
), and the lemongrass chili tofu (beautiful presentation, but the tofu texture was lacking--really the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5).
Oh, and we also had a baby with us, who was treated kindly, even amid some fussing.
We will be back!

Love it!!
So glad I visited with my girls, thanks to recommendations from fellow yelpers!!!
Decent clean setup, with booths and tables that can cater to larger groups of 10.
Surprisingly it was rather busy on a weekday!
The servers and cooks seem to be Thai, so food is authentic.
Service was overall attentive, but our server forgot our Thai iced tea and insisted on bringing us after we cancelled it later on.
Food: Sun dried beef - nice marinate and great meat.
Not sure I would say its as good as other yelpers have made it sound like but I definitely would order it again Pad see ew - love the fat thick noodles.
Sauce is a little bit sweet just like it should be!!
Pad Thai - pad Thai was decent.
According to my friends, it is better than sa bai thong!
Quality and price.
Will be back!
They also do take out, which is another option for people in a hurry

We ordered take out and was very pleased.
Their green chicken curry was AWESOME.
Be ware, it has a MAJOR kick!!
Holy spicy, my tongue and lips are on fire.
But so good you just cannot stop.
We also got the shrimp fried rice which was also good but the green curry sticks out most so I will have to try another curry next time.
Delicious!
The curry is 5 stars for sure!!!

Monsoon Siam is taking the Madison dining scene by storm, raining down a variety of authentic Thai treats on area diners.
My initial visit to this new East Side eatery left a favorable first impression, with its friendly service and well composed Asian cuisine made with fresh ingredients.
While only open for a couple of months, the restaurant has quickly hit its stride, as the chef (Pooh Wonglaka) operated a Thai restaurant in Charlottesville, VA before moving to Madison.
I'm not Thai, so I can't speak for whether the cuisine is authentic or not, but I can state the plates I tried during my visit were well composed, masterfully marrying the flavors of the fresh ingredients in a healthy, balanced manner.
Our group of six had a 7PM reservation on a Monday evening.
When we arrived, the restaurant had a handful of patrons.
Within 15 minutes, an influx of Thai speaking diners flooded the restaurant to near capacity.
Despite the crush of customers, our effervescent server (Kitty Ashi, the co-owner of the Charlottesville restaurant), visited our table often, making sure none of us ever went thirsty and clearing dirty plates as our group worked our way through the menu.
While there was some confusion with some drink orders, our group appreciated the option of getting separate checks.
I noticed that Kitty spent the entire night conversing with all the patrons, making sure that they felt right at home during their stay.
The restaurant is relatively small, with a lot of tables densely packed together.
Despite that, the it was not difficult to converse with my table mates.
The open kitchen allowed us to watch our food being prepared.
The restaurant also gets high marks for cleanliness.
Here are some of the highlights of the evening: * The papaya salad and the sun-dried beef appetizers were exceptional.
The papaya salad expertly balanced the slightly tart flavor of the green papaya with the spiciness of red chili, the saltiness of the fish sauce and the bright citrus flavor of the lime juice.
The curing process intensified the beefy richness of the sun-dried beef.
The meat is then deep-fried, but there is enough moisture left in the beef to optimize the interior chewiness - exterior crunchiness quotient.
* The deep-fried tilapia served with garlic chili sauce was another exceptional dish.
Again, the kitchen nailed the texture equation, masterfully balancing the flaky interior with the well-seasoned exterior crust.
Complimenting the fish was a well-composed sauce, perfectly melding the flavors of the garlic and chilies.
* The green curry continued on the theme of balance, masterfully layering the warmth of the curry with the aromatic Thai basil.
It's easily one of the best curries I've had in Madison.
* The delectable drunken noodles (wide rice noodles stir-fried with string beans, bamboo shoots, tomatoes, basil, red peppers, and chili, in a spicy garlic sauce) were also a pleasure to eat.
Things I liked, but not loved: * After the papaya salad set the appetizer bar extremely high, the bland vegetable spring rolls were a disappointment.
While well prepared, they didn't offer that same explosion of flavors provided by our other dishes.
* The same can be said about the Crying Tiger entrée (Marinated flank steak, pan grilled, sliced, and served with a spicy dipping sauce).
After enjoying the intense Asian flavors of the sun-dried beef, this dish paled in comparison.
Since flank steak is toothsome to start with, it really needed to be thinly sliced to help combat the chewiness of this cut of beef.
* Due to the heat of the June evening we visited Monsoon Siam, the beer taps were not working, leaving us with a very limited beer selection.
In the month since my visit, the restaurant now has a full liquor license and now has a comprehensive list of cocktails and wines to enhance the dining experience.
These small flaws did little to rain on our dining parade.
If you are looking for well-executed Asian cuisine using fresh ingredients, Monsoon Siam should be near the top of your list.

