I loved the Frost in Gilbert while I lived there for a year, but I've been struggling to find a new gelato place since I moved to the Scottsdale area 4 months ago.
This will once again be the ONLY gelato place I go to.
The staff was wonderful and the gelato is heavenly!

I don't have much of a sweet tooth, and prefer to have ice cream over gelato or sorbet.
But this place is pretty damned good.
They have so many flavors and don't mind if you take your time trying out as many as you'd like.
I was overwhelmed by the array of options.
Service was wonderful for their first day.
My friends and I were sitting outside after our order.
Staff even came out to offer us water and more samples of their gelato.
What kind of dessert place does that?
FROST does.
And it helps that portion sizes are pretty generous.

Yum!!
Service is great,  staff is very helpful.
A wide variety of flavors.
This place took over the spot of Mojo, it feels more open even in the small space.
You have to try it out!

The gelato here is plain delicious---I would schlep 40 miles to the one In Gilbert to get some of this creamy deliciousness, so naturally I was thrilled when Frost opened at the Biltmore.
Speaking from experience, you won't leave with the same heavy feeling eating a bowl of regular ice cream will sometimes give you.
You can also sample as many flavors as you want!
I went with the straciatella and gianduja.
If you like Nutella try the gianduja.
Rich and delicious.
I did have a little trouble finding it...it's facing Camelback and is next to True Food.
FYI...they don't have a public restroom.

My first FROST experience was yesterday during a mid day shopping experience.
Perfect day to have a refreshing treat to help beat the heat.
I'm a huge fan of Gelato Spot matter of fact that is the only Gelato I like.
Tempted to try something new I'm glad I did.
The flavoring off all the flavors I sampled were amazing.
Tempting to only want to try them all based on all the delightful colors neatly displayed it is hard to resist.
I settled on my favorite Raspberry.
I was offered a free regular cone topped with a small wafer cookie.
It hit the spot.
They do also offer freshly made in house waffle cones to purchase.
The staff was a great crew.
All smiles and friendly the moment you walked through the door.
I was even asked if I wanted some water while sitting down enjoying my new favorite treat.
You can dine in or outside the establishment.

Love Frost in Gilbert.
Almost fainted when I found out Frost opened a location in the Biltmore which is MUCH closer to me.
The Biltmore can be a pain to walk around when it's 110+ outside, so if you're only there to grab a scoop and go, it's located off Camelback a few stores from Zinburger.
Texture is so creamy and smooth.
Flavors are so delicious.
I always love stracciatella, but amaretto and panna cotta are also great.
Cappuccino and salted caramel are also fantastic.
Strawberry sorbetto and kiwi sorbetto are delish and good for the days I'm feeling calorie conscious.
I like that the people working there walk around offering glasses of water and additional samples.
It just makes the entire experience all the more fun.

I went into this space when it was Mojo's.
It's completely reformed.
It's very airy and inviting.
The staff is way friendly and knowledgable of their offerings.
Whatever flavor you thought you wanted prior to entering would definitely change once you start sampling their many flavors.
Staff even brings around water if you are eating inside/outside.
Prices are reasonable too!!!
I'm a fan.
:-)

Go here NOW.
Beyond beautiful presentation.
The flavors are plentiful and diverse.
The pricing is spot on and fair.
Absolutely a must stop if you are in a 20 mile radius.
The shop is clean and trendy.
10 stars would be appropriate.

