Awesome service & food and drinks!!

Very impressed by the quality of the service, food, atmosphere and selection of wine.
I will definitely be returning to this place and referring my friends.
I must recommend the rib eye sautéed, absolutely the best steak I have ever had!

Just re-opened as Charcoal Room.
Great decor and very good wait staff.
Steak was tender, salads very fresh, and the seafood was excellent.
The only downside is the menu.
They do not have items other Charcoal Rooms have.
Would like to see beet salad, veal chops, halibut,  and more desserts like lemon cake, donuts.

Good stuff; I wouldn't expect a good steakhouse inside Palace Station, but we heard about this place and it was good!
We had a 6pm reservation and got there early.
The place was surprisingly empty (maybe 10 people in a place that could hold 50 easily), so we were seated where we wanted as soon as we arrived.
Our waiter Billy was good (wine knowledge was a little shaky, but...), and his "assistant," Harrison was on it.
I was glad I had some knowledge of wine and picked a great one for a reasonable price.
Our water was always filled, our appetizer and entrees came out on schedule, and everyone was friendly.
My g/f got scallops ($19 for 6 big ones!!
), and I had a killer porterhouse.
The lobster tail was expensive but tasty...just not $30 extra worth of tasty.
We got good sides for decent prices - sweet potato, baked potato, sauteed mushrooms - all $6 ea.
We were too full for dessert but it was a good meal.
With tip though... $220 for two.

3.5 Stars.
Came here by chance.
Mission was for The Oyster Bar but the wait was so long and I had several beastie drunk friends getting the munchies so we just went next door to The Charcoal Room.
Staff was great.
Friendly and helpful.
We didn't  have anything I was say that was bad.
I mean, some were better than the next but all were not too shabby.
Started with Crab Stuffed Clams and Oyster Rockefeller.
Clams were really rich.
Too rich I had to eat it with the complimentary bread.
Much more enjoyable with the bread.
Oysters were alright... Not much into cooked oysters.
The King Cut Prime Rib and Creamed Corn was delicious!
Tender indeed!
Those 2 items were my favorite.
Filet Mignon, Roasted Chicken and Lobster Tail were all a tad bit dry.
Not too shabby though.
Final thought...
Overall a good dining experience.
Good service, good food, decent prices.
Would definitely come back for the Prime Rib and Creamed Corn.

Last night I went there to try for the first time.
The restaurant itself looks amazing and has an incredible staff.
They are very friendly and helpful with any questions or help.
I started my meal with the lobster chowder and it was the best I have ever had, like a hidden secret a must try.
Next came the bone in ribeye sided with Alaskan king crab legs, sautéed mushrooms and sautéed asparagus.
The steak was cooked perfect with a very nice sauce to compliment it.
But I was told they marinade the steaks for 48 hours, although nice and tender and very good with the sauce.
There was very little flavor otherwise.
The crab legs was a very pleasant change how they cut the legs in half, this made it very easy to handle and eat.
With all said I was most disappointed in the sautéed mushrooms and asparagus.
First the mushrooms had no flavor at all, then my fist bit of the asparagus was cooked perfect and tons of flavor how ever my second and third was depressingly stone cold and not cooked .
Overall I highly suggest eating here even though a little pricey the experience alone you will never forget.

