So a Five Guys opened recently near my place of work, I had been to a Five Guys only once before and wasn't too impressed but I was willing to give it another try since most of the girls I work with love it.
We placed our order on line and prepaid before we left so we'd have more time to eat and chat than stand around waiting.
Well it didn't work out that simply.
The girl at the counter was giving us the total we needed to pay,  had to explain that we already had, we were just here to pick it up.
It took some effort to get our cups from her then after wewalked away, called us back over to give us receipts with numbers that we should listen for to be called.
5 minutes later, no food, so we asked the guy that was handing out the food, apparently our food was sitting back there all this time...how were we suppose to know!?
The food was okay, like my first experience, nothing special, it's a no frills burger with out much taste.
Same with the fries, I prefer my fries to be crispier.
The friend I was with got the wrong topping on her burger than what she ordered, she also got it without the bun and it wasn't wrapped very well so it was a bit difficult to eat, she said she'll opt for the burger in a bowl next time.
Staff was nice and even brought us extra fries for our troubles.
The place was very busy, but it was kept clean as well.
Love the multi-option soda machine and the peanuts.
Five Guys isn't really my favorite, so I won't be visiting much.

I am thrilled to finally have a five guys only minutes away from home.
This was only the third time I have ever been to a five guys.
My experience at this new location was great, the food was as good as I remembered it to be.
The employees were super friendly and the place was clean as clean could be.
I will definitely be frequent customer at this fine fast food restaurant.

Yay!!!
I no longer have to drive 15 minutes away for my five guys cravings.
Like any other five guys this location was no different same look an decor inside and the food was great as always.
I love the Cajun fries and grilled jalapeños in my burger.

Love this new addition to Henderson!
Food was awesome and the service was great and friendly!!

Great burgers , French fries and walking distance.
To my house !
A  great addition .
Some of the staff I recognize from other stores .
Good food and Service .

