Love the fact it's like a new car smell here.
Great staff, good food.
I will be back.
Had the lemon pepper wings and honey mustard.
Had the right kind of coating.
Love the loaded fries.
Every one stop by.. drinks on me!

Finally a Miller's in Henderson.
Great place to eat, watch your favorite sports game.
$8 pitchers of Budwiser, can't beat that.
Highly recommend you visit this place.

Brand spankin new nestled in the heart of Henderson.
With specials everyday from rack of ribs, chicken Marsala, prime rib to ribeye steaks.
Match it with your favorite brew or a refreshing cocktail..win win situation all around.
Flat screens in every angle possible oh and good service.
hopefully it stays like this and not because they just opened.
Ps.Tuesdays- Kids eat free and $5 Zingers!

5 stars down the board.
I've actually never heard of this place.
After an intense gym session, Nieves D. suggested Millers Ale house.
You had me at Ale!
I guess they just opened a Henderson location.
The old one is at Town Square.
Upon arriving, it was packed!
But this place is very spacious with loads of parking.
We found Carl I. and Baby TJ finishing up their meal and joined them.
32oz pitcher for $10, you can choose from white/red sangria, loaded Arnold Palmer, margarita, electric blue LIT or mojito.
The pitcher wasn't as big as I imagined but it was actually perfect for just us two.
The drinks on the menu are pretty cheap though.
They have daily specials so I ordered Thursdays special which was the Prime Rib for $12.95.
Comes with 1 side so I got loaded French fries.
Prime rib was pretty darn delicious.
Cooked to perfection and just the right amount to feed my hungry muscles.
We also ordered calamari due to Nieves D's obsession.
It was drizzled with sweet chili sauce.
It was really good.
It wasn't over cooked and rubbery which usually happens with calamari.
Service was on point.
Our server today was Brittney.
She had loads of personality and very helpful.
A little on the chatty side but she was extra funny.
Overall, cheap foods, good food, cheap drinks, good drinks, great experience will be returning as soon as possible.

Millers Ale House earns 5 stars.
Food is excellent, staff is excellent, our waitress Tara explained everything and a was there whenever we needed something.
We even took food to go because it was so good.
We also loved the decor, 5 stars to whoever designed this place.
We are definitely going back, glad they are here in Henderson.

I've heard of this place at Town Square, but never been and when I saw they opened in Henderson near my house I figured I should check them out.
Fantastic food!
My husband got the seafood mix, it had lobster tail, crab legs, potatoes, oysters, etc and he loved it.
I stayed safe and got the Bistro burger, it was huge and delicious.
I was pleasantly surprised by the side salad!
It was large portion and delicious...not just lettuce and croutons thrown in a bowl like most restaurants do.
We will definitely be back for more!

I was happy to see a new restaurant open along Stephanie.
The hubby and I stopped in for lunch to try them out.
We were greeted and seated immediately.
The girls at the front hostess desk were very nice and were very welcoming.
As we were walking to our table, I noticed the amount of tv's mounted along the walls and around the bar area.
This is a great place to watch a game or any huge televised event.
The dining area is huge with tons of seating.
It was very clean and open.
So far so good!
Our waitress, Dee, did an amazing job waiting on us.
Our drinks were always filled and she did it with a smile.
Our food was bought out in a timely manner so no complaints there!
We started off with the Fiesta Nachos.
Wonderful!
They were piled high with cheese, jalapeños, meat, sour cream and guacamole.
I'd get them again.
I went with one of their lunch specials ~ the BLT wrap with fries for $4.99.
Great deal!
I paid the extra .99 for sweet potato fries since I love them.
The wrap had a good balance of bacon, lettuce and tomato.
Sweet potato fries?
Yum.
They are served with a cinnamon butter~ Can't go wrong with that!
I tried a bite of my husbands steak sandwich.
Oh so perfect.
Great food for us all around.
Miller's is a great addition to the restaurants in the area.
We enjoyed our visit and hope to be back soon.

The people were great and the service very good considering they've only been open 2 weeks.
Nice beer selection but disappointed that they have NO local beera, we've got excellent local brews they should make room on one of the many taps for local beer.
The food was ok, the seafood mac & cheese was very salty, kind of disappoimtimg.

If you don't get Marissa as a server you might get screwed, she's the best!!!
Restored my faith in Miller's Ale House!!!
That Julian though seems shady

Brand new....and just a quick drive from our house.
Plenty of television throughout the restaurant.
Great service.
Reasonable prices on food & drinks.
Yeah...we'll be back!!!

Horrible.Might as well just order a big plate of grease because that's what the food tastes like.
It was our first time going to a millers ale house..and it was prob the worst food I've had since I've lived here.
I ordered the fish and chips and it didn't even look edible.
The breading just fell off when I were trying to eat it..it was very soggy and greasy.
I highly suggest not eating here..also the service was horrible.
Our waiter kept apologizing because she took forever to come back to our table.just horrible.

My only complain about the place is the bartenders.
If you are sitting at the bar be ready to be ignored.
I see you are busy and I don't expect you to serve me right away but at least acknowledge me.
We had 4 bartenders walk by us and neither one said "hi, I'll be right with you".
My husband and I went out to dinner on a Saturday night.
It was busy.
The hostess said our wait would be 30 min.
but we got seated in about 20.
The waitress was nice and friendly.
Beers were icy cold.
The fried calamari was delicious.
The best we've had.
My husband had a fish sandwich and I had the BBQ ribs.
Everything was very tasty.
I can't wait to go back and try out more stuff on the menu.

So four of us and a kid decided to try this place out.
We had not been to the town square location so this was our first time trying it out.
When we entered the hostess wasn't very engaging.
I talked first saying that there was four of us and a kid.
She asked what type of seating we preferred.
I requested a booth and she told the woman next to her (which I am guessing is management?
) the seat number and then the woman took us to our table.
Not a very friendly hostess.
Also the woman who took us back wasn't very engaging either.
Lisa was our server and if I was just giving her a review, I would give her 5 stars.
:) she was very friendly, didn't try to upsell us to the point where it was annoying and she was attentive.
The food was mediocre.
I had the chicken nachos.
They were HUGE but barely had any cheese on them?
Uhm hello.
Nachos = cheese thanks.
My sister had their zingers.
She said they were eh.
She's had better at Buffalo Wild Wings.
The boys had steaks.
They didn't have any complaints.
But you can't really mess up a steak.
Overall, I probably won't be coming back.

Average food.
The loaded cheese fries were not very loaded...many fries were just fries.
The fish tacos were ok but were a bit dry and could have used some more of a sauce.
The sweet potato fries were good because of the whipped butter they served them with.
I was disappointed with the beer selection.
With an ale house you would think they might have a better craft selection but it was very average.
Service was ok, the waitress was nice enough but seemed a bit flighty.
Prices were ok, but the quality of food was not great so I would not make a special trip here.

The server Alex was awesome...
The reason for the bad review is because of the food... it was disgusting...
I would never eat here again.
I would train the kitchen staff how to cook better.
I had to send the fish back because it smelled and tasted expired.
It had a bad smell and when I tried it i had to spit it into a napkin because I could not swallow it.
I asked for a chicken sandwich instead which was dry and tasteless...
I will never come back here due to the food...

It gets a bit crowded but the staff handled it well.
The food was great, adorable prices and lots of drink choices.
I like that it's close to me too.
It has all the sports games playing which is good to know for football season!

This building was my dry cleaning place.
I knew something was coming but didn't know what.
Happy to see it's a new restaurant for the Henderson area.
I did notice the other one in Town Square.
Was curious but never went.
First off the parking lot was packed.
So automatically I assumed it must be good.
I loved they have few special parking spots for hybrid cars.
Thought that was cool.
My first impression was WOW it's huge.
It had to large seating areas.
Loved that they give good space between tables so you don't feel like your sharing convo with the table next to you.
I came during happy hr.
Service was quick.
Food came with good timing.
Server didn't know menu well bit she was very attentive.
I tried happy hr items.
Which was calamari.
Very good to me cause they give you all bodies no tentacles.
It comes with Asian chili sauce which I got on side and asked for marina sauce.
Seemed like it went better because they sprinkled  Parmesan cheese on it.
The cheeseburger flat bread was awesome.
Didn't taste like card board at all.
Taste just like a cheeseburger.
Loved that you could pick it up and bread wouldn't bend.
I thought it was gona be greasy.
I would eat again!
The spinach dip was good.
Not to runny or overwhelming with cheese to where you don't taste the spinach ...got all of those at happy hr.
$5 each.. Great deal!
Also loved all the t.v.
Since my boyfriend is a sports fanatic ...

Okay everyone listen very closely, Zingers are $5 on Tuesday's This is the Secret, there is an upcharge for this but you will love it.... Get the Zingers tossed in honey BBQ mixed with bacon bits then choose your Mild Medium Hot or Mt St. Helens...
I had this yesterday and I had that Ah Ha moment.
If you like Zingers this is the way to go.

Amazing prices for the quality and quantity of food.
I love seafood and pasta and this place has a lot to choose from.
Seriously the prices can't be beat 14.99 for a pound of crab legs,  19.99 for twin lobster tails....
I have eaten here 2 times this week and I will be back next time I'm in town!

My boyfriend and I tried this place last weekend and were pleasantly surprised!
My boyfriend's steak was one of the Best he ever had In Vegas and we've eaten at Some of the most expensive!
Inside the Venetian steak house, Morton's etc.
and he enjoyed his steak at Millers the best.
The service was great and the atmosphere was fun!!

We're been here quite a few times.
Each time we sit at the Patio bar.
We've had great service from Nicole and most of the other bartenders, and today, Scott resolved an issue that involved different information than on their menu.
Plus, we get to watch all the MLB games.
Definitely try the nachos.
It's a huge serving.
The drink specials are the main reason we come back.
Daily and every day specials are great.

Never been here but will and it is funny that people are that stupid to believe this is fine dinning what it is a big bar food upscale if you don't want stuff cooked in grease then stay away really reality check.

So I've been looking forward to having a meal here.
I see plenty of cars so that means it's good right?
Not really.
Just a place with the "new" buzz to it.
The hostess were friendly enough.
I'm not a fan of giving my phone number so they could text me when my table was ready.
Just give me a vibrating hockey puck like everywhere else.
You don't need my number.
I look at the beer menu and see Yuengling!
Woohoo!
I order one for my wife and I and am told "we don't have that.
" Lame.
Next, I order a Leffe.
Guess what, same response, "we don't have that.
" Great beer menu, weak actual beer selection.
I ordered the oriental chicken, it was decent.
Wife had a burger, same thing, decent.
When we left, my wife summed it up best: "It's not Yard house, but it's better than McDonalds.

First asked the hostess if we need to check with her to sit in the patio area, she says, "it depends" and she didn't take command of the area, meaning greeting and seating, so we just walked back there ourselves.
I asked the bartender if we could sit anywhere and it also was a kinda yes and no.
I asked about drink specials until we could get decide on a seat, she grabbed the menu and told me I could get captain Morgan vodka double for $5.
I said they make a vodka now?
She said yes I can mix it with coke or whatever.
Which is hilarious when you read on I'll tell you about the Pepsi.
So we grab a waitress, the slowest droopy drearest one we could find, well the only one.
The other girl was running around cause she kept forgetting everything we later discovered from over hearing the table next to us.
Anyway we pop a squat on a high top till we beg Jackie 2 times to bus that table so we can sit in chairs not stools.
She offers drinks until then, very good.
A bucket of beer with 10 ice cubes and a captain Morgan vodka and soda.
LOL Sat at the end of the bar waiting to be delivered for a bit, a couple all in black guys strolled along, didn't grab them to deliver nor was anyone cleaning the table.
She said she would get it.
She decided to take a order from a 4 top in the mean while.
I guess a big party just left, but I only seen 2 dirty tables and 6 busy ones.
NO one was at the string of high tops.
Then she wanted to take are order, I said I'm still waiting for that table.
Tell your boss you need help, NO I'll just do it.
She replied.
She moved like all she had to eat was valium that day.
And the brain activity was just as slow.
To the food, the Miller's seafood bake?
Awful boiled in water with some seasoning powered here and there.
Brought in a net bag.
Dry as a fart.
Corn mushy and clams cold, awful I'm sure the air condition that was on blasting ceiling fans and the Windows open at 91 degrees out didn't help.
I actually opened a wet nap and in less then 3 minutes (yes I did I it twice) it was a piece a loose leaf paper.
The waitress had no interest in hearing what I was saying.
I DID 3 times attempt to get our unhappiness across.
I asked for a COLD glass with salt and lime for my now warm beer.
Knew that was going to happen when the bucket only had 10 cubes.
She says "we have Pepsi" again I said, same response.
We looked at each other and my date said "NO, an empty glass, cold with.." She interrupted with "oh duh, ok".
And the bartender things you serve coke?
Huh?
Maybe they do have both, im not sure.
The foil baked mahi was SO SO a bit dry and NO flavor.
Then the fire place came on, Wtf?
It's mid June in Vegas!!
The table next to us even was shocked.
Wth is going on.
First open the huge ass Windows to null and void the air condition, then a fire?
We were SO over this dinner we grabbed our last beers and went out side.
Just to noticed the same two glasses on the table outside next to the couch, that we noticed ON THE WAY IN!!
We were soooooooo over this evening I would have strangled a manager if I would of demanded to talk to one.
Low and behold, the fire pits kick on outside.
We ran for the car!!!
Worst $66 plus tip, I don't know why I did that.
Ever!!!
I hope to go back in a few months with a totally different out come.
All the experienced people out of work, and this is what they come up with.
Shame on you!
OH and they didn't have the dessert he wanted either.
Poor guy we stopped at McDonald's on the way home from dinner, sad..
I have been to the town square location 4 times, NEVER a problem.

This place is new so there are some kinks to work out for sure.
Not a lot of choices like this in Henderson so again it is crazy busy when sports are on so consider that when making your decision to dine there.
The hostesses don't seem to have a clue, we request the same great waitress Jessica H every time and wait for her at the bar.
The bartenders are ok, I don't especially care for the way they shake your hand and act fake but hey they have a strategy.
One time we have the server Caesar and it was a horrific experience but the food was still good.
We love a young girl named Jessica H she is a great server and anticipates what you need and checks back just often enough.
The order is always right and shes is fun and happy and seems not to let the crowd or stress bother her.
I think you have to remember that this is a Sports Bar so the crowd is loud when there is something big on sports.
The booths are not very comfortable and the bar stools even less so.
BUT the food is good and it is a fun place.
Remember what it is and you will have a good time.
Give the place a chance to work out the NEW glitches and get the staff trained.

I agree there are definitely some glitches to work out here.
First of all the parking is a little awkward because there isn't a lot of it out front and it instead encircles the whole building.
This mean a long walk if they are busy to get to the front door which was the only door available to enter.
So if you have anyone in your party who might have a little trouble walking or negotiating steps you should drop them off at the front door.
The other issue is the front lobby feels crowded and tight.
If there are quite a few people waiting and you don't want to bake outside in the heat or sit in the vestibule you pretty much feel in the way.
We were seated in a booth after a 10 minute wait and within my party we ordered the twin lobster tails, the half rack of ribs, and the mahi mahi piccata.
I ordered the side salad to be brought before the dinner and requested mashed potatoes instead of spinach since the menu indicated that the fish came with a vegetable of the day.
Twin lobster tails were very good according to my husband and better than Red Lobster.
They were also more reasonably priced than Red Lobster.
Half rack of ribs were just ok. My father reported that he had had better and worse.
My experience, the salad did not come and when I asked about it the waitress apologized and said that she thought I had asked for it to come with dinner.
I cancelled it because dinner would be out at this point any second (which it literally was, it was delivered as she turned around).
My fish was on a plate of it's own with no vegetable of the day and I received a plate of mashed potatoes with beef gravy on the side.
I sent back the potatoes because it felt like an odd pairing and after taking a bite of the fish sent that back right away also due to it being very bland.
If this is their signature sauce they definitely need to work on it.
The manager did come out and offered to have anything else I might want made as fast as possible.
She was very kind and even offered to bring me out the salad I had cancelled to take my time and think about it.
I elected to get an appetizer since my party at this point was mid way through their meal and got the cheeseburger flat bread.
The salad was quite large for a dinner salad and fresh, the cheeseburger flat bread was actually quite good.
We had another minor kerfuffle when the bill was presented and they still had charged us for the fish and potatoes (which I might add I had ordered as a substitution, not a side).
The waitress pointed out that they had comped the flat bread and the salad.
I found this to be a little offensive since it felt as if she was alluding that I was trying to get out of paying.
I told her I had no problem paying for the food I ate but didn't want to pay for the (more expensive) food I did not eat.
She apologized and corrected it.
So overall, issues like the parking and lobby probably can't be fixed.
Service will hopefully get better as the restaurant grows into itself.
Management was quick to respond to a problem in a satisfactory manner.
Food was good to ok and an alright value for the money.

Our server, "Maggie with the smile" is awesome and very friendly.
This place packed on Friday night but we got out seats in less than 15 min...Wow!

This place is new at this location and it was packed, but something this particular area really needed.
They have a great Happy Hour from 4 to 6pm, very reasonable drinks and appetizers, $5, you cannot beat that.
We were lucky to get here early around 4:30ish which allowed us to get right in and get a seat.
By 6pm, there was a waiting line and every seat was filled.
With that being said, the management of this place was amazing.
There were plenty of servers and support staff and everyone worked together to get food out, drinks out and ensure the customers (US yea) were happy.
The food selection on the menu is a really nice selection and the food was good.
ONE CAUTION THOUGH.....  Our server did say on the steaks that they season them and tend to over cook them so you should order less then what you want so you have a chance at getting what you want.
My wife found this out as she ordered a steak medium rare and it cam closer to medium well.
I am not sure why this is an issue here, however if the servers are aware of this, management should be as well and the cooks should be aware of it as well.
This maybe just part of growing pains as they did recently open in this area and since there are limited places in the area to choose from, the constant crowds and keeping up may be the challenge right now.
Aside from that, everything else was great tasting, well prepared.
There is another one in town down on the strip area and for some reason the food at this location was better then the last visit we had to the one on the strip.
Not sure why, but I guess we will now have to give both a try and see which one is better managed and which cooks take more pride in what they serve.
We will be back to both locations, however the newer one, definitely around 4pm when happy hour starts because by dinner time, you will be waiting for a table and I would rather be happy early then hungry later....

Me and my husband went here and we were very disappointed!
We were seated very quickly and the good came out fairly fast but, the Service was awful!
Very unorganized, when they brought out food nobody knew which table it went to.
The steak was mostly fat and didn't have any flavor at all!
The burger I got was very un-flavorful as well!
Won't be back.

It's hard to give a two star review when this place is packed even on weeknights.
My friend and I were here a few nights ago and made the mistake of ordering salmon and mahi-mahi.
Both had to be sent back- the salmon because it had a very strange chemical flavor and the mahi-mahi was dry and overdone with absolutely no lemon butter as requested.
There was no topping of any kind.
The Caesar salad had a very strange  dressing that tasted  unpleasant and not at all like the typical Caesar dressing should taste.
I guess we just ordered the wrong food at this restaurant.
This is a beer and burger joint and we should've stuck with the favorites.
The atmosphere however is perfect if you have a few friends with you and just want to hang out especially on a Friday or Saturday night.
Can't complain about the service and certainly can't complain about the decor and the ambience.
Looks like a fun place but when it comes to the food stick with the typical bar menu items.
This place is very very noisy because it seats about  500 people so don't expect to have a quiet conversation.
We had heard that a few times before so we knew what to expect.
Check it out for yourself you may like it, we didn't.
Someday we give  it another try and this time maybe stick with what we should've ordered the first time.

Not bad experience good service, bad food, not all but u have to ask for steak be cook rare if u want it medium, no salt, simple and the mash potatoes I can taste the flavor from the box .........is a new place u guys can work in this little things

I come here to watch the World Cup games.
Excellent food with decent prices and specials.
The beers selection is limited but still good.
And there're plenty of TV's to have a decent view of the games.
My favorite bartender is Cindy, she is so cute

Their sangria is really good and a great deal, i've tried their bar food and so far everything has been good.
The service   is fast and friendly, i have to mention we watched some world cup games in here and even if they are busy their service is good and friendly.
Me and my husband just found our local bar, is close to home and so far everything and every one is been good.

They have berrs listed in the menu that they cannot even get.
They only serve Bud products in 22oz glasses.
The food looks nothing like what is pictured in the menu.
The food actually tastes like what you would expect for the price.
Service is lacking and slow.
If you complain to the manager, he acts as if you are the one with the problem!
All of these isdues are pretty much what happened on the strip after the opening trainers left.
I haven't been to that location since.
We had hoped tgat this new location would be better...nope!

Wednesday Lobster special was rubbery & over cooked.
Very disappointing.
Not impressed whatsoever :-(

To me, Miller's is the friend I wonder why I keep spending time with despite not liking them very much.
And I can't even put my finger on why I don't like this particular friend but something about them irks me.
The restaurant is huge with plenty of booth seating, 2 massive bars, and hightop seating in the separate bar area.
The bar area in the back is actually very nice and seems like it could open to their outdoor patio when the weather is good.
It's kind of a wood cabin feel and although it's kitschy it's not really my thing.
Both times I've visited they've asked if a high-top table in the bar area would be OK, despite having many open booths and regular tables.
Why are you holding out on me if the place isn't packed?
How about the real deal seating?
Service has been pretty decent, albeit a bit slow at times.
The drinks haven't gone empty at any point, which is definitely a plus.
My husband and I have been ordering from the lighter portion menu.
He gets the 8 oz filet and I've tried the chicken breast meal.
For the price, these are solid, filling, and not horribly unhealthy options.
They both come with red potatoes and a veggie.
My steamed broccoli was ice cold when it arrived, although I couldn't complain about the chicken.
The waitress was quick to bring me a new side of broccoli.
We also order the side tossed salad, which hasn't actually been tossed with dressing either time we've ordered it.
OK, so I like my salads tossed.
There.
I said it.
There are plenty of televisions and, from what I understand, they show the UFC fights for free, which is a big deal to some.
If you join their email club you'll get a free captain jack dessert on your birthday.
I didn't bother since this isn't something I'd be interested in.
It's close by so I'm sure I'll wind up here every once in a while.
But this will be one friend I probably won't call on very often...

It has a great atmosphere, but food is lacking.
The service was slow but they are still in training so I understand.
I ordered a french dip sandwich that looked like it was served on a hot dog bun.
It was hard to see it under all the onion rings it was buried under.
The chips and spinach dip was good, but not enough dip to the amount of chips.
They seem to pile on the sides and go light on the main dish.
This would be a good place to grab a beer and watch the game, but not to sit down and eat.

Upon entering my large group sat at their bar tables and was told by the waitress they don't normally serve food but they will make an exception to serves us there this time.
We all wanted to watch the soccer game and was appreciative although it doesn't make sense why not.
We didn't receive menus and had to ask and was told once again that they are doing us a favor...I was dying for them to tell me again bc I didn't hear the first two times...
Ordered a Caesar salad with mahi mahi.
The lettuce was wilted dark brown in spots of more than half of the salad pieces.
After picking them out I realize there wasn't too many fresh pieces and gave up and asked for a new one.
After 30 mins of waiting some more, I asked the waitress to cancel it.
My party was already done eating and I have no desire to keep waiting.
My waitress was sweet and apologetic.
They didn't charge me for the salad (they better not!!
) but I tipped her for the service however, I won't be coming back for the food.
2 people from my group who ordered the Italian Philly sandwich both had stomach upsets after eating here.
The 2 others who order that also was fine.
Dine here at your discretion.

Pleasantly surprised!
I'm not a fan of sports bars but found myself dining here with some amigos.
I would definitely go back!!
The service was great and the food was great!
I was a happy camper!
Sidenote:  I was shocked to see it was a "family establishment" - even kids were welcome.
Not sure how I feel about them inside a huge sports bar, but that's on the parents.
Just seemed strange.
I'll go back fo sho.

Wasn't impressed.I had fish and chips,ok,wife had 12 oz rib eye ,40% of it was fat .Will try again something different.Still best place for fish & chips in my opinion is village pub.I must add the service was impeccable.

Loved Miller's Ale House when we visited!
My family and I had the best time, and it was a kid friendly sports bar/restaurant!
They were extremely busy with the game on, but CJ was an excellent server who paid attention to us even if he had many other people to deal with.
We even were visited by Jasmine, the manager, who made us feel very welcome.
We can't wait to go back when football season comes around!

Went out here on a Wednesday night because I heard about the lobster special.
Was able to get a flat iron steak and 1.25 lbs of lobster for about 24 bucks.
Pretty good deal for good food.
I will say across the board my service was great from the door greeting to the waitress, to the manager who came by introduced himself and ask how everything was.
The food was good to.
Not sure the steak was anything to brag about but it was good food.
Really enjoyed the lobster, salad and baked potato.
I can see myself indulging here again in the near future.

