Newly opened gem serving delicious ice cream and other treats.
I had the peach cobbler which was like eating the real thing.
The wife and sister had ube and coconut pineapple, which they both loved as well.
Oh and they serve cronuts as well!
Definitely a place to check out!

Their ice cream is soooo delicious!
I love small business because you can tell how much pride and heart they put into their business.
You can taste the quality in all their flavors they have to offer.
They just opened 2 days ago, so not too much traffic yet but soon they will because you can't find an ice cream parlor quite like this place.
They offer flavors that will be hard to find else where such as ube, coconut pineapple just to name a few.
They also have cronuts, donuts, and slices of cake to top off your sweet tooth.
50% of what makes a business successful is service and this place has that with the warm hospitality and friendliness.
We walked in there and was greeted immediately with a smile.
They also let us sample the flavors but by then I had a hard time deciding because EVERY THING was GOOD.
I ended up getting the Taro/Ube.The best I've ever tried and I've tried alot of brands.
This place is a lil bit hard to find because they don't have a sign up yet... it's facing Silverado ... it's next to a vacuum shop and nail salon.
...  Definitely you must try this place...

Such a cute ice cream shop!
It has the very old fashion style to it.
The ice cream was delicious!
They had so many options to chose from as well.
They also have brownies, kronuts-a croissant style doughnut and cookies.
The staff is very nice and friendly.
Clean and nice place!

best ice cream i have ever had!!
cutest ice cream shop in the world.!!
come visit !
its so yummy and kawaii!!!!!!!
ahhh!!

Eis Cream is filled with delicious creamy ice cream and two hot exotic filipino beauties.
They have cute japanese ,eclectic pastries, and gourmet,homemade cronuts.
GET THE BUBBLEGUM ICE CREAM BECAUSE its fucking bomb

Best ice cream in Las Vegas!!
It's super creamy, and made with fresh fruits from places as far away as the Philippines and Hawaii!
Taro and the coffee were my favorites.
I've been there twice already and they just opened about a week ago.
The owners and employees are super friendly.
It's a very cute and yummy place to enjoy great quality ice cream :)

Wow, A+ ice cream.
Really fresh ingredients and call me crazy but ice cream tastes better with a metal spoon.
I plan to frequent this place.
If you've never tried TARO ice cream get in there and try it before its out of season.

A pleasant place to get your ice cream fix.
Very friendly & helpful ladies who run the place.
I recommend their Macapuno & Mango ice creams!

Such a cute little ice cream shop!
The decor was absolutely darling with bright colors everywhere.
My favorite was the chairs with ice cream printed design.
We were immediately greeted by the owner/manager, who is such a sweetheart!
Wonderful customer service :) She said that they get their ice cream from TREAT in San Jose, CA (woot woot--BAY AREA!).
The exotic flavors like taro/ube, pineapple coconut, macapuno, and mango are made with fresh fruit from the Philippines.
Don't be shy with samples!
They were all very good.
My husband recommends the peach even though he went the more dessert flavor route.
Here is what we got:  -2 scoop sundae w/ Pineapple coconut and mango ice cream topped with pineapples and a buko pandan stick-o.
-2 scoop ice cream w/ cookies 'n' cream and tin roof sundae -Maple bacon cronut   You can get whip cream or syrups on your sundae like chocolate, white chocolate, caramel.There are a variety of other goodies here like cronuts, donuts, cake, cookies.
You can order a scoop or two of ice cream, ice cream cookie sandwiches, sundaes, or floats.
This is the perfect place to satisfy your sweet tooth and keep cool, especially with this HOT summer weather!
My next concoction will be ube (purple yam) with macapuno (young coconut) ice cream!
Minus one star for prices being a little steep for my taste...but you get 10% off with flyer or yelp check-in!

I heard about this new ice cream shop through a flyer that was dropped off at my office.
The lady dropping it off seemed really nice and excited about the new place.
The girls from work and I decided to try it since I had been craving ice cream and we would receive 10% off with the flyer.
The location is very easy to find since you can see it from the street.
There's plenty of parking since it's in a big, busy plaza.
Once we went in to the shop we warmly greeted by the same lady that dropped off the flyers.
I loved how cute the place is decorated.
I haven't seen a lot of dessert places decorates this pretty.
From the big sparkly Eis logo on one of the walls to the ice cream pattern on the chairs, I loved it all!
There's pleanty of options for the ice cream.. A lot of exotic flavors as well like taro pineapple, coconut and peach.
I normally don't like anything peach flavor, but it really was calling my name.
It was a light peach color and you could see pieces of fruit too!
I had to taste it and I had to order a scoop of it.
The server said it was made with fruit straight from the Philippines.
My friends also tried a chocolate cone and another flavor that was green...
I can't remember what ut was but she said it was very good as well.
I'm sold one this place.
The service was quick, it's cheap and just from looking at the ice cream you can tell it's going to taste delicious!
The place also offers cake, floats, cookies and little candies..
This place really is a must when you're in the mood for something sweet!

simply amazing.
It was my first time here today.
Very friendly staff, yummy ice cream flavors... oh and the kronuts.... ooohhh lala.
A definite must-try and must-come-back.

The ice cream is super creamy and delicious!
The shop is very clean and adorable!
It's awesome to see a place where it shows how much hard work went into making this as awesome as it is!
We will definitely be returning, even if we do live across town!

The ice cream sold here is AwesomeLicious!
Really!
Their little shop is so cute too.
Everyone I met on staff here is warm, friendly and encouraged me to try all the flavors they had.
It made it so hard for me to decide what I wanted since I liked them all.
They are off to a great start so far!
So here's the inside scoop:   -  It's a family operated biz run by Tanya and Alicia - The ice cream sold here is from Downtown San Jose's best kept secret..well except for here on Yelp (http://www.yelp.com/biz/treat-ice-cream-company-san-jose    The premium ice cream is the real deal.
Real meaning no artificial flavorings or preservatives used to enhance the ice cream flavors.High quality ingredients are used to make their ice cream.
Fresh fruit was even used for mango and peach ice cream that I tried.
Only small batches are sold and when it is gone that's it!
Texture wise.real creamy it's super smooth, not icy/no crystallization.
The exotic flavors is what got me to check out this place.
Taro and Macapuno.
I tried several different flavors and ended up ordering these below:  Green Tea - has a bit more pop in flavor and is refreshing, perfect for the summer season.
Taro - made right from the taro root that they get from the Phillipines.
Flavor is hard to describe.
For me it's kind of nutty with vanilla tones.
Pineapple Coconut, Mango and the Peach flavors have strong fruit flavors.
Give Burgundy Cherry and Pistachio a try too.The flavors are "wow  that's good!
" kinda good.
A one scoop sundae with toppings will set you back just under five bucks.
It might seem a little high for the BR/Thrifty crowd.
And why it falls short of five stars overall, but those seeking premium, higher quality ingredients in an ice cream will appreciate what they carry.. Ice cream alone is undoubtedly five stars.
I'm just ecstatic they have Taro!
There is also cold case that has dessert cakes and 'Kronuts'.
Hmmm Kronut Ala Mode anyone?
Shout out and credit goes to my new Yelper friend Melissa V.!
She checked in on her Yelp app and put it out on blast they carried Filipino flavors!
So don't forget to check in on your Yelp app!
You get 10% off.
I mentioned the shop is super cute.
Ice cream parlourish theme.
Hand painted artwork, striped walls in the hallway.
The furnishings are cleverly re purposed.
All done by co-owner Tanya!
FYI: I missed seeing this place since the trees obscure the view on Eastern Ave.
Location is in the same complex that has Windy City Beef, Las Cazuelas, No 1 Boba Tea, just right around the corner from Yummy Sushi.
Eis Cream Cafe faces Silverado  ...yeah I KNOW that corner of the Target shopping center just got a little more fattening!

Eis Cream Cafe is a wonderful addition to the ice cream options available in the Las Vegas area.
We were greeted by the friendly owners as soon as we came in and they offered samples of their many interesting flavors including strawberry cheesecake, ube, pineapple, tin roof sundae, and my favorite by far was the Taro!
The flavors were fresh and perfectly creamy.
This shop is just what this neighborhood needed!

This is a late post so shame on me.
I saw this place driving down Silverado Ranch Boulevard heading towards Eastern.
If you're not paying attention you would miss it as it is in this strip mall alongside some forgettable shops.
So forgettable I couldn't even tell you what they were.
One day I read about it onYelp and intentionally paid it a visit.
I was pleasantly surprised to find tropical/asian ice cream flavors such as Mango, Macapuno, Taro and Green Tea among traditional American flavors.
I thought this was awesome because I wouldn't have to drive clear out to  Chinatown or central Vegas also known as Filipino land to get my fix.
Once there, I met Olive who gave me heaping scoops of my flavors of choice, Taro and Green Tea.
They charge $4.50 for 2 scoops which I thought was fair after seeing what you got for it.
They were delicious as expected.
Perfect on a hot day.
The shop was quaint and clean.
Great for a dessert run for the family.
They have a little corner in the shop that displays Sanrio merchandise.
They also sold some of the best kinds of cronuts you will taste.
So next time you have an ice cream craving, go see Olive.
She'll take care of you.

New place that opened up within the past month on the SE side of town, near No.
1 boba, on Silverado Ranch and Eastern.
Shop FACES silverado ranch.
Same "building" as No 1 boba.
I was told that the ice cream is from San Jose.
This is not your ordinary ice cream !
Taro has a slight texture where you can feel the "grainy-ness" of the root in the ice cream.
Macapuno (young coconut) has actual pieces of young coconut (like what you'd get from inside a young coconut).
These two are my favorite.
Not too sweet.
Good flavoring.
Green tea was a little disappointing.
Not too strong in green tea flavor (im a sucker for strong tea flavor hence why i like Cafe Teaze's teas)   Heath Bar Ice cream was good too !
nice to get some good sized bite pieces in the ice cream for you to be surprised by and enjoy :D   Cookies and cream is very well made.
Cookies throughout and flavored nicely !
As i had mentioned in my tip, dont let the prices scare you.
They are VERY generous in scoop sizes and you do get your money's worth !
Closes somewhat early (10pm) but when we went, everyone rushed near closing and created a line XD

Stopped by here based on the Yelp reviews, husband declared this to be a "great decision".
Eis Cream Cafe is like the ice cream parlours from your childhood.
Everything is made with quality, in season ingedients, and it comes through in the flavors.
We both had the mango ice cream and it had chunks of mango that were so big, we had to cut them with our spoon.
The coconut pineapple was like a scoop of heaven, in a pretty glass ice cream dish.
They will offer you a taste of any of ice creams they have.
Not on those little plastic spoons that will sit in a landfill forever, but real spoons.
Silly to point out I know, but this was nice to me.
This is a family owned business thst makes you feel so welcome.
Stop by and show this great local business some support.
They are at the corner of Eastern & Silverado Ranch, facing out to Silverado Ranch.
You can't see it from Eastern, but you won't be sorry you took a few extra minutes to find it.

I typically don't really go out for ice cream.
In fact, I rarely eat ice cream anymore but when this opened and I saw it on yelp, I wanted to try it due to the stunning reviews about their taro/ube ice cream.
Therefore when I had some friends in town, we took them along and we all tried this new place together!
The place itself is quite quaint.
It's pretty small but the decorations are really cute.
However, when we went, there was only one person working soooo it was quite backed up.
There was a party of 4-5 that was already there.
Then my group was a total of 7 people.
So it took a while to be able to try the ice cream and pick.
I mean, it's fine, I don't mind but for those that do, keep that little fact in mind before going.
You're free to sample whichever flavor that you want.
I think I tried taro, mango, macapuno (young coconut), and heath bar.
In the end, my friend and I decided to share a scoop of taro/ube and heath bar.
I also tried some of my friend's cookies and cream.
The cookies and cream was amazing.
One of my favorite ice cream flavors :D so it captured my heart.
I rarely ever buy cookies and cream at the grocery stores cause it comes in such a huge tub and I could never finish.
Now I know where to get my cookies and cream fix!
The taro/ube was pretty good.
Has a nice flavor to it.
I mean, I'm not CRAZY over it but it was decent.
As for the heath bar, I think I've had better.
I think it needs more pieces of heath bar in there.
It was really nice when I finally go to a piece of the toffee though!
I didn't really care for the macapuno mainly because I'm not a fan of coconut.
I also didn't really care for the mango ... maybe because it tasted like they made it out of the dried mangos you would buy in packages.
Haha.
The prices are pretty decent from what I've experienced.
They also give you HUGE scoops.
Also, from what the woman told us, they get their ice cream from San Jose.
So don't hesitate to give this place a try.
Glad to finally see something amazing open on my side of town ;D

Eis is a welcome addition to the foodie growth areas in the Eastern and Silverado Ranch area!
Family business - I really enjoy small family businesses and this one is no exception.
The family from Northern California has started a fun and exciting little Ice Cream Shop selling all their favorite ice creams and other sugary delights.
b.  Cronuts - I did not think I would enjoy what is a cross between a donut and a croissant, however, it was tasty and I would eat these over Krispy Kreme which is in the same strip mall.
c.  The Ice Cream - Not sure what or who the manufacturer is, but they do drive the ice cream down from Northern California or have relatives / friends bring it to them.
So this is a real "import".
The ice cream was pretty good and I would come back for it.
Nothing particularly mind blowing, but very good, creamy and I really love those flavors loaded with all the extra fixins and bits.
d.  The Ambiance - Very eclectic.
Nicely decorated in a homey amateur way.
A few tables to sit, but oddly set up and not enough space.
If / when they get busy, there will not be enough tables for sure.
e.  Get over there - Get on over to this place and try it out.
It is fun, it is family, it is a good experience.
A very solid 3.75 stars rounded up to four for this review.
GK says, check it out!

Super cute ice cream shop!!
I love everything about this place!
The decor is fun & everything feels clean and new.
They have roughly 16 or so flavors to choose from, and they will let you sample anything you like.
There is a good mix of familiar flavors like mint chocolate cookie...and unique flavors like taro root.
The ice cream is definitely higher quality and super creamy.
Prices/sizes are based on the number of scoops you want.
I got a single scoop and my husband got a double.
For both we paid under $8.
I loved that they use real spoons and glass dishes.
It feels classier, but it is also eco friendly.
They have a small case with cake slices, cookies, brownies, and cronuts...which you can get a la mode, but I didn't try them on this visit.
Service is top notch, too!

Received a coupon in the val pak and was surprised they had opened.
Called in advance to see if they were open tonight (4th of july) and they were!
Cute place, would have never known they were there because they face silverado blvd I usually come in from the eastern side.
Ladies working were very friendly  Ice cream was tasty, prices are inline with every other commercial ice cream store in the area.
Def will be back

The ice cream is great and really creamy.
The service is wonderful and they're so friendly.
I love this place!
Came from Los Angeles and will definitely come back here whenever I'm in Vegas :)

Friendly lady behind the counter, tried a handful of samples.
Ended up taking up a cup of peach and coffee almond fudge.
Very unique flavors and genuine ingredients.
The peach has a great texture.

A new ice cream place is always great to try.
The Yelp reviews lead us to believe there was something amazing to be found!
We did find that the service was great and the shop was decorated well and was clean.
The ice cream and shakes that we ordered were yummy and satisfied.
It would be best if more than just friends of the business gave their honest review.

Mom and pop ice cream shop with some flavors to entice the American crowd but they also have some assorted Asian flavors (mango, young coconut, ube labelled as taro).
I'm not sure what brand of ice cream they are serving, but it is rich and creamy.
I sampled the taro and the mango.
The taro tastes similar to the Magnolia brand one, but the one I ended up getting in a waffle cone was the mango.
The mango ice cream tastes like Philippines brand dried mango (not hard and chewy though), but the owner informed me the mangoes come from Cebu for the ice cream.
Besides just ice cream, they also have cronuts and macarons in assorted flavors and candy treats for the kids!
I like that they also serve the ice cream in these ice cream sundae glasses for those who want to eat the ice cream in the shop.
A definite hole in the wall gem tucked into this Silverado ranch strip mall.

Eis Cream Cafe is a super cute and delicious ice cream shop.
I was leaving Yummy's sushi with my boyfriend when we saw a sign for the Eis Cream Cafe and knowing us ice cream lovers, we had to see what this place was all about.
We went in & my first thoughts were on how creative the decor was.
The walls were painted, the tables & chairs were white, and the ice cream was to the left.
The staff were very friendly and were patient with all the different flavors we wanted to try.
I ended up choosing a scoop of the taro ice cream (which was to die for) in a cone & my boyfriend had an ice cream sandwich.
The way they served our samples was what caught my eye.
Instead of using little plastic spoons, they gave us our samples on real miniature spoons which gave us a good portion to try.
Not only do they have ice cream, but they also have cake slices & cronuts!!
Unfortunately, I was unable to try the cronuts or cake slices but I will definitely be going back soon to order one or two.
Overall, Eis Cream Cafe is unique, delicious & staff friendly.
It's hard to find a decent ice cream shop outside of the usual over priced cold stone creamery or baskin robbins.
My boyfriend & I were extremely happy to stumble upon the Eis Cream Cafe.
We will definitely become regular customers.

I love supporting new businesses especially when they have something good to offer!
I decided to swing by the establishment on a hot Saturday afternoon and my oh my, I felt like I found a gold mine.
The cashier was friendly and gave me a bunch of samples because I wasn't being reluctant on what to order.
My little heart was torn between ube, mango, and chocolate.
I finally settled for the chocolate.
The ice cream itself was rich and creamy.
I'm not a big fan of sweet things but I'm a sucker for ice cream.
I also got a mini cronut.
I believe it was the maple bacon.
It was a perfect size for me!
Definely will be back for a big scoop of ube ice cream.

Our new favorite ice cream spot!
With kronuts!!
Super friendly service, very clean place and very accommodating to our kids who wanted to sample all kinds of flavors.
And their recommendations were on point!
Happy customer who'll be coming back for more!

The macapuno is a must try for pistachio and coconut lovers!
It's a nice sweet and creamy ice cream.
The scoops are VERY generous and the decor in the restaurant is just adorable.
The owners are also quite friendly.
Would definitely recommend eating here.
Fair prices too.
Will be coming back!

This quaint little shop on the southwest corner of Eastern and Silverado Ranch is delightful.
The ice cream is procured from a small creamery using quality ingredients which is evident with your first bite!
They offer free tastes on metal spoons (nice touch!
) and servings are plentiful.
The shop is bright, clean and inviting.
I highly recommend an afternoon delight or after dinner treat at Eis Cream!

Great new ice cream spot.
They use fresh ingredients and the flavors pop with each taste.
The prices are decent for one scoop.

Great find!!!!
UBE ice cream soooooooo gooooooood!!!!
Excellent service too!!
Ample parking... much needed addition to the area

Excellent ice cream and great vibe!
The peanut butter cup ice cream was fantastic!
Plenty of parking and great service.
Will go back.
Highly recommend!

Cute, clean, awesome service and yummy!
Don't miss this little shop!
Store offers ice cream, sundaes, and bakery items.
Be sure to check for the value pack coupon before you go.
It's hidden in the corner of the shopping center by target near the vacuum store.
The lady behind the counter even served our ice cream in a glass bowl since we were eating in the store.

Good ice cream, but not great.
I tried several flavors but the majority of them didn't really stand out.
Their taro ice cream, however, is worth a try.
I typically dislike taro, but this was a rare exception where I enjoyed it.
It's also nice that the owners give generously sized samples and ice cream scoops.
In addition to my ice cream, I ordered a kronut, but it was extremely tough and heavy rather than light and flaky.
It didn't taste anything like a cronut should.

