I give this place four stars because it's really outstanding  food!
The fries are fresh cut and the hamburger meat is quality.
However, their prices are way outta line compared to the  competition.
Cheese burgers, fries, & a drink $14.00.?!?

I was so excited to see a new place come to the neighborhood, went in on a Saturday afternoon & ordered a cheeseburger & small fries & a bacon cheeseburger for husband.
The food was greasy and slippery the patties fell out of soggy buns the fries were soggy in some parts and still raw in other sections :( for two cheeseburgers & 1 small fry it was $20 .
Which if food was good not biggie but you can go have in & out for much better quality and about half the price for combos.

Been to Five Guys a few different times.
The best one was in Wisconsin by my Dad's house.
Maybe it was just getting to have lunch with him that made it so special.
This is another one of those burger chain places where you can have your order tailored to the way you want.
Wow ... what a concept!
Inside has your basic counter service with a large amount of seating around small tables and chairs.
The decorations are simple and they seem proud about who they are and what they do.
You will always see several "Best of ____" signs plastered all over the walls.
Usually order one of the Burgers and a Dog.
The Fries are so big that you can split them with a friend or loved one.
The orders will promptly arrive in a large greasy brown bag.
Normally tear it open and spread it all over the table.
Kinda like camping?
Service is always friendly and the food is OK.
This is probably not my favorite establishment for burgers or dogs.
Everything is pretty expensive considering the type cuisine.
Fifteen bucks for a Little Cheese Burger, a Little Fries and a Hot Dog is COO COO CRAZY!
Consider spending a little extra money for a high quality Gourmet Burger somewhere else.
There are plenty of tasty places all around this area.
Unless you just can't resist the all you can eat Peanut gimmick.
PEANUT ALERT!
2.75 STARS

Disappointed in my visit to this Five Guys.
Ordered Bacon Cheese Burger and small Fry with drink that tallied $14.
Got my order and after initial inspection, noticed there was only one patty rather than the two expected in my order.
(even as I type this, I feel as if I'm turning into some Austin Powers "Fat Bastard"creature complaining that I did not get my full fat intake...an slapping my belly while doing so)  Purely from a financial perspective, I brought this to the counter attendant's attention who was super apologetic.
The grill guy overheard the exchange and was also super accommodating offering to remake the order.
All I really wanted was credit for my order to return the $1 difference between the regular hamburger (2 patty) and little hamburger (1 patty).
The counter attendant said she had to get the manager.
After waiting for about 10 minutes, the manager strolled over to my table to ask if everything was ok.  Perhaps maybe the counter attendant briefed her on the situation..nahh.
I explained the situation and said all I really wanted was $1 back to make it even.
She offered instead to "take care of my next time I was in".
Um..not sure what that entailed but pressed on with my $1 refund.
After another 15 minutes, she returned with $3.
I insisted that I only wanted $1 but she stayed firm at $3.
Anyhow, my experience rating is largely due to my error in order but also the weird refund acrobatics that were apparently required.
The hamburger wasn't worth the $7 either.

