Moist brisket is my favorite followed by ribs.
Sweet corn I love.
A sweet tea is always a treat.
I've had everything on the menu except the prime rib and everything is always great.
From Texas to Colorado, the BBQ is always great.

We are a serious BBQ loving family.
We were really looking forward to having a great BBQ restaurant in the West Valley.
We finally have one!
This place was terrific.
We tried the brisket, turkey, chicken, ribs, sausage, and several of the sides.
Everything was perfect.
We only wished they had corn bread and mac-n-cheese on the menu.
Guess you can't have everything.
Service was great and fast even though the place was packed and the line out the door.
Would recommend this place to anyone that wants good Texas BBQ.

Best BBQ I've ever had.
On the same level as Phil's BBQ in San Diego... don't mind the lines, service is fast and the line moves quick.
I love the way they lay out drinks before you order.
They have 312 and IBC in stock, AWESOME!
The 1/2lb ordering system takes some getting used to.
In my opinion, 1/2lb of ribs/prime rib is not enough for most men.
Order a pound, don't be a wuss.
The 1/2lb of brisket is plenty, however.
Perfect amount of food.
Only side I have tried so far was coleslaw and it was meh.
Plain, boring.
Would not order again... but considering how great everything else is (including the service!
) I won't dock any stars :)  The moist brisket is the thing to try first, it will sell you on this place!
I can't wait to go back and try the chicken and corn on the cobb (you get a whole cobb!

Have eaten at Rudy's many times in Texas and have made the drive to Chandler several times for good BBQ.
The new Goodyear location is just as good.
Went for lunch today and had some brisket and ribs and they were great.
The green chili stew is outstanding.
It got very busy so if you don't want to wait get there early.
Highly recommend Rudy's.

We just ate here tonight.
The line was out the door and we still only waited about 10-15mins before we got to order and eat.
I love how you get to pick everything you want before you're seated and the bottled sodas are super!
They also have Big Red in their soda machines.
I felt like I was 7 again!
We got the moist brisket, jalapeño sausage, chicken and baby back ribs.
It was  all AMAZING but I would more than recommend the jalapeño sausage and the brisket.
We also got beans (not bad), corn on the cob (slathered in melted butter and it's a whole piece of corn.
Sooooo good.
) and chocolate pudding (get it.
)  I love that you eat on butcher paper and sit with everyone else like you're at a HUGE BBQ or fair.
I can see why this place is so busy and popular.
The service is outstanding.
The food is even better.
We're coming back before we start our move this weekend up to Seattle for breakfast!

Seriously disappointed in this place.
After finally getting a BBQ joint on the West Side, I was excited to try Rudy's... and then we got it today at work for lunch and it was extremely blase.
Nothing to write to mom about, everything was boring.
And the "Texas toast" we were told about by the girl at the front counter - was a loaf of white bread.
Seriously?!
Maybe eating in would yield a better experience, but right now I'm not impressed and highly doubtful.

Walked in the smell was great , however standing in line to get food than to sit at picnic tables or what have you, no not gonna do that, I won't stand in line to get my own food and pay as much as I would have to pay than to sit at a community table with a bunch of strangers , if I wanted to wait inline I can go to Arby's    Terrible.

The brisket was dry and flavorless, the baby back ribs had hardly any meat on them, the coleslaw was also bland.
Considering they just opened...
If this is the best it's going to be then I'm not impressed.

It's Thursday early evening decided to celebrate my grandsons 9th birthday with some BBQ .
Rudy's just opened up so we packed the cars and headed to Avondale.
First impression was these guys don't know  about the AZ heat.
Waited in line outside with the sun beating down on us.
Should have put the entrance on another side of the building, not the west side.
HOT Once inside we found out that all the meats were sold by the pound.. Kinda like a sate fair ambience.
Picnic tables and cafeteria tables with steel folding chairs, not comfortable.
Now the brisket was worth the wait but the baby back ribs were not as I expected.
I've had better in my own backyard .
The chicken was , well chicken.
Let's get to the best part, at least for me.
The beer!
The beer was on ice.
Enough said.
But if I wanted cold beer I would have stayed at Bejardise.
There are better BBQ establishments.
So if your in the mood for some good old fashion BBQ stick with your favorite place, they deserve your patronage.
Sorry Avondale, Rudy's is in Goodyear

I came here expecting for an adventure or run into fellow Yelp reviewer, Melody C.  You see, with her grandiose expectations of this barbeque chain to be on par of her regular dining experiences along the upper echeleons of Scottsdale or Paradise Valley; I had to see this to believe it.
And believe this.
You see, I expected this half-wit bourgie (slang for bourgeouis) to step out of her stretched navigator upon arrival of red carpet and camera flashes.
This place may have been too trite; but understand, I was just a lowly traveler following the drove of Avondalians, Goodyearians, Litchfielder's and heaven forbid...even Tollesoners who made up the greater of South-westerners  who were obviously deprived of Barbeque.
Heck, the lines has been out the door since their opening.
And for good reason!
But not in the eyes of Ms. Melody C.   You see, waiting in line to pay for your own food and than, gasp...be seated next to nice families, old people, maybe families with old people and children or even children themselves with no families; I don't know...but you do have a choice of sitting on a picnic bench that line the sit-downs across.
Melody C. failed to see that there are also individual little mini-benches for Snobs who care not to sit next to normal people.
And why should people like her sit next to people like you and me, folks?
I mean, there is a huge difference and according to Melody C....it's because we don't adorn our homes with just pictures of ourselves with our faces smashed next to a similar looking drunk Snottsdale bourgie while what appears to be flashing a gang symbol.
Alas, it is not folks...be relieved as it is just the hand symbols that represent her greek letter organization.
I expected her to walk past the red carpet, wait in the non-vip line as with everyone else and gently setting her purse down and saying "Ewww" as she notices a guy in a cardinal's jersey stand near her $2,500 prada bag and saying "YOU'RE STEPPING ON MY PRADA BAG!
It's worth more than your paycheck!
Get the ___ off!
"    Yep.
Food - excellent.
Price, great!
It's barbeque and long overdue for South West valley.
Everything is alacarte but not as expensive - line wraps around metal iced troughs with all sorts of bottled soda, beers and delights!
Nice.
Once you get to the counter with 6 people screaming "next!
"  to registers - order your alacartes; they place everything in black plastic bread trays where they slide your non-bourgie card and send you off to the abyss where there is a pickle and pepperonchini, and raw onion bar.
Nice.
Paper towels, plastic utensils, and even rows of butcher paper so that you could go sit next to someone like myself, and some kids, and old people and even Melody C. who is grumbling to herself and can't believe she just spent the lint and pocket change for food only to wait in line and sit on a picnic bench.
By the way.
Did I mention that there are two barbeque sauces on each end of the picnic tables - not the best bbq food I've eaten, but it's dang good and the creamed corn is absolutely delicious.
Family had the jalapeno smoked sausage, BBQ ribs, some loaded potato, pudding, a ginormous rice krispie treat, etc.
Awesomeness.
I went on the Friday before Father's day - I loved it.
Down to earth and awesome.
And the staff there sometimes has hats that are cabella camouflage/duck dynastish and others don't....I think it's a rank system to be wearing that hat and some don't.
I'll figure it out later as soon as I'm done digesting.
A little over $34.00 for family of four....a la carte.
Not bad at all.....sans duck dynasty hats.

Hubby and I are always on the lookout for good BBQ, so when this place opened up not too far from us, we got quite excited!
We noticed the reviews were up and down, but we like to make our own decisions, so we decided to check it out tonight.
We weren't in the mood to "go out", so we ordered our BBQ and went to pick it up.
We chose brisket, pulled pork, baby back ribs, cole slaw and baked beans.
The smell in the car was wonderful, and we couldn't wait to dig into the bag.
Once home, we put everything out on the counter and went at it.
The one overwhelming flavor was pepper...not chili pepper, but cracked pepper.
I don't mind a peppery flavor, but it was everywhere and a bit too much, in my opinion.
The sauces we got were "original" and "sissy".
The sissy sauce was for me, and there was cracked pepper in that, too.
Hubby went for the original, and he really didn't seem to enjoy it too much.
The only thing I found redeeming was the pulled pork, so that's what I ended up eating.
I tried the brisket, but it wasn't to my liking.
Also, the ribs were alright, but they were a bit tough.
The cole slaw was of the chunky variety, it wasn't bad, but wasn't great, either.
However, the baked beans weren't what I was expecting.
In my mind, they're usually somewhat sweet and flavorful.
These were bland and reminded me of bad refried beans.
When we were tasting them, my hubby made a comment about putting them in a burritto, because they looked like some we've seen in Mexican restaurants.
On the good side, we have plenty of white bread to last us through the weekend...they serve it with the BBQ.
I'm sad to say, we were highly disappointed.
Will we try it again?
Probably not.
And, that's too bad, because there aren't really any BBQ places in our area.
I guess we're destined to long drives for the kind of BBQ we enjoy.

After waiting for this amazing place to open I finally made it in and I can say that it was well worth the wait.
I have never been to a Rudy's location that I didn't like this one included.
If you have never been to a Rudy's before then I highly recommend you try it.
If you are looking for a fine dining experience then this is not the place for you.
Rudy's is a place for families to get together and enjoy some good BBQ in a family style, self serve setting.
The brisket is succulent, the chicken is delish, and the sauce is the boss!!

Finally a decent BBQ spot for the far westsiders..been here a few times already... not bad, breakfast tacos are great and even better price.Came back when it was crowded,but my food was to go and the service was fast.
I was in and out in 15 minutes and yet my food was great had jalapeno sausage sandwich with potato salad and beans..all good.
The wife had loaded potato and she enjoyed it... Will definitely be going back.

Great BBQ.
Ordered brisket (lean) and it was a bit dry for my liking.
Added some sauce and it helped.
I should have and recommend the moist brisket.
Added a sausage link, and it was delicious!
Not too many choices for kids.
They do offer grilled cheese (white or wheat bread) and added a bag of chips.
Kids liked it, but again just not a lot for them.
Wife had pulled pork, dabbed on some sissy sauce and she enjoyed it.
Coleslaw and three bean salad were great.
I saw a gentleman seated nearby ordered the prime rib and it looked awesome.
I know what I'm trying next time.
Overall great Texas style BBQ, this side of town needed it!

Awesome place.
The inside looks very flashy.
Great ambiance and feel.
I love the crates you carry your food in, the picnic table type seating and eating on paper.
It all really adds to the charm of the place.
Plus, a loaf of bread for everyone!
You don't think you'll eat it...but you will.
Line was out the door but it was on Father's Day so I can't really complain about that.
The service was very quick for how busy it was, employees do a wonderful job.
The food was great!
As many said, the brisket is a bit dry, but sauce it up and it's just damn fine.
The real shining light is the jalapeno sausage.
If you go here, GET IT.
It's absolutely delicious.
The cream corn is the best I've ever had in my life.
I don't know what they do to it, but it's amazing.
The BBQ sauces were great as well and the green chile stew will not disappoint.
If you don't like spicy, it might be a bit hard for you.
Many parts of everyone's meal at my party were spicy.
Nothing too crazy, but had a kick.
Verdict: Definitely worth a visit.

Food was good and service was friendly.
Place was very loud but it was expected.
The atmosphere was very different from anything I've ever experienced, very country-like...you almost forget you're In arizona!
Wouldn't go there on a date but definitely go back for some filling barbeque.
Also, I loved how simple the menu was.

I have mixed thoughts about Rudy's.
On the positive side, it's an awesome setup with very nice employees.
I LOVED the cream corn and peach cobbler.
This ribs and breakfast burrito were pretty good too.
My husband loved the corn on cob and it looked delicious.
I HATED the pulled pork.
It was so bitter that neither my husband or I could eat it - it went straight into the trash.
They smoke with White Oak, and the bitterness makes your toes curl.
I also didn't care for the cole slaw, brownie or the banana pudding (pudding very bland).
Will I go to Rudy's again?
Definitely yes.
I will try to hone my selections until I get my favorite meal.

The breakfast burritos are amazing and cheap.
The "texas toast" aka a slice of Wonder Bread is pretty lame buuut the BBQ meat, sauce and sides are all delicious.
friendly staff as well

It's good enough for me to come back again but I wouldn't say it's awesome BBQ.
It's decent.
They have a good variety of meats to choose from, by weight.
We had the sausage (best meat selection by far), the brisket (cutter's choice - they have a lean and fatty selection) and ribs (not fall of the ribs meat which is how I like it).
The sides were disappointing - they didn't taste bad but just not a good selection.
There are single tables for private parties but the main area is picnic style.
Casual, bbq style décor.
You order up front and all your food is given to you when you order.
Decent people working there, very patient.
I'd say definitely give it a try.

We were surprised that two BBQ places were right across the street from one another, but I have to say that Rudy's by far was better than the other, although it's nice to have choices.
We had the platter with chicken, turkey, and brisket with a side of corn I believe and the meat was so moist but still hot.
The staple of eating your food out of the crates is dynamite.
I don't get caught up in what I eat out of, as long as the food is good, hot, and moist.
Thank you Rudy's

After reading the reviews for this location, we decided to try it today.
My husband had the baby-back ribs--they had no flavor and were fatty.
the creamed corn was very good but extremely rich so he couldn't finish it.
I had the pulled pork sandwich and green chili stew--both were very tasty with the right amount of heat.
Many of the reviewers indicated that this is the best of the best.
We disagree.
We have had bbq at other places that was a good and in the case of Dillons, better.

Well, as a native Texan, I thought it was the best restaurant barbecue I have had in years!
I had the brisket sandwich that I could quite literally cut with the plastic knife provided.
While real Texas barbecue is smoked, loved and rubbed, you won't find it bathed in sauce, that is always on the side.
I found the sauce to be very good...tangy of lemon rather than vinegar.
Not too sweet like Tennessee sauce.
I prefer my sauce a little spicy but I would consider it mild.
I had potato salad that I thought was good and would rate it 3 1/2 stars.
The baked beans were not what I expected or would consider traditional style, but very tasty, tangy pinto beans.
I would give the beans 4 stars.
I will most defiantly return for more awesome goodness to try other menu items.
I highly recommend this dining experience for the casual style and for the food.

Love it!
Have been for breakfast and lunch.
Had the potato with turkey and it was excellent.
Reminded me of Larry's BBQ is Dothan, Al where I used to get a potato with chicken.
Hubby said the pulled pork sand which was the best he has ever had, but didn't care for the coleslaw.
I like that you seat yourself and carry your own food to the table as it eliminates the usual $8 tip for the two of us at a typical sit-down restaurant....  Also liked that the kids fit well on their large drinks and the straws were easy to remove from their wrappers--hate straws in plastic wrappers as I tend to crack the straw and then it makes it hard to drink.
Line moves fairly fast.
Oh--hubby really like the potato salad.

Rudy's is new to my area and I'm hungover again.
Perfect combo.
Zero wait and on a Sunday that's pretty impressive.
Quick and friendly service was noticeable right off the bat.
I ordered the pulled pork, moist brisket and potato salad.
The moist brisket was fantastic, the pulled pork was a tad dry and the potato salad was about as boring as a house salad.
Altogether good food for a decent price.
I'll be coming back here, most likely hungover.

Fast service, food was good, especially the moist brisket.
They don't have traditional sides like Mac n cheese or corn bread.
The serving trays are about as cumbersome as carrying around an oil derrick.
Oh and there weren't any napkins readily available.

I was super excited when i found out a BBQ place was opening on this side of town.
I have visited on two different occasions, once for lunch and once for breakfast.
I enjoyed the food both time.
My first visit was the lunch visit.
We got the moist brisket and and some baby back ribs, plus a side of coleslaw.
I really really liked the brisket.
That combined with the coleslaw was awesome even though I have had better coleslaw.
The ribs were also good and I liked the regular BBQ  sauce but the sissy sauce was good too.
My next visit was breakfast.
I was very surprised at how much food I got for $1.90.
I went with the 4 item taco- eggs, cheese, potato and brisket.
I got two tacos and could not eat them both.
The second taco I had everything the same except the meat which was chop.
It was a little spicier and had some BBQ sauce.
I enjoyed both and next time I will try the jalapeño sausage to refried beans or one of the other many combinations.
Overall I really like the set up and all of the food I have tried.
I'm ready to go back and try the pulled pork sandwich.

Realy good bbq service is great love this place We had the moist brisket the green chili stew half chicken the best potato salad I have had realy good cream corn and coleslaw

I'm Not A BBQ Expert  I am no BBQ expert (I'm from New York, and I ain't gonna pretend) but I'd have to say on my first visit to Rudy's the quality and  taste of the food  wasn't bad, not the best BBQ around  but you could do worse.
Rudy's Country Store has a nostalgic vibe, from the hand-sliced meat served  on brown paper to the large ice buckets that keep the beer and sodas cold.
Rudy's dinning area is lined with long picnic tables covered in red and white plastic table clothes.
The soft drinks are at a station where you serve yourself, as well as the condiment station with various sauces, pickles, and hot peppers.
On my first visit to Rudy's  I went for breakfast, yes BBQ for breakfast.
Rudys offers breakfast tacos ($1.50), served from 7 a.m. to 10 a.m.
I had eggs, potatoes, and chopped brisket with tomatillo salsa.
The brisket was tender but a bit on the dry side, however,  a little tomatillo sauce  took care of that problem.
What I noticed most about the brisket is the overwhelming taste of cracked pepper.
The taste of the cracked pepper dominated the flavor of the meat.
It was just to much cracked pepper for my liking.
I think on my next visit I will go for lunch and try a sandwich.
The food is okay.
I'm not a big fan of barbecue, so I wasn't that crazy about it, but my friends thought it was finger-lickin' good.

It was ok.
Pulled pork was barley warm.
BBQ sauce was cold and made the pork cold.
The bottles of sauce are big and slippery do to being in the refrigerator.
Really a pain to get the sauce out.
Probably will not go back.
Price was good for BBQ.

Went out to eat with some co-workers at Rudy's last week.
I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was among the best I've had.
They asked if it was my first time, when I said yes I received a free sample of the brisket.
That will be my next meal at Rudy's.

This a place to go if you like MEAT.
If you don't like meat then its not a good choice for you.
So many choices for meat.. Its definitely a place to come back over and over.
Great atmosphere ... Just be warned...
If you go around lunch time expect huge lines.
They really need a much bigger parking lot.

Outstanding BBQ!!!
We had the Brisket Moist the best way to go, pork loin, PRIME RIB OUTSTANDING, sausage link, Potatoe salad, and banana pudding.
The Prime Rib is by far the best.
Everything was perfectly cooked and just like the original stores in Texas.
Only complaint is with the people slicing the meat.
it is very inconsistent in thickness.
The same slice is 1/2 thick to paper thin.
This BBQ should be thicker slices 1/4 to 1/2 is fine.
Also when a pound of meat takes three tries to get to a pound is horrible and slows down the line.
we ended up ordering 5 lbs of meat and it took 13 tries to end up with the right amount of food per type ordered.
Keep in mind this is a buy it by the pound BBQ joint.
Lots of meat choices.
Lots of excellent cold sides.
Plenty of choices for everyone.
Also Lean is low fat so it can be dry.
Moist is fatty but extra flavorful and far from dry.
The prime rib is excellent

Do not be fooled by the full parking lot!!
If it was great the lengthy line would be worth it..
The BBQ sauce had no taste and we had the brisket and pulled pork and after a few bites we swore we would never come back!
Highly disappointed cuz there are not a lot of BBQ places in the area so we were so excited... Oh well, we will just keep hoping for a new place to open..

Very expensive.
Stick to the brisket, sausage, corn on the cob, and potato salad.
Avoid the pulled pork, the baby back ribs were a joke.
Only BBQ place near here so I guess they have me as a customer by proxy.

Okay, so, I'm a fan.
I finally managed to pick a day when there wasn't a line out the front door.
The first time, I ordered some food to go:  chicken, sausage, tater salad, and slaw.
The only thing I would recommend you avoid is the coleslaw, which was bland.
It had an awful flavor and similar consistency of cabbage that has been left outside in the rain, chopped up, and mixed with watered-down salad dressing.
Overall, I enjoyed my first experience.
Keep in mind, that it may take you a few visits to fully understand how to order properly.
If you want a bottle of beer or pop, you grab it out of the cooler (tub full of ice), stick it in a large pail, then fill the pail full of ice to keep it cold.
If you want some sides or dessert, there are some options in a refrigerator before you arrive at the counter.
You simply take what you want and pay at the front.
The second time to Rudy's was also a good experience.
I tried the jalapeno sausage, lean brisket, chicken, and beans.
The beans, sausage, and chicken was good, but the brisket had a distinct lighter fluid / gas taste to the meat.
If this is how their brisket usually tastes, then I will probably just stick with the sausages and chicken.
Also, it appears as though their BBQ sauce consists of crushed pepper corns.
I hate pepper corns.
The sauce is okay just as long as you steer clear of the pepper.
In sum, their air conditioning is awesome and the food is pretty damn good and reasonably priced.
I would definitely return to Rudy's.

Finally was able to get in without a day where the line was out the door.
My sons has the pork ribs, and lean brisket, I had a pulled pork sandwich and we shared the.
New potatoes.
My sandwich was sooo greasy that the bottom bun was completely soaked, my sons lean brisket was even more greasy.
The was papers that the items are served on were so soaked - they ripped on us.
My son liked his ribs but let me warn you 3 ribs are a half a pound and did nothing to fill him up.
The new potatos are literally cut up red potatoes swimming in melted butter.
The BBQ sauce has hardly any taste.
Will not be going again.

Really great BBQ and especially great for the west side.
Wonderful food.
We enjoy the casual and family style dining.
The only complaint is if you come with a group of six it can take a while from the delivery of your first meat until your ready to go sit down.
It can result in colder food than I prefer.

I had Rudy's in New Mexico and it was so good.
Then they opened one up in Chandler, and I was excited!
I was super excited that a Rudy's was opening on the West side.
No more driving 40 mins to get BBQ.
Like always, I love the moist brisket and the baby back ribs.
The corn on the cob was so sweet and good.
I like the Sissy BBQ sauce.
Yes, I am a wimp.

Went here with a large group of people and it was great.
Food is tasty and I love the decor.
A little pricey but it's worth it for some good BBQ.
It was super busy so we waited a while in the line, but that may be because this is a new restaurant.
Overall we had a good experience and I will be back.

If a company is going to engineer an "experience" of waiting in an excessive line, picking your own food out of display cases and servicing your own table then the food needs to be so good that the annoying contrived atmosphere is worth tolerating.
This place doesn't pull it off.
We were lucky enough to not really have to wait long but we were still annoyed even after a couple of minutes.
The counter server was very nice and asked if this was our first time and offered a couple of samples.
The turkey sample was outstanding but the the moist brisket was tasteless and almost all fat.
The ordering process, I imagine, would take a couple of trips to get used to offering no combos, just meat by the pound (or half-pound), sausages, and sandwiches.
They give you your food in a drink crate on heavy brown paper.
Everything after that is self-service, self-serve drinks, self-serve utensils, and a sign that says "Your mother doesn't work here so clean up your mess".
The only redeeming quality was they didn't even offer a tip location on the receipt.
I ordered the turkey sandwich which is just turkey and bun and a half jalapeno sausage, my GF ordered the half-chicken which turned out to be pretty good but not great.
Again, the turkey meat was really flavorful with a nice pepper edge and the jalapeno sausage was pretty good but again, not great.
We ordered sides of creamed corn and green-chili stew.
Both had good flavor but the corn kernels were undercooked and chewy.
They offer Bar-B-Q Sause (their spelling, not mine) at the table.
The sissy sauce is vinegar based and kind of bland and the regular sauce is the sissy sauce with lots and lots of cracked black pepper.
I admit sauces are infinitely subjective and someone may like one over the other but I thought both were ordinary.
Rudy's is a corporate chain store trying to recreate a family-style barbecue place and it shows.
If I could, I would give a 2.5 star rating for the food but the average food quality doesn't balance the excessively informal atmosphere.
Honey Bear's in central Phoenix or on Van Buren is an authentic family-style barbecue place and one doesn't mind the wait or serving yourself because the food is unbelievably good.
In fact I know the more I self-serve at a place like Honey Bear's the less overhead they have to pay and are more likely to stay in business.
Dillon's has excellent food as well and I would go out of my way for a sit-down meal but will probably not be going back to Rudy's.

Pretty good BBQ.
I had the moist brisket, creamed corn and potato salad.
The brisket had a nice, smoked flavor, was tender and somewhat juicy.
It had a good bark on it, too.
I tried a taste of their two BBQ sauces and didn't really care for them.
That's just me, though, because I like mine a sweet, Tennessee style sauce.
Ultimately, the meat should stand alone without the help of sauce.
No sauce was needed.
The creamed corn was really good -- sweet and yummy.
It really complimented the savory flavor of the meat.
The potato salad...not so much.
It's completely commercial tasting.
I didn't realize it until my hubby sat it down and saw it's shipped in from New Braunfels, TX (very close to the BBQ capital of Lockhart).
I will skip that one next time.
They do not have a kids menu, which was disappointing but not a deal breaker.
We did fine with the offerings.
They had turkey, which was very good.
Moist, tender and well seasoned -- they ate it up.
My older son had the corn on the cob -- devoured -- and my youngest had the baked potato (made my own mashed with some butter).
The potato is expensive, but nice sized, that comes topped with butter sour cream and shredded cheese.
My hubby had the brisket, corn and sausage.
He said the sausage was good and flavorful.
Line was out the door and waited about 30 mins.
Love the picnic style seating (real BBQ style) with all your drinks, eating utensils, etc serve yourself.
We will be back again.

Overrated bbq: baby backs ribs were a lil tough, and not even close to falling off the bone.
potato salad was fine, but the cole slaw and Rudy beans were horrible.
The chicken was a little dry but is probably the only saving grace at Rudy's.
Should have driven to Lucilles in Tempe.

I was so hopeful to find a good BBQ place.
I heard great things about this place but wanted to wait until the lines went down from it being new.
Well, I am so sad.
Shared a brisket and a turkey sandwich along with sides of coleslaw, potato salad and a cobbler with my mom.
There was a really bad propane taste to the turkey.
The brisket was ok. Not anything to rave about.
The BBQ sauce you add yourself at the table, which the spouts were clogged.
Now I really thought that they would have some good potato salad and coleslaw being a BBQ place.
I was very wrong.
Not homemade.
Tasted like any store bought deli products.
Ewe.
I guess that I had high hopes for the cobbler.
Was kinda scared to try it after the salads.
Yep disappointed.
I have actually had better frozen store bought.
I hate to do a bad review but really if the food was better I'd totally give it a great review.
I think the whole concept they have is cool and the decorations are totally western BBQ cool.
Even the patio for when it cools down would be great.
But you don't go there for the decorations.

