Great food and great atmosphere.
Like the simplistic of the entrees and appetizers.
Must try 30 hours Sous Vide Berkshire Pork Belly!!!
Unexpected flavor combos that taste amazing!
If your big fan of kimchi try "Kimchi Pasta with Smoked Mackerel" Nice selection of beers as well.
Well done!!

I would say this place is very nice, and the customer service is top notch.
They have the best Tapas that I had in long time, the owner Ryan is great.
He is very friendly.
I would suggest this place to any one who is looking for good tapas and chill and drink beer and wine.
I will be returning soon here.

Not my type of eatery but the food and service was absolutely amazing.
Each dish ( shrimp rock, three beef combo, black noodles) oozed with flavor and was unique.
Even the chicken wings tasted interesting.
I'm by no means a meat specialist, but the one I ate here was one of the best I've ever had.
Wish this place had more stuff for the kids.
Overall A ++++

Located across the Charleston campus, Moko is a contemporary tapas restaurant with a few unique Korean-inspired selections.
I thought the concept was intriguing but to be frank, I didn't know what to expect.
Kimchee tacos maybe?
The cross-culture tapas menu is definitely trending these days so needless to say, I was excited to try it out.
As soon as you walk in, there's a bar at the corner, which is nice because I don't recall any bars in the area.
If you attend CSN or happen to be around the area and need a quick fixer, this seems like a good location.
I mean they have Fat Tire on tap, which is awesome and my favorite :) Because it was a soft opening, I had a chance to chat with the chef, who used to work at a restaurant at the Wynn.
Like most tapas menu, it is inspired to feature 'socialize food' that is best suited with wine or a beer.
With that being said, let's get to the food!
For the most part, you can find what you would expect from a regular tapas restaurant, with chicken wings or veggie choices, so it's really not that unusual.
However, there are a few unique ones such as the Beef Tataki that comes with a homemade Moko sauce, which is seriously addictive.
Highly recommend!
My favorite, and probably the best example for the Korean-inspired dish, is the Black Bean Noodles, which is called Jjajangmyun.
It's pretty simple, just egg, noodles and black bean sauce but it was one of the best I've had.
I liked the menu because it had selections that's unique such as the Beef Tataki and others that's more filling like the Black Bean Noodles.
As for price, I thought it was fair considering the quality of the dish.
However, if you're really hungry, the bill can stack up, but that's pretty much a given in any tapas restaurant!
They are aiming to create a more experiential and enjoyable atmosphere, which I can totally get, just give me a glass of wine!
:) It's a great place to swing by after work or to have a drink with someone that is slightly more intimate than usual, especially in its proximity.
All in all, I was very impressed by the overall presentation and selections.
I'm excited to see how the restaurant evolves as they continue to work on their menu!

This is what a dining experience is supposed to be like:  adventurous and delicious food with impeccable service.
The late hours, classy decor, and Fat Tire on tap are all just bonuses.
The owner and chef taking their time to introduce themselves and discuss their restaurant are the extra above-and-beyond kicking it up to five stars.
Owner Ryan Chang is personable and friendly, full of suggestions to help navigate a menu where everything sounds like something you have to try.
Opted to start with the GLASS NOODLES IN ONION SOUP ($8_, which was delicate and classic in the French style.
Four thin and flavorful slices of NY Strip within the soup add just the perfect amount of flavor, making this an excellent and subtle starter dish.
Followed up with the chef's special, SHRIMP RISOTTO ($12), plated beautifully with an entire, enormous shrimp (possibly actually a prawn?
) surrounded by delicate risotto with mushrooms.
Again, delicious and subtle- Chef Hong's classical training is very much evident in each dish.
Lastly we went for the CHICKEN WINGS ($8 for 6), very lightly breaded and topped in a light sauce that was almost a glaze.
Plated beautifully, again, and accompanied by daikon, which served almost as a palate cleanser.
Had to try dessert- Ryan recommended the special CREME BRULEE ($5), using a berry popular in Asia.
I can't recall it's specific name but the taste was magical, each bite literally tasted different, with notes of sweet, then bitter, sour and a touch salty throughout the dining experience.
Truly an adventurous dish.
Following our dessert, Chef Hong came out to introduce himself and ask how his dishes were received- overwhelmingly positive experience!
Owner made the effort to learn our names over our visit and escorted us out the door when we left.
Stellar service and phenomenal food.
So glad we live so close, we will be making this a regular date night dining stop.
Already planning which dishes we want to try next!

Review is a little more towards 4.5 stars for me~  Items sampled were 30 Hour Sous Vide Berkshire Pork Belly, Black Bean Sauce Noodle, Beef Tataki, Chicken Pottage, and Spicy Chicken Thigh, in that order.
Moko is the newest take on Modern Asian Fusion, though in this case it is a twist on Korean food.
I haven't sampled much fusion Korean, but this first foray had some excellent flavors and the execution of each dish was spot on.
My personal favorite was the Pork Belly - it was tender, but the fat from the pork belly was not too powerful like in some variations.
While the portion is quite small for a 13 dollar price point, the tastes are top notch.
In my How Korean Is It scale (HKII), I'd say it was a 5/10.
Bonus points for the little roasted veggies and the underlying mung bean crepe.
This could be served at any high-end restaurant, as far as I'm concerned.
The Black Bean Noodle was another excellent tasting dish, though this one was more in line with its roots.
I'd say it's like an HKII 8/10.
I was slurping up all the sauce afterwards too.
This one is a little heartier than some of the meat-only dishes.
Next followed the Beef Tataki which had some very tender and moist slices of high quality meat.
This one wasn't particularly memorable to me for some reason, but everything about it tasted great and the presentation was good too.
HKII 6/10.
The Chicken Thigh was probably where I had the most to be picky about - Don't get me wrong, it's an excellent piece of chicken thigh, cooked to be moist and tender and the sauce is quite tasty.
It just lacked some substance - maybe a breading or if it was served with a tiny bit of starch or veggies even.
The sauce puts this at HKII 4/10.
I enjoyed the Chicken Pottage quite a bit - it was the heartiest and most filling dish of the evening and had some very good flavor to it.
Even for a porridge, it looked impressive to me visually.
I don't remember the last time I had Samgyetang so I can't really judge on How Korean It Is...
But my guess would have been like a 6/10.
I would definitely tell a person going here not to expect traditional Korean food but a modern take on fusion.
I'm looking forward to trying out some more of the flavors here as a lot of them were nuanced and complex, compared to your typical Korean dishes.
While I felt my meal was very satisfying to my taste buds, I did feel like I wanted more - now given I was sharing with two other people we could have certainly tried some more but we decided to save it for the next trip.
If there was one thing I could suggest for the menu, I'd like some more heartier options (almost like a filler!
) Moko is a Tapas bar, and Tapas often means you always have the option of paella and such, so having like a shared bowl of "modern" bibimbap or something might be a fun twist on that idea.
Price adds up here, but not so much more than a typical tapas place with a very high quality.
I felt the effort put into each dish, and the plating pictures on the Yelp are not dolled up at all.
Big props to the chef for that and I hope the quality remains!

First off, upon walking in, the decor is warm and modern.
Although they are adding the finishing touches.
Bar area looks nice and inviting.
On to the food... Sampled quite a few dishes Chicken pottage 10 hour pork belly 30 hour sous vide Berkshire pork Braised short rib Smoked mackerel pasta Huge prawn risotto  Cold cucumber soup  Black bean noodoohs "jajangmyun" Hamachi/salmon sashimi  And creme brûlée to top it all off.
All plates were visually appealing and tantalizing to the tastebuds.
Not your typical "Korean" BBQ place.
The cuisine is not a feeble attempt at another Asian fusion joint.
Chef Hong is executing a twist on Korean with a sophisticated palate and playful combinations of flavors.
They are fine tuning the menu as the venue is breaking in but I can see the direction the food is going and it should be a bright and tasty future!
Gun Bae!

I had three thoughts running through my head as my wife and I were walking out.
Outfuckingstanding!!
I am having this, this and this next time.
We better come back soon because popularity is inevitable and I am going to dread when I'll have to wait 30+ minutes for a table.
I'll do it though.
Eating at the bar was great since we were able to chat with Woosuk aka Ryan aka the owner throughout our meal.
He handles everything with Moko except for the cooking.
That's left to Chef Hong who is a goooooodddddaaaamn culinary wizard!!
That guy is a total one man show coming in at 10am daily to prep all their amazing stuff for dinner when doors open at 5pm.
Just discussing the effort and detail Hong goes into preparing plates like the delectable beef short rib (butchering the beef himself, select bones to cook with to enhance the flavor, 3+ hours of cooking etc) was inspiring.
A well presented dish, the beefy fattiness of the short rib accompanied by crispy garlic, gratin and amazing sauce was heavenly.
Christina Perri's "A Thousand Years" was playing while I savored it all and it seemed very fitting.
It's not often that an Asian restaurant includes a spoon for their table setting but Ryan is smart enough to know the sauce for not only the short rib but others like their "Black Bean Noodle" will/need/must be scooped up out of the bowl.
It sure looks a lot more elegant than sticking my face into it.
Genius!
They offer Berkshire pork belly cooked for either 10 or 30(!!!
) hours.
Even though the 10 hour belly is tenderer, how could I pass up 20 more hours of cooking for $1 more?
It was like nothing I'd ever had before.
The soybean paste marinade with the kimchi crepe and their homemade black raspberry marinated salt (who does that???
) was exceptional.
The grilled then chilled eggplant salad with micro greens and tomato was refreshing and flavorful.
We also got an order of the fried soy chicken wings which was like modern soul food with the unique breading and honey glaze.
There was absolutely nothing left but bones.
I entered Moko expecting a decent meal and left having an excellent one.
There's nothing quite like this in Vegas at the moment.
Go go go!

Went for the second time last weekend and had another great experience.
Was pleasantly surprised to see that the prices went down a little!
Food was excellent and prepared perfectly.
I particularly enjoyed the shrimp risotto and the Surf and Turf.
Stone IPA and Fat Tire on draft, pretty much you can order 5-6 dishes with a couple beers and walk out happy and satisfied

I was really impressed by this place.
The food had very good presentation and it tasted very delicious.
This will definitely be my new hang out spot.
The owner and chef were.very nice and attentive.
This is the kind of place you really want to support.

Ok....Time for the "tough guy" to admit he's "met his match".
I am going to have to agree with my friends Phillip T, Stefany V., and the others, and unanimously give it Five Stars!!!
All of you know that if I give 5 stars, you're not going to walk away with out being totally satisfied.
This is the real thing.
I started out with the house salad.
It was almost a meal in itself.
Great collection of mixed greens, with a dressing that should be bottled.
Great starter.
I then ordered the Spicy Bean Salmon.
Unreal!!!!
Could have stopped there, but why, when we were on a roll.
My wife ordered the Spicy Black Bean Noodle.
We shared it.
She said she'll be trying to make this one at home.
I throughly enjoyed it.
To top it off, my wife enjoyed the more than generous portion of Chicken Wings, pictured in one of the reviews below.
It was right on par with one of the best Chicken places in Los Angeles, that makes the trip to LA worth the drive!
After wondering in a wasteland of mediocre and second rate eateries, oh to find this Oasis!!!
Here's the amazing part; the tab was actually under $30 for two.
Ok, you guys trying to impress girls with Gourmet food, on a College Budget; this is your place.
The ambiance is very good, and even though it's tapas, they dress it up with linen napkins and good flatware.
Let's get out there and support this establishment.
We sat and talked with Ryan and as Stefany will attest,  will make it his business to see you have one of the most throughly enjoyable meals at an affordable price.

Omg!
The food here is amazing and delicious.
If you like tapas this is definitely a place to check out.
Oh and Ryan the owner is a pretty cool guy.

Will be back to try more items, but I'm sold on the ten hour pork.
Don't skip out on the braised shortrib.
If you like chicken wings then try the soy wings.
If you don't like mackerel I wouldn't suggest the kimchi pasta.
For me it was good but not my favorite.

First fushioned Korean tapas worth coming to.
I had an orgasmic time eating all these tapas.
My next visit in Vegas I'll be back for another orgasm.
Come one come all.

Per Philip T review...... this place is outfuckingstanding!!!!
Food was awesome had an array of dishes and loved all of them.
I can compare this to the high end restaurants on the strip!
Yes it's that's good!
I usually don't like tapas but this is exceptional.
The decor is very nicely done except there are no cushions on the seats or benches that's the only complaint that I have.
The service was great as well.
Very nice for a date night.
Restaurant is pretty small but very nice.

Frequently in LV and stumbled onto this gem.
Typically when someone says Korean fusion I think of tacos then get depressed because that has been done over and over.
To be fair they also have tacos, which I didn't like (too hard to eat and bulgogi was too sweet), but Ill forgive them because everything else was amazing!
We started with the eggplant salad which was refreshing and a great way to start the meal, then moved into the heavy guns.
Chicken Pottage and Mackerel Pasta were my favorites, the porridge had great flavor and the poached egg added a lot of creaminess.
We also really enjoyed the Monkfish and Chicken Thigh, very delicately prepared.
I wasn't as blown away with the black bean noodle as other reviewers have noted.
Looking forward to trying the pork belly next time.
Happy eatings!

17 of us met here last night for a six course tasting menu and it was a fantastic meal!
We started with rock shrimp tempura for an hors d'oeuvre.
They were pieces of shrimp fried and coated with a chili aioli that gave them a nice tang.
Great started.
The first course was a trio of good food.
We were served house smoked yellowtail, house smoked salmon, and Korean noodles on a bed of kimchi broth jelly (some spicy and part not) with seared beef.
This was absolutely superb!
The sauces on the two smoked fish micro greens and the fish were really very tasty.
For the second course, we got an eggplant salad with grilled eggplant, grilled shishito pepper, micro greens, a cherub tomato and Moko dressing.
Very refreshing with wonderful flavors.
Our third course was spicy chicken thigh stuffed with kimchi and sweet potato with a sweet and spicy sauce.
I'm running out of adjectives to describe the fantastic flavors in this dish.
The fourth course was 10 hour braised Berkshire pork belly.
The pork belly was marinated in soy sauce and cooked sous vide for 10 hours.
It was served with a cherry tomato, a kimchi crêpe, and black raspberry marinated sea salt.
If you look at the photos, you can see the sea salt on the plate.
Outstanding!
The fifth course was beef short rib with garlic and gratin.
The meat was so soft and had a marvelous taste.
Always, there's attention to detail in the courses of this meal.
For dessert, we had omiza crème brûlée.
Omiza is the fruit of an Asian tree that is used often for herbal tea.
It gave the crème brûlée a nice flavor.
We tried to decide what it most tasted like but there was no agreement.
Service was outstanding.
The owner, Ryan, was a very busy guy last night but he was always gracious and explained each dish as he brought them to us.
At the end of our dinner, Chef Hong  came out of the kitchen and talked with us about his techniques and answered questions we had.
This was a great way to end an excellent meal.
What an outstanding meal!

You moko me crazy!
No seriously, is this real life?
Chef Hong killed it last night!
You could really tell that he tasted every morsel and made sure it was exceptional before serving it.
When we dined here, we had the entire restaurant to ourselves!
We were warmly welcomed and received world class service by the owner, Woosuk (Ryan).
He treated us like we were old friends and he was extremely attentive and gracious.
He's definitely a charming and funny character!
We joked around and talked most of the night.
I have never in my life have such an amazing host at a restaurant before, thank you so much Ryan!
This style of dining caters to the food fanatic.
This is not a place where you just eat, just to eat - this is the type of place where you'll want to savor with your eyes closed and let all of the ingredients dance on your tongue in perfect harmony.
There is such a high level of artistry that went into each and every dish that Chef Hong put out.
Seriously incredible.
We tried dishes from every section (salad, meat, soup, seafood, noodle) sadly, except for poultry and dessert.
Oh how I wish my stomach was bigger!
We'll just have to make an event out of those two categories the next time we come then!
It was a privilege to taste each of these plates:  Bulgogi Beef Tacos $9 - 3 tenderloin bulgogi tacos, pear, date sauce, soy sauce, mustard aioli, lime aioli all in a thin crispy shell - The bulgogi was so freaking tender and buttery!
Each little morsel melted on my tongue.
I loved the super thin, delicate and crispy shell they were in.
I'm a sauce junkie so the 3 dots of sauce were not enough for me!
I'll have to make sure to request more of their delicious sauces the next time I come.
10 hour Braised Berkshire Pork Belly $12 - soy sauce marinated pork belly, crisp sweet potato, silky skinned and sweet cherub tomato, Kimchi crepe, black raspberry marinated sea salt - This pork was exceptionally prepared and all of the components of the dish shined.
The pork was extra tender and delicate.
It was seasoned expertly!
Make sure to take a bite of the pork with a bite of the juicy, smooth skinned cherub tomato - that's the perfect bite!
Beef Short Rib $14 - braised marinated prime short rib, crispy garlic, luscious gratin, demi-glace - Is this heaven?
Explosive flavor!
The short rib was so incredibly meaty, rich, buttery, and melt in your mouth good.
The crispy garlic chips added incredible pops of texture and surprising flavor.
I loved it.
The creamy potato gratin was super luscious and addicting - it was the best choice to pair with the short rib.
This was one of my top dishes of the night!
Bean Sauce Noodle $7 - egg white noodle, black bean sauce, pork, onion, carrot, zucchini, green onion poached egg - Oooh you fancy, jjajangmyun!
The noodles were cooked perfect and al dente, the sauce was loaded up on flavor, oh man and the poached egg, you know it, silky luscious egg porn!
This is the best gourmet black bean noodles I have ever had.
Hot Spicy Beef Soup $7 - beef brisket, mung bean sprouts, carrot, onion, green onion, spicy wholesome beef broth - Warmth for the soul.
The brisket was crazy tender.
The broth was very wholesome and comforting.
It reminded me of eating in my best friends grandmother's Korean kitchen.
Eggplant Salad $7 - grilled eggplant, cherub tomato, grilled Shishito pepper, micro green, Moko dressing - This cold dish was very light, delicate, and refreshing!
The grilled eggplant was grilled perfectly and tender, but very smooth and buttery when you bit into it.
I also loved the delicate micro greens, they added pops of beautiful peppery notes.
Shrimp Risotto $13 - sake-steamed shrimp, shiitake mushroom, mushroom risotto - Wow!!!
What an epic finale to our meal!
Chef Hong brought out all of his tricks on this dish.
He used every single part of the shrimp and coaxed so much flavor out of the sweet juicy shrimp head.
He even surprised us with delicious shrimp eggs on our plate!
What a treat!
You could really taste the deep flavor of the sweet ocean in the risotto.
Also, the risotto was extremely creamy and seasoned with precision.
The best part was the shrimp was steamed to perfection!
I'm in love.
Incredible food, great conversation, and wonderful company!
Moko has our vote!
My boyfriend and I enjoyed our evening thoroughly and we couldn't stop talking about them after dinner and the next day (and the next day).
We are looking forward to return very soon.
(Fun Fact: I am Moko's 20th review and this also marks my 200th review!

