First review!
We just had drinks, bread, and olives, and everything was really great!
Very nice ambience.
The rest of the food smells amazing!
The service was excellent.
Will definitely be coming back.

Just opened up - super warm, cozy place.
Great ambience and look forward to taking advantage of the inside/outside bar when the weather gets better.
Plus the Guinness is on tap!
The food is delicious and a bargain.
Prices and portions are great for lunch prices (super affordable) or a light dinner or a heavy dinner where you might want to try a few different things.
I had the baked manicotti with sausage and my wife had rigatoni with sausage.
We enjoyed our meal and look forward to trying a few more dishes soon!
Only thing that was foreign was that you have to pay for warm bread.
Will definitely be back...with friends!

Loved this new place.
Small and quaint but just perfect!!!
Great food and service.
Definitely coming back!
Food was great and lots of selection of beers and wine.
Best new spot to try.

Great spot!
Very unique, a ton of beer on tap.
Food was phenomenal, a must.
Service was great, very helpful and friendly.

Hard to find but well worth the effort!
Tucked away just off Central Ave. kitty-corner from the Heard Museum.
My wife and I stopped in for a quick lunch.
Service was prompt and friendly.
Food was prompt and delicious!
My wife had the Pesto & Mozzarella flat bread and I had the Bacontarian sandwich.
Both were perfect!
The flat bead pizza was incredibly quick.
No problem if you're pressed for lunch time.
A very versatile bistro: an excellent place for a quick work lunch, quaint place for a dinner date, fine for small groups, and it will be a great place for outdoor seating when things cool off.
Hurry before the word gets out!

Genuine & friendly service.
Well priced menu with a variety of options to please anyone.
A repurposed house that maintained some of the original features including my favorite, the tri-fireplace!
Great addition to the neighborhood

What a great experience!
I had researched the location prior to going so it wasn't difficult to find, and it's in such a great spot!
We had no trouble parking (although as word gets out about this place I imagine that will change) and we were greeted warmly by the owner upon arriving.
The ambiance is cozy and inviting, and as they continue to develop the space it will only get better!
My friend had the grilled vegetable salad and I had the proscuitto and pesto flatbread - both quite delicious!
The salad came without the chicken on it that my friend had ordered, and to make up for it we were given the most delicious tiramisu for dessert... didn't have to twist our arms much to take that!
Perfect place for lunch as the service was quick, the prices were reasonable and the food was fabulous!
Looking forward to returning, and when the weather cools off this place could be a regular hangout for outdoor meals and happy hours!

