Friendly staff.
Sushi bar, gelato bar, bbq bar all on site.
Fish and meat counters will cook your food for you on the grill.
And you can drink booze while you shop.
This is a Roundy's superstore, which means the house brand is the old IGA brand, Roundy's.
New, shiny, well-stocked, and a great shopping experience.
If only it wasn't so far out of my way.

I will be the first to admit that I was one Of the many residence of the Grand View neighborhood who was against the grocery store opening.
That being said I am pleasantly surprised with Metro Market and they've changed my mind about the store being apart of the neighborhood.
The Metro Market is the perfect size for the area.
It's not too large to where it takes away from the natural beauty of the neighborhood and for the most park, traffic has remind fairly calm.
The ideal way to describe the grocery store is to say its a combination of Hy Vee and Copps.
The have a very large selection of wines, liquor and offers a variety of fresh items including a deli, sushi stand, cooked BBQ, desserts and pastries and more.
I love looking at their cakes.
They are super colorful and very reasonably priced.
I definitely see myself coming here to pick up small items say for a special occasion like a BBQ or birthday.
However, I am not sure if they are a store where you can grocery shop for a large family.
I noticed some items they sale are also sold at places like Costco and there is a difference of prices.
You would be spending a few bucks more at the Metro Market for some of their wines and sea pak items like the shrimp scampi than Woodmans which is why I believe they are a good place to pick up items versus shopping.
Overall, the store is very nicely designed.
The employees were great.

This place is awesome!
I wouldn't have thought this was owned by the same company that owns the run down, horrible Copp's by where I live on Shopko Road on the east side.
The store is very visually appealing.
Love that they have an ice cream station a sushi bar and other cool things like where they will cook whatever meat you buy.
I'd gladly spend a little more to shop at Metro Market if they would put one in place of the nasty Copps on the east side.

I was a skeptical resident who lives in a nearby neighborhood, but am really impressed with this Roundys store.
Employees are great.
They have a hot bar, sushi bar, dining area, bakery, and many other sections I have not gotten to yet.
I find myself going here a lot to pick up dinner or small grocery shopping through out the week.
It's very convenient.

The thought of this place made me so angry, but now...I LOVE IT!
They have double coupon day, just like their friends Copps and Pick and Save.
They have an amazing baking counter.
Wine, wine, wine!
Make your own six packs 5.
OR just buy a six pack, they have a great variety!
Pulled pork or brisket sandwiches!
They come with sides for $5 or $6 7.
OR buy the meat by the pound, buy the rolls separately and you will save a few dollars (but this is not a good option unless you are going home).
A variety of international foods 9.
Products you can not get anywhere else (Can you say 5 kinds of yogurt covered raisins?
) 10.
Rewards programs for their smoothies, gelato AND coffee.
Buy ten, get the 11th free (they keep track on your fresh perks card).
11.
Amazing customer service.
A week ago, they really messed up my coffee.
I could not wait for it to get redone.
I filled out a survey about my experience and within two hours Amber, a member of their customer service team, was at my door!
Wow!
They brought me coffee, flowers and a gift card!
Who does that?!
Well they wontme over.
12.
A more in depth hot food counter.
Need lunch?
They even have picnic tables out front.
13.
Creamer?
Tired of three options at your local store.
They had more than I could count.
I love coffee.
14.
Sample day?
Not  just cheese.
I sampled ice cream.
Yes, you heard it.
15.
Affordable paper supplies/school products.
I paid 79 cents for a pack of note cards.
WOW!
They beat target on those!

