Re-decorated, re-named, new menu, new chef, new new new.
Was fortunate and grateful to get a table at the soft opening.
Gonna miss mucho gusto.
Seared scallops for the appetizer were really fantastic, if not just a tad too sweet--they're in a bed of "gran marnier syrup.
" The black bean mango soup with chorizo is fantastic.
Will get it again next visit.
The duck was very very good, although just a little chewy.
The half roasted chicken was the best of all the entrees I tried.
Prices here are higher than what they were before, although the dishes have the quality and presentation to justify it.
No entrees under $20 makes me wonder if the heart of a college town is the best location for them, but our server told us a happy hour will start once the grand opening happens.
All the servers are awesome, attentive, knowledgeable of the menu, and friendly.
Great beer selection, and extensive wine list as well.
Definitely plan to return.

I've been a long-time fan of House of Tricks and Chef Kelly's work there, so it's no surprise that he's bringing it to the waltz, so to speak, just a few blocks away at The Revival.
We swung by for lunch today and I had a fantastic short rib sandwich with great fries, while my lunchmates thoroughly enjoyed their grilled cheese, duck sliders, and reuben sandwich.
The host and server were quick and took care of things, and while they're still getting their build-out situated, the food was completely fantastic.
I'm excited to try out dinner.

Once I knew "The Revival" had opened I convinced a group of friends to go check it out with me over drinks and appetizers.
I am proud to say that we now have a place in the 85281 area code that is doing some serious work with cocktails.
I had the figitabout it, made with local whiskey and local figgy pudding bitters and it was delicious - a bit smooth for me but a unique and interesting cocktail with strong local roots.
Others had the cocktails off the happy hour menu and thought they were well balanced and delicious - I also had a Rye IPA from Hess brewery, and it was good - only thing, waiter needs to pick up the glass and pour at an angle versus directly into the glass - much larger head of foam than needed and I would like to see chilled glasses, if at all possible.
When it is summer in Phoenix we need every bit of coolness we can get - from a drink perspective I would say wine and cocktails rule but a good selection of craft brews.
As for food from the appetizer menu, the ribs were the favorite of the group - they rocked!
We also tried the grilled chicken wings - good but I would brown and then grill them, like they do at La Grande Orange.
We also had the scallops on top of the breaded and fried avocado.
One person at the table though the scallops were a bit raw for her but I look at scallops like I look at seared tuna - it should just brush the grill and that is it so I thought they were delicious - though a bit more pricey at $13 for two full scallops versus $5 or $6 for most other appetizers at happy hour prices (by the way, happy hour is 3 pm to 6 pm).
They do offer a brunch but please know that until September, it is only on Saturdays - I find that a bit odd since I'm a Sunday brunch sort of guy but hey, I'll give it a shot in a few weeks.
The music is old school jazz and 50s and the service is good - I think the chef is still feeling out the food for this location after a decade at house of tricks and the plating definitely has shades of that location.
I hope to see more innovation in the cocktails and the waiter noted that he was encouraging the chef to  do seasonal cocktails.
I have a feeling that I'll go 5 stars after a few more meals but want to go several times before I give up that final fifth star - this is definitely a place I would go to for an early dinner if seeing a Broadway show at Gammage.
All in all, I thought mucho gusto was good but this place has that sort of Brooklyn food ethic that makes for some unique eating for those of us in the land of eternal sun.
Go try it out and I look forward to reading your reviews!
:-)  Note, I also went back the next night for just "a" cocktail and for one of the apps I had not tried - I got the Asian pork belly this time and it was delicious - then my neighbor sends me a text about  getting a drink and I invite him over and then I end up having the shrimp and chorizo app (delicious) and another cocktail and we started to get to know one of their amazing bartenders, Trent, and then one of the wait staff, Tory, recommended some other places for cocktails in Phoenix and David, the amazing waiter and cocktail expert recommended some other drinks and then my neighbors wife comes over as well and we do dinner (had the duck confit, good but hey folks, more food, big guy and all - but it was  tasty), then my other neighbor comes over and we do desert and coffee - so let's just say my expected $20 tab ended up being about a $100 but hey, I had a great time the whole time and learned a lot about vintage cocktails - look forward to sitting on the patio and enjoying the cooler weather - they said they are looking at doing brunch in September when the weather cools down.
One thing would be fun, if the chef had time to walk out every now and then and to ask the guests how they like the food - at a place like this it is nice to eat the food and then connect with the chef - sort of like going to a film festival and meeting the director - I think that will help drive a connection with the community and bring people back - oh, cocktails, try the purple (or was it blue) daisy and the date night, and if Trent is there, try his pre-prohibition old fashioned with Maker's Mark - delicious!

Chef Kelly consistently hit it out of the ballpark tonight.
The Revival is even better then tricks- and I used to eat at tricks a lot.
As always the pork belly was out of this world- as was the duck and the scallops.
Nice wine list, and great cocktails.
I was even impressed by the coconut cream dessert.
The neighborhood needs a chef like you who has vision and can really cook.
Yes, it is a little more pricey then other neighborhood restaurants, but it is well worth it for the quality, artistry and thought that goes into the dishes.

O.K.
I wrote it on their website, but I want to share the joy... R for RESPECT:)  What a great dinner!
Just got back from Italy and couldn't believe that the mozzarella tomato dish here was even better!!!
The Harissa creamed shrimp is a must!
The salmon with plums was excellent as well as the short ribs!!!
Thank you Chef Kelly for your  yummy twist in every dish.Thank you David for the professional service.
Loved the beautiful presentation, the simplicity of the place, and the affordable prices.
Chad Withycombe cooked something real good for us here... R for RETURN:)

Found out about The Revival after sifting through 17 pages of the same old Yelp results looking for a place for lunch - I live and work in Tempe and am running out of new places to eat, so I was stoked to find out that this place had opened just a few weeks ago.
As soon as I read about the chef's association House of Tricks, I knew I had to go.
We got there around 11:40, which was perfect because it was right before the lunch rush started rolling in.
Being a new restaurant, I wasn't sure if it would be busy, but it was once it hit noon.
Clearly the word is spreading fast!
Everything on the menu looked amazing, but I decided to start by trying the Charred Korean Pork Belly sandwich, which was great.
The flavors actually reminded me more of Banh Mi than Korean food, but being Vietnamese I can't complain.
:)  The atmosphere was casual and relaxed.
A great place for lunch, but I can also see myself coming here to unwind for dinner and drinks during happy hour.
Basically, I just left and I already can't wait to go back!
It's definitely a place I can see myself frequenting in the future.

Chef Kelly is an amazing chef and working his magic at the Revival now.
Had dinner here with some friends a couple nights ago and it was amazing.
We started with the chorizo/shrimp and sweet potato croquettes for appetizers which were out of this world.
Dinners were the tuna, salmon and the short ribs.
We all ended up sharing entrees with each other as we couldn't decide which entrée was better than the other.
Great atmosphere and super attentive staff!

