The Vig has done it again.
The new McCormick Ranch location brings the same good vibe, appealing decor, tasty food, a nice selection of drinks, and friendly service to the neighborhood, as it has done in a few other Greater Phoenix locations.

We were invited for a preview brunch last Saturday.
They did a really nice job with the space, even though it was smaller than the other locations.
Our server was fantastic; super friendly and attentive.
I got the chilaquiles, which was delicious.
I also got a Bloody Mary, which I asked for spicy, and they delivered!
Overall I was really impressed and I'm very happy to have a Vig in my neighborhood!

Nice place, packed on the soft opening.
The vigazz burger was tasty, but I thought the wings were the highlight - my friend loved his fish tacos   Our server Kelsey was very nice and accommodating, especially considering it was so busy.
My only qualm was the misters were angled down on tables and very powerful, soaking our table, and two members in our party- We asked to move inside, but they ended up turning off the misters-I felt really bad because it affected other people, but I could tell some were relieved as the ladies hair was getting frizzy

First time today.
The experience was great.
Food is fresh,  drinks are excellent.
Bloody May bar for $4 with Titos!
Grey Hound with freshly squeezed grapefruit.
Attention to detail.
Sandra, Lauren and George,  you made a great first impression.
Great addition to McCormick Ranch!
I will be back,  for sure.

Exactly we had anticipated,  this will be a great place to have in your foodie book.
Good job Vig McCormick Ranch

Finally a Vig in my neighborhood.
We have enjoyed the Vig Uptown for years, now their great food is on McCormick Ranch.
We loved their eye for detail with the design of this new building.
They offer a large outside patio plus casual elegance inside.
The food is consistently good, from well prepared burgers, to elegant entrees.
The bar was always busy with both the cocktail crowd to diners eating at the bar.
The noise level in the bar side can be LOUD!, especially with all the hard surfaces.
It could use some sound deading, and, not great for intimate conversations.
The food is the star.
Burgers prepared fresh and as ordered.
Note to the kitchen, On last visit their regular fries were way too salty with their spice blend.
Their salads and sandwiches are excellent.
They offer a full bar with a large wine selection.
And, remember half-priced wines on Sundays.
There is plenty of parking.

Ist time at the new location, been to the others.
Food was exceptional.
Decor is outstanding.
Comfortable, but kind of small.
Neighborhood should love the place.
Our only bad comment would have been the service.
Sat at the bar, bartender seemed more interested in talking to others than making sure we were taken care of.
No big deal, probably just the newness of the place and being chatting with new patrons... We were one, not that chatty to us.

We are SOOO excited that there is finally a cool, non-cookie cutter, non-chain (need I say more!
) restaurant in our neighborhood!
I used to live downtown and went to the Vig all of the time.
Their food is creative and delicious, and the atmosphere is fun!
I went to the McCormick location for the first time last night and got my favorite dish: the deconstructed fish tacos...they hit the spot as always!
Their wine selection is great, and my friend had a mixed drink that was very tasty!
We sat at the bar, as there was a pretty long wait on a Friday night.
Both bartenders we interacted wtih went out of their way to be friendly and attentive.
My husband and I are headed back this morning for Saturday brunch :)   FYI - the angry review below is likely representative of the sour grapes crew who didn't want a hip restaurant moving into McCormick Ranch.
My friends and I are SO excited and are willing to spin those big arrow signs on the side of Hayden to make sure the Vig is a success at this location!

The food was good, but 1 star due to the horrible service.
We had to get up and find our waiter several times as we waited an hour for our drinks, then he forgot to put our food order in, then never checked on us so waters were never refilled (on the patio in 110 degree temp), never got our condiments we had asked for and the bottomless mimosas for $15 were really "1 mimosa for $15 because no one will ever come by to give you another".
Overall bad experience and won't be returning, the Arcadia Vig is MUCH better.
Don't waste your time here!

Awesome place to hangout with friends and family!
Great food and fun environment.. We ordered chicken wings, chicken sandwich, fish taco- they are AMAZING!
Server is really helpful.
We were watching World Cup there, the manager I think his name is Geroge was really professional and nice to accommodate with what we need.
Will go back soon!

I honestly can't form words to write a review.
So, it'll be easy.
Service has been awesome, the place is fun, and the food is freaking delish.
The tater tots - get them!!!
They're house made and perfect.
The Hot Chick - Pretty awesome!
The Vig Dip (sans mayo) - Amazing!!
The Black Bean Burger - Best I've ever had, seriously.
The Carne Asada on Potato Pancake - There really are NO words.
I inhaled it and licked my plate.
I want more now, so I'll see you soon :)  The french fries and onion rings are great, too!
Also, the jalepeno dip you get with the tater tots is out of this world!
The manager brought us more and I put that ish all over my carne asada.
My husband loved it too.
So that's that.
I'm drooling now :)

Another hit from the Vig!

We went to lunch here at 1 pm on a Tuesday and it was packed.
We sat at the bar and had a great meal.
The food was delicious and the French fries were nicely seasoned.
I like how they play with flavors and make it all work.
The place is decorated nicely.
It is loud but you can still have a conversation.
Staff was very attentive.
Very small place though.
So no matter what off time you go - you will wait or dine at the bar.

So this was not my first time at The Vig restaurants, normally I go to the vig uptown and it LOVE that one.
But this new location was a disappointment.
It wasn't as big and open like the one in uptown and the service was not the best.
Our server (who I did not get the name) had such an attitude when he approached our table and never smiled once.
He would walk away before we were finished with our questions and rolled his eyes.
He would disappear for 20+ minutes and eventually we asked another server for help.
The other server was great and kept checking in on us more than our actual server!
Food was good as always!

