Well, what can I say??
I was impressed when I went to visit these guys in Glasgow and I'm equally impressed with their Edinburgh outfit.
They have jazzed up the space that used to be Urban Angel and given it their own twist.
The burgers are run down your hands juicy and the wings tasty and succulent.
The shakes could do with being a bit thicker but that's about my only quipe.
Service was casual and friendly.. We were seated as soon we arrived.
All in all, it's a great addition to the Broughton St 'hood.

Hmmm...After going along to BMB on its opening day on the 4th July, I've been humming and hawing as to what to write.
I so very much wanted to enjoy this place.
It's always an amazing day when you find that a fairly pretentious coffee house is being replaced with something a lot less so!
The restaurant is literally across the road from my work and would be an excellent Friday treat for myself and the rest of the office.
The decor is typical of a lot of places these days - exposed brickwork, unpainted woodwork, hodge-podge furniture etc.
And the staff were very accommodating and friendly.
All very much a positive, imo.
There were 4 of us in our party and the 3 guys all opted for the cheese burger, and 2 of them had fries on the side, and I being veggie, had the 1 option on the menu - the Magic Mushroom Burger.
All burgers cost the same amount: £7.50 and this is where things get a bit....erm...meh....
The food arrived around 30 minutes after we sat down.
We were all presented with greaseproof paper mats, on top of which came our paper-wrapped burgers.
Call me old fashioned, but I like plates or boards to eat off of!
This is essentially fast food at gourmet prices.
My £7.50 got me a brioche bun with a mildly spicy bean patty, a mushroom, a dollop of crème fraîche, a bit of salad and a mildly spicy salsa.
It's important to note that all sides are separate.
I remember looking enviously at the gherkins which the guys seemed to have and thinking that just a bit of 'pep' might have changed my entire experience.
There's a common misconception that veggie sometimes means bland.
Maybe the introduction of some spicy condiments might help out here.
I felt a little short-changed, if I'm honest.
The Southern, for example, offers a multiple choice of veggie options and comes with a side of fries and a side of slaw for around 50p more.
I really don't want this to be a damning review, after all the 3 guys who I was with absolutely loved their meals, but I just came away feeling that the vegetarian option was simply tacked on to appease folk like me.
I will go back as my better half wants to check it out, but I think the next time I really want a burger, I will go to the Southern or Wanaburger and get a hell of a lot more bang for my buck, both in terms of value and actual sustenance.

Love this place.
We visited Glasgow site last summer after hearing about it and and were super delighted to hear of Edinburgh opening, ON THEIR FIRST BIRTHDAY too!
We just randomly arrived when we could, which happened to be 3.30-4pm on a Thursday, so it wasn't busy, but we didn't want a busy place so suited us!
They've done great things with the space (much improved and simplistic) and actually we instantly found the chilli fries and wings to be superior to Glasgow...the burgers (fiery ones) were delicious but the actual meat alone was dry and overcooked slightly..Altogether it was still a brill tasty burger experience and you could tell the meat was good, but it had turned kind of grey and dry and we were super glad of all the accompaniments....  We were charged extra for bacon we didn't ask for, but we DID ask for cheese so didn't say anything at bill time, though only one of us got cheese and both got bacon - pretty strange mistakes for an empty restaurant...
But we heart new indy places owned by enthusiastic-hard-working individuals who just want to get the message across that their product is simple, delicious and affordable.
We'll be back....again and again!!!!

