I loved the movie reveal!!
FilmBar is already one of my favorite spots downtown and so this was a BONUS!
It reminds me of my favorite Indie theater I used to go to all the time in college.
Being able to see Wayne's World...a movie whose lines I used to have almost completely memorized...was EXCELLENT!
I'm fairly certain almost all of us broke into song during Bohemian Rhapsody.
Each time I've been to FilmBar I enjoy seeing the different local art pieces and sampling local brews.
I really hope to be able to come to the rest of these secret Arizona films too.
Thanks again for an awesome time Lindsey!

Great theatre with a retro feel.
Grab a glass of beer, hit the food truck or grab a popcorn and enjoy the show!
They have oldies, classics and indie films.
This place is great.
I don't want to reveal the movie, but let's just say it was EXCELLENT.
I can't wait to go back!
Thank you Lindsey D., Short Leash and a big thanks to FilmBar for hosting.
What a great event!

Oh my gosh!
We got to see Wayne's World!
FilmBar is one of my favorite places to grab a drink.
And now I've finally seen a movie there!
It's a wonderful theatre with a retro vibe.
You can't beat having a bar right in the lobby!
(Priorities, I have them.
)  FilmBar was oh-so-very-graciously generous.
I used my drink ticket to enjoy a wonderful Malbec.
Fancy!
I stuffed 'ma belly right before the show with Short Leash heavenly food.
(Thanks for the tasty nibbles to sample!
) The jalapeño popper was right up my alley.
I had *no* idea the regular 'dogs were So.
BIG.
Bejeebers.
And yet I managed to 95% finish my Aiko (complete with gooey mango chutney, jalapeños, red onions, cilantro and mayo).
I love how they have a standard menu, but, also allow you to custom build a 'dog.
Next time Irene PACE YOURSELF.
Fabulous fun event!
I can't wait to return to catch another Staff Pick in the July series.
Thank you Film Bar!
Thank you Short Leash!
Thank you Lindsey!

That was awesome!
Show up, see some friends, have samples from Short Leash, order dinner from Short Leash, get a nice cold cider, see a movie.
And what a fun surprise - Wayne's World!
So many scenes brought back great memories - and a couple of great moments I'd completely forgotten about.
I love the concept - show up and see a surprise movie - all we know is it was at least partially filmed in AZ.
Lots of good guesses - lots of audience participation - LOTS of fun!
Thank you FilmBar and Short Leash and Lindsey!
A great evening out - and I can't wait to do it again!
I'd never been to FilmBar before - and definitely look forward to heading back - what a great venue!
Always nice to see a movie I wouldn't get to see anywhere else - and a decent selection of wine and solid selection of beer to enjoy while watching the movie?
SCORE!
Several upcoming movies I'm looking forward to checking out here.

What a wonderful idea for a monthly film series at a wonderful local cinema.
I was transported right back to NY and the original movie theaters of my childhood.
Well, all except the fact this one has a bar, a cool lounge, and some great art hanging on the walls.
lol.
I had never been here before so was very happy to score an invite.
My "Plus One friend" loves it here so she was raring to go.
I adore the Roosevelt Row area so much so we added this to the really cool things to do in Downtown.
Bonus points for eating at Trumpets Ale before the gig.
Two new places in one night on Roosevelt Row spells awesomeness.
We tried all day to guess which "surprise, locally filmed movie" they were going to show.
I kept guessing "Raising Az" because it is the SunDevil in me.
CG hates that one.
We sparred all day.
I crossed my fingers she wouldn't just walk out if they played that one.
All her picks were awesome too!
We hope to see any of them in the next few months as Yelp picks.
Surprisingly, it was really exciting to go to a theater when you had no idea what movie was going to be shown until the credits started flowing.
( I see this as a new home movie party trend)  Az has a long history of movie magic and we had over 200 films to chose from.
We were all on the edge of our seats.
When the first words to pop up were "A Lorne Michaels Film" We heard a loud, "WOOP!
" from some fellow Rowdy Yelpers.
I still did not know which SNL film it was until the title popped up.
I was pretty surprised.
I thought I knew most of the films on the local list but forgot about Wayne's World.
Lol-- how funny.
I relived some of my eighties college music days and definitely those hair band experiences growing up on Long Island listening to Metal/Rock groups like; Zebra, Alice Cooper, and Poison.
(Just to name a few)    We had a great time tonight.
We can not wait to go back.
Coincidentally, I had just watched "World's End" last night.
FilmBar is having a "Shaun of the Dead" party on the 25th.
I think I heard something about a Zombie Pinata, and that dressing up party Shenanigans were predicted to ensue.
Yes, please.
Thanks Lindsey and Filmbar Gang for bringing back my "College, "EH-Hem," I mean "Ballroom-- Blitz" drama days.

Really enjoyed drinking wine and watching Wayne's World last night.
I can't wait to go and enjoy another movie at The FilmBar.
It was comfortable and inviting and such a cool set-up!

WAYNE'S WORLD!
WAYNE'S WORLD!
Party time!
Excellent!
What a great movie choice for the first Yelp Secret Cinema!
We laughed our butts off at Film Bar in a fun private showing of the 90s classic Wayne's World!
The event was as casual as a Tuesday evening, but way more fun!
We had dinner from Short Leash Dogs and a free drink on the house!
I went for the chicken dog and added some of my favorite toppings and a sweet pear cider.
Now, I was all set for the movie!
Lindsey wouldn't tell us the movie before it started.
Duh it was a secret!
We sat in suspense for a minute, but when the opening credits started many Yelpers had a clue!
It's funny, my plus one (Leigh C.) had NEVER seen Wayne's World before.
She was just a tot when the movie was popular and it was hilarious to see a person watch Wayne's World for the first time!
Good pick!
Party on Yelp!

Fab concept:  - Test out a new (well, new for me, as I hadn't been to Film Bar previously) independent cinema - Get your drink on with a generously gratis beer or wine of my choosing - Short Lease Hot Dogs oh-so-conveniently parked outside.
Plus....samples of their appetizers?
Heck to the yes!
Add in the excitement and anticipation of not knowing what filmed-in-AZ movie was going to be shown, and you have a perfect weeknight event!
Now that I know the movies don't actually have to be "based" in Arizona, i have some awesome ideas of what may be next.
And not to mention some great Filmbar date ideas should my online dating attempts pan out :)  Thanks Film Bar, Yelp, Short Lease and my fun fellow Yelpers for a great time!
PS - Where do we get the post-movie trivia answers?

Wayne's World....Short Leash...at the FilmBar.
Need I say more?
This was a great Tuesday night adventure.
Wayne's World took me waaaaaay back and I had not had my favorite Aiko with a chicken dog from Short Leash in ages!
Great Yelp coordinated outing as usual!
Thanks Lindsey and the Yelp crew.
Thanks Kelly A and his staff at the FilmBar.
This place it the bomb any day of the week.
Thanks Brad and Kat and their Short Leash bunch for having your trailer available for the event.

Great Time!!
Funny movie!!
Loved going to the Film Bar for the first time!
The tables so you can eat are fantastic!

This event was my favorite event in a long time.
Lindsey did a fabulous job of setting all of this up and keeping the movie to be played completely hush hush.
I absolutely love FilmBar.
They always have a great beer and wine selection, wonderful staff, and a wacky selection of art film.
The movie for the night was Wayne's World, one of my all-time favorites.
So naturally I was beyond thrilled to have been invited.
Had a super "Foxey" date, (Can you say that about a guy?
) and a delicious dog from Short Leash, and a fabulous time.
Thank you Lindsey, FilmBar, and Yelp for a fantastic evening!
Party time, excellent!

What a horrible time yesterday... shYEAH - and monkeys might fly out of my butt!
As always, Lindsey's event went off without a hitch.
It was great to see a few fellow yelpers I knew, and a few more I had not yet met.
Immediately arrived to a drink ticket, Short Leash was outside (c'mon, they rock) and we were all kind of excited to watch a movie with one another.
The previews were great, the service was great, and I was excited when the title came up - as it had been at least 20 years since I've seen Wayne's World!
I had forgotten how many hilarious lines / scenes were in it that I still quote today.
Bravo - what a great time and can't wait for the next one!
p.s.
this was my first time visiting Film Bar - and I will most definitely be back, I love the vibe there and they show some pretty sick cult classic type movies there.
Plus, the beer selection is better than you'd expect for a movie theater!

