To be honest, I was a bit sad to see the previous restaurant that was in this space (Pellini) go.
However, Fired Pie was quite an enjoyable lunch experience, so I'll certainly cope just fine coming here instead.
I'd seen a few other Fired Pies around town, so seeing a local franchise grow a bit more is kinda a neat thing.
The whole setup is pretty ideal, having a fixed price for a custom pizza or salad is a great idea as we all hate getting nickeled and dimed (or dollared) for adding toppings.
And for something that gets baked in an actual fired oven, it's pretty darn quick.
I had my pizza in under 5 minutes.
The place is comfortable, clean, fairly priced, and has ample seating, even around lunch time.
In all, $10 for a tasty personal pizza drink made for an enjoyable visit.
I'll certainly be back.
Can't really find anything to complain about here, perhaps I'll update my review the more I dine here.

Met a friend here for lunch, and didn't really know what to expect.
I got there, and felt like I was at Which Wich.
I ordered a pizza, and it was basically built right in front of me.
Then, before I know it, I was eating.
It took me less than 30 minutes to order and eat on a busy day at noon.
I have only been once, but I will be back.
This place rocks.
Oh, and their salads are HUGE!
The pizzas are all personal pan, but I can see myself going with a date and getting a salad and a pizza.
Maybe a bottle of beer, too.
I love it.
Cheers to a new lunch spot.

People, support this place!
This business is very generous.
Just las week they gave free pizzas to EVERYBODY that showed up.
I sadly didnt get one because the line was wrapping around the corner and i only have a 30 min lunch, but any place that gives away free pizza and lets you put as many toppings without charging more is the type of place to support.
It sends out a great message.
Plus, The pizzas are awesome.
Today though I was in the mood for a salad.
I gotta say...
The toppings didnt look like much but they heated up the meat and I added some veggies...
It was DELICIOUS...
Truly tasty toppings.
I dont eat much salads but i'm hooked.
Stop by.
Its affordable and delish!

Saw the new sign recently and decided to try for lunch over the weekend.
It's basically the same layout as the former Italian Pellini (RIP) with a change of menu to pizza and salads.
You order and the pizza is constructed in front of you by very eager staff.
We very surprised at the speed of delivery on the pizza - and it was real pizza, very fresh with a nice thin & crispy crust.
We had a pepperoni and one of the suggested creations Hawaiian BBQ (substituting tomato sauce for BBQ).
At $7.95 for 11" personal sized pizza or salad of your choosing, I'm sure we'll be back.
If you're on a time crunch and have a hankering for real pizza, give this place a go.
Hey even the guy from Five Guys Burgers down the strip came in for a to-go order!
The only neg to note was a staff member met up with some friends and they all went outside for a smoke on the patio.
Right outside the front door.
Clearly a violation of the AZ smoking laws.
We were on our way out so we held our breath and blew through the smoke.
Still, management should be aware and reminding staff of smoking laws.
If we were on our way IN, this would have been a real turnoff.
In cooler weather, the patio would be a very nice place to enjoy a meal al fresco.

Best gluten-free pizza hands down!
I've tried them all lol.
And for a great price too, even with gluten-free up charge.
Love this place!

