Close to work, I am so pleased that Presto Cafe has opened a Henderson location at Stephanie and the 215, offering their healthy options on this side of town.
If you've never been to the Presto in Southwest Vegas, you probably don't know that PC offers up breakfast, sandwiches, coffee, smoothies, juices, salads, and pides (Turkish flatbread, pronounced 'pee-day').
There are vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free items on the menu, something for everyone.
I met Shirley B. here for a late lunch and we both had sandwiches, turkey for me and the vegetarian for her, plus she had their beet salad.
Both sandwiches were a nice size, easily big enough to have one half now and the other half later; that's what Shirley did, but I was piggish and ate the whole thing there.
Consisting of turkey, applewood bacon, cheddar cheese, avocado, tomato, lettuce and mayo on a toasted cranberry walnut bread, PC's turkey sandwich is an especially hearty and tasty version of an item that tends to be boring at most places.
Located in the same shopping plaza as Gold's Gym, I'm sure the fitness fanatics are happy that PC is here, too.
It's also right next door to Gimme Some Sugar, so if you want to be fit first, then a little fat later, you can kill two birds with one stone.
Open from 8:00am-8:00pm daily.

Hopefully this place gets better and better as time passes..
Solid 4 stars for the food but gotta give them a 2 for service at my first visit...
Tried to call in food, for I only have a 30 min break, but phone line only kept ringing..
Since it's very close to work I didn't think it would take any longer than 15 mins to get in and get out..
Boy was I wrong!
35-40 minute wait for my Greek Salad and Hanger Steak!!!
Two ladies that may have been there way longer before me didn't get their food until 20 mins of putting my order in.. May I add that the three of us were the only customers there..   One thing I noticed was quite a handful of people walked in to ask for a physical menus but PC did not have them..
Yet?
So they had walked out..  Let's talk food : ($6) Greek Salad - (coworker had this item) HUGE portion!
Fresh and tasty..
Except the fact that they forgot the vinaigrette ..   ($14) Hanger Steak Chimichurri - comes Truffle Israeli couscous, risotto style.
Steak was tender, cooked properly and the couscous was creamy.
I did find the chimichurri to have tasted more like pesto ..
Overall satisfied with the food but I was just disappointed of the long wait..
I get the whole soft opening, training, they're new part..
But 35 mins is just way too long..
I'll be giving them another chance in a month or so..

Barely open less than a week and I've been here three times already!
There's no doubt Im really diggin' this new cafe.
If you worked up an appetite at the gym nearby, they have great healthy options for you here!
When I feel like a carnivore or not , they've got it covered too.
What appealed to me was the superfoods like Kale, Beets, and Quinoa in the salads and the artisinal breads and cheeses used for the sandwiches.
All healthy, fresh ingredients, and mega delish!
My orders so far have been salads, their vegetarian sandwich and custom made juice.
The prices are inexpensive, my meals so far have averaged $11.
That's pretty good for a place that specializes in healthier choices.
You know my gripe about healthy smoothies and juices that cost as much as my lunch.
(ahem PH) Well here it's much more reasonable.
So you healthy smoothie fanatics might want to try it for sure.
Nice variety of salads in their cold case display that you can choose from.
Sold by the scoop starting at $2.75 depending on which salad you get.
You can add side of protien to it also.
Scoop equals about a small bowl portion and it didn't leave me starving.
The first time I was there I got two different salads and couldn't finish it.
== Mint Vinaigrette== what a novel idea for the the Kale, Quinoa, Cranberries, Cashews, Feta salad!
Dressing light and compliments with the Kale.
And Beets, and I detect Oranges?
Something citrusy.
Ingredients are the perfect engery/refuel booster before or after your workout at the gym.
The Tandoori Chicken with mango and coconut and Cauliflower Kale with raisins are the more exotic creations spiced with curry...and you know I love yellow curry.
Meatless Monday I got the Vegetarian Sandwich.
So good even non vegetarians like me love it.
This one was roasted eggplant, roasted red peppers, GOAT CHEESE, olive tapanade on a 9 grain bread.
Just BRILLIANT!
The cafe is pretty chill.
Dining area cafe style with just a few tables and high-tops and a picnic bench outdoors if you dare to eat out there in this heat.
Service dining in has been cool so far.
Order and pay first at counter.
They'll bring food out to your table.
Our orders came out in a timely manner.
I didn't order anything that needed to be grilled or cooked though.
The staff has been really nice and friendly.
They already recognize their regular customers .
They need to hurry up and get that ice tea or brewed tea in.
Im not a fan of carbonated sodas and a cheaper alternative to juices and smoothies would be nice.
A paper take out menu would be handy too.
I was told to look it up online but not everyone is capable of looking it up.
Those are some small kinks they need to work on based on my visits.
They are just four days into their soft opening phase.
Word of mouth spread thru the crew from Gimme Some Sugar next door is how I found out!
Go figure!
Looking forward to even more visits now that I can have healthy eats then sweet treats right after.

Healthy Food that Keeps this Realtor on the Go  As a busy Realtor, my office is in my car.
I try to eat well but my choices are pretty limited when I am out showing houses.
Fast food tends to make me crash in the late afternoon so I try to avoid that.
When I heard that Presto Café was going to open up down in Henderson, I was very anticipative.
I was not disappointed.
I walked in just after lunch time to see the place still pretty full.
The decor was nice and it felt very clean inside.
I also noticed that they had free Wi-Fi which is fantastic for those of us on the go.
I am a devout carnivore but I decided that I would put Presto Café to the test, so I ordered the Vegetarian sandwich with the Tropical Wake Up Smoothie.
I took a seat and waited for my order.
It was obvious that people REALLY enjoy eating there.
I noticed the owner, Reza Arshandi, talking with everyone and making them feel at home.
It was great to see everyone enjoying their meal.
You can tell that Reza takes great pride in the food he serves his customers.
When my food arrived, I was very pleased by the presentation.
The sandwich came with a wonderful strawberry and apple salad on the side.
When I took my first sip of my smoothie it was obvious that it was not made from one of those sugary mixes.
I could taste the fruit and it was not heavy at all.
I was also very happy with the sandwich.
Even though the sandwich had eggplant, tomatoes and oil, the bread never got soggy.
It was a great blend of flavors and was very satisfying.
After I was finished I felt full but still energetic which was great because I had a busy afternoon ahead.
It's great to find the perfect combination of high quality food, generous servings and good prices.
I was in and out in less time than a normal restaurant but this is not fast food.
It is a great place to go if you want to sit down and relax and still be done in 30 min or so.
I also noticed that I still felt very fresh and full around 4pm.
I look forward to bringing my clients here soon.

So happy to have this healthy eatery option right by our house.
Hubby & I went for an early lunch today.
I was craving a fresh juice, he wanted to try one of their smoothies & we thought we'd share something as well.
I got the Veggie DeLite Juice, hubby got the Morning Fix smoothie & we shared the Ahi sliders with a scoop of the Ahi salad.
Everything was great & I can't wait to go back & try some more of the menu items!
The hangar steak chimichurri & pan-seared salmon are at the top of my list & the sandwich options all seemed pretty decent as well.
There wasn't anybody else eating there while we were there.
I think 2 people came in tho, 1 for coffee & 1 asking for a menu which they didn't have.
I really hope this place does well, it's tucked away in a shopping center that doesn't get too much traffic.
Def bookmark this place & make it one of your regular stops, we need more restaurants like this!

Always been huge fan ever since the first Presto Cafe open near my house.
When I heard they open another one on the opposite side of town in Henderson.
Hell yay!
Can never have enough of good thing in life.
Best part is both locations is located off 215 so got north and south side of town check and double check.
I was going with my favorite either the turkey or reuben sandwich.
I figure new location mark try something never had before.
I went with the Meatball Sandwiches.
Three Meatball sliders.
Anyone would be crazy not too get scoop of one of the Presto salads.
My go to is always the israeli couscous salad.
I love the combination of the mushrooms, perfect couscous, and some truffle oil tossed in with some herbs.
I could order three scoops and be in couscous heaven with nice bowl.
The Meatball sliders too be honestly VERY surprised the way it turned out.
Comes too my sandwich at Presto have my fav and meatball sandwich meatballs nothing gets me personally excited.
I ended up having was three amazing sliders!
The brioche mini buns (always wrote that sandwich starts with the bread filling second) awesome.
It had the nice crust on the outside, moist on the inside, and any slider combination would be the bomb with those buns.
The meatball is very tasty.
It nice nice depth of flavor and seasonings.
Combine just right about of pomodoro sauce (pet peeves overkill on tomato sauce in meatball is recipe for disaster), the cheese, and right about of bread.
Some of the best sliders I have had in sometime.
I never been too the more upscale meatball restaurant.
You pay price of one meatball that can get three meatball sliders.
I can tell you would take some Presto Cafe Meatballs hand down over the pricey name brand.
I love small business owners and seeing Presto grow from one too two restaurant.
Awesome.
The food totally felt like it was the same quality getting at the other location.
They are some differences besides the obvious location.
The display for the salads are little different.
I prefer the other location only because you have more choices and  looks more appealing nicely lined up side by side.
This location not as much in bigger containers, two different levels, and different vibe.
Thankfully the quality is still as good as it gets.
The new location hold more people in the restaurant.
The interior design much more of open kitchen look and seems brighter with the paint color scheme.
They do have wi-fi.
I not sure if the other location has since I never used it at Presto.
The customer service was awesome.
We lucked out Suzy H and I after training day no one in the place just us.
Forget mention recovery meals Presto Cafe is great!
Come too think of it need make list.
Recovery meals that kick ass...
I will be back again.

New joint near my work and decided to give them a try.
Place is decent.
You could dine in or have it for take out.
The customer service is excellent.
We ordered Steak Hanger and Seared Salmon... ((0-o)) I'm in love!!
The Steak was tender and It was perfectly made!
My wife had the salmon and she was satisfied...(picky eater).
They also serve smoothies, pizza, sandwiches etc...
Came in the 2nd time and ordered "Ham and Cheese Please" and "Tuna Slider".
Man!
To die for !!!!!
My mission now is try everything on their Menu!!

