I walked in, the owner was super friendly.
The selection was pretty good.
They are in their soft opening so they had a good amount of flavors.
The owner gave me samples of anything I asked to try.
I got 2 small flavors, only $7 and some change.
The size small is a pretty good size for only $3.75, also they seal the bag for freshness and the bag also has a ziplock on it.
It also tastes really good.
I didn't find anything bad or wrong with this place.
Check it out.
I know I'll be back!

The owner is super awesome and super friendly.
They offer so many favors and all of them taste so good.
The price you pay is outstanding because you receive so much more than what you get in other typical popcorn stores.
I suggest everyone goes in and try's every flavor this wonderful store has to offer.
I have been there 2 times now and we can't get enough of it and will definitely be back again!

I love love love Popcorn!
And trust me, this shop is, no doubt, THE best in town.
They offer absolutely insane selection of flavors, amazing fun packing including different verity of  themes , affordable pricing.
The owner is very friendly and makes you feel welcome.
Please give this place love, they deserve it!

There are a few places  here in town that you can buy popcorn in assorted flavors and colors.
None however come close to the level of flavor that Popularity has.
The owner was there making his brand of Gourmet Popcorn and took the time to help me find the right mix of flavors for me and my family.
With all that has gone on in the economy lately it's nice to see a fresh new business with young, talented and enthusiastic people behind it all.
Definitely a brand new staple for me and my family!

I have been waiting months for this place to open up, so when I saw the open sign I was ecstatic!
When I walked in I was greeted, by who I assume is the owner, with one of the warmest welcomes I've ever received in my life.
Seriously this guy was fantastic and super happy that we came in, we ended up staying and talking to him for a good half hour.
During that half hour we must have sampled about 7 different flavors, all of which were out of this world!!
I ended up getting the sour cream and onion and my friend got caramel.
Only $3.75 for a small, which is such a steal for such an amazing product.
Everyone needs to come here and I will be telling all my friends both in and out of town they need to swing by and experience the amazingness of Popularity!

Visiting Las Vegas from Los Angeles.
My son recommended this place.
The owner is very friendly and eager to please.
He gave us samples of any flavor we wanted to try.
We ended up buying truffle cheddar, white and orange cheddar mix, sour cream and onion, and spicy cheddar.
He's working on flavors using Splenda so he'll have some sugar-free choices.
We'll definitely go again next time we're in town!

LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
So happy they open a popcorn shop in the northwest area.
The owner of the store is just so friendly and helpful.
He let's you try all the flavors you want and talks about what other flavors he's trying to make.
The prices of the bags are very affordable.
Can't wait to see what other flavors they come up with!
If you love popcorn come here!!
I bought the piña colada, rainbow, and black tie.
YUMMY

I have to echo what everyone has said so far.
The owner is a SUPER friendly guy and the flavors and quality of the popcorn are excellent.
I can't wait to go back and try more!

Came in for the first time today and I have to say this is popcorn heaven.
The owner is super friendly and allows you to sample whatever flavors he has in stock plus some flavors he is currently working on.
He has everything from sweet ans salty to spicy and unique.
For the caramel popcorn lovers, he has this caramel popcorn that's just so light and airy and the caramel taste isn't overwhelming or too light- it's in that Goldilock's level and it's just enough sweet.
There's also different caramel flavors (salted, chocolate, a few others) and more unique flavors like your bacon cheddar and pickle flavors.
I highly recommend a visit here.

