Best Sushi in Scottsdale the fish was fresh.
Service was great.
Best sashimi in Arizona.

The salmon skin roll is amazing!!!
This is a great local place, the head chef is very knowledgable and fun to chat with.

Sushi J is a great local sushi spot in old town Scottsdale.
Definitely not your 'see & be seen' overrated & overpriced Ra or terrible service of Stingray.
Locally owned, Chef J is knowledgeable & takes great care in creating an experience you want to come back for.
The salmon skin roll is one of the best I've ever had & the yellowtail sushi was fresh & well portioned.
The Lord of Tuna roll with thin slices of lemon, plus "fresh" wasabi was incredible!
The portions are generous & the pricing fair.
They have great "Happy Day" specials...all day specials vs just a happy 'hour.
'  Maggie was awesome & so personable on the phone we had to come in for he 4th of July to celebrate with them!
Tina was wonderful as well & as a team their service was delightful.
If you're looking for your neighborhood sushi spot in old town Scottsdale that's perfect connecting & enjoying sushi with people who want you coming back, this is the place to be!

New place, nice people and good service.
I had the salmon and tuna sashimi and got good large pieces.
Great value and really fresh fish.
They have some interesting "low carb" rolls and I tried the Marilyn Monroll based on the server recommendation but I think I will try the Friday night fever roll next time.
Lastly I had the Geisha roll with siracha on the side which was a perfect addition!
I will certainly return when I'm back in town!

Wow, hidden gem in old town!
the specialty rolls here are all extremely unique and there isn't an imitation crab in sight.
The building is old and quite unimpressive but don't judge a book by its cover because inside lives a great restaurant.
Service was good, and the alcohol selection wasn't too shabby either.
I will definitely be back.

Excellent sushi, very nice atmosphere and good, friendly service.
All of the rolls looked yummy ~  it was hard to choose, but we went with the Geisha and Dynamite rolls ~ both were great (LOVED the dynamite!).
The pork gyozo was some of the best we've tasted.
The appetizer and big beer combo was a really good value.
We had an especially fun time sitting at the sushi bar chatting with J.
We are SO excited to have this wonderful new sushi bar and restaurant in our 'hood!

Great prices, friendly service.
Get the Monster roll- amazing and they don't go shy on the fish!
They have 30% off dinner and 20% off for the grand opening.
I will definitely be back!

