Third times a charm?
This makes three times I have seen a pizza spot in this location.
I stopped in and ordered a "Monday's Special" which is a large cheese pizza for $9.99 and additional toppings are extra.
Inside was very busy so I guess others are wanting to this place out too.
While I was waiting for my pizza, I noticed they have pizza by the slice for sale.
I asked if they could add a slice of Sicilian (cheese) to my order priced at $3.25 and make it to-go.
My husband isn't a fan of a lot of sauce on a pizza, but I'm the opposite.
I asked for a side of sauce (cost .85 cents) to go along with my pizza for dipping and it and I ended up really liking the flavor.
The pizza had a thin crust and the right amount of cheese for it.
The pizza wasn't very greasy at all and hubby and I both enjoyed it.
The Sicilian slice tasted great and had the crisp crust it should, but I was a but disappointed when I got home and opened the paper bag it was in and it was just on a paper plate inside the bag.
They did just open, so it's possible they ran out of to-go boxes, but I hope it's not this way all the time.
The Sicilian slice was actually my favorite part.
The employees were nice and with the different specials they have going on and the food being decent, I can see coming back.
Most pizza joints have a "slice special" and it has a certain time it runs and sometimes only on certain days.
Well, here you can get 2 slices and a drink for $5.50 7 days a week anytime.
I thought it was a plus that I could get a slice special for dinner instead of just a restricted lunch time special.
Aside from pizza they also have wings, fingers, salads, strombolis, pasta, sandwiches and desserts.
They also cater.

I called in a lunch order to go.
The service was nice and fast.
Lunch order was ready in 15 mins.
as stated.
I order Chicken Valsostano.
The chicken was great, the sauce it was made in had  great flavor and the cheese and mushrooms were a great addition.
The pasta was a little disappointing, the sauce was on the acidy side.
I will come back and try other menu items.
It is nice to have all these new places in the area close to my office.

Ive never had bad pizza or pasta here.
Very authentic taste and very friendly staff.
A little more pricy than some delivery pizza chains, but the extra cost is worth every penny!
I come here a lot and know a family that comes in for pick up at least once a week.
It's definitely a nice change of pace from commercial pizza chains.
Definitely worth a try next time you are thinking about ordering pizza!

3.5 stars.
Tried this place for dinner and I was ready to not like it.
I wasn't crazy about the pizza joint that was previously here and I typically don't like super thin crust type pizza.
my wife told me they have a special on Mondays where you can get a large cheese pizza for around $10 so we ordered one.
Inside was busy with customers and there were plenty of staff on hand to get everybody taken care of.
The only downside is that they only have about 5 tables inside and since they were filled with customers eating side it left us customers waiting for take out orders huddled together which was awkward.
The inside is narrow so there isn't much space when it's busy.
I ended up liking the pizza.
It was thin, not too greasy, and had the right amount of cheese and sauce.
I can't say I'd pay the regular $12.99 cost for it however with a coupon or a promotion like we got this time it's a good deal.
I came back a couple days later for lunch and picked up a couple slices of cheese and a drink for around $6 including tax.
The pizza was hot and just as good as a couple days before.
The only thing I don't get is why it doesn't come in a take out box?
The 2 slices were on a thin paper plate inside a brown paper bag.
I wasn't just getting lunch for myself but my wife too and trying to carry it all out plus 2 sodas was effing ridiculous.
I like the specials they have and look forward to trying some of the other menu items however if it doesn't come in a proper take out box it might make me not want to come back as often since I wont want to risk dropping all the food trying to carry it to the car.

