This place is a new gem in Madison and will definitely be added to my regular circuit.
Be warned: they take both the food and the atmosphere very seriously (in a good way).
We happened to stop by for opening night this evening and were really impressed with the space and the service.
The restaurant is in one of the old buildings on the 100 block of state street and they kept a lot of the original features when they built the current business (the stained glass windows, plaster trusses, and hardwood floors are original features).
One thing I was really impressed by was the waiter's knowledge of the menu and pronunciation of Italian dishes.
He really helped us order the right items based on what we were hungry for.
I got the mushroom gnocchi, which was out of this world.
We also got the arancini as an appetizer and I got to try some of my friend's margherita pizza.
The food is the real highlight of this place, as everything was delicious.
The prices were high-end for Madison; our bill came out to about $45 per person with a round of drinks, an appetizer, and entrees.
I felt a little under dressed as most of the staff were wearing fancier clothes and the managers were donned in suits.
I would say the dress code is dressy casual.
Caitlin, resident sommelier of Fresco, stopped by to answer some of our questions about the building and tell us about their opening.
She was quite knowledgeable and very friendly, offering her opinion of our dinner options.
I absolutely loved the place and will be taking friends and family back presto.

After checking out Cento on it's opening night, I can say for certain that I will be heading back there for other meals.
I can tell that Food Fight and chef Michael Pruett were meticulous when choosing the location and designing the space and menu for this new Italian restaurant.
I will say that it has to be one of the most aesthetically pleasing spaces i've seen in a restaurant.
Everything inside it looks brand spanking new, or it's super old to the point where it's charming.
There's really too many facets about it to list, and the people there can describe it better than I can, so i'd recommend checking the space out for yourself to witness it.
It's just gorgeous.
All of the food that I tasted that night was spot on.
Among them included the Arancini (which are fried Risotto balls), which was a goodie because it managed to satisfy my impulse for fried things without tasting greasy at all.
The ricotta-filled agnolotti was also good, although more mild/subtle on its flavors.
The fennel was an excellent side dish to go along with the agnolotti.
Finally, for dessert we all split a slice of what was dubbed an olive oil cake, and that was delectable.
Also, note that the cocktails are well worth a go, particularly the Mulo Romano.
That was a very flavorful drink, and i'm excited to have another one of those soon.
Much like the setting, the service we received on opening night was also stellar.
Our server Alex had an extensive knowledge of the menu, which was useful for us, as the menu isn't the easiest to read through for people not used to it.
Everyone was accommodating, polite, and the orders all came out timely.
I couldn't really ask for anything better.
The only thing Cento disappointed me on was the portion sizes, which I felt were a bit small.
This could just be because I was famished entering the place that day, and i'm a man with a gigantic appetite.
So, others maybe won't find this to be a problem.
Besides that, I felt like Cento nailed all of the aspects of a dining experience, which is no easy task!

I've been searching for a superb Italian restaurant since moving to Madison eight years ago.
I believe Cento hits that mark.
I agree with all the previous comments on the atmosphere -- it was nice.
But, the highlight is that the food is well prepared.
Great ingredients, seasoned properly, and cooked to perfection -- from pizza to pasta to sandwiches.
By the way, we went for lunch, where the menu is shorter but so are the prices -- still great food -- I will now gladly go and spend money again on dinner.
Oh, and one of the best bloody mary's I've sampled in the area .

We sat at the chef's table for our anniversary celebration.
Before our 7-course meal started, we were treated to 3 amuse-bouches, making it more like a 10-course meal.
The table was in the back, right next to where the chefs prepared everyone's meals.
The ambience was very classy and comfortable.
The staff was very polite and our water glasses never got below half-full.
Chef Michael personally delivered each course and gave a nice explanation of each thing we were enjoying.
Without question, the highlight was the food.
The chef's table cost was $75 per person, but we probably enjoyed about $140-worth of food per person.
The sausage-filled, bacon-wrapped dates were the best appetizers we've ever eaten.
The prosciutto-wrapped branzino was the best fish dish we've ever eaten as well.
Both raw meat dishes (the hamachi crudo and beef tartare) had such fresh meat and were so well-seasoned that it was difficult to tell that the meat was raw.
Each course had a presentation that looked like an art piece.
It was easily the best meal from top to bottom that we've ever eaten.
The menu includes a variety of appetizers, flat-bread pizzas, pastas, fish, and red meat dishes.
The pizzas are in the $12-$15 range and the majority of the entrees are in the $20-$30 range.
It will be well worth your trip to eat there.
Cento is our new favorite place for a nice dinner.

Cento is yet another uninspiring Food Fight restaurant.
It's pretentious, overpriced and the food is universally bland.
We had the sausage pizza and the prosciutto pizza.
Both required salt and and pepper - but you had to ask for it.
No salt and pepper is provided on any of the tables.
The boned half chicken had a nice texture but was similarly under seasoned and required the salt and pepper.
The fish items on the menu are all farm raised.
The steak tartar came on a huge wafer-esque cracker that oddly tasted fishy.
The tartar itself consisted of perhaps 2 tablespoons of bland and chewy beef.
The only interesting item we ordered was the beet salad.
It was really very good and the reason I gave Centro two rather than one stars.
The dining room is appealing, the waitress pleasant, but that's about it.

