Typical chain restaurant.
The menu and food is OK. What do you expect for the price, right?
I had the rib eye steak which was decently price.
I ordered veggies and a baked potato as my sides.
I did not know that the baked potato was an extra $4+, I was like wow!
For a baked potato?
It should have been included with my entree.
The steak was surprisingly good and seasoned well, even though it was probably cheap meat.
I think this place is either a hit or miss depending on your mood and what you like.
It narrowly passed my grade book.

OK sooo I had never eaten here before until I worked here....Thank God I didn't waste my money here!!!
BIG YUCKO!
Where do I start?
Well working here you got a major discount and a lot of the times the cooks would just give me free food!
Let me tell you its all precooked microwave CRAP!
I don't understand why people like this place and I don't understand how their still in business.
Working here I tried plenty of different meals such as their 3 cheese penne pasta, steaks appetizers you name it i tried it.
I would never step foot in this restaurant again!
Please don't waste or time or your money eating here!

Like frozen food heated up?
Like skimpy portions?
Like high prices for garbage?
Then you will love Applebees!!!
Pure disappointment was in store for me on my first and last visit.
Not only was my dish a bland, cold, overly greasy fried mess, but my entire party had issues with all as well.
Salads are OK, the only thing that may be their saving grace.
Everything else is frozen precooked and heated food that taste as if had been sitting around awhile.
The service was OK, however that is hit and miss as it really depends on the server you may end up with.
It can go right or way wrong!
That is the 50/50 chance you take dining out at the more commercial restaurants.
There are just too many great places to eat in Las Vegas that are out of this world at a fraction of the cost!
I would never again waste my money on below mediocre quality!
The meals not creative, no flair or real flavor!
Whoever is responsible for the menu planning needs to be dropped!
Applebees come see me and I can give you a few great suggestion's on how to turn your bad menu into something wowing!
Disappointed beyond all comprehension!
Side note:   *** The dish I had ordered was the buttermilk breaded fried shrimp, it is no longer on their menu and has now been replaced with a double crunch shrimp dinner.
Wow what a shocker!!!
Yes maybe the double crunch shrimp will fare better as the original menu item of the buttermilk fried shrimp was soggy and flavorless.
I am sure many complaints were issued such as mine about such a horrid dish!

I came here on Halloween night.
Service was great.
Manager and bartender was great as well.
Yes it's a chain restaurant, but I'm all about customer service.
I'm confused about folks complaining about portion size- heck eat slow and let the food digest.
Then again obesity is #1 factor in America.
I ordered the chicken finger basket which was to much for me( i threw most of it away-I was full), and by all means I'm not a toothpick.
The bartender that was from west Virginia and was cool  as hell and knew how to make one of my favorite drinks- the Baltimore zoo-which is two drink in one.
Boy that drink was bring back memories.

Good easy access location.
Server very friendly and food is pretty good.
Average for similar chains.
Good value.
Definitely good variety and new additions all the time.

Applebees food while it isn't the greatest, it is what you expect.
So I went there with the expectation to have some pretty good food and a pretty good price and I wasn't mistaken.
Food and price were what I expected and was worth it.
The problem was the service.
I walked in and the host was talking to the manager about something not work related.
The host said hi, and then went back to talking.
After a few more seconds and after the manager looked at me and looked away, the host decided to ask if I'd like a table.
I said yes and that there would be one more joining me, so he took me to a table.
The server took about 6-7 minutes to come and greet me and I ordered my drink.
My friend came a few minutes later and I still hadn't gotten my root beer I ordered.
After a few more minutes, the server came back and asked for her drink order and she ordered a pepsi.
I still didn't have my root beer.
After about 10 minutes he comes back with both drinks and we order.
Food comes out fine and it tastes like what we expected but the server is no where in sight.
So in the hour we were there, we interacted with the server 4 times.
We both drank our drinks and needed refills and each time another server who happened to be walking by refilled them.
The reason I gave them two stars is because the food is the only thing that saved them from getting a one star review for their service.

Had lunch there over the weekend, had a pleasant meal.
The Oriental Chicken Salad is always wonderful.
Waitress kept our drinks re-filled and kept checking on us.
My granddaughter had the Grilled Cheese, she enjoyed, and her drink was served a covered kids cup - which was also re-filled.
Overall a great place for a good meal.

Mediocre, they name is Applebees.
Maybe I expect too much?
Maybe I'm just used to higher quality food?
Maybe I'm a snob?
Tough meat, WAY oversalted everything.
Nothing tasted fresh at all.
The chicken fingers were rubbery and not very good.
Actually, nothing was very good.
I had a grilled chicken something that was pretty gross... even when I just tried to eat the chicken breast itself, it was tasteless other than the mass proliferation of salt.
I remember back in the day, I used to like Applebees for their burgers.
I don't know if their burgers are still any good, but I don't know that I'd return to even find out.

I went there last night with my 9 year old son...He loves this place.they have a decent kids menu and ample portions.....I had the baby back ribs....pretty good although a little on the pricey side...The manager walked by 3 times asking if everything was ok.... service was very good...All and all pleasant atmosphere.

They have a food allergy menu, so that's 5 stars already for someone who has multiple food allergies.
If you dine in, ASK FOR QUENTON!
He's a riot!
I love him to pieces.
It's gotten to the point where they recognize me when I walk through the door and I don't have to request the allergy menu.
They just know to get it for me.

If you expect anything other than Applebee's, you will most likely be disappointed.
Unless what you are expecting is Applebee's with more salt, more bad jokes, and a more disgruntled staff, hiding their hatred, who would rather be doing anything else.
This location is a convenience stop for me.
I would never go out of my way to visit this store - if there is one even a mile or two further away, try there first.
That said, the bar is secluded and sits at one end of the restaurant, away from.
If you're looking to chat with a bartender about your favorite team, you might find yourself eatin' good in the neighborhood.

I was so excited to find out that they had Happy Hour ALL weekend for St. Patty's Day!
Had I known sooner...
I would have camped out there!
Bummed that Blue Moon is ONLY served from the bottle and not on tap any more :/ BOO!
It was replaced by PBR (WHAT THE?!?!?!
) BUT I recommend the boneless hot wings and asian won ton tacos MMMMM!
(they give you 4 here where some places only give you 3!
) Great Weight Watchers options that are delish even if you aren't on a diet.
And you can't go wrong with the NEW Pub Pretzels.
They are the perfect soft, warm, savory, and salty that you would want.
They are always friendly, have all the games on, and it's very clean.
Applebee's is our favorite go-to place any day of the week... but usually during happy hour is when you'll find us!
#Applebees #fan #love

They have a gluten free menu.
It's very short, but if you ask for it at your table they will bring it to you.
The staff is always pleasant here.
This restaurant is right by work, so I go often enough to know that it isn't just bells and whistles.
The food choices are relatively limited for me, but the food that I've received has been good.
Not great, but good.
I'd say the prices are a little high for what you get, but for the speediness and the great service I don't mind.
Thumbs up for Applebee's!

Good service.
The food however was just blah.
I definitely don't recommend the Quesadilla burger.

I am not normally an Applebee's person, but I have to say we say at a bar table and the bartender was our waiter and he was fabulous.
The food was so so but the service was fabulous !

This is one of the few location of Applebees that my boyfriend and I go to.
For one, it's Applebees.
Nothing too fancy just a casual restaurant to go with a friend or even to have happy hour at.
They have a happy hour menu for drinks by the bar and at some tables.
I also go for the 2 for $20.
It's always good and very filling.
The staff here is always nice and very polite.
If anyone ever goes here on a friday night then ask for the station that Esmi is working at.
She is our regular server.
She's been in the industry for quite some time.
For those that likes to expect a lot more than just bar food, get out!
It's just a casual place to have brunch with your friends or even family and to talk and have fun.
Don't expect this place to be a 5 star fine restaurant.

I always managed to feel sick after eating here, so I stopped going except for happy hour after work and maybe fries to eat.
Service varies.
We had great service at first, and then it went downhill and we stopped going so much.
I might try another location, but it's not likely.

Appetizer was spinach and artichoke dip which was good.
Steak was cooked well and right (medium-rare).
Vegetables and mashed potatoes were average.
Service was great though.
Server consistently checked on us to make sure everything was good.

If you're going to eat here, avoid the Double Crunch Shrimp off their 2 for $24 deal.
The double crunch really is DOUBLE CRUNCH.
They definitely over did the frying on the shrimp along with the fries.
Even my boyfriend, who is a avid foodie and is pretty much easily content with any meal, found distaste in his shrimp.
I ordered the Bourbon Street Steak as I've ordered it many times before at different Applebees restaurants and this time around..
It tasted a little too bland for my liking.
I was quite disappointed since I really do enjoy this dish.
Our waitress was okay, but was very awkward when we told her it was our friend's birthday and asked if they did anything special.
She said that can give a free dessert in which I agreed to.
The dessert came towards the end of the meal, of course, but she was so awkward in delivering it.
It was just her and she kind of tried to "sneak it" on the table.
There was no happy birthday song from her or the staff so me and my friends kind of had to take over from there.
I'm sure its different for a kid's birthday though - I mean, my friend turned 23 so I guess they don't find the need to sing happy birthday at that age,  All in all, this place falls a little below "alright" for me.
I've had better experiences at other Applebees.
I probably won't be back here anytime soon or in the near future.

I've been to this location twice and my experience each time has been average.
The food was typical of Applebee's, but not amazing.
I am a big fan of their barbecue wings, though.
Those are pretty good and are my favorite appetizer there.
I really like the 2 for 20 deal: we usually go for the steak.

Five stars and ill tell you why.
Many people underrate this place but if you don't like Applebee's style food then go somewhere else.
Some people act like they are going to the Wynn when they walk into Applebee's and expect something unbelievable to eat.
I work next door to this location and eat there three times a week I live the fiesta like chicken.
It's as good if not better than any Applebee's I have Eaten at before.
The molten chocolate cake it amazing also.

The vanilla blondie is absolutely ridiculous!
This dessert will make you dream about Applebee's throughout the entire day!

Came here for my birthday for appetizers and drinks and wow was it a disappointment.
The service was horrid and I will not be returning.
It took forever to be seated, without even being greeted, the hostess just stood their texting on her phone.
Next, it took 15 mins just to get our drinks.
And another 35 to get appetizers, ridiculous, my daughter was with us and she was not having it.
Those with kids know what I'm talking about.
35 mins seems like an hour to them and when they're hungry, they are hungry.
Someone has released the cracken.
What probably ticked me off the most was when I asked for the bone in wings.
She said they didn't have them.
I said okay well then instead I will have the spinach dip.
She then tried five times to convince me to get boneless wings.
First time I said no I don't like them, then second I said it's okay thanks I'd rather go with the dip.
After the third and continuously pushy way she tried to get me I ignored her and just stood forward looking at my husband to stop myself from being rude.
I want bone in not boneless... Period.
Yes I'm picky but I'm buying what I like and want,   It then lastly took another 35 mins to get the bill, which by then I practically threw at her so I could leave and get my daughter to bed.
All in all bad bad experience.

this place has won me back!
I love burgers!
im an American gross darn it haha but they has great food and great customer service!
a lot better than b4 so I will now be spending a lot of money at this place again!
thanks for the improvement!

I love this place!!!
Service is always on point, the meals are always hot and out fast.
Especially impressed with our server Jenna when we were here a few weeks ago, as a server I can be overly critical and she was fantastic!
New favorite "neighborhood" spot!

Me and my boyfriend always come here on our days off.
The staff is absolutely amazing.
We always order potato twisters and are never let down!
The Bartenders are usually our servers and they always make us feel welcomed.
The management always comes to check up on us, which I think is a very good quality.
This is my favorite place by far (:

Great food cold beers and great service.
I wish we had an applebees in hawaii.
Omar is a great server he took great care of us.
I wish I could give more than five stars.

I came in for a quick lunch after a Wal-Mart trip.
My server was awesome.
They now have apps & desserts you can order with an ipad on the table which I thought was awesome.
I enjoyed my food/service.
I loved the broccoli soup.

