We were fortunate enough to have lunch here today - on their soft opening day.
This is a rare opportunity in Vegas to enjoy plates prepared by a Michelin starred chef himself, not just by a name on its signage.
Eventually this place will be a kaiseki restaurant - a traditional multi-course Japanese dinner - of only 12 seats, but due to limitated availability of uncommon ingredients required for kaiseki, liquor license, etc.
they will only offer Japanese comfort food lunch in the coming months.
It was a three-course lunch for $20:  - First course: Triple layered vegetable soup served chilled - Seven vegetables in the first layer, soy sauce based brown gelée in the second layer, avocado and egg white with Japanese sake in the third layer - Second course: Petite Assorted Appetizer - Flavored edamame, marinated cucumber with sweetened miso, yuzu flavored shrimp, soy flavored Japanese taro potato, deep fried lotus roots - Main course (choose one from three): a) Chicken Rice Omelette - egg omelette over white steamed rice sautéed with ketchup, onion, green peppers, chicken, bacon and mushroom.
b) Tonkotsu Ramen Noodle Soup Wok Charred - pork based ramen.
c) Black Curry over Steamed Rice - traditional Japanese style curry over white steamed rice.
The first cource - the three layered soup was amazing.
Very complex tastes mingled on my tongue, the potato-ish veggie flavor on the top followed by the sweet gelée, deepened with the avocado.
All completely grated, but I was still able to tell the texture, scoop and taste individually or all at once.
There came the second, more traditional kaiseki-like appetizer.
This time, we could see the basic attributes of natural ingredients were preserved, yet amusing presentation of craftsmanship was well displayed.
The finish of shrimp was like what we eat for Osechi that would bring back old timey memories.
Satoimo (Japanese taro) came with tangy rock salt.
Cucumber came hocho-crafted with mildly sweet moromi-miso.
Deep fried lotus roots had perfect crunchiness that played nice in the mix.
However, the edamame was lacking the finishing touch.
Not only that the flavor was nothing special, it felt awkward to pull out beans from the pod by hand.
We chose Omurice (Rice Omelette) and Tonkotsu Ramen for the main.
As much as I would like to say the Omurice was perfect, it was also pretty basic to be honest.
Considering that Omurice has been less accepted in the US market, I can understand that the straightforward path is a safe bet, but for matured taste buds like ours, some you-cannot-do-it-at-home factors seemed to be missing.
My personal preference is rice less steamed and eggs more runny.
Also I personally like demi-glace sauce better, or at least the ketchup could use some twist.
Now the best part- the tonkotsu ramen!
I was blown away.
I know it's like cheating to compare ramen elaborated by a kaiseki chef with shops serving bowls in every 60 seconds, it was the best ramen I've had in this competitive Las Vegas market.
The broth had very intricate flavors, but was not too greasy or heavy.
Quite contrary, the aftertaste was pleasantly light.
Chashu was a little sweetened, which added a unique perspective.
Typically noodles are straight and thin for tonkotsu, but wavy noodles used by Omae worked to fully enjoy this rich-yet-not-too-rich broth.
In the end, all those three (plus drink) for $20 was a well considered price point.
It's on a high-end for lunch, particularly for local clientele, but is a steal for the quality of food and service.
Some obvious opening day flaws aside, this place is very promising.
I spotted some misses in the food as described above, but I will hold off my full review until they start offering kaiseki, a big missing piece in the Las Vegas culinary scene.
4 stars + 1 for a forward looking factor.

I can't wait for the kaiseki dinner Chef Omae is offering in the future.
You can all expect a full review then!
Until that day comes, lunch at this spectacular new restaurant is something very special.

Very excited to see what else the Chef will come up with once they get their full menu going.
With such limited seating and quality of food,  I can see this place as the next hot spot in town!
We were there for the three course lunch.
First course was a chilled avocado soup.
I recommend spooning through all three layers to the bottom so you can taste the complexity of the soup.
Wonderful for the hot summer; refreshing and the perfect amount of salt and texture.
Second course was presented beautifully, the dusting of flavor of the shrimp was incredible - reminded me of a fresh shrimp ceviche.
The third course I chose the ramen.
I've had lots of ramen all over the place (in Asia as well as the states) and I've never tasted anything quite like this.
It was a wonderful porky broth with sesame and a charcoal-y, grilled flavor.
The meat is thicker than I like but was full of flavor and melted in my mouth.
My bowl of ramen seemed endless!
Couldn't finish everything....
Similar to Raku and Kabuto in terms of food quality and service, but different in terms of type of food.
Raku to me is more traditional and Kabuto is strictly nigiri.
This place is like a modern twist on Japanese.
It's young and hip.
We met Chef Omae after our meal and he is so humble and nice.
Very cool guy, definitely come check this place out!
Beat the crowds so you can say you've been there, tasted that.

I came for ritual Sunday lunch with my friends.
This is a 12 seat place, we took up 8 of the seats as we reserved two 4 stops.
1st course - chilled vegetable soup was nice.
It had nice texture and flavors.
I chose not to mix it up so much so that I get ribbons of flavors.
Refreshing, but had creamy aspects that also made it velvety in mouthfeel that I liked.
2nd course- Petite appetizer.
It was very simple and plain, and wished I had more of the paste on the side.
Still, decent and beautiful plating.
3rd course (you can get omurice, ramen, black curry) - I got the ramen which was very rich.
The broth was thick that it was almost like sauce.
The flavor was nice and I didn't think it was overly salty for being reduced down.
The pork slices were tender, and I always appreciate getting a whole egg.
You get a choice of beverage.
I went with ice green tea and appreciated it was nice strong matcha (not sweet).
For $20, it's not a bad lunch at all.
I heard the menu will rotate a bit so I will be keeping my eyes peeled (on his twitter @TakashiOmae the menus are announced) as I would definitely return for the quality and price point.
We don't have a legitimate kaiseki here, so I am very excited at the prospect of it once they can serve dinner.
It's a welcomed addition to the dining scene and imagine this is gonna be a hard reservation once people know it exists.

