If you haven't been then you've got to go!
Just opening up right off Scottsdale and Lincoln.
Serving up--Awesome Mexican Asian fusion!
Lets paint the picture!
Open kitchen so you can see and interact with the cooks.
Wood fired grill, seasonal produce, fresh seafood.. You name it Sumo Maya has it!
Great concept, great location and even better team!
The bright airy interior   ginormous tree and large frosted glass windows welcome you into food lovers utopia!
Let's talk food!
Sumo Maya roll to die for with its spicy tuna, crispy rice, fresh micro greens and wasabi cream drizzle!
What's an Asian restaurant now a days without edamame?
I'm sure that's what your thinking.. Wrong this edamame is unlike any around!
They cook it on the wood fired grill gives it the smokey flavor, then lightly toss it in a miso butter!
Delicious!
Bacon guacamole, salmon ceviche, New York strip, muscles in a coconut lime broth!!
I could go on for days but you'll never know till you try it yourself!
Do us all a favor and go check out this hot spot!
Yum!
I'll be back soon!
Cheers Foodies!

Amazing!!
Will be back many more times.
Tuna ceviche and Rollo ching on were to die for!

Went to pre-opening.
Sensational menu of Japanese and Mexican inspired dishes, many featuring elements of both.
Two chefs, one from each tradition.
Owned by Jerman Aseo (surely spelled wrong by me), of Central Bistro and Local Bistro.
The drink menu is terrific, too.
We enjoyed bacon wrapped dates stuffed with chorizo, crispy pork belly sushi rolls, sake and sesame Japanese eggplant, chicken mole, sliced 35 day dry aged New York strip steak, sliced over fresh mushrooms and a coconut milk sauce with roasted leeks, tuna ceviche tossed in Aji Amarillo sauce and served in a coconut placed in an ice bowl, hamachi sashimi in a mysterious green sauce garnished with micro greens, and many more.
Tried a Magic Mojito, made with frozen horchata and loads of fresh mint, and a Passion Fruit cocktail with Mescal, passion fruit juice and ginger beer in a copper mug.
Service is well trained and savvy.
Interiors are high end design, with innovations such as a green grassy perimeter fence on the patio hung with giant, framed mirrors, movable shade screens that enclose the patios while misters and massive air conditioning capacity cool both indoor and outdoor space, and a huge man made tree in the main dining area.
Exhibition kitchen.
Located in a new strip center at the northwest corner of Scottsdale Road and Lincoln Drive.
Entrees are smallish plates best shared with your table mates.
Prices ranged from $8 to $18.
Well worth a visit to experience the innovative menu and expensive buildout.
Acoustics are good, not too noisy even when full.

Had dinner here opening night, there was a lot of energy in the place - it was buzzing.
Really well designed space with a giant tree in the middle and clean, modern design with tricked out lighting.
We were greeted welcomingly at the host stand then promptly seated at the sushi bar.
At first it was a little overwhelming - I mean sushi, multiple kinds of salsa, tacos, pho - a mixed bag of asian/mexican as promised so we decided to order a course off of each menu area.
We started with the Suzuki Roll - beautiful and delicious with just the perfect amount of crunch and heat.
Then we had the lump crab guacamole - with the guac itself being very tasty and well put together and the 'lump' crab being somewhat lacking for a $14 dish.
Our conclusion was we'd order the guac again but skip on the crab.
Moving on we had the Mexican Pho - a tasty take on the Vietnamese classic with queso and cilantro.
Yum.
Along with that the mussels, some of the largest i've seen, in a green coconut & lime - terrific heavy cream sauce that didn't seem too out of the ordinary in a Mexican fusion way.
Then we ordered tacos - they were already out of Pastor so we opted for Chicken - these were tasty little morsels of goodness on some kind of fresh corn tortilla.
We were already getting full so we opted to wait to do any of the larger entree style or wok prepared items.
We finished off with an Hamachi roll with slices of fresh jalapeno on top.
Yumm.
Overall it was a great experience and it will only get better as the staff gets into the groove of things.
BOTTOM LINE:  Get your Mexican Sushi on here!
We'll definitely be back to explore the fun and diverse menu.

I have been waiting for this place to open because I love Asian and Mexican food.
Two of my favorites!
They have big TVs for sports but not too many in case your looking for a more intimate atmosphere.
Great drink selection and killer atmosphere.

I am currently sitting at the bar of this lovely new restaurant and am happy to say that my butt is the first one to have officially sat here!
Huzzah!
This place has a few kinks to work out, as it is opening day, first seating, but it has some serious potential.
The managers/ owners graciously allowed me to try a few of their cocktails on the house and all were tasty.
The clear standout is the frozen coconut mojito!
Extremely delicious.
I also had the coconut drink, which was very pure in coconut flavor and the passionfruit drink (10$ normal price, 8$ hh) which was gingery and smokey and overall unlike anything i have had before.
Plus this place has hard a on tap...
Cool stuff.
For food we trued the following:  dates wrapped in bacon - very tasty... How could it not be?
It's a date with cheese and chorizo inside and wrapped in bacon on top of a foie gras sauce.... Come on!
chicken tacos- very flavorful but tiny...
I would like more for sure!
traditional guac- flavorful and plentiful, but served with weird tostada type chips... Good tasting and clearly house made, but awkward to eat.
pollo chcharrones- so yummy with the  miso mustard... Nicely done!
this place is a definite return to place, reasonable prices, good drinks, nice hh, and interesting food (not to mention cute decor).
check it out yelpers!
ps, first!

WOW.
Peg and I were curious about this place when it first began to surface.
The adage about eating with your eyes was noted over a hundred years ago but it has never been more apparent than when you walk into Sumo Maya.
Walking into the Jeff Lowe inspired and created atmosphere was very impressive and inviting.
We've been there twice since it opened, trying to sample a variety of the Mex-Asian fusion.
The street tacos are very good (we had taco carnitas) they were fresh and delicious.
The Mexican-style summer corn topped with popcorn was tasty and the crispy calamari was sampled both times...and will be again!
I must say that the bacon wrapped medjool dates were incredibly flavorful and instantly addictive..and they were also repeated and will likely become a steady accompaniment.. Sushi is presented beautifully and so fresh tasting.
The New York strip was very flavorful and as tender as it was, the duck breast was just as comforting.
The open concept kitchen is done a lot with new restaurants, and this was especially inviting and playful...the full kitchen to the sushi station.
Chef Matt and crew were engaged with both cooking and guests.
John was our server (we asked for him specifically the second time) and he is the perfect blend of attentive but not gratuitous.
The heart and soul of the place is Chef Herb Wilson, and his pedigree is very impressive.
Tai Hunt (GM) and Alex Davis (Mgr) were obviously involved in customer satisfaction and provided insight into making customer-services a priority.
We are thrilled to see this place hit the ground running, and will add it to our short list of must returns.
Congrats to German Osio and the team!

Very unique and intriguing!
Definitely try if you are a foodie!
Loved the dishes and would return but a little too noisy for my taste as a favorite restaurant.
Favorite dish was the season mushrooms -- must try :)  We also got: Chicken tacos -- very small, but fresh and delicious!!
Pork belly roll -- crispy and interesting!
A little too intense for my taste.
Strawberry gazpacho -- delicious!!!
Ps happy hour only works at the bar.

I have to say it stands to question an Asian/Mexican cuisine but it is a pleasant surprise!
The salsa assortment was delicious and it is worth getting the tostada for chips as they do not come with the sampling.
This is a tapas place, come to share and come to eat!
Tried everything from the sushi to the Korean tacos to the bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates and all was wonderful.
The only item that fell flat was the tacos el pastor, those get a solid 'meh'.

What a beautiful, unique, delicious new restaurant.
Sampled a little bit of everything!!
Mushroom tacos, dried fruit guac, yellowtail ceviche, summer corn, and chicken mole...all of which were phenomenal.
The plating is especially beautiful, with each dish looking like a work of art.
Also pleasantly surprising were the prices, which at this level of quality, combined with the location, I would have expected to be far higher.
Service was equally excellent, as is the ambience.
I hope this place is very successful!

So we went for my girlfriend's birthday.
I have to say I was definitely a fan of the open layout.
The kitchen was in full view and the space was definitely utilizing the great weather of Phoenix.
Don't fret if you get a spot outside as there are numerous misters ready to cool you down.
If you do sit by the misters, expect a cool, almost tropical breeze during your meal.
Honestly, the food was pretty good.
We had the chicken tacos which were small but tasty, had the suzuki roll which was the star of the dinner, and a spicy yellow tail roll that was eehhh ok.
The fish isn't amazing but the creative rolls and the atmosphere was fantastic.
Our service was spotty.
They made efforts but they were clearly too busy.
Likely, this issue will clear up as they outgrow their growing pains.
For dessert, we had the chocolate lava cake which was yummy.
The horchata ice cream was a bit icy for our taste but was made up by the juicy cake.
Would try again as the menu was so expansive we couldn't try everything we wanted.
Good business strategy, offering numerous amounts of dishes that you have to try :)

Where do I even begin!
When I first heard of a Mexican Asian restaurant opening up, I had no idea what to expect but I figured that since I like both cuisines, I would probably enjoy it.
I was right.
They did a great job fusing the cuisines.
In fact, what took the relationship so long to bloom!?
Ambiance:  Looks are deceiving and the exterior of this place looks nothing like the interior.
From the outside, you'd think it just looks like any other generic restaurant, but don't be deceived.
Step through the doors and you immediately enter this open, airy and trendy restaurant that even has a real tree hanging out in the middle of the restaurant...yes a tree!
I especially found the pictures of random people on the chairs pretty entertaining.
The restaurant itself has a combination of a wrap around bar and then dining area.
Make a reservation to be on the safe side!
This is great spot for a night out with friends, a double date or event a spot to get a couple cocktails and apps!
Food & Drinks:   Now, moving on to the most important part, food and drinks!
First, the drinks.
I enjoyed the Passion Fruit sangria and boy does that pack a punch!
I expected it to be sweet, but instead it was pretty potent...in a good way!
Next, the food.
This restaurant is all about sharing the plates and it's nice because that means you can try much more!
Everything on the menu looked delicious, so our group of four ordered it all!
Guacamole - they serve up some of the most unique guacamole choices I've ever seen!
We decided to order the Lump Crab Guacamole.
I'm ruined because I don't think I will ever be able to enjoy "regular" guacamole again.
It was the perfect amount of crab and the key lime added a tasty twist.
The only downfall was that it only came with four tortilla chips and if you wanted to order more, it was $1 more per order of chips.
The guacamole is already $14, so with the additional chips, it made for a pricey appetizer!
Rock Shrimp Tempura - I'm such a fan of rock shrimp and especially when it has some Asian flavoring to it.
This dish was anything but disappointing and I could have gobbled this dish up all by myself!
The rock shrimp tempura comes with a variety of veggies including tomatoes and green beans.
The summer mayo had the perfect flavorful kick to it.
I want my own order next time!
Rollo Chingon Sushi Roll (cooked) - This roll comes with grilled shrimp, guacamole, jalapeno and has a balsamic strawberry glaze.
See where they do a good job fusing the two cuisines?
I had no idea I was eating a Mexican food sushi roll because it tasted delicious!
It came with eight bites and was great for sharing.
Suzuki Roll - This roll was another great Mexican Asian combo with spicy tuna, avocado, and then a chipotle aioli!
They have eight bites in a roll so this was another good one to share and very flavorful.
Summer Corn - order this!
I loved it and could have eaten it all on my own.
The spiced popcorn on top of the corn created an interesting yet flavorful kick to it!
Bacon Wrapped Dates - an order comes with six, so there's plenty to share however you will want more than one!
These little guys are so good!
The combination of salty bacon and sweet date compliments each other perfectly.
Half Lobster _ Crab Dynamite - order this but be warned, you won't want to share!
This was the best thing I ate on the menu!
After my experience, I would say that my top three favorite things I ate were the rock shrimp, corn and lobster/crab.
I would order the three items next time but I would probably order the lobster as my own entree next time.
It's that good!

Hands down best food I've had in a long, long time.
It's an Asain Mexican fusion inspired menu which features some amazing food.
My best friend and I do dinner at least once a month and are always trying out new spots.
We have uniformly christened this as the official mac daddy.
Here's why...  Ambiance is fantastic.
When all the sliding glass doors are open the whole restaurant is patio like.
With the A/C  running full blast you never feel the wretched AZ heat, yet it's like your dining al fresco.
They even have a very large tree (albeit fake) inside the restaurant.
Aside from at least 15 4-top tables (which I'm sure can be slid together to accommodate large parties) I saw inside, there are also few half booth half tables.
Not to mention they have a large patio with booths, tables and high tops.
There's not only a sushi bar to sit at but also a "kitchen bar" which surrounds the open kitchen.
Pretty cool.
We sat a the bar ( which is rather large, and features 2 large projection television screens ) to take advantage of happy hour.
Their bar stools cushioned seats with backs (plus!
)  On to the food/drinks...  Their drink menu consists of 15 or so specialty cocktails.
(All $2 off on happy hour) Some martinis, some frozen, some on the rocks.
All have interesting ingredients that you wont find in many places.
I tried the "Coconut" and the "Kumquat".
Both were fantastic.
They also have a lengthy sake menu.
Aside from several specialty beers on draft they have "Patron" on draught.
Ice cold tequila shots that aren't watered down?
Yes please!
They have a decent wine list as well.
To eat we ordered several things to share.
First round was the bacon wrapped dates and wild mushroom tacos.
Both were stellar.
The bacon wrapped around the dates was cooked to perfection.
The chorizo and queso fresco filling was warm,creamy and paired perfectly with the sweetness of the dates.
It was honestly one of the best dishes I've ever had.
The tacos weren't close behind in flavor and will be ordered again.
(FYI during happy hour you can 4 of ANY of their tacos and a 32oz beer for $14)  Second round was the braised pork belly, coconut mussels and the mango habenero salmon ceviche.
The pork belly was demolished almost instantaneously because well it's pork belly and who doesn't like pork belly!?
The mussels were served in a delicious coconut, lime and ginger broth.
They were the biggest mussels I have ever seen and tasted very fresh.
Melted in my mouth.
I just wish they were served with something to sop up the glorious nectar the mussels were served in!
The salmon ceviche was decent, I wish there was more of a kick to it.
Just needed something but that's probably just me.
The salmon itself was very fresh though I must say.
For dessert we opted for the trio of creme brule.
Kumquat, chocolate raspberry and green tea were being served that night.
The green tea was my favorite.
Perfect way to end a delicious meal.
Finally, our bartender Katelyn was great.
She helped guide us through the menu and recommended several of the items we ordered and she was spot on!
We will be back to see her!

The mango habanero sauce/salsa thing is #bombdotcom.
A hint of sweetness at first with a huge lingering kick.
A very balanced combination of both.
Food was a good mix of interesting and different flavors.
The size is smaller (almost like tapas) so it is easier to try numerous menu items.
Pricing is moderate.
A bit pricy for some items but def nothing outrageous.
The staff was friendly and attentive, though that may be because we arrived shortly after they opened for the day.
Didn't have to contend with too many other customers at the time which was a huge bonus.
Seeing as the restaurant is new, there were a few execution issues I noticed with our meal.
The sea bass was overly seasoned and I kept looking for something to help cut the saltiness.
The garnishes on the plate didn't help much in that respect.
The overall flavor and concept of the dish was nice though.
Def would try again.Their sushi was beautifully presented but wasn't rolled (or packed, since the pieces were square) very tightly.
It often fell apart as we tried to pick them up.
Aside for these couple of items, it was a nice experience.
HH daily so I'll def be back.

Start to finish everything was done right.
We were seated quickly.
The dining room was busy but they were well staffed.
Our server was enthusiastic and knowledgeable.
We order 5 dishes and none were disappointing.
Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood.

I love the Whimsy Modern Airy Atmosphere.
When you walk in and you get the feeling you are one of those beautiful people in a movie that's in a really cool place somewhere.
Oh But Yes you are it's Scottsdale AZ !
Asian and Latin Faces are sprinkled on some of the seats and a big really Real Looking tree is planted in the dining room.
The Beautiful Restaurant was also pristine clean like a hospital.
Our waiter was very welcoming and explained the menu to us.
The food is Asian Mexican Fusion and is TAPAS Style meaning you share small plates and do need to order 2 - 3 plates a person even at lunch time.
We started with the Korean Beef Tacos and the Miso Eggplant.
Both were delicious and oh so delicate I think someone must have very good eye sight and used tweezers to add all the tiny delicate flowers and micro veggies in the right places on both these dishes.
The Eggplant is a must get dish, it's creamy eggplant flesh that's slightly sweet and laced with miso and sake and also  adorned with sesame seeds.
I would say the same about the Tacos  that are just as delicate and are also highly detailed and ARE DELICIOUS.
But I do think they should up the price a few dollars and give you more tacos because my photo doesn't show you how small they really are.
They are smaller than street tacos and you only get two to share.
They were delicious and delicate but they were only a very small taste as they are only two bites at the most.
We also shared the Crispy Chicken Mole, another must get dish.
Like everything else the presentation of the food was EXQUISITE!
The dish was made with really moist delicious Chicken and Sweet Plantains and pickled red onions to cut the richness of the mole.
It wasn't big on crisp but was really oh so delicious and I sure wouldn't mind getting it again.
For lunch this was more of a splurge but this is the kind of place when you want something special and different.
I thought dinner prices were reasonable as they didn't differ so much from lunch.
I don't know if everything on the menu is as delicious as what I tried but sure will come back again to find out!
The only thing holding me back from giving 5 stars are the tacos as interesting and delicious as they were.
They were smaller than street tacos and you only got two for $7.00.
For me I think either the tacos should become slightly bigger or they should up the price a few dollars and give you four tacos to share.
I note everything else I tried seemed in line with what it should cost.
Service was very welcoming and very efficient.
I can't wait to try this place out for dinner!
4.5 Stars

Drove by this place and saw Japanese/Mexican fusion and thought, not a good idea.
Read some reviews on Yelp and thought,  what the heck,  try it.
Walk in a the place is very cool inside lots of seating options.
At the sushi bar,  at the kitchen bar,  at the bar bar,  tables or patio.
Lively place too with music going a good "crowd" noise that isn't overbearing but you also don't feel like you're in a library either.
We couldn't get a table without reservations but any of the bar seating was available.
So we sat at the kitchen bar which was a bee hive of activity.
Very cool.
Our waiter David instantly took over and started making recommendations.
Drink choices were awesome!
David went through the menu as fusion food can be overwhelming  with choices.
We made a couple selections but thankfully David helped out with some.
The best way to order was what he recommended, family style and lots of dishes everyone eats from.
The range of flavors from sushi to carnitas tacos is out of this world.
The food was so incredible, not a bad choice (and I'll tell you I'm a pretty picky eater).
The wait staff checked on us and brought food as ready.
Everything about Sumo Maya is top notch.
If you go ask to sit in David's section if he's working.
If you're willing, let him make recommendations and adjustments.
Best waiter I've even had.
Besides, with his haircut he has to be cool.....

So, Mexican Asian fusion sounds like a stretch, but it's actually really good.
I was in here for lunch service and was delighted by the food and service that we received.
The server was knowledgeable and served us our food in a timely manner to where it was not overwhelming.
His suggestions were thoughtful and he communicated well.
So the food... Was great, the plates are beautiful and balanced.
I started with the hamachi ceviche and the truffle oil shined through without ruining the taste of the fish.
The sushi rolls were also great and all of it was just great.
The dessert and coffee were amazing!
We had the tres leches cake and I had a cup of coffee to go with it.
The coffee was light and had a mild sweetness to it.
The server told us that it was a coffee place based out of Tempe... Blah blah blah this place deserved the 5 stars that I gave it.

Oh my god!
Absolutely delicious food across the menu.
Our server couldn't of been anymore friendly and personable.
The food was on point and just exploded in the mouth.
Customer service was phenomenal when it came to a small dissatisfaction with a dish.
We felt the delicious chips with the guac were a little on the chewy side.
They took them back instantly, fixed the issue and comped the item on the bill.
I stressed to the server that I was not complaining and didn't feel like it needed special attention but they still took it off the bill.
Wow!
All around A+.
Hamachi Cerviches is to die for!
By far the best restaurant stop while visiting Scottsdale in the last 4 days.
We will be back.

First things first: Make a reservation.
I decided to play it safe and reserve a table for 6:00 p.m. on Saturday evening.
At first I thought I was probably over-cautious with a reservation so early, but the dining room was packed!
I think the only available seating was around the bar, which was humming.
As everyone else says, the space is open, colorful, breezy and beautiful.
I loved every little detail--the vases, lights, knick-knacks, intricate metal candle holders, all with a heavy dose of bright magenta pink and orange.
It was trendy and welcoming and just right.
The open garage door walls made for perfect summer dinner ambiance.
Our server was sweet and explained the menu thoroughly, and gave us some recommendations.
Our haul:  -Sake sangria for me: sake, cucumber vodka, ginger, other assortment of flavors to make for an absolutely refreshing cocktail  -Traditional guacamole (I'm eyeballing the pomegranate/dried fruit gauc for next time) and house-fried chips.
This was magnificent.
The queso fresco and citrus notes of the chunky guac made it some of the best I've ever had in a restaurant.
To be honest, I think it's a little silly that you only receive 5 chips in total (and they are amazing--crispy and perfectly seasoned) and another order of chips is $1.
But I don't want that to take away from how delicious this dish was.
-Mushroom tacos: Perfect little street tacos with AMAZING smoky-grilled mushrooms.
These were perfection.
I could eat about 10 of these, if left to my own devices.
I put a little leftover guacamole on mine---tastebud party.
-Shishito peppers: Shishitos have become a personal obsession of mine over the past year and if they are on the menu, you can bet I will order them.
The ample portion came tossed in a delicious soy caramel glaze.
Word to the wise, these are marked as Vegetarian on their menu, but are topped with bonito flake (dried fish flakes).
Seeing as I'm becoming increasingly "meh" in my vegetarianism, I just ate the ones on the bottom.
I wasn't passing up these beauts!
Finally, I chose the sumo green roll to round out the meal.
A perfect portion of a veggie roll, topped with a tasty tomatillo salsa.
Boyfriend had the lamb chop, which I thought was a teensy bit tiny for $12, but he said it was absolutely delicious.
We thought we couldn't handle any other food, but then our gal ran through the dessert list.
HOLY.
We ended up on their take of a tres leches cake, topped with toasted whipped cream, drenched in what seemed like melted ice cream (I'm sure there is a more fancy word for this) with a side of chocolate crispies (again, I'm sure something fancier than what I'm describing).
It was honestly?
Life changing.
The other desserts sounded just as amazing.
Mexican chocolate lava cake with a horchata drizzle?
Trio of paletas?!
All in all, what a perfect addition to the neighborhood.
If I'm feeling like a special occasion dinner, I'm probably choosing Sumo Maya!

I really love the design and decor of this new restaurant.
Very open feeling and ultra hip place to eat, drink and have fun.
I've had several of the small plates and really like their beer and wine selections.
Their cocktails are also very original and tasty.
My favorite dishes are the shaking beef and the salmon and avocado roll.
The guacamole is great but the chips it comes with can be overly greasy at times.
Parking can be a challenge so go with the free valet if you can't find a parking spot on your own.

Every time I come to Arizona, I always have at least one dinner with my dad.
Usually it's at a place around the corner from his house, sometimes it's at a sushi restaurant, sometimes the AYCE Brazilian BBQ.
This time he picked SumoMaya, and I am so glad he did.
It seemed really out of place in a business park, but once inside I decided it was one of the best restaurant layouts I've ever seen.
There was a (fake) tree right behind our table, and the whole restaurant was open to the outside lights, yet enclosed so it wasn't too hot.
The kitchen was also open so you could see them making the food.
Our server was super friendly and helped us pick out some dishes.
I have to say literally everything that was put on our table was amazing.
We've dined at SushiSamba before and you can tell the chef came from there, as some of the dishes seemed to come from there.
Our favorite was the tuna tacos, of which we ended up ordering another round at the end of the meal.
I just can't say enough good things about this place.
Even the basic sushi rolls were amazing.
Can't wait to go back!

Tried this restaurant for the first time today!
Went with a couple friends and I honestly had no idea it was a new spot till the waiter told me.
Well let's start off with the fact that we got there at 4ish so dinner was not yet ready (starts at 5) and we had to sit either by the bar or high top tables.
I was a bit bothered by that since it was 3 of us and we were starving.
I did not want to share a tiny small table, but we did anyways!
Since the whole dinner thing and not being able to sit at a regular table did bother us at first.
We just decided to only have an appetizer/drink and head on to another place but those minutes flew by and the appetizers came out so quick, we were very surprised.
I ordered chicken tacos and even though they are super tiny they were AMAZING!
Also the calamari was so flavorful.
I asked the waitress to surprise me with a drink and she brought out a coconut beverage that was so good and had just the right amount of alcohol in it.
We ended up waiting till 5 to move to a bigger table for dinner.
No joke we ordered about 10 different plates and they were all wonderful!
The reason why I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 is because they offer rice but NO BEANS!
I LOVE BEANS!
How could they do this to me!
Lol well either way I will probably come back anyways.
I had a second drink which was a coconut/pineapple margarita.
The waiter did not mention it was frozen which I did not like but either way it was STRONG!
(Very well worth your money if I may say so).
Overall, service was great and so was everything else.
The place is definitely very hip and modern!

Great happy hour menu.
Speciality cocktails were good and the bacon wrapped dates were delish!
The service was amazing!
Chelsea our waitress was very attentive and friendly, she gave us a lot of really good recommendations.
Definitely will be back!

I love everything about this restaurant!
The decor, the vibe, the colors, the concept, the chefs, & especially the food!!
Everything is fresh, tasty, & uniquely presented.
I have been here 3 times now & have loved it better than the last.
The menu is so expansive that it can please the choosiest of eaters.
The food comes out quickly & the drinks are so delicious!!
This is my new favorite place in town!!
It's now open for lunch which is even more exciting!
Keep up the good work because you have a hit on your hands!

This place would have gotten 5 stars if not for its manager.
Wow.
We were very surprised with his careless and rather rude demeanor.
He actually seemed to enjoy it as well which made it frankly, a little weird.
We'd asked 3 times for forks but were never brought any.
We'd been served our appetizers which 3 of us couldn't eat with the chopsticks on the table.
It's Mexican/Asian fusion so you'd think they might consider that not everyone eats with chopsticks and set the tables with forks - but there you are.
Regardless, after asking a 3rd time and still not receiving forks, one of us got up and happened to find the manager and ask for some.
Dang if that guy didn't cop an attitude right away, get defensive, then rude...and then almost sneer about it every time he later passed our table.
To say it was off-putting really would be an understatement.
This guy is dead weight.
They need to lose him.
How hard is it to say, "Hey, sorry that happened?
Let me get you some.
"    The food was delicious though - all of it!
Try the bacon wrapped dates, the calamari, the rock shrimp and the tacos!
The rolls were great too!

There were some major hits and misses with SumoMaya.
If you're going to eat here, it's really important to know what to order so that you don't end up with any disappointments.
My husband and I both studied the yelp reviews and our instagram feeds to help guide us, but we still ended up with some stinkers.
What was excellent: 3 of our 4 cocktails!
My husband's drink combined tamarind and rye, sort of like a manhattan.
I got the green magic mojito, and the combo of coconut and mint was divine.
I especially loved the whipped coconut cream on top.
My second cocktail was their take on Pegu Club's amazing pisco punch.
The SumoMaya version was crazy good too.
For food, we loved the buttery, soft eggplant dish.
Even if you think you hate eggplant, you may very well like this.
Good portion for the price too.
My husband said his yellowtail roll was far better than any he's had in AZ.
The fish was fresh and not mushy like other places.
What was pretty good: The guacamole with togarashi was a great, albeit very expensive, starter.
I might start sprinkling togarashi on my guac at home now.
My husband liked salmon ceviche a lot but was yearning for kumquats in every bite.
With that little tweak, it would have been excellent.
Cocktail number 4, the passionfruit drink with mezcal, was decent but didn't come close to the yumminess of the others.
The misses: the summer corn.
So bland.
I don't know why I keep ordering this type of dish because I can make awesome Mexican corn at home.
I guess I keep waiting to get surprised.
The sumo green roll needed a lot of help from soy and wasabi.
My husband thought it was awful.
His hamachi ceviche was a let down too.
Just one dimensional, not much too it.
Would we come here again?
Maybe with a good set of ear plugs.
The restaurant was nightclub in Vegas loud at 8pm on a Thursday night.
It's just too much techno to be enjoyable.

So I was raving about this place until I went for happy hour on a Friday afternoon.
It was 4:50 when we asked to be seated in the main dining area because they opened the door/window panels in the middle of AZ summer.
5pm came and I had to argue with the brunette, frumpy, lumpy and ill-mannered head hostess to seat us inside because we were sweating like hookers in church (by then).
She had the audacity to ask us to make reservations next time.
The dining room was 95% empty.
The food...I went during the week and it was phenomenal.
I ordered the guacamole crab app again but this time they topped with a tea spoon of crab versus the plentiful amount of yesteryear.
Bottom line: don't go to this restaurant on a Friday or Saturday night because you'll get bad service from staff and inconsistent food quality from the middle chef.

Probably not fair to review since we left without eating.
It was so LOUD.
The music was shaking the glasses.
The server had to bend over the table and shout  "do you want STILL WATER OR BOTTLED WATER..".
That did, it we were out the damn door.
WHY do place feel they have to make you DEAF to eat there??????
Really?
Maybe I will order take out if they agree to bring it out to the parking lot.
Oh, and that is already a nightmare, with another restaurant yet to open there soon..

We have been excitedly awaiting the opening of this restaurant for a few months now.
We finally tried it for lunch today and unfortunately we were dissapointed.
The food was just okay and the service was definitely lacking.
We ordered the guacamole and it was extremely salty.
In all fairness when we complained about it they took it back but unfortunately the one they brought out was also super salty.
I suggest that they train their servers better so they can answer questions about items offered on their menu specially for people with food allergies.
Maybe they were just having an off day.
We may try them again in the future.

Overpriced for tapas style.
Waiter could not really explain menu and menu was too complex for what you get.
Waiter did inform us the menu has already been revised once since opening.
Being open a month you would think they would have produce to make a salad.
Three items we tried to order they could not make.
You will be disappointed and still hungry if you only order one item on the menu.
For two people expect to spend $90 plus.
The concept sounds like a fun idea but so far Sumo Maya has poorly executed it.
The music is obnoxiously loud and unnecessary.
Oh and food comes from two kitchens so expect food to randomly appear at your table.
The experience was like hanging at an old town bar except that is not the experience I want for dinner service.
Parking is valet only and very limited so be ready to fork out a tip for the "complimentary" valet.
Recommendation i s to not waste your time and money.
Changes will need to occur before going back.
For Asian just go to Tooties across the street.

This place has been a long time coming, and I'm glad to see it's finally open.
We had a quick dinner at the bar last night, and the food is so good that I want to write a quick review.
It's a cool restaurant physically, although the high ceilings kill a bit of the intimacy, and probably costs them a fortune in air conditioning.
We sat at the bar, which is large and comfortable, and ordered our dinner there.
There were a LOT of people working behind the bar.
I didn't count, but it looked like they were tripping over one another.
Our bartender was very nice, even replacing a drink I didn't like that I ordered from the cocktail menu.
But the service isn't completely dialed in at Sumo yet.
For instance, I ordered the FABULOUS mushroom tacos, but a server brought over chicken tacos.
I told him it was wrong, and instead of taking them back to the kitchen, he got in a bit of an argument with our bartender, and our bartender showed him our ticket twice because he seemed to want someone to blame.
It was an unnecessary conversation in front of a guest, and he should've simply apologized and brought the right dish.
This was all on the server, not our bartender.
Every food item we ordered was splendid.
I had the tacos, my wife ordered the Kimchi fried rice, and we had the traditional guac.
We ordered some garbanzo beans, too, but somehow they didn't get into the computer, but we didn't finish the guac, so it was no huge loss.
We are vegetarians, and we were very happy with the wide variety offered to veggie customers.
My only complaint is that you get a ton of guac and too little of the bread for dipping, which is another $1.
I can afford another dollar, but it seems cheap on the restaurant's part, but that's a small complaint for what was a great meal.
For drinks I ordered the top two items on the cocktail menu: a five spice rum drink and a coconut drink.
I didn't find either remarkable, but I'm willing to keep going down the menu on future visits.
The crowd is pretty typical Scottsdale, which is generally a turnoff for me and I tend to stay on my home turf in central Phoenix, but I'll venture down Lincoln Rd and sneak in again soon.

Unable to accommodate a party of 18.
Said they ran out of food even though we had been working with them for several days to plan this.
Told us the day before our event.
Way to leave us high and dry.

This place is way trendy.
It's got everything a new, trendy Scottsdale spot should have.
Weird fusion food, an eclectic yet tasteful interior decorating job, wooden chairs (the ones that look like they could have come out of someone's old barn, but really they cost $500 each from Restoration Hardware), mismatched, waitresses who look like they could work nights at El Hefe in their booty shorts, and an open floor-plan concept.
It's got it all.
If you don't know what Mexican-Asian fusion food is, don't worry.
No one else does either.
But it's dang tasty!
I like that SumoMaya sounds like it would be way too off-the-grid type of food to be enjoyable, but they actually do a good job of separating their menu into a Mexican category and an Asian category so people don't get too freaked out.
I ended up having the Duck Breast, something I thought I'd be going out on a limb ordering, but it was amaaaaaazing.
Very tender, full of flavor, and I would happily order it again.
I didn't have any cocktails, but my friends had plenty of them since we were there for a birthday, and everyone had great things to say about their drinks.
I tried one of them, the Passionfruit, and it was to die for.
It's similar to a margarita, but they mix in some ginger beer for a little zing and a little fizz, and you should definitely order it.
All in all, great experience.
The service was pretty slow.
I was the last to get my drink, and all I got was a red wine, and the last to get my food (but it was duck breast so I'm cool wit that).
Otherwise, it was great, and our server was very nice.

Was so anxious to have a meal there, place looks ok lots of ppl in kitchen, bar looks great the super large tv's are impressive.
Ordered the tempura cod tacos...what a disappointment, they were just OK and way too small.
Had a passion fruit drink...again just OK.
This was Sunday and it was not packed but we still had to wave the server down for a 2nd bellini.
I probably  won't go there again there are too many better places to go spend my money at.

Wonderful.
My wife and I are big time foodies, and I can honestly say everything we tried was delicious.
Guacamole w crab....yes please.
Suzuki roll w chipotle aoli, also delicious.
We ended w a paella dish that was off menu that our waiter recommended that included chicken, shrimp, and chorizo....phenomenal.
Will be heading back very soon!

Really enjoyed dinner at SumoMaya...very innovative design & quite - creative entrees.
Alittle expensive, but really worth the price.
Hope fellow yelpers will give it a try.

I'm very disappointed after dinning at this restaurant.
The decor and layout was nice, but the food failed to deliver on taste.
Dish 1- guacamole with lump crab and key lime: not enough lime nor cilantro, crab pieces doesn't have the seafood taste to it (fail) Dish 2 - crispy calamari with sweet chile, chile, sesame and lime: the calamari pieces were drenched in the sweet chile sauce, which was extremely sweet, that I can't taste the chile nor the lime (fail) Dish 3 - Korean beef Taco with soy, sake, sesame, and kimchee: I was expecting sliced BBQ Kalbi beef.
But instead, it was a kind of pulled pork style beef.
Doesn't taste that bad, but no Korean style by any standard (not bad) Dish 4 - Kimchi fried rice: there was no kimchee to be found in the whole dish.
It tastes like Chinese fried rice with a lot of mushrooms.
It lacked the red chile flavor that is in all kimchee fried rice.
Super salty as well.
(Epic fail) Dish 5 - Pad Thai Al Pastor: again, not authentic at all.
Noodle wasn't cook all the way through.
Very salty as well.
( so so) Dish 6 - Vietnamese style shaking beef: I have to honestly say that it was delicious; however, $24 for 8 little pieces of beef was a little pricey even for Scottsdale (yum) Desserts: mochi: store bought so nothing to say yay or nat about.
There were 4 dishes that I wanted to order and was told are out.
I was here at 8 on a Saturday night.
Hmmmm....
Overall, I give it 2 out of 5.

