I was craving some wings and since I was in the area decided to give what I thought was Wing King another chance.
Brian was not there so that did seem odd but I was going to place my order anyway.
I mean even owners take the day off occasionally.
Then the gentleman taking my order mentioned they had only been opened for a couple of weeks and I thought, wait, where am I?!?
Lol.
Turns out Brian is gone.
Looking at his facebook it appears that he will be opening in another location.
Price wise it's about the same as other wing locations in town.
I got the lemon pepper and honey bbq.
Usually lemon pepper is my favorite and my go to but in this case I really liked the honey bbq and would order it again.
They offer 15 flavors of wings but the new owner said there would be more.
So that is a major difference between Wing King and this new spot.
The Wing King menu had 60 flavors and offered dessert.
They don't currently offer dessert so the yelp check in won't be honored.
I have to take away one star because they could be more generous with the ranch and the blue cheese.
I ordered the 30 piece and it came with two containers and that was enough for a 15 piece but not 30.

Great wings yummy flavor interesting menu cool service a little bit if an odd location but niffty :)

The tall younger boy was especially nice.
He suggested the bourbon and teriyaki  wings which were awesome.
Can t wait to go back.

Great customer service!!
And the sauces and wings....on point!!
Had the tequila lime and the DC famous mumbo.
Definitely going back to try the rest of the flavors.
The house dressing is real good too!!
Gracias Armando!

My family and I were craving chicken wings and we saw 702 wing spot and we decide to go try it out.
We liked how they have so many favors to choose from we got medium, parmesan garlic and honey bbq and they were really good and the fries were great!
The people were really nice especially the young guy.
we were very pleased.

Was feenin some Jamaican Slam Wings and Sweet Chili Glazed Fries so off I went to the one place that satisfies my craving.
Wing King.
*Record scratch.
Huh?
This aint Wing King!
Apparently, its a whole new owner and he named it 702 Wing Spot.
Now being the open minded Yelper that I am I was more than willing to give these guys a spin.
What I got was the Rat Pack ($9.99).
You get one sauce for 10 pieces of wings, fries, and a drink.
I wanted to play it safe so I got just honey barbeque.
When they brought out my order, it was only 9 wings and they noticed it as soon as they put it down in front of me.
They said to just go ahead and start eating and they will bring out the other piece.
At first I was thinking that this was a bad first impression.
But about 5 minutes later they brought out 3 pieces because they felt bad about their mistake.
I was impressed.
As for the wings, not bad.
Not bad at all.
I think I will go for more bolder sauces next time like Mango Habanero.
The fries were sprinkled with some type of cajun spices which made it pretty good.
Not as good as sweet chili glazed fries but good nonetheless.
Lastly, you get a 12 ounce can of soda.
Not a bad deal for 10 bucks.
As a bonus, when you check in you get a free dessert!
At that time, not all the desserts were available because he just opened so I ended up going with the cheesecake on a stick which normally sells for $3.99.
If you refer to my pic, it is a nice sized goodie for you guys with a sweet tooth!
It had a rich taste to it just like how a good cheesecake should be.
Originally I was gonna give them 4 stars but the service more than made up for that supposedly bad first impression.
I like these guys.
A bit different than Wing King but I am more than happy to recommend these them.
For those that are not familiar with this place, they are located in a strip mall kind of setting with other food joints of different ethnicity.
Dont let the appearance fool you for the good food and service will have you coming back!
Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #161

