5 As the previous reviewer mentioned, this is a newly remodeled facility which has turned out wonderfully. All new equipment and works great.   I have been using this place since I discovered it about a year ago. The remodeling took place in November and December 2012. Previously this was just car wash station with about 8 self serve stalls and 2 or three automatic. The remodeling removed some of the self service stalls (there are approx. 4 now) and used this space for a new Laundramat and a dog wash station, which i hear is one of the only ones in the Madison area.   I have been there mostly on Sundays and they have an attendant who is an older gentlemen and is very friendly and fun to shoot the breeze with if you use the self service stations. Personally, I believe you cant get a better car wash than using the self service stations if you have the time and strength (your arms do get a little sore after!). For 5 dollars I believe, you get 12 minutes which is plenty of time to do a thorough wash, rinse, wax and time to use scrubber on front end/rims as needed. The soap is not watered down like other places. They also take credit card at the self service station, so no need to fill a sock full of quarters. The only other self service I know of in the Madison area is off Rimrock road, which is cheaper, but for less time, in a rough area, in terrible shape,  and the soap is MUCH more watered down.   I have also used the laundramat there recently and received exceptional serivce. They have a special going on in March that all dryers are free! All new machines, therefore clothes come out smelling and looking great. In addition, this is a full service laundramat, therefore there is a regular attendant on duty who will do the washing, drying and foling for you. I believe the charge was 49 cents for every lb. They also have a promotion going on right now for the first 10lbs are free. It is a very convenient service if you have a lot of errands to run and dont want to waste an afternoon at the laundramat. I had quite a bit of laundry one day, and the attendant gave me a very good deal in addition to the 10 lbs free. Make sure to tip the attendant if you use this service, she did an excellent job and saves you a ton of time!  I have not used the dog wash, as I do not have a dog, but I imagine it could be something fun to do.  The only negative I have about this place is that is hard to get in and out of, as you have to pull in behind the building and turn the corner of the building at a blind spot. Its about as narrow as one lane, and people come in and out of same drag.
