1 Do you like it when your bowels want to explode?  Then this is the place for you.  The sad thing is, the aroma coming from the restaurant is hypnotizing as it drifts through the neighborhood, and the staff is really nice, but holy jeebus, does the pizza suck.  Every time we went there we spent the rest of the night in the bathroom.  Awful.
3 Great little bar, friendly bartenders (unlike the *other* Spartan- ahem!) and super pizza.  A little on the smoky side, except for a one-day-per week smoke free Saturday, so time your visits accordingly.  Decor in the restaurant could use some updating, but it's a small-town family owned joint that is what it is....
4 Spartan Pizza is going smoke-free on March 1, 2010, well ahead of the ban.  Way to go, Spartan!!!
5 We went there for the first time yesterday, and I would definitely recommend Spartan Pizza.  Here's why: - the crust is thin, crunchy on the bottom, chewy on top - the sauce is sweet and savory - the cheese is rich and delicious - the veggies were fresh and tasty  We ordered the Canadian bacon deluxe (with onions, green peppers, green & black olives, and mushroom too I think).  The Canadian bacon tasted like real meat and is among the best I've had ... not at all like that heavily processed stuff you usually get at the store.  The CBD is naturally quite salty from the bacon and olives but I like that.  We also had the small salad which was just iceberg lettuce and tomatoes, but what can you expect for $2?  I'd bet the pizza salad is much better.  The service was casual and friendly.  In regards to the atmosphere, we ate in the parlor booth area which is clean enough and family-friendly but quite dated in appearance.  We left through the adjoining room which is a bar that has been added on and is much more modern and was populated by locals drinking and eating dinner around the bar.  I should also note that the plates for eating pizza are plastic.  This is a "no frills" kind of place.
4 Good pizza (not like Pizza Hut, more like home-made) with a great bar with nice, friendly service.
