5 The whole chain of Barriques around the Madison area are wonderful.  This one boasts a fireplace that my friend and I spent hours in front of trying to stay warm last weekend.  The staff was friendly and the atmosphere is cozy.  The extensive wine and liquor collection made me almost salivate. 5 stars.
5 i agree with kelly. the staff is really knowledgeable about their wines and i love the variety. the atmosphere is excellent. depending on when you go, you can get good baristas or not-so-good baristas. but when you get a good one, the whole place is absolutely fabulous.
4 I love almost everything about the Middleton location. Big tables to study at or meet friends, great selection of wine and beer, free internet access and busy enough to not feel strange but slow enough that you can almost always get a seat. Also their wine tasting is a lot of fun and interesting when I want to play adult for a night. The only downfall is that the service can tend to be somewhat indifferent to you standing behind the counter. Overall a great place.
2 Barrique's in general is great - they know their wine, and they serve Milwaukee's own Alterra coffees and baked goods.I've been to two of their other Madison locations and enjoy the laid-back atmosphere and comfortable seating areas.   However, this morning on my way out of Middleton, the staff at the Middleton Coffee Trader location was dismal. At 7:30 a.m., the assumption in a coffee shop three blocks from a major freeway entrance should probably be that people are on their way to work, or just generally not interested in a leisurely 15-minute wait for a latte!  When I entered the store there was one person already waiting for an espresso drink, one person ahead of me and no one behind me. After one of the three employees rung me up, I waited several minutes as the barista VERY leisurely made the person in front of me's cappucino. She was literally pulling an espresso, standing for a few seconds talking to the other girl, then steaming the milk, then standing, and so on.  After she finally finished the other guy's drink, she wiped her area down and took her sweet time to start my drink. It was very obvious I was there waiting, and very obvious that she was just wasting time. Meanwhile, her and one of the other employees started to argue with one another, all the while she does nothing. Finally, I tried to make eye contact with one of them, because I really was in a hurry to get back to Milwaukee. Finally, she made my drink, slooooooowly.   As an aside, I'm not that uptight or fast-paced of a person, but customer service with no customer focus really gets on my nerves, and there is simply no excuse for ignoring a customer in a coffee shop at 7:30 in the morning. The whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth.
4 Although this might not be my favorite Barriques location, it IS closest to me. Still has the great Alterra coffee, but I'm just not sure about the atmosphere. Not that there's anything horrible to report, but it's just not the most relaxing location. Easy to get in and out of, which is a plus.
4 I'm going to say that I like it better here than the downtown Madison location for a very simple reason: Seating. It's also a great option to have when stuck out in Middleton for the holidays. This place helps that little Middleton stay classy and it helps me stay sane when I make my annual return to the west side.  Otherwise, I'm staying in Madison for my coffees.
4 I love the concept of a coffee shop/wine & beer store in one. The tea selection was nice & the atmosphere quaint. The lattes were better than Starbucks (but really- is that saying much?)
2 Coffee is fine, although I agree with Laura F. below. Service has always been VERY slow, despite 3 baristas working at the counter. I'd recommend not stopping here on your way to work, but its an OK place to pick up a latte on the weekend or get a bottle of wine.
3 I was intrigued when I heard that there was a place that combined a liquor store with a coffee shop. I don't know that the 2 necessarily compliment each other... In fact, the counters for both have their backs to each other.  In any event, they have a good selection that is fun to browse through, and they make a decent cup of coffee.
2 They should call it S&M Wine & Spirits. The worst of the Barriques around.... The attitude from the girls working there! They do everything they can to make you feel you are beneath them. I work in Middleton and was stopping daily until I could not put up with the attitude any more. The final draw was when I stood there at the counter for 20min with other customer behind me waiting while I got to listen to. "You know" "Oh my god" "She didn't". "really, really" "Oh my god" "He hooked up with who". The girl working the cash register would look over at me and the others waiting and roll here eyes as she kept on talking with the barista.... When she did take my order she got it wrong. This is basically what I got for service for weeks, so I don't chalk this up to a single rotten apple.
1 I have yet to walk away from this Barriques location NOT disappointed. Horrible, horrible, horrible service. Slow, unfriendly staff who refuse to even talk to you sometimes! I have the unfortunate fate of working in the same business district as this location, and it is the ONLY coffee shop within a reasonable distance. I now drive 10 minutes out of my way to work to get coffee and breakfast because I refuse to give those people any of my money. Please stay away from this location - this warning comes from a girl who has NEVER written a bad review of any place! Boo Barriques! :(
5 This review is for one thing only: iced coffee.  I travel a lot for work and try to seek out a local coffee shop to get my iced coffee fix. Normally, I'm disappointed...not so with Barriques.  The iced coffee (listed as cold brewed for 12 hours) is delicious.  Dark and strong just as I prefer.
5 Great place to chill...  always quiet and can get lots of work done...
4 Pretty stoked that although salads are pre-made these guys dug out ingredients and made me one from scratch sans dairy. Mucho appreciated!
3 It doesn't match the layout of the other Barriques and the seating area is a little cramped and sparse.  Still serves the great coffee that I have come to know and love but unlike their other cafe's, the staff is a little surly and indifferent at times.
4 Tips for meeting at Barriques on University Ave/ Cayuga Court: A. Make sure your friend is meeting you at this one and not the Barriques on Old Sauk. B. Parking can be tricky, but they have spots in the front, back and on the street. C. Grab a spot near the fireplace in the winter.  Can be a bit breezy in there. D. Perhaps get a fortified coffee drink, (as in with some special ingrediants) Daddy Grasshopper, Irish Coffee, etc... they make them up right. E. If you have to pass D. there are still plenty of good options for coffee & tea drinkers. F. Not as many food options at this location but they do have cookies, scones, bagels, etc.. G. Plan on getting some good people watching in.  Turns from business crowd, to mama yoga crowd, back to business to the student crowd during the day.  Take your pick. H. Hard not to pick up a bottle of booze to take home with you.  Lots of good local options or plenty others. I. And if you checked in with Yelp, you'd notice it's 20 % off whole bean coffee. YES REPEAT! Repeat! REPEAT!
4 Nice overall atmosphere, the fireplace and comfy chairs are very inviting. Coffee is always good and the Cowboy cookie is a round slice of ambrosia.  Huge wine selection and wine accessories are also a draw.
5 Any place that serves both caffeine and alcohol, then gives you access to reliable wifi and leaves you alone for five hours is good in my book.
