5 This is truly the best A/V company in the country. Their prices can't be beat by and far. Their sales reps are great and treat their customers great. I can't stop recommending this place to everyone that comes in to my office. If you need anything from a microphone to a full sound system give these guys a call.
1 Tried to purchase some DJ equipment from this company. My order was denied because my billing address for my credit card was different from my shipping address. Really?! I run several companies and have never run into to this. One of my companies the billing address is our PO Box and the mailing address is the store front or what if I wanted to send a gift to someone? I obviously can't do it through Full Compass.  Also why do you offer the option of a alternate billing or mailing address? Doesn't make sense especially in this economy. I'll be sure to send along my $600+ receipt from the company that's okay with a different mailing address.
1 Wouldnt even rate then as 1 star but yelp wont let me dk anytjing less than that.   To start Don't waste your time or money ordering ANYTHING from Full Compass. I recently made a large purchase from their website which took over four hours of my time back and forth with their "customer service" sales rep. Not only will they not allow you to ship to a business address they flat out won lt ship the package to any where but your on file billing address. And further more they couldn't en provide me with a tracking number for my package. I paid for the shipping, it's only natural I get to be informed or aware of when FedEx will be delivering it to me!!! This is one of their illegible polices is the only explain soon I've received, why would anybody give someone payment for sometime that you can even track it's arrival. I'm over it. I will not do business with this company in the future and I would advise anyone else to do the same. Save youraelf the frustration and time!
5 Done a service repair for a broken Sub.. FAST TURNAROUND! Crazy! I called them 3 days, and they`re done and the sub is ready to go! NICE!
5 Recently rented speakers and microphones for an event and was very pleased with the service and quality. I emailed Full Compass, described my needs, and received a prompt response with a quote (within a couple hours).   Easy pick up during regular business hours. I was showed how to use the equipment and it was loaded into my car. Equipment was easy to set up during our event and the sound quality was great! Quick and simple return. Will definitely use them again!
