4 This past weekend I was visiting Madison for a conference and ate at the Nitty Gritty with a group of 50 people. The service was outstanding, friendly, attentive and quick. My water glass was never empty. The restaurant has two levels with high ceilings and polished wood floors. A relaxed, clean atmosphere.  My table of 5 started with chicken strips, good and standard and spinach dip. The spinach dip is excellent, extra cheesy and hot served with chips, and fresh veggies- carrots, celery, broccoli and cauliflower.  We all had burgers and fries. The burger was enormous I could only eat 1/2. Pretty good deal for around $6.  If you are in the area I recommend  the Nitty Gritty.
4 A fun place to go for your birthday!  The wait staff is very friendly, easy-going, and kept checking on us.  We had the Garlic burger and the Teriyaki burger...very yummy....fries and pub fries are recommended. Nice to go for your birthday mug with unlimited beer/soda and the world's smallest ice cream sundae.  I'll definitely go every year.
4 My first Fish Fry!  Yum.  And they make Arnold Palmers too!
4 Watched the Packers here. Popular place for birthdays. Good food too... Seemed like a draft of smoke came in when the door opened which was annoying... But overall a great environment.
2 Maybe I missed something about this place, but after three tries, I just had to stop going back hoping I would finally feel the magic. The burgers are okay, but there are better ones in Madison.   The last time we were there, my son's chicken sandwich was overcooked, and they charged more money since he got it on a pretzel bun instead of the regular bun. Our burgers were unremarkable - not that flavorful or moist. The buffalo wings were greasy and actually not hot when we got them. And the last night we were there, a Friday at about 6:00, the place was full and the service was terrible. As in waiting over fifteen minutes after I had piled all the dirty dishes at the end of the table as a hint that we were way done before the server came by wondering if we wanted anything else.   And somehow, with four people, no alcoholic drinks, two appetizers, and four sandwiches, our bill was over $70. That's US dollars. Before the tip. They charge extra for everything - ranch on the side, cheese on a burger - everything. For a really marginal meal and lousy service, that was way too much money.
3 You know I hate to do this but I have to agree with Vickey M.  The Gritty burgers are something of an acquired taste.  They taste good to me because they bring back memories of the 70s.   They do have good flavor but are somewhat messy and there are better burgers than the Gritty.    The bar was more fun when it was small.  We don't go there anymore because often it is so busy that we can't really enjoy the place like we used to. But I would stop by again for the Gritty Burger.  I recently learned that the gritty burger recipe was changed in the 80s sometime?   Correct me if I'm wrong.   We did think the burger was somewhat different from what we remember.  Now we know why.  The old burger that everyone loved was way better than the new one. We think they need to enlarge the place and bring back the original burger if they still have the recipe.   The sauce was the bomb.
2 Tonight the fam got Nitty Gritty takeout, and for me it was a disappointment. I had suggested the NG because I'd been craving chicken tenders all day. In the past, NG's chicken appeared to be hand-breaded and had a decent dose of pepper in the breading to give it some flavor. Tonight's offering was a step above cafeteria chicken strips. Flat, factory-breaded, flavorless, and all of them with that gross gooey translucent strip of whatever you get in cheap chicken. Making it worse was the addition of soggy fries and not-as-good-as-I-remembered Gritty sauce. For almost $10, I'm calling this a total bust. Yet another restaurant I can cross off the list for upping price and cutting quality.
3 This Nitty Gritty I would have to say is not as good as the downtown madison one and the sole reason is that it is way too small for how many people generally go there. Also their dartboard and such is not well placed and becomes a nuisance when trying to return to the bar for another drink. They have good drink specials and its still got that classic nitty atmosphere but not great...
4 I was in town for training at Epic. Wanted a bar with good food to watch baseball playoffs. I remembered the Nitty Gritty near campus from a previous visit, so tried the one in Middleton close to my hotel.  BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich - Outstanding! Waffle fries - Excellent Capital Amber draft - very good Atmosphere - Fun Service - great.  Too bad it wasn't my birthday.  It seemed that everyone there had a birthday celebration in the group.  That's their thing.  I'll go back, even if it's not my birthday.
2 Their prices have gone up.  The quality has gone down.  Medium-well burger was well done (crispy, burnt).  23 bucks for one gritty burger, one small cheese curd order and two draft beers.  Wow, times have changed.  They just lost my future business.  Judging by how few people were there, it looks like they may be losing a lot of business.  Such a shame, because it used to be fantastic.
2 Meh. This place doesn't suck, but it's not very good. The only time you should really go is if it's your birthday so you can have free beer.  Their menu is incredibly boring and extremely overpriced for the quality of ingredients that they use. On my most recent visit, our table got an order of Nachos to share. With chicken, it cost $12.50. It was nothing more than a plate of tortilla chips covered in Day-Glo orange cheese, jalapeno slices, and gray (eww) dried out chicken pieces. I also had a burger as my entree, and the beef tasted a little funky, like it had been reheated in a microwave--almost metallic. My dining partner had a salad that she seemed to enjoy, but it's hard to mess up a simple green salad. Sadly, I've been here more often than I'd like to admit because they host Team Trivia on Tuesday nights. My boyfriend and I decided to start going somewhere else for trivia when we recently won and got a $40 gift certificate and weren't excited to use it because it meant we'd have to try to consume more of their crappy food. We spent it mostly on booze instead.
3 Delicious pork sandwich with coleslaw and very attentive service at modest prices in a rustic atmosphere
4 This place is great for birthdays. You get your glass mug filled with beer, soda, or juice with unlimited refills, while also getting a very small ice cream sundae at the end.  The burgers were very tasty and cooked as requested. Our server was very good and on top of refills and food came out of the kitchen pretty quick.   I liked the atmosphere in the dining area with tv's mounted throughout the restaurant.  The bar area was not huge, but I could see it being a fun atmosphere later on in the night.
1 Nuh uh. Nope. No no no. My daughter wanted to eat here for her birthday this year, having eaten at the one downtown successfully 4 years ago. Her birthday, her pick. Plus, she delights in the free mug of soda and balloon. She's a birthday sell-out and I think that must be how they suck you in.  But, I digress. Our order took an aggravatingly long time to arrive and our glasses remained empty after having drunk their contents while waiting. There was a Packers game on and many of the wait staff were watching that. I don't know if that was the hold up, but it was a bit irritating.  When our meals finally arrived, my children discovered that the insides of their burgers were very pink. Waaaaay too pink for medium well, which they ordered. It was scary pink and super soft--like raw hamburger generally is. When I told our waiter about it, he was completely uninterested in helping fix the situation, and instead, argued with me about it for quite a while, finally saying, "That's what medium well looks like" in a tone that suggested that I was simply too stupid to know the difference. I'm not. Finally I convinced him to humor me and take them back to be cooked through. He did so with a smidgen of contempt. As a side-note, my husband's burger was to be well done and was also pink, though not raw. Still no drink refills. No one offered a discount, a refund, a free soda while we waited, and especially not an apology. Obviously we won't be back.
