4 so, chinese food... i never care for it, but every once in a while, mr. bekee gets a hankerin', so i go along.  their vegetable moo shu was excellent. a great mix of fresh, crispy (when necessary) vegetables and egg, delivered with four pancakes (not flour tortillas, like some places try to pull), and yummy plum sauce. the vegetable spring roll was also a success, though a little over-greasy.  my dining companion had a three-meat and garlic sauce dish, which he said was delicious with dumplings and a pork egg roll. all were very tasty.  the best part was that the delivery took under 15 minutes! and we're over 2 miles away, as the car drives. i presume they'll become part of our lazy weekend agenda.
3 It was all right.  The vegetable egg roll was great.  The fried rice was ok.  I had chicken lo mein and the noodles & vegetables were good, but the meat was yuck.  I'm not sure what it is... I think I should only order items that do NOT have meat in them when I go to restaurants, because I commonly end up unsatisfied with the meat and it ruins the whole meal.  The checken was bland, tasteless, kind of gummy and some pieces were extremely gristly.  The fortune cookies were the good kind :) and they gave my boyfriend real pancakes w/his order (moo shu pork I think?)  He seemed to like his quite a bit.  PS it was delivery, not eat-in, and the delivery time wasn't horrible, but not super great.
3 I ordered delivery from this place. It took them about 40 min to deliver, which I think is a standard. Well, the food was alright - didn't wow me and my friend, but we didn't complain about it either.  I liked the fact that they serve not overly greasy chinese. We ordered pork chop suey, mixed vegetable, and beef with snow peas. All of them tasted  good without making my guts feel nauseous.   One thing my friend and I didn't know - so in Midwest (or in Madison only?) "chow mein" is not a noodle dish .... .  So make sure to order "Lo mein" if you want that noodle dish. Chow mein is chop suey. I swear it's not like that in California!
4 This is my go to place for Chinese delivery. Never actually been to the store though, most of the food is pretty standard, however the dumplings are fantastic, they're all I order now.
1 No vegetarian options, and staff always too busy and not personable.
4 The great thing about China Wok is it is exactly what you'd expect. It's your decent, standard Americanized Chinese fare. I've never had a bad experience; it's always the same. This place is close by me, so delivery is always super fast. Although the food is generally nothing special, the fried dumplings hold an especially, soft, doughy spot in my heart.
4 This is our "go-to" Chinese restaurant on the North and East side of Madison. It's not going to knock your socks off or anything but it's by far the best in the area in this price range. The food is not super greasy or full of crazy amounts of that fake testing Chinese food seasoning some of the restaurants put in (I don't know what it is...but there are some of you right now who know what I'm talking about!).   They are not overly helpful on the phone but in the many times we've ordered (over 6 years), they've never messed up on an order, are always within 30 minutes of a delivery time, and deliver HOT.   We recommend the orange chicken, the vegetable lo mein, and any form of tofu--especially the tofu cashew (as a nice vegetarian option). I see that some people say there aren't veggie options but as a family that is primarily vegetarian, they've substituted tofu in every dish without complaint. And will make just about any dish you ask. They may not appear to be excited about doing it but then again, I don't think they get excited about anything....They just do what they do--Make good, fast, hot Chinese food. Really, what more do you want?
4 My go to delivery Chinese spot..from that category you gotta know what to expect but the Wok definitely steps it up over any other delivery place that I know of in the area.
4 So far the best Chinese delivery we've had here in Madison. Their food is flavorful, fresh, and not super-greasy.   They also have an online menu to order from, which is amazing! It makes life simple, and I don't have to worry that I mispronounce something or said the wrong thing entirely.   The only complaint I had is that while our food was steamy hot, the crab rangoons weren't. They were actually a little on the cool side. But, it's delivery, so that's not all that surprising.
4 Tasty.  Not too greasy, not too salty.  Quick delivery. Fresh ingredients. Fast delivery... use the computer based ordering system... very efficient. Overall very good food and experience.
4 You know how you see a picture of food at a restaurant, you order it, only to have what is put on your plate barely resemble what you saw in the picture?  Well, you don't have to worry about this at China Wok.  What you get as your meal looks even better than the pictures above their counter.  I've dined at this carry out Chinese location numerous times over the past 2 years.  My office is only a mile or so away and it makes for a quick meal.  I must say, I feel like something has changed in the past year.  When I used to go, I felt like no matter what I ordered, it all looked/tasted the same. (ie sauce, color, vegetables, etc)  But for the past year or so, my coworker and I marvel at how great the food looks when it comes from the kitchen.  We primarily dine in.  We're practically giving each other high-fives, because we feel like we just scored big.  And the flavor is just as good as it looks.  I just ate at another carryout Chinese location and the quality of food reminded me how great China Wok is, so I jumped out to right this review.  I regularly get Kung Pao Chicken or Mongolian Beef.  My coworker exclusively gets General Tso's Chicken (this thing always looks amazing!)  Value is always great...we can get both of our lunches, i usually add an egg roll (75 cents) and he usually gets a soda and it costs us around $12 for both of us.  Quantity of food is also great.  As you can tell, I highly recommend this place.  Given it's a carryout Chinese place, I really should give it 5 stars for overcoming such an obstacle!
3 Like most Chinese in Madison (it seems) China Wok is pretty middle of the road. I won't say it's the worst I've had... that honor was given to Wong's on Atwood, but it's certainly not the best. I have 3 indicators for good Chinese food.   1. What color is the sweet and sour sauce? (It shouldn't be red.) 2. How thick are the crispy noodles? (They shouldn't be, they're noodles, thick "noodles" are just fried wonton wrappers.) 3. What are their specialties. (If they all sound American, they're not special.)  While China Wok has red sauce, thick noodles and specialties that I could probably make it's decent when you're in a bind, have nothing in the fridge and live 2 minutes away. They also have a pretty large delivery radius, and it's only ten bucks minimum, so even if you're solo you can probably hit that mark.   Extremely nice folks though, so for convenience and pleasurable peeps, I'd probably hit them up again.
4 There food is good for what it is and the owners are great!! A few months back they let me in after hours to order.
4 I need to give these guys another star solely based on the fact that I've been there 3 times this month. And while I hold my ground that it isn't he best in town, the staff is incredible... so sweet! And if you miss their crazy 5-$7 lunch specials 11-3, that's ok, because dinner specials start at $8 or so. Again, I've had better in town, but for fast, like lightening fast take-out, it's fit the bill on some colder nights when I didn't feel like leaving the couch to cook.
4 Thanks for the Chinese Delivery suggestion, Yelp! I ordered online using the Beyond Menu app, which was simple enough.  Delicious food. I ordered the Moo Goo Gai Pan (see pic) and Egg Drop Soup. Delivery arrived on-time. Will order delivery from here again!
4 China Wok is my go-to delivery place for basic Chinese.   When I just want some moderately priced food that will get here fast, fill my belly with warm and comforting Asiatic foodstuffs, this is who I turn to. I can't speak for its authenticity or service, but I can speak for how often I find myself hungry, cold, and ordering from China Wok's online delivery system.   I don't generally care for Sweet & Sour anything. That's not real food!  Have you seen that toxic-waste colored, gelatinous red sauce?  That can't be good for you.  But on a friend's recommendation, I tried it from China Wok. It's delicious. Somehow the battered and fried chicken had not become soggy during delivery, and I found it was insanely addictive over pork fried rice. (I like their fried rice- not too greasy. But it seems to turn bitter when you re-heat it the next day.)  Decent dumplings, and my BF seems to enjoy the spare ribs, since those are the only two things he ever orders from there. The sauce that comes with those dumplings is pretty awesome I must say. I also enjoy the crab rangoons, though they are the very creamy kind with almost no actual crab meat. Ask me if I care. Because I don't.   Really, I've probably had 75% of the menu by now, and nothing really sticks out as "not good."  Though once we tried the Teriyaki Chicken and found it to be pretty dry. Who knows if that is how it usually is, since we only tried it once. What business did we have ordering Japanese food from a Chinese place anyway?  They are reliable, fairly priced, good size portions, hot when it arrives, completely non-threatening Chinese. If I wanted authentic Chinese cuisine, I'd be going somewhere for dine-in, not carry out.  China Wok delivers, and makes my insides happy.
4 Good Chinese at an affordable price. They have the best lunch combos and the food is usually ready for pickup in 10 minutes. My food is always hot and have yet had any complaints with consistency.  Not the best Chinese out there but for the price it's pretty solid!
