3 Recently had a facial done after purchasing a living social deal. I really enjoyed the facial. The reason I only gave three stars out of five stars is because I called numerous times to schedule an appointment and always got an answering machine. Not even a voicemail, but an actual old school answering machine. Not having someone answer the phone is a big negative for me.
5 I first started going to Millenium because I had a coupon in the Entertainment book. Amy has been cutting my hair for a couple years now. I love her! She has great ideas when I don't know what I want, and when I do she listens to me and does a good job.  She's also excellent at shaping eyebrows.   When you arrive at Millenium, ask for a cup of chai. It's delicious. :)  I think a cut/style is about $35 or $40 which is about average for a more experienced stylist.
5 I absolutely love this salon! I just moved to the area and my friend referred me here. I have very long hair and am super picky about my stylist and how my hair is cut. I made an appointment with Amy and from start to finish it was a wonderful experience. When I walked in the door I was greeted and asked if id like a beverage. I only had to wait a minute or two before being seen. I was given a great head massage while getting my shampoo and was asked again if id like something to drink while i waited under the dryer. Amy knew just how to cut my hair and even gave me some easy styling tips. I will definitely be referring this place and coming again!
5 I simply cannot say enough good things about Millennium.  I called last minute to see if they could get me in for a hair cut.  They were able to get me in that evening to see Jamie.  I have really long hair, so my experiences with hair cuts have been all over the board.  Jamie did such an amazing job!  She was friendly and did exactly what I wanted.  I also had her give me bangs (Reese Witherspoon type) which I haven't had since I was a kid...I have had nothing but compliments on my new look since!  Jamie suggested a product for my bangs but didn't push anything like a lot of spas/salons do.  Their atmosphere is very clean and hip...great music playing and a very welcoming vibe.  I will be visiting Millennium for hair cuts as well as facials, as they use my favorite line of Dermalogica products.  Check them out if you haven't yet-especially if you are considering a new look!
