4 What can I write about Target that everyone doesn't already know?  The "chic" alternative to Walmart, Shopko or Kmart, Target is a one-stop shop for personal care, housewares, food, toys, and on and on.  This location was recently remodeled and now boasts a Starbucks and full pharmacy.  Oh, and a liquor aisle.  Oh Target, all grown up now, aren't we...? (takes a swig)  For some reason, whenever I go to Target to pick up a few things, I end up spending $50--what the hell did I buy?  I don't know.  If you do venture out to "Tar-zhay," go during a weeknight--weekends can be soul-crushing.  Oh, and listen up single dudes--Target seems to be crawling with ladies of the female variety.  Perhaps true love is around the corner from the Bounty paper towels...
5 I know... it's Target, but it's got pretty much everything you need short of a butcher shop and babysitters. Staff is very helpful... it also houses the closest Starbucks to my home. Since we're talking about 2 miles, that's a bit sad, but oh well..
3 It's Target.....get your shop on!
4 This Target is a good one. Usually pretty well-stocked for things you need and the more recent mid-sized grocery section usually has a decent amount of stuff when you're in need of this or that and already at Target.   One downside is that they usually could use a few more cashiers up front when things are busy. I've often had to wait a bit longer than seems reasonable to pay for a purchase.
2 The Mrs. went to get a blender there today. The unit she wanted was not available in a box ready for purchase, only had one on the display shelf. She asked for help. The reply from boy-flunky: "oh, they are in the back and hard to find'. Gee, could you be any more motivated? He relented and returned with negative results. Bet he looked real hard. Come on. Any you wonder why American brick and mortar commerce is failing. We are shopping on Amazon tonight.
5 It's Target, how can you go wrong?!?  I have never had any complaints with this location. It's clean, convenient, and has an ok grocery section. The check-out lines can be a bit long, but they seem to be good about calling for extra cashiers when it's really busy.  The one time we were looking for something and they didn't have enough of them in stock, they called the nearby Sun Prairie location and arranged it so that our order was waiting at that store when we arrived to purchase it. Very satisfied!
3 I'm usually very pleased with their customer service. However yesterday I felt pushed to make a purchase in the electronic department. He dropped stuff off the counter and I had to pick it up. He didn't even apologize. Overall dissatisfied with the service.
