1 An anti-hybrid of fogies stuck in their ways of business and young kids that don't give a shit.   As soon as you walk in to the store, you are bombarded with stink. That stench comes from the overbearing sprayers that take guerrilla tactics and stink bomb you from counter angles. You have no clue what wretched stank is coming from where. After you run (jog, hell no), from Smell Factor, you are greeted with overpriced products.   Everywhere you turn, there have brands that have not been promoted since the 80's at like $70+ for a shirt. Insane. I wonder why they have had financial issues for decades.  The service is so annoying. You can tell they are told to rush customers. Those that are older take it to heart and do so with parody-worthy vigor. The younger clerks are indifferent; you could read the "don't bother me and let me text my bff because they pay me minimum wage anyway" expression.   The potpourri of intolerables beckons a new chapter in the Fear and Loathing series ...
1 terrible selection of shoes and jeans, and the changing rooms smell like a red line el stop. if you absolutely must visit a department store, drive a few miles and hit up macy's instead.
1 April 2012 I entered Boston Store in East Town Mall in Madison Wisconsin. I was in the store for about an hour and a half. I decided to try on some dresses & skirts. I went into a dressing room to change. I went to the room furthest from the dressing entry way. While changing my clothes I heard a mans voice.  I frantically search for a way to lock the door, but there is not lock! The door flies open! There is a man standing there looking me up & down, smiling at me! I was trying on dresses so I was completely undressed. I went into shock, screaming you can be in here!! I slammed the door ( which flew back open, no lock or latch) I put a chair in front of it and frantically I got dressed. I came out of the dressing room yelling "there is a man in the dressing room"!  The clerks told him he shouldn't be in there, but weren't that concerned about what just happened to me! The only person who seem to care was a customer, she appeared to be shocked about the situation I left the store in tears.  The next day I called the manager. She didn't think it was a big deal! I said "why don't you have locks on the dressing room doors? You could have prevented this horrible situation!" She had no response to my question. She said she would send me a $50.00 gift card, but I received no apology, how insulting!  Come to find out not a single dressing room in Boston Store East Town, not even lingerie dept has a lock on the door. I believe this is every woman's worst nightmare!  Aren't we supposed to feel safe in a store while in a state of undress? I wish it had not happened to me, but it did. I would like to bring awareness to other women. I will always make sure the dressing room has a lock before I enter and undress.  I spoke with store manager several times. I let her know I spend thousand of dollars every year at Boston Store. She didn't seem to care. I asked to speak with upper management, she will not give phone number I gave her mine. To date no one has called.  I feel I was stalked at Boston Store that day. He may have known there were no locks and followed me into dressing room. I feel lucky I was no raped!  I want other women to hear my story and be sure to check dressing rooms for locks. I also want people to hear about the complete lack of compassion/ empathy I received from the store manager who represents this this company.
4 Why the heck is everyone getting down on Boston Store? I've been shopping here all my life (both in it's current location {which used to be Younkers before they merged} and in the old location on the other wing). It's the best department store in East Towne as far as overall brand selection, quality, and service.  Mid-to-high-end lines, a reasonably large selection for the size of the store and when they have sales the sales are super! My favorite section is the clearance room for shoes - always a great place to find a steal on footwear. And I've never had anything but a polite salesperson here and I've been shopping here since the mid 80s.
1 Outdated clothing selection, rude lady working in the shoe department actually looked at me with surprise when I greeted her (she hadn't acknowledged me even after making eye contact, so I said "Hi! How are you?".)    I was hoping to buy a new pair of boots. Not so much after getting treated so gruffly by the shoe sales person. The lady stared at me with surprise, like I interrupted her thoughts about tonight's meatloaf dinner. After a few seconds, she replied in a muffled grunt, "uh....hi". (What's that about?)  I left wondering what kind of 1980s throwback time machine this place must be. Unorganized, dated clothing. Odd smell. Very disappointed.
