4 When I was younger, my aunt and uncle and cousins lived in Kenosha, WI.  We would drive up a few times a year to visit them, and after 2 hours of peering out the car windows along 94, my brother and cousins and I would be dying to get out of the car at any of the attractions along the way--Six Flags, the outlet malls, or any of the many cheese shops that announced your arrival to Wisconsin.    When I went skiing with friends at Cascade Mountain last winter, years of unfulfilled longing swept over me and I demanded that we stop at one.  The one we selected was the Mousehouse Cheesehaus, chosen mostly for it's cute sign and awesome name.  Being a lover of all things dairy walking in, I beelined for the cheese counter, demanding samples of anything and everything.  Oh my!  Anything from a basic, kid friendly American to a 15 year aged Cheddar, to their own special haus cheese.  I probably walked out with a good 2 lbs of various cheeses (and am still wondering how those seemed to add 10 lbs to my figure, but that's another story).  In addition, there were the usual Wisconsin knick knacks, including many types of beers, wines, and other kitsch-y stuff like ashtrays and bottle openers.  The woman working at the counter didn't seem too charmed by my friends and I, but I'm sure I would tire of travelers demanding cheese nibbles after a while, myself.
5 My boyfriend and I made a trip to Wisconsin Dells for my birthday and stopped here on the way back to Chicago to get some cheese. All of the employees here were extremely helpful and friendly. Cheese was decent priced and delicious. I'd recommend it.
5 Great little shop off of the interstate. I was looking for a place to go that wasn't fast food and wasn't the same old-same old. I was surprised how much I liked this place. Made to order deli-sandwiches, cheese, fudge, a New Glarus beverage and Southern Comfort? Yes, Southern Comfort. True one stop shopping. I will make this a regular stop between Elgin and Minnesota!
4 Stop here! Buy a block of the dill Havarti and try a bunch of samples. I am sure there will be others that you love :)
4 Great place to get a sweet treat or custom made sandwich. Lots of cool gifts.
5 Sample the many varieties of cheese and take some Butter Swiss home, you will love the flavor!! :)
2 Was very disappointed at my recent experience at the mousehouse!!! I have been there before and they had always been so nice not the case this time the lady talked down to us about the difference of white and yellow cheddar and just seemed over all bothered by our presence.  So needless to say we didn't ask for a single sample.  Next time we will not going back.
5 I stopped at the mousehouse on my drive home from Wisconsin Dells soley because i thought the name of it was adorable. Inside its very warm & welcoming. We were the only people in there and were asked by 4 different people if we wanted any samples or had any questions. The staff is amazing and excited to help you, which makes me excited to be there! They were all very pleasant to us.   They have delicious deli sandwiches that are made to order. I walked out with some fresh string cheese, cheese whips, a snack pack of beef and cheese, and two blocks of cheese. It was very reasonably priced in there. And of course you can try any of them before buying them!   I highly reccommend the Mousehouse Jack (their house blend cheese) & the Habanero cheese. It's got kick to it, but it's delicious! I will definately be stopping again on my next trip past there.The horseradish & the asiago cheese spreads are AMAZINGLY delicious. as well. be sure to pick up a cheese spread knife for $.99 & a box of crackers on your way out because you'll want to snack on your way home.
2 I'm disappointed by my last stop to the Mousehouse.  I thought I would go outside the box and try the cheese whips (think the string cheese they put in Bloody Mary's), 2 year old sharp cheddar, and the Port Wine Cheese Spread.  Total cost:  $20  The cheddar tasted sweet (I know, weird, right?) and the cheese whips had an off taste and were just nasty, certainly not worth the calories.  The Port Wine Cheese spread was okay but nothing special.  I could have bought something that tasted the same at the grocery.  Disappointed.    My parents love the Mousehouse and always stop on their way to Milwaukee and always get me the cheese curds.  I will be sticking to those from now on as they are tasty and fresh.
4 What an adorable little cheese shop!   Stopped off to break up the endless drive home and for a bathroom break. Little did I know I would come out armed with cheese.  We got a nice lesson on cheese. I was worried that it wouldn't be refrigerated for a few hours and they assured me it would be fine, and it is. I'm always such a freak when it comes to keeping food cool, but trusted the cheese experts.  A very nice lady let us try some of the cheese curds and told us how the cheese becomes a block which is something neither of us knew about. Ended up getting the garlic and dill cheese curds which were amazingly fresh and tasty. They are so good when they squeak.  I stepped over to look at another case. A very helpful young gentleman helped me decide and gave me samples and offered to give me samples. Very nice trying before buying. He knew his cheese.  Ended up with: -Horseradish & Chive Havarti - Swiss and Rye -Garlic Cheese  and some garlic pickles. That Scope mouthwash that breaks through the onion better work!    I told the guy the best cheese we have found was at Costco. He looked like he was appalled and right fully so in the cheese state. However, Costco does get some good cheese in from NY.  Very nice and helpful staff and some really excellent cheese!   They have a little deli counter for sandwiches, some good looking candy and other knick knacks.  Worth a stop!
5 We always seem to miss these cheese shops passing through the Dells. We stopped here coming back from Des Plaines in Oct., and it's right off the exit. As you enter there is a display of fudge, but they only want to cut it for you on the way out. Next are all the gadgets and gifts. I got some cool reading glasses, a ghost cheese spreader, body shampoo, a WI shot glass, cheese slicer. We were hosting the upcoming fountain pen meeting and bought a great variety of meats and cheeses. One large beef summer sausage I brought to my thanksgiving hostess. Picked up a cranberry jelly, various crackers. I got to sample all the cheese spreads, and settled on the sharp cheddar. I loved the beef and cheese snack pack because they came in small bites. We left with a few sundries, and of course the fudge. Be prepared to drop at least $100. And this was us restraining ourselves.
4 We've always enjoyed the Mousehouse.  We don't visit as much since we don't drive that way anymore, but that's okay as their prices are a little higher than any of the cheese coops you can visit off the interstate.
5 Free samples of cheese, cheese spreads, and fudge! As good as it gets!   I love this place. We bought about $15 worth of cheese after being pampered and trying about 10 different types of cheese, 5 types of cheese spreads, and 2 types of fudge.   The store has tons of Wisconsin favorites, which I suppose is in part of attracting tourists to think that they are purchasing purely "Wisconsin" delicacies!
4 Drives into WI are not new to me, family trips during my childhood are some of my fondest memories. But my parents were never ones to make leisurely stops so whenever the chance comes up to stop somewhere cute or kitschy, I HAVE to stop.  And who doesn't love the cute little mouse sitting on a pyramid of cheese?  My husband and I stopped here on the way to MN a few years ago and I am always bugging him to stop here whenever we drive this way.  The MouseHouse offers some great WI items--cheese, beer, wine and cute gifts. I think the prices are reasonable as this most recent time I bought 2 blocks of Buffalo Cheddar, 2 bags of cheese curds, a small tub of bacon cheddar spread and 6 pack bottles of Spotted Cow for only $20plus.  Service is super friendly. They offered us some samples of cheese and offered to place some of my items on the counter for me so I could be hands free to shop some more. The place looks a little rundown, but as long as they keep offering quality products with a smile, we'll keep stopping to shop.   *For the stroller set* Just an FYI, at the time of this review, keep your diaper bag in the car, there is no changing table available in the bathroom.
5 Cheese, cheese and more cheese! Oh and wine, fudge and kitschy souvenirs, too. The anticipation of stopping here on the way back to Chicago from Hanock, WI made the three hour ride home more bearable.   The staff was super friendly and willing to let you sample almost anything. I tried some cheese spreads, fudge and fancy cheeses such as Mango Habanero. I regret not picking up more cheese!
3 Stopped in at the Mousehouse to check out the selection of cheese and candies.  I probably would have been much more impressed if this were my first cheese store but since I was just recently at Mars Cheese Castle, this was no comparison.  I found a couple of cheese spreads that were tasty but unfortunately like another reviewer posted, nothing really different that I can find in the grocery store.    They have a nice selection of cheese to choose from and it was fun to stop in and check it out but I would prefer to go to another.
5 SO happy we stopped here. Wisconsin cheese, wine & beer...perfect for dinner!!! We tried about 10 cheeses and fudge. ..they were all so good.The dark chocolate caramel salted fudge was delicious. Glad we stopped here and so will you. :)
5 Right off the freeway, next to a gas station. We couldn't visit Wisconsin without a trip We had low expectations since it looked cheesy (yes I said it) from the outside and we expected this place to be a regular liquor store. But it is truly a wonderful world of cheese, fudge,  great wine end beer selections. they have a table where you can sample any of their many cheese spreads. Here are some of the flavors: taco, smoked, port wine, bacon, pumpkin, cranberry, garlic, etc. So many choices, so little money unfortunately. Then there was the selection of blocks of every kind of cheese.  The staff was very knowledgable and helpful. You can sample pretty much everything besides the alcohol, of course. I love this place and would come back someday, if I want to make the 9 hr drive again. But I got a brochure so I can order online too.
5 I like that this place has a big selection of craft beers. They have a mix and match section which is $9.99 for a 6 pack. That is pretty standard pricing. The guy was very knowledgeable and gave me recommendations as to what I would like.   They have a huge cheeses, wine, fudge and specialty food items. You could sample whichever cheese you wanted, many of them unique. We know Wisconsin is full of cheese and boy did this place deliver. At check-out they had fudge pops which were also pretty tempting.
4 So...we stopped here on our way home from vacation. Because we definitely didn't buy enough cheese in the Dells...lmao.  There's lots of tasty cheese to choose from here. We bought a few bricks, but the one that stands out to me is the pizza cheese. It was super good! Try it out. It's a cute little shop, a good selection with some unique choices!  THe staff is really friendly too. They were happy to help us, and gave us some samples.
5 I love cheese! This place is like, I imagine, many others throughout Wisconsin. But since I went to this one and liked it, 5 stars.  We stopped here on a road trip and was happy to see it open before 10. Walking in we saw more than just a cheese house. They had specialty gifts, wine, beer and fudge amongst a haven of cheese.   The people who worked here were incredibly helpful and friendly. They were happy to give advice about what beer we would like and happily cut samples of cheese.   Although we only left with a 6 pack of Wisconsin only beer for $9.99, I was tempted to buy much much more. It is possible we will stop on our way back!
3 For a "cheesehaus" this place really doesn't have much cheese. I'd say about 70% of the store is "not cheese" meaning t-shirts, souvenirs, fudge, beer, wine, jellies and the like. My local grocer has a better selection and better prices (by far!).  That said, it's a touristy place and fun to stop at. The staff is really nice and happy to offer you samples of anything so you're sure you like it before you invest. Prices are pretty high.  You'll like this place a lot more if you're from out of state and don't have a ready source for delicious WI cheese and tasty New Glarus beer. If you live in WI, you'll find the same stuff at the grocery store for less money.
4 More than cheese, but cheese...  If you love cheese, you'll like this place.  Heck, even if you don't, there's still plenty of other stuff to look at (beef jerkey, beer/wine, fudge, etc.).  But really, it's abou the cheese.  I love me some fresh cheese curds, and I have yet to be let down here.  If you're weary, just ask someone if they're fresh.  They know, and they'll tell you.  The aged cheddar is pretty great if you're in the mood for that.  I will always grab a bag of mozzarella whips - the kids and I will take care of those before they hit the fridge.  My dad is a big fan of this place as well.  He'll get an order of brick or some other stinky cheese before heading south and they'll give it a couple extra dips in wax to help it travel better.
