4 Old school greasy spoon food and very nice service. It's a throwback to another time and a good one at that.
4 Excellent prices, wonderful basic food, and outstanding service.  The wait staff is very efficient and consistent, and I particularly enjoy the potatoes obrien.  Open only until 2pm, for breakfast and lunch.
5 Good food, good prices, good service. Simple little breakfast diner. Down to earth and delicious. If I lived here I would def b a regular!
5 Awesome breakfast!
4 This is definitely a throw-back to little town diners. The food is basic, but well made and cheap. Really cheap. Nothing over $8 on the menu and most things in the $5-6 range for breakfast which is served all day. I recently went here on a weekday morning that I had off work and the place was mostly filled with older guys sitting around in groups drinking their coffee discussing the weekend football games. You can tell this is the type of place that people visit every day to chat with neighbors and have the community feeling. Service is prompt and efficient. On weekends there can be a short wait, but never anything too bad.
5 what a great place...the owner is very friendly, food awesome, and good value:  we will def. return!
1 I want to give this dump a big fat 0.  My mother and I went this past weekend very hopeful that the food would be good based on the fact they won Best in Madison. How on earth did this place win any award for great food and service is beyond me.   The menu was extremely old, small and the coffee was pure water.   I order the walleye, hash browns, toast and eggs breakfast. My mother order biscuits and gravy  My toast was cold, hash browns had no tastes, over easy eggs were not cooked fully and fish was very small in size.  Mothers gravy was too salty and a thick bunch of sop.   The menu had no coordination. Biscuit,gravy and hash browns? That is nothing but starch!  With that aside, Not only that but the server was horrible. I felt like she ignored my mother and I the entire time. I understand they were kinda busy. Fine. We can be patient. However, she refilled coffees at her other tables and stopped by to tell the customers their food was being made after waiting for so long. We did not receive such treatment. She passed our table several times and never once asked us how was the food or why our orders were taking so long. Not once.  She was a horrible waitress.  Neither my mother or I could finish our food. I took possibly 4 bites and was done. We spent less time eating then we did waiting and ordering. Waitress continued to ignore us, so we got up and just walked over to pay.  I told the cashier the food was horrible and I wouldn't be back. She then stated to us that normally the food is good and she wasn't sure why it was taking the kitchen so long and were getting orders wrong.   But here is the killer... she then leans over and says " I hate our kitchen staff, we need new ones"  What kind of place does that? You do no throw your co workers under the bus TO CUSTOMERS! I was beyond flabbergasted.   Just a horrible business, not friendly and food is beyond pathetic.  Do not go here. I have no idea who in their right mind would vote them as "Best in Madison" or give it 5 stars unless you do not have taste buds.   If you want great food, coffee AND service, go to The Original Pancake House in Monona.
4 Came here a few times and always had really good food and friendly service! Thanks again!
4 I think I just fell in love.  I loooove breakfast.  Love it.  Sometimes, I get really overwhelmed by large, fancy menus.  So you can imagine, what a breath of fresh air, the Cottage Cafe was.    We walked in at 9 am.  Early, but not too early.  The place was packed.  Wow.  I walked up to the register and little did I know, but it is a seat yourself place.  There was no sign.  So we waited a few minutes for a table to open and sat down.  I am a simple person, I ordered the special of biscuits and gravy with two eggs.  The menu had quite a few other options.  My husband ordered the steak, two eggs and hash browns.  $8.  This is probably the most expensive item on their menu.  My gravy was perfect.  It was thick without being sludgy.  It had the right amount of seasoning.  I received my breakfast on two plates because the biscuits and gravy were overwhelming a single plate.   I ordered scrambled eggs.  They were bland and flat.  I spied my neighbors omelette which looked much more appetizing.   Our whole bill (for two people) was $16 and some change.  Bottomless coffee and breakfast.  Wow.    Oh, parking is tough.  There is only one shared lot.
4 I'm a big fan of having breakfast here, so this is a breakfast review.  I enjoy the steak and eggs/ hash brown breakfast. Each time I've ordered this, the steak it a great breakfast sized sirloin perfectly cooked.  Nothing is every very fancy or trendy at the cottage café, it is just straight up down home traditional breakfast cooking.  Coffee, Eggs, biscuits, hash, sausage, bacon, pancakes, toast. The essentials. Who needs anything else when your hungry and want someone else to cook for you on a Sunday morning, right?  Plenty of seating, but a word of warning.....I'm not the only person who loves this café. It fills up very quickly on the weekends and you may be waiting for a seat.   Service is very good every time. Bottomless Coffee just keeps on coming! I love that.   The pricing is the best part! Nothing like getting a great plate of food for a more than willing to pay price. I believe my go to Steak/eggs/hash browns/toast is around $7.99. Ya! Amazing right!  Between my wife and me, I have not seen our breakfast bill over $17 bucks yet...including each ordering coffee.   So Like I said....Nothing fancy, just great traditional breakfast food at great prices.
5 I love breakfast, and at Cottage Cafe, they really get it right.  The food is the biggest hit with lots of basic American breakfast fare options.  Expect to leave stuffed as the portion sizes are pretty big.  The coffee service is awesome and the whole staff is quite friendly and efficient.  You get all of this at a super reasonable price.
5 Incredible service and amazing food! Eggs Benedict meal was one of the best ones I have had in a long time! Prices are very, very great - fairly inexpensive!
