3 I normally do not like to review fast food establishments, because they are normally large chains that have about the same stuff all over. Fazoli's is a little different. First it is Italian and not the normal burger or chicken place. The food is good, not a great Italian meal that you would find in Italy, but good and filling. It is served hot and fresh. The breadsticks are above average and you get as many as you want.   If you want fast food, but not the normal, give Fazoli's a try.
1 If you want "Italian food" that has the look and feel of a Stouffer's t.v. dinner, Fazoli's gets it right.  Actually, I take that back.  If you are heating up a t.v. dinner, at least you are guaranteed it will be warm.
1 Very frustrating experience.  Our order was very simple but the cashier couldn't get it right.  While waiting for our food I watched the beleaguered manager apologizing to every table.  Every customer had a problem with their food or order.  We waited twenty minutes for our food and decided to leave.   I have never experienced more incompetence.  Never again.....
3 Food is okay for a fast food Italian restaurant. They bring you our food and they clean it too; it's like they are trying to convert to an actual restaurant with waiters and bus boys. The unlimited breadsticks are for dine-ins only. Have only had one bad service where they took a while for my one meal but they did handle it well by apologizing and giving me a coupon for a free meal next time.
5 Awesome service and the food is great! The alfredo is a bit lighter than Olive Garden which I personally like and the breadsticks are to DIE FOR. Also if you save your receipt there is a website to fill in a survey and you get a free spaghetti/sauce entree (regular sized which is good sized) for the price of a drink (turns out to be less than $2)! This is a great deal because even if you do this they give you another receipt and you can keep getting the deal. Also if you go before 3 they have a good lunch special which is 2 1/2 portions of pasta/lasagna and a drink for $5! Great fast restaurant and the manager is phenomenal!
5 I bought a spaghetti dinner and it was really good food. Hot, tasted good, and decent sized serving for the price. I liked that I got my food quickly and the staff was friendly. There is a drive-thru.
