5 Built out of an old Country Kitchen, this friendly neighborhood bar and grill has lots of room.  Great food at a reasonable price too I might add.  If you are a sports fan, this is a great bar...several TV sets with your favorite games.  If it's your birthday, you'll get to drink free tap beer all night long too.  The employees are very friendly and attentive.  Visti the website: http://www.silvereaglebar.net/
4 A girlfriend that lives in the area brought us here for a very early Sunday funday and breakfast.   They have a GREAT Bloody Mary bar (lots of options) and cheap food. Perfect for a hangover. :)
4 Perfectly nice place with good food (burgers are charbroiled) and very attentive staff. Lots of windows for looking out at part of the Aldo Leopold/wooded area across the way.
1 last time I went here the bartender was more worried about giving his friends shots, eating his food and drinking coffee than to take my order.  when he finally realized me standing there with my money in my hand five minutes later he acted as if i inconvienced him.  Gave him a two dollar tip on a drink, went back up to bar the second time he didn't notice me again, and i got his attention by saying "hey man i just need an empty glass" then he walk past me and the empty glasses across from me takes a dudes order who just walked up and grabs a glass after helping him so he oviously heard me.
5 I eat there every other week if not more often.  Service has been great and one of the best club sandwichs in town.  A lot of tv's to watch the games.  Friends like the burgers, but I always stick with the club.  Surprising a decent beer selection as well.
3 Ok place
3 The food is ok...but the service is just bad. Either you get a woman squeezed into a junior high schooler's shirt who would rather be somewhere else OR you get a super hyper guy who thinks asking 40 questions about how your day is going is deemed good service....how about just not disappearing for 25 minutes when I need a refill?
5 Love the food, staff, and atmosphere for games! Salmon salad is great, along with their wings. Recommend this place for a laid back and hometown experience.
4 Decent place, friendly bartenders. Lots of options for tap beers and amazing cider beer on tap. Yum! Bloody Mary's were great too and can't wait to get back for the Bloody Mary bar. Overall, good place and well be back. Younger crowd. Close to home. :)
3 Sunday breakfast: website says the bar opens at 8am.  Actually opens at 9am on Sunday. The service is terrible. But the bloody bar is fun and they have really good burgers.
4 Found this little gem from a co-worker we were sending off. I have to say that this place is awesome for watching a game of any kind. TV's galore! This is a quaint little place right on Monona Drive and frankly there isn't really anything bad to say about it. The drinks are well priced, the food is pretty dang good, and the staff is friendly and attentive.   Two small qualms, the door leading to their outdoor smoking/patio area is obnoxious. We were trying to watch a basketball game and it seemed like every 5 minutes that dang door was slamming like a jet fighter flying by over the speed of sound. AND I was told the Boom Boom sauce was hotter than tobasco sauce NOT EVEN close haha but that is really nothing to scour at. Once again, a nice little place to enjoy a good meal, couple beers, and whatever game is on.
