3 Another east-side dive bar... not great, but not bad either.
5 I never went into the old Tip Top (because I was far too terrified) but there is no way it held a candle to the current Tip Top.   Basically, the place looks fantastic from ceiling to floor. It now makes sense why the remodel took so long and it was clearly worth the wait. It's exactly what you'd want a neighborhood bar to be. Small but not too small, inviting atmosphere, comfortable lighting, and no over the top decorating.   I had a beer and a very good whisky sour. Looking forward to heading back soon.
5 Dropped-by for a quick drink on 1/30/14 at around 8:30pm.  + Super cool dive bar that isn't really a dive bar + Very cozy inside, but in a really good way - feels "homey" and comfy + Awesome decor - the fixtures, the wood walls, the tin ceiling, the tables/chairs + Attention to detail like none other; little things make the whole (and they make it great) + Even the bathrooms are excellent  + It's like the tap list was made just for me + Two nitro brews on tap, IPAs, Karben4, Upland - a really great mix + Super reasonable prices - $4 for excellent pints? Here's a $20; pry me off the floor when I'm done  + Waitstaff was very responsive, very prompt, and super friendly  - So noisy; sound really carries in the place + It's a bar - it's supposed to be noisy, so deal with it, old man Steve   Grabbed a small table near the back/side wall. Ben, the owner, introduced himself and was so welcoming, gracious, and sincere. He's done an amazing job with this place and I'm confident it's going to be a smashing success. I love that it's just a few blocks from my house, because I know I'm going to be here often. Can't wait to try the food - the menu sounds and looks like a perfect match to the neighborhood, while honoring the spirit of the joint.  Would I go here with a date or someone that I wanted to have a good, solid conversation with? Probably not - it's just a little too noisy for that. But for any and every other occasion? Absofreakinglutely. Very, very cool place.
4 Man, Madison is getting so many great new places that it is hard for me to keep track!   The Tip Top Tavern is one of those spots I always drove by and thought "Man, what a dive. I bet It's great", but never got around to visiting. So, when I found out they had opened back up with a new owner, a food menu, and a new look I decided I had better get over there.   Seriously, folks - what a great little place.   After a bit of a rough start where-in I ordered a beer that I couldn't even look at because it was so awful  (the Dogfish Head T'weason Ale - what a disaster of a beer. They were super cool and replaced it with their house old-fashioned, which was one of the best takes on the cocktail I have ever had) the meal went really smooth - especially considering how crazy busy it was.  Between the three of us we ordered 2 burgers, cheese curds, and the fish fry special. The burger was delicious, moist, and cooked extremely well. The coleslaw was tasty, but had way too much vinegar. The fries were crispy and free of excess oil which was nice. Apparently the fish was delicious as well. Finally - the curds. Oh man, the curds! They were seriously (tip) top-notch. Lightly breaded, crispy, and gooey with some nice tasting ranch on the side. These are the closest to perfection I have ever had. Hopefully it wasn't a fluke!  Beyond the food and drink, it really was a nice space. The lighting was great, the decorations were were fun, and it just felt like a cozy place that I would love to hang out at on a Wednesday night to grab a burger and a beer.  I feel like all I have done lately is write about how awesome the spots I go to are, but hopefully that says more about how great Madison is than it does about my (potentially) overly-optimistic ratings.
4 The place has gotten quite a dramatic face-lift. It looks great. I love everything they've done with the place.  I tried the Tip Top Burger and the chili. The burger was fine, but not spectacular. The chili was really freaking delicious, though. I would highly recommend grabbing a bowl.   The space is pretty small, but there is actually a lot of seating. It does get pretty loud though. The staff members were all very nice and did a great job. The bitchy people  next to us were treated a lot nicer than they deserved. A waiter mixed up an order and was very apologetic and quickly resolved the issue.  Overall, I'm happy that the place is finally open. A welcome addition to the neighborhood.
5 I love that the best of this classic Wisconsin tavern was preserved whilst providing a much-needed facelift. It's a great addition to the neighborhood.  We were there the week it opened and I enjoyed a few creative cocktails. My husband, a beer aficionado, loved the beer list, which includes 2 nitro taps.  We were there again last night with friends for the fish fry. When I read the menu, I was intrigued by the Rooster sandwich, which is essentially a BLT + fried egg. I'm so glad I tried this instead of the fish because it was really good. It's such a large sandwich, though, it is probably better to split with a friend. I can't believe I'm going to write this, but there may have been TOO much bacon (although I managed to eat the entire thing)! If you love bacon, this is the sandwich for you!  My husband had the fish, which was a nice piece of walleye and perfectly fried. He doesn't normally like cole slaw but specifically noted how much he liked the slaw. He also liked the tartar sauce, and said it was enhanced with dill.  We live less than 2 miles from Tip Top, so we look forward to spending more time there, especially when we can bike there during warmer months!
4 I could say "This is a tip top spot!" but that would be CHEESY and my New Year's resolution 23 years ago was to avoid such things.  ANYways. I definitely liked the ambiance of this space a lot. A charming neighborhood bar with horizontal narrow wood paneling, lower lighting, tiled floor, tin ceiling, and a very pretty border/trim around the ceiling. Being a small-ish space with lower ceilings and hard floors, it does get a bit noisy when the place fills up so best to beat the rush if you're sensitive to that sort of thing. Also, it's another CASH ONLY spot so be sure to stock up or else they have an ATM on site.  My co-workers and I headed here for drinks one Friday. The place seemed to have a "must order food" policy in order to be seated at the tables so 15 of us frustratingly spent a bit of time crowded at the entrance, downing beers, trying to decide if we should move on. Fortunately, I think the staff finally figured out that two beers basically equals the cost of a sandwich (so what's the difference) and we got a nice row of tables.  Whew!  The place was definitely running a wait by 6:30pm so, again, head out early/late!  The Mister and I headed here at 6pm on a Saturday and were able to snag the last open table in the place. The beer list is good and reasonably priced ($4).  The menu offers burgers, apps, and sandwiches and sports several vegetarian options. Mr. had the special (Walleye sandwich) which he enjoyed while I had the Seitan Philly ($8.95), also tasty. We started with the cheese curds ($5.95) which were yummy. I'd previously had the kettle chips/dip, which were just that, chips/dip, nothing fancy and the fried pickles which weren't my favorite...   All in all I really liked the ambiance (but I'd go early so I can hear better) and appreciate the reasonably priced & yummy options for both vegetarians and carnivores.  I hope they are able to work out the kinks along the way (i.e., must order food to get a seat policy) but overall think this is a very nice addition to the neighborhood.
4 Small but high-quality menu selections with locally sourced foods. Good value for what you get.  Great selection of microbrew beers. Our waiter was very attentive and a nice guy.   TheTip Top Tavern has opened again after a major remodel. It was well worth the wait. It is now cozy, cute, and tiny.   Great for those who prefer unique destinations over corporate chains.
4 Went here for the first time last night.   Cozy is the first word that comes to mind.  The food we tried was a mixed bag.  Sweet potato fries were waffle-style, and not very sweet potato-ey.  The fried pickles had a nice spicy kick, and the Green Chili Mac & Cheese hit the spot.  Savory, creamy and spicy.  About a dozen great beers on tap, and nicely-priced and delicious cocktails.  But I think I'd still rather just go to Mickey's!
5 I love the Tip Top.  I have eaten here half a dozen times and everything has been delicious and reasonable.  The drinks and the wine selection are great for a bar of it's size and the owner is fantastic!  I especially recommend the pastrami reuben.
4 Stopped by for a late meal on a Thursday night and the place was quite lively, but there were still a few tables open.  The servers all seemed to be having a good time and took excellent care of us, checking in just enough but not too much.    The menu is small, but has something for everyone.  We tried the carnitas - flavorful and tender - and a burger - expertly seasoned and juicy.  Both were slightly overcooked: the burger arrived more medium rare than the requested rare, and on the carnitas the yolk of one fried egg was deliciously soft, while the other was just a bit too set.  However the high quality ingredients and delightful flavors evened out any imperfections.  The drink menu was well rounded and we enjoyed both the beer and cocktails.    The small touches in design elevate the interior from the ordinary in an entirely pleasing way.  Tip Top is a great addition to the neighborhood and I look forward to enjoying it again soon.
4 I never set foot in the old Tip Top so couldn't attest to the transformation which I hear is remarkable.  What I can say is this is my favorite all-around bar. Justin is a good down to earth guy. Even when it's busy he takes time to talk and makes custom drinks. I can definitely say Tip Top has the best mixed drinks in town. Add the tasteful decor and the decent pub food and this is one of the best neighborhood/dive bars in Madison.
5 I came in yesterday with a pretty big group of ten plus we sat on the patio which was very nice. The waitress was very polite and was checking on us pretty consistently :).  This was the first time I had been there since it was redone and I really liked how it looked.  My friend and I tried the Chipotle Chicken and Wild Rice soup it was so delicious even on that very hot day so kudos to that!  I also tried one of the fried pickles with the sauce it came with it was also very good! Had a good time here.
5 Love!   We will be back, and back often.  As our summer Saturday dining trek continues this is the epitome of what we want.  A local joint, that just makes you comfortable and glad to be out.  Arrived about 6:30 on a Saturday, and found our way to the new back patio.  A couple of larger groups, but plenty of choice of seating.  Found our table, and service was immediate-friendly, attentive, and just exceptional.  KR had barely ordered and couldn't stop gushing about her love of this place.   We started with the fried pickles, based on previous reviews, and they were perfectly done. KR had the Rooster sandwich and enjoyed it so much, she only offered me a tiny bite, As I'm unable to order the same, I was forced to the Tip Top burger, and was not disappointed.  Perfectly done, and flavor throughout. After another beverage, and just enjoying the evening, we got our check and headed out. Thanks to other reviews, we knew CASH only, but there is an ATm, so heads up!  Perfect, exactly what we wanted, and this sets the bar for us for the balance of our summer Saturday dining trek.
5 We've been coming here since January 2014 and have never been disappointed. I usually order the catfish po' boy, but alas it has been taken off the menu. No worries, it turns out that a new addition, the Tuna So Gouda, is also a winner. Not too mayonnaise-y, the flavors are capers, dijon mustard and basil. Served on rye, it's a big win.  The beer list isn't huge but it's got all the best of the bunch and changes often. The noise level can be challenging, given the small size of the place and the fact that it's usually packed.   Love the interior, very art deco-ish in blues, greens and golds, warm and inviting. The service is friendly, attentive and prompt. The fried pickles are a must-have appetizer, they're slices rather than spears, and the batter is a light tempura style. They're served with the Tip Top sauce, a spicy sriracha aeoli. Delish. Had me wishing for another round :-)  They were surprisingly not busy last night probably due to the extensive road work currently happening right in front and all around the building. Now would be a great time to check them out if you haven't, it will be quieter and no waiting.
5 Time for an update, as it's been 6 months since my initial review, and I've revisited at least 15 times since then.  + The atmosphere can't be beat. Love the space. - Still quite noisy; certain voices (and annoying laughs) seem to really carry here  + The staff is excellent; honest, helpful, friendly, courteous - truly professional  + Beer list remains nearly identical to what it was 6 months ago, and that's OK by me + Several taps on nitrogen - yummmmmmm  + Now has outdoor patio behind the bar  + The food is superb + Fried pickles - get them. (oh, and you're welcome) + Sandwiches - all are outstanding + Fish fry is very, very solid  + Onsite ATM with reasonable service fee - Cash only  Remains one of my very favorite places to visit.
5 Finally go to the Tip Top last night for dinner and had a great experience.  Great job with the remodel, and the outdoor patio is very nice as they put up a high enough fence to block the street and make it private, but it is lareg enough to be fun.   Excellent liquor and beer selections at reasonable prices.  Food was way better than expected - huge portions, excellent quality, and nicely different than the usual Madtown fare.    We had fried pickles which were done with tempura batter so they were not heavy and the slight sweetness of the batter nicely offset the brininess of the pickles.  Huge basket with a great home made dipping sauce ( a remoulade) as well.   Then, thank God cause it is also big, we split a plate of two pepper mac 'n cheese, which was cooked perfectly and the jalapenos were offset perfectly by the poblanos for a flavorful balance.    Twelve taps, good cocktails, great service and a friendly atmosphere.  Hope you do well Tip Top!
