1 We are adding onto our kitchen and went here to get cabinets and countertops to match our current cabinets.   We worked with a lady (Penni maybe?) for about an hour and she said she would draw up a quote and get back to us that evening. After we didn't hear from her in a week we gave her a call and were put on hold, she said she didn't get to it because she was working on some 'really big' projects (ours wasn't big enough to pay attention to apparently).  When she finally got back on the line she changed her story and said that our information was now lost but she would find it and call us right back. That was two weeks ago and we haven't heard from her since. Unfortunately they were the only dealer in Madison who carried the cabinets we have and we will now have to go out of town to get our cabinets/countertops
3 We were contacted by Marling and decided to give them another chance. We worked with a different person (Maria) and everything has gone smoothly so far. We are currently awaiting our new kitchen cabinets/countertop
1 I went to the Marling location on Stoughton road to order some kitchen parts for my small renovation project. I came prepared, bringing an extra cabinet door I had lying around as well as several photos of the crown molding to aid in identification of model numbers. Julie was the consultant who helped me. We examined the pictures and cabinet door at length, cross-referencing them against the Merillat parts catalog, until we both agreed that we had a positive match. I should mention that Julie took notes furiously throughout the process, carefully noting the product number for each item (or so I thought). Since a phone call to Merillat HQ was required to price out the order and the don't do business on weekends, she promised a follow-up call on Monday with final price information.  I got said call on Monday with final pricing. All that was left was for me to sign a contract (Julie's language, not mine) and put 50% down. I looked over the contract and verified that it contained line items for crown molding, a tall kitchen cabinet, and a spare cabinet door. I then signed and returned with a 50% down payment.  Two weeks later, as promised, I got a call that my order was ready for pickup. Upon unboxing the crown molding, I was shocked to see something that looked nothing like the molding Julie and I identified together. I immediately called Marling. Julie was apologetic but quite firm in that Marling doesn't take responsibility for ordering errors, no matter who makes them. After all, she said matter of factly, I did "sign the contract." Legally speaking, she's right of course.Ethically speaking, her logic is ridiculous. I'm now stuck with $150 worth of crown molding I can't use because Marling screwed up the order. What a customer service disaster. Avoid this place like the plague.
