4 Wedding weekend: manis/pedis, chair massage, brows. Ya know.  Serenity Salon on Madison's northeast side knows them all and does them well. Darcy's staff truly knows how to pamper and pulled out all the stops with our bridal party. The "Spa Day" package included 3 treatments for $45(!) plus time and space to chill out in the warm, beautiful space. As a non-Spa type of girl and habitual nail-biter, my fingernails have never looked so stunning or my shoulders and back more relaxed.  We loved them so much that we came back bright and early Saturday morning for our bridesmaid up-dos. Though my 'do required more than a few bobby pins, it stayed in place as we danced long into the evening.
5 It took a little to convince me to start using a salon for my hair, but based on my experience with Serenity Salon & Day Spa for over five years, I haven't looked back.  The owner is incredibly dedicated to making sure her staff is professional, her services are high quality, and her customer's are satisfied.  I work with a lot of small businesses, and this place does it right.  I have recommended this salon to many family and friends, and now my mom even drives over from the west side of Madison she is so pleased.  Finally, the costs are very reasonable in comparison to similar quality salons, and in fact, I think you get more for your money here.
5 I have been coming to Serenity Salon and Day Spa since Darcy opened in 2002.  Darcy is my stylist but I have seen Andrea and Casey as well and they are just as great.   The service has always been exceptional and very professional.  I have experienced most services there and have never been disappointed.  The atmosphere is so calming and friendly.  I recommend Serenity Salon to everyone I know. In fact even my Mom and daughters go there. The owner Darcy takes pride in her business and her attention to detail helps to make the experience fantastic!  You won't be disappointed!
1 I recently went to Serenity for a mani/pedi. My manicure was done first and the technician did a pretty good job, however she didn't clip my cuticles and the quality of work was not great for the money. Next came the pedicure which was a complete nightmare. I really liked the tech, but it was very clear he had never done a pedicure in his life. The polish was the most sloppy I'd ever seen. Thick and slimy, brush strokes everywhere due to it partially drying and him applying over and over. After that he spent at least 15 minutes trying to clean up the mess by using tons of cotton and acetone. My nails were left incredibly sloppy: polish on the nails was a mess, polish all over my toes, cotton stuck everywhere. Worse, the acetone caused more polish to run onto my toes. I had to go straight to a wedding afterwards, but I removed the polish when I got home that night. What's worse? The shaping of my nails was bizarre. Three of my toe nails were shaped like smiley faces, clipped all the way to my toe in the center of the nail and high on the edges. I was able to even them out slightly, but it will take them at least a month to grow back to a normal length. I was very disappointed with the quality especially at an Aveda salon.
3 The manager was quick to offer me a refund or spa services for my poor experience. I appreciated her quick contact and resolution.
