3 Grade: C  Loud. Cheap. Okay overall.
2 They have an acoustics problem here.  It's horribly loud in there, and everything feels rushed and crushed together.  I had some vegetarian sandwich, it was mediocre and gave me heartburn supreme.  Blah.    Also there was an article on MSNBC that revealed that Panera uses additives in their bakery items that cause hyper activity in young children.    So if you are looking for a place that's crowded, loud, has mediocre food and pocked with spastic, hyper active children who will gnaw on your leg, go here.
3 Good food but odd that they lost my lunch order. Thanks to those manning the counter who realized I was waiting and filled the order on the spot.
1 saw a fly dancing on my sandwich when waiting for my order, they don't bother to pay attention anyway since there are quite a lot customers , awful awful place even though i have very good experience with other panera bread
4 This Panera would have gotten 5 stars a few years ago when I practically lived there the month I was finishing up my grad school portfolio. But those lovely leather armchairs that I so loved so sit with a drink and a pastry are now gone. Lounging around all day is no longer encouraged, it would seem.  That being said, this Panera is still a pretty great one. Quick service, friendly faces, always clean. You really can't go wrong with soup in a bread bowl.
5 Love the sour dough bread...they make great grilled cheese. The bagels aren't too bad......they will make due until the next time you get to New York. My favorite bagel is a fresh asiago cheese with tons of cream cheese. Yum!  The broccoli cheese soup is also very tasty.  I love that they have cage free eggs and antibac free chicken. I appreciate that they are starting to care more about the products they are serving. The only question I have is this...are the chickens free range?   This Panera is rather loud and always busy.
4 Good food
4 I called to order my lunch, the lady put me on 'hold' or mute for 5 minutes... she was kinda sassy but besides that the people there are really nice and the food is excellent. Not too loud or busy after 1 ish
4 I came here with my girlfriend for breakfast, I had a bagel with cream cheese and she had a breakfast sandwich and we both got coffee drinks. The food was made  quickly but we had to wait almost ten minutes for our drinks to be made  but the staff was friendly and the food was really good
4 Come to this location Monday thru Friday between 9am and 11am and it's dead, my favorite time to go.
