1 I stopped to get my haircut here on a friday afternoon.  I didn't know where to go since I just moved to town, and I thought, hmm, there name is "Great Clips" so if they live upto half of that I'll be okay.  My hair isn't hard to cut, just your standard mens cut, and this place couldn't even meet my minimum standards.  It was small, dirty (there was still hair from the guy before me at the station they sat me at) and absolutely no customer service.  The girl who greeted me didn't even finish her sentence welcoming me to Great Clips.  "Hey, welcome to Grea...trailingoff mumblemumble..."  then somehow my simple haircut got turned into a military buzz cut.  all this for 14$ plus tip.  I felt like I spent 10 minutes alone in a clost with a ass therapist minus the "the"
2 I needed a quick haircut, so was pretty much forced to go here. Yikes.   The woman who cut my hair had freakishly long fingernails and barely spoke a word during my entire haircut. And this lady was ROUGH. I've never had someone (outside the bedroom) pull my hair that hard! She even combed forcefully! She also used a weird technique where she leaned over me from behind and quickly snipped my hair all over, which was quite awkward.  Several other people were there getting haircuts and none of the stylists were even attempting conversation. These employees need to brush up on their customer service.  My haircut looks shockingly decent, given what I went through. I would not recommend going here. The price isn't even right, at $15. Go elsewhere. For a cheap, nice haircut, I'd recommend Nogginz on State Street.
1 Very disappointed--I have been receiving my haircuts from this establishment off and on for a couple of years.  When I came in today I requested a certain stylist. The manager told me it would be a 20 minute wait (in my opinion she was rude and unfriendly).  I sat in the waiting area watching people come and go for about 40 minutes.  Finally, I walked around the corner so I could see what the stylist I requested was doing.  I realized that she was cutting a person's hair that walked in about 35 minutes after I arrived.  The reason that I am upset is because the manager could see that I had been sitting and waiting for 40 minutes or so. Nobody even bothered to ask me if I was waiting for my appointment. I walked out and they definitely knew I was upset.  I gave them my phone number so we will see if they call and attempt to rectify their poor customer service.
