4 Grade: B  Fantastic fish fry. I need to go there for the Italian food. Oh yeah, the transvestites sitting at the next table was a new one. Your Adam's Apples compliment your dresses. Hey creepy...
3 Angelo's white pizza is somewhat of a family tradition for me.  I can't say for certain when my clan first trucked out to Monona, but it started a trend that has kept up through the years.  In reality Angelos is a perfectly serviceable Italian-style family restaurant that does pizza and pasta amongst other things, but I couldn't tell you about anything other than the white pizza.  Over the last decade plus I can't remember a single time when I didn't order the same thing.  Normally this would be boring and I'd feel disappointed in myself for such unimaginative thinking, but in the case of Angelo's my nostalgia trumps all.  And it isn't exactly like I'm here every week - I don't make it out to Monona all that often, and I'm lucky if I grace Angelo's with my presence two times in one year.  But when I do, I'm in white pizza heaven.  It's not the be-all, end-all when it comes to pizza, but there's something to the combination of sausage, artichoke hearts, olives and alfredo sauce that is simply amazing.  It's close to my favorite singular meal in the Madison area, and when I think about it I'm tempted to slap down five stars for the pizza alone.    I made my latest trip to Angelo's a week or so back, and it marked the first time I'd been since they went smoke-free.  It's a definite improvement, to be sure.  I was, however, saddened to see that the dining room had been renovated.  It looks perfectly nice, if a bit generic, but before it had real atmosphere.  The walls had been lined with bottles of chianti, the fiaschi (the bottles with straw baskets - I looked that up) decorated by past diners over the years.  It was tradition to order a bottle of chianti and document the occasion with a message or a sketch.  I was told by the waitress that the bottles had deteriorated beyond repair and had to be taken down.  I'd always hoped that one of those bottles had my writing on it.  As much as I love Angelo's, my last trip was just a bit disappointing in terms of service.  The white pizza was excellent as always, but we were left without drink refills for a bit too long.  Maybe it was because it was at the tail end of the night, but the waitstaff came off a bit brisk and the overall vibe wasn't as enjoyable as before.  But maybe that's just me, maybe it was the newness of the dining room that made the night stick out.  Still, Angelo's without the nostalgia remains a pretty decent place, and the first bite of white pizza reminds me of why I'll always keep coming back.
5 The portabella ravioli is sooo delicious.  My friends had lasagna and primavera and they raved about them as well.  Really great place for italian.
4 The fish fry was excellent. Additional seating downstairs in the Grotto.
5 Great little place!  Service is friendly, food is great.  The pizza here, while not the same as Chicago, is probably the best in Madison.  We just had our 4 year old's birthday party here, wanting to support a local place with decent food rather than a Chuck E. Cheese. We were astounded at what a nice job they did for our daughter. They were so accommodating with everything, even assigning a member of the staff to our small party. The kids had a wonderful time. Absolutely thrilled.
4 Service was really good; we had a fourth person join late and our waitress rushed out his order fast enough to still eat with us. The small salad came quick.  The sampler platter of bread was hot and fresh. The lasagna was excellent, and came with different bread than the sampler platter. All in all, nothing to complain about, and was very delicious.
2 I was really looking forward to this place after reading the other reviews. It wasn't bad, I would say 2.5 stars. I want food to be as good as what I cook or better and their  food was not even on par with my own cooking. It's like Olive Garden, fills the void but not memorable. There were four of us and no one was very excited about their meal.  The worst was when I took my son to the bathroom. It's down stairs but you could smell urine at the top of the steps. I was done with my meal after that. Sorry, there are many other places in the area to try. We won't be going back.
1 Totally not what I expected. Watery bland sauce...
2 This is a review on their catering service.   Angelo's catered an event we went to and we were looking forward to a really good meal.  It wasn't Italian food so maybe this was part of the problem but the food was a big disappointment for what we had to pay and there was very little help with the service.  A few of the items were pretty good in flavor but overall it was a lackluster  meal.
3 The chicken ranch pizza was very good with a Flavorful white sauce. The crust was okay but not amazing. The sauce on the meat lovers was bland but they are very generous with the  toppings.  Also appreciated that the cheese blend contained cheddar.
4 Lot's of great offerings.   White pizza is great. Red sauce is good - not great. I love the sausage, making a simple sausage pizza magnificent.  Pasta Louie (cajun alfredo) is great. Nice and spicy.  Spaghetti pie is great. It has green peppers, so beware if you don't care for them. Otherwise, great.  Fish Fry is first rate. Usually several choices - blue gill, cod, perch, etc.  Thursday night the ribs are awesome. Falling off the bone tasty. Go early, because when they sell out, they are done.  Good prices. Not the lowest in town, but fair.  People always really nice.  Local restaurant. not a bland chain.  Down side to Angelos:  If it's busy, they can be slow. Staff is nice, but sometimes they are just overwhelmed.   Old facility - including stinky old bathrooms.   Not a lot of seating, so if you come at the wrong time, you might have to wait.
1 If you want to go and get harassed by the regular that goes there everyday,  this is it! Not, only, that but having the bartender support  him, telling you to get the "f" out of hid seat! Patti( the bartender)  continued to serve the man alcohol even after he appeared to have had a few before coming out! I tried calling the owner who i never ended up hearing from. I will let everyone know about my horrible experience I had, considering I live in monona!
3 I've been here a couple times now, and it's a pretty decent place. The food is delicious for the most part but some dishes can be on the greasy side. It's not too expensive, about the average price for dinner in town. The bartenders are very friendly! One problem is they don't take reservations at all, so if you end up going on a busy night you end up having to wait a good while.
5 My family has been going to Angelo's for as long as I can remember. They have the best pizza I have ever tasted and the wait staff knows our family and is always super kind as well as attentive. (Apparently?) they don't take reservations, so there may be a bit of a wait, but it is SO TOTALLY WORTH IT and if you're in a rush I'm sure you can call ahead so they put your name on the list if you're planning on going on a weekend night. I have never found a pizza to match theirs and have been all over the world. Their speghetti is AMAZING and I have a soft spot for their garlic bread and breadsticks. I'm a huge fan of their house salad with sun-dried tomato dressing. My family always gets the Vegetarian special, with no onions, no artichokes, add sausage. The angelo's special is pretty good too. They don't make their stuffed (deepizza anymore, which
4 We moved to Monona in 2012 and after trying a few of the local pizza places that came recommended, this has become one of our favorites in Madison.  It's not as good as Ian's, but it's damned good, solid pizza.  Angelo's is owned by the same family that owns Fraboni's, so expect the same kind of flavors.  Kitchy place, nice service, avoid Friday nights and Packer games, you'll never get a seat.
4 Very good food. Sat at bar--it was a busy Saturday night and I was alone, traveling on business.  Had a great atmosphere--cozy and like a neighborhood favorite. Mostaccioli was fantastic
5 Pizza very good, mike the bartender was awesome. Keep up great work.
1 What happened Tuesday night! They weren't even busy. The bartender (Mike) ignored our empty beer glasses twice even though we held them up to get his attention, there was no hostess to seat my husband and myself. The bus boy seated us and then no one came to our table until we had to ask a waitress where our waitress was. The special was gone so the waitress gave us a free appetizer for our long wait. The food was alright. Then waiting forever for our check we were given a check that was not ours. There was no waitress around so we left cash for the check we were given. I don't think we'll be going back.
