4 Website updated on the hour.  Clean.  Friendly and knowledgeable staff.  Odd location.
5 Keep up all the good work at the Humane Society.
3 As much as I love the idea of saving a poor helpless animal from being put to death this place could use some work if they intend to adopt animals out! First and foremost the customer service here is terrible. My parents have visited the shelter on more than one occasion to view the dogs ready for adoption and have yet to be greeted with a friendly helping hand. If they had they would have a dog right now. Its hard to enquire about a dog when no one or information is available regarding the dog. In addition I believe adoption fees ranging from $175.00 to $350.00 are a bit much especially considering the funding the Dane County Humane Society receives.  Perhaps they should consider arranging discounted fees with vet services they use.  I understand it does cost a great deal of money to home an animal which should be taken into consideration by the adoptee however you shouldnt have to spend hundreds to get a dog. I mean considering they put thousands of dogs to sleep each year!!! Nonetheless if you can rescue a animal from here...There is no greater gift than the gift of life!
5 We adopted our dog from DCHS a few months ago, and couldn't be happier with our experience there. It was after about 5 visits that we met her, and instantly fell in love with her. During each of those visits we had great experiences with the staff there - they were all very friendly, patient and helpful. We witnessed others receiving the same level of service. They seem really interested in pairing the dogs up with the right people.   Betsy M.: perhaps your parents should revisit this shelter. Help is readily available, and there is a wealth of information about each dog attached to their kennel, and you can get their whole health folder upon request.   Additionally, the adoption fees are almost always $175, though they are $250 for a puppy or $275-350 for a "highly desirable" breed (which I think they rarely label dogs as that - all of the dogs we encountered, including purebreds, were the standard $175). Considering that all of their dogs are spayed/neutered, microchipped, updated on most vaccinations, and given vet exams, I don't think that their rates are unreasonable. In fact, they were lower than two other local shelters not related to the Humane Society.  I have often heard how they do put so many dogs to sleep here, and it does upset me a great deal. However, rather than avoid them for that, I think it's all the more reason why we should adopt our dogs and really be able to rescue them. Avoiding a shelter because of that will not help the animals. PLEASE consider adopting before you look to a pet store or a breeder!
5 A few months back we adopted a second dog from DCHS and were once again thrilled with the level of service we received. It was a several hour process because my bf went to meet the dog first, and then after he fell in love with him, I came along with our other dog to meet him. We had adopted our first dog from DCHS a little over a year prior to this and absolutely love her (and yes, spoil her).   We thought the staff handled the introduction of the dogs flawlessly. They let each dog sniff out the room alone, and then had my bf and I watch through windows as they introduced the dogs. They kept the atmosphere positive and free from distractions, while slowly giving them more and more space to interact. The dogs were buddies from the start and have continued to be best friends.   Once again, we were thrilled with the staff and the whole process. Also like the resale shop set up in the hall, very cool!   Remember to support animal shelters and rescues! Buying an animal from a pet store or a breeder means denying a shelter animal a chance at life. Anyone who has ever adopted an animal will confirm that they are the best!
1 I love dogs and feel bad for all of them that are in there.  That being said, I think that they would be better off elsewhere.  This place, since its run by the county) is filled with lazy uncaring employees.  I will goto a breeder or find a
1 I gave it one star because I'm all about animals finding forever loving homes. But that's where the positive praise ends for me.  We visited here several times in search of our next doggie family member. Never were we greeted. Not even a mean greeting, or a rude greeting... No greeting. It seems anyone can just walk in here and roam around. That was always a red flag to me when I went there but we wanted to rescue a dog and give it a loving home, so we continued to go.  Finally, we found a dog that didn't have "adoption pending" on it's kennel, since almost all do there ( maybe try keeping animals who are already adopted separate from available ones,DCHS?). We had to track down a staff member since none ever seem to be around even monitoring the dog kennels (another red flag). Finally we did and we asked to see the dog. Here's where it really got weird...  The two women, who never introduced themselves (I refer to them as the blonde and the brunette) seemed very adamant about us taking him that same evening. They hadn't asked us any interview questions like other shelters do... They never even asked us what type of home he'd be in or anything. they asked us if we had kids, if we lived alone, and if we owned our home. Apparently three questions answered and you can take home a dog? ( horrible). But we were so excited about the dog we weren't really thinking about their lack of questions or how pushy they seemed about us taking him right away.  Once we got home with him we learned why they were so pushy. They told us he was so sweet... Such a calm guy, loving etc. They said he got nervous in the kennel but that's it. We bring him home and within a few hours he is biting us, growling at us, and literally grabbed my subway sand which out of my hand the second I picked it up .. When I tried to say no and get my sandwich back he bit my hand and drew blood. Later he also stole the remote out of my boyfriends hand and tore it to pieces in a second. He growls everytime you go near him.. And this is while we are talking in calm quiet voices, moving slowly, trying to do anything to make him feel calmer.  He has now bitten us each multiple times in 12 hrs.. He knocks anything over (plants, anything on the counter) and growls at you and tries to bite if you run to pick it up.  I'm not mad at the dog. It isn't his fault he probably was abused in previous homes. But- it was absolutely the DCHS job to tell us he was aggressive. To tell us he bites and snarls and growls. To tell us he may guard food even food that isn't his. Were furious that they completely lied to us and were so pushy about us taking him immediately (no wonder why though). Do NOT adopt a dog from here simply because these people have no business conducting behavioral assessments on dogs as they failed with this one... They also are illegally lying to people to get them to take home a dog.   We are furious and wanted this dog more than anything but we deserved to be properly prepared for the way he is so aggressive. We told them we wanted a calm family dog who was a sweetie and we go on runs with. They had him in the shelter for a month- if we learned his behaviors in a day, I'm sure they knew all about his biting and aggression. I've had many dogs all who were trained by me and I have never seen a dog with this level of aggression in my life. I'm severely disappointed in the DCHS.  Bottom line: do not misrepresent your animals. Do not lie to the consumer. This is illegal.
