4 Not the same Domino's pizza I ate too much of in College. Vastly different and a major improvement! Ordering on-line couldn't be easier, and pizza was made exactly how I ordered. Piping hot, flavorful, better than average crust, nicely blackened in all the right spots, tasty toppings, robust sauce. Friendly delivery by John. Price is fair. Much, much better than Pizza Hut!
4 Easy ordering-on-line. Made exactly as I asked for. Piping hot. Sauce is SO, SO much better than their old stuff. Crust is like having an order of buttery-garlic soft bread sticks with your pizza. Delivery is super-fast, with charming, pleasant personality driver(s.) Our guests were apprehensive about eating Domino's from past experiences, and after the first bite, were practically inhaling pieces it was that good! I can tell that it is hand-made fresh. The dough is light and airy, the cheeses are tangy and savory, the meats are generous and better quality than most. My first choice in chain pizzas.
5 OK OK... as a Proud Italian I hope my momma don't see this! I'm actually going to give D'moes a 5 star rating for a few reasons. Last Friday, me and my 2 brothers left the suns game, and proceed to put a few "adult" beverages back. At around 2am, when Haney's shut down, we had an overwhelming craving for crap pizza (its better than our normal Jack in Box at 3am run that usually ends up with someone puking in the drive thru line because the smell of the taco sauce is so amazing). Low and behold, the ONLY spot that was still taking orders (up to 2am!) was D'moes. Now, 1st off - I live at Summitt (by BOB). These guys gladly delivered to me, all the way down there! Major props for that. 2 - They understood me... considering I don't remember ordering the pizza (I woke up to pizza and wings boxes all over my pad, and me saying "who ordered pizza" then I burped... wing sauce and vodka is a healthy combo. 3 - apparently, after checking my voice mail, the driver was pounding on our door for about 5 minutes (we were REALLY jamming out to Rock Band, in case you don't know, were pretty awesome. Wikipedia that Ish ladies and Gent's; Kansas City Bullriders). Well, the driver and my door man both called 3 times. I'm assuming the driver eventually came in and grabbed the bass guitar and strummed it out. Maybe he had a slice with us? Who really knows these things. However, I do know that I was insanely impressed with D'moes... from the left overs I ate the next when I could remember. It was pretty darn good. Between the awesome'ness that is called "their customer service" and the legit taste it left in my mouth, I'm a believer, unless, if I say I'm not, will I get a commercial?... hmmmm.... Potential there....
2 So Domino's is Domino's, right?  You must know what you are getting--I don't have to tell you the pizza, breadsticks, chicken strips, pretty good in terms of getting what you pay for.  However, this location gets the unfortunate privilege  of being my neighborhood locations (less than a mile from my house), and although this location has been prompt and delicious, this is more a review about the man himself, Mr. Domino and my online ordering experiences with him.  My friends, why would you spend $17 on a Domino's pizza when Papa John's will give it to you for $11?.  Not to say I'm a broke hobo, but seriously, the difference in cost is a draft beer at a classy joint and 2 at the places I frequent.  My biggest irk with Domino's is that they advertise $11.99 Any Speciality Pizza and if you change 1 item, say you don't like mushrooms (not saying that's me, could be, not saying) and trade for something like black olives (even trade, no?  Sometimes I even end up with less on the pizza because I don't like meats all that much and substitute veggies).  So if you change 1 item instead of their $11.99 advertised special, all of a sudden the price is $16.99?  $5 for some f''in black olives?  Seriously.  I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!  About the 3rd time this happened I finally put my foot down and looked up Papa John's website.  $11 any pizza, up to 7 toppings, any toppings.  Pretty much my BFF.  PJ's.  Go for it.
3 never has crushed peppers!   but the pizza ain't too shabby.
2 The pizza wasn't horrible,  but the deal was awful.  The prices are extremely high at Dominos in general,  and their medium 2 topping is a rip off.  Low rating is for price vs.  Quality,  and value.
1 I normally don't have a problem with Dominos--you pretty much know what you're getting for your money.  Unfortunately, this Dominos, even though it is less than 3 miles away, won't deliver to my address. Not only will they not deliver, but they will take my order, ask me what the cross-streets are (so they KNOW how far I am), and wait 30 minutes before calling to tell me that they cancelled my order.  They could have checked my address when I gave it to them, or they could have called and asked if I wanted to pick it up instead, but instead they simly cancelled my order--and didn't let me know until it was supposed to be at my door,
2 I don't usually write reviews for chains but this Domino's was bad, even for "fast food pizza" standards. Way too greasy, and it was definitely stale, old grease. Ended up throwing half the pizza out because it just tasted so bad. Cheese only was edible, but anything we had with toppings was bad. Not coming back.
1 I don't normally order Domino's, but when I do, it's because I'm feeling extra lazy.  I ordered online, and got 10 of the 14 wings I ordered; I asked for them to be well done (which means send half way through the oven again), but they were squishy and boxed up before my 2nd pizza came out of the oven.  Pizzas weren't "hot", they were barely warm, which means the oven temp wasn't correct.  I ordered regular cheese and there was more red sauce than cheese (which means they're short on cheese for the week).  I live 2 blocks from here, but will gladly drive right past it to go somewhere else.  You can redecorate the lobby all you want, it's just lipstick on a dead pig.  They used to care and send you a survey after you ordered online, now there isn't any option to send feedback.  You guessed it, I used to work at Domino's, so I know how this works.  Ever since Mittens bought the franchise they've gone to sh*t.
1 I came here the other night and got the WORSE SERVICE EVER. I had a question about my total which was $16. The lady told me that a large pizza with 1 topping was $14 and plus the tax it came out to be $16. It was fine until my brother noticed that the price on the flyer stated a large pizza with 1 topping to be $13. It was a $1 difference and it didn't matter I just wanted to know what I was paying for. The guy in charge came over and told me that my one topping was extra which didn't make sense because I was allowed one topping. I was in mid question when he told his co-worker to just give us the dollar difference. He said it with such attitude and he threw the flyer he had in hand on the floor. He had a horrible attitude and no respect for us as the costumers and because of that I will never come to this Domino's ever again!!
1 I'm comforted to know I'm in good company with those multitudes of folks who have been ripped off by this arrogant, sleazy dump that thinks of itself as some kind of a restaurant.  Out of frustration at finding something to eat late on a Friday night a few weeks ago, we went into this place because it was handy.  The floors were littered with papers, trash and crumbs, the tables and chairs were in disarray and looked like they hadn't been washed or wiped all day.  I've seen junior high school cafeterias right after lunch that were more inviting.    The sandwiches we ordered were OK.  One was supposed to come with dressing, so I asked for it on the side.  A large, overfed bozo yelled from the back they can't give it on the side - either take it on the sandwich or do without.  When the sandwiches arrived, my dining companion's arrived with a cup of the very same dressing I was told was not available.   When I asked for the one that should have come with my order, Big Bozo yelled it was too late - I already accepted it without.  I showed him the one we were just served, and he yelled back that was all we we're going to get.  He then walked up front to where we were seated and told us to get the hell out.  He refused to refund our money but changed his mind after we threatened to call the police if he didn't.  Most Dominos owners take their franchises seriously.  Too bad the drug-addled stumble-bum who runs this sewer doesn't.  Home Depot sells toilets for s**t like this, and, as far as I'm concerned, ALL Dominos are long overdue for a final flush.  UPDATE, February 21, 2014:    On this date I filed a formal complaint with Domino's Corporate headquarters.  I received a very sincere, heart-felt reply, indicating they would take care of the matter and we would be hearing from someone within three days.     Nothing from Domino's was ever heard from again.  UPDATE, May 25, 2014:  From Franchise Owner named "Customer R":  Jason, we appreciate the review and feedback posted on Yelp regarding your recent experience.  We are so sorry for the unacceptable product and service you received from our store and can certainly understand your frustration and disappointment. Please know we value your business and for the inconvenience, we hope you'll use the $10 e-gift card number below toward a future order at any Domino's Pizza location within the United States.   We are also reporting this incident to the Manager of Corporate Operations, so corrective action can be taken to prevent this from happening again in the future.  Gift Card #: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  PIN #: XXXX  To use your gift card:  1. Select "Gift Card" as a form of payment on the checkout page 2. Enter the gift card number and PIN 3. Enter the Captcha (scrambled letters) and press "Use Your Cards". If entered correctly, the balance of the gift card will auto-populate and be grayed out. 4. Enter the amount you want to use in the "Amount" field 5. Enter the Captcha again and press "Use Your Cards" 6. If entered correctly, the amount will be deducted and the new balance will be reflected under Balance Due in the "Choose Payment Type" box. At this point the new balance is NOT reflected in the "Order Summary" box at the top of the screen. 7. Press "Place Your Order"  At this time, gift cards cannot be used towards a future online order or on any mobile device and only 2 gift cards can be used per online order.   On June 25, 2014, Jason H replied:  Gee, what a lot of rock and no roll...    You REALLY think this is an efficient way of appeasing abused customers - making them jump through all kinds of ridiculous, impossible website hoops, ifs, and, buts, exclusions, etc. just for a measly $10 discount off $4 worth of cold pizza?    I'd be impressed if you reported back to me with the corrective actions you took - and then simply mailed me a coupon of substantive value.  Since this incident we've learned just how low Domino's public image has sunk, and the reasons why.  And this flaccid effort at improving Domino's customer relations is typical of Domino's go-to-hell attitude.  Keep your valuable e-card and thanks, but no thanks.
5 I have always ordered pizza from dominos and the delivery have been so so. I'll get my food and it'll be okay warm and okay good. That's also might be due to the fact that I always get the same stuff. But TONIGHT I got something different. I got a hot sub, bacon and ranch sub. The delivery was really fast for once but the best part was that the food was super hot. It he food was so hot that u couldn't even touch it. Never have I ever gotten delivery that was super hot.  It was SO good ;-) extremely satisfied with the service and food. Thank you.
