2 I know people are crazy for Culver's. It's an ok place for a custard, but I don't get the butter burger thing. Every meal I've eaten there just hasn't set well on my stomach--especially the "walleye" sandwich. I even tried a salad in an attempt to find something healthy. The lettuce was wilted and what chicken they had on top was uninspired and as dry as a shoe.   I'll keep trying, though. I haven't had any of their soups, and if these are good I'm willing to rethink this review a bit.   I will say they are very awesome with kids and generous with the free little dishes of custard for them.
5 First of all, this is Culvers.  I love the mushroom and swiss burger, delicious, I crave it and I am not a fast food person!   They custards are to die for and I am glad that I do not live by a culvers because I would probably try to eat there every day!  I love their food, service has always been great here!
5 Every Wisconsin fatty loves a good butterburger, we all know that, but what sets this Culvers apart from the others is the fact that its hands down the best one in Madison, and maybe even Wisconsin. The food is always hot,fresh,well prepared,and served quickly and politely. The other thing is its cleanliness. Its restrooms are always very clean and smell good, and the tables are quickly bussed and wiped down to make room for the next customer. The floors are kept immaculate, and you will never see a mess on the floor or at the condiment station. I think this is because the owner takes great pride in his resteraunt, and is always there. I know this because I live close and eat here 3 times a week, and he's always there. Most of the staff has worked there for a long time as well, and are good at their job. This place is the blueprint of what a Culvers should be,and a shining star among the companys resteraunts.
4 It's Culvers, what else can I say.  I love the place. Best fast food for the price.  This particular Culver's is getting a review because of how great it is. There is something about this location that stands above the rest and I can not put my finger on it. better tasting food, better frozen yogurt, better specials every day...I just don't know. It is just great.  I have to also add in that this location is always busy. Always busy! Cars coming onto the road busy, so this must mean I'm not the only person that thinks this Culver's location is extremely awesome.
3 This location always has good specials but their daily flavors are seriously lacking.  Orange Dreamsicle? S'more?  Blueberry?  Eh.  Give me something spectacular!  If they are not going to be complicated then please tell your staff to be knowledgeable.  I have asked questions about the ingredients and been told, more than once, that they did not know.  We are not talking complicated questions.  Does the blueberry have whole fruit or is it folded in (kind of like a syrup)?  Otherwise, I like this place.  Typical Culver's.
4 Love me some Culver's!  The burgers rock, the cheese turds & onion rings are fab, and the fish fry is REALLY good!  And, let's not even talk about the malts!  OMG, sooooo gooooood!
5 great neighborhood staff, the family that runs is  very hardworking serious about their bussiness and satisfying customers. thanks,
2 This review is SOLELY for the flavor Waffle Cone.  Boring.  It has a vanilla custard base with waffle cones and chocolate pieces in it.  First, there was not many piece of chocolate or waffle cone in it.  It was not a fun and interesting mix of add-ins.    I like their vanilla ice cream, this flavor did nothing for it.
4 This review is SOLELY for the butter pecan. This flavor is pretty close to the traditional butter pecan.   My only request is that it was a richer butter flavor. The creaminess just wasn't there. However, a good second place.
2 This review is for Just Drummy.  Boring.  I do not feel like I had many piece of the "drummy."  It was vanilla ice cream with a couple of pieces of waffle cone.  I should have just gotten vanilla and skipped the frustration.
5 I love Culver's as a company, first.  They are solid through and through.    Each location varies a little, but I think, on the whole, the parent company does enough to keep the franchises in line very well.  I've never been disappointed with any Culver's at which I've eaten.  This location does everything well.  I work near here, so I go here at least once a week for lunch, and have for probably the last four years.  I have never had a single complaint.  Even when they're busy, they manage to keep the place looking well and getting the food out fast and hot.  The only knock I could issue against this place is the layout of their parking lot isn't great.  It could get fixed.  If you park on the right-hand side of the lot, you can get stuck in your space if there's a long line at the drive-thru.
3 The best fast food I know of. Maybe Chipotle, as well. Staff is always friendly. I'm not from here but this place is very Wisconsin-y to me, in a food way.  Good chili.
