4 You have to love this traditional 11:00am service. I was invited and am glad I came. People are welcoming.  I really liked hearing the worship here and you will too. They are trying to purchase a huge organ and I fully support it based on the beautiful playing that is happening now with their smaller one.
5 Central UMC is a wonderful church, combining worship with beautiful art and song. I've only ever been to the 11:00 am service, which features traditional worship hymns and liturgy, and communion on the first Sunday of the month. There are also services at 8 and 930 I believe. The 930 service features more contemporary music.    A few things really stand out about this church. First, the music. The volunteer choir performs breathtaking choral pieces every Sunday. Even after attending this church for a year, I'm constantly impressed by the skill of the choir, soloists and organist. The service commonly features guest musicians such as the Sonoran Brass Quintet.    Secondly, the current pastor, Pastor Larry gives great, contemplative sermons that really parse the text of the scripture. The staff and congregation are always friendly and welcoming, and the church is involved with several charitable works in the community, such as the Justa Center    Finally, the premises are beautiful. The main Sanctuary is adorned with beautiful stained glass religious artwork. The church is also home to two beautiful organs.    I'd encourage anyone looking for a church to try Central UMC.
5 I consider myself a bit of a Protestant mutt: baptized Lutheran; raised in the Anglican church; confirmed Presbyterian; and in college, I was adopted by the Jesuits.  And I can't say that church has ever come easy.  In my youth, I went kicking and screaming. During adolescence, foremost, I went out of respect for my parents; but it was a perspiration.  Now, as an adult, with a blended family of five kids, I find my weekly pilgrimage to church an aspiration and inspiration.  I go to disconnect from worldly distraction.  It's a chance to meditate, listen to music, hear an inspired perspective, and to commune with others, and to pause and be grateful.  CUMC is a new home.  We moved here just five months ago.  They offer three services, all with the same message, but delivered with a very different experience - 8 am is quiet and intimate in a quaint chapel; 9:30 is contemporary ... "Jesus, Java, Jazz" - eat donuts, drink coffee, enjoy amazing guest artists; 11 am is the traditional service in the main sanctuary, with all the traditional trimmings and an amazing choir to boot.   We have settled into the ease and familiarity of JJJ.  The church community is so warm and welcoming.  If you find yourself interested in renewing your faith, or taking cautious steps in your spiritual discovery and journey, consider CUMC. You will be most welcomed.
1 We were guests there once in about 2003 for one of the morning services.  We are used to megachurches with lots of praise and worship and messages where many Bible passages are referred to and explained with practical, applicable and content-rich teaching and even some humor.  We are used to churches that are ALIVE.  I felt like I was at someone's funeral.  I didn't feel the Holy Spirit there at all.  In fact, I felt really strange like I couldn't wait to leave not only the church but the grounds.  The greeters smiled a lot; I'm sure some of them weren't fake.
