4 This experience is spendy, but isnt everything at the Ballpark. However, the food is very good & diverse. Reservations for a table overlooking the field & awwww: a baseball fan is in heaven.
3 We have been making the rounds of restaurants at Chase field and this time we tried the ABC club for dinner. It overlooks right field just above Uptown. You have a choice of the all you can eat buffet for $34.95 each or ordering off of the menu. We ordered off of the menu. I got the seafood salad ($25)  and my husband got the burger ($15). If you are leaving to go to your seats elsewhere I recommend ordering off the menu. If you are planning to stay there for the whole game, I suggest doing the all you can eat buffet, That way you can go up and back as much as you want and graze throughout the whole game. (or most of the game- I am not sure when last call is)    The food was very good. The service however was not. That's why I gave it only three stars. They must have thought we were staying the whole time because we got there before the game started and it was so slow we were not able to get to our seats until the third inning. It was unacceptable.
4 Not sure how well kept this secret is or if it's a secret at all but buy some cheap tix, make a reservation and share a mountain of nachos and have the banana split. Sweet Hey-Zeus, it's an entire half gallon of ice cream and WE TORE IT UP.  And that is no stretch of my wild imagination.  Who knows...You may win yourself some much needed cool points on the dating front. Give it a swing.
4 useful tip...buy the cheapest ticket for a game and then come here for $35 and eat until you are satisfied...well worth it...and to think i was paying $30 for the All You Can Eat section with only Hot dogs, Chips, Peanuts, Popcorn, Soda & Water....i will be back to the ABC next season for sure
1 The view is nice, but the food was cold and service was REALLY slow. Better off just getting foods from one of the stands. Was hoping for a fancy ballpark experience this was not it.
4 Came to the game with my wife. We always wondered what this place was like so we decided to try it out. We sat on the porch right as the game started. It was fun to watch the game while we ate.   My wife ordered the Chicken Caesar salad. She enjoyed it, but wasn't overly gushing about it.   I got the Chefs Table. An all you can eat buffet of good food. They had Turkey, Tri-Tip, all kinds of veggies and salads. They also had an all you can eat ice cream bar. I didn't try that (on account of my diet). Overall it was good food. A bit pricey for the buffet ($35 for food a drink and dessert) but overall it was good.
