4 Great place to live so far!  Cheapest town house to rent I could find. I got a free Ipod  when I signed the lease. Staff is super friendly and if things need to be fixed they are on top of it! they even ask if there is anything that I need ( filters etc) Quiet professionals mostly live here a few small families too!  The place is smaller but is nice inside and the kitchen is newer.. No marble counter tops but for the price is pretty friggan sweet.. The attached garage is what sold it for me :)  The neighbor hood isn't great but it is a gated place with high walls and limited access of your apartment  to the front door and attached garage with remote access and garage door opener.  The police have coffee here around during the day and night as sort of a hangout so that is a plus to me!  The Chinese Cultural Center is in the same court and the light rail is down on Washington.. perfect in between Tempe and Phoenix. Snuggled in between the Airport and the 202 it is a perfect center point for me in the valley  If you are looking for  great place to live and don't mind climbing stairs in your place or ice cream trucks at all hours of the day and night  then you should really check this place out!
3 I lived here for over 4 years and can say that this is a pretty good place to live.  It has a nice, well equipped fitness center and a large pool with hot tub.  Also has a grilling area with 2 gas grills beside the pool.  Each townhome has its own garage and can hold one car (one bedroom unit) or 2 cars (2/3 bedroom unit).  Office staff is always friendly and will act immediately on most repairs or complaints.   I'd say the only challenges here are the flights of steps you have to climb in the apartments, moderate amount of noise through the walls and the electricity cost during the summer.  I HIGHLY recommend getting a unit that has North/South facing windows.  If you get a unit that faces East/West, the sun will heat up your apartment and you will be paying a much higher electric bill during the summer.  The North/South facing units avoid the summer direct sunlight and will save you money.  Other costs to keep in mind are the separate gas, water and trash fees each month.  Those are about $35-$65+ depending how much water you use.  My bill averages $35 for the utilities and $15 for the gas with 2 people and we are very conservative.  Just some numbers to keep in mind.  All in all this is a good place to be.  Very close and convenient to the airport, grocery stores, Target, etc.  Also quick access to the highways.
2 I just renewed my lease with Palazzo; however, I'm already regretting my decision. Despite what the front office will tell you, this place is not "condo style" and extremely noisy. I've had to listen to my inconsiderate neighbors have sex and scream at the top of their lungs throughout all hours of the day and night. I'm considering breaking the lease.   The area isn't that fantastic. There's definitely a transient community and crime is pretty standard heading south. Aside from that, the units are okay with wood floors and a tandem garage.
4 Lived here for nine months. Rented the two bedroom because we have a lot of family that would visit. Loved it. Nice quiet place to live for young professionals. Very spacious, especially for the price. Didn't have any noise issues. We would watch tv late and never got any noise complaints from the neighbors.  The area could be better, but it is surrounded by business area, so there wasn't any noticeable riff-raff. I agree with one of the earlier reviews that mentioned the water pressure was bad, but we just got a twenty dollar shower head and that fixed the issue. Other people complained about the management and we really didn't have any issues, so we didn't need to work with management too often. Whenever we had issues we would put in a work order it would be fixed quickly.  Some of the negatives were:  - there was supposed to be a movie theater that they were upgrading, this was under construction the whole time we lived there. don't really know how much we would've used it anyways.  -  the gym definitely does the job for an apartment gym. My gripe with the gym is that a lot of young kids would go in there and play. Can't blame the kids, I am sure it was fun for them, but they should enforce the rule better against unsupervised children in the gym if there even is one.  - Bathrooms: It is a weird setup. Apparently the three bedroom has a half bath downstairs, but the one and two bedroom have both bathrooms upstairs. It is definitely better to have them up there instead of downstairs, but it could be kinda annoying to have to have your guest go upstairs to use the restroom.  Overall i was happy with my experience here and would recommend this complex for a young adult looking for somewhere to live.
1 Update November 2013  Had my Kindle STOLEN from their mailroom.  Amazon replaced it, but the office initially wasn't helpful in trying to find it, or admitting that it was even their fault.  In fact the property manager got snarky with me and stated they are not responsible for any lost or stolen mail.  Gee thanks, so I guess that means you can't help me look for it either.  As proof I offered up the fact that UPS had a signature on file for the delivery from the office manager.  I even called and talked to the guy who delivered it and he remembered dropping it off b/c it was one of those black Kindle boxes.    After all was said and done they said they'd leave the door to the mail room close and lock it.  I went in this past weekend, saw the mail room door wide open with not a person in sight.  Again, it's impressive how incompetent these people are.  ---------------- Initial review August 2013  They can't get their act together.  Moved in in May and there were many issues with the apartment (dishwasher had rusty wracks, ice maker didn't work, carpets were not properly cleaned, dryer timer didn't work, the disposal was broken, the garage door open was broken, etc.).  It took several rounds of complaining to even get them to come out and look and even more rounds of follow up to get them to complete it.  It's September and the ice maker is STILL broken.  It's incredible how terrible they are!  I am actually astounded they could be this bad at their jobs.  I am ticked off enough that I logged on to write a bad review and I am typically a very understand and sympathetic person, but this is ridiculous.  We were also welcomed to a nice ANT problem the day we moved in.  I had called several weeks before we moved in and asked them to spray for critters.  Obviously that never happened either.  I also didn't appreciate the fact that they list GARAGE space in their square footage stats.  Something they LIED (intentionally or no, they should know what the square footage is in their units... that makes them either liars or incompetent and you should not tolerate either) about to my wife before we leased it and didn't discover until after it was too late (I had to move in sight unseen because we relocated from across the country and my wife was the only one who could see it in person at the time).  I've also had to call the cops for a domestic disturbance for someone in the complex... you can't always help or predict that, but it's the first time I've ever had to do that and I lived in downtown Chicago for 6 years before I moved here.  My advice, spend your hard earned money elsewhere, this place is laughably terrible.
4 We moved here in early December.  There were numerous issues with our place, but the office and maintenance staff have been very responsive and courteous.  We use the gym nearly every day and are super happy to have that.  Maybe we're lucky, but our neighbors on both sides are generally quiet, aside from occasional late-night music on the weekends.  Most people who live here seem like young professional types.  We like the area, as it's close to the "Chinese Cultural Center", Pueblo Grande Museum, Desert Botanical Garden, zoo, light rail (which takes you into both downtown Phoenix and Tempe), and airport.  It does get a little sketchy going west on Van Buren, but we've always lived in mixed urban areas like this and don't mind.  So far, so good!
1 Best decision I made was moving OUT of this place! Before I moved in the complex was managed by Greystar then switched over to Alliance. The morning I was scheduled to move in, the people working the front office had no idea what keys to give me and after I told them I had to leave to meet the movers they agreed to give them to my brother- which they did but without checking his ID to make sure he was the person they were supposed to give them to.   The complex grounds and the surrounding areas where people walk their dogs always has dog feces and there seems to be a shortage of doggy bags the majority of the week. The security gates stay broken like they have given up on trying to fix them. The drive in gates and clickers are questionable as to when they they work- the last months of my lease after trying to get a clicker that worked from the main office several times, I gave up on having a functioning one. The complex itself has a high turn over with people leaving in the middle of the night- there would be drunk people who don't live at the complex hanging out by the pool mooching off residents- police rolled through on more then one occasion- weekends were debatable on if you would be woken up at 3 am by people vomiting in their driveway- questionable as to if there are any background checks that got one on potential residents.   They say they are pet friendly but only in the sense they use it to charge you as much as possible. Make sure you don't have ANY stain of any type on your carpet because if you do they will replace all the carpet in the unit on your expense at move out. At inspection, I was told the carpet in the guest bedroom would be replaced but ended up getting a bill for ALL the carpet in the unit. If you can have someone with you during your walk through, do it- that way you'll have a witness who can support you if they try to charge you for stuff other than what they told you during the inspection.  Make sure you know your lease- I had signed a short lease and upon verifying my move out date, discovered they had me down for a lease almost 6 months longer then what I signed up for. Also be aware that they will jack up your rent when it comes to renewing- I knew many people that left because they could no longer afford the constant increases.   The place I live at now is managed by Greystar and I can tell the difference. My new place is much bigger then Palazzo but the grounds are well kept, little noise, there is a constant presence of maintenance staff and the management team, I pay less for rent and enjoy little things like secure property gates, a mail box that you can actually drop mail off in, and staff that follows up and follows through. Palazzo is mediocre at best- if you look around, you can find places that offer the same and more amenities with better quality.
