3 For a last minute trip to Phoenix for spring training, I didn't have a lot of options left for the low price I wanted to pay. Thank goodness for Motel 6!  When I called the Scottsdale location to see if they had any availability, the woman who answered was kind enough to help me book this Phoenix East location for a late arrival that same night.  If you're looking for luxury, you're looking in the wrong place.  You get what you pay for... thin blankets, flat pillows, toilet seats without a cover, thin walls.  However, the room was clean, the motel is located right off the fwy (and down the street from the A's spring training facility, the Phoenix zoo and Botanical Gardens), and you really can't beat the price ($62 for two in a double nonsmoking room). I just wished the rooms had mini fridges but at least they had ice machines accessible.
2 Stayed here for 1 night since I was on my way home to San Jose,CA from Tucson, AZ, I decided to stay in Phoenix for 1 night so I could go to a D-Backs game, this Motel 6 isn't a far drive to Chase Field, they put me in a room with 2 twin beds when I requested on my reservation that I wanted a queen size bed, I asked them why I got a room with two twin beds and they told me they couldn't give me one because they we're doing some kind of work to the vacant rooms with queen beds, I was very disappointed about this since I'm a tall guy, I need to sleep at least on a queen size bed. Their prices are great which is the main reason why I stayed here but I doubt I will be back at this location.
1 When we called the Motel before we arrived, they said they had plenty of rooms available, but when we got there the manager spent about 10 minutes searching for a room for us (said several were in the middle of some maintenance.  As we went to our room, we noticed there were many rooms that did not appear to be occupied at all (the drapes were open and rooms were dark.)  This was the same story and situation the past 3 times we stayed here.  I think they just close rooms off, period.  Found a used condom on floor under the bed and the wall near the sink had some drip stains from something I won't even hazard a guess about. There is no way that room had been properly cleaned or sanitized.  We will absolutely not be back here again.
