5 These ladies know how to do flowers.  Starting, on the phone- so accommodating and willing to work within budgets.  I used them for work and had a strict budget to follow and they did it perfectly for 14 orders and deliveries.  Very nice and easy to work with.  Then I had to go to the store and drop off something that had to be included in the delivery.  What a great store-- some really great decorating ideas are in there.   I highly recommend Cactus Flower.  I will use them again.
4 It's my little sister's 17th birthday (yes, I feel old considering I remember changing her diapers!) and I wanted to do something special for her. I considered using one of the online services (ProFlowers, 1-800 Flowers, etc.) but I really wanted the "wow" effect of the flowers arriving all arranged and gorgeous. So (of course) I turned to Yelp and found Cactus Flowers.   They have a great website showing photos of all their arrangements (see "Cactus Flower Exclusives" for prearranged, local delivery options), and they even offer national deliveries through FTD. I found a gorgeous bouquet and even had the option of adding balloons, chocolates, and a teddy bear. I went with the balloons because I was sending them to my sister's school and I just HAD to go for the best (AKA most embarrassing) visual display possible!!   I placed the order yesterday (hooray for next-day delivery - and even same-day delivery if you order before 1pm) and realized today that I did not specify delivery time. Having the flowers arrive after she's left school for the day isn't the surprise I was going for!! So I sent them an email explaining the situation and asked ever so nicely that they please try to deliver before 2pm. Just over an hour later, which was after noon in Arizona - less than 2 hours before my requested delivery time - I received a response that it was taken care of. How great is that?!?!   I'm still waiting to get a call from my sister (I'm sure I'll post an update later today to say how it turned out), but right now they have a very satisfied customer!   The Cactus Flower Exclusives are gorgeous and go for $35 and up (+ tax and delivery, which is $13 - $15). National deliveries also start at $35 + tax and delivery.   - 1 Star because the bouquet arrangements most people lean towards start at about $50, which is kinda pricey (only smaller arrangements with a handful of short stem flowers in a short vase are $35)
4 Good news - my sister got the flowers and she sent me a pic from her phone.  They're gorgeous!  And they arrived just in time, too!  Thanks, Cactus Flowers!! =)
4 I ordered flowers for two friends. When I spoke to the designer about the size he was more then helpful with exchanging some of the flowers to create a bigger bouquet. It's almost two weeks later and my friend said they still look beautiful just as when they arrived. Both friends said they were lovely. I will use them again.
1 I will never order flowers through Cactus Flowers again.  I ordered flowers online to be delivered on Saturday 2/11 for a friend's mom for her birthday.  They delivered without the personalized card.  My order confirmation clearly shows the message I had written for her.  She had to call Cactus Flowers twice to figure out who they were from and the employee she spoke to was incredibly rude to her.   Also the flowers did not look like what I had ordered.  In the picture there are purple flowers which they just left out completely.  I called Cactus Flowers the next day, Sunday to try and figure out what happened.  Even though I had my order number, it still took her 10 minutes to find my order.  Apparently the flowers had come out of their Carefree location so if I wanted them to deliver a new bouquet, she would call that location to make sure they had all the flowers that were supposed to be in it.  She said she would call me back and let me know.  I had a missed call from them later in the day but no voicemail.  It took me until THursday to get back in touch with them due to my work schedule and the fact that....wait for it.....they have no voicemail.  What kind of business operates with no way for anyone to leave them a message?  So on Thursday I finally reached them and spoke to someone else and she told me that they would redeliver Friday or Saturday.  Guess what, it didn't happen!  I called back yesterday and spoke to someone who was less than pleasant and she said she would have a manager call me back today.  It is now 3:00 and I haven't heard from anyone.  I'm sure I will have to call them back, again.  I don't think I have ever experienced such crappy customer service.  It actually takes effort to suck as much as they do.    Moral of this story:  Do not use Cactus Flowers.  I will return to using Pro Flowers as I have never had any issues with them.
5 I couldn't be happier!  My son forgot to pick up his prom date's corsage and not only did they call me to tell me he hadn't shown up yet (they were getting ready to close for the day) but they stayed open until he got there to pick it up. It was beautiful and looked just like the picture we ordered it from. Thanks Cactus Flowers!  I will spread the word about your awesome customer service!
5 I used Cactus Flower Florists for my wedding...I could not believe my eyes when I saw everything come together. AMAZING!!!  I worked with Corrina (all brides should request her)- she was wonderful.  I didn't know what I wanted- just that I wanted something really beautiful.  She completely read my mind (I'm long distance too)- she nailed it!  Thank you sooooo much for making my wedding the most beautiful wedding ever!!
1 The delived plant bowl did not resemble the picture on the website.  The plants were looking very sickly and it made the arrangement look cheep and unattractive.  I can't believe they would send this out.   It is embarrassing to know that something like that arrived.. looked like a small child put it together.
5 Friendly and fast. they plumped my selection up to exactly what I was looking for, for a bosses' day arraignment at a far better price than what I am used to paying. My boss has gotten compliments by everyone who walks past her office. the flowers are still vibrant and fragrant. I'm glad I walked over from AJ's to compare. I even got a free rose when checking in on Yelp, and not a wimpy flower, it was a really nice rose. Turned around and surprised my babe  Brownie Points!
1 I have been an infrequent but long-term customer of Cactus Flower since the early 1990's. Last year I had unsatisfactory experiences with one of the shops, but decided to give the Phoenix shop a try. Good decision, for the one order they delivered.     I stopped in yesterday to order for V Day. A somewhat distracted employee tossed a couple tattered catalog pages on the table for me to choose from, and described a few. When I asked that it be delivered by the time the recipient leaves work, she said school delivery was before 2, and businesses by 5 PM. Since the recipient leaves work by 3, I asked that she be included in the "school" delivery. No can do, policy is policy! It came down to a quick but clearly evident battle of wills between the young employee and me, she wasn't going to budge, and I wasn't going to risk the order being late.    So I voted with my dollars, 150 of them, and took my business elsewhere.
1 The ABSOLUTE worse experience I have ever had ordering flowers! I made an order to have flowers delivered to my wife's work on Valentine's day. I looked at the exotic flower arrangements that Cactus Flower Florists carried. And I found one I knew my wife would love. They were a "Birds of Paradise" arrangement, we have just moved from Hawaii to Arizona and I thought it would be a great choice. I ordered and purchased the flowers and made sure that they would be able to be delivered by Feb. 14th Valentine's day. Well the day finally comes and my wife never gets the arrangements and when I call the florist to inquiry about the delivery a female employee, who I am later told name is Laura, tells me that the date of delivery was for Feb. 15th, now if I did not see that the flowers would have been delivered on valentine's day why would I schedule it for the day after, it kind of defeats the purpose, I would have looked somewhere else or just picked some up myself. Anyway she goes on to tell me they will not make any more deliveries that day. So I end the call now expecting them to deliver the arrangement on the 15th. Again the 15th is here and still by 330 p.m. my wife still has not received the flowers. I again call and ask about the delivery, after being transferred 3 times was told that on their system was a note saying that they had called me twice and left two messages (I never gotten any calls by them) that they did not have the birds of paradise flower and needed to have it replaced, this note was said by them to have been put in the system on the day I ordered the flowers. So not only did they say they called which they did not, but when I actually called them and spoke to a represenative nothing was told to me about this, nothing was ever mentioned about not having the flowers I ordered. Frustrated at the whole ordeal wanted it to be done with I agreed to let them send another "exotic" arrangement in its place. What my wife received that day was as pitiful arrangement as I have ever seen, not worth the over hundred dollars I spent. I could have pulled weeds out of my yard that were nicer!  So to some it all up CACTUS FLOWER FLORIST is a sham and you should not waste your money here!
5 Great service and convenient to order online. My order was delivered the very next morning by 10am and a beautiful bouquet (autumn harvest) arrived in mint condition!
5 I ordered online an arrangement for a funeral. It was beautiful and exactly the way the picture represented it. Definitely would recommend cactus floral.
5 Super fast service - flowers were ordered at 11am, were received at 1pm.  Couldnt ask for better service.
1 Ordered a bright, feminine bouquet with roses, Peruvian lilies, and daisies.  Received a sloppy, lopsided bouquet with no roses and no Peruvian lilies.  It looks like they took a mish-mash of leftover flowers, put it together and delivered it.  It was awful.
5 I have been going to the Scottsdale location for years, and have been to this location twice.  I thought this location was closed today, so I tried a different local shop - and was horribly disappointed.   I took a swing by the shop, and they're open special today because it's Mother's Day!  As typical, I told them a couple key flowers I would like, and a price range, and they made two BEAUTIFUL bouquets - with no markup for arranging them for me.  As always - this shop is amazing, and I see no reason to go anywhere else.  Always creative, always helpful, and always have the flowers I need in stock!  Thanks guys!
5 Cactus Flower was awesome! There website is user friendly and there were no hiccups or concerns. Delivery was a little late in the afternoon, but the flowers and vase were beautiful! Not only that, Cactus Flower didn't attempt to charge me an additional delivery fee for a commercial building location, like Phoenix Flower Shops attempted to do! Go with Cactus Flower instead!
