5 My son was recently enrolled at Arcadia Montessori. I didn't know a lot about the Montessori method before we checked out the campus so I wasn't sure what to expect.   It is really cool to watch the children minding so well and taking care of things that I thought would be way over their capabilities. All the furniture is his size and there are tons of educational tools that each teach a specific skill. The kids are so  quiet and focused, it's hard to believe they're all toddlers.  His teacher is quiet and kind. Our little guy really likes her and the aides in his room. I like that they leave notes for the parents in his lunchbox, letting us know what he ate and when they changed his diaper (this helps for potty training at home).  It makes me smile when he gets so excited to grab his lunch box and go to school every morning.   I'm really impressed with this school. I can't speak for other Montessori-style pre-schools but this one is just wonderful.
5 Our daughter has been at Arcadia Montessori for a year and we absolutely love it.  She has blossomed there with a sense of both independence and responsibility and we attribute much of that development to the Montessori method and her fantastic teachers and aides.  The campus is beautiful and well maintained, and the classrooms are clean.  We truly feel that everyone who works at the school and in her classroom truly cares about her development and well-being.  Arcadia Montessori gives us the peace of mind we need in a household where both parents work and we want the best childcare for her age.
5 Arcadia Montessori is nothing but a gem! This school has been around for quite a while, & with good reason! My daughter was a 2nd generation student and absolutely LOVED it there. The yoga, & Zumba was one of her favs. She met so many other wonderful children that she called her friends. We relocated to CA recently, & if it wasn't for that she would definitely still be attending. Must see school. The campus is beautiful as well, as it was originally Judy (the owners) home.
