5 I've been living here a year now and I have no complaints. The management is awesome and friendly. It's quiet and attractive. The only thing I have a slight problem with is the pigeons. They're everywhere. Took a while for me to get them to stop sleeping in my porch and I still need to figure out how to clean their mess.
1 Killing 15 roaches a day, trash piling on the ground all around the garbage bins because they are too full at least once a week, never ever having hot water (maybe once or twice a month for a very short amount of time) and heating and cooling not working even after being repaired.   These are just some of the things that you will have to look forward to if you live here. Sure the rent is cheap and it seems quiet but try leaving for work at 4 or 5 in the morning, you'll find black guys digging through the trash cans.   Good morning, is that the overwhelming smell of dog piss I'm smelling? Why yes it is. Animal piss puddles all over the sidewalks and good crap that the residents have yet to pick up.   Sure you are paying for a parking space in your monthly rent but you'll have your spot taken or blocked 1-2 times a week every single week that you live there.   If these things are things that you can look past for the price of rent try wrapping your head around suctioning 3 baby roaches from your sons nose because he can't breathe. This is a second floor apartment mind you,  imagine the bottoms are much worse.
1 When we moved here last year things went down hill from the start. After excepting our keys we immediately saw a roach. They had the bug guy come out. That was months ago and we've had him out a few more times and STILL more roaches! There is NO hot water. I've called to have it fixed, they came and it's still not fixed. Our garbage bins overflow and half the time someone is parked in my spot. Their parking is funky too. They have our spot COMPLETELY on the opposite side of the complex. I DO NOT recommend this place and we will be leaving as soon as the lease is up.
1 UPDATE   Roaches are still present anywhere there is a drain.  There's nothing more exciting than opening your dish washer to see Roaches climbing all over your newly cleaned dishes.    There's also a new bug running around, looks like a carpet Beetle steroids.    I failed to mention the "gated community" which is basically two gates that are set to be open the bulk of the day and close at night. That's all there is to it.  Anyone can walk in off the street as there are no other fences or gates.  I see black people digging through the garbage as I leave very early in the morning.    Overall I think I've seen these gates work a total of like 3 weeks in the last year.  They broke as they always do and haven't been fixed in months so someone finally comes to fix it and both sides of the gate are running at different times and speeds.   By the end of that first day both sets of gates are broken and not moving at all again.  Nothing new here.
2 I have to say I'm very disappointed in how this place has not lived up to what it was when I first moved in. They have the funds to make a new wall for the office parking area but it's been months since both gates have worked. Garbage stays on the grounds for days. The water goes off without warning. The plug for my microwave pops its circuit breaker. The plug for my bedroom lamp turns on by itself. There's no getting rid of the pigeons on my balcony where they make an awful mess.  The sidewalk and stairs too. The buildings are old and the upstairs heat up something awful. I've seen a few roaches in the last year. I know they're not because of me. I'll renew for now but they give me only one day to take their best offer. What if I was away for work? I really hate moving but I will if things don't improve especially since I'm getting less than what I came in for and paying more rent. For this higher rate I'm pretty sure I can find something better. SMH This place was so good the first year. What happened?
1 So theres a lot I'd like to cover or warn people about so I'll keep the keep points separated by paragraphs.   So we've lived here for the better part of a year now and since day one we have seen these little yellow roaches everywhere that seemed to come out at night, they were EVERYWHERE! We don't have much food in the house and its all kept in the fridge to keep it from all the bugs. They come from the unsealed cabinets and every drain in the house. I even see them in the dishwasher climbing all over the dishes all the time. Dishes pulled from the cabinets often had bug crap on them. I don't know how many times I woken up to bugs crawling around, flicked them off my newborn son or woken up to them in my shirt.  We literally kill anywhere from 15-40 roaches in a single night every single night. When we go to the office they always off put it onto other people and though we see the spray truck here regularly but never visiting out unit, only those near the office.The last 5 months or so seem to have brought some new beetle things to the apartment. Twice I've moved stacks of papers for work and tons of baby beetles fleeing from them. And for the record we are immaculate in our place. Theres never a mess or uncleaned surface.   The grounds are very poorly kept in places beyond the front office area. The gates here have worked for more than a week at most at one time. They actually haven't closed in months, last time they were fixed it was for just part of the day.  The garbage piles up around all the garbage cans for days. You will find bags lying everywhere including taking up car spaces which are not always easy to come by.   The water in the apartments get turned off randomly without any warning. Its happened a few times during our stay here but the last time the grounds were flooded so I could see it wasn't planned.   The air conditioning unit in here drips a lot and my family and I have had bad respiratory issues the last 6 months and come to find out the AC was pumping out mold spores that we were breathing for months. The thing hadn't even had the air filter in it all this time either. All those times we thought it was severe allergies or that we stayed awake all night coughing was poor building maintenance. My infant son often gets fevers of up to 104 that seem to spike when all of our symptoms get going. Needless to say we are breaking our lease and moving. I will not pay a company to let me rent a bug infested mold box that jeopardizes the health of my family.   Your neighbors will break the rules in the lease agreement at every turn. They invite parties of several people to the pool and blast music all day (and night) long. Screaming kids at the pool after midnight got old real quick. I very regularly see children under the age of I'm guessing 12 at the pool unsupervised with no adults to be found.
