1 Ok Im giveing Del Taco one more chance....  I go in what is your best chicken Idem....  um Burrito or taco? he asks  Have you had the Burrito?  no....I haven't had ethier...  Have any one eaten anything here? I ask the rest of the resturant crew....they All shake there heads no....  ok so even if the food was discounted or free no one should ever eat del taco.....regardless I did eat a burrito.....  and my worst fears where confirmed....I could have dumpster dove at a taco bell and gotten better food......  Feed me bad food once, shame on you.....Feed me bad food 4 times Shame on ME....
2 Normally I love Del Taco, so I figured I would try out their breakfast burrito before a road trip up north. Bad call.  First of all, I had to repeat my order three times. Breakfast burrito meal with coffee. Not a tough one, and no special order.  When I get up to the window, the guy tells me they are out of hot coffee. WHA? It's 9am. However, he said they can give me an iced vanilla coffee instead. Sure, fine, whatever.  I hand over my debit card and what do you know, they are charging me to use it. Great. I am now paying 23% more because they are cheap-scates.  I get my bag of food and pull away, only to find out that I didn't get the meal.. I got a coffee and the burrito, but no hash brown sticks. BOO! Well, I am certainly not going back to try and explain myself, especially since I already scraped my tire trying to get closer to the window that is 5 feet away from the curb.  Oh, and to top it all off, the burrito and the coffee were gross.  No way, jose.
3 Del Taco is the best fast food taco place by far..this place blows Taco H(b)ell out of the water, and two Del Classic Chicken Burritos for 5 bucks. INSANE!!!!  So I had a craving the other night around 1:30 in the morning so I started to think outside the box...:) then I remembered!!! Read my reviews of Taco Bell for further explanation.   So Jack in the box's grease filled 99 cent tacos just didn't seem appealing to me. So I drove way out of my way to go to the nearest Del Taco. So I got the 2 Del classic Chicken burritos and two chicken soft taco's they were all delicious, and they also have these new jalapeno rings which are like onion rings except they are hot jalapenos they are so good. I am seriously hooked on these bad boys!!!  All in all Del Taco filled the void that was in my stomach. I really enjoyed this place would have to say this is more of like a 3 and a half star place though the do lose some stars because It took a while to make my order for a fast food joint and was still a bit pricey besides the 2 for 5 deal. Yelp needs a half a star system. I would say 3 1/2 stars!!
2 I used to like Del Taco but seriously? I heard the drive thru people having trouble because of the thick accent of the server and even though there was only one couple ahead of me, it took me ten minutes to get two tacos and a burrito. If I didn't have a coupon, I wouldn't have gone. I'll be throwing the other coupons in the trash. Just not worth the aggravation.
4 Let's see..... 89 cents at Taco Bell for a taco that has cheese like sprinkles on a cupcake, or a Baja soft taco that has FIVE pieces of tomato in it?   YOU MUST BE JOKING.  Compare your Baja soft taco to the picture sometime and feel free to yell at the counterperson. Yes this happened. Taco Bell should be sued for complete misprepresentation!!  MEANWHILE at Del Taco.....   39 cents for a balanced taco with a decent amount of cheese and delicious medium ("Scorcho") sauce --- THE CHOICE IS CLEAR. Plus the deluxe tacos are CHOCK FULL. I usually get 4 regular tacos and end with 2 deluxe ones. I've had the double cheeseburger once, nothing impressive there. It wants to be an In 'n' Out Double-Double, but it falls short, like when you were a kid and wanted Levi's 505's for Christmas and end up getting Sears jeans. Come for the cheap tacos and LOAD UP I SAY! The burritos are OK too.
1 Should have known right away to get out of here after drive through woman had to ask whether they use white or dark meat in their chicken burrito. She assured me it was all white, but she was all-wrong as a giant piece of thigh meat spliled out of the poorly constructed item upon opening. This was one nasty burrito that went untouched. Crinkle cut fries were goo reheated, but that's about it from this taco hell hole.
3 My absolute favorite thing was getting their large fries served in one of their large drink cups. I stopped eating here for a year and came back to large fries served in a regular bag now. I regret not taking more advantage of it while it was still around.
4 Came here for some tacos with my girls, that's what they were craving. I don't know why this location got so many low reviews, but as soon as we came in it was a good experience. Was immediately greeted. Tables were clean and had a basket of all the sauces they offer including ketchup! They took our order, and even took our tray of food to us when it was ready, we didn't wait long.  The bathrooms were decent and parking was easy since they had their own lot. The view while eating is people washing and vacuuming their cars at the car was next door. All in all a good food trip, for 50 cent tacos, we'll be back!
4 The only problem I've ever had here was they once gave me taco sauce hotter than I like. They always greet me with a friendly greeting at the speaker and the window. They've always gotten my order right. Good, fresh food. Can't pass up the Taco Tuesday deal.
3 Came here to grab a breakfast burrito. Wanted to know what was on the Steak and Potato burrito. Cashiers response "uh steak and potato, I don't know, I'm not a cook" wow really!!!?!? What if I had a food allergy and needed to know what was in it for that purpose? A better response would have been. "I don't know, let me find out for you" I guess I shouldn't expect great customer service from a young punk working a fast food window.
