3 I mostly go here for convenience.  Or I did, until I had a pedicure with Van.  He gave me an incredible long leg massage and his pedicure looked good until my nails grew out of it...no chipping at all, and during sandal season.  However, it has your typical strip mall ambience: nothing special.  AND, I took a couple of friends there one Sunday after brunch, and one of them had a very negative experience.  The tech didn't want to honor her request and seemingly talked smack about her in Vietnamese.  She started my friend's pedicure after the rest of our group, but finished first.  My friend was very unhappy.  I tend to make appointments with Van.  Also, they don't put tips on cards, so you need to bring cash for your tip.
4 I have been going to this place for about 8 years. I always make an appointment with Van. He is very detailed and methodical about doing nails. His pedicure is the best I have ever had, bar none. I have gone in with a migraine and after a pedicure, have left without one.  The general ambience of the place could be updated but they are very busy and the people keep coming. The price is very reasonable.
4 I love this place! Sally is the best!
5 I love this place! I have been going to Nu for years (literally, since I was 13) and I love her! She takes such perfect care of my nails, and she does everything you ask with no qualms about it. Sally, the owner, is a sweetheart, and all of the ladies (and Sally's brother!) all work incredibly hard to make everyone leave satisfied!
4 I headed over here today because 1) it was close to the house 2) They are open on a Sunday 3) I'm giving birth soon and NEEDED a pampering pedicure  This place is next to the Basha's and is pretty no frills.  They have the standard massage chairs and mine worded just fine.  Water was the right temperature.  The lady doing my pedicure asked if I wanted them trimmed short which is exactly what I needed since I don't know when I would be  back.  Pretty typical pedicure.  They do use a salt scrub briefly which is included in the price of the pedicure.  She filed my nails and scrubbed my feet well.  The foot and leg massage lasted a good amount of time and didn't seem rushed at all.  Polish was nice and even and looked like any pedicure I've gotten elsewhere.  I got just regular polish no design and the cost was $20 bucks.  There really wasn't much of a difference between this pedicure and ones I've gotten at "higher end" salons except for maybe having more options to customize your pedicure at other places.  Regardless, I would go back.  It's close, inexpensive and they do a good job.   I figure it will make a quick "momma time" escape once the baby gets here.
4 Emergency fill today and Thank the Gods!  There was a short wait (for a Saturday morning this is no surprise), my tech ("Lisa") was industrious, courteous and did GREAT work (nice and smooth, even, not thick bulky chopshop work).  Drawbacks MIGHT be that the polish selection wasn't as varied as I'd like but then I usually bring my own polish with me.    And no shade to park in within reasonable walking distance (it's summer in phoenix, this matters)  But otherwise very nice experience.  Thank you Lisa and Elle Nails.  PS - bring cash for tipping, they wont do it on your card.  ***Edit***  Went back for a fill, got a different girl, and lo and behold got the SAME QUALITY OF WORK!!!  This is my go-to nail salon from now on.    Ladies, I hope you read these.  Please don't let me down.
4 I've been here several times and have been completely satisfied with every visit.  It's a no frills kind of place in regard to their interior decorating.  Plain and simple even a little outdated, but they get the job done.  They offer all of your basic services for nails and even waxing although, I've only done regular manis and pedis.  I find that they really take the time to give a good foot & leg massage at no additional cost which is nice.  They also do a good job of scrubbing your feet and heels.  I've been to some places where they didn't put any elbow grease into it, but not these girls.  My friend gets gel every time and raves how their gels last longer compared to other nail salons in the area.  Tiffany gives a great pedi and Sally gives an awesome mani.  Every girl I've seen has been great, but those were the only two names I can remember.
5 Love this place.  Open 7 days a week.  See Vivian, she is awesome.  They have a ton of gel colors....
4 Really nice work here.  Manicures are $10 and each of the technicians does a great job.  Pedicures are $20 (maybe $25?) and some of the best I've had!   A few not great things:  -They really want you to be using cash---especially to tip.  If you don't have cash, they encourage you to come back with the tip after going to Bashas.  -Appointments, while available, aren't really honored.  That said, I also haven't ever had to wait more than 15 minutes, even on the busiest of Saturdays.
4 Needed a quick pedicure this morning and this was the perfect spot. They got me in right away and did a nice job. Nothing fancy but a good place to go when you need a cheap and quick pedi.
5 Cindy did a great manicure and pedicure. It is very reasonable and easy to walk in, or make an appointment. A no-frills kind of place that gives high quality service.
5 This is a really great salon for the price range.  All the girls were welcoming & fun.  The place was clean & I just walked right in.  Cindy did a great gel mani.  Exactly what I wanted & it's been hard to find a place in Phoenix!
5 Went in today based on Yelp reviews. I hate spending money on mani/pedis - especially because I usually am disappointed with the leg massage or cuticle trim. I figured this place was cheap enough not to care...  Holly welcomed me immediately. They were a little busy but had plenty of people working. She did a WONDERFUL job!! Great leg/foot massage with sea salt. She was just the right amount of talkative and so kind. She also did a great job on my nails - they look wonderful and are so cleaned up. She rubbed my arms all the way up to my shoulders. It was so relaxing and comfortable. I haven't had such a pleasant mani/pedi experience in a very long time.  Best of all, it was only $30 for a manicure and pedicure! Deal of the century. I will definitely be back :)
3 Not the best I've experienced but not horrible. The facts: I went on a Friday afternoon, got a gel French tip mani from Cindy, cost $30 I sat down by 12:35p & was out by 1:20p I paid cash so they didn't urge me to go next door to Basha's to get cash as I hear them say to other people  Cindy paid great attention to detail. I'm overall happy with my end product.  However, the place is just not what I'm used to. She reused her tools... Usually the tech opens a new set of tools (nail trimmer, file, cuticle trimmer) where I normally go.   I don't really like to talk when I get my nails done so the fact that she said maybe 3 sentences to me was fine.   Again, not horrible but nothing to brag about
5 A year later and they're still my go-to.  Had a nail emergency today and they fit me in a couple hours after I called.  My nails are gorgeous and I will stop cheating on them out of convenience after this.  I promise.  :)
