4 Labeled as a gay "health club" for bears and leather men and chasers that's opened 24/7.  It's basically a bathhouse that's has a gym, a steam room, showers, private rooms, lockers and other features and even a little store with sex-related products and clothing.  Hell, you can even get coffee here!
2 The ebb and flow of sexual energy and quality of the crowd notwithstanding, this place has its purposes, and is being kept reasonably clean. However, basic amenities such as usable mattresses and pillows and appropriately sized TVs in rooms are being neglected. The mattress and pillows in my room last night were so worn out and thin as to be useless. The TV was about a 18-20" monitor (roughly 1/2 the size it should have been), and half the time, there was no programming. They don't seem to have a system to keep the movies running, and you either watch a blue screen or the DVD menu for hours.  If word has gotten around about the uncomfortable accommodations, it's no wonder the place isn't more busy, which would certainly increase the chances for having fun here. Since it was slow, I tried to rest in my room, but there was no padding and it was very uncomfortable. They need new mattresses and pillows, and in double rooms, they need to use one mattress with one sheet. Otherwise, the whole thing just becomes separated and slides around.  Public areas are well maintained (though plagued by the same video system problem).  However, staff are sometimes surly, and use the showers to dump used mop buckets.  Kinda gross to wade through dirty soapy water when using the facilities.  Some careful management and expendable updating would go a long way here!
5 A friend and I recently got a room here (actually to work out and rest a bit)  We got back to the room and it was very warm, the air did not seem to be working.  I went and told the desk clerk I think his name was Chris , and at first he seemed hesitant in being able to help us (I think he was new), I went back a second time and Dave his co worker obviously made an executive decision and  totally turned a potentially bad situation into a very nice time. He upgraded our room to a MUCH nicer room that was A LOT cooler,  he restarted our time (we had already been there an hour) and  basically made sure we were pleased in every way.  I was somewhat shocked,  his customer service skills went  above and beyond  I mean....he charmed us!  It was a nice change compared to how they treat you at The Flex (they are terrible there)  I agree with the above review they should invest in new mattress sheets and pillows, but other than that it is a nice good old neighborhood place.....I recommend it.  Thanks DAVE and Chris.....
