4 Wow!  I just ran across the Phoenix VA Medical Center, sitting right here on Yelp, but no reviews.  What's up with that?¿?  There is so much talk about health care reform right now.  I get my news mainly from KFYI Radio, & as any of you who are listeners know, they spin everything to the political "right" on most of the weekday shows.  Since I'm a political moderate, I get highly annoyed with them, about half the time!  One thing I hear a lot is, "Can you imagine what it would be like if the GOVERNMENT tried to run a health care system?  They tell us we need the H1N1 flu shot, & then they're so inept you can't even get one!"  (Ironically, one of the SPONSORS of this last guy I heard saying EXACTLY THAT was selling H1N1 flu shots & saying they had plenty for everybody!)  Of course President Obama isn't proposing that the Government provide health care directly for anyone new, but here's what it's like when they do:  The VA Health Care System is 100% run by the U.S. Government.  I belong to it, & qualify because I did three tours of combat duty over in Vietnam, back in the days.  I got through it so I could be over here having fun on Yelp now, & making a nuisance of myself!  (Ok, I hope not.)  Over time, I have also belonged to several private health care providers through my employers, but I've been with the VA for most of the time, in various locations around the country.  It has been better for me than ANY OTHER health care provider, except for Kaiser Permanente, which was also very good, & about the same.  (Please, somebody who belongs to Kaiser, give them a review!  They have no Yelp listing at all right now, & they deserve your praise!)  Here's what it's like when the Government runs a healthcare system:  *  When I need an appointment, I call & usually get it within a few days.  Last time, they got me in the SAME DAY!  *  If I need care immediately, I can drop in.  The last time, I waited about 2 hours, since I didn't have an appointment.  (No, I wasn't bleeding or I would have gone right in!)  *  If I'm in Bumf***, Egypt & have an immediate emergency, I can get the paramedics to whisk me to the fastest help available, & the VA will pick up the cost until I can be transferred over to them.  *  Whenever I see my health care provider, I get 5-Star service & am not rushed or anything else negative.  *  In the unlikely event that I don't like my health care provider for any reason (gender, we just don't hit it off, or ?), I can be switched to another one, no problem.  I'm highly satisfied with my care in the VA Health Care System.  (So, why isn't it 5-Stars?)  Ok, sometimes it's hard to find a parking space.  That's the biggest gripe I can come up with.  Yeah for VA Medical Center, Phoenix!  They're good!
4 Everyone seems to have different views of the VA Medical system but I for one have always received quality care and this VA is no exception.   I like they they are at the tail end of a solar project that is putting panels over every parking spot in the lot, this (I am told) will power the entire VA building and save millions in power bills, plus the added benefit to having covered parking in the middle of July.   Speaking of parking... there isn't enough, so sometimes I have to park north of the VA in the veterans home/ park parking lot, they do have a guy in a golf cart shuttling people, but show up early, I have driven around for 15 minutes waiting for someone to pull out.
4 I am a member of Emerald Clinic and have received exceptional care from my Primary Care Physician(s) there.  Further, I use the cardiology clinic for routine exams and they have been overwhelmingly thorough and have delivered a high quality of care and concern.  My only problem with this VA medical center is the PARKING!  It is a nightmare to get in and out of there.  Since I have been using this VAMC the parking problem has gone from terrible to ridiculous and near impossible.  This definitely needs to change.  Overall, I'm glad for the benefit and feel very confident here.
5 I was pleasantly surprised with the Emergency room here. The staff was very friendly and got us in very quickly. Made a sucky experience less miserable!
2 Parking! Parking! Parking! What a nightmare! I have never found a spot inside their parking area. I always park at the Wendys across the street and walk over. As for the service I can't complain, they have always helped me out and been very nice. It does however take me awhile to get an appointment. Usually ranges between 7-10 business days. I have also never had anyone at my clinic ever pick up the phone. I have always left a message and they return it within 24-48 hours.
5 I absolutely love this hospital. Having been to several other military hospitals, this one has made most everything a breeze in comparison. Also when I tend my friends the things that happen during doctor's visits and the attention I receive from the doctor they are envious. Granted not all the doctor's here are exceptional, some seem to be and act like your a typical HMO doctor who doesn't care about their patient. Dr. Azhar though will actually discuss what she thinks the problem is, and if you offer an opinion on what you might think is causing it that differs from hers she will actually not only listen, but discuss why or why you may not be right and if it might be what you think do follow-up to help determine it. Really?!? how many doctors do that now days?? The catch is appointments may not always start on time, but who cares if that means patients are getting individual attention and get more than 2 minutes of the doctor's attention!
4 I have almost no complaints about this hospital and the associated clinics--doctors, nurses, and volunteers work tirelessly to make sure that veterans get the care that they need, and I am seen pretty frequently here, all for free.  They are also building a couple different new wings to make room for special programs and expansions of existing clinics, which is pretty awesome in my opinion.  Downfalls--the wait list for some types of care (primary care, other than critical, dental care, and one or two others) can stretch out several weeks.  And the parking...  Like the other reviewers here, that's pretty much what brings it down from five stars.  There is a pretty large parking lot but so many people are seen every day that it fills up FAST.  It's worse than Wal-Mart on Black Friday, honestly.  It seems as if they are still working on that, but it's what I dread the most about my visits--and that includes dental work and other unpleasant checkups.
3 good care but always a long wait - this time was 45 minutes past appointment time normally it is longer
3 Definitely needs work! But it is better than nothing.
1 I'm so glad other people have had decent experiences with the Emerald Clinic at the Phoenix VA, because that's not been my experience at all. 3 months trying to get a callback leaving multiple voicemails and still no response. I'm on hold now with the clinic number (referred by a patient advocate) and the line has been ringing for 17 minutes with no answer, no voicemail, nothing. Frankly this is a disgusting way to treat our vets. Better than nothing? Maybe.... (Make that 18 minutes....and counting)
2 10/23/13  At the VA facility today for long awaited appointments. Prior to departing I had the opportunity to visit the travel office. At the travel office I picked up a number(69) from the ticket machine, they overhead counter read 29! If this wasn't bad enough, two windows were open and one employee occupying the right window was actually sitting down at the service counter reading a NEWSPAPER, while literally dozens of vets were waiting patiently to be seen.  Are these the kind of employees the Phoenix VA have as support staff? God help us all.
1 Worst customer service ever!  Completely disgusted with the service received at this VA hospital...Operators blind transfer you to other departments that hang up on you...First time registering?  Expect to be put on a 3 to 6 month waiting list just to talk to someone to set up an appointment no matter how bad you need to see a DR..  Veterans DESERVE better than this!!
4 I think this hospital has improved in leaps and bounds. The parking still sucks here and gets worse with the snowbirds. Love that they installed solar but they still don't have them hooked up yet to generate electricity. They are getting better with service but like all hospitals avoid the emergency room as much as possible.
5 I have only praise and appreciation for each and every clinician I have ever come into contact with at my Phoenix VA and the West Valley clinic in Surprise. My Rheumatology Team has to be the most caring staff of people I have ever encountered. I was diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis 2 years ago, it was a shock to go from being healthy and active to being in unbearable pain. I was desperate for relief and so frightened about how to cope with this disease. With the help and caring of the people at the Phoenix VA, I think I've learned to adapt very well. It's a process and I'm getting stronger every day. I can't thank them enough !
1 Horrible. Been in the emergency waiting room for over 6 hours to be seen for difficulty breathing and chest pains. It's so frustrating.
1 Update....711pm and still sitting I the same chair.  Update two.....850pm. Just got called back!!!!! Yes.....but wait. Just to wait in another waiting room inside the ER.  Final update, left at 1130pm without any test results.  They said I can wait 3 more hours or they can call me later.    I chose to leave and they called me at 3am to give me my results.
3 It is what it is. Many of the employees here do try, but many don't. Like any other big government agency, there is too much bureaucracy, confusion and red tape to be even the least bit efficient. That said, there are some caregivers here though that really try to do their level best within a flawed system.
4 I saw a couple of my fellow Vets on TV yesterday, carping about the care we receive here and knew it was time to write an Update!  I've been receiving VERY GOOD health care in the VA System for most of the last 40 years.  (I had Kaiser HMO for a while, & it was very much the same.)  Now I can't speak for the guys who were on TV, but here's a typical experience of mine, here at the Phoenix hospital:  I called a little ahead (3 weeks ago?) to schedule a routine Colonoscopy.  Day before yesterday, a friend brought me up for the 8 AM appointment and I was seen immediately.  All of the six or so people involved in my treatment were very friendly, very professional, and I was in and out of there in about an hour and a half.  Treated to general anesthesia, my procedure was nearly painless and everything went PERFECTLY.    More often than not, this is how it has been for me both here at the Phoenix hospital and at the six other VA hospitals & clinics (Downtown L.A., San Fernando Valley, West L.A., Hesperia, CA, Loma Linda, CA and Richmond, VA) that I have been a patient of over the years.   I heard sarcastically asked on Fox "News," "Can you imagine what it would be like if the Government tried to run a hospital?"  Yes, I can imagine that...  It's a HIGH 4 STARS!     :-))
1 Lost my paperwork multiple times. Lost my DD214 which they were supposed to return after processing. Refused to take action on claim, until I had sent multiple letters to congress about claim.
1 I Hesitated to write this review on the Phoenix VA Hospital, but it should be said.  Last year I lived across the street from the NW Phoenix VA clinic.  I applied for care there, and was told I could not be seen there.  They were not taking new patients, as they had lost the services of several doctors.  I was told I might try the Phoenix VA Hospital.  I did and was given an appt almost 1 year from my call date.  My needs were not for a cold or a cut finger.  It was for Diabetes and I was told they could not see me sooner and that is how it was.  I felt something was strange with the entire experience.  I had to find private care, and even that was difficult in the area.  I could not retire in Arizona and the lack of health care was a big part of the reason, as I was going to need VA health care as I got older. Diabetes was not magically going away, it needed treatment.    They seemed to have no interest in seeing me.  I could not depend on that, so I have had to make other plans in life. I would not be able to retire in Arizona.    I think that is a shame in itself.  I realize everyone has a different experience, but I gave mine and it is a honest review of what happened to me in 2013.   I was so sorry to hear of the veterans that had died over these delays in care.  It is a disgrace but I am not surprised at all by this behavior in Phoenix.  They obviously are overwhelmed.  They need a 2nd hospital for one thing and a lot more staff.
