4 Great place to find inexpensive, gently used item for your infant and bigger child. From bedding, highchairs and excersaucers to clothes and shoes and toys. They have a 50/50 consignment plan ( cash or store credit) and will display everything for 90 days. If it doesn't sell you get all your non sold items back.  The new management that took over the business last February vamped the store up and it looks better and better and they are super friendly and always willing to help. Always had a great experience. They have a Facebook page too in which they list new item in pictures. Highly recommended.
5 Went here today to sell lots of winter 2T clothes, an excersaucer, a pack and play, as well as some mis.toys.  All gently used.  Very pleased with pleasant greeting and help.  Fun to trade old for old/new.  Very well organized.  Highly recommended over all other buy/sell baby shops in Phoenix.
2 Seems like they already lost their spirit. When you walk in, the owner doesn't look like she loves her job, but is an average hired employee. That after only one year of owning the business. One of the owner left and it seems she carried the spirit. They don't care about marketing. Their flyers that are send per e-mail are unfinished templates, have no appeal. They have a huge competitor down the street and I have found myself there more and more and started consigning there.  There FB page gets barely frequent attention. An occasional photo gets posted. I hope they pick it up and blow some fire in the business.  The concept is great, the people that own/work the business can make it fantastic.
4 Consignment store. My daughter had a bunch of clothes that she never wore and outgrown. We took it to Baby Bloomers to "sell." They took a sufficient amount - you have to really ask what they are looking for for that season for them to take it. Got a decent amount back - they do a 50% store credit or cash back. Their items are reasonably priced too. I'm pleased with this store and will continue bringing my daughter's gently used clothes here.
4 This is a great consignment store.  They are VERY friendly, always greet you as you come in and they have a great selection of things for sale at great prices.  I'm pretty sure you'll find something that suits your kids desires and/or needs.   I have yet to bring in any items to consign; but, will definitely be doing that next time I stop by!
4 Good selection on clothes, toys, and strollers.
5 Love this store!    -Not too much merchandise, you have a lot to sift through and it's well organized but you don't feel like you are drowning in stuff. -Friendly staff, helpful for sure.  We found a baby swing priced at $40 that the owner gave us for $15 because it appeared to be broken.  Got it home and after 30 minutes of my husband tinkering with it we had a working swing for $15!   -Great communication... I've been on the request list for certain items in the past and they've been great about calling when an item might fit my request -No attitudes or stuffy crowds here.  Just real people and mamas!
4 I was here today shopping for maternity clothes. It's a small place, but it's very organized and I did not feel claustrophobic like you can at some other places. The ladies were very helpful and also allowed me to bring in merchandise from another store so I could see if the tops I was purchasing went with it. They also have a bathroom easily accessible, which is necessary when shopping as an expecting mom or with children. There is also a little corner where moms can sit their kids down to play as they shop. Not sure if I would use it, but it is a nice option to have for those interested. I am so glad I came by and plan to visit again in the future! PS: Right now they have the cutest bathing suits for little ones, as well as patriotic clothes!
5 Just love this store and the staff! I always seem to make a new friend and get great deals in the process. Tons to choose from, a 7-day return policy with receipt and easy-to-maneuver compared to lots of consignment stores., I've sold lots of stuff there and it's always fun to shop and be able to use my credit. My kids beg to go there to see the fish, toys and books and I like the closed-in area for littler ones. Their wish list is terrific and has helped multiple times. I rarely need to shop at a regular retail store because I almost always find what I need. Have saved a fortune over the years. Mindy, the owner, works hard to make the store a great experience for customers.
