4 I lived there for a little over two years in one of their studio apartments, from 2009 to 2011. I had a great experience. Their office staff was always changing accept for the manager Arlen who was there the entire time. Any issue I ever had got addressed immediately. I really have NO complaints with my stay. And you really can't beat the location, you can easily walk to 2 grocery stores(Fry's or Trader Joes) or the theater.  I really loved my stay here and have nothing but good things to say about the Biltmore Club.
1 DO NOT RENT HERE!!  I have had only issue after issue in the year I have been here.  I move out on Sunday.  Thank Goodness!! I'm sitting here right now with no running water & as always the office is not returning my call. Last week the AC was not working for almost 5 days.  My apt was 100 degrees.   The office doesn't care & the maintenance crew is rude. I've had consistent issues since move in with plumbing, AC and inconsiderate neighbors. Stay far far away from this place!!!!!
1 Don't waste your money here. They love to find any reason to charge you extra fees. The front office is rude and doesn't ever return your phone calls or do what you ask them to do. They turn off the heat during summer months and turn off the AC in October even though its still in the 100s out. They had NO heat or AC almost the entire month of November and we still had to pay full rent. That is ILLEGAL. It was 105 and I had no AC, then it got down to 40 degrees at night and there was no heat so I had to keep my oven on to stay warm. I complained to the office and they just made up excuses to why they couldnt turn it on for a month. I was constantly having problems with losing hot water and water pressure. Ive had to call security there because neighbors were outside night after night fighting and hitting each ither and seciurity refused to come because they "dont deal with violence". are you kidding me?? whats the point of security?  I've never had such aggravations living at a place. I will never ever recommend this place to anyone. Worst experience ever.
5 AWESOME PLACE!  I have lived here for three years now.  If I ever have a concern, the leasing is on it ASAP, no joke.  Leasing agents treat you with respect and fix any concerns like, next-day-service.  Pretty quiet complex.  Sweet views.  20's-80's live here.  Gated with night security.  Always feel supersafe here and is literally right across the street from Whole Foods!  Love that place!!
