5 I was running late today and was in a panic. I was heading to a funeral- there are a few things you do not want to be late for, funeral is one of them. I stopped in at brake neck speeds and said "Give me whatever you got-" They rushed into the cooler and pulled a beautiful display of flowers forth- packaged them- put a beautiful bow around them- stuck to my budget- and had me out of there in under 5 minutes. They didn't even flinch. They saved the day- in style. I highly recommend this florist. Location 6041 N. 7th st.
5 Phoenix Flower Shop did a stellar job on our bridal flowers. Every item looked just  as I had described to the florist and we were even able to pick up a few loose stems at the last minute. Excellent!
5 I have used this shop several times simply for corsages and they have been helpful and patient each time even though I know it's a minor "job" for them and I always require a lot of suggestions.  Today I went and the flower color wasn't what I had ordered but they were happy to redo my order and made it look even more beautiful.  I appreciate their attention and recommend them wholeheartedly.
5 Extremely professional. Delivered a beautiful flower arrangement in a timely manner.  I will definitely use again and recommend to all! I did it all by phone. Described what I was looking for a voila-they were delivered in less than two hours.
5 Good Quality Flowers. My flowers have lasted longer than other regional commercial flower companies. I am the most pleased with Phoenix Flowers. The quality cant be beat! Also the customer service was great...Hope to see more from this company!
5 I'm not sure which location the arrangement came from but a beautiful bouquet was delivered to my parents house while I was there from the nicest man!! he said he was sorry for out loss and even made mention of a "grampa" bein a "big loss" which made me smile. then as he gave me a little hug he prayed a quick prayer and said his family would keep our family in their thoughts and prayers. I thought it was the nicest thing ever and so personal!!! thank u whoever u are!! and the bouquet that came from my moms wrk friends was gorgeous!!!
1 Looks like a great store, with reasonable prices - I wanted to get a bouquet primarily based on snapdragons.  I priced out what would be reasonable based on the listed prices, and was told that they have a 2.50 fee PER FLOWER to arrange (meaning take out of the container and wrap in paper) - more than doubling the cost.  I was ready to spend 90 bucks for 2 simple bouquets.    I have never experienced a flower shop do this.  Most of the time, I walk into a shop, state what I'd like and a price range l, and they would pick and choose for me, making a beautiful paper wrapped bouquet - and charge the per flower price listed.  The guy at this shop simply said "not going to happen" and walked away.  At least he could have been nicer.  Such a shame, it seemed to get good reviews, and is conveniently located.  *** turns out the picture I put up was of the wrong guy.  Trying to remove!
