1 Booked an appointment at Northlight Counseling a month ago, had my husband take the kids to preschool, arranged to be late to work, and navigated crazy Phoenix traffic for 60 minutes during rush hour only to have them tell me they made a mistake and didn't have me on their schedule. Now they can't get me in for another month! Ugh! I don't think I will be going back. They did apologize, but I will not risk having this happen again.  It's too bad because I had heard good things about Dr. Hicks.
1 Northlight, their front counter employees and their office manager seem to be more interested in getting your money than they are in getting you better. They are one of those companies who catch phrases are, "You owe us $____" and "Our policy is _____". I was actually starting to establish a good rapport with the providers I was working with, if they moved to a different company I would seek them out but never EVER again will I consider dealing with Northlight Counseling! In fact, Lindsey, the office manager was always extremely combative and added to my depression and during our last interaction actually suggested that I, "Find another company who's policies I approve of". In my opinion, that's not very sensitive handling of a patient who is in need of help with depression, anxiety and suicidal thoughts. I've been to numerous counseling places and have never been told to get lost before! I will miss working with Dr. Hicks, he is a very good psych and I will miss working with Dr. Davidson as well but when the office that is supposed to be helping you starts turning into the reason that you need to go there, it's time to get out.
1 I was very nervous about going to my appoinment- I'm new to therapy. I had an evening appointment and the front office was closed when I got there, so I started filling out my new patient paperwork just as a sign had instructed. There was a bell to ring for service but no one came when I rang it (three times over 40 minutes). As people (I assume they were other therapists) came out of offices, no one acknowledged me or returned my smile. I finally got someone to take my paperwork and continued to wait.   I got into my appointment about 15 minutes late. That happens and I don't fault anyone for that, but my appointment was also cut short. My therapist was disinterested in the entire shortened session. I was dressed pretty nicely but had exposed tattoos that seemed to bother her. She stared and seemed distracted, making me feel the need to explain to her that I was a good person more than once. Mind you, I was there for self esteem and anxiety issues, so feeling judged by an apathetic therapist was pretty unsettling. She didn't smile, she wasn't warm, and she wasn't encouraging.  After I left, I jokingly told someone that the therapy session helped in its own way because the woman I saw was so curt and unpleasant that it made me feel like a better person.
