4 I have lived here for almost 2 years and the apartment complex is wonderful. The front office is kind and will work with you on any financial problems. The foliage is great and it does not seem we are in Phoenix but out in the midwest or back East. The only negative things is there are so many stray cats and their waste and urine are everywhere and it does not seem that the owner takes this disgusting problem seriously. I love this apartment complex,  I use to love cats although this complex has turned me into a dog lover.
5 It's weird. I'm experiencing something I never have before. Towards the end of my work day I start thinking about going home. I'm not thinking about leaving work, rather actually going HOME. Fountains in the Green, I think I love you. At the very least I want to make out with you.   Hidden under a wild mass of green lies a unique apartment complex. The place is not new, what some might call 'historic.' The apartments are solid as hell. Not once have I been able to hear my neighbors through he walls.   The Good:  -A wide variety of floor plans  -The apartments are huge  -Office/maintenence staff rock  -Gigantic freaking courtyards for ground level units. Really, really big  -Utilities included (and basic cable). This saves a nice fat chunk of change during the summer  -The surrounding neighborhood is actually quite nice. It's relaxing to take the dog on a long walk through through.  -Did I mention a big ass courtyard?   The Not-so-Good:  -Due to the lush landscaping there are a fair number of roaches. Now, they spray and do a great job of it, but expect to pick at least a few dead roaches up each week. I have yet to find a live bug inside.  -Parking for residents is kind of tight, and big trucks seem to be strategically placed to make getting around corners difficult (I'm looking at you silver Titan!)  -If you're visiting a resident you park on the street. You can request a spot inside the grounds on an as needed basis.   The Bad:  -There is an evil ass striped cat that wears a pink collar. Don't be fooled by the collar, this cat is crazed and dogicidal. I've had this tabby terror stalk my enthusiastically stupid dog on more than one occasion. I'm a dog person, so I hate you, pink collared cat.   So yes, every day when I walk into my large apartment, a sense of peace comes over me. I'm home and I'm happy
5 I'm so happy to have my grandson and my son and daughter in law living here. We all love the shaded property which is so hard to find in the desert valley of Phoenix. The staff is very friendly and attentive to detail. Thanks for being an oasis in the driest state we have ever lived in!
