4 This place gets a little better every time I go there.   Normally, golf course restaurants serve overpriced wanna-be fancy food so they can sleep at night for charging you fourteen dollars for a glorified hot dog. Not here. You order a hot dog, and you get a hot dog, and a pretty good one, if I do say so myself.   They have some healthier offerings but none of it is pretentious or gives you the typical golf course food feeling. I have gone here for lunch a few times and it feels almost more like a sports bar where people just dress a little funny. Which, relatively speaking, is a good thing.
3 Our gracious host took us out-of-towners to breakfast at the country club.  The food and service was good. They offered typical breakfast fare at slightly elevated prices, but then again, we're on a golf course with a parking lot full of Jaguars, BMWs and a Lotus Elise (I think) and properties that are on the market for a whopping starting price of $12M!  The outdoor seating was perfect for a warm Phoenix morning.
2 Great fries but that was about it.   It's a club house restaurant that serves sandwiches and burgers and caters to the people there to golf on the course. The food wasn't spectacular. I had the turkey reuben and tried some of my friend's Adobe melt and it left me with me with a "meh" experience. I just figured for the price, $11 for a sandwich, that I should have a "yummy" experience.   I do like our server. She was nice enough to split the check for the large party we had and was honest about the guacamole. Apparently, its not so good there.   So if you ever end up lost on the greens at the Biltmore and end up at Adobe, just get the fries. That's about all I wanted to eat.
4 My husband and I met at this restaurant in April 2005 on the patio during a political fundraiser. We chose to get married on the day of our 6th anniversary and wanted to incorporate the location where we met, if at all possible. We decided to host our rehearsal dinner at the Adobe Restaurant. There has been some fluctuation and instability at the restaurant in recent years as ownership and staff has changed. We worked with Jim Gallen to get everything arranged. Jim worked with us to meet our budget while providing an incredible evening for our guests. The food was delicious, and the service was excellent. Our event was hosted privately on the patio and nothing could have been better. Thank you!
4 My husband and I live within walking distance to this restaurant.  It opens at 6:30a and they make a good breakfast.  We get creative and they're good with substitutions (try an Omelette with Goat Cheese, Mushrooms and Bacon).  They do have a new chef, and unfortunately, he decided to replace the bacon. They used to serve this AMAZING bacon (worth
5 I just had to revisit the site and let everyone know that the chef brought back the "good" bacon!   We stopped in yesterday for breakfast, and to watch the crowds arrive for the Arcadia Tavern golf outing (great crowd watching), and was pleasantly surprised with the return of the bacon.  Thank you Adobe Grill!
2 Menu selection disappointing. Cob salad was good though. Being named the Adobe restaurant i expected a couple tex-mex selections.  Nope, typical golf club restaurant.  Expected more from the Biltmore.  Bummer!
1 What a disappointment.  Terrible service, no bread until requested three times, bland unseasoned food and 16 bucks for a salad. Pass on this place. Only the valet was worthwhile.
5 If I could give them 10 stars I would!!!  I love everything about the adobe! Yum yum yum
2 Do not waste your money on this place.  We waited 20 minutes to get water to the table. Finally, two different busboys delivered sets of water glasses to the same talbe!  The bread/rolls never came at all.  Finally a waiter showed up, and without apology or explanation, asked us for our full orders (drinks and food). The food, when it eventually arrived was okay, but we needed to ask a couple of times for missing things.  We asked our waiter for example why the baked potatoes didn't have any butter with them.  He replied that the chef "always" melts butter on the potatoes.  We told him we were pretty darn sure there was no butter on these potatoes and it took him another 10 minutes to find us some butter pats. This is definitely one place worth skipping, even with the lovely patio and firepits.
4 Had a lunch meeting here which was a great experience... the service was great, food was good, price was ok and the location and view was nice.   This is a great place for lunch to relax and get away from the crazy city scene.
3 This place and I have a long relationship. I'm really fond of it. The venue is beautiful on the Biltmore golf course.   My mothers pancakes were beautiful, hot and tasty. My Cobb salad was prepared to perfection but lacking in flavor. Too they toss in carrots and red cabbage - I'm not sure why.   On a sunny day, it's a delight even with the carrots and red cabbage.
3 It's a club house at a Golf Course, exactly what you'd expect.  Traditional fare, mediocre execution, inflated prices, but with a great view of the course.
2 I obviously had low expectations going in. It is just a golf course burger shack, after all. The chicken sandwich with tomato, cheddar, avocado and bacon wasn't too bad at all. The fries are cut so thin that you must eat them immediately: extremely thin fries like this get cold very quickly and are thus inedible.  The service, surprisingly enough, was the low point. Our server literally showed us the bare minimum of courtesy, not even greeting us upon arrival. "Have you made your decision?" was the introduction. A very simple "Hello how are you?" would suffice.  It is obvious that this job is just a temporary one for the wait staff, and it shows.  You get what you expect: simple menu, simple food, simple service...nothing to keep you away, nothing to entice you to come back. Basically this destination is the place to be when you're done practicing your swing.
3 Not bad for a small restaurant on a golf course. My sandwich was done perfectly (Adobe melt), but I wasn't a big fan of the tiny fries. Service was below par though as one server was visibly annoyed by doing her job.
2 I never knew this place existed until today when a client asked to be taken here for lunch. He was an older guy, but I figured it would be good because I suggested Chelsea's Kitchen and he stayed on track wanting to go to this place.  Shortly after my whining tantrum caused purely by jealousy after driving through the Biltmore Estates we arrived at the restaurant. It is connected to the Golf Course but certainly isn't a "Biltmore" experience.  Obviously inexperienced wait staff (who did just fine, but a little awkward) and very limited menu. Just one side of one page with very normal stuff like burgers and turkey sandwiches.  I got a grilled chicken sandwich, by other two coworkers got sammies also. One a BBQ chicken and the other a burger. Our client got a turkey sandwich. ho hum..  Nothing to rave about. Several other older folks at tables. I'd say it was just fine for the price point but certainly not a place to go to unless you are hungry before or after a round and want a bite to eat. Considering the options in the area, I won't be back.
