5 Ok, I can't believe it's taken me this long to brag about my favorite nail salon! I've only been going here for like...14 years! They are always sweet, reasonable, CLEAN, quick and up to date on all the latest nail colors and trends.
5 I went here because I wanted to try a new salon and I'm glad I did. There was no wait time and the staff was very warm and friendly. I had a pedi and a full set, both look beautiful. It was $25 for a full set with gel and $21 for the pedi. I highly recommend Central Nail.
5 Went there for the first time today and left impressed. $30 for a mani pedi and the salon was clean and the staff was friendly.  I was looking for Lincoln Park After Dark in their OPI selection and found a bottle of the color that was almost empty and when I asked if it would still be OK to pick/use the bottle they promptly came up with a fresh new bottle. I picked a light pink shade for my mani and Hanna warned me it was very light and suggested another option but I insisted. After the color was on I found out what she meant...the color was very transparent. Transparency in color doesn't bother me but I thought it was nice that she tried to help.  While she was doing my mani and asking a few friendly questions Hanna discovered I was on my lunch break. Once she found out that information she asked how long I still had and made sure I was out on time. Even with her being sensitive to my time constraints I left with a great mani pedi that doesn't look rushed.  All in all a great find. I think I've finally found my nail salon of choice in central phx. Thank goodness!
5 First-time visitor despite living in the neighborhood forEVer. What a hidden gem! Walked right in, no wait (ok, it was Monday before lunch), and the manicurists were so sweet and pleasant. Not a massive collection of colors, but I found exactly what I wanted. They did a beautiful job (standard pedicure, for $18), with a nice long pumice-stone scrub-down, and I noticed the technician cleaning the basin directly afterward. Lovely employees, good hygiene, and an impeccable pedicure at SUCH a good price. Central Nails will be my new go-to pedi place!
2 These reviews are sort of confusing me.  I went there today and had a really great manicure and it was pretty cheap ($12).  However, next time you're there...I urge you to look at the floor by the pedicure chairs.  There is an enormous amount of toe-nail clippings.  Eew.
3 Let me start by saying that I really loved my white/pink acrylic fills. They did a fabulous job and they only charged me $19 which I find to be great for fills. However, as one other post commented I looked over by the pedicure chairs and there were nail clippings everywhere! Not just where one lady got up and they didn't have time to clean or something, looked like days of clippings. I am contemplating going back to get another fill because I was really happy with my nails but I would never ever get a pedicure here.
4 Home of the 40 minute pedicure. My boyfriend and I  went in this morning for pedicures. Place is a little hole-in-the-wall, but it's clean and service was very friendly. We loved the foot and leg massages and never felt rushed. Very relaxing. Only $18 for a pedicure and $12 for mani.
5 Simple, clean, great work on my pedicure.  I found this place on yelp (of course), and I sat in the chair looking around trying to figure out why it was different.  First, I noticed that all the customers seemed to know all the workers and vice versa.  Maybe it was just a nice neighborhood I thought.    I eventually got to talking with the person doing my pedi, Kim.  I told her I found the place on Yelp.  And I read her the reviews - so I asked who Hannah was - "over there" she said.  "She's my sister."  "In fact, we're all sisters."  Ohhhh this is different.  And then she told me they'd been open 15 years.  That's way different.  These are trained people.  BTW, I wrote this review months ago, but Yelp just told me I never finished it.  So here it is Yelpers.  I like it!
5 I went and got an acrylic set. I am very happy with the results. I was also very impressed with the cleanliness and the sterilization of tools.   There have been critical reviews regarding nail clippings on the floor. I asked the management about that. The issue was with the carpet and being unable to vacuum between every client.  They have removed the carpeting and have nice tiled floors. They seemed to be very clean to me! I will be going back. I am very pleased with my nails!
5 Very nice people and very well-done pedicure. Very reasonable! Will definitely be back!
5 Amazing! The ladies & gentleman were very professional & extremely skillful.  Would definitely come back here!
5 Stopped in here to get a mani/pedi after reading great reviews. It smelled like fresh bleach when I walked in and the place was very clean! Everyone there was very friendly and welcoming and I had a great experience. My manicurist spent a lot of time making sure my nails were perfect as I explained I was getting them done for a wedding. Fair price, great service and very clean!
5 So happy!  Just walked in, and someone was able to take me right away for an acrylic set.  My nails are nice and short and thin just like I asked for!  Nice polish job too!    Just moved to the area and I think I found my new nail spot!  Can't wait to come back for a pedicure soon :)   $25 for a GREAT acrylic set is nice!  Oh, and I was in and out in less than an hour....not too shabby for a full set.  Thanks Central Nails!
1 This place is gross. They did an okay job but the whole place smelled horrible and looked really dirty!   I don't know why the reviews are so high except for these people must have never gone to a clean nail salon!
5 Love this place! They are all very sweet! Reasonably priced. There is a review below with only one star, this place definitely deserves way more than one star! VERY Clean facility! Will definitely be going back.
5 I don't typically write reviews for anything, but this place rocks!! I went in for a full set of acrylics and walked out with the best looking nails Ive ever had..for only $20! I have been to a lot of different nail salons (both hole in the wall and ritzy snobby places) for acrylics and always ask for short and thin nails to make them look as "natural" as possible, but no one has got it right until now. I LOVE my nails and had a great experience here. I was the last customer at the end of the day, which happens often when I get my nails done, and I was not rushed at all. Suzie took her time and was so sweet!! The place was very clean, and as the last customer of the day I watched the thorough and efficient cleaning process at the end of the day. I will definitely be back and will refer my friends to Central Nails :)  Oh, and they have Christmas lights up...I was in Heaven!
5 I found this place on Yelp and read some of the reviews, I've been to a lot of different places that haven't gotten my nails the way I want them so I thought I'd give this place a try since it's really close to where I live.  I walked in and everybody greeted me with a warm smile and helped me right away. Suzie was the one to do my nails and she gave me exactly what I asked for (this has never happened before lol) I had an over lay done and a pretty simple polish done with a design on my ring finger. It's perfect! She was really nice and happy to help me. I think I just found my regular nail spot. I highly recommend this place.
5 I went in last night for a mani/pedi and Suzie and her staff were very friendly and professional.  I commute from the West side to Central Nails because I know Suzie will take care of me.  She has always done a fantastic job on my nails and does them the way I like them.  Suzie updated her salon and brought  in brand new pedi spa massage chairs!  They are wonderful.  Worried about cleanliness/germs? Don't be!  Suzie spares no expense and uses the special bowl liners for each pedicure.  The prices are very reasonable too.  Good quality service by friendly staff, in a clean environment and reasonable prices.
5 Suzy hooked it up! It's unfortunate that I didn't find her sooner. I rolled the dice and got "almond shaped" nails after always traditionally sticking with "square tip." Asked her to not scare me off with it. I also got pink acrylic for the first time and told her to not scare me off with that as well. I've seem wayyyy too many pink nail beds and it's tacky!   All in all, good convo, she knows what she's doing and has owned salons in LA.   I got a scalloped French and she couldn't have a steadier hand. Average pricing. $40 for a full set, gel, French tip, and pink acrylic.
5 Suzy did an awesome job! I went this saturday (3/1/2014) and got a gel manicure ($25) and gel polish on my toes ($15). She did an awesome job on both! I arrived at the store right when they opened and I was the only one for the whole time I was there. I will admit its a little tough to find since they only have a large "NAILS" sign and the "Central Nails" sign is in smaller writing on the window. I highly suggest Suzy for the conversation and the service! I will be returning :)
5 I dropped in based on reviews since I didn't have time to get my fill and pedi in Tucson earlier this week. Nice ladies with quick but detailed fill and pedi. I will come back if I'm in town. Nothing fancy, just a nice little nail shop.
4 If you're looking for an incredible deal on gel manicures, Susie, the owner, will probably pick you up and give you a hug. Susie is just too cute! I turned to Yelp looking for an inexpensive place to swap out my gel nails.   I had no idea there'd be a bit of comedic standup involved. Suzie is a master of ceremonies, keeping a sidesplitting running commentary between her clients and nail techs.   A gel mani runs $25. Removing the gel is free (provided you get your nails done at Central Nails). I scored big time with a Yelp check in offer of 10% off. There is no additional charge for using a credit/debit card. So my nails only cost twenty-two bucks! Heresy!  Other things to know... - If you just want to come in and have gel removed the charge is $5. - The salon is located in the Food City shopping center. - Walk-ins are welcome but note that appointments can be made. - There is a regular customer appreciation card. For every visit with services over $15 a stamp is collected. Ten stamps = $10 off of a service. - This isn't a full on spa experience. However, you will definitely enjoy your visit.  If you go, be sure to ask for Henry! He did a bomb diggity job with my nails. And (!) he's almost as funny as Susie.
4 I don't typically review on Yelp, but this had to be done. Stopped by today to get a gel manicure and was impressed with the customer service. I, too was looking around on here to see where I should stop by. After reading so many good reviews I figured why not. The reviews are right. Suzy did my nails and she's wonderful.   I did have to wait a bit since all of the staff were working on other customers. However, unlike others nail salons, Suzy was true to her wait time--30 mins. I waited only about 20. She also took into consideration that I had another appt to get to and was conscious of the time.   Overall amazing service and prices! I know I'll be back.  Bummed I didn't score a customer card that I've read about on here. I'll have to grab one next time!
1 Disappointed. Suzie was very rushed. About 10 minutes into my appointment another girl walked in for her appointment. Suzie sent her to go get her feet done in the meanwhile. This is the worst my nails have looked
5 I decided to stop in at random to get a mani/pedi based off the reviews on Yelp... GREAT EXPERIENCE!    Henry did my mani and finished it off with a beautiful gel polish. He was very kind and fun to deal with. Susie, who I believe is the owner, provided quite a bit of entertainment and had the whole salon laughing and feeling at ease. Fair price and great customer service... I am glad I took a chance on Central Nails and will definitely return!
4 I was a walk in.  They took me right in which I deeply appreciated. I loved my manicure! I don't wear acrylics and the last time I got a french polish the polish chipped the same day.  Little did I know that gels are the solution! Beautiful work! No chipping and looked great for two weeks. My nails grew out and still the polish looked great.  Will return soon to get a manicure!
5 This place is absolutely wonderful!  I called for an appointment and was scheduled for 30 mins later :) I walked in 10 mins early and was seated for my pedicure right away! I forgot to get the lady's name, but she was great and even managed my request of stars on my big toe :) Suzie did an amazing job with my white tip gel manicure, it's the best I've ever had!  With the 10% off for checking in on yelp it was decently priced. I will be back.
