4 I am rewriting this today because it sparked me when I received an email from their office confirming my appointment that is a week away. I doubted this place the first time I went there because it was a small business and their location is not very exciting.  Their office is very nice though, and the staff the second time around showed a very professional demeanor.  The Doctor even came in to inspect my teeth after the cleaning.  I was very happy that the hygienist took her time to get to know me, having a conversation with me even though I had paste in my mouth.  It's amazing how they can translate lol.  I got a goodie bag, which is always an extra star in my book!  They even give you the option to receive text messages for your appts and reminders.  I am absolutely satisfied with this place.  It only looses one star for the wait time.  My appt was at 2 and I was seen at about 220, not too bad. I have already referred two people and now I am referring you all.  And if you like it, you get a 25$ referral coupon that can redeem upon referring someone else.
5 I have been seeing Dr Milana and his staff now for about 3 years (amazing how fast it goes when you see them every six months). The first time I met them they were friendly, professional, and engaging. Each time I go in they continue to ask me something about our last conversation we had six months ago. The hygienist have all been gentle but yet aggressive towards the culprits that linger in my mouth and Dr Milana has always been very efficient, effective, and professional. He will always take a few minutes to chat and see how I am over all. They have now moved over to their new home on Indian School and it is gorgeous! Great space and great location! I appreciate everything they do for me and will continue to take all my teeth needs there :)
5 I love Dr. Milana and all of his staff. They are all professional; personable and make you feel comfortable ... well.. as comfortable as your gonna get or be ..HELLO! This is a dentist. WHO really says, 'Gee I can't wait to get drilled in the mouth!'... yeah. No. I even had a little coupon for a whitening kit for my first cleaning and xray visit. Love that. I am all about having whitey whites. After you run out of whitener, it's about $10 to fill the syringes for more whitener. I have nothing bad to say about the office or the staff at Arcadia Dentistry. They all take their time with you , the patient and never rush through what can be a stressful process.
5 I have been seeing Dr. Milana for about 7 years and have referred many friends. He is funny, kind, and very knowledgeable in his field. I found him thru his wife who I had once worked with. And I love them both!  The check-ups have always been enjoyable. He has replaced numerous old fillings and even put in a couple of crowns and I've never had a problem and little discomfort for those procedures. He has been advising me for the past 4 years when i have my check-ups to have my wisdom teeth removed as they weren't taken out when I was a teenager and now are beginning to cause issues. Well, I have put off doing it for all his time because I was afraid and had heard horror stories about this procedure in general. I finally had it done TODAY and it was SOOOO much easier than I thought it would be!! A complete non-issue. Cant believe i was so silly and put it off so long!! And that was all 4 wisdom teeth! I have NO swelling and so far , not even soreness.   Can't say enough good things about Dr. Milana and Kelly, his receptionist. Kelly is terrific! They will help you no matter what's wrong. His dental hygienists have always been terrific as well. And the office is easy to get to at 42nd & Indian school. They are easy to work with re: insurance. Go see them yourself!
