2 As my husband has been re-doing landscaping and building our courtyard, we've been here several times and are 0 for 4. Today's example: we looked at several samples of stone and went inside to see how much a bag of one type was. The response was that they don't carry bags, only 5 ton minimums plus a $95 delivery charge. Then, we asked about smallish boulders, like those we saw near the stone samples. They replied, "Yes, we have those, they are 10 cents a pound, but they are really heavy." So we asked about how much the small boulders (as in 2.5 feet or smaller) weighed or about how much they cost....and they had no idea. In fact it was almost like they didn't want us to buy anything. weird. It would have not been so bad, except this was our 4th trip there and they have nothing we needed or asked for, and didn't seem to be upset by that at all. We also went to another local place before resorting to Home Depot. sad :(
1 They don't seem to care about our business. They botched our delivery because they thought they didn't have the stones, even though they did.  They were rude, unhelpful, and about an hour and a half late.  They didn't think any of this was a problem.  We'll try one other local place. We have about $10k in landscaping lined up, but if the local guys are all this indifferent to small orders, I won't trust them with the large ones. Marvel certainly isn't getting a second chance.
1 Not happy with Marvel....have to agree that they don't care about their customers.  I ordered 10 tons of rocks and scheduled a 7am delivery time.  It is now 11:30am and they still aren't here.  I lost half a day of work and have been paying workers who have been standing around all morning because the materials aren't here.  Very frustrated with this place and will never use them again!
3 Great inventory and nice (but slow) counter staff.  The "boyz" in the yard have attitude. More fun driving the fork lifts than helping customers.  Time for some housekeeping, I think.
4 The guy behind the counter couldn't have been any nicer when i ordered 10 tons of rock to be delivered. I received a phone call around the time he said I should expect it. The driver called me prior to delivery, he dumped it where I asked him, and it was on time. Prices seemed to be fair and in-line.
2 Theses guys kind of suck. They sold me stuff I didn't need and the lady behind the desk doesn't know anything about the products.  I needed to return some extra material and there is no way to do it without a receipt.  It sucks when it's easier to go to Home Depot. I guess I need to find a new brickyard.
1 The employees here need some serious training. They have no concept of customer service. They also have supply chain issues (always out of product and never know when it is coming in). I have tried Marvel a few times and each time the experience got worse. Will never go back now.
5 Exceptional Service from start to finish.  I had a paver project that I decided to DIY.  Got a quote on materials, prices were reasonable.  Made a PO of that and made several changes before the delivery date.  All of my changes were accommodated with polite and professional responses.  On the day of delivery, I only had one problem.  I was given a window from 11-3 for delivery.  The driver called at 3:15 and said he was leaving.  Not a big problem but keep that in mind if you request material delivery.  Also, a couple of items were left out of the delivery and when I pointed them out to the driver, he said he would stop by with my items on his way home from work- which he did.  When I finished my project, I loaded up the excess materials and drove them back to Marvel.  They returned the pavers and refunded the cost and deposits no problem.  I'd like to say again how exceptionally professional everybody from the forklift driver in the lot to the cashier in the office was.  I would do business with this organization again in a heartbeat.
