1 Booo!   I can't stand Sprint. Not to go all "Consumer Reports" on Yelp, but my report is that Sprint is an unethical, slimey, seething parasite to our society.  They "fine print" you to death, so that before you know it your once manageable phone bill now has ballooned beyond your most pessimistic expectations.   They change phone plans, so that you can't switch up or down for anytime minutes without taking a serious hit.   On top of that, they make you renew your contract for two years every time you need to adjust your plan.   Nightmarish - that's the word I was reaching for.
2 Warning on Sprint:  Even if you pay the monthly handset insurance, they have engineered their policies to basically force you to purchase an upgrade and re-up your contract if you run into ANY hardware problem after the first year or so of ownership.  The insurance only covers a direct replacement. If your handset is even slightly out of date they will tell you to wait (phoneless) 3-5 days for the replacement to get to you.  Of course, you can always upgrade . . . for a fee.  . .   But if you have made the mistake in good conscience of taking the phone to a service center first and waiting an hour to see if your phone can be fixed, and then decide to upgrade while there, that's an $18 fee for trying to get it fixed in person rather than just putting in your ticket online and waiting 3-5 days.   When you call to complain, you will be told that the charges are "system generated" and thus can't be removed. I found that escalating to a manager (using keywords "cancel my account") and telling him/her that you have a system that will generate letters to the attorney general and your credit card company and there is NOTHING YOU CAN DO TO STOP IT tends to work. I got my $18 back and I strongly suggest everyone else do this as well. If you don't get what you want on the first call, call back. And again. And again.  These policies apply no matter which plan you are on, and no matter how long you have been with them, and no matter how much other business you represent as a corporate customer.  So why 2 stars? Because really all cell phone companies basically suck balls and have from day one. At least Sprint usually lets me connect.
5 iPhone 4S for 75.00!   Mom always said a smile will always get you in the door everything else is up to your ability to keep them entertained. That's how it is done. This is why I have been with Sprint for 11 years!  Love Ya!!!  Have an Amazing Day Everyone!!!
1 I have been with Sprint for around 10 years and have always received great customer service... until now. A few days ago my phone began shutting off after just a few minutes of use, even after being fully charged. So I brought it in to the 20th Street location and after uttering these words "My phone keeps shutting off and I'm not sure its the batte...." I was interrupted by the rep and told that I would have to leave my phone there for 24 hours while they ran diagnostics on it. Very inconvenient, but nothing else to do, so I agreed and was promptly hustled out the door. I returned the next day and was informed that my phone was in perfect working order! No problems at all. Okaaaaay... So I start looking my phone over and noticed that they didn't even do a factory reset (did they even run any tests at all?)  Then two minutes later lo and behold, my phone shuts down again in front of their eyes. After a few minutes of head-scratching they changed the battery ...the battery that they said was working perfectly just a few minutes before... and now it works again. My suggestion: Go to the Sprint store at 890 N 54th St., Chandler, AZ 85226. A bit of drive, but worth an hour of useful time as opposed to 24 hours of incompetence.
2 Well after nearly 20 years with Sprint I am leaving them for another carrier. I have always had great customer service and very little issues with my service or phones. With all that in mind though I am also tired of having to pay for services I don't get in the Phoenix market (which I am in 99% of the time) such as 4G. I also have found that I can get the extras I have to pay for with Sprint I can get from other carriers included within my plan. In addition to all of that the phone I wish to up grade to on Sprint I can get for less on another carrier without an upgrade discount. I had to way out the pros and cons and in the end I would rather pay the extra $12.00 a month and actually get what I am paying for. I had a lot of hope that Sprint would get it together but alas it does not seem that will happen in any foreseeable future.  Sorry for the 2 stars but that's all Sprint deserves anymore. If weren't for my long history with Sprint it would have been 1 star.
1 I realize that most people who need a phone usually don't check reviews on Yelp, but for those that do, stay away from this location. These people are trained to tell bald face lies in order to make sales. The reason I say trained is because I've seen a pattern with the employees. I was told in March of 2011 that I should buy a 4G Samsung 1 because 4G would be coming out any day. A year and 1/2 later I dropped the phone and cracked the scree and still on contract I told them I did not want an upgraded Samsung III if they weren't coming out of 4G anytime soon, the the next employee sounded like he was giving me the same sale pitch the first one did, that 4G was coming out, giving me that nudge to spend more money than I wanted to.  Also I was sold a Sprint MIFI and I was told you could go anywhere at anytime and connect to the internet. After about 6 visits to this location for tech support, we end up resetting the thing each time, but if I'm in the field, and since that's required every single time I use it, I might as well just use my phone for internet and save 10-15 minutes. I paid $100 of this Piece of cr..p thing and $37 per month and they flat out refuse to let me out of the contract.  I was being sarcastic when the manager after several tech support visits between my phones and MIFI asked me my name and I told him he should know it by now, and his response was that I should be thankful that at least someone was helping me.  It's damn near a monopoly, but not quite. There's still Verizon and T-Mobile, and god forbid running a business with Cricket, which is a small step down from Sprint.
