5 I have had this company to do work on my house, cut glass for picture frames, and replace windshields in my car.  They seem well run and organized.  If you need a new windshield, American Glass will do all your paperwork for you and come to your house or work or you can go to one of their locations.  You don't even have to contact your insurance company.   Less work for me and more time to do other things I rather be doing!  Your insurance company may tell you you have to use a certain company but I found out that isn't true. This company works with all the insurance companies through a computer system.  They leave your house or car clean when they are done-I can deal with that.  Their central Phoenix phone number is 602-957-9791, but they have other locations.   I should say that these people did one thing that really impressed me.  I went by to arrange a time to come in and have them replace my windshield.  My broken windshield wasn't the kind that had a dark strip across the top, something I think you absolutely need in AZ. I told them that kind was what I wanted it replaced with.  When their office person was ready to call and order it to be there when I came in, she double checked to be sure of the specific model of the year of the car was that I was driving.   Turns out they had made some change for that particular year and model,  I wouldn't have thought it would have made a difference.  It did.  I appreciated her diligence in making sure what she ordered was what I needed.  Also, their office was clean and they had up to date magazines in the waiting room.  A little thing, but very nice.
5 I'm glad when I can two or three years later say that I am still comfortable recommending a company like American Glass.    As I was pulling out of the emissions testing place with a friend's Alero, I started rolling the electric window up when it went woosh/clunk down into the door. It didn't come back up.  I went to the place I always go when I have any problem with glass.   When the service man determined what was wrong, he saved me money by sending me to Reilly's to get the part instead of a dealership.  They fixed it and I am a happy camper.
5 Getting a cracked windshield is never fun! Especially when it happens twice in 1 week! My cracks were beyond repair so I needed a new windshield. I called American Glass and everyone there was so nice and helpful.....stating with the receptionist, to the service advisor and the technician who came to my house and did the job. You can't find a better company in my opinion!
1 No communication skills at all.  My wife and I went in there to simply have a piece of glass cut in two and they said they didn't know when they could get to it... They had no clue if they could store it there until they could cut it, and they offered no options.  We went to Roadrunner Glass about 5 miles away and they were GREAT and less expensive!
