5 I have an addiction. Its going to the dentist office for routine cleaning. Nothing like Bill Murray's obsessed character, Arthur Denton, in Little Shop of Horrors though. LOL   Dr. Zacher has been my dentist since I was, goodness, 15 years old. I'm 31 now, so yeah, its been a long long time! With Denise being my hygienist since I was 15 as well.   Went yesterday for my regular 6 month cleaning. As usual, everything went fantastic and I was in and out of the chair in less than an hour. My parting gift of course was a new manual toothbrush (which i take even though I have a Sonicare), floss, and toothpaste. YAY!!!!   Had a few issues (cavities for the first time in a LONG time) back in March. I was NOT happy with that at all! But Dr. Zacher got me taken care of quickly and I am pleased with his work.   I always look forward to going to the dentist!    Say Aah! Aaaaaah! Now Spit!
1 AWFUL experience today...long story short, I am looking for a new dentist. I love our old one, but he's a little far from our house...so, I started by getting recommendations from my area parenting board (the best board EVER). From there I narrowed it down to 3 offices and despite my broken arm, took Truman in his Service Dog vest off to check them out in person. I had a fairly dreadful experience at Dr. Michael Zacher's office. For those of you that don't know, I am a disabled person with a service dog. He is a hypoallergenic poodle and extremely well behaved. I was instructed by Dr. Zacher's Office Manager Rhonda that my dog was not welcome in their office (which by the way is beautiful with tv's, comfy leather sofas and a children's play room). I explained to her that under federal law, a Service Animal cannot be denied access to a facility. And, that I have NEVER in all my time with him (going on 3 years) been asked to leave. I can assure you that I am a very pleasant, nice (even fun) person. Truman was nestled near my feet having a snooze while this happened. He was not in any way disruptive. She told me that she would ask Dr. Zacher. About 15 minutes later Rhonda called back and told me the 'there was not a good fit', and that I could not use Dr. Zacher for my dental needs. I am very upset at being treated in this manner. After all if I had come in with a cane, would I have been denied access? The only recourse I have is to report back to you here and ask you to consider this when making your choices.
1 I decided to let some time pass before writing a review, but I find that even though several months have passed I am still disappointed.  I find that I am still very hurt by the way we were treated by Dr. Zacher's office.  My husband had gone in for his regularly scheduled cleaning.  The office wanted to take x-rays.  My husband was not having any dental issues or problems.  He was in for a regular cleaning.  He is in the medical profession and has done a lot of research about the overuse of dental x-rays.  He asked that he not have x-rays taken on this visit.   Dr. Zacher and his staff said that they could not clean his teeth without the x-rays so they couldn't help him any further and he left the office without the cleaning.  We never heard anything further on this matter.  A couple of months after this incident our daughter fell and injured her tooth.  When we were checking out, Rhonda said that since my husband had walked out on his visit that we would have to pay for his visit that day.  The total was well over $300.  I was standing at the desk, while Rhonda was saying rather loudly that since my husband walked out we had to pay.  It was very embarrassing since there was a family friend in line behind me.  I was so humiliated.  I didn't know what to say so I paid the bill.  I later inquired of several friends in the medical field about the industry standard for no show fees.  The typical fee for a no show visit is about $30.  They had never sent us a bill for the visit, but rather waited until I was in the office to embarrass me on the spot.  We are a family with seven children, one in college, and they saw no problem with being unfair and gouging us for the visit.  I have no problem with paying a REASONABLE fee for the visit.  My husband was not asked to pay a cancellation fee when he left, and we were never sent a bill in the mail.  They took great joy in embarrassing me in front of a family friend after coming in for an emergency visit. I am just so sad that after years of using Dr. Zacher, they would take advantage of our family like that.
