3 When I was still a 'burbs baby working at the neighborhood mall - I thought Einstein's was the bomb.  I thought they had the best bagels in the world.  I thought it was sooo cool that I could get a salad and a coffee drink at the same time.  The one that was between my house and my mall had this awesome big solid wood table that could sit 6 easily and it was my favorite thing in the world to hang out at that table w/ my bagel, random coffee drink and the newspaper spread all over the place.    Here's the thing.  I didn't know any better.  I wasn't wrong to like what I liked - but I was wrong to think they were quite as great as they were.  What did I know about independent coffee shops?  I should have realized that the black and white photos all over the place were just as corporate as the faux-antique newspaper crap all over the inside of the neighborhood Subway.  But they were in frames and somehow that made them different.    As I've gone new places and tried new things, I've still occasionally eaten at an Einsteins.  Folks bring bagels into the office.  I'm looking for a better than drive through salad in a hurry and it's nearby.  And it's never been "bad".  Problem is, it hadn't been really great either.  It's fine.  It totally gives you what you order.  But nothing more.    I went to one recently and found that it's menu had again almost completely changed since I'd been in last.  I ordered a chicken sandwich and an iced tea.  I chose a Caesar salad as my side.  Salad = 1/1/2 stars.   Not good. Sandwich was 3 stars.  Totally just ok and nothing more.  Interesting flavor - but quickly forgettable.  I do like their green tea.  But for almost $9 for a sandwich and an iced tea I found myself thinking about how much better I could have done.    Bagels for the office - fine.  Go for it.  They'll even pre-cut them which I think is a great option.  And they almost always have my fav (pumpernickel) available which gives them bonus points.  But for lunch?  Unless you're really having a very specific craving that, for some bizarre reason, only they can fill - keep driving.
4 Thank God for Einstein's. The weekend morning blues are quickly abated by their creamy cheesy goodness. Bagels are often warm and fresh, especially on those weekend mornings when traffic at the store is heavy and turnover is high.   Compared with the real deal in NYC or even some of its independent counterparts around Phoenix, it can't keep up. But, purely for reasons of convenience and accessibility, these pretty good bagels and sandwiches are fantastic.
4 I like their coffee.  I believe it is some of the best for a corporate joint, but...  The quality of workers has declined since school started back up.  I hate to say it, but the black guy and the creepy-looking old guy just don't cut it, especially when there is no one there at 2 in the afternoon and they can't get my order of a single bagel with schmear right.  I'll wait until they get more help or school gets out again.  Edit: They have cleaned up service a bit.  Haven't had a single problem in several months.
3 Hooray for this place finally getting it's S*** together!  My husband and I have come here for some two years. We always stop buy before we hike the nearby Camelback Mountain. And each time, they screw something up. Usually, there's a huge line and, even though we ask for our bagels DOUBLE toasted, they fail to toast them AT ALL. Seriously. Every. Freaking.Time.  Last weekend, we can here. There was no line. And, lo and behold, they toasted our bagels perfectly. They put the right cream cheese on. And the bathrooms didn't smell. Awesome. Keep it up, Einstein's.
5 Get the asiago cheese bagel with sun-dried tomato cream cheese!!!!!!!!!
3 Agree with @Joel L. and everything he said... This goes for all the EBs I've been to!  There is nothing fantastic about EB. Decent? yes! Fantastic? Not so much. Overpriced? Absolutely! I do have to say though that I really like the whipped cream cheese. I'd probably give more stars if EVERYTHING was a bit cheaper....
3 Had a coupon for a free bagel and shmear from facebook so went in for my usual sun dried tomato bagel toasted with plain cream cheese.  I swallowed it down with a lemonade.  The bagels here are always pretty good and the breakfast sandwiches are good too.
4 Love that they have the dozen to go bagels ready and boxed.  Ran in and ran out and back to the office to feed the team!
2 This place has the worst coffee ever, and their mass produced and over priced bagels aren't much better. I spent $6 on a bagel, cream cheese, and a coffee. Nope, not worth it. Not at all. Especially since their coffee tastes like watered down crap.
1 Went in today for a bagel an cream cheese. I used to always get a sun dried tomato bagel and today I found out it's discontinued. :( I will not be coming back anymore.
2 I generally enjoy eating at Einstein's. It's a good tasting, quick, and fairly priced meal. The shmears are good, the bagels are fresh, and the sandwiches are filling. So, I must let you know this review applies only to this Einstein's.  I've come here quite a few times, but finally decided to write a review because I'm sick of the mistakes - it needs to be said. At any fast(ish) food restaurant, there is always an expectation of some mistakes being made on your food. But when those mistakes are continually made and cost you extra money...you start getting fed up.  I've had certain staff members screw up my order every time they make it. This is very frustrating, especially when you order cream-cheese (at something like $1.50 extra..which is kinda ridiculous in the first place) and you don't get it with your food, it's infuriating. When you often get your food to go, you don't realize until you reach your destination and it is too late by then. You always have to check your order after leaving Taco Bell, but I thought Einsteins was a little higher than that - apparently not this one.  However, there is one shining star - Cathrin. If everybody made your order as quickly or perfectly as her, this place would be getting a much higher rating from me.  So, if you are going to this location, I warn you. Some of the employees don't pay attention.
1 Einsteins in general has mediocre bagels at best, and their "schmears" appear to be highly processed.  I've generally given up on Einsteins all together because because their food has really taken a nose dive, as has the service.  I stopped by this location recently because I was driving by and in a hurry, and wanted a bagel (they're supposed be a bagel store after all!).  First, no salt bagels.  Aren't salt bagels one of the standards?  Second, I ordered my bagel with cream cheese (cream cheese being a $1.50 option) to go and that was my real mistake.  Whoever made the bagel didn't even manage to slice all the way through the bagel and put an amount of cream cheese approximately equivalent to a pat of butter on one-half of the bagel.  The other half was basically dry.  Unbelievable.  Needless to say, I was pretty annoyed when I got to work and opened up my bagel.  Stick to any of the local bagel joints like Chompies or Kashmans - they have much better bagels, and they will dump a brick of cream cheese on them for you.
3 I'm a big fan of Einstein Bros Bagels, and I'd probably visit every morning if one was a bit closer to my house. But when did it become so pricey? Einstein was an old college hangout, and I had very little money back then. So why is it that, now, when I'm a filthy rich public school teacher, breakfast here is emptying my wallet?
4 Looks like they have a new menu. The line is long at times. Service is fast once I was able to order.
3 Overall very average. The service was slow. We asked about our order and they had skipped right over it. The half and half is always empty and we typically need to ask for it to be filled. There seem to be a lot of people on staff but still very very slow.   Their prices seem high for the product that you receive.
2 Again, out of creamer for the coffee.
4 I am new to the area. And Einstein Bros is not in Cincinnati as far as I know. Before this I have only had it once in DC and liked it. But they have pretzel bagels. And pretzel bagels are my favorite kind. It takes the best of both worlds, the pretzel world and the bagel one. And I love their cream cheese. It is light and fluffy. Plus it actually fills me up. As far as service and other conditions of the place. Eh I never been too bothered to notice. The guy who takes my orders now remembers my name, which is a nice touch.
3 I just came in for an OJ and one of their fruit cups, I was in a deep craving of fruits and this was the closest spot to me that Thursday that offered such small craving to-go. The service was okay/good. Could have been better.
4 Great service staff, delicious bagels, and saliva inducing coffee aroma.  Easy to eat healthy here with the bagel thins and tons of veggies.
5 Easy parking, served immediately, enjoyed my bagel and tasty coffee, plenty of seating, and clean tables. No complaints.
4 Einstein is a great establishment and the bagels are great My last visit was a nice one as I stopped in for a light lunch The cashier was very friendly and helpful as I had a hard time making up my mind I ended up choosing the deli sandwich on a wheat bagel and I also got a fruit cup and some tea... My bagel sanny turned out to be very yummy and got a ton of likes on instagram :) It was very clean and just calm inside of Einstein on this lovely Sunday morning
1 My son likes to go there for poppers on the weekend.  His second choice is the chocolate chip coffee cake.  This is the second weekend in a row that they have been out of both.   The first time, I thought it was a fluke.  Two weekends in a row is a trend.  If you run out of something daily, make more of it.  Obviously, there's now more of a demand for both of these.  You can make more of them to meet the demand or don't and demand will go down from people like me not coming back to your store.  Dunkin Doughnuts, here we come again!
2 Ordered their new Turkey Cranberry panini without bacon, and I got one spinach leaf, a dab of cranberry sauce and a mediocre turkey lunch meat slice for $8... Not worth it. Very disappointed. Good orange juice though.
1 I LOVE Einstein bagels. A LOT. Bet bagels I have had. We live right by this location and go there often but today was my last time I will go to this specific one. It is so dirty. I will give them a break that yes it was Presidents' Day so they were probably busy ... But there was trash on every table, all over the floor, the coffee bar area was disgusting, and the last straw was the gross bathroom. You can tell it had not been cleaned in months. There was so much grime on the sink and the paper towel dispenser I was majorly grossed out. It makes me wonder how clean the kitchen area really was. My order was wrong which Happens no big deal... On top of that I have never had good customer service there- next time I will drive the extra 10 minutes out of my way to the location on Tatum and shea's- they're always friendly and it's very clean there.
5 Very nice store!! This is the largest Einstein's I've been too and I really like it! There is plenty of room to wait for your food and also to dine in. Food was amazing as always. The staff were very nice and friendly and the store itself was very clean. This is the closest Einstein's to me and I will absolutely visit again!
5 This store is in a great location.  They do a good job moving the customers through the line.  Each time I have ordered the food has been great. Very good quick and affordable breakfast place.
4 This Einsteins is always kicking. They do a good job of getting through the lines that happen prior to 10. The manager is very present and interacts with the customers frequently. They offer free wifi and don't mind if you hang out for awhile. The only opportunity would be cleaning. It is not always kept up after the morning rush.
2 Girl at front counter was in a very bad mood didn't even say hi....  dirty and rude.. last time I'm coming here
5 My daughter and I had a yummy breakfast. Fast service. Coffee is delicious. Bagel skinny sandwiches were good.
1 I went there last week for breakfast. I left with a burnt bagels and a watered down latte. The employees don't take any pride in their product. I sent my comments into corporate and they didn't reply. Overall no body cares. They've lost a customer. I would recommend either Starbucks which is across the street or Wildflower Bakery. I always get great service and good food at both locations.
1 I waited 20 minutes for my asiago bagel and I was the only one in the dining area  but they forgot about it and burned my bagel. Service is terrible.
1 .
