2 My girlfriend moved in here 1 year ago. Within the first week, the a/c was leaking. Several repair request were made throughout the year. It was fixed but only for a few days. This has been a reocurring problem.We called yet Again on Thur. About the leak. They came out tix fix it. It did not leak for the rest of Thur. However, by Friday morning it was leaking again. She called to have it repaired. They said it would be taken care of. Another conversation was had that afternoon. They stated that a part had to be ordered and would be repaired by Tues. We returned home from our weekend away Sun. afternoon to an apartment with no a/c. Remember that this is one of the hottest months of the year in Phoenix being 107° outside. Who knows what the temp was inside? Another call  was made. It was so unbearable to be in there. No cooking, sleeping or any other things were able to be done. Monday comes. Anther call was made. The manager said "you were not told about the portable     a/c unit we have available.?" Nope! They had it in there that afternoon. It barley cooled the bedroom which we were confined to. I get there while my girlfriend is still at work about 5pm. Still no a/c! She called again. They said"It was repaired". There was no notice or any sign of anyone being there and the portable unit still in the room. Within 5 minutes they came and turned the breaker on. On Friday the repair man told us that we need to leave it off so no more damage to the unit is caused. We listened to him. They could have left a repair notice and or turned the breaker and thet unit back on.
4 I like the apartment complex. I've lived here 6 months and have no big complaints.  The grounds are kept really nice and it is safe and clean. The units are spacious the updated apartments are really nice. The only negative I would say is the lack of parking or small spaces assigned. Neighbors are nice and it is quiet. I wouldn't pass up on looking here for a good and centrally located place to live.
1 My registration tags expired July 31st so they were 1 month overdue. 1 month overdue and within 72 hours they had it towed from my parking spot. It is really really aggressive and unnecessary to hastily tow my car parked in MY assigned spot. The management staff and management company Lincoln Properties do not care about their residents. They explained it was company policy and would do it again.
1 I HATE this complex! The management staff is very rude and treat residents like crap. Do yourself and find another place in the area. This place is a ripoff and overall pain. There's plenty of nice condos in the area just check padmapper or zillow. Save yourself and stay away!!!!!
4 I lived here for 5 years until recently. Decent pricing for the neighborhood. Moved to another apartment in the complex when they weren't renewing leases so they could remodel. The new apartment was awesome! It had great upgrades and made me realize what crap out old unit was.  Unfortunately our new neighbor was a raging alcoholic and chain smoker. Ended up breaking my lease early so I wouldn't get lung cancer or the same drinking problem just to sleep with all his noise.  They have two nice pools and a dog friendlyish park right next door. The office staff, especially Adriana, have always been really helpful, friendly, and professional. If I had to live in an apartment again, which I never intend on doing, it would be the Palms. That is if my old neighbor has succumb to cirrhosis of the liver by then.
