1 I walked into this nail salon hoping for a quick and decent manicure pedicure.  My nail technician, Cathy, was very sweet--however she rushed through everything.  She squirted cuticle remover all over my dress, slobbed it onto my hands and feet and never completely rinsed it off.  She didn't even bother with a top coat on my pedicure.  Her tools were kept all jumbled together in a dirty plastic container--not once did I see her put anything into a disinfectant.  The woman next to me finished with her pedicure and they simply drained the bowl --nobody scrubbed it, or even rinsed it.   I also thought they had a poor color selection at this place.  All outdated OPI shades.  I wouldn't come here again.
2 I was whisked away to Phoenix with a few hours notice for work. I am from the SF bay area and have a wonderful brow waxer.  I have to book way in advance since we both have busy schedules and now that I moved I have to travel farther to see her.   Anyways I couldn't make my much needed appt with my regular waxer so I've been scoping out eyebrows in phoenix and if I like their shape I would try to get recommendations. Well the front desk person had some really nice eyebrows and she recommended this place.  She said they were only good for eyebrows and don't ever go there for a pedicure. They charge too much according to her.    So I go in to see Leah (the person that my hotel person recommended) and she takes me out back to this little room. The room looks very comfortable with butterflies on the mesh thing connected to the ceiling. It looks very clean. Leah excuses herself and says she's going to go wash her hands...I like cleanliness...however she returns in like 3 seconds. ummm did you use soap?  So anyways, I'm hoping this Leah person would work wonders but I'm not impressed. I could just be used to my regular waxer but when Leah waxes, I guess it's ok. When she would pluck some strays she didn't really get them. In a couple of days I had to pluck some hairs myself.  The shape wasn't all that either...and lemme tell you that my brows were really bushy.   All in all I wasn't too impressed. I only paid $10 so whatever...I just can't wait to see my regular waxer in the bay.    Oh yeah, she kept pushing other things on me like "make sure you ask to see me for your pedicure or your next brow wax"...I don't like that.
1 If I could give this place negative stars, I would.    This place sucked.  All-around.  The only positive note I have is they had the most recent US Weekly.  Let me start from the beginning...  I went here b/c I was driving home from work and decided that it had been at least 5 days since my last pedicure, my co-workers were extra bitchy today and I deserved 25 minutes of pampering.  So I stopped when I saw the first nail salon.  This strategy works 9/10, so don't fault me for that, trust me, it works.  I walk in and they get me in right away.  I pick my color and sit down.  No massaging chair, no magazines (I had to ask for one) and nowhere to put my purse.  Whatever.  So, the girl comes along and does my pedicure...it's fine, not great, but not awful.  I was rather annoyed that she didn't even dry off my legs and just slapped on some cream.  Cream + watery legs = awkwardness in my opinion.  So, I'm heavily involved in reading my updates on The Jersey Shore and Brangelina when I happen to glance down and she's painting a white flower on my toes.  What?  No.  No, no no.  I do not want a flower.  So I made her take it off and re-paint my big toes.  Who does that?  You ask before you put something so painfully feminine on my feet.  Seriously.  Now, this is where things take a turn for the worse.  I go to pay.  And let me tell you, I haven't paid more than $30 for a pedicure in this town...EVER.  So, they tell me it's going to be $45.  WHAT?  Was that OPI nailpolish made of gold?  Did I just blackout?  Whatever, I move on...nothing I can do now. I hand her my credit card.  She says "no credit card, use ATM in the corner."  Uh, what?  So I realize they don't take credit cards or checks.  I have to go withdrawl cash from their mother f^$*^%& ATM machine in the corner that charges me $5 (on top of whatever my bank will charge me) so I can pay for my terrible pedicure.    This place stinks...there's way too  much competition out there to charge and treat customers like this...DO NOT GO HERE.  Drive down 50 more feet for another salon.
1 I went here on a Sunday afternoon at 1 PM to get a mani pedi before a trip.  I was promptly seated in a chair and then forgotten about for 30 minutes.  I am all about letting my feet soak but 30 minutes?  I was a prune by the time my nail tech got to me.  There were around 8 nail techs in the salon but they were all focused on 2 ladies and their 6 kids to wait on anyone else.  When my tech finally got to me, my pedicure lasted 15 minutes from start to final polish.  My tech didn't realize I wanted a manicure as well and took off to the next client.  I had to flag him back down and got a 5 min manicure.  He did do a great job on my buff but my cuticles were ragged and it was very haphazard.  They also only accept cash but have an ATM in the store incase all you have is a debit card.  The place was clean and had a lot of polish choices but definitely lacked on customer service.  If you are busy, take down my name and I will happily come back in an hour when you aren't as busy, don't let me sit with my feet in a bath for a half hour while you do polish changes on 5 yr olds.
1 The most horrible pedi ever and it cost me $45 because I sat in the" special massage chair" wtf why didn't they inform me when I sat it their f^*&% special piece of crap chair. The pedei lasted 15 minutes and it looked horrible......very sloppy looking. I had my nails done there a couple of years ago and they were yellow! I should have known better but I was right by there so I went. My suggestion is to never step foot in this rat hole of a" business" the people and service suck. I give it negative 5 stars. Go to andys down the street, I've been going for years and they aren't expensive.
5 i cannot believe the 1 star reviews of this hidden gem.  for a five star experience, ask for candi. she is a sweerheart!  candi also gives the best $10 eye brow wax and $55 one-hour facial of your life!  5 stars for candi!
1 I was feeling eager for a gel manicure since I had just taken off my false acrylic nails. They looked awful.   It was Saturday and felt the need to relax so I decided on a pedicure as well. I chose this place since it is close to my boyfriends house.   I walked in and was greeted right away. For a weekend, it was not packed at all. In fact, they were over staffed.  I was rushed to the pedicure chair. A man was assigned to my nails and a woman to my feet. What for? I mean, I wasn't in a rush and there was plenty of staff on duty. I was being small talked... like "oh my gosh you so beautiful" blah blah.. you know!  I swear I wasn't even there for 20 minutes.. That was the fastest pedicure and gel manicure ever in my entire life! Let alone the quicket $52 ever spent. And, I mean my pedicure was super basic and so was the quality of my gel manicure.  Oh, and btw! They only take cash! They have an ATM in the salon. Smart, right?   Never again will I step foot in this shop. Bummer
4 It was the night before my daughter's wedding and she wanted to get her nails done and wanted a shop near her house, so we headed off to For Nails Only.  What a cute shop and everyone is so very friendly, great customer service and didn't feel pressured to buy services didn't want.    I wound up getting a pedicure with a design on the toes, that's just how I am, gotta bling the toes!  The pedicure was great, the design was super cute!  If I am in the area in again and in need of a pedicure, you bet I will be stopping here!  Oh also its a cash only place, but they do have an atm in the shop
3 I stopped by here the other day for a quick manicure.  While the tech was nice and quick about the manicure (Baby C was at home with his daddy...wanted to make it home to feed baby C)....I was thrown by the CASH ONLY policy.     I was not made aware of the CASH ONLY policy until AFTER my manicure had been finished.  So instead of using the ATM there in the nail place, I walked to Frys to use the Wells Fargo ATM.    If I'm ever lazy again and not wanting to do my own manicure, I guess I'll hit this place up again...and bring CASH.
4 Very nice staff, welcomed us immediately. I don't mind the cash only policy, but I can understand the frustration if you weren't aware of it prior to going. As for the work on my manicure, very well done :D helped me pick a color that I liked better than what I had originally chosen. Didn't mind fixing things that I found and even after I messed up a nail, she fixed it right then and there. Will be coming back!
4 Gave me what I asked for. Didn't try to upsale too much. Staff was polite, not overly friendly. Decent massage. Price average. Would go back.
2 The first time I went, I was impressed by the service.  I was looking for a place to park my bike, and one of the employees invited me to leave it inside the shop.  I was treated very well, it wasn't anything fancy, but the wax was just fine.  The second time I went, I wasn't happy with the wax results and the environment was not especially clean.  Not going back.
4 I have been coming here about 7 months now and haven't had any issues with them. Staff is friendly and polite. I go every other week and my nails always look nice. I don't mind the cash only policy, certainly not a deal breaker.
3 Overly priced :/ they do not clean under nails. Very nice workers though. Great customer service. ;)
5 Of all nail salons I've been to, this has become my "go to" place. Sean, in particular, has made various visits well worth my  time and money. The customer service is welcoming without the overwhelming, overbearing up-sale I've encountered elsewhere. Furthermore, I sincerely enjoy how they reference your name each visit, as if they've genuinely been anticipating your next arrival. Aside from the charisma, each acrylic set I've had has had perfect shape and elegance, without the heaviness my fingertips usually experience at other salons. Aside from nail sets, they do a great wax job as well! Previous reviews I've read remarked on their pricing. I feel that the prices are reasonable, given that this is more than just "work", but "artwork". They do have a "cash only" policy and I can understand the aggravation if one was not informed of this prior to their visit. However, I being the easy-going person that I am, don't mind taking extra time from my day to walk to the back of the store where their ATM is located, simply because this place knows pampering at it's finest. I reccomend scheduling an appointment with Sean to receive the full experience.
3 I went to this place last weekend for a pedicure and although the staff was very friendly and competent, I was disappointed. I was wanting a relaxing experience, but I felt like it was rushed the whole time, and I was lifting this foot up, putting that foot down, rinsing, polishing, bam, bam. bam. It would have been perfect if it was billed and priced as an Express Pedicure. As a spa pedicure with extra scrub, I expected more than a 15 minute in and out rush service at full price plus. In all fairness, they were busy, but I would have rather been told I would have to wait or have to schedule an appointment.
3 Ive been a regular at this place for a couple of years now, they do a good job and the people are overly nice mostly to try and charge you as much as they can. It didnt bother me before but the last two times i went and got manicures for me and my mom we left with a 147 dollar bill.? Why and how i dont know. I would only go here to get something sparkly because they have loose powder and it looks amazing at the end.
