1 I defy anyone to find a civil, knowledgeable human being who works in this place. I'd rather be stuck in Newark Airport than shop here.
4 Most of us know what a shimmy is. Right? Upper torso, moving quickly back and forth, usually in a dance number. Hopefully a hot chick with equally hot boobies. Yes, I said boobies. Sure sign of my gayness. But a shim? How many of you know what a shim is? Hmmm? A shim is a small wooden plank I use to steady a wobbly table. And I looked high and low for these babies. Finally, I found them at Home Depot. Now, I have to agree with Calamari F. , navigating construction riddled Central Avenue is easier than getting in, finding a parking spot, and getting out of this disastrous slab of asphalt. Employees have always been helpful. I also get Velcro straps to tie back drapes here. Two teeny tiny little items in a massive sea of plywood, glass and doors and Delores (yes, she had a tool belt and mullet. Really. ) was able to find them quickly. I still prefer Ace Hardware. But Home Depot came through and steadied and neatened my world.
2 I come here all the time and I think this is the poorest quality HD I've been to in the valley.    Ask someone for help and 99% of the time you hear "This isn't my area I can't help you".  Why don't they just put that phrase on the buttons they wear?  Yeah they have just about everything for your fixer upper projects around the house, but the service blows.
4 Once I was afraid, I was petrified... But now that I am officially a home owner, Home Depot has become my best friend!!   I see some complaints about the helpfulness of the employees, but every time I have been to this location everyone is nice and helpful. I knew nothing about paint and the gentlemen working the paint counter helped explain the type of roller I would need for the bricks vs. drywall and also explained about primers.  I find the prices here to be pretty reasonable and they do price matching. I'm sure that is something every HD does, though.  I am also really pleased that they are open until 10pm during the week. I was watching HGTV last night and got the overwhelming desire to go to Home Depot, but it was after 8pm and I was afraid I missed my chance. NOPE! Thanks to the auto attendant I was pleasantly informed that I could come look at doors and grills and shower heads and flowers until 10pm!  I'm sure I will see you in a few days, HD!
1 i love home depot. and i am there very often.  everybody at this location and every location i have gone to is always a little too helpful/bothersome... and more so, if i am there solo.  BUT, avoid this location if you're looking for any type of cutting services for lumber. there machine has been broken since october.
4 home depot has contacted me and i was told the lumber cutting equipment is back in working order..  i cannot confirm this, but i hope it is, as this is the home depot closest to my flat!
1 I think the service at Lowe's is consistently so much better then Home Depot, but this Home Depot is the closest home improvement store to where I live.  I went in today asking if they had free standing fans.  The women pointed at one type of box fan on an end cap.  I asked her if there were any others and her response was, "No, it is August, what do you expect?  You should have bought one in June." You know what i expect?  I expect a store to stock the things they sell, and not give me attitude when they don't have what I need, but I guess that is to much to ask of Home Depot.
4 Well half of going to the depot is knowing who you're talking to...  I go to HD, usually this location, about as often as most yelpers go to restaurants. And like the names of restauranteers, bartenders, and servers that I so often see dropped around here...I could drop the names of those at HD that would NEVER tell me "that is not my area."   Seriously I've been coming for years I feel like I have known "generations of employees"  and a large percentage have been awesome, the rest are average...I have never had one employee be rude to me, but maybe that is because I do not enter the conversation like an ass.  Which brings me to the other half of a successful trip to HD.  Knowing what you're talking about.  Since most yelpers enter hardware stores about as much as they wash their car I completely understand that you might not have the first half...but if you ask your questions with  1) Humility and Honesty - if you act like you know it all why would they think they need to go out of their way to help you.  2) Realistic Expectations - They are knowledgeable of their products, not of your project or thought process.  The only way they can help find you a solution is if you can explain the problem and what you are looking for in an end result.  This store in particular seems to have a better selection of building materials than other HDs in central Phoenix.  However as one would expect with no Lowes nearby to compete with its selection of Home Finishings is fairly limited.   Lets all remember it is a corporation...so you know I'd love to go else where.  My favorite local alternatives are Evergreen Hardware and Heldt Lumber but these have limited hours and selection, so that brings back to HD regularly.  OK I'll drop those names...special thanks to: John (that use to work in tool rentals) David (in plumbing) Sam (that use to work in flooring) The Steves (mostly in building materials but i seem to find helpful new ones all the time) Wendell (in paint) Casey (who works a little all over but mans the self checkout regularly) Dawn (who later replaced John) and several others you always make my visits enjoyable.
5 normally, i love/hate going to the home depot. everytime i go, i get so many ideas of what i want to do to my home and yard, buy a bunch of stuff, then spend the next 8 weekends cursing wildly in the yard for starting yet another project.   also, going to home depot has always been stressful. i pretty much know how to do most anything, but i still need help finding the right pieces and parts (because i often overlook small details like measurements and sizes and thus wind up going back several times to get the right thing). it would be so much easier if a depot employee would just help me out a little.   well, this time i got lucky. gardening. not a strong suit but i'm tenacious and damnit, i will get it to grow one way or the other. still, this time, i didn't need help with my choices, but while loading a bag of sand into the truck, those darn paper bags...one of them burst. luckily Gabriel, one of the associates in the garden center must have overheard my F-bomb and came out with a shovel and broom. he first offered to go get me another bag, but it was my fault, so i would've felt guilty. when i declined, he helped me refill the bag almost down to the very last grain, duct taped the hell out of it, and all of it with a smile.   i'll have to change my regular depot to this one if that's the kind of service they offer!
4 As of late part of my Saturday morning ritual has been to stop off at Home Depot. I have a decent sized back yard that was just screaming for a few upgrades.   My first trip I was in search of a gas grill. The associate that was helping me was super enthusiastic! She totally got in to the hunt for the perfect grill. She was also kind enough to help me carry my treasure trove to the return counter for checkout, since I was parked on that end of the lot. The customer service was excellent.   For the past several weekends I've needed odds and ends for the container garden I've begun. The potting soil, plants and pots are all very reasonably priced. Another win for me is that the three plants I bought at Home Depot (cucumber, Thai chili and habenero) are alive and flourishing. Anyone that has ever bought a plant from a big box retailer will understand how nice this is.   So, great customer service coupled with excellent and reasonably priced selection? See ya next Saturday, Home Depot!
3 Home Depot!!!!!!!!!!!!  It's a big store. With lots of stuff. I go there. When I can't find enough.  At Ace Hardware :)  For serious though, this is my second option to smaller hardware stores. I've gotten some nice stuff from this store, but help is usually impossible to find and when you think you find it, you usually wait awhile before you really find it. But they have nearly everything and I can always head there when I'm in a bind.
2 We were on a mission to find insulation that was not cellulose or fiberglass. We found a company online that sells polyester so headed here to find out if they could order it for us. Turns out they could and we ordered enough for our attic and were happy they could help us. However, when it came in, it was not as much as we ordered and the contractor we worked with at the pro desk was "no longer with the company" (although I swear he answered the phone once or twice when I called our new contact Denise, who was lovely). The insulation also came in and was the 24" not the 16" we ordered, making so much extra work for us when laying down 1700 square feet of it. They refunded us the amount from the bags we didn't get, because they tried to get them but after the company said that aren't making it anymore (something about "demand" even though we had just ordered 32 bags!). I was impressed with Denise, and the man who helped us load all of our insulation in the truck, but was not impressed with Mac who did not order us enough and did not get us the right size.
1 Total lack of staffing you can walk all over this store and not find an employee. Its dirty, disorganized, and most the time you are left to having to use self checkout, the have virtually no carts or trollys. To top that off you get accosted by illegal immigrants as drive in to the parking lot and while leaving.
3 I don't understand the negative reviews on Yelp about the staff. Every time I go in there, the staff usually approach me and ask if I need help finding something and they're always VERY friendly and helpful.  Other than that, it's Home Depot: a vast temple of tools, appliances, hardware and other goodies.They convenient hours because sometimes I just want to complete a project on a Saturday and they're open 'til 9! I usually spend more than I plan to because they have so much cool stuff. I just wish it were a LITTLE closer to my home.
4 This is a fairly good home depot. It has a lot of construction type materials and I have heard it is the biggest home depot in Arizona. The only problem with the store itself is that sometimes it doesn't have as much "home decor" (lighting options, window treatment, etc) type items as other home depots I've been to.   The staff is usually fairly nice and knowledgeable. The rental department seems to have lots of options, which can be good for the bigger jobs around the house. The parking lot isn't the best, but that's not really their fault. I've had a few interesting incidents there, but none related to the store.
5 I visit a lot of Home Depots. They  do carry a lot of things made in China, which is not always good when you are trying to build things. They won't last. So the solution to that is you must read the labels.  I do purchase a lot of Items here though. So they must be doing something right!  The very best thing about Home Depot is the great return policy.  If something breaks, or you bought too many, or it is just not right they take it back. WIthout a lot of drama. I really like them for that, and that is why I really like to shop here.  Lots of parking in the lot. The staff is very helpful and friendly.
5 Extremely helpful and positive staff. Did an online order for pickup and then did some miscellaneous shopping.  Special thanks to Tracie at the customer service desk who directed us away from and to items that were better suited for the job we were doing.
5 I had a really great trip to Home Depot in East Phx. A very nice guy named Rene went out of his way to help me install my headlight. He invited me to bring my bike inside and located all the necessary parts. He then installed my headlight with me! All this for the cost of parts, about $2.  I always have a great experience here, but this was off the charts.
5 The Asst Mgr, Roddy went above and beyond in helping me to resolve an issue with homedepot.com. Thanks to his exceptional customer service, and patience with this extremely upset customer, I will continue using Home Depot as my supplier. Great Job
5 Home depot is essential if you own a home.  I lived at this place during our renovations.  Lots of helpful employees.  They even let you bring your dog inside!    If you need to hire some extra hands there are lots of 'employees' waiting outside in the parking lot.  I wouldn't recommend hiring them.
3 I really love the home depot in Chandler -- this one seems poorly run, in a very sketchy part of town, and always... always... always packed. It's literally the only home depot for 20 miles, aside from the one in Metrocenter *shudder!*.   I literally only go here because I have to, but I try and keep my head down.
1 This location is a total war zone and no one knows what they are doing. Its almost like a Home depot in Mexico City... if there is such a thing. You have to take a number in the paint department... almost like a deli in New York, to get any service. And also, my brother was trying to fix an aquarium crack and the dude recommended LIQUID NAILS??? Literally, I'm standing next to the guy about to crack up. Carpenters use that like caulk to hang crown moldings or whatever. Good grief. And at the checkout, some crackhead sprinted right past us with some electrical parts or hardware and bolted right out the front door. Noone did anything. Its basically a free-for-all and I dont even know why we bothered to pay. As a plus, they do have like 100 day-laborers chilling in the parking lot, if you need help with anything and dont mind hiring Mexican felons, I suppose.
4 I shop here all the time since I live close by. I have already written a review for this home depot. Now I need to contact yelp find out what is happening to my reviews.  Depending on what time of day you shop here, you will always be lucky enough to find day laborers loitering at the entrance. You'll know your shopping experience is complete when you return to your car to find someone begging for spare change "to catch the bus".
5 WHOA!  I felt so taken care of at this Home Depot!! :)  The Boy asked me to stop and pick up 2 gallons of paint on my way home because he'd run out.  As soon as I got to the paint aisle and had a gallon in each hand, he called and asked that I actually buy 5 gallons of paint - better to have too much than run out again. :) Not even thinking about it, I put my 2 gallons back, grabbed the handle of a 5 gallon bucket of paint, and started walking down the aisle to get it tinted.  I didn't get very far before I realized how heavy the stupid thing was and wondered how I would make it all the way to the car, let alone get it more than 3 inches off the ground and IN to the car.  Just then, Friendly Guy #1 from the paint section came down the aisle and asked if I needed help.  YES PLEASE!  He carried the bucket to the tinting area and I went off in search of a cart.  Once my paint was ready, Friendly Guy #1 loaded it onto my cart, told me to have a nice day, and off I went to check out.  As I pushed my cart to the check out, I slowed by the self-checkout lanes - wondering if I could scan the bucket without having to lift it.  Friendly Guy #2 running the self-checkout area spotted me and said, "Let me help you!" He motioned to one of the registers and then scanned it with his scanner.  Voila!  Then Friendly Guy #2 told me to have a nice day, and I was off!  I was pretty stoked at this point because now all I had to do was get it in the car! :)  Enter Friendly Guy #3.  The second I walked out the door, before I even got my sunglasses on, Friendly Guy #3 spots me and offers to help load the paint into my car.  He helped pull the cart to my car and loaded it up for me.  Then HE told me to have a nice day and off he went (returning my empty cart for me).    Thanks to The Boy, I frequent a lot of different Home Depots and Lowe's locations.  I'm usually not impressed with their customer service because, let's face it - they're guys helping guys...conversations are stereotypically short and to the point with very few niceties.  The 3 (count them - 3) guys that helped me today were nothing but genuinely friendly.  I would gladly go back without The Boy in tow and feel comfortable knowing at least some of their guys are the good ones there and actually want to help me. :)  (Wish I'd caught their names....I think I was just too busy counting my lucky stars that I didn't have to lift that stupid bucket....)
1 I would much rather write a positive review than a negative one, but my experience here was beyond unacceptable, so I felt I had the responsibility to report.  I recently rented a lawn mower from this store. The employe I dealt with told me the $75 deposit would be refunded with cash upon return.  I returned to find a different employe who informed me that the policy was actually refunding my card at days end.  I explained that I was told differently, he offered neither apology nor explanation, just told me to check back tomorrow.  No refund the next day. No refund the day after. In the meantime, I had a returned check at my bank due to funds not being there (thanks HD) and incurred a $35 fee. So I returned, was given the run around and demanded a manager. This guy was worse than his employees! Told me "if you can't afford the deposit, maybe you should rent elsewhere!" He then promised to refund my card that day and I left. Well well well, imagine my surprise when checking my account the next morning, I discovered not a credit, but another $75 charge! And with this, another $35 back fee!  Needless to say, I angrily returned to speak with the HD manager, and he rudely informed me it was out of his hands and I had to call corporate headquarters. Thanks to the fraud department at my bank, I finally got my money back, but it took 4 weeks, and $70 in bank fees. The initial cost of rental was great, but due to misinformed employees and a careless manager, the experience cost me $70 extra, countless hours of my life, and a world of frustration. I have nothing positive to say about this place, and highly encourage anyone renting equipment to go anywhere else for higher quality products and customer service that would surely dwarf that of Home Depot
4 Absolutely adore the staff here!  I was hesitant to go on a holiday weekend - the parking lot here and huge crowds and children running amok are not a few of my favorite things.  But - I had a wild hair to transplant some of my houseplants. I needed potting soil, new containers and a few new plants.  There were several parking spots open right in front of the garden center. Score! And while I've always been impressed with the knowledge, friendliness and availability of the staff here, this last trip was awesome! I have to admit - I felt like one of the "pretty people!" The men in the garden center were flirting with me and basically tripping over each other to answer my questions and point me to everything I needed. It was a great ego boost - which I didn't see coming from a mile away.  That said - I got everything I went in for, spent less than I'd budgeted, my plants look great and happy and healthy, and I got to feel hot in the process! WIN!
5 Had a great experience AGAIN here thanks to Denise at the pro desk. I am a small purchaser related to most pros, but still spend a good chunk of change at this HD and I wanted to know how to make the most of my budget. She explained the spend level I needed to reach discounts and also how the bulk buying worked. Great help for my future jobs!  Thanks!
5 I just hope Home Depot gives John Trevillion employee of the decade! I bought a few duplexes in Phoenix that needed some quick repairs and I was on a tight schedule as I live out of state. John was able to assist me in every department from appliances to paint to gardening. His expertise in all my home needs was a fabulous surprise as I don't normally get good service from Home Depot. I give 5 stars to John....Home Depot in general not so much. John, I hope you are working this weekend as I am flying in to do a few more projects.
4 Went there last night to get my home key made.  Saw a uniformed Phoenix Police officer in the store.  Not sure if this is a one-time thing or they always have an officer on-duty.  But overall service was great and fast.  Definitely a place to go to for all your hands on projects.
3 Have you ever noticed how some Home Depot's are better then others? I have spent more time then I would like to admit checking out our fair city's Home Depot's, and this one is a three star. It's my "neighborhood" Depot, so I wish it was better, but it just isn't. If you go out to some of the nicer suburbs you will find stuff that this store doesn't carry. The Thomas Road location is strictly "Home Depot Special."    Don't get me wrong, they have the basics. Whether you are rewiring your air conditioner, or building a 12,000 square foot addition, they will have the basics to get the job done. They just won't have anything extra like lighting fixtures that don't look like they came from a Motel 6, or patio pavers any different from the Del Taco down the street. There also won't be anybody around to help you if you are wondering the difference between Douglas fir and pine. This store is very busy, and customer service is more reactive then proactive. Staff is very friendly and knowledgeable here, once you get them, they are just so busy it is usually difficult to catch somebody. I will keep shopping here because it is closer then other Home Depots, but I will keep dreaming of the day when it will be better.
1 The customer service including that of the manager Jeff at this Home Depot is the worst I've every received.  I was contacted to pick up a door that I had ordered.  After waiting for an hour, the staff including the manager running the store finally figured out that the someone had set the door up front in customer service (where the rep who called me said it would be) dahhh.  When I commented on how ignorant everyone was the manager started threatening me and I thought I was going to have to call the police.  I have written a letter to corporate about this store and manager.  If you must shop at Home Depot make sure it isn't this one unless you are experienced in Martial Arts.  It truly is the ghetto and the staff reflect it.
5 What great customer service!   Gentleman named, Tevin, answered a bunch of questions I had, helped me find my materials, checked me out, and....even helped me get everything into vehicle.  That kind of customer service is almost extinct and he should be recognized for his effort and professionalism.
1 This review is just about the paint department, only.  The workers in that department there are phenomenal but the lack of staffing in the paint department is ridiculous.  You can count on them to do their best,  but it is hard to deal with.  I used to be in there a lot.  All of the workers bust their guts trying to get the orders out and correct.  They are exceptionally helpful and try their best.  Apparently, the management (or corporate) doesn't care, or doesn't want to retrain and hire more workers to cover the paint department, or doesn't want to pay, or doesn't care if they have workers comp claims or whatever.  That is a tough department with high volume.  If you go for paint, try for Friday nights or some other off time, due to the backlog.  Whenever possible,  I have moved my purchases over to another specialty paint store only due to the lack of staffing at Home Depot on Thomas Road.
4 The staff here is wonderful. I'm never left to fend myself. (Otherwise I'd be stranded like a deer in the headlights...in the hardware aisle or something equally overwhelming.) I only come here under duress. The place is huge! (And I'm very lazy.) With every visit I've been assisted almost immediately without having to ask.  Why? It turns out if you just stand there with your mouth open the employees notice. They fawn over you and will escort you to whatever you need.  Purchasing paint can actually be fun. (I hate doing this activity as well.) They're more than eager (and somehow happy) to assist in paint suggestions. I need a boyfriend to show more interest.  It has taken me two years of regular visits to write this review? Why? (Well, as stated previously I'm very lazy. And busy eating Bon Bons.) Today, however, Home Depot knocked it out of the ballpark. A purchase made, via phone, for a microwave was seamlessly executed. The company outsourced by Home Depot & General Electric is *amazing*.   This is the review I wrote for Barlow Company: http://www.yelp.com/biz/barlows-distribution-and-storage-tolleson?hrid=JFZS2VLYPQNR7ukX-C_9ng  I was expecting the worst. A day wasted and mess left everywhere. NOPE. On time, efficient and polite team. Thank you Home Depot for everything!
