4 WOW, not what i was expecting. I never go into Ross bc usually they are so gross... but last night I found out they're open until 9:30 and I needed a new pillow so i got out my pepper spray and made my way in.  I should probably only be giving this place 3 stars because the line was long and tags were missing on several people's items so people had to keep waiting for price checks. BUT they definitely earned that 4th star bc it was clean and organized.    My guess is that they just did a complete organization and cleaning of the store and tags got lost in the process. I can put up with that if it means having a great Ross!    this was seriously an organized ross- i've never seen that happen. And everything was displayed nicely?! What?!   I went in for a new pillow and left w a mothers day present, a sweet vase, the coolest hanging tea light holder, a shirt, and ralph lauren pillow.   how much did i spend? $35.   did I feel dirty and ghetto after I left? nope.   Hive fives and thumbs up for this location of Ross
5 I really wanted to be the first to spread the word that this Ross is the best discount store I have EVER been in.  Damn you, Samantha O.!  I went in today and probably spent about an hour looking around.  I could NOT believe how well organized and attractive it was.  I had to hold myself back from buying everything that I wanted!!  No kidding.  If you need anything for the house, check out this Ross first.  They have so much stuff for the kitchen, it's unbelievable.  The prices were as good as they get.  They had the best selection of high quality cookie sheets and cutting boards, all for ten bucks or less!  They also had lots of silverware, knives, and dishes.  As far as clothes are concerned, it looked like their women's section was a lot better stocked than the men's.  I did take note that they had about a thousand bra's.  Just FYI ladies - get your brassieres at Ross!
3 there's an odd dichotomy of retail paradiso and inferno going on here.    yes, i found a really pretty linen dress for $16 and 2 casual cotton sundresses for $12 each, but it involved at least an hour of digging through piles and piles of crap that erred to extremes of "street corner hoochie mama" or "my 50 yr old mama's mama".  fantastic deals are well worth the effort but i dont recommend it if you're in a hurry.  like the previous reviewers, i found the place to be rather well organized and not the total chaos of some of the other ross stores, but my experience was somewhat soured by the language barrier between myself and the fitting room attendant.  i asked her to "please hold these for me", to which she sweetly replied "no ingles".  ok, that's cool.  i can be creative.  i put the reject items in her hand and pointed out to the floor,  "these can go back out there".  and i put my hold items on her little counter with both hands on top, "these should stay here".  so while i tried on a few more things, she sent everything back onto the floor, where i had to hunt them down again (one of which disappeared; oh little red floral sundress - why didst thou foresake me?) while sporting that damn vertical line between my furrowed brows.    i'd be remiss if i didnt shout massive kudos for the home section - particularly the smashing deals on bedding.  i mean great brand names, high thread counts, and natural fibers.  and REALLY pretty stuff if you dig the decorative brocades and such (like i do).  points off for a shoe section that was the only chaotic mess in the store.  and can someone explain to my bigfoot ass why there's a whole section marked "11-13" and it contains almost all 10s and 3 pairs of 11s, no 12s, and no 13s?
2 Just to entertain myself I stopped in this Ross to compare it to my favorite Ross location (Sunnyslope/Dunlap store) Just as I expected it was total bootleg up in this location. Man the place was jacked! It's larger and you find a few more or different items as a result. The prices are the same as the other location on items that both have stocked. But this place looked like it had been hit by a plane. Broken stuff, stuff on the floor, stuff falling off hangers, stuff in the wrong departments and wrong shelves. Tables in complete disarray! Bedding and pillows on the floor. Lines...OMG! What long lines!  The couple of items that interest me that I spotted I passed on rather than wait in these long lines. No staff on the floor offering help. One poor staff person was putting out artwork and avoiding all contact with customers. Can't say I blame her because the customers were shouting for and at their unruly children and crying babies at decibels uncalled for. I think this clerk just wanted to disappear. So when I saw items of interest without a price I just respected her by not asking for help and leaving the items where I found them.  The odd thing is 3 hours before I had just shopped my favorite location where all was calm, organized and with short quick moving lines! So glad there are other locations of Ross stores near by offering the same great deals.
1 Horrendous.  It is near my house so I stop in ever once in a while and every time and I tell myself it is the last time.  The place is a mess all of the time, the shoppers are rude and let their kids run all over the store.  Some of the staff seem a little nicer than they used to be.  If I could find some good deals I might keep going back, but TJ Maxx's is getting all of my $$.
3 I could live in the housewares section of this Ross. I keep wanting to go back, hoping they get the Chef Basket. I swear out of everything I've ever wanted to buy on TV I've never wanted anything more than 2 Chef Baskets plus a Forever Sharp Knife for $14.99 plus shipping and handling.  I realize that I've said that same sentence about Space Bags, Magic Bullets, Slap Chops, and ShamWowws, but this time I really mean it. The thing is, after you see those things and wait a few months, Ross usually has them for cheaper and NO shipping and handling (though you do have to pay the substantial personal fee of being surrounded by unsupervised children during your shopping trip, so maybe S&H is worth it).  This particular Ross is right next to a Target. If you have a specific item you need to buy in housewares, ALWAYS GO TO ROSS FIRST. I made the mistake of going to Target once for champagne flutes, one of those fancy wire egg slicers, and two ramekins and ended up spending about double what I would have spent at Ross, which I stupidly went to second.  My other go-to Ross department is shoes. You can find some ridiculously marked down (like more than Marshall's or TJ Maxx) Steve Maddens, Jessica Simpsons, and Nine Wests here. They are usually last season and run about $30 for the more high-end brands, though I'm no stranger to picking up a pair of Joey O pumps for $12.99. I've never even heard of that brand before, but they fit my feet really well and are SUPER cheap at Ross. Another word for the wise:  Check all the shoe sizes, not just your own. Bitches hide shit. But seriously, if I have to tell you this, odds are you've never stepped foot in a discount store in your life and probably won't go to this Ross ever, so I suppose that's irrelevant.  Despite the bratty kids and somewhat cluttered appearance, Ross is good for select things (housewares, shoes, workout clothes) at a good price. Head in often, because you never know what they just got. Give me a call if you see the Chef Basket.
4 Pretty clean as far as Ross stores go, and no waiting in line!!! There were not many people here at all...only reason I didn't dish out the five stars is because the cashier had MAJOR attitude, she needs an adjustment pronto.
5 This is the BEST hit or miss bargain spot for everything. I frequently find great deals on quality body care products (be sure you know how to read the labels, there's a lot of low quality products in the mix), designer sun glasses, shoes, clothing, housewares, baby shower gifts, pet gifts, and guy gifts. It seems I go at peak hours, where lines are incredibly long. I see it as a small price for Macy's quality at a Walmart price.
4 I have to admit, even though this is a more "ghetto" Ross, they have the best selection for brands. At least that is the case whenever I stop by here. True, you will get stuck for 10-15 minutes waiting in that line to check out but I figure it's worth it in the name of fashion.   The bathroom is a mess, avoid at all costs unless you really, really have to go. The fitting room lady was super sweet, I wanted to take her home. Ok, get your minds out of the gutter.  My boyfriend's style is kind of dark, he only wears all black, expensive dressy clothing and I was able to find some really nice black dress shirts for him that were 8.99 and up. They have these impulse items that you just cannot resist like iPad accessories, car interior accessories etc. I bought some Hello Kitty clamshell headphones for 8.99.  Be patient with lines and people at times, you will be rewarded with cheap goodies.
4 I love Ross especially for dresses and shoes. It's not really fair to evaluate this Ross or any Ross on the overall business model as that is a corporate thing and not location specific. Instead I will share pros an cons of THIS Ross location.   PROS: mostly clean and organized. Friendly staff.   CONS: parking is annoying as the lot is shared with mega businesses in the shopping center. fitting room floors look like they've never been cleaned.
3 Lo and behold! Going to this Ross at 8pm on a Friday is like Happy Hour! (minus the booze, add lots of energetic, verbal tykes).  Not a fancy Ross locale, I'll agree with other reviewers. Not the best customer service. (They cannot, for example, help you carry anything to your car. Other locations do. Bring friends if you buy something big.)  However, they sell stuff for cheap.The merchandise turns over regularly. The aisles are fairly well maintained.   Parking can be very, very difficult IF you need to park close. (There is a very large lot. However, there are a number of other big chain stores in the strip.)   Walk my friends! Walk. Oh wait. You have to carry stuff to your car.  Eh.
4 Ross is a hit or miss store. Sometimes there are great deals on great items and other times everything is messy and the items they have are poorly made. I like to come here for bedding, art, and sometimes clothes, purses or shoes.
1 This store discriminates against customers who may have problems carrying items since you are not allowed to take a cart out.  Why is that?  Target next door lets you take your cart to your car, are they discriminating against the Ross clientele (I've seen a review calling this store "ghetto." I see no difference in Target and Fry's customer base and Ross'.  I did go there because a friend had gotten a good deal on a furniture accessory but then realized I couldn't carry it to my car because of back issues.   I did mention this to security..he said I could drive up (that's a very busy area),I also mentioned it to the cashier and when a very nice man heard me he offered to carry it out to the car.  Also the wait was long because they shut down one register so the cashier could stack up hangars!  so hangars are more important than a line of customers. most of the store was dirty, disorganized, lacking price tags, etc.  never again!
4 New treasures come in almost daily so you never know what you will find. Items such as clothing for all ages and styles, shoes, purses, handbags, luggage, sheets and bedding, home decor, chairs, ottomans, some electronics, kitchen and house ware, and more all 20-60% off department store prices. Most reputable name brands for prices you can't get anywhere else. Take your time shopping as Ross Stores prides themselves in their so-called "treasure hunt." Indeed, it truly is that because not only does merchandise turnover quickly, but sometimes items may be misplaced in the wrong department or size. It is apparent employees attempt with their best to have the store neat and organized but it does get very busy at times, especially on the weekends, so neatness and organization may be a set back. Some of the other customers themselves may be inconsiderate and play a factor in the lack of organization as well (kids running around without their parents, people not hanging clothes back up or putting the shoes back on the shelves, etc.). Some people just don't have that common courtesy but to be fair, the store could hire more employees to compensate. Speaking about the employees, a lot of them are friendly and helpful, but it is also apparent some are young and may be inexperienced. It is good, though, to see a company investing in the youth, especially in today's economy. Remember, Ross is a discount retailer so do not expect the quality service you would might receive at a regular department store like Target or Sears (both found in the same complex). It is a low-cost operation. The fitting room service is something to keep in mind -- only eight items of clothing in at a time. The single unisex restroom is located in the back of the fitting room. The checkout line can sometimes get quite long, especially on the weekends, but they have some neat impulse buys to shop while you wait. The cashiers do move quickly but sometimes they have to stop to put hangers and other supplies away before they continue with their checkout process.They have a separate line for Renturns and only the first two registers can accept returns. As with other companies, they do have a strict return policy which can be found printed on the back of the receipt. After 30-days of the initial purchase, you better have that receipt otherwise you might not get the full refund in the tender in which you paid. Overall, the store is friendly and cool to shop around, but it does get busy and chaotic at times. But that is something to expect when the store is full of great bargains! So have patience, consideration, and maybe some decency so as to not contribute to the chaos.
