5 I've been using Bonds Alarm for just over two years and have been very happy with their service.  They are a local company and their alarm monitoring is done at Scottsdale Air Park.  The larger national companies contract with monitoring companies that can be located in any state.  I personally like knowing that my monitoring is local.  A little over two years ago when I researched and priced alarm equipment, install, and monitoring, I found Bonds Alarm to be the right company for me.  The national guys offer better deals for installation, but with some negotiating, Bonds ended up coming to the table with the best price, best equipment, and superior service.  Jeff is my rep and he's always available for questions on his cell phone, and he's very knowledgeable and has a long history with Bonds and this industry.  All the staff is very friendly and their customer service really can't be beat.  What triggered me to write this review two years later is that my contract just recently expired and I negotiated new terms with Bonds, which again, ended up being the best deal I could negotiate.  Highly recommended.
5 great company and staff.
1 Bonds seemed like a good bet (we were referred to them) until we actually had to deal with them. When we signed up with them we had all of our own equipment from a previous homeowner installed, outside of one piece of hardware. WE paid for the hardware. In fact, we even had to pay for a spare battery.    Last weekend we had three false alarms with our motion sensor. Each time they called, I said not to send to police as there was no window or door alarms. I decided it better to drive all the way home and check things out myself.  There was absolutely nothing wrong with the house. It sat as it always does with nothing to set off the alarm.   I called Bonds to try and find out why we had these issues. I was told they could only tell me the time of the alarm. The last thing I want is a false alarm when I don't catch my phone and have the police show up so I asked if they could check our system out. They said they could for a $60 trip fee, $80 an hour and fees for hardware if they decided I needed something replaced. So, I could be in this for a few hundred dollars.  I called a competitor and was told that they would replace my old system with a new system I could access online, new panel, connected thermostat etc. for a $99 installation fee. NO extra cost for hardware. I lifetime guarantee on EVERYTHING. They will come and fix/replace anything for a $50 trip charge and NO hourly charges if we ever need it.   All this for $15 more a month, including temperature monitoring, which we don't even have right now and would cost more with Bonds anyway.  So, we tried to cancel with Bonds, but then found out we are on a 3 year contract even though WE paid for everything! I read through the fine print (which I should have done originally) and it is AWFUL.  We've asked them to cancel our agreement and waive their termination fee, which is HUNDREDS of dollars, since they have not subsidized ANYTHING. WE PAID FOR EVERYTHING!!!  I'm kicking myself for not reading the contract. That's what a slick salesman will get you! Lots of promises but no other options given. I wish I would have shopped around and found a company willing to go month to month since I own everything   We're still try to get this settled after 4 phone calls and an email. I suspect we'll just end up being a VERY unhappy customer until the second our contract expires.
5 Been with this company for over 15 years, very prompt and courteous same day service.  Had all this new technology long before anyone else in Arizona.  Local monitoring.  Great people.
5 I have been a Customer with Bonds Alarm since the mid 1990's.  They are extremely dependable and the staff is responsive to my needs and understanding when I call with special requests.  Their technicians know how to solve security issues quickly.  I would even recommend them to my friends and family without hesitation.  Do not waste  time looking for the cheapest alarm company, sign up with the best, Bonds Alarm.
