1 The receptionist was not friendly, and wears no name tag so I didn't know who was greeting me.  She actually never said "hello" and never smiled.  Long wait times, so schedule when you have a lot of time and bring a good book.      The doctor removed several freckles for no reason at all apparently, because she didn't explain why, leaving me with scars that I did not want.  Can't say this was a good experience and I won't be back. Look for a doctor who thoroughly explains what she is doing and why.    I prefer a doctor who answers questions thoroughly, especially since the wait time was so long.   I expected better quality of service during my visit but was very disappointed.
1 I have had numerous appointments here over the past 4 years to treat breakouts, and I am less than impressed with the PA's and tx methods. You never see a dermatologist...only a PA. They don't ask questions about your skin, their exam of your skin is bare minimum, and they prescribe topicals and send you out the door. No education about possible causes & possible preventatives (other than their topical meds). This past experience with PA Kenan was ridiculous. He wouldn't prescribe oral meds, stating my skin wasn't bad enough. Well, in my opinion it is bad, and topicals are not working, and how would he know anyway because I had make-up on and he barely looked at my face. He offered nothing in regards to treating the breakout problem other than prescribing topicals & referring me to their aestatician, which neither have worked for me! If you need acne help, go to a real derma, not a PA, and another clinic if you want treatment for acne.
5 What a wonderful experience!  These days it is a miracle to even get 2 minutes with the doctor.  Here I was able to ask questions and actually get some insightful answers.  I never felt uncomfortable or rushed.  I highly recommend this office.  The PAs are wonderful and Dr. Romine was very attentive!
4 I have been seeing Dr. Romine for a while and find her and her staff to be friendly and attentive for the most part.  I do somewhat agree that the receptionist is less than bubbly otherwise rating would be a 5, but if I can get my skin cancer taken care of by a Dr. that I trust I can tolerate a front ofiice that is competent and businesslike, but not qute friendly.  As for the freckle removal that Kathy didn't like, they usually remove only stuff that looks suspicous and my experience with that is better a small scar now than a big one later.
1 They were SO rude....Dr. Romine was nice enough to stop by and said "anything you need make sure you contact us" but besides that they were just plain rude. Definitely not going back....
5 I have been to this office a few times now and I have to say that I have nothing bad to say about them....Yes, they are very busy, but that is good business to me.  I have to disagree with some of the reviews where they stated that the receptionist is not friendly...I am one who sits and watches how a business operates and I have to say that not only did she greet me as I walked in, but also everyone else who came through the door.  She was actually very helpful.  Once going back to be seen, I have to say that the nurses and the Physician Assistant helped me with all my questions and concerns and was very patient with me. I didn't feel rushed or felt like I wasn't getting the right treatment from them. They were very attentive.  The girls at check out are always very friendly and fast... you can tell that the front office really works hard and I have to give them kudos for being able to multitask with how busy the office is.  I would highly recommend this office to anyone....I leave every time being a happy patient.
5 I was referred to Dr Romine by a friend who is a nurse; can't say enough good about her...my skin cancer surgery was done so professionally, I never had a nervous moment. I required 8 stitiches in my forehead  which even the DR could not find on my recheck 6 weeks later: she did such an awesome job! The entire staff is friendly, kind, and easy to work with. Only drawback is the long wait to see Dr. R--but she is worth it. Have sent many other patients to her and all have been extremely happy!
4 Very thorough, I was referred here for a mole patrol last year and went here for a follow up a year after.  On my follow up 15 minutes later, I was checked head to toe and given the all clear.  No cancer, and they provided an good explanation of some hyper pygmentation on my ankles.  I'm not giving up my ankle socks, but appreciate the explanation.  From this fair skinned man, thanks Camelback Dermatology.
1 Dr.Romine is wonderful. However if you ever have to interact with Riley the woman that does the laser skin procedures I highly suggest going elsewhere. She was rude, abrasive, and poor communicator from day 1. I came in for a spot on my face that had been there since last year. She set up a series of procedures and did not realize until the 3rd one (2 wks apart each, costing $100) that was not the treatment I needed. She never seemed to recall our initial consult and concerns and was so wrapped up in "knowing it all" and attitude she never took the time to listen to the patient and what the presenting complaint truly was. The incorrect treatment was for depression or differences in the skin texture of a scar and did nothing for the actual problem, her excuse being I termed it "a scar" so that's just what you get. They are the professionals and they should know what treatment to recommend and that the brown pigment was the initial complaint which I said several times since I walked in the door. To top off the attitude every time we spoke- she canceled an appointment the day before which I had planned for over a month and was the only day until November I could do it because of the down time after. When I walked in for the appt and asked why the law was in place (doctor suddemly not in the office building that day so she couldn't do it) she just stated I don't break the law for a procedure instead of explaining the reason behind it.  Extremely poor commuunication and listening skills- highly suggest going elsewhere!!
2 I have been to Camelback Dermatology about 8 times and they have all been for acne except for the past couple of times. I will keep this short. I have a small cyst on my eye. I wanted to see Dr. Romine (and thought I was) but saw a tech or PA and was given a steroid injection and put on Solodyn to take inflammation down, was suppose to reschedule to have Dr. Romine remove the cyst. So, this is what's happened. I took Solodyn, (it's a horrible medicine) and yes, it has cleared up my face but had caused me to break out in little red dots that didn't itch, it was just ugly. So, I waited a week, still had them and called Camelback Derm. The assistant I explained this too said, no, I'm sure it's not an allergic reaction, I would just keep taking it. So, I kept taking it, two weeks later, I have hives and swelling and joint pain. I called Camelback Derm. to explain I needed to get in. I go in, and was told to stop taking the med. and they instead prescribed me a topical cream for my hives and said go home and just use the cream. What they should have done was given me an oral steroid, not a topical cream!!! So, I get the prescription filled and go home, rub the lotion on and the swelling and hives and pain get worse. I ended up driving myself to the ER the same night (last night) and was given iv fluids and benedryl which did not help. The dr.s there were convinced I had an autoimmune issue and to see a specialist. I went today to my PCP and was told I have had a severe allergic reaction to Solodyn (which contains Tetracycline) and that I have Steven's Johnson Syndrome and dermagraphism. Google it, it's pretty nasty. I was put on oral steroids and have to see a Rheumatologist as I may have developed Rheumatoid Arthritis. How can the dr's diagnose me but a skin specialist like Camelback Dermatology can't! I'm going to call and complain and let them know I shouldn't be charged for my last appointment because they diagnosed me incorrectly and I ended up in the ER. Not happy at all. Yes, everyone there seems friendly, but every time I've gone in, I'm ALWAYS being "sold" on prescriptions and "you should be taking this" or "have you tried this". It's really getting old.
2 I asked a friend of mine if she had a good dermatologist, and she goes to Camelback Derm.  I made an appointment (dealing with mild acne), and was optimistic for some new treatment as well as to get a prescription for a topical I had already been using.  I knew going into it I would be seeing a PA first and then meet the doctor.  I made it clear on both the written forms they have you fill out as a new patient and verbally stated to the PA that I have an autoimmune disorder and cannot take certain medications with antibiotics.  I met the doctor for only 5 minutes.  i was still given a prescription for a topical with an antibiotic in it and when i got home, after doing more research, it was highly suggested on many websites (including the drug company's) to not use this medication because of my autoimmune disorder.  This was the first frustrating issue.  I called the doctors office and left a message with the nurse's line, and they did call back pretty quickly saying they would change the prescription.  While it was nice that the doctor gave me samples and coupons for the prescriptions, one of them was expired, and could not use it at the pharmacy (though I did end up later finding one online through the drug company).  I also found that frustrating-but only because it costed me an extra half an hour of going back and forth to the pharmacy.  Overall, I felt most bothered by the fact that I expressed more than once that I have this pre-existing condition that should be taken into consideration, and the neither the PA nor the doctors seemed to take notice.  I do understand that this doctors office is very large and busy, but being that I was a new patient to the office, I felt very rushed.  But, this office location is very convenient to where I live, and for the most part do not have many other skin problems to deal with, so I don't plan on having to go to this office very often, other than to follow up on my progress with these medications.
1 This office is very incompetent. I asked for an annual check up but the PA Molly who is very rude, said she was not told I wanted that and spent THREE MINUTES total with me, and left without ever asking me if I had any questions. She was concerned with staying on schedule (she was already late) rather than treating me. The room I waited in was FILTHY--dirty dressing gowns overflowing the wastebasket and on the floor.
1 I went in to get a mole removed and they did, also told them about a bump I had on my skin, they checked it out and biopsy came back having a virus. The P.A. Told me nothing about it, I asked for her to explain but all she said is that she would call it in to the pharmacist. I asked questions and it seemed like she wouldn't give me any direct answers. This was after being put on hold over four times and each time they picked up the phone they asked me why I was calling. That was frustrating to begin with. I would assume a Dr. Of any sort would try to explain to you what you might have instead of saying, this is what you got, here's medicine and I'm left on my own to do the research. Shouldn't a Dr. Or P.A. Have any compassion in trying to educate their patients if they are telling them they have something? Makes me feel like I was just another number in her office. A lady was in there typing on the computer while I was waiting for P.A asking me questions and filling in a chart on the computer. What was weird is after the questions were asked the P.A came in and asked me no questions nor did she look at what the lady typed into the computer from talking to me. Why wouldn't the person that is checking me ask any questions. I felt the person sitting in the room that typed on the computer knew more about me than the P.A. That was examining me. I felt there was a flaw in communication, not being candid, and lack of professionalism. Will not return. Will not recommend.
5 I am not a Scottsdale housewife, just a regular joan schmoe who was pretty sad about the state of my skin. Then I met Adrea...  If you need a good licensed aesthetician make an appointment with Adrea, she is amazing.  I made an appointment with her first and brought in everything I use on my face.  She went through each product and recommended new ones when needed.  She recommended budget friendly, regular trip to Target options, and provided coupons when she had them.    She determined I needed more help and I was able to see the doctor right then and there.  Adrea and the P.A. teamed up and between the two they fixed me up.   I continue to see Adrea and she is incredibly knowledgeable and explains all the options in detail. She never tries to talk me into anything scary.  The office seems to cater to older folks with skin cancer and teenagers with acne problems, I don't fall into either category but know the office can handle issues more serious than my vanity.
3 Doctors are great but the wait is loooooong...
2 I've never had a great experience with Dr. Romine's staff--they're always rude. I've only seen Dr. Romine once--for only a few seconds--in all the years I've gone to her office. She's conveniently located and usually has availability, which is why I continue to go there. Unfortunately, her employees have the worst bedside manner I've ever dealt with. I went in the office last week to have a cyst injected and when the PA, Molly, entered the room, she asked what I needed. Instead of finishing her question, she started laughing when she saw the cyst. It was horrible.
4 Friendly professional staff PA was great talked to us not down to us. Made my daughter feel at ease and comfortable. The Dr. Came in gave her opinion told us what to expect IF it had to be removed felt confident there wasn't cause for alarm. Biopsy was done to make sure all was ok.
1 Beautiful new offices at 40th street and Campbell, but apparently their clocks don't work. Just sat there for 60 minutes past my 8:45 am appointment time, and no one saw me. Had to leave for a meeting. If I was in customer service there, I would remind the doctors that their customers' time is more valuable than their own.
4 Visiting family and found this place to get the silk peel done.  Nice office, friendly and caring staff-everything was on time- dr came in at the end to say hi....  All in all,no complaints - i would recommend.
1 I saw Dr. Romine's office for a few years for acne maintenance. Eventually I decided to see one of her aestheticians for a light chemical peel.  This light peel ended up scabbing over most of my face mainly on the sides near my cheeks. I went back to  them after it started to get more severe and was told by Dr. Romine that I was actually lucky because I was getting the result of a more aggressive, more expensive peel. What I wasn't given was the proper instruction and/or topical treatment for this type of peel which has subsequently left me with the darkening and scarring of my face. I went back 6 or so months later with these same concerns and was told that I have a skin condition and that it was not caused by the peel. However, I know that it was.  Seeing as this is a dermatology office, I felt confident getting this type of procedure.  I understand that sometimes things don't go as planned, but not taking accountability for these things is a different story.  Maybe I could have taken some sort of legal action, which I did not,  but would like others to be aware before deciding to get a treatment like this from them.
5 Thank you Doctor Romine! She pays extremely close attention to my personal needs and concerns. I have been to numerous doctors and found her practice the most reliable. She even called me the evening after my appointment to check in on me. Very well run and trustworthy office.
