5 The staff is friendly, funny, and accommodating. Ive had make-up, hair, spray tan, and bridal services at the salon. Ive been going here for about 7 years. I'm always satisfied with my hair cuts, color, and style. Gigi is the most amazing stylist. If you haven't been to see her and the salon, you are missing out.
5 Kelly is awesome!  The whole place is nice and welcoming, it has a hip fun vibe and they will give you a little sangria to make the chair sitting pass quickly. Kelly is an artist and always does a beautiful job with my hair, I never feel rushed or picky.  If you are looking for somewhere new to try then give Salon Sandoval a call!
2 I know the rating is low and part of it is undeserved. The people at Salon Sandoval are warm and welcoming and I have been happy with their services. They are an Aveda salon which is how I got their name. My stylist, Ruby, left there and then there seemed to be a ton of turnover. So, the reason for the rating? It's filthy. They honestly need to close for a week and have a deep cleaning, scrubbing, work it over. They also did a good job with my kids.
5 Shane is the BEST!  He makes me feel so beautiful and my hair is always perfect after he's finished!  I can't say enough good things about him...he really takes his time to ensure perfection!!!
5 I went to this salon today for the 1st time and fell in love. The awesome Katie dyed my hair and did a wonderful job. I received several compliments today and couldn't be happier. The whole staff was friendly and help me get out quick due to a job interview I had right after. I can't wait to come back!!!
5 I have been a loyal customer of owner, Chris Sandoval for 25+ years and wouldn't think of going elsewhere. Chris is gifted - his cuts are so creative and he knows color unlike anyone else! Salon is recently remodeled and looks great. Aveda products rock and there is so much talent there you can't go wrong. Whether you choose Chris, Alyssa! Rachel or some of the newer staff, Chris himself trains everyone. He has high standards and is incredibly creative. One of my daughters is flying in from California next week just so she can have her hair cut there again since she said she hasn't had a really good cut since she left Salon Sandoval.  I intend for my 18 month old grandson to get his first cut there. Give them a try. You will not be disappointed!  Love love love
5 I have been going to Rachel for a few years now and couldn't be happier.  I have very fine hair and she always makes me feel like a million bucks when I leave.  And the compliments I get after make me feel awesome!   I went to Fashion Square after a recent visit and a woman asked where I got my hair done and of course I told her.  I can't remember ever having anyone stop me to ask that question and I have had that happen a few times since going to Rachel.  She is very knowledgeable regarding hair and hair products but she is also a very sweet girl.  I would recommend Rachel at Salon Sandoval to anyone.
5 This was my first time going to this salon. I found a groupon for it and decided to try it out. When I first arrived I didn't really think much of it. The outside was just a normal looking store. However, once I entered I was instantly impressed. Everything was so chic and clean. I loved the atmosphere. Katie cut my hair and she was fantastic! She made me feel totally comfortable and was super kind. I totally recommend everyone to go here!
5 I feel like I have come full circle.  I started at this location 8 years ago.  Then Alisa was assigned to the Scottsdale location and of course, I had to follow her. Now she is back to the original spot, it is farther for me, but I will drive to bfe for her.  I cannot tell you how many times I get stopped at malls or on the street an inquired about my hair color.  Just yesterday I had a lady asking me if it was a single process hair color.  I told her it was not.  It requires the expertise of Alisa to make it look this natural.  When Alisa was on maternity leave the first time, I was impatient and I went somewhere else, and they left me brassy.  The second time Alisa went on maternity leave I wore a hat for a while.
5 The very best haircut I have had in years. I have lots of very thin, very fine hair. Usually my first stop after getting a cut and blow dry is home to make it look half decent. This is the first time in years I went out shopping instead. I wish the technician had given me her card. I can't remember her name.
