5 If youre looking to design a piece of jewelry, repurose stones from an outdated piece, or are just looking for a more upscale jeweler- go here.  My fiance brought in a picture of what he wanted my engagement ring to look like and they did it. Perfectly. Were now waiting for our wedding rings to be finished. We, again, brought in designs, they did test molds, and we went from there.  Theyre pricey, not gonna lie, but they do offer payment plans. And let me tell you, it's worth it.
5 Top of the heap. Fantastic selection. Great prices and outstanding service.One stop for all of your needs whether you want to buy, have something repaired or cleaned or appraised. You can't go wrong. Much better and more personal than all of the chain stores. You will definitely get something unique.
4 My husband has purchased me several beautiful pieces of jewelry from Schmitt over the years and I love my pieces but the last set he bought me didn't quite fit. The jeweler told him if we needed it sized to bring it back after he surprised me with it and they would adjust the piece for me. We did need it fitted properly so I went back with him to have that done. The jeweler "Ann" was very nice and took down my measurements to have the piece fixed. She told me that it would take 10-14 days to have it done. I let her know that we do live quite a ways away from the establishment and requested it be shipped. Which she was more than happy to accommodate for us. Once the piece was ready I received a phone call from someone, not Ann, who informed me that I could come and pick up the piece. I let her know that is was to be mailed out per the initial agreement. She once again took my information to mail it and the conversation was over. A few minutes later I received a phone call from the original jeweler Ann who informed me that they could ship my item but would have to charge me for it. I asked what the fee would be, she replied about $5.00 or $6.00 dollars. I was quite floored that such a prestigious establishment could not foot the bill on such a transaction. We have spent quite a handsome amount of money in the store, they couldn't show some customer appreciation and pay such a small amount to ship the item so that we wouldn't have to go 45 minutes to an hour out of our way?One word to sum it all up for me " disappointed".   After I posted this message I received a response through Yelp directly from one of the owners. This being my first time using Yelp I did not know that someone could respond to my post. I was very pleased that the owner was concerned and attentive to my situation. He notified me that my piece would be sent out in the mail as agreed originally. Very satisfied that my concerns were heard and attention was given. Thank you Tom. I am speechless.
1 I brought a high end Omega in to their repair dept for what seemed an easy fix and had to take it back 3 times because they kept giving it back to me and it was not working. They kept it for almost 8 mos on and off, and when I finally got it back, it worked for about 4 mos and stopped again. When I finally found a true expert jeweler, he said the watch was damaged and had 'plier' marks from someone exerting too much force trying to open it. I'm now waiting to see if it can be salvaged. It will cost me over 3,000.00 to replace it.........BUYER BEWARE!!
5 I bought my girlfriend's engagement ring from store in LA and it was too big... Schmitt resized it for a very reasonable price same day because they could tell my fiancé didn't want to be without the ring. Ann, our sales associate, couldn't have been more helpful. Thank you!
