4 Alright so I'm not a huge fan of Arby's. I mean, I'll eat it if it's put in front of me, but generally I find everything to be a little gooey. Weird.   BUT, I gave this particular Arby's four stars for the radicalist (as in the most radical, not like a radicalist who overthrows governments and stuff) sign ever to grace the Arcadia hood. It's right up there with the great Courtesy Chevrolet sign on Camelback.  Also: they have a bell you can ring for good service! I think every Arby's has it, but I love it because people will only ring it literally AS they are running out the door.
4 I used to work at an Arby's years ago so it is always fun to visit them and see if the food/staff is up to standards. We went through the drive through and ordered a Beef n Cheddar Combo and an additional sandwich on the side. The girl who took our order was very friendly and took the order quickly. The food was tasty and I am happy to report that the fries were hot and hadn't been sitting out. We were cashed out and handed our food, the drinks were almost forgotten and we had to remind them. It didn't bother me at all but they might want to work on handing the drinks out promtly after cashing out the order to quench the customers thirst in the Arizona heat and to improve their overall drive through times. I thought this location was very unique also because they have the old school Arby's hat sign outside of their store which is rare to see.
4 I'm a fan of Arby's because I enjoy their Reuben Sandwich and their Turkey Sandwich. It's a chill place with just the right A/C setting. I usually catch up on my reading during lunch so this place ticks all the right boxes in that regard.  My major gripe about this Arby's is in their haste to always upsell you they charge you more than what you order. I upgrade my drink size but it doesn't mean I want their gigantic curly fries. I finally had to read the riot act today and spell it out for them. Many years ago you would get a print out receipt of every item you ordered. These days you get the total you were charged on your credit card but you don't have any idea if you were charged correctly on each item.  So even though I still like you Arby's, I'm not ringing that bell.
