2 Du Nails is a busy little shop in an easily accessible plaza.  The parking is adequate, and the location is good.  It's in the same plaza as Pei Wei, Sauce, and Safeway, so it is easy to run errands while waiting for your appointment... or to get your nails done before picking up carryout.  The shop has the ambiance of a garage. There is no attempt to decorate or provide comfort.  This is a place to get the job done as fast as possible, so don't expect to come out feeling relaxed or better about anything except being able to check another errand off your list.  The technicians do an adequate and totally impersonal job at applying and polishing acrylic nails.  They have Spa chairs for pedicures.  Their pedicures are better than the nail services, but the garagelike atmosphere really detracts from the experience.  The thing that struck me here is that they are geared to provide one kind of service.  They are good at applying a tip and covering it with acrylic.  If you want tips applied for a special event, or are happy with polish instead of a pink and white look, and do not need a lot of atmosphere, i would recommend them. They do not backfill well, and they do not want any client who requires more than their regularly allotted time to do nails.  The only person in the shop who does sculpts without tips is the owner, Du.... and he seems to prefer not maintaining clients.  I have sculpts instead of tips, and he did not want to do my nails after a couple of weeks because "it took too long."  I have 2 friends who tried his shop.  The first time they went to him.  When they returned to have their nails filled, he had another tech do the job and they were less than happy with the work.
5 I like this place ! I always get my nails done by Mr. Du himself. He is the best. Talkative and sweet and he does a really good job.
2 Let me preface this review by saying I went there for years, off and on, before Today.  Du himself is a FINE nail tech and does excellent work.  However.  I attempted on my last visit to make an appointment for the fill I wanted today.  He said "no, you no need appointment, just come in."  I reiterated my desire for an appointment and a second time he refused to make an appointment for me, instead insisting that it'd be fine if I just came in.  So I (like an idiot) listened to him, and arrived today at 10am. He said "30 minute wait."  Grudgingly, I accepted this.  By the time 50 minutes had passed and 5 clients (who all had appointments, btw) were taken in past me I lost my patience and called him out.  "What you want me to do?" was his only reply.  Du, I want you to take ANY APPOINTMENT A CLIENT REQUESTS and NEVER turn down an appointment because that means LOST INCOME.... because sure as the sun shines in Phoenix, I will be taking my business elsewhere from now on.  PS - he says they open at 9am but on 5/28/13 at 9:15 AM when I pulled into the parking lot the lights were OFF and no one was there.  When I mentioned this he pshaw'd me and told me I was wrong.  My check-in at another salon half a mile down the road at 9:20 would suggest not.
2 Got a full set today and they look so bad. So many flaws. The polish is sloppy. They don't look neat and clean.
5 Great job! They were able to fit me in as a walk in even though they were very busy. The pedi was great and the fill was even better. Finally after many tries I found a place that didn't cut me with the drill. I will absolutely be back. Everyone was so friendly and knew each other by names. Obviously a well loved establishment.
