1 This has got to be the worst Streets of NY in town. I ordered mozzarella sticks and they not only looked disgusting, but they tasted just as bad. They were either extremely freezer burnt or the breading was not supposed to be on a mozzarella stick. The pizza was jusok but not great. The cheese ravioli with meat sauce looked like it had dog food for meat sauce. I feel sick just thinking about what I just ate. I think they just ruined Streets of NY for me for life, thanks a lot.
4 I get delivery from this Streets of NY all the time, because I live around the corner. Fast delivery time, food is pretty good and consistent with the other locations. Would recommend it. Anytime I've gone in to pick up food the place looked clean, and the staff was very helpful.
4 Love the @StreetsofNY lunch specials!  Two slices of cheese pizza, plus drink; or one slice, and a salad (caesar or garden), plus drink, for $5.  Went with my girlfriend, and loved the atmosphere at this location.  Their pizza is some of the best to be had, and though our waitress was ostensibly unable to distinguish between ranch, and bleu cheese, it was a pleasant experience.  I will definitely return to this location, as it's very close to home. :)
3 I have eaten here with colleagues about a half dozen times spread throughout the past year.  Have had a couple of different subs, the hot wings and pizza.   All were pretty good.  The "Best of Everything" sub I have had 3 times and it has always been good.  Worth trying for sure.  The Pizza was nothing to rave about, but good.  The wings were tasty and cooked nicely.    Again, nothing to get excited about but it's perfectly passable food.    The staff have always been friendly.  I have been there when they have been busy, and when they have been slow and the service has always been reasonable.  No complaints about this place, but nothing really outstanding either.    I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but it's not far from the office, so the occasional lunch is easy. If you're in the area, and looking for a good sub or wings, Streets is a good choice.
5 this place at first seemed like it wasn't going to interest me but since i was short of time to eat before getting back to work i decided to give it a shot. Considering im from chicago a new york style pizza i figured couldn't impress me any more than the prices that target has to offer now a days. when i stepped in the door i was immediately greeted by a young man w/ a sincere smile, he brought me to my table and before you new it my drink was ready & order being giving to the kitchen. the server was very attentive i found out because i guess he saw me looking at my watch and new i had a time limit to get back to work do to when the food came quickly so did my check. He politely said it was for my conveinance incase i was on a lunch break. I was amazed!! he also asked me for my name since he had never seen me there before and made me feel very welcome. I ended up going back to work very satisfied and planned on returning to the streets again on my next lunch break to enjoy another exsperience with that server named Jon
5 Love this place! A group of us (8-10 guys) have tried 3 different SoNY stores. This one really works thanks to Danni. She really knows how to be attentive. We come in every other Thursday and are THRILLED when we see her waiting our table. Hard to believe, but Danni actually remembers our names. Manager is cool/fun too. Great patio when weather permits.
4 We really LOVE the Food here. We hate the service!!!!!!  But, I try to rate mostly on the tayste, quality and price of food. They definately get my vote there!  I think the waitresses are either over worked, under worked or under paid or maybe they've been working there so long they don't have the passion for it anymore. They are rude and when they get something wrong, they act like it was your fault, don't offer to fix it and don't even offer to comp anything or make up for it in any way!  We always get the cheese pizza, the italian pizza with everything on it and cheese cake with cherry toping!  My Experience here Saturday Night:  I tried to buy a bottle of wine for take out and the girl had no clue about the wine list. We were going over the different wines (she didn't give me a wine menue) verbally and I asked if they had a wine called "Layer Cake" She said, "No but we have Chocolate Cake." Then she pointed to the chocolate cake in the fridg. This was "After" I had completely placed my order & paid for it and it already included the Cheese Cake in the prioe order.  LMAO!!!! Is all I can say about that!  I also asked her to NOT put my cheese cake on top of the pizza under the heat. I asked her to get ready for me when I come back to pick it up. Guess what? Right! When I got there the cheese cake was sitting on top of the Hot Pizza under the heat! Exactly what I asked her NOT to do!  I don't like Hot Cheese Cake, SORRY!    I asked her to give me a new one, reminded her of what I told her 15 minutes ago and she thought I wanted to "Buy" another slice! I said no, I want you to replace it. She said, "but we already put the cherry topping on top."  I was like, never mind and as I walked out the two girls (waitresses) were giving me an ugly look.
3 With area options like Spinatos and Stumpys, the only reason to get pizza from this over-priced vendor is that they are open on Sunday until 9pm. You wont hate the food, but the value is lacking.
3 The food is good since I am a major pizza fan.  However, the service is not really consistent.
3 had the pizza a while back... not impressed.  spinach salad awesome as are the sandwiches.   was craving lasagne and ordered it last nite.   blah!!   flavor was very blan... added my own parm & spices to mke it edible.  stick with the sandwiches and salads id you order from here
4 I have had food delivered a few times and each time it has been perfect.  I like that you have the option to get garlic bread and salad with your pasta entrée.  The pasta dishes are delicious as are the salads and garlic bread.  Everything is very fresh.  Also the delivery person is very polite and personable.  It is a bit pricey, but an enjoyable once-in-a-while treat and is so much better than the big national chains.
4 I enjoy streets of New York pizza a lot but I do lie stumps wings just a bit more but streets has great wings to
5 oh my godddd! an absolute culinary delight!!! the best is here and you need not venture elsewhere. the pies are divine, and if you enjoy a chicago style deep dish, order the sicilian, wow!! the prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is way casual-cool. best kept seceret ssssshhhhhhh!! tell everyone!!!!
4 I have been to several Streets of New York locations around the valley and haven't had a bad experience at any of them,  and this one was no different.  They have one of the best cold roast beef sandwiches, they are super liberal with the portion of meat and the bread is always very fresh. The wings are meaty enough to order as an entree themselves or great to share. Once you are finished with all of the food you can order up some cheesecake for dessert! Overall this is my go to place when people are looking for a variety of food that all tastes good but still friendly on the wallet.
5 I am more then impressed I am lost for words. It has been a couple years since I been to my neighborhood spot and boy have I been missing out.   I made it just in time for happy hour. After immediately being greeted I was given a nice warm basket of now my new favorite garlic knots with marinara sauce. Those babies were finger licking good. I took advantage of the 10inch pizza and fresh fries. Killed my diet but it was well worth cheating because everything was mighty tasty. So good you best believe I packed up my leftovers.   Quick notes: The Resturant was clean Service with a major smile  Immediate refills on the soda Quick service an checkup from waitress Good fast and fresh Happy Hour Specials Daily  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
3 Ordered delivery. Chopped antipasto salad and a simple pizza. Asked for plates/utensils. Food arrived in time promised. No plates/forks. Hmmm. Food was fine but eating was adventure.
4 We are visiting from out of town and came across this place on Yelp.  Really good service, amazing fresh food (thin crust pizza and very yummy wings).  Nice find!
1 Bad service. Out of wings... Really? Cold pizza & flat soda. Dirty bathrooms with bugs all over the floors. I sent my food back and didn't eat a thing. Very disappointed and unhappy.
