2 The food here is to die for.  The Beijing Duck {Peking Duck] is among the best in the valley, there is no advanced notice required and it is reasonably priced.  I have yet to find a restaurant in the valley that compares in price and quality.    Sadly, we've been having problems with the service lately.  It is to a point where I don't want to go there anymore.  The hostess [also believed to be the owner] has become rude over the past few months and makes for a miserable experience.  She used to greet us and chat a bit at the table, not now; in fact, she's become quite rude :-(  I really enjoyed this place, but find myself frequenting numerous other establishments for my Chines food fix.
3 I still haven't found my West side Chinese, and now, Silver Dragon is closed. So we pressed further Eastward in search of good Chinese food, and gave Super Dragon a try.  Contrary to Bobby Q.s' experience, I actually had really good service, and mediocre / decent food. We found the staff very friendly and attentive. The food came out in a timely manner, and our glasses were often filled.  We ordered BBQ pork lo mein and the House's chicken. The texture of the lo mein noodles were just right -- almost al dente. But the sauce was way too salty.   The House's chicken was basically fried chicken breast, with a vaguely Chinese-spiced brown gravy on top. The menu claimed the sauce was spicy and garlicky. It was neither.   I do like that they serve passion fruit China Mist iced tea there. I probably drank a gallon of it during the course of the meal. Though, that might've had something to do with that salty lo mein too.   I am not ready to give up on Super Dragon yet . I would like to go back some day and try that duck. Plus, it is the best, Western-most Chinese restaurant I have found so far.
1 Before writing this, I had it all planned out in my head. First sentence: "I can't believe I actually went here and am admitting it" but it's obviously a popular spot for yelpers. Crazy.  My mom and dad suckered me into meeting them here and it's kind of awful and agreeably Americanized Chinese food. My parents just love this place and think it's the best Chinese in town*.  Everything tasted totally "off"... even the fried rice, which quizzically had none of the ingredients I'm used to it having. The water tasted dirty and I saw 2 NASCAR t-shirts while I was here (these set my "check engine" light on immediately).   *This both confuses and comforts me... I can finally put to rest dreams of my parents reverting back to their free-wheeling, adventurous, hippie personality types they once graced this world with. They are now Bush-loving Republicans, and I am... okay with this. Breathe, Norma.
4 Super Dragon's main menu is filled with Americanized Chinese food which I ignored as soon as I saw the single page laminated menu in pure Chinese.  The two dishes we ordered were delicious and reminded me of food cooked at my grandma's house in Hong Kong.  The Chinese menu is filled mainly with Cantonese food except for the obligatory Peking duck.  We ordered the bitter melon stir-fried with 3 kinds of diced eggs (salted duck eggs, preserved eggs and regular eggs).  The hints of bitterness nicely balanced the creaminess of the preserved eggs and savoriness of the salted eggs.  The weather was cold so we wanted a braised dish served in a hotpot.  We ordered the mixed veg with dried shrimp and vermicelli (aka mung bean thread) in hotpot.  What came instead of the vermicelli was black moss and the addition of tofu, which was not mentioned.  We didn't mind because we really liked the dish esp the black moss which is a more expensive and rare ingredient.  The flavors were spot on, well-balanced and very comforting.  I'm guessing that food from the Chinese menu is so rarely ordered that the kitchen confused what I ordered with another vegetarian dish on that menu.  I need to find out the name so that I can order it again.  It's a shame that Super Dragon doesn't offer the authentic Chinese menu in English as well.
3 Very standard/typical Chinese fare.  I took Christina D.'s reco on the Walnut Prawns and was the belle of my table by recommending them!  They disappeared completely, vs. the leftover Mongolian Beef and Cashew Chicken entrees.  The menu has a large selection with options ranging from your favorite staples to combinations you have never heard of.  The service was 5-stars, very attentive and helpful servers.  It probably didn't hurt though that the restaurant was pretty slow when we were there -- which is odd for 7:30pm on a Saturday (made me a bit nervous in fact)!  My biggest complaint was the lack of atmosphere.  I don't expect a lot, but it was pin-drop silent the entire time--no music, no background noise, just quiet.  We could hear conversations at other tables and felt like everyone was listening to us as well.  We were there as a part of a birthday night out for a friend, so it wasn't a good fit for our mood expectations.  May I suggest some overhead music just to get the mood going?  Or takeout.....
3 This used to be our regular payday Friday lunch spot, so I have a lot of experience with the lunch menu and the service. However, that was when one of our lunch crew was a guy who wouldn't venture out of a 5-mile radius for lunch and was a pretty simple eater. That guy has moved on and our options for lunch have expanded, so it had been a while... today, a few of us decided to pay our respects.   Super Dragon is consistent. It was simple food, reasonable lunch special pricing, fairly quick to get in and out and they're willing to split your check at the register.   We've had really good experience with service (although, sometimes we feel rushed when we're paying). Our glasses are always full and food orders are delivered quickly.   I must confess, Chinese food is not my favorite... so that probably contributes to me only being able to give it 3 stars.
4 The food is so yummy !!!
4 This has always been our favorite local Chinese take out - and especially on Chinese New Year, the special menu.  OMG its good.  We always call for takeout, one or two items and we are so close that by the time I get in the car and drive there, its done...less than five minutes.    This place gets very busy, and if you get a chance, try out their Peking Duck, Hong Kong style.  Soooo delicious!  Another favorite is the snow pea leaves (not on the menu!!!  cost extra), and the Seafood Bean Curd Soup.  I love the soup here, so many delicious morsels, you can't go wrong with it ever.
4 This place is great. I'm Chinese and I'm very picky about my food. When I want take out, I come here. Granted, I cheat a little because I order things that are not on the menu sometimes but I've never been unhappy eating in or taking out. I even brought my parents and they liked it. It's close and authentic. The staff is friendly, the food is consistent.  It is lacking in atmosphere but I'll give that up for consistently good food.  If you order sweet and sour pork, orange chicken, or similarly Americanized dishes, read a different review. I've never ordered those kinds of dishes here so I can't speak for them.
4 I used to live right around the corner from this restaurant, so it was a frequent destination for my wife and myself.  We went to their grand opening way back when. Alas now we live too far away, but we make a special trip to dine or take out when we can. (Sorry Kam!)  My wife and I lived in the SF Bay area for 14 years so we have made our way around a Chinese menu or two. I try to stay away from the obvious Americanized menu items and take suggestions from our server as to what is fresh and special.  I have never been disappointed with their suggestions off the Chinese menu and regular menu. Sometimes you will get lucky and they have fresh mushrooms, clams, crab, whole fish etc...I have a soft spot for anything noodle and their "dry" chow fun is one of my favorites.  I have found this place to be one of the better Chinese restaurants in town.
2 Decent food, but bad service. Our waitress must have had an egg roll up her butt or something that was distracting her. In all my years of dining I don't think I've ever had a server come to the table, ask only one of the two people sitting there what they wanted to drink, then walk away. Seriously - she got my friend's drink order and walked away! WTF? But then, get this, she did it again, when she came back with my friend's drink and asked if we were ready to order, I ordered my drink, and then she turned to my friend, got her order, and then turned to walk away. I stopped her this time, of course. Oh, and then later, she took my glass to get me a refill, and when she didn't come back for ten minutes, I started looking around for her, and there she was, wandering around the restaurant with it, no idea which table it was from.. The food was decent, like I said, nothing special, but edible, but with that kind of service, I ain't going back.
2 Not great but I ate it. I think everything just lacked flavor. Americanized Chinese food for sure, and I'm fine with that but everything needed salt or something, weak in flavor. I tried it but wont be back. I wanted to like  it cause I live close by.
4 real chinese food, excellent price
5 A bit upset, Super Dragon ruined it for me about a year ago. After my bf introduced me to this place I can no longer eat shrimp fried rice anywhere else in the valley, compared to SD, everything else is simply gross  LOVE SUPER DRAGON AND THE WORKERS
5 This is my neighborhood Chinese Restaurant and a family staple.  I personaly like the roasted / peking duck.  The Shrimp Lo-Mein is good, Fast, Friendly Service, No MSG. Lunch Specials  during the week are awesome too.
4 If you want real Chinese food, ask for the Chinese Chinese menu. Otherwise, you will have your typical American Chinese menu.  We went there twice we thought it was good. We would recommend the  dry scallop, egg white fried rice, it's exceptional!
2 I hate to give a place two stars, but it was entirely based on the food.    I didn't really like anything I ordered.  The service was fine, and the ambiance was pleasant enough...  I had the won ton soup, house fried rice and the Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce.  The won tons were cool in the middle and the soup had frozen veggies in it - I have never seen won ton soup with peas.    The house fried rice was flat and greasy.  My dinner companion commented that the house fried rice was more like what you find on the east coast, if that means anything to you.  The sauce ion the broccoli was twice as salty as they soy sauce.  Frankly, I was just really unimpressed.  I won't be back.  Does anyone know where to get good Chinese in Phoenix, because I sure don't.
4 Good Ol' fashioned Chinese food like you are used to. This place doesn't look too impressive on the outside or even the inside for that matter, however, the food is good and you will get what you expect. The service is fast, friendly and attentive.  A solid pick if you are in the mood for Chinese.
4 I don't do sit down chinese food very much, but would highly recommend this one.  The service was excellent.  The food was very good.  Had fried dumplings (great), spring rolls (best i've had in a long while) and orange chicken.  My husband, child and I got out of there full, with leftovers, for about $25.
4 Yes, I remember the Chinese food of my childhood. It was the "best of the best". No, I don't expect to ever encounter it again. Super Dragon comes close. The service is great. Things have a tendency to come out of the kitchen too fast. So, give your server, your order in stages. Prices are very reasonable.  If you're a Tightwad ... you'll be able to relax here !
4 Good little neighborhood restaurant, we frequent it often for takeout and eat there every Christmas with my Jewish family. A Sunnyslope treasure!
4 Honestly this place is pretty good. I'm still looking for that Chinese place that I can't live without. But the food is pretty good and the service isn't annoying and they are pretty attentive. I get take out here all the time and the girl at the counter has her take out skills down cold. She ALWAYS has my order ready when I get there and I SWEAR my order has NEVER been wrong. I'm so happy about this I tell everyone and tip her a little extra because the effort really goes a long way with me. So thank you for that. I would love this place a little more if they had delivery.
4 Haven't ate here in years due to location but decided to have hubby pick this up for dinner last night.  Mu shu pork- amazing!  crab Rangoon's- Amazing  Chix and broccoli- pretty good broccoli a little mushy  Really enjoyed dinner! check it out for some good eats
5 I was really skeptical going in to Super Dragon with the mixed reviews. I had another cravin' for Asian to picked up mum and headed over to order take-out. Wow. The place was totally empty, but the hostess - I think her name is Kam - was super friendly and immediately jumped in to help us make our selections. We ordered the moo shu chicken, chicken lo mein, two orders of wonton soup, and crab puffs. Ran us about $25 - not bad at all.  I understand the food coming out ridiculously fast - ours was done in under 15 minutes. Kinda skeptical, but it smelled ridiculously good. Crab puffs seemed to lack crab, but were really good anyways. I would order them again, just because they were 8 for under $5. I have had ridiculous difficulty finding a place that serves moo shu in Phoenix - my mum's #1 favorite Chinese thing. Theirs was great! Huge chunks of chicken breast, cabbage that wasn't overcooked or undercooked - and was really flavorful, the crepes were nicely thin and tasty. I didn't like the wonton soup all that much. It may be that I just don't like wonton soup, but there seemed to be frozen veggies in it. Lo mein - decent. Next time, we were recommended to get the crispy noodles - crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.   I think this is our new Chinese place for when I get another craving for salty yum-ness. I'll definitely be back to try different things, and I shall attempt to remember to take pictures before digging in.
4 Tasty dishes - I had panfried noodles/shrimp, had vegetables; my husband had orange shrimp, had broccoli, not too spicy. But service was indifferent and menu didn't explain what was in each dish.
2 Ugh. Ugh ugh ugh. I hate reading reviews where the person just complains and complains, but...this is about to be one of those reviews.  Things must have changed here in the last few years because I remember ordering from here in high school and the food was good. I went here recently with a friend. She ordered sweet and sour chicken and I ordered beef chow mein. The water didn't even taste right...it had a really weird aftertaste and I avoided it after the first sip. My friend's sweet and sour chicken is what awarded this place the 2 stars I gave it, but my chow mein was ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING. I can't even say that it was beef I was served (sorry to have to make the usual Chinese restaurant reference, but truly, it did not taste or smell like beef at all). When the waitress came by and saw I had not touched 99% of my food, she asked if everything was okay and if I needed a box. I informed her that I was not happy with the way the meat was cooked, and she said, "Hmm" and walked away. Apparently that was a sufficient response, and I didn't hear another word from her afterwards.  There are so, so, so many better places to get Chinese from in Phoenix, even in this neighborhood...just don't come here.
5 It is  the best Chinese restaurant I've ever been to.period. You must try it. It's the best
5 Super Dragon is my favorite Chinese restaurant. It was a wonderful surprise after so many disappointing buffets and sit down Chinese restaurants. The egg drop soup, crab puffs, orange chicken, Cantonese noodles, and pork fried rice are my favorite foods to get there - but you can't go wrong here. Everything is delicious!   The service is fantastic. You are seated as soon as you walk in the door, and you won't wait more than ten minutes to get your food. They keep your drinks full and will pack up your leftovers for you. Great prices too. I eat here at least once a week.
4 very good chinese food, need to know what to order
4 One of the Better Chinese places I have been to after leaving the Northeast US and starting my travels. Volume for Price is great. Have had well over half there lunch time fare and I would order any of it again. Very Quick Service. Especially helpful at lunch time there when you have to get in get out and go. Just be finishing your cup of soup and they are already bringing your entree to you if not sooner than that. Just happened to go there for lunch again today and did not disappoint as usual. Even added 1 more menu item I had not had before Peppered Steak. It was good. Nothing to write home about but rather tasty and wouldn't try to talk anyone out of ordering it. Definitely a place to stop if you are hungry for Chinese. With the many many poor choices out here in the AZ this one definitely stands out.
5 We have eaten here many times but this time was extraordinary for some reason. The service was impeccable! The timing of bringing the food was perfect. We had the crab puffs. I never eat crab but this was great! I had the sweet and sour chicken with brown rice. There was enough for two more meals after we took it home. My husband got something with rice, chicken, pork and shrimp combined.  I have never reviewed the water before but honestly, it reminded me of the water we used to get right from the spring. I would pay for their water it was so good but it's FREE.  This is a great place if you want to have a conversation with someone, it's quiet.  NOTE: stellar report from the health department (does anything else matter???)
5 One word: consistent .  That is for both food and service. There are other Chinese restaurants with good food, but none with service that can complete with Super Dragon. We have been going there for over 20 years, and this review is 20 years overdue.
4 Wonderful Chinese food for a very fair value.   My favorites Salt & Pepper Shrimp with the shell. But no shrimp head oh well. It's hard to find Chinese food cooked for Chinese and not the american palette. Also Salt & Pepper pork, Sea Bass House seafood on crispy noodles. Black pepper Beef. They also do celebrate Chinese New Year and offer a Special Menu that is also very tasty.
1 awful, food is bad and there is nogood service.
5 Chinese food is by far my favorite cuisine and I have traveled around the world trying dishes.  I'm giving this a five star purely for the house special crispy pan fried noodles with seafood.  They are very generous with their portions with fairly large shrimp, fish, calamari, and best of all a couple pieces of jumbo scallops.  If you are a seafood lover  this is a must get.  The sauce is incredible in its flavor and compliments the crispy noodles.  My 10 yr old daughter is not a fan of seafood, but she loves the sauce  with the noodles.  I've tried several other entres in my numerous visits, and they are consistently very good especially for its location considering it not near any of the little asias in Phoenix.  Like others have noted,   service is very fast and very friendly and consistent. Pricing is a good value.  Again,  Crispy pan fried noodles is to die for an excellent choice for $12.00
4 Food was very good.best I have had in the valley so far. I am from the NE and this has been the closest thing to there I have been able to find. We had Peking Duck which was prepared perfectly.Service was prompt and it was very reasonably priced
4 I ordered takeout from this place last night and I was very happy with the service. They said the food would be ready 10 minutes from the time we ordered it and it was there waiting for us (and piping hot) when we walked in barely 10 minutes later. The staff was friendly and efficient. We ordered the pu pu platter for two, orange chicken, orange beef, and kung pao shrimp. It turned out to be two huge bags of food - definitely worth the money. All of it was delicious, though we ordered the kung pao shrimp to be hot/spicy and it wasn't. The only things I wasn't crazy about were the ribs and this weird bread thing that came in tin foil in the pu pu platter. The ribs were very sinewy and fatty and the weird bread slash fish slash cheese triangle (no clue on earth what was in there) was rubbery. I'll definitely come back to try more of their menu, but I probably won't order the pu pu platter again.
4 Recently ordered an embarrassingly large amount of take out from Super Dragon and couldn't be happier.    When I called it in they surprised me by stating that it'd be ready in ten minutes.  (again, I ordered a LOT of food) So when I skeptically walked in barely 10 minutes later to find it sitting on the counter  - they had me sold.  Both the orange beef and orange chicken were delightful, only note - I recommend ordering them both extra spicy, but that's me.  The kung pao shrimp could have used a few more shrimp, but name a place where that isn't true.  All in all, fantastic take out experience - I will definitely order here again.
3 Good food. Good service. Seems to be my local go to Chinese restaurant.
1 Too bad that my first review on Yelp is a negative one :( . I went to Super Dragon today. I ordered Kung Poa chicken, and I could not eat it. The chicken tasted really really bad, as if they re heated it (the taste of left over chicken), also the rice comes on the side in a pot that you scoop from and it will go to other guests after you finish. well who knows if the guest before you did scoop properly with out making a mess, without coughing, sneezing or even laughing over the rice pot while scooping? I was totally unsatisfied.
5 huge portions. steaming hot and super fast too!
4 Staff was friendly and fast. I tried the orange chicken, kung pao veggies and some crab puffs. Everything was pretty good overall. I think Chinese rest. are the only places that can get away with such old furniture.
4 Food is great!! Prompt customer service, a little pushy but they are on it. My glass was never empty and food is prepared perfectly everytime. Never any undercooked mushy rice. The house chicken is crispy and the sauce is not like any other house sauce. The sizzling rice soup is what got me hooked. It's full of flavor, egg drop, pork, shrimp, chicken, water chestnuts, veggies, and the rice.
4 As many of you know, it ain't easy getting good Chinese food in Phoenix.  Super Dragon is really one of the only places that does it right for my taste.  The employees are very friendly and provide excellent service.  The food is always good, and it comes out fast.  I haven't ordered take-out from them, but I have some friends who have and they say it's quick and efficient.  They have a pretty good list for their inexpensive lunch menu.  The dinner offerings are more extensive, and offer a good selection--especially if you like family-style dining.
5 Great food!! Every time I came here I always have something unexpected. The food is nice and hot. Boss lady is super funny and friendly. Sizzling rice soup is the best. Love it!
1 I was traveling from Tucson to Phoenix for training and staying at the Best Western Plus about a mile away. The hotel had advertised this restaurant,  the reviews were great and I decided to go there. I went there wanting to just take my food and eat it at the hotel room where I could get comfortable but I can honestly say I took longer deciding what to order than it took for them to actually hand it off to me  which makes me question the integrity of how they make their food since I ordered the beef crunchy noodle. The customer service was horrible, no eye contact, no courtesy when speaking directly to the customer, and I know they had the potential for it because there was a woman sitting besides me which she was greeted by a warm,  loud hello followed with laughter and a full blown conversation while I was just handed my food followed by a hurried "bye". I get to the hotel and guess what? There was no fork included with my order but luckily the hotel provided me with one.  Hoping that the food was going to be as stellar as everyone had posted and have my troubles compensated by the taste of this food... I can say I was sorely disappointed.  The beef was chewy,  it tasted overcooked, it was just disguising eating it that I just ended up throwing the food away.  It was a waste of time,  gas,  and of $10.29 out of my account but lesson learned. The fortune cookie was tasty though :)
5 Love this restaurant!! Clean,amazing service and great food. I've loved everything I've tried, but the house chicken and xo string beans are my favorite! I've been several times and have also placed to go orders and have never been disappointed. If you like Chinese food, this place is a must. You are always greeted immediately and drinks are refilled as soon as your empty. They also give you free hot green tea. Can't say enough about how much I love this place!
4 Good place overall.  The sesame beef (see picture) had nice texture and the sauce had a tangy kick to it.  The pork friend rice was excellent overall, they use the cubes of red pork instead of the nondescript strips.  Overall quality was a step above the average Chinese take out.
5 This place was excellent. Friendly staff and a really nice environment. We'll be going here again!
5 The best in AZ! Great staff, never a turn around! They remember you! And they have the best crab puffs with cream cheese and my favorite, although I've tried several and NEVER a bad meal is: House Chicken, little but spicy but perfect breast chicken. Hard to find that in Asian places. All my love, all my referrals! Wonton Lady!
4 Excellent service and very good food. The waiter was helpful in guiding my order. I was eating alone and my initial menu choices would have been too much for a single.
