5 There is a reason why the word Best is in the name Best Funeral Services & Chapel. They truly are the best.  My father died unexpectedly and I didn't have any experience in funeral homes. After meeting with a large funeral home chain, I knew that wasn't the direction I wanted to go. I found Best Funeral Services online and that same day I was able to meet with Julia Ramirez. Their packages were simple and very straightforward. No hidden fees like the other funeral home. Julia was very empathetic, professional and sweet during the entire planning process. I highly recommend her, she is like a friend a friend to me now.  Their prices were also about 40% cheaper than the big funeral chains. I recommend to skip over the big chains and go straight to Best Funeral Services, and I found out that Best is also family owned.  Their employees are wonderful and professional, the chapel is beautiful and there isn't any pressure. This is what you need when you are dealing with an unexpected death in the family.  --Andrea
5 My daughters Dad passed away unexpectedly. They did not know what to do and where to go for their father's funeral services. After going to large funeral chains, my daughter found Best Funeral Services & Chapel. I have to say I was not with them when they chose it but was very impressed when I first met Julia and the staff there. They were so personable with my daughters and with everyone that attended the services. Julia acted like she knew us for a long time. She made my daughters feel at peace and were there for them when they needed help and advice. I would definitely recommend them to anyone who is looking for a funeral home that are caring and empathetic. Thank you Best Funeral Services &  Chapel for putting my daughters at ease and making their father's funeral services very beautiful and memorable.    Sincerely,  Their Mom, Erma
5 My Grandma recently died of cancer without having any money or plans for afterwards, so we picked Best Funeral from a list a hospice person gave us. The building looks really generic and basic on the outside, so I was skeptical. But the girl we talked to, (must've been Julia judging by the previous reviews) was really sweet and patient with us. We could not afford much and were only doing a simple cremation with no memorial service, embalming or anything and we were not pressured AT ALL to upgrade or buy anything that we didn't need. It was very refreshing. The day after the initial consultation, my mom and I were allowed to come back and dress my grandma and do her makeup as she would not have been happy to be sent off into the afterlife looking sickly and wearing a hospital gown. I was amazed that we were allowed to do this ourselves and it made me so happy. I'm bothered by current funerary practices where people just hand their loved one over and have nothing to do with caring for them after death, so it meant so much to me to be able to give my beloved Grandma the final gift of looking pretty on her way out. This also gave the rest of my family a chance to see her looking nice and more how she did before she was sick (they came back to see her for a couple minutes when we were done with the makeover). I know it sounds creepy to do that yourself, but it was actually a very joyful experience for my mom and I that would not have been possible without the awesome girls at Best Funeral. They even came in and helped us without us asking and seemed to genuinely enjoy their work and taking care of the deceased. Thank you so much Best Funeral for making this awful time a little but better for me and my family.
5 Best Funeral Services has helped my family twice now.  Both times they have been considerate of our spiritual and emotional need to provide the best quality care for our loved ones.  The focus was on taking care of our loved ones and not on which packages we had to buy.    As she guided us through the process Julia  R.  was more of a family member than a funeral director.  The end result was a beautiful, dignified farewell to our loved ones.
5 Best Funeral Services and Chapel are the "BEST". When my Mother passed away two weeks ago. The first place I thought of was Best Funeral Services for my Mother's funeral services. My daughter's used them for their father's services two years ago. After his services, I remember my Mother telling me how she liked the way my daughter's were  treated by Julia and Allison. Well, when I walked into Best two weeks ago, Julia came up to me and gave me a big hug and asked me "how my girls were doing?"  She remembered me from two years ago. Wow, I was so impressed that I knew that I was going to use them. The services were beautiful and they made my Mom look so beautiful. She did not look fake like some funeral parlors make people look. My Mom looked like she was asleep. Julia R. is wonderful and made the whole process go smoothly, from the viewing, to the church services and the cemetery services. I will continue to recommend Best to anyone who is in need of a funeral parlor/chapel. We were treated like family from them and not just another client. Family members that came out of town were so impressed as well. I would like to thanked them again for such a beautiful service and making my Mother look so Beautiful.  And for all the support and help they given me and my family members. Julia R, Allison and the staff of Best, you guys are the greatest. Thanks again. You made the process so easy for me.   Sincerely,  Erma
5 We used them for my father-in-law who was laid to rest today. They were sensitive, competent, and less than half the price of one of their competitors. We could not be more pleased.
5 I was set up with this place due to my father's passing. I was very impressed with the professionalism and care that they provided to him and to me. I was able to view him after I had set up all of the services necessary for him and they also took care of the details.   The pros:  1.  Extremely caring and professional staff. Worked with me step-by-step to ensure that all of the expectations I had were met. They took care of sending his remains to where he wants his service.   2.  Pretty easy to find, lots of parking, and very spacious. They even have a memorial wall for those that may not have specific requests for a burial spot.   3.  Very affordable and provided all of the options. I went with cremation as it was what my father requested.  4. Will help you with all of the legal steps, specifically the certificate of death. They are also very detailed to ensure it answers most questions asked by insurance providers, Medicate, Social Security, and any others.  The cons:    None for this place, just for the state of Arizona and their draconian steps. Too many legal issues, especially when a living will or power attorney are established. If it seems shady, then you can figure it out. If the documentation is present, there really aren't any questions.
5 I never thought I would be writing a review in relation to the sudden passing of my Mother....but, I have to say that during the worst time of my life, Best Funeral Services handled everything with the utmost sensitivity and business etiquette. At no point did I feel as if I was just a client or just an opportunity to make money. In fact, after my mother's cremation, Best even called me with an idea on how to save money and I could receive a slight reimbursement - now that is OUTSTANDING customer service. Additionally, I had a few small requests that I specifically wanted for my Mother.....Allison (at Best) was truly diligent in ensuring that those requests were made - which may seemed minor to the average person but meant the world to me for my Mother.   Note - we didn't have an actual funeral at Best because we had it at my Mother's church. Best handled all of the arrangements from picking my Mother up from the medical examiner (coroner) to her cremation and then shipping her ashes. Best was amazing.....and that is coming from someone who lives in California and had to find a place unexpectedly and from out of state (we handled all of the actual business in person).
