5 Around eight or nine years ago my family was looking for a vets office that was caring, trustworthy, and up-to-date on vet medicine.  We found Palo Verde Animal Hospital  via the Internet and have been taking our various pets ever since.  We've taken multiple dogs there and one cat and the care has been noteworthy for all of them.  The office is small.  The whole building is small but the care is great.  The waiting room has coffee, water, various flyers and information of interest to pet owners, and Animal Planet on an overhead TV.  The waiting room and examination rooms are clean.  The last one I was in had one of the vet's multiple degrees and certificates on the walls as well as a few articles that had been written about her.    They're a little pricey for their services but they don't constantly try to up-sell you and sell you procedures your companion animal may or may not really need.  The staff are nice both on the phone and in person and seem to really care about animals versus just doing their job.  I've always felt I could trust them to provide compassionate, appropriate, quality care. If you're looking for a place you can trust, you might want to check them out.
1 I saw the reviews, need to take my sick turtle in for examination and they agreed to get me in right away. The quoted me $69.50 over the phone for the visit but once I got there, they said they misquoted me and it would be a $100. I keep the visit, saw the doctor and he recommended a $100 lab test + possibly tube feeding at a costs into the thousands. The total visit was $220. I later found out that the procedures where unnecessary and the charges where way over inflated. These guys are out just to make a buck off of you. Do yourself a favor and find another vet that cares more about pets then just your money.
1 While my girlfriend has already reviewed these clowns, I thought I would take a moment to convey to all of you what a bunch of clowns this place has. We have a 2 year old chihuahua/daschund mix that was very obviously in distress Tuesday night. On Wednesday morning my girlfriend took him to Dr. Babcock's crew at PVAH.   I received a phone call while she was in the exam room with him at 9 am thursday morning where Dr. Babcock felt it appropriate to explain to me that I need to prepare myself to spend "up to three thousand dollars on Muddy because he has a very life threatening condition". At no point did this joker elaborate on what he thought the problem might be. He just seemed to want to play off of our emotions in a clearly taxing time to try and milk us for more money. After paying these clowns over 500 dollars for a parvo cite test, a barium test, a full blood work up, urinalysis, a 500ml IV, and an antibiotic injection we left with an untreated dog.   After seeing no improvement by Thursday and being told to be prepared to "spend thousands" by these @ssholes we elected to see an old family veterinarian that my parents adore. After being in the other office for only 10 minutes the other vet (We'll call him Dr. Competent) found that our dog had a herniated disc in his neck after a cursory range of motion exam. The difference between the two Veterinarians? Dr. Competent took the time to examine our puppy dog and demonstrate genuine care for his well being as well as demonstrating himself as a competent practitioner of veterinary medicne.   Turn the aggravation scale up to about half  After our exam with Dr. Competent, the staff at the other clinic was kind enough to take a look at the bill from PVAH and they nearly fell over. I have seen some pretty shady characters operate (I own an auto-repair shop so you can imagine) but these assholes take the cake for shadiest crap I have seen since I have been in Phoenix. I was finally informed at the end of my visit to the second veterinarian that all the treatment options that these jokers tried to sell us we obviously not needed except to increase my bill.   Now I'm pissed  This place sucks in ways I cannot even begin to explain. When I say take your animals to ANYWHERE OTHER THAN THESE CROOKS, I really do mean it. These @ssholes will try their level best to take advantage of you and your wallet during a very difficult time. My Verdict: Screw this place and the pack of crooks that infest it....
1 This is the worst service ever. I went in with a complaint of animal that couldnt walk and was in pain. Ross Babcock is old and should retire. Just like the previous person he proceeded to do a physical exam to see if anything was broken, good thing nothing was broken. During his doing the exam the animal whimpered but Babcock was to deaf to hear it. He proceeded to talk down to me and tell me nothing was wrong with his he wasnt in pain and there is no pain medications to give this animal and did more tests. Come to find out this is what happens in the end stages of animals life.. I am sad my animal died the next day so if you worried about your animal RUN FAR AWAY FROM HERE!!!!!
1 receptionist was very rude and i would never take my pet here!
4 We've used them for dog boarding when we go on vacations. Our dog always appears to be in good health upon arrival. We've used them for many years.
1 My dog ended up here after being hit by a car (I was on vacation and someone was watching my dog for me) , because it was the closest option. Long story short , I felt ripped off.  The review by Mike W. is very familiar to me. I was misled , and  they were performing procedures just to increase the final bill. After 2 weeks in their "care"  my dogs condition deteriorated and my dog had to be put down.   I do not want to relive the experience emotionally so I'm keeping this short.
5 Kind, companionate, quality care.
5 I'm reading prior reviews and I'm kind-of shocked.  When I was married, my ex and I first brought his little Chi in for puppy shots and stuff.  Loved the place, loved the staff.  First time we were in they had a big carrier full of kittens they were helping a client find homes for.  They took them out and let us hold them:)   Some months later I brought my Chinchilla in.  The news wasn't good...he was dying, most likely Kidney related.  I was told tests could be done, but it might be expensive.  I declined and he passed away several days later.    I can't vouch for shots, as I do my own.  About a month ago, I had to bring my big kitty, Felix in to be put to sleep.  I was, naturally, a complete mess.  As I entered the room, I was greeted by a beautiful crochet'd blanket with red crochet'd roses spread out over the table, which he went to sleep on.  It was really very touching.  Just today, I received a baked clay heart with Felix's name on it as a keepsake.  Personally, I have been VERY happy with Palo Verde and will continue to take my pets there.   To the staff @ Palo Verde: Thank you for your kindness as Felix went over the Rainbow Bridge.  It meant more to me than you know.  I'm truly, truly touched. -Christina
1 This place is horrible!!! I got my dog from a shelter, took him here for his first vet visit and was told he needed all of this work done. I walked out of there paying $600 for medication, plus all the "work" he needed done was going to cost over $1,000. I was freaking out and it just didn't seem right. I met this guy at a dog park and told him about it, and he said he took his dog there too and said that place is horrible. He recommended me to another place. After taking him here I was told he didn't need any of that work done.   I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone. They were VERY impersonal and all they cared about was my money. I'm a person who goes off the vibe I feel when I first walk into a place. If I'm not comfortable there must be a reason. Sure enough, there was! This place is HORRIBLE!!!
5 Palo Verde Animal Hospital has been my vet for the past 5 years. I have one dog with allergy issues and another dog with epilepsy, and the team at Palo Verde has done a great job of helping me to manage both sets of issues. Particularly the epileptic dog - Dr. Babcock once even met me at the office at midnight on a Saturday to give me a valium prescription and couldn't have been nicer about it. Another time he took my dog home with him over the weekend to troubleshoot the situation. He is older as other reviewers have mentioned, but that has NOTHING to do with the quality of his service which is excellent. I also deal regularly with Dr. Sam and Dr. Ottman and always feel like my pets are in good hands when we visit.
1 I so wish I would have read Yelp before taking my dog here. They are horrible !!!  I called when my dog landed wrong on her leg and was limping. When I called I was quoted 66.58 for the exam and 114.00 if xrays were needed. The tech was awful. It appeared as though she has no idea what she was  doing. The doctor examined her pulled extremely hard on her shoulder to get her to yelp. He said she needed xrays. The tech said it was going to be 215.00. I explained to her that I was quoted differently , but they would not honor the quote. It took over 25 minuets to take them. The doctor came in and told me( with props) that he screened her for valley fever by looking at her bones. I did not bring her in for screenings . I took her there for a potential injury. Had I been told that he was doing the xray for another reason, I would have not said yes. He went on to try to sell me everything from 400.00 tests ( insisting that many dogs in Arizona get valley fever and need to be screened) to counseling because my dog is overweight and I need to be trained on how to feed her. So insulting !!!! He said he was giving me medication. He did not ask if I wanted it , nor did he tell me it was over 50.00. It turned out to be pain medication she did not need, nor did I use it.  The only pain she was in at the office is when he pulled on her until she was in discomfort.  They have no interest in the well being of an animal , just the well being of their cash register. I intend to follow up with a complaint to the BBB. I hope to recoup some of my money for charges( xrays) that were not necessary for her diagnosis. Shame on them for feeding off a pet owner's concern to make a buck !!!
5 Recently my puppy ate a rock and got it stuck between her teeth. She was in a significant amount of discomfort so I took her to the closest vet I had seen to our house. I had never been to Palo Verde Animal Hospital, but they were very accomodating and got us right in to see the doctor. The girl at the front desk, the lab tech, and the doctor were all very nice and understanding of our situation. After trying unsuccesfully to remove the rock manually, the doctor decided that my dog should be sedated. They took her to the back and had the rock out in no time. The final bill was (in my opinion) very reasonable and I was very appreciative of their assistance. I will definitely consider them for my dog's future needs/emergencies.
5 Just a great place! Quality veterinary care!
