4 I call it "The Fast Lane".  The kids who work the drive thru here always get it right, are incredibly fast, and unfailingly courteous - without overdone spiels or orchestrated upsells. This is the best of the new (technology, efficiency) combined with the best of the old (steady, hardworking kids, unburdened by consultants  keen on turning them into obnoxious 'sales associates'.)  Understated, bedrock service.  Kudos to the mgr. Your guys and gals do a terrific job.
2 I do love the quick service and delicious food.  McNuggets are my guilty pleasure.  Today, I went and ordered a large iced tea unsweetened at the drive thru.  Another bonus is the $1 drink.  However, the tea was not fresh.  It was gross and I threw it away.  Shame on you for not keeping fresh tea on hand on a hot day!
5 Okay, the 5 stars is for one thing and one thing only. My diet coke first thing in the morning. I don't know why McDonald's diet cokes are so good, but they are the best fountain cokes around.  This location is nice in the early mornings to get in and out. Be careful later in the day as the drive thru gets very congested due to the location.
5 Exemplary customer at drive thru. Very friendly. Great food.
5 I love this location.  Everyone is really nice.  And the speed of the service is amazing.  You may be the 7th car in the drive-thru, but you will place your order, pay, and receive your food in 5 minutes.  Same goes for when you're inside.  There is limited seated inside, but there's usually not a long line and you get helped and served right away.  Right now I live within walking distance, but if I moved further away and there was another McDonald's that was closer to me, I would still go out of my way to go to this one.
3 Busy location. Clean and modern interior, same average staff as other locations.
5 As far as fast food, this place won all the stars. We didn't use the restroom, so I do not know how nice or clean they are, but we were in a hurry and this place fit the bill.  It looks pretty new an neat, I kind of liked the decor.  Our cashier Cathy was super nice and friendly, we used a coupon from the Entertainment Book and it was a breeze.  I took a few steps and it felt like our food was ready within seconds... We had found a nice table and we eat really fast, overall I estimate we spent like 10 minutes there and our order and food must have taken like 2 minutes -see my review about JIB, by Cave Creek and Beardsley : (  Also, I admire people that are attentive to their customer's needs, while we were getting our drinks, I overheard another cashier (Sofia I think) ask a group of customers if they wanted an extra chair, and think she went and got them one from a table nearby... I thought that was really nice.  Also, when I got my coffee the lady that gave it to me made sure I got the cream and sugar I needed (I had a bad experience with this on the McDonalds at Cave Creek and Beardsley once, where they ask you when you place the order and we left just for me to find out my coffee had no cream, no sugar : (  Also, there was a long line at the drive-through, and some times we have had an issue in other places where they help the drive through customers really fast and those that went inside have to wait longer... Does not seem to be an issue here.
5 This, ladies and gentlemen, is what fast food is supposed to be like. Unhealthy but prompt : ) Stopped here for breakfast on our way to the zoo (volunteering and almost late). We decided to go inside but order to go. 2 minutes, tops.  Hubby got his drink, we stopped back by the counter, I made a comment about the bad idea for the McCrap name (McWrap), and done was our food. We got it and left.  Fast, easy, good parking, friendly service.
3 I love Bog Macs, but the doctor said that is the absolute worst thing to be eating... I went here last week and the guy was a prick at the window.  I used to love happy meals, it's always fun for kids OCCASIONALLY.  Anyway, descent place to go.
4 For fast food, list location is pretty nice. They get you in and out pretty quickly and I've never had a problem with the food. It also feels cleaner than most fast food restaurants I've been to. Maybe because it's a fairly newer location. My son would give it five stars because he loves their happy meals. I like their grilled chicken wraps a lot and their coffee is also very good. When I'm craving iced tea you can't beat their $1 pricing. Overall I'm a fan! As good as fast food can get!
5 This is the best Mcdonalds I have ever been to.  I have never been inside of it, but in the mornings they always have me in and out of the drive thru in under 5 minutes on my way to work.  Often with 6-8 cars in front of me.  Very efficient.
3 Majority of the time this location is a grade 'A' location, EXCEPT the managers in the morning. Last night my hot carmel mocha was made incorrectly, can't even tell you what it was, but it was cold and disgusting. This has only happened once before and the manager on duty was good at giving the money back to me the next morning when I get off of work. Especially last night 06/21/22 around 915 PM who ever was the supervisor (sorry forgot your name) but you were an absolute sweetheart! You upfront said "My name is _____ and I'm the manager on duty and I take full responsibility"...something so simple like that and understanding without just quickly saying "Oh okay...well we can get you another one" you went over and beyond, but that one statement caught my ear the most! Thank you and keep up the great work sir. I came back to get the refund for the coffee and the "manager" on duty was so careless. I simply let her know "The manager from last night told me to bring back the coffee I ordered last night to get a refund since I was unable to drink this coffee since it was cold and nasty" Her simple response was a quick "Oh ok. Here." - not a "Oh, I'm sorry about that" or nothing. She simply did a promo for a coffee and walked away, whipped her nose with her hand, walked over towards the hash browns and coughed with her mouth wide open, but didn't cover her mouth. I find stuff like that incredibly discussing and if that McDonald's wasn't full of customer's eating I would've called her out on how disgusting she was, sucks for the people who ate from there today...don't be surprised if you get sick. After that nasty mess I stated "So what's going on? You entered another drink, I stated I need a refund"...and her response was "You want a free coffee and and refund" - excuse me? First off - the coffee wasn't free secondly if you were to listen the first time, I stated I was told by the manager from last night to come back for a refund, but instead of being disrespectful and have a slick mouth like her, as I'm so well at doing, simply told her "NO, I said a refund...I don't need a coffee anymore, I worked my shift last night". She's lucky she didn't have her name tag on, another violation to dress code, because I definitely would've put it in this review. ANYWAYS - besides my bad experience today, DURING THE AFTERNOON / EVENING this location is pretty good at doing the right thing, but the few times I've been here in the morning for anything as simple as a drink, to a combo, something is always wrong or someone always rolled off the wrong side of the bed
