4 Cave Creek between Cortez and Cactus is a great place for antique hounds.  There is a plaza filled with antique malls from one end to the other.  The largest of the shops is "Everything Goes." It occupies 3 storefronts on the south end of the plaza.  Like a lot of other shops, this one is a conglomeration of shop owned merchandise, and consignment which is arranged in little consignor areas and shelves.  This shop has the largest variety of quality merchandise, and most is at very good prices.  Since a picture is worth a thousand words, I took some.
5 Lots and lots of stuff.  The occassional bargain for the person searching for true antiques, but most of the stuff is good used furniture and decorative items.  If you want inexpensive, but good stuff for your home I'd highly recommend it.  Very friendly owner and staff.  Keep your eyes peeled and you'll find great stuff!
3 -Everything Goes used to have a way better selection of vintage stuff, but recently it's more like a home decor boutique with stuff you find at Kirkland's.  -What happened to the antiques and vintage stuff? I saw MORE modern day stuff than old stuff. Wasn't always like that.   -Parking is convenient.  -The owner is friendly.  -Clean restroom.
5 I've shopped here for awhile......I love, LOVE this treasure of a store. Very friendly owner (Nanci). I follow her store on Facebook and love reading up on all the updates and specials they have. I even told her what I was looking for - for my daughters bedroom and within 12 hours she had pictures sent to my e-mail.  I highly recommend this place is you are looking for treasures! :)
5 Very fun little vintage shop.  You never know what you will find here.  There are quite a few vendors who bring in a wide range of merchandise.  I have purchased a beautiful antique console, I brand new Tommy Bahama Travertine Console as well as a lot of vintage and rustic decor.  It's always fun to stop in and see what treasures I can find.  Very affordable!
5 I have been going to this store for years and its one of my favorite places to go.  There is always and eclectic array of furniture, antiques and unique items and the prices are great!  Staff is always friendly and helpful. I highly recommend them!!
5 Favorite spot so far! Great selection, most vendors have excellent prices. Lots of fun shops in this little strip mall. This will be my go-to location from now on!
