5 Yay! I'm a fan.  I've used City Wide Pest control many times for spraying inside and outside my house to control the bug population at my home.  The technicians are always very professional, friendly and are willing to answer any questions you may have.  Unlike many other Pest control companies, City Wide does not require you to sign a contract or agree to a certain number of months of service. You can just ask them to set you up month to month and they'll give you a call each month to see if you would like a service scheduled.  Nothing but good experience with City Wide so far. I recommend them.
5 Definitely!  City Wide Pest Control has good service and a great price.   The technicians are always on time and friendly they will show up as early as 7am if you need. They have a 21 day warranty if it rains and the price is less than any other company I have used.    There is no contract or agreement needed and you can have them call you monthly to set up service or you can call them on a as needed basis.  I definitely recommend them.
1 I decided to use City Wide because of their lower price.  Well I should have known better.  I was using another company for my pest control but thought I would give it a chance since I was trying to save a little cash.  One night inside my house, I almost stepped on a scorpion and I never had problems with scorpions with the other company.  Two days later, I found yet another scorpion in my house. I called City Wide the next day and told them I found two scorpions in my house.  The customer rep was extremely rude and condescending with me.  She told me I could up my coverage but it would cost a lot more.  Also, they would charge me another $25 fee on top of my monthly charge since they had just been out to my house to spray.  I DO NOT recommend City Wide and would suggest to seek other companies unless you want bugs, critters and scorpions living with you in your house.  Because City Wide was not spraying the right stuff, I'm now behind the eight ball and dealing with a pest issue!!
4 Bought a house and immediately noticed spider webs and crickets all around. Decided to go with these guys when I received a post-card in the mail for $39 for inside and outside.  They gave me the time frame of 2-5pm, which sounded awful to be waiting around for 3 hours. But the technician showed up right at 2pm, I was pleasantly surprised.  He explained to me exactly what he was using and what it was for and also helped clarify what I was seeing.  He was in and out in about 30minutes or less. Very polite. Received a call a day later to check and see how the service was. Then received a letter in the mail with another deal for the full year.  Only down-side is the treatment only lasts about 30days where others last about 60 days. But they do offer a 21 day guarantee-if we see bugs return they will come out again.  Overall I'm pleased.
1 I liked that they offer respray if you find critters within 21 days of spray, but after 3 months of service, have had to have re-sprays EACH month. Paying extra to treat for scorpions and there are now scorpions galore and worse than prior to exterminating...  And to make matters worse, they give a 2-3 hour window to be home and twice now, have not met that window or bothered to call to let me know they were not going to make their time slot, leaving to to reschedule and play the "wait around for the bug guy" all over again.  Do yourself a favor and find a more reliable company.
2 My husband used City Wide for pre treatment on building pads so I called them for our home.  We had the best service man for the first couple years, then a different one every time.  I just did not feel comfortable with many of them and I kept calling for resprays.  The last guy they sent out was " mr. know it all"  refused to spray for ants in the yard because he knew it did'nt work but had a product he could put on the mounds and we should point them out to him.  We have an acre and have no idea where they all are.  We saw bugs 2 weeks later and are shopping for a new company.
1 Second time out for spraying. On time.......but Before starting the job asked for the charges. Was told there was a previous balance????  First time immediately paid with check. No prior authorized work other than the first time.  No way there should be a balance. Then representative comes off with an attitude. Needless to say, no work performed. Too many other competitors to put up with hassle of poor business customer service. Would not recommend.
