4 Open early, open late - 6am to 10pm on weekdays, which is so handy-dandy for us workaholics. For this reason alone I could not go anywhere else, as up until this recession thingy my life has been all about how to get life done while working a gazzillion hours. That said - I've been a Suntown regular for 9 years (anything that CAN be dry cleaned DOES get dry cleaned) with overall consistently good results. The husband has had a few buttons ruined and a couple times had an errant staple in his shirt (???), but the problems are limited to 1-2% of the total items we bring in, so I can live with that. Because of those hours. Dreamy.
1 Don't even think about going here unless you enjoy rude customer service and bad work.
4 Great cleaners, open weird hours, always polite to me, anyhoo.
1 Not that impressed.  Maybe I should have read other reviews from Google (http://maps.google.com/maps/place?hl=en&safe=strict&um=1&ie=UTF-8&q=suntown&fb=1&gl=us&hq=suntown&cid=9747720966802647969)  Regardless, I took two white shirts and black capris in. Both shirts came back with stains still on them. I mention this because I took them to another cleaner and the stains were gone.  Again, not impressed.  :(
1 I finally had enough!   It all started out great (as most) for me.  Loved the hours and convenience. Then they went to a "PAY FIRST" policy.  Ok, I guess, but what if every service based business did that?  don't you think that is kinda strange? Then things got worse. 1.  Girl at counter.  Real harsh and angry.  probably not the best choice for any business.  I felt as if I was mentally abused by the time I left.  It is OK if you don't have any question relating to your laundry.  Eye contact is out of the question. 2.  THEY decide what will be dry cleaned or laundry.??? 3.  if your buttons are thick, there is a problem 4.  if your shirt doesnt button all the way down, there is a problem 5.  Linen blend?  there is a problem 6.  They iron your shirt from wet to dry.  No dryer.  When was this normal? Great place I guess if you don't expect much and have traditional dress shirts.
1 HORRIBLE PEOPLE  they shredded my brand new garment.  The manager was trailer trash rude but finally said that the owner would call me within two days.  Four days later I tracked down the owner.  i barely got a word out when he started screaming at me that the garment was old.  Then he called me a liar and a cheat and told me to get the F out of his store.  This was the worst experience I have ever had with any business.
1 Crackheads should not be managing a business.  Crackheads should not be anywhere NEAR a business that deals with humans.    First time experience was great.  Efficient, affordable and good results.    Second time experience (only the SECOND TIME), HORRIBLE.  They told me they did not have my clothes.  Crackhead did NOT ask me for another number or any other information in order to find me in the system.  Boyfriend dropped off my clothes and crackhead misspelled my name and hence created a whole new profile for me.  Went in to get my clothes and she blamed US for her not being able to locate my clothes.  Not only that but her attitude, tone, and words were absolutely horrible!    She yelled at me in front of the other customers and told me/us not to blame her for the mistake and to get out of the store.  She would not even give us a name.  And this Joe character is the owner???  Riiiight...Joe...  DO NOT go to this store unless you count on luck to get you through.  Just as you can never reason with a drunk, you can NEVER reason with a drug addict.  They will always be right and they are crooks.  Spending another dollar for a nice experience is worth it.
1 Ditto on the rudeness.  Perfect from William B in another review: "Girl at counter.  Real harsh and angry.  probably not the best choice for any business."  Oh my goodness....with the eye rolling and sighing!!!  She had to credit me my PREPAYMENT back (no other cleaner does that) so I could gather my garments back and take them elsewhere.
1 I wouldn't give them 1 star for honesty.  The 2 out of 3 times I've had dress shirts laundered there at least 1 shirt is nearly shredded.  The 1st time when they said the shirt was old I gave them the benefit of the doubt.  Of course the owner, Joe, was never around to talk to.  Today I pickup shirts dropped off Saturday.  The girl attendent shoed me another shredded shirt and tried to tell me it was old.  Not this time, the shirt was almost new and had been only worn 2 or 3 times.  She said oh yes this shirt is old.  So she calls Joe over, he said the same thing shirt is old, must be a canned response.  I responded that it was not.  Joe said yes it is and tried to show me by tearing the fabric with his fingers.  Joe could not tear the shirt..  I said the shirt has been rough handled.  He said no,"it's old" and I responded it's not and then he called me a lier and said this shirt is old.  Flat out called me a lier.  Now I was mad.  I was told to leave the store and said not until you reimburse me for the shirt.  The girl said I wouldn't give you a dollar for the shirt, leave and don't come back.  Trust me I won't even if I have to pay a little more for the laundry.  Two out of three times is not good.  I would not recommend a rip off, dishonest business to anyone and not this place.  There are better and honest cleaners out there that care about your business.  The girl and Joe were crude, rude, foul language and crooks.  I agree w/Joan and all the others that had a bad experience @ Suntown, same experience.
4 I've been here in the past few weeks and still get great service. They now want advance pay, but still provide very good cleaning services.
5 My neighborhood cleaners. I been dropping off my clothes here for many years. As a business professional I have a ton of dry cleaning on a weekly basis. The affordable services makes it convenient and easy on the pockets to return. As you can see I am the duchess with my consistent check-ins. I am just impressed with the prices, services and fast services. I can take my items before I get to work and pick them up once I get off. They offer same day service for $3.00 per item. I have even taken some upscale dress wear that I wore at fancy parties and weddings. The cost was slightly more because the items were delicate but I did not loose a sequin. Even though they are not responsible if one is lost I still have yet to have had one missing. I leave there feeling like a pricness...
1 I must admit  at first I was pleased with my dress shirts. But that ended with the first sign of a problem. I took a skirt for my wife to be cleaned. It came back with the hem completely pulled out. I went back and I was told that "Hems Fall Out Sometimes". She said she would take care of it. So when going back to pick up the evening employee says that will be $15. I am told to  the speak to the manager if I don't like it. Well it went downhill from there. She said that "Hems Fall Out Sometimes" and the charge stands. I am fair minded and offered to split the difference. NOPE!!! I am stunned that the owner/manager would let an established customer leave over$7.50. Glad I know now over a skirt instead of a $500 business suit. I am out and will NEVER EVER do business there again. In a crisis, that is how you know truly how someone does business.
1 Rude  management, out of order/dated machines and low heat dryers....Overheard manager tell a customer to, "go f### yourself" after customer complained that the machine he was using was not getting hot water and he would like a refund. She then continued by saying " our hot water machine is broken and that there is nothing she could do"....
1 Today was a first, I had a police escort to pick up my dry cleaning!!! I dropped off my shirts a few days ago, when my sister went to pick them up for me one of my shirts was missing and a City of Phoenix Police Officers shirt was in with my stuff. Accidents happen, no big deal, so I thought. When my sister asked about my shirt the manager was extremely rude and then transferred her to the owner who hung up on her! That is when I went in to go find out what was going on. I asked for the manager Cori and no sooner did I tell her who I was, she started to yell at me and tell me there was nothing that she could do for me and that they didn't have my shirt. Obviously frustrated, I asked her to contact the owner Joe. She called him and he told her to tell me to leave the property and that they could not do anything for me. I then asked if I could look through the racks of clothes to see if I could find my shirt. This really set Cori off and she threatened to call the police. Knowing that I had done nothing wrong and finding this all very amusing at this point, I told her to go ahead and call the police. They showed up a few minutes later and started asking Cori questions. She then yelled at the officer that was asking her questions!!! While I was outside I noticed what appeared to be my shirt hanging on a rack near the front door. I told the officer and he took a look at the shirt. It matched the description of my shirt that they lost, however it had another customer's name on it. Attempts were made to reach the person, but all we could do was leave a message. An hour later I received a call from one of the Officer's and he told me that it was my shirt and that the name on it belonged to the Officer who's shirt was in my stuff. The Officers met me at the cleaners to pick up my shirt, just to make sure that nothing additional happened. Needless to say, I now have to find a new dry cleaner and highly recommend you do the same.
