3 Clean Friendly Attentive Decent Grub for a decent price.   I had a Spicy fried chicken with fried rice, soup, egg roll and wonton. It was $5.15. The chicken, rice, soup were as expected, the egg roll was better and the wonton thing was boring and bland.   I would go back but it is not something I will be craving.
3 Authentic chinese food, cozy, it can get pretty busy at night as the place is small and it looks like a family owned and run business, so be prepared to wait a bit
1 In summary, don't go here.  I checked out this place on a whim and it was the mistake of the weekend.  I picked up the curry combo plate because I was hoping to try the different types of food they have.  The fried rice was simply rice with soy sauce and maybe somewhat fried?  The noodles they had were pretty bland.  The curry was really bland and watery.
2 Let me open by saying that I absolutely LOVE chinese food, but this place was mediocre at best.   The Good: The staff was friendly and it's close to my home.  The Bad: Where oh where do I begin? I ordered house chicken, shrimp fried rice, vegetable chow mein, and crab puffs. The chicken and chow mein were oka-ay, i guess. I wouldn't eat it again given another option. The shrimp fried rice was brown - and not the normal brown of fried rice, it was more of a burnt sienna. If you're not familiar with this color take a look at a 64 count box of crayola crayons and you'll see what i mean. It's a very odd color for fried rice. The crab puffs were more puff than creamy crab mixture, so i'd have to pass on that too given another opportunity.   The Verdict: If you're hungry or high, and not even the Little Caesar's Pizza next door is open, then go for it. Otherwise, I'd drive a few blocks away and grab Panda Express or Pei Wei before going here again.
4 I must say that I am shocked to see such bad reviews for this place.  The house chicken was wonderful, and the double cooked chicken my wife ordered was pretty good.  For 50 cents more per plate you get wontons and a very large egg roll.  The staff was very polite and attentive.  The fried rice was interesting (rice and soy sauce) and okay but only okay.  which is cause for only a 4 star rating.  My wife and I both enjoyed our meals thoroughly and had to box up more than half our meals and we got out of there for less than 20.00 before tip.  I will definitely try a few more dishes from this establishment.
1 My wife and I tried this place while waiting for a prescription @ the CVS down the street. We should have gone to DQ instead. I had the Yui-Shan Shrimp which was terrible. A flavorless sauce with tons of mushy green peppers and a few bamboo shoots sprinkled throughout. My wife had the Kung Pao Shrimp, which tasted like ketchup and soy sauce, there was no pao to be had. The egg roll was the best part, and only because it was packed with black pepper did it have any taste. We split an order of crab puffs, which were so tiny and overcooked there was maybe one small bite from each piece. The table setting was outrageous! Cloth napkins and delicately placed flowers gave me the sense that the Queen Mother was coming for a visit at any time. I politely paid the bill and left a tip, and will NEVER return there.
1 Incredibly expensive and it took a hour and a half to get it to my door. Then once we got it we found out that they dont deliver won ton soup for take out but its on their menu! Then the food was yuck! I have had allot of Chinese food in my 44 years! This has to be the worst!  I gave one star just cause we did not get sick!  But short of that I would give zero stars if I could. That's how bad the food and the service was.
1 While this food did not make me Kim Jong Il by any means and I don't particularly LIKE Chinese even....steer clear of this place. This was not my choice but it is nearby and unsuspecting hungry people may fall into the trap of ordering some delivery from here especially around the holiday's. Here is your warning. The food was bland no flavor, orange chicken was soggy, pot stickers were the worst I have ever had and I LOVE potstickers PEOPLE!! Chow mein was watery and tasteless. The ONLY thing that was decent was the crab puffs so next time I crave them I just might order them and maybe try some soup. What can I say I might be a glutton for punishment. ;)  Oh also when visiting this shopping mall which I have done many many times this place is pretty much empty except for maybe lunch. FYI.
1 If want a list of place to stay away. this is one of them. I think my one star tell you how I feel about this pit.
3 While I read the negative reviews and agree with their reasoning, I don't believe a 1-star or a 2-star is fair.   yes I will agree their egg drop soup was bland but it wasn't terrible.  Yes the egg rolls were heavily peppered but I ate mine with some sauce on it.  Yes again the fried won ton was lacking, but it was un-needed calories I was willing to skip.   My Mongolian beef wasn't the best I've ever had...but I liked it and ate all of it. My mother, my daughter, and I enjoyed a pleasant lunch for a great price. True, the place was not very full and busy but I tend to like a calm atmosphere.  So it wasn't the worst (1-star) and it wasn't the best (5-star). I'd say 3-star is O.K. and I'll stop in again eventually if I'm in the neighborhood.
4 Pleasantly surprised!   Tonight was my first time here (it's pretty new) I didn't expect much as we were just passing by and it was the only non-fast food in eye-shot. But boy were we surprised!   We had War Wonton Soup to start, very flavorful. Not your typical bland broth with overcooked floaters. Yum.   Entrees were chicken with green bean, shrimp fried rice and orange chicken for the kids. To my surprise the orange chicken was really tasty! The green beans were ok, cooked well but lacking much flavor. But the chicken in that dish was delicious.  Fried rice came out and I was instantly taken to China Town (San Francisco of course) the smell of blackened wok filled the dining room and I got excited. The rice did not disappoint. All together everything was excellent.   Fifth star could have been earned by a cleaner bathroom and more reasonable pricing.   I will be back!
5 I highly recommend the lettuce wraps. A full set of fresh ingredients are brought to the table along including LEAN chicken with water chestnuts, the good kind of rice - lumpy, and hoisin sauce. Do not be afraid to ask for more hoisin sauce.  Under a family ownership and management, the restaurant makes an unbelievably good lunch and dinner at reasonable prices with friendly and unique service. The most adorable little cashier counted back perfect change to me just the other day (with her mother's supervision, of course).   I moved to the neighborhood in 2008 and was instantly addicted to Dragon Bowl. Their flavors are definitely more on the mild side than spicy but they are respectfully traditional. The prices are a tad higher but so is the price of a gallon of gasoline since 2008 so, ya know, how cares?   It's worth it plus gratuity on most occasions.
4 We enjoyed our selves potstickers, crab puffs, S&P pork chops(killer) and  walnut shrimp, BBQ pork Fried (OK)... We will be back!
5 Love, Love, Love this place.  Ordered food for Graduation, went in early in day ordered and paid ahead,  food was ready when promised and everything was delicious.  Absolutely the best Soups....Hot n Sour is amazingly delicious!!!!!   Very friendly, courteous and knowledgable staff....
5 New management has put together a vast menu.  Three of us greatly enjoyed our meals (yui shan shrimp, shrimp w vegs, sweet sour pork).  All delicious. Dining room looks cleaner.   Restrooms better too. We will be back. Hopefully they'll have a little more help.
2 Ordered delivery from here for dinner.  The lady on the phone had trouble understanding my address and despite repeating my credit card # back to me she apparently didn't run the charge through because the girl who delivered the food was expecting payment when she got here.  They had a heck of a time sorting it out and ended up needing my card # again.  I'm a little nervous about what they did with it when they wrote it down the first time.  The delivery girl was very nice though.  The food was mediocre.  We ordered dinner combos.  I got sweet and sour pork and my husband got teriyaki chicken.  The combos come with fried wontons, eggrolls, fried rice, and lo mien.  The egg rolls were horrible but I liked the fried wontons.  My husband said the lo mien is better than Panda Express (I agree) but the teriyaki chicken was not better than Panda Express.  The sweet and sour sauce was good but on delivery orders they should leave the sauce on the side so the breading on the pork doesn't get mushy.  If you order an order of fried rice it's a lot better than the stuff that comes with the combo.  Overall the food was ok but it's not something I would order again.
5 Very good!! 2nd best hot & sour soup I've ever had (first is Abacus Inn)! No complaints with this place.
5 Our favorite Chinese place in town! We love their pork fried rice, beef & broccoli (yum!!), and sesame chicken. The dumplings are also great. We really appreciate that they deliver to our house, and fairly quickly!
4 This is our go to cheap Chinese take out for now.. Someday I will have my forever go to Chinese take out... someday..
4 Used to go here years ago and the old management got a little cheap on portions size. Not anymore. The place has really turned around and food tastes great! Good bang for the buck on portion size. Egg drop soup is great! Since we rediscovered the Dragon Bowl, we haven't had a bad meal yet!
1 HORRIBLE SERVICE!! Beware when ordering they will not even attempt to correct there mistake! I ordered the shrimp and vegetable dinner combination. To my surprise when my food arrived it was just shrimp and vegetables not the combination. I called the store back, explained the problem, and told them I would pay for a full size fried and egg rolls ( to match my huge potion of shrimp and veggies). The girl on the line said it was no problem that they wouldn't charge me. About 3 min later a women with a heavy accent called and explained that I did not say I wanted a combination and they are too busy to come back. I was so appalled! I barely knew what to say! Too busy to come back and correct there mistake, especially when I offered to pay for it?! I ended up ordering from another place and will never order from this shop again. I would give them 0 stars if I could!
3 Ordered the orange chicken lunch special and hot & sour soup for takeout (note: I guess soup is not included with the lunch special if you get it for takeout, so I ordered it separately). I had to ask for the soup again because it wasn't packed in my bag when I arrived. I really liked both items, especially the soup, and the fried rice side is flavorful. I'm not a huge egg roll fan, but this one was pretty good. I wish the soup came in smaller sizes- 32 oz is a bit much for me, but hey, leftovers! No napkins or utensils were packed with my takeout which was odd, and inconvenient since I was going somewhere without silverware, but I found a spoon and managed! A few hang ups but overall I enjoyed the food- I will return.
5 Unexpectedly delicious Chinese food.  I have ordered delivery twice with both times being delicious. The Triad in One, orange chicken, and crab puffs are all fantastic! Absolutely one of the best hidden gems in North Phoenix for Chinese.
4 I have only ordered delivery and have never been disappointed. This place is my go to for Chinese food. The chicken curry is one of my favorite dishes, not too spicy with a ton of white meat chicken and vegetables.  Try the summer rolls. They are as big as burritos.
4 Piping hot and on time delivery.  I'm usually not a fan of take-out because I don't like lukewarm or cold food, but this place did not disappoint.  I literally had to blow on my fried rice it was so hot!  We ordered the Beef and Broccoli main course, with a side of Chicken Fried Rice, and potstickers.  The total was $33 (not including tip) which I thought was very reasonable since the portions are huge!!  It is at least 2 meals for my husband and I.  The potstickers tasted really good as well as the sauce that comes with them.   I typically like my potstickers more crispy, and these were softer but still awesome.  Some places just cook them differently!  The fried rice portion has a ton of egg and white chicken which I loved.  The beef & broccoli and was also very good, pretty typical chinese food, nothing crazy different or out of the ordinary.   We were quoted 35 minutes over the phone and it came pretty much right on time.   Will definitely do their takeout again!
