1 I do not recommend this firm.  They are extremely unprofessional, incompetent, & rude. They don't return calls.
1 I have worked with CR for many years now. Through two owners and many many property mangers assigned to my properties. I would use MUCH MUCH HARSHER words to describe the experience but suffice it to say I do NOT reccomend working with them. I will let you draw your own conclusions by explaining my experience. CR charges me to fill my properties. The tenants have been bad. Really bad. They have caused many repairs,.monthly. I do not mean fix a backed up toilet. I mean one month a $1000 garage door, the next month every water carrying device in the house is in need, bathroom, sink, kitchen, floors, door handles etc. then more the next month etc..The tenants are not of great quality so they also do not pay rent on time, so CR takes the revenue as late charges which they take before your rent is paid, pocket about half, collect a % on top of the late fees, rent and all, and what is left they pay their repair persons hired to do repairs... Then ask me to replenish my account. We received aprox 50% or less income to us. Yes more than half of the rent dissappeared. I have to say it starts to look very fishy the way they manage properties. I advise you to steer CLEAR of this company. I have lost at least 10k a year on rent since they managed properties for various reasons. If anyone else has these experiences with them please let me know or post it asap.
2 The office staff is friendly but don't return calls. There are unnecessary fees for paying rent online and the maintenance department is rude and they refuse to fix issues properly.
1 Our AC went out last Saturday in 102 degree heat - called the 'emergency number' and never got a response.  Tried to call the number on Sunday and again, no one called us back.  Makes me wonder if they even check the number.  It took several calls on Monday to even reach a person in the office. It took 6 days to get the AC 'fixed', only to have it break the next week - at the start of the fourth of July weekend.  Its now 110 degrees outside, Let's take bets on how long it takes for them to fix it this time. Just tried the emergency number, but I don't even expect a response...  6 days to fix a major emergency I my home, by the end of this second issue, we will be almost two weeks without AC- but let me be late on my rent one day and see how much they charge me.  Ridiculous
