4 I have been to 4 or 5 different LA fitness clubs across the Phoenix area, and this club is my favorite by miles.  It isn't the sales staff that makes it great.... LA Fitness is known for having particularly obnoxious sales people and this place is no exception. It is the warm, friendly clientele.  Their mommas taught them how to be nice, and they are doin' a great job of it.  Every time i take the time to say hello, I end up meeting warm wonderful people.  I have been in other locations where I feel like my presence is just an annoyance to the macho grunt heavy specimens staring at themselves in the mirror. You won't find that at this location.    And the friendly atmosphere is genuine, not meet market.  I have met very nice people of all ages, both genders, and probably many orientations.  I may not be fond of the sales staff, but the kids who work the counter and the maintenance staff are top notch.  Couldn't be nicer or more efficient.  The facility is one of the cleanest I have ever been in, and the layout of the club comfortable and efficient.  The cardio is spaced close enough to talk with the people around you, but not so close that you have to climb over them to use it.  There are TVs with FM transmitters within view of most of the second level, and the club below is visible as well.  There are trainers available to help, and there is a juice bar that has bottled water if I forget my own.  I've never used the handball courts, but i see a lot of people there using them every time I am there.  I wasn't real crazy about their spin class.  The whole philosophy of spin is to spin, not pump on the hardest gear possible.  Spin is supposed to be effective for people with knee issues, and it would seem to me that pushing the hardest gear possible contradicts that philosophy.  There are plenty of other classes to take if that is what you prefer.
3 Love the gym.. The fact that when Im at my boos that I have a gym.. (as he gave me a membership to go with his).. BUT heres the dealio.. dont just sell me a membership.. I still dont know where everything is.. heres why.. The staff NEVER .. nope.. NOT EVAH.. gave me a tour.. I had to ask another fitness girl where the ladies locker room was!.. Some of the ellipticals need replacing.. But the gym is cool.. So.. theres at least a 3.. staff.. hmmmm.. (no comment!)
4 Nice gym the workout area is clean. Although not sure if I would use the sauna or the pool. For the money and the casual workout you can't beat this value.
3 I have been going to this gym for months and am sad to say the clean factor has gone WAY down.  It is literally around the corner, location-wise, but since they changed managers, I have had to report pubic hair mounds that remained in the same shower for three days, often find no soap or sanitizer in the upstairs dispenser (so now even the PATRONS cannot clean the equipment) and I rarely spot anyone there to clean.  I have also never seen a staff member so much as pick up a piece of lint.  Great bargain, no doubt, but very lackadaisical about upkeep.    The Saturday yoga class with Patricia is the bomb though!!!!!
2 I visited this location for the first time last week. It's cramped because its "under construction". Go to the PV Mall location its much better.
4 This location is being completely remodeled and should be amazing when finished in late July.  If they added WiFi and filters on the water fountains, I probably could not come up with an unkind word about this location.
1 This LA Fitness has horrible customer service. It probably has to do with the fact they pay their employees minimum wage and the personal trainers only make $6 per session while the clients are paying top dollar. If you can find a small gym to workout at I would recommend doing so because LA Fitness is a handful to try and cancel your membership. They will tell you "your good" but still bill you for the next couple months unless you send the cancellation letter certified mail.
4 Awesome gym..best la fitness i have been to...they really remodeled it nice with all new cardio machines in the old la fitness & added onto it with free weights and more by adding additional sq ft..it you came here before..u really need to check it out now..much much nicer.  Only wish they were open past 8 on saturdays and sundays..they close at 10 on fridays which isnt so bad..and 12 on the other days.
4 Nice new equipment. Not a bunch of arrogant Scottsdale punks like at the Hayden/Indian Bend location. And better music at this location than there. Plenty of equipment even when crowded. Members are cordial. Love it. Glad I don't need a trainer though, that's what lost one star. I only use the free weight and some cardio. All equipment is brand new.
4 Major Upgrade to this gym!
4 It turns out not all LA Fitnesses are cut from the same mold.  Not only is the the equipment here not old and worn, but unlike the other locations there's plenty of machines and benches to support the crowd.  The cardio machines have personal tv/mp3 players.  And to make things even better, there's lots of space.  Cardio and weights are two completely separate areas.  The cycle room has more bikes than other club I've been in and the group fitness room is huge.  Why can't the other locations be like this?
4 So, like many people, I've paid dues month after month and haven't always made working out the priority it should be.  This particular club, is huge. At least twice the size of any other LA fitness I see. There's a huge cardio area, equally large weight area, there's multiple racquetball courts, basketball court and a lap pool.  Prefer to work out early in the morning, crowds tend to be pretty light. Working out between 7 PM - 9 PM, pretty packed might have some wait times for your equipment of choice.
4 I'm definitely not a fan of the customer service, but the place has gotten pretty sweet after the remodel. (the ellipticals have TVs on them, and iphone/ipod hookups for charging while working out and using it)  The store next door went out of business or something, so they opened that up and and put the weight equipment in there.  They bought a whole bunch more elliptical and stationary bikes, and now it's quite a bit more cardio.  I'm kinda proud of them for it, honestly.   Parking can be a little rough during the crowded hours, but if you don't mind walking a few extra rows, you'll be okay.
2 Attention teen-dream girls working the front desk: customer service is meant to involve the customer, not exclude them. Stop your conversation with each other or put down your iPhone and say hi. Don't just grab my keys and avoid eye contact with the members.   The facility itself is great but the people or should I say kids working there need work. Try smiling and making eye contact. I would like to commend the class instructors, they are nice but only mean when needed to motivate of you catch my drift.  Service Level - 2 stars (raised due to trainers / instructors) Facility (excluding the "teen dreams") - 4-5 stars
1 On the upside, they have a lot of equipment, services, and classes. They offer it at a great price and the hours are convenient, however for working 3rd shift the classes I would want to do aren't offered early enough for me.  Downside was offered a free hour of personal training when I signed up. Once the personal trainer found out I had no plans to continue personal training, they had no interest in me and were very dismissive.  The BIG Downside and reason I'll never go there again. The only payment they accept is automatic withdrawals from my checking account/credit card. Was going out of state for a few months and wanted to cancel my membership. Went in and they refused to cancel it there... even though I signed up there. They stated I had to fill out a form and send it to the California office. Sent it out and was still getting charged. Repeated the process. Still got charged. After the third time and me STILL getting charged, closed my checking account against them.  Then they had the nerve to threaten to send me to a collection agency for not paying the bill. I stated they could go ahead, I'd be happy to take it to court and get my money back for the months of them billing me after I initially tried closing the account. Found out later, LA Fitness has a policy that anyone who tried to close the account and doesn't send it certified mail, they just throw the letters away. I know they've had a few class action lawsuits against them, and can't remember if this was one of them.
1 I wish you could leave a rating with 0 stars, because that is the quality of service you receive with LA Fitness!    Where to start really...Monitor your account, they will try to double charge your account, and make charges to your account that they can't even explain themselves what the charges are from.  Front desk is extremely rude so forget about asking any questions to the members that work there.  Direct all your questions and complaints to the GM who is never there, and who never returns your phone calls.  I could go on forever on this, but review space here is limited and my main focal point of frustration is their kids care service.  Please, I repeat PLEASE do not bring your child here.  If you love your child and care for their well being (as most parents do), do NOT bring your child here.  The people that are paid to watch over and take care of your children do not even interact with them or watch them.  Instead you can find them sitting in a corner playing on their cell phones or having inappropriate conversation in front of your children with other employees.  If your child has any kind of altercation they discipline them by yelling at them and sending them to a corner until you pick them up.  Now I don't mind disciplining my child my self when my daughter gets in trouble but I will be damned if someone else does it.  If there is a problem the parent should be contacted immediately and let them resolve the issue.  We provide the gym with both of our cell phone numbers that are with us at all times, and the part of the gym that we never leave.  There should be no excuse not to contact the parent as soon as any kind of altercation takes place.  A parent should never have to pick up their child who is crying uncontrollably, especially when the employees can't even tell you how long she was "in timeout" for.  When picking up your child, you do not even have to provide any kind of identification, they go based on a "we know what you look like" policy.  I mean come on we live in a city of over 4 million people, the odds that there are a few others who resemble me can be quite high.  As a parent would you feel safe that just anyone can pick up your child without any kind of identification based on another employees assumption of who you are?  This place is hell, avoid it like the plague and do not waste your money here.  If you have no other alternatives just please avoid their child care services...
1 Club had a great remodel.  But its going down hill really fast.  The mgmt is not friendly, and most of the personal training staff scare me to death.  I have seen one personal trainer who seems to know how to be a proper Trainer.  So if you go there ask for Frank(He's on top of his game), pretty much most everyone else you are putting your own safety at risk  The GM prides himself on telling people if they don't like something they just have the option to go somewhere else.  Not to bag on everyone there, some of the front desk staff greet you with a smile and try the best they can, but it's pretty easy to see it starts up top.  So I guess you get what you pay for-
3 This gym is clean, new, and packed with great equipment. Nice selection of cardio machines, all with TVs. My husband says the weight areas great. They also offer a lot of classes, and the locker rooms are clean and well maintained.   Here are this gym's drawbacks: 1.) It is out-the-box ridiculously slammed. Always. Constantly. Forever. I am terrified of what the New Years will look like in there. (They need another L.A. Fitness in the Moon Valley/Deer Valley area.) 2.) There is no women's only area. This wouldn't a problem if the place wasn't so slammed, and beefy dude bros weren't always occupying the majority of all strength training machines and free weights. 3.) The stretch/mat area is horrible. The area is tiny; few people ever wipe down the mats; there isn't enough yoga balls, medicine balls, free weights, or mat space to go around; and everyone just takes each others' items anyways without asking. No space and limited items = free for all. 4.) It's noisy. Sure, gyms are normally noisy. But, if they had a separate stretch area, you could at least stretch in peace. Also, during "Customer Appreciation Days," they have a DJ who BLASTS music. You can hear it through your headphones...even from upstairs. 5.) It's hot. Crazy hot. Gyms in Arizona should have refrigerated cool down rooms so members don't overheat when they head to their cars.  Regarding customer service complaints, I purposely worked with the manager when purchasing my membership to avoid such instances.
3 In just a few short months, my opinion of this gym has changed so much.  The size and updated equipment are still impressive, but this location suffers from the same problem that all LA Fitnesses tend to suffer from; way too many people.  I workout in the afternoon.  Around 3:00.  The weight training area is always slammed.  I don't even want to image what this place looks like from 5:00 to 7:00.
4 Good gym, lots of equipment and good choice of classes.
4 For the price, you can't beat this gym. It's one of the larger locations, so even at peak times you'll still be able to lift, hit the treadmill, or find an elliptical machine. The prices are super reasonable and the equipment is in good working order. They also offer tons of classes from Zumba to yoga. If you're looking to join a gym, I recommend this one. I've been with them for years.
3 Sometimes I feel like I'm here more than I'm at home so it surprised me that I hadn't actually reviewed this place yet.  It's one of the bigger LA Fitness gyms I've been to so even when it's busiest I don't typically have to wait too long (if at all) for anything.  There's a huge cardio room when you first walk in and then the weight training is a separate area down a hallway.  Everything is kept pretty clean and if something is broken the staff is good about fixing it pretty quickly.  The staff at the front desk varies, sometimes they smile and are friendly, sometimes you get the teenagers who don't look up from their phones, but seriously do you really want the person checking you into the gym to make conversation with you?  Their job is to scan your keycard so you can go workout, so how bout you get to that and stop complaining.
2 As a swimmer, I was looking for a club with a pool on my way to work.  This pool is small, no lane markers, no flags, only 3 lanes and hot water. After only a few lengths and I'm sweating.  This morning the chemicals were so strong that it burned to breathe and so I had to get out.  Then on to the locker room where, after taking a COLD shower, I am sweating profusely the entire time I get ready for work.  Honestly it isn't worth the $30 a month but my choices are slim. Anyone know of better pools in the area??
1 So, I have been really wanting a gym membership and I finally made it in to check it out.  I was looking for a gym that has lots of classes and a good amount of cardio machines.  L.A. Fitness seemed like a great fit.  It is really hot outside today and I was dying to work out.  I figured L.A. Fitness had something where I could do a trial period so I could work out and see how I liked it. I want to make sure I feel comfortable working out there.  If I liked it I would sign up. This sounds reasonable right?  Basically, what happened was the guy at the front desk told me...NO, I had to sign up, pay sign up fee plus monthly membership fee then if I didn't like it they would give my money back.  Also, if I didn't sign up today it would cost me more money.  He kept throwing all sorts of numbers at me and talking fast so that I couldn't keep the numbers straight, he wouldn't write anything down for me so I could see how much all this would end up costing me and think about it.  It was like trying to buy a used car.  I hate high pressure sales.    Also, to insult to injury he said,..."You look good  but you really need to tone up a bit."  Really?  Your going to insult me to get me to sign up for your membership today?  I think this is a terrible sales tactic.  NEVER do I spend money ANYWHERE that insults me.  The only reason I currently do not have a gym membership is this sales tactic.  So, in a nut shell I just walked out and will never go back.    If you like high pressure sales and some guy commenting on your body, pointing out how tone you are or not,  commenting on how many inches you need to loose, then this is your place.  As for me I really hope to find a gym that is not like this.
3 I'm glad to be out of here.  Even though it has bells and whistles (pool, basketball court, classes, etc), it really wasn't worth the $25 a month.  Ridiculous parking lot. At least you got your warm up in by walking from your car to the gym.  Overpacked. Often a wait to get on a machine.  Most of the employees are unfriendly with a few exceptions.  Wasn't sure about the cleanliness. Never saw staff cleaning the equipment.  Speaking of the equipment there were often broken machines that wouldn't get repaired for at least a week.  Annoying gym goers. Lots of people who really don't look like they have anything better to do with their time then to hang out all day and just be plain annoying. Like most working adults, I prefer to work out as efficiently as possible, then leave.  Their scale is by the front desk so everyone can see how fat you are.  The music they play sucks!! It is basically already bad music made worse by being turned into a bad dance song. Do I want to hear the remixed version of bad Celine Dion ballads? No! Thank God for headphones.  Only reason I joined LA Fitness is because my former membership to Pure Fitness (a down and dirty, but awesome gym I thoroughly miss) got rolled over to LA Fitness when they were bought by them.  But now I'm done and free of that headache of a gym.
3 I have been coming to this gym for about 3 years now.  It is a little out of the way for me but when they acquired Pure Fitness several years ago, my $19.99 contract was grandfathered into a LA Fitness membership.    They did a remodel, expansion a while back and really improved the facility.  All the cardio equipment has an individual television and iPod dock.  There are 2 levels of cardio machine and I rarely have to wait even at peak rush hour times.  The weight room is large but could be organized better.  I like how some gyms have a color coding system so the newbies can get around without being confused.  The locker rooms are nothing special but generally clean.  Customer service could be better.  I don't expect everyone to remember my name but a simple head nod acknowledging my existence would be nice.
1 I have been a member of this gym since before it opened and I am quitting now. This gym has become an absolute dump. The membership has been allowed to increase to a level that makes the place absolutely packed in the evenings. There is absolutely no discipline enforced to members who do not follow the rules, such as putting weights back on the racks, wiping down machines after use, filling the weight room with personal bags and "other junk". The place is an absolute tip in the evenings. I made a complaint to one of the 3 "Managers" today about the increasing number of members, and he simply responded by saying that they have to get their quotas up, that was it. No consideration was givens to anything I said to him "We have to get our quotas up!!!" I need to find a good gym that has some level of concern for the customer, so any recommendations are welcome. LA Fitness you are doomed! I tried to do zero Stars but it wouldn't let me.
1 I have had my membership at LA Fitness for almost two years now.  I did not attend often at first because I was unsure how to use the weights and machines, so after saving up some money I enrolled in personal training with Jake.  He was a phenomenal trainer and motivated me to push myself and keep coming back.  After two months with this trainer, he was promoted to "master trainer" which, unfortunately for me, meant it would cost me more. I reluctantly accepted to stay in his schedule since I was seeing great results with him. Two months later, he left LA fitness to pursue something else.  So, I called LA fitness a week or two later and asked to be placed back into a regular trainer's schedule back at the old rate that I was at, because going up to the master trainer rate was hard on me financially. I spoke with Ashleen, the personal training manager, and she said that would not be a problem and from here on out I would go back to the old rate and I could see John for personal training.  My next payment went through for the master training rate, so I called Ashleen again and after many unreturned phone calls I finally got ahold of her and she informed me that there is just something I have to sign in order to clear the new agreement at which point she will credit me back the difference to my account.  I went in and signed the necessary form and still it he next month I was still charged at the old rate!!!!! So, this is two months I am getting overcharged. I, again, called Ashleen numerous times without a response.  I decided at this point that I needed to call corporate. I called them and they told me I still needed to sign the agreement (that I had already signed four weeks prior at this point). I explained the situation and I was told to go in and speak with Prague this time.  I walked in and Prague was available who gave me the form to sign and it was clear that I would be credited back the past three months of overcharges.  I asked when I should expect to be credited back and he said the next Monday or Tuesday (which was five days away to account for the 4th of July holiday weekend).  It is now July 14th and I still have not seen a penny back of the past three months I have been overcharged. My whole family and many of my friends attend this gym and I will be sure to tell them about this experience because clearly the staff here cares only about if they are getting their money and nothing else. As soon as my contract is up I will look into personal training somewhere else and so will everyone in my family.
4 I've been a member here for a little over a year, and It's a nice gym.  I've never had to wait for a cardio machine, but the weight room can get a little crazy at times.  I got suckered into a personal training contract, but thank goodness I am out of that.  BEWARE to anyone who is going in for a "free evaluation".  Overpriced, and the trainers don't care much because LA Fitness doesn't pay the trainers what they are worth.  The parking lot can get really crowded, especially around peak time.  I tried spinning twice, and that was fun.  There is a large selection of fitness classes available if that's what you are looking for.  Overall, good but stay away from the training!
1 This location is a joke!   I canceled my membership 2 weeks ago and unfortunately I had to escalate my problem to corporate. I canceled online and had the option of mailing the cancelation form or dropping it off by 5 pm. I went in and the manager Parag wasn't there, he went home early. So I left it with someone else who assured me Parag would do it first thing in the morning -keep in mind this guy never asked why I was canceling my membership, never asked to see what they could do to get me to stay, just said ok I'll give it to him. A little after noon the next day I called to find out the hold up. Parag said it's up to him if it gets canceled and he needs to review it first. IT'S NOT UP TO YOU! At no point does anyone within this company get to decide if I'm canceling my membership. I'm not under a contract. I paid my first and last months up front. You have my money and I'm not giving you anymore. He was unbelievably rude and condescending, he kept interrupting me and was clearly stationed on his high horse.  So I called corporate who instantly canceled my membership.   The reasons I canceled:  Good luck working out between the hours of 5-7 during the week, you will wait and wait and wait to use any non-cardio machine. If you wanna prance on a treadmill chances are you can get one easily. But, if you're into strength training...good luck!   My biggest problem with this gym is the hours. They close at 8 on Sundays and 10 Fridays and Saturdays. Seriously??   The sales reps they call personal trainers are pushy and rude. I was told by corporate they are able to sell individual training courses but according to the folks here they can only do the one year training membership...stop lying to your customers!!
1 Man, I hate this location!! I've been going to la fitness for 10+ years now and never had a problem. I recently moved next to this location and was excited to start training here since it's almost twice the size of the other la fitness i was going too.   After training here for a month I've had enough!  #1Every time I walk in this place there is always one or two male workers flirting with the girl who scans you in giving me the dirtiest look.  #2 YOU CANT BRING A GYM BAG IN THE GYM???? This is the only la fitness I've seen that does this. I'm a pretty serious lifter and there are certain things I need with me (straps, belt, chalk) let alone my keys phone and wallet. Usually I bring my bag anyway but within a few minutes management will ask me to remove it or leave it in the locker room which is on the other side of the gym. I've asked the manager why they do this he claims it keeps the floors clear but if I bring every individual thing in my bag in the gym apparently that's ok (wtf!) #3 The hours suck. They close at 10 on Friday and 8 on Saturday and Sunday. This is also the only on la fitness I've seen do this.  Apparently this location goes by it's own rules which is it's downfall. I'm more than happy to drive to a further location than to go to this pos gym.
3 Staff could be nicer and a tad bit just a tad bit more welcoming and helpful! It's not as packed as it I'm the evening if you come early am. Just get your workout done. Ladies locker room I like!
5 What a great gym! I was with 24 hour for the longest time. Thank goodness I made the switch. It is so clean in here. It's also the biggest one around since it's so new. The staff is very friendly and not overly pushy about sales. Of course they're gonna try. That's their job. They offer great classes, a juice bar, wet area, and a sauna in the locker room.
3 This is a pretty good fitness center. The hours are good and the facility is clean. Much of the exercise/weight equipment machines are older generation with some not very modern at all. This club is however one of the better than average fitness outfits in Phoneix. I do enjoy going here.
1 DON'T BRING YOUR CHILDREN HERE!!! I BEG YOU!!! Parag Sampat, manager is a creep.   Today I walked in and forgot my scan card so the worker at the front immediately was not willing to work with us and look up our account or photo in the system. We then proceeded to tell them that this is the first time we are here with our 5 year old and wanted to try out the play place. We are trying to give money to these people and have them watch our kid and he says to me "Well you know the kid zone is only open for another 45 minutes right?" Hmmm... seems like a rude response.   We then are given a waiver that is required for our son to enter the play zone.. the man chuckles at me and says, "THATS JUST INCASE WE DECIDE TO THROW YOUR KID AROUND."  I ask for his manager, he smiles and says he's the manager. My husband says he needs to give us the number for whoever is in charge of him and he resists giving us any info to contact his boss. Finally he handed us a phone number and we filed an official complaint. Unfortunately we live near Anthem and there aren't any other locations close to us or we would have relocated.
3 Just like any gym, this location has its perks and its irks. I recently moved (my old gym was the one on 83rd/Union Hills, nice location but lacking some things), and this is now the closest location to me, so here I am.   WEIGHTLIFTING AREA: When you first walk in...the weights area stinks. Literally. It smells because there is hardly any airflow. Yes, they have ceiling fans, but you can stand under them and not even feel it. Once your nose acclimates to the smell, it's not so bad. My old LA did not have this smell issue, nor does the one on Camelback/7th. Definitely not something I'm excited about. Also, lack of airflow means you are going to sweat a lot more here than you would if the air wasn't so hot and stagnant. Also, it seems like there is an abundance of creeper dudes and a lot of people doing weird/atypical sh*t here...not sure what that's about.   This location has a LOT of equipment, but they are often busy (parking lot is often packed), so it makes sense. They have a mix of some old and some newer machines, e.g., they have some old...and I mean f***ing DINOSAUR leg curl machines.   They have not two but THREE squat racks, my god could you ask for more? They also have several cages, so if you want to squat/deadlift, and some douchey bro is curling in the squat rack, amazingly, you have options. There are lots of wires too, so you don't always have to wait for some dude occupying two wires doing a 30 minute superset on chest.  They are missing a couple things I'd like them to have, such as a wide grip hammer strength chest, but they do have decline, flat and incline hammer strength. They also have a T-bar, which is something that not every location has, so that's cool.   They have a lot of free weights, so you're not always having to wait for someone using the dumbells you want to use.   CARDIO:  This place has a sh**ton of cardio machines, yet every single machine (besides the handbikes, but really, who uses those besides that creepy guy with the long hair?) have those darned TVs on them. I must be the only person in the world who prefers to do cardio WITHOUT a monitor 12 inches in front of my face. I much prefer the machines without the integrated TVs, but I digress. When I am not running for cardio, I like to use the stairs, but I'm not a fan of the stairs they have here. They seem to be an older model with more narrow steps that are just a little too hazardous for my liking. They also have a pool, racquetball court, studio, spin, basketball court- but all that crap I never use.   TL;DR: This location is fine. It has what I need for lifting, it's just stinky and hot, and I never want to do cardio here.
3 Moved to northern Phoenix and this was the nearest LA Fitness to me. I was told that this gym is the largest LA Fitness in Arizona and has the latest equipment. It is certainly large, it has 3 squat racks and 2 power racks but some of the machines (seated leg extension and prone leg curls, just to name a few) are outdated compared to the previous LA Fitness that I came from. There's a lot of classes from yoga to cycling that this gym offers so finding a class shouldn't be difficult. Most people playing on the basketball court seem to think that they're play for the NBA championship and most patrons don't wipe down the equipment/machines after they're done. There's the many typical gym stereotypes to you find at any gym, the grunter, the skips leg day, the bro scientists, naked person roaming the locker room, the half or quarter repper, and the list goes on. What really disappointed me about this particular LA Fitness is that the use of chalk is prohibited by the general manager, not by the membership contract. When one dead lifts 405 without straps, chalk is your best friend. The prohibited use of chalk is so lame that this gym should put the letter P in front of LA, followed by the letters N-E-T for the new gym name.
4 I have started going here and really enjoy this place. This is the biggest LA Fitness in the area, therefore it is always crowded but never had any issues with getting on the machines I needed to use. I have not had issues with the gym at all. No issues with getting onto the machines, smell issues or rude management.
3 I have a good experience with the gym except for once huge problem there personal training. Go someplace else then them.. Expensive and the contract is terrible. They don't return your calls. Just bad business.   Back to the gym the spin class is the best. Try Nick class 5:30am mon-tue
3 Update:   After I have spent more time at this gym I have to rate this gym to a 3. The SMELL once you walk in this place is awful, plus there needs to be more air flow in the weight area.  All the elliptical machines need to be updated. The tv's do not work all the time and the volume needs to be checked out.
