3 I have a fairly 'Americanized' taste buds, so please take this with a grain of salt.  ;)  I loved my dinner take out order of Mongolian Beef.  It was very flavorful without being too spicy for me.  The portions are plentiful and I only had a ten minute wait.  I'm assuming that I would have no wait if I had ordered ahead, online, but I didn't know that at the time.  The menu has many different options from bland to hot.   Next time, I may have to try the cream cheese filled wontons since they look more like a dessert instead of an appetizer!
2 I will admit that when it comes to Chinese food, bastardized, American, not even close to being authentic versions have their place on my plate. Now, I love authentic Chinese food as much as anyone else, but I still love sweet and sour chicken in a radioactive sauce. And my husband, we'll he's the same way.  So when we got coupons a few weeks ago for this place, my husband was determined to get food from here. Last night the moment arose and so it was off to get take out.   Pick Up Stix offers online ordering which is pretty helpful, but we decided to forgo the online ordering as we've had some not so good experiences at other restaurants offering this service. My husband called in the order and ran over to pick it up.   We ended up with an order of Shrimp and Vegetables, Kung Pao Chicken, and Honey Chicken. While it didn't say it on the menu, every meat item was breaded. And since the shrimp and kung pao chicken hadn't been fried, the breading was sort of falling off. I'll admit that the shrimp looked a little unappetizing. I don't know if you can order them with out the breading, but should we return, I'll be asking. The only other issue is just an issue with my tastebuds. I happen to hate water chestnuts and it seemed like each item was filled with them. The white rice was okay, but the brown rice seemed to have been really overcooked. The only item that I'd order again would be the Honey Chicken. Not overly sauced, still crispy, and definitely flavorful. But seeing as I was trying to be healthy by ordering the Shrimp and Vegetables of their Wok Lite menu, it's sort of counterproductive.  While it wasn't horrible, Pick Up Stix doesn't leave me running back for more Faux Chinese. I'd rather go to Panda Express, Pei Wei, or any other Chinese delivery place.
2 My son and I had dinner here..  Should have gone to Subway in the same plaza.  Or Panda.  Food is OK here, but I could find 100 places I'd rather eat.
