4 Went there on a suggestion from a friend.  Glad I did.  Not a big salon type guy, but suprisingly I had a great time.  The girls there were very friendly (and attractive) and made me feel comfortable right away.  Prices were fair.  The salon itself is very stylish and clean.  I have found my new home for haircuts.
5 I am a stickler in how my hair is cut. I called to schedule an appointment for a same day cut on my lunch hour. Patricia was very accommodating to squeeze me in. I arrived a few minutes early and was greeted immediately. My stylist, Jackie, was right on time and listened and met my needs to a tee. I was very satisfied with the overall experience.
5 After years of frustration with discount places like Fantastic Sams and looking less than fantastic, I decided to treat myself with a haircut. I made an appointment and was given to Tesha. She ended up spending nearly an hour cutting my hair to make sure it was even and looked good. I have been a return customer since last fall, and plan to continue.  Is it a little pricey? Yes. Are the bedazzled Affliction-style wallets and purses kitschy? Yes. But I just ignore that and trust that my hair will come out looking great.
5 Usually I get my brows waxed when I get my hair cut, but the salon I went to last time didn't do brow waxing. So it had been a while and my brows were getting out of hand. I stopped at my usual place without an appointment and was disappointed to discover there was more then an hour wait. I hopped into my car and pulled up Yelp on my phone to find the nearest salon.   Sincerely Yours Salon was the first one that popped up and had great reviews. I called to see if they did waxing and if they had an opening right then. I spoke with Patricia who gathered my information and set the appointment. After giving her my email address, which is tied to my blog, she sounded genuinely interested in knowing more about my blog. We chit chatted until I was a block away.   When I got to the salon, Patricia greeted me like a friend. She introduced me to Tina, who was going to take care of my brows for me. Tina was very friendly and talked with me the whole time I was in the chair. Afterwards, I was given a gift bag with coupons for a free brow wax the next time I came in and 10% off hair products! After having my Redken products confiscated at the airport last week, I was in the market for some new stuff. I didn't care much for the products I had lost, so Tina talked with me about the different products. I was intrigued with one of them, but wasn't sure how it worked. Tina took the extra time to show me how the product worked in my own hair so that I could see how it feels and how to style with it.   I was very impressed with the service I received and my brows look fantastic! I recommend this salon to anybody!
5 Went on a whim - asked for someone with short hair experience. Dawn was the technician I received, and she now has a new client.   Personable, listened to what I wanted, did what she felt was right for my head shape, and did highlights like a real pro.  Will definitely return with Dawn, and glad I found her.
5 Its an institution in Moon Valley.  The owner tries to be sure every guest is attended to and feels welcome.  There has been some turn over in clientele lately, but just ask the owner and she'll be sure you are taken care of.  Its my home.
5 The ladies at SY are all amazing! Taylor greets you with a infectious smile as soon as you walk in the door and is always professional when I call to make an appointment. Ashley is the ROCK STAR of hair, and she always makes me feel like a Goddess when I am in her chair! It's not often that I get much "me time" as a single mom of 2 kiddos, but every six to eight weeks I can count on superb treatment and service from this salon! They have great specials too, and I highly recommend the hair facial, it left my hair soft, shiny and super clean! I have given out few recommendations in my day, since I am a stickler for great customer service, but Sincerely Yours Salon gets my stamp of approval with every visit!!!
5 Sincerely Yours Salon is the only place I have ever gotten my haircut my whole life. The owner Patricia is amazing and my current stylist Emily is fantastic! I always get a great haircut and love the atmosphere of the salon! My haircut comes out perfect every time and I would recommend Emily and the entire salon to anyone looking for a great haircut!
4 Do you want someone who knows what they're doing? Yes! Asks questions and Listens? Go here. Tired of less than perfect looks? Yep. Ask for Ashley. It's not the regular coupon deals you'll find elsewhere, these are very well trained ladies that know how to cut hair. So, I paid about 45.00 but at least I don't have to go somewhere twice to have my hair fixed. It's done right the first time. Oh and she gave me a free hair mask. So nice! Ahhh *stress seems to disappear in the hairdressers chair.
4 I ended up at SSY due to my job bringing me so far away from my home (and salon). I was in desperate need of a hair cut, and unable to make it to my normal stylist before they closed. Sure, I could have managed to make it on on the weekend, but who has time?!   Anyway, I chose SSY from a partnership that was developed through my place of work. I was very nervous to try a new salon, but left a VERY satisfied customer. So satisfied that I haven't seen my other hair stylist (of 4 years) for 9 months!   Staci Rae was my stylist my first time around, and I've continued to book her every time.   If you're looking for a great salon in the area, with reasonable prices, this is most certainly your place!
5 I love this salon - I am going to break my review into Nails and Hair because my experiences with them are different.  Hair:  I love how my hair looks and functions after getting it cut and colored here. Emily cuts and colors my hair and has given me a very modern and young looking light blonde pixie cut. It is such a pretty color and so easy to care for. I just put in some of the Texture Twist by Pureology, and it's ready for a workday or fun time in moments. I have to go back every 6 weeks to maintain such a short style and color, but it's so worth it. For the hair care alone this salon gets five big, grateful stars.  Nails: I had given this salon five stars for nails too but my favorite nail lady quit for family reasons and now and I'm going to be trying out a new one. I'll let you know how it goes by updating my review then.
4 If you're looking for trendy and upscale, this isn't it.  However, the location is convenient and everyone is friendly.  I only go here to see Chris Brown, who is so amazing at color that I've followed her over the years from other salons.  Let me know if you need her number.
5 That Ashley does it again.  I called in a panic.  In a matter of a day my hair went from short to long, unruly, thick...and I was leaving town the next day.  She looked at my hair and knew what needed to be done, explained it in a way I could understand, and now my haircut is manageable, cute and exactly what I wanted and needed.  I love how she listens to me but still gives her suggestion of what will work best for me.  Thanks, Ashley.
5 My stylist, Ashley Rae, did a phenomanal job today.  With my arm in a sling, she took all my worries away, gave me a new do, and made me queen for a day, as usual.  Their "I DESERVE IT" deal for May/June includes manis or pedis.  Check it out!
5 Sometimes things happen for a reason. I loved my stylist but was secretly coveting the manager of Sincerely Yours expertise.  I watched her in the mirror knowing she was top of the line but I did like my girl.  Well, my girl left.  Viola!  Time for the change.  And oh boy!    I have been going to Sincerely Yours for over 15 years so I always know I'm in good hands.  But on this day, my "new" stylist, Emily, took her time finding out about my likes, dislikes, my husbands likes (on me), sitting with me with her color book, talking about styling, cuts, highlights, my lifestyle.  Between the color, cut, styling AND the MOST AMAZING pedicure, I was there for four hours of bliss.  And it shows.  This is the BEST color job ever, the cutest cut and I do love my toes!  Guess its like they say, you get what you pay for.  So, if you decided you want to give Emily a try, tell her you read my post.  PS:  My kids have been going to her all the time...I'm just a little slow to catch on.
5 Just wanted to say Thank You to stylist Tonia who literally saved the day by fixing the botched color job another salon had left me with yesterday. I didn't really know what to do this morning or where to turn as I was so used to the comfort of my previous salon & stylist and then the absolute worst happened!   I took a chance on this salon that I have walked passed for YEARS on my way to Target...the girls were extremely welcoming and Tonia was able to squeeze me in that afternoon (I would like to think she was as horrified by my color job as I was and didn't want to frighten the public any longer than necessary by having me roam the streets).  At any rate she was amazing and I really really appreciate the time & effort from her and her team.   Highly reccommend!
5 I almost never write reviews on Yelp but I wanted to write one after my recent visit here because it was so positive.  I had Ashley Goldstein as my stylist and she did an amazing job. Since Ashley has cut my hair, I have had numerous people compliment my haircut; and that almost never happens! The one thing I noticed was that unlike other stylists, Ashley had suggestions for how to improve my hair that others hadn't recommended before for my previous haircuts, and her suggestions all turned out awesome.I will definitely come back to Sincerely Yours for my next haircut. Hopefully I can get Ashley again!
5 Today I saw Ashley for the second time and I was very happy.  She really listens to what you want and wants to make sure you can style it yourself.  She is very professional and attentive.  Thank you Ashley!!
5 I have been going to the same ladies for years, then all of a sudden one of the guys at work asked me how much it cost to put the strips in my hair.... I have let it grow out and have never been back.  I found Sincerely Yours Salon Hair by accident when I really needed a hair cut.  I got my hair cut and they did a great job.  After a few more months, I finally worked up the nerve to get my hair highlighted again and went in today.  Ashley was my stylist!  She is FANTASTIC!  I will be back, great job adding highlights that are beautiful!  Great haircut that is exactly what I want.  First day in over a year that I did not pull my hair into a ponytail 1/2 way through the day.  I will be a repeat customer!
5 Here I am, newly back in Phoenix.  I've gone to a few different salons in the past few months, searching for not only a good cut but a stylist that would listen, make suggestions but mostly, make my ideas into a great cut.  Today, unable to go another day without a hair cut (I couldn't get my brush through my hair without a lot of hurtful work), I looked on Yelp, found Sincerely Yours and went in with less than high hopes.  Until I met Tonia.  Tonia listened, made suggestions and was one of the most real, down-to-earth stylists I've had.  She's amazing, I felt like we'd been friends for years AND she let me know about a great deal they have on coloring this month.  Now, I've only colored my own hair but because she was so great, I think I will be treating myself to some high- and low-lights later this month. Do yourself a favor.  Go here.  It's great.  Not pretentious just awesome cuts and color.
5 I just moved back from Denver after seeing the same stylist for years. I have short, thick and unruly hair and don't trust many people to touch it. Then I found Tonia at Sincerely Yours. For the first time I didn't feel scared! She took the time to listen and made suggestions to make my idea even better. She pays close attention to detail and makes sure everything is in place before I leave her chair. Ladies if you're looking for an amazing and talented stylist then Tonia is your girl! She's extremely talented and it shows, I get compliments every day!!
5 Ashley at Sincerely yours salon was recommended to me by a co-worker and I went in for my first appointment Friday 12/20/13. I was extremely impressed with Ashley's work. She is very talented and knows how to handle bleach/color which is hard to find.
4 I went here to get a hair color correction as a stylist from another salon messed up my hair badly!!!!! Crystal helped make my hair look better, she is very nice and friendly! This is a smaller place but all the people here are very friendly n experience...
5 5 stars for Sincerely Yours Salon! Yesterday (3/8/14) was my first time with Kaitlyn, and she did an awesome job cutting my hair! Very professional, friendly, and social! She took her time, and really listened to what I wanted. I couldn't have been happier with the entire experience!
5 I have only been to this salon twice, as my favorite hairdresser that I've been going to for 7 years now has just moved there.  The salon itself is very clean and modern.  There are plenty of stylists to choose from.  I know they offer waxing, color, and cuts, but I'm not sure if they offer anything beyond that.  The other stylists seem friendly enough but I only go to my favorite: Cynthia.  I have been telling Cynthia FOREVER to get out of the boring little chain salons and go somewhere that will appreciate your talent.  She finally did and she loves it!  She is definitely worth going to.  I have been going to her since 2007 and I haven't ever had another person touch my hair since.  I'm always taking in a picture to show her how I want my cut or color and she matches it with perfection.  I have never had a bad thing to say about her skills and I would trust her to do anything she wanted with my hair.  I also go to her for my eyebrow waxes, which she also does an excellent job on!  If you're looking for someone new, give her a chance!
5 You would think that going into a salon as a 'walk-in' on Friday the 13th would be scary, but it turned out to be the luckiest day for me. I was in desperate need of a haircut & style and the receptionist informed me that I would only have to wait 45 minutes. When Cynthia called my name & took the time to listen to me, I was treated to a conditioning gloss, a haircut that is phenomenal and even walked me through some styling tips for my new cut. I will definitely be going back to this salon. It's clean, everyone seems friendly & the stylists appear to actually like one another. Another stylist even came over & complemented Cynthia's work. I liked that they were professional, friendly & competent.
5 Love this place!!! Everyone was so friendly and very detailed. I had my eyebrows done and she was very precise and just a gem to talk to! Definitely going there again.
1 Would give this joke of a salon 0 stars if at all possible.  Stylist quoted me a price that magically doubled when finally arriving at the Salon.  The stylist was 30 min late to the appointment we made over the phone.  Called and spoke to the manager who showed no interest or concern in my disappointment.  She spoke in a condescending rude tone.  Avoid this place like the plague.
5 Steps to have the best time.  1. Walk in the building with the word Hair! Above it! 2: Ask for Krystal! 3. Inform Krystal on what you are looking for in a hair cut. 4. Sit back and let Krystal work her magic!  Not only is she amazing at cutting hair, she is amazing in general. She will talk to with an upbeat personality, and very enjoyable to just have around while getting your hair cut! With that added everyone in this place is quite amazing so far! Krystal is just my go to girl! Ask for her and enjoy! :)
5 Wanted to surprise my mom with a mini makeover for her birthday....I live in pa & she lives in Phoenix. The salon went over the top for her. My mom not only got a fantastic color & cut but they even got her a cake!!! Danielle is amazing & when I came to town I got my hair done too! The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable. Danielle is the bomb!!!!
