4 It's the standard setup for strip mall nail salons, but I think that they have newer chairs with very powerful massage action!  They're in the AJ's shopping area and it's only 17 bucks!  I didn't realize when I walked in that it was 10 minutes to closing, but they took me anyway and they didn't make me feel rushed at all.  I tend to judge the inexpensive pedicures on whether or not I could have done it better.  I could not have done it better - they really paid attention to cuticles and the edges, so I don't have any chips.   They are open from 9am-7pm Mon-Sat and 11am-5pm on Sun.
5 We loved this place!  They took us in even though  it was right at their closing time.  They made us feel so welcome and did a wonderful job with our pedicures and manicures.  They were efficient and funny too!   The artwork on my pedicure was beautiful.
4 Recommend. Came in during my lunch hour on a whim and was extremely happy with the result. $20 ($17+tip) for a leg massage/pedi. The woman who was giving me the pedicure was so sweet and welcoming. Love her. Will definitely be back.
4 The true test of a pedicure? It's almost a month later and my toes still look great.
4 I really like this place.   I first went here because they are by my house and they had a sign for a spa pedicure for $16.99 and you really can't beat that. My pedicure lasted a month...which is really great!  The employees here are really nice and they pretty much closed up the shop so that I could get my nails done here with all my bridesmaids for my wedding last month. They are very comptetively priced and they do a great job.   The only downfall I would give this place is that it is and older building and pretty small, so if they don't have a lot of technicians working you may have to wait awhile.
3 Nothing fancy here but the price is right: $17 for a pedicure and plenty of polish colors to choose from.
5 Love this place... staff is friendly...nails always look great.. and pretty inexpensive. My new regular nail place !
4 Great Service.  Only $17 for spa pedicure- I did $5 for callus removal, $5 for design - set of shellac $40.  Very quick, didn't have to wait around.  Good technician.
1 Dangerously dirty!
2 I don't usually get mani-pedi's and my experience here does not make me want to go back.  My manicure and spa pedicure was all of 30 minutes and cost $34 with tip.  In the past I have spent about an hour or more at other salons.   I probably will try another place when I decide to do this again.
3 We ended up here after being turned away from 2 other nail spots (one was very busy, the other was closing in a few minutes). When we got to Princess Pro Nail, they were busy as well and told us to come back in 30 minutes...so we went next door for a little delicious Mexican food and headed back to get our nails did (I guess they didn't really expect us to actually come back? Mwhahahahaa!)  Great personalities working there. Had alot of fun talking with Tony, the nail tech. Decided to go with the shellac (gel) nail polish and he did a pretty decent job. 100% better than the scruffy looking digits I marched through the door with. On a scale of 1-10, I would give them a 7...maybe an 8. If you are in the neighborhood, I'd give them a shot.
2 Rushed and poor quality.
1 I was rushed! The whole time. My pedicure took 13 min they didnt push my cuticle I asked not to trim my nails. They trimmed my freaking nails!!!  I went back and for between 2 people like they wer tag teaming my pedicure.  By far the worst ive ever had. 3 days later my polished looked like crap and my cuticles wer not trimmed or pushed
5 I have trying all different nails salon in the neighborhoods on a Shellac Gel manicure and now i have found the right place. I really like to go here the nail tech is great. Tony do a really good job on a shellac Gel manicure Is stay on my nails more than two weeks.  Also There pedicure special is only $17.00. They didn't rush through there service at all like others nail salon. There customers service is great and this will be my nails salon from now on.
5 I come to this salon every time I visit Phoenix - they always do a nice job and the pedicure always lasts a long time.  Lisa the owner is always very accommodating and gives a great pedicure.
4 Like another reviewer, I have been looking for a good regular place for a shellac manicure done right and this fits the bill. I also appreciate the big tv with news or sports playing. It beats the heck out of elevator music. I'll admit, I'm not in this for the massage and all the frills. Tony gets my nails done efficiently, it's pleasant, and they look great for at least two weeks.
