5 I have been getting hair cuts at Gulick Bros for 20 years!  They are the BEST.  Never a bad haircut to leave this place regardless of which stylist you use.  It's a trendy yet comfortable place which is family owned.
3 Update: I have since stopped coming here to have my hair done. Chuck was always good to me and his prices were very fair (as stated), but after awhile I just wasn't as happy with my hair as I was before. He styled my hair on the old side (bubble -y....) and when I left I felt like I had to restyle my hair....I decided that I needed a change BUT I would still recommend this place if you are looking for a good quality cut for a good price.    I have been coming here for about six months to get my hair done by Chuck. He is great! He picked out the perfect hair color for me and cuts my hair just the way I want it done. He is so efficient, I am always out of there within a couple hours (and I always go with my mom, so that's for the two of us), and his prices are very fair. He did my hair a few weeks ago for my brother's wedding and it came out great. I couldn't be happier.
5 Dave Jr. has been cutting and coloring my hair for years.  I'm the kinda gal who will come in and ask what looks best, so basically, Dave gets to do whatever he wants.  Seriously, this is the way to go, since I come out with the most amazing cuts and beautiful color.  His prices are very reasonable, especially for the quality of the cut and color.
5 I had my hair cut for the first time by Pete Gulick today and it was fanominal! He couldn't of done a better job. I felt very comfortable and welcome the whole visit. Pete is a not only a fabulous hair stylist but a friendly person who has the best advice about hair! I would definitely recommend him to anyone looking for a great quality hair cut.
5 Dave Sr is the best! Been coming here for years. I grew up in the neighborhood and went to school with some of the Gulick family. Great people. Exceptional stylists. Dave has always impressed me. Love this place!
5 Dave Jr was my first hair stylist at age 15. After 9 years of working for a different salon, seeing more stylists then I can count and never being completely satisfied with my color & cut, I decided to go back to Gulick Bros. Best hair decision I've made! Dave not only remebered who I was but he knew exactly what I wanted as soon as I sat in his chair! He takes his time & makes you feel important, not to mention he does THE BEST blonde I've ever had! So glad to be back at Gulick and I'm pretty positive I'll never leave again :)
