2 Not sure if 2 stars is fair or not, so here's my story.  We rent 2 small (5X5) units from them and have for years now. Over the last few years they have changed managers several times. They have also upgraded their automated access a few times.  We've been locked out before for non-payment (they system automatically does this) but it was never urgent. Today it was, They have pay at the gate so it cost me $79.00 to get in, they were closed so I either waited or paid.  It's important to note that we have never had a late or missed payment since we've been doing business with them. When I go in there they always fix the problem right away.   The facility is always clean and well maintained. If it wasn't for their automated system locking us out all the time I would probably have given them 4-5 stars. The billing/lockout problem has gotten worse over the years but the property itself has improved. I guess the bottom line is it doesn't matter how nice it is on the inside, it's useless if you can't get in.  Update 12-14-09 They were very apologetic and will  be refunding me the money. The regional director even sent me an email. Great customer service, tech department needs work. Now that the regional director is involved maybe it will get fixed.
4 This place was what I needed in the middle of a tough situation. The staff had a lot of positive energy and was very hospitable. The pricing was competitive.  They had me setup with a unit in no time. The cookies were a bonus.
3 We just rented a storage unit here last week and so I don't have much to say about it YET.  The manager on duty that day was friendly and drove us around to a few different size storage units - even to some that I wasn't that interested in but she wanted to show us comparison in size which I thought was nice that she took that extra step.  They currently have a deal going on now that makes renting storage units half off for the first 6 months.  There is no contract and you can leave at any time but need to let them know 10 days in advance before the next billing cycle.  I'll be back to let you know our experience with it all after we're done with the storage place.
5 Just moved some stuff in and they were friendly, helpful and even gave me a free lock! Low prices (pay for two months get the third month free internet deal right now too!) and a clean, well maintained storage place. Hard to give a great review to a storage unit, not as many variables
5 This is one of the best Self Storage in Phoenix and the Surrounding area. The manager will go out if their way to help you any way that they can.  They have free cold bottle water fresh baked cookies and an VERY CLEAN restroom. If you were to need longer gate hour they will work with you to get in moved in. I have rented at many other please and I will keep going back to Az Mini on Cave Creek Rd for all my Storage needs.
