1 I do not recommend taking your vehicle here.  I went here for two years just for oil changes.  Every time I go here, they are all about high-pressure sales.  They do a courtesy check even if you do not ask for one which sounds great, but its just a ploy to get you to purchase additional services.  Their paperwork is automatically set up with two signature lines--one that authorizes the service you came in for, and one that authorizes the additional services they've managed to upsell you on.   I take better care of my vehicle than anyone I know takes care of theirs.  I had my oil changed on Wednesday, and then drove 50 miles round trip to work on Wednesday, and then again on Thursday.   On Sunday evening, my husband noticed there was something strange about the way my hood looked.  He opened the hood to find the air filter had been removed from its case and placed on top of the case.   One of the services Firestone had recommended was replacing the air filter.  They said they would do it free of labor and I'd just have to pay for the part.  My husband replaced mine 8,000 miles ago, so I said, "no thanks, my husband will take care of it" when they called me on my phone to let me know my car was ready.  When I went to pick up my car they mentioned something about my brakes and I said my husband did them completely the week before (he did all new front brakes using parts directly from the manufacturer of my vehicle- new rotors, pads, anti-squeek, backing plates and all), and that they're good.  They asked whether he'd just bled the breaks or whether he'd done a complete flush of the brake system.  They said that if he flushed the brake system they'd last longer and that they could perform this service.  I don't know anybody who flushes a brake system when they do brakes.  Not any shop or individual.  Not to mention, my husband used dealer parts and I have a feeling Firestone would not have.  Not to mention they might have forgotten a part or two, kind of like they forgot to put the air filter back in my car.  I was driving on back roads in the desert for that 600 mile round trip.  My engine could have been seriously jacked if something harmful got into it without an air cleaner.  There could still be ramifications of their neglegence in the future.  Please do not take your vehicle to them.  Mistakes are part of being human.  Forgetting to put an air cleaner back into someone's car that you were not asked to inspect or remove?  That's ridiculous gross negligence no matter how you slice it.  Go to a small establishment you trust.  Don't risk your vehicular investment.
5 Many years ago I had some not so good experiences with Firestone shops and have avoided them since.  Luckily for me one of my tires decided to all but blow up (tread flapping loudly but amazingly air still in the tire), very near this shop.    I drove the half block from where I'd pulled over to check the damage, noisily slap slap slapping the whole way, my friend telling me there was no way I was going to make it before the tire went totally flat.  The tire held, as I knew it would, and we pulled into the Firestone.   Once inside I had to wait only a few minutes before Chad, the very pleasant store manager, came over to see what I needed.  At that time all I wanted was to have the spare put on and the mangled tire zipped up in the spare tire purse.  (What are those things called?)   To my surprise he had a technician pull my car in and take care of it right away.  We were only there for about 15 minutes, it would have been much less time had the poor guy not had so much trouble getting the tread flapping tire all zipped up.  To my even greater surprise when I went to pay, Chad said, "No charge".  Okay, starting to kinda like this place.  Nice customer service.  When I got home and begin pricing tires I was again surprised to find that Firestone was only a little bit more for comparable tires than the other big Discount tire place nearby.  I decided to spend the extra $8 at the Firestone because of the great customer service I received.  Oh maybe that was their plan all along..go figure.  I went back in armed with my internet prices and knew exactly what tires I wanted and how much it should cost.  Justin, the brand new shop manager, (He literally just got to Phoenix the day before, welcome to Phoenix Justin) greeted me when I came in even though he was helping another customer.    When he was free he looked up the tires I wanted and informed me they needed to be ordered but he could have them in less than an hour.  I couldn't wait due to an appointment I had later in Chandler.  I had Justin order the tires so they would be there the next day.    I asked Justin if they were the same as the on line price, he verified that they were and I said I'd hoped they'd be even less.  He promised to see if he could do anything about that when I came in the next day.  The next afternoon I dropped off my car and waited at Manuels Mexican restaurant a block away (Great Mexican food and Ritas).  It took a bit longer than expected but I didn't really care.    When I got back to pick up my car Justin went a step beyond his word and somehow managed to get me a great deal on the tires, including the road hazard.  He also had my car fully checked out and told me that I didn't need anything else, my car was in good shape.    No up selling, no trying to get me to buy an air filter or another service I didn't need.  He had told me that it was his policy to never sell a customer something they do not need and then proved it by giving my car a clean bill of health.    So, if you are in the North Valley and need work done on your car, think there might be something wrong, or you need new tires go see Chad and Justin.  They are amazing and run a great shop!    I was going to give them only 4 stars with a mention that I would give them 4.5 is possible but after writing this I think I'm going with the 5 since they are closer to a 4.75.  Seriously, go see them!
5 5 stars all the way. Considerate, professional and their work is perfect.chad, the manager, will work within your budget to get the work your car needs at competitive labor rates. He is such a sweetheart! Say hello to techs Justin and chad who are very kind and helpful.
2 this place is hit or miss. i have scheduled oil changes days in advance and still would wait up to 2 hours for what should be a 30 minute deal. the techs for tires and oil are good but the front desk managers are over worked seemingly and look tired. if you are in a hurry or have a schedule to keep i would look elsewhere. if you can make a day of it they do decent work.
5 I have taken all my cars to Firestone and have always been pleased with the service and the price.  Their prices are always reasonable.  I have only taken in German cars and that doesn't seem to ever be a problem.  Even my 1988 Mercedes, they have worked on it multiple times and I have always been pleased.
5 Always fair and honest service. Quick service times and nice guys. We have used them for years on multiple vehicles.
1 I wish everyone the best of luck. please get a second opinion on recommendations. This review is only for Cave Creek Firestone......
5 I have passed by this location for years however I had never stopped to have an actual service done until today. I have gotten plenty of air checks done here but that was about it.  I do still go to the one in North Scottsdale but they will now have serious some competition since they are kinda close to me house (N.Scottsdale is close to work). I must say that every time I have stopped ( yes I know I have only one check-in but I was never here for longer than 5 mins. I mean why check in for an air check?) it has always been after right a mad rush which is AWESOME for me because that means in and out quick. Even the oil changed I received on a Sunday no less, they had me in and out in what 30 mins tops? Crystal, whom I remember from my favorite Scottsdale location works here and she is one bad (as in very good) mechanic/service tech! I so adore her as well as Tim who was a manager.  Any who, If you are ever in the area, stop by get your services done, and keep it moving. They are friendly, fast, fair and they let you know what needs to be done either right then and there or sometime soon.
5 Pat Ruiloba rocks!  My tire had a nail in it on a Sunday and not a lot of places were open.  Pep Boys wanted 125 + for a basic tire.  Firestone.....not!  Quick and kind folks here.  Love!  I'll come back.
5 I love this Firestone. I have been coming here for a couple of years now. Every time I come in the staff is so friendly.  When the technicians takes my car, they complete the task at hand, in a timely manner. I know I will only wait what they quote me. I highly recommend them. I know you will see what I see. Then you will be hooked here for all your car needs.
