5 Now while i have only attended church service there a couple of times...this location has one of it not the best fireworks show in the valley here in AZ. I will definitely be making this annual trip to this locale to see this fantastic spectacle of a lights and colors...it was in a word FABULOUS. I posted some pics of the fireworks extravaganza...please check them out. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!
4 I like attending service here, even though I am not a member here. Services are prompt and average about 1.5 hours and there is always a friendly face greeting you at the door.
4 This is a large church, so if you're looking to come in and not be noticed you'll be fine.  The music is loud, but fairly well mixed.  I personally think the vocals are hard to pick out.  It's more moddern type worship and suites the younger crowd very well.  Older individuals may not feel very comfortable during the music, but the sermons are excellent, challenging, and will speak to all types of people.  If you're in the area, give it a try.
1 Not so much a church as a HUGE THEATER.  The few "services" I have been to have always followed the same basic style:  SINGING, More Singing, a very long sermon, more singing, a collection, a baptism or two, more singing, and an altar call.  It all seemed so well rehearsed.  Maybe it's because I was brought up in a Catholic environment, but I found the size not very conductive to effective worship.  No one really gets to know anyone.  This "church" is not for me.
5 I've been attending for over 25 years and I can honestly say they have a huge heart for people and their community. From the top down, they are always looking for ways to serve. Although it's a big church they have friendly greeters, first time visitor parking and a lot of small group activities and classes so you can get to know others and become connected.  And because of the size, they are able to team up to do incredible things like their annual Christmas production, Fourth of July fireworks show, Thanksgiving turkey give-away and much more. With over 250 ministries, there is definitely something for everyone.
5 Can you say BEST CHURCH EVER? When you come here... You become family. It may be a big church but, it makes it all the better. The barnetts are simply amazing. Groups are amazing. I love it so much! A great part is they offer free day care during service so I have something to do with my toddler while I worship! I love PFA!
5 We have been going to this Church now for a year and a half.   They have a Wonderful Children's Program, which is very important to us!  They have 2 wonderful Pastors, great Music Department and Drama Department and you can get free counceling at this Church from some wonderful Christian Councelors!  They have the Best Christmas Pagent in the USA hands down. With "Live" animals including sheep, camels, elephant and also have Angels flying in the air above you! Pretty Awesome!!! Come see us on Sunday mornings, Sunday evenings or Wednesday evenings, or just come early in the morning to work out and get in shape!
5 Sunrise Easter service was great. Music and message was wonderful. Followed by a tasty brunch and then the 9am The Bridge was fantastic. Stage was colorful with 100s of flowers. Message was good, and felt very alive on departure...will have to come by again other than this and the fantastic Christmas program they put on.
5 The scenery and the mountains around the church is nostalgic! Being from a different part of the country, the backdrop isn't something that I see often and I was in awe. Several people greeted us and shook our hands, giving this mega church a personable feel. The worship and the service were both amazing too. If I were a nearby resident, I would attend services and small groups regularly.
5 Had my high school graduation here. Parking lot is huge. Bathrooms were super clean. Great place for a graduation. Overall really nice clean and in a good area. Kind of hard to find if you don't know where your going though.
5 Massive church campus, could get lost, had a friendly smiling guy Gabriel(security) on a Golf cart who directed me... to the evening service other wise I would have been lost! I visited here for the first time, for their Sunday evening service... it was a Youth focused service, which was pretty cool. met Pastor Ben (guess he was the Youth pastor) briefly during the meet & greet! Incidentally it was Pastor Ben's birthday the day I visited...very cool!!
5 I have been going to the Christmas performance at Phoenix first since I have 10 years ago.  It is an amazing show and it is difference every year.    It is definitely something I always look forward to every Christmas.  This year they did a Christmas Express show and it was pretty amazing.  Looking forward to seeing what they do next year for the Christmas performance.
4 Such a comfortable church.  It's a large church, but not a mega-mega church like CCV. Very friendly members and staff.  Singing is incredible!  They have entertaining programs and I just love the causes they give to.
2 Meh!!  Wish the people were nicer
