4 Under new ownership after a few rocky years (original owner passed away last year).  Very friendly salon with excellent staff.
5 This salon is great! I see Christine and have been going to her for years for my hair and eyebrows. She knows how to make me look good!
5 I moved to Arizona in 2010 and having been going to Christine ever since based on a recommendation from a friend. She is amazing with my hair and she is always on time :) the salon is beautiful and everyone is always so friendly!
5 I love all the girls who work here, Krissy is my beautician, she is the best!  I always make her cut my hair how she thinks it should look, I have yet to be disappointed! I would recommend anyone to her!
1 completely ruined my hair today.  it was platinum blonde, asked for ombre and now my hair is black/grey.  thanks christine.
5 Christine is awesome! She has been doing my hair for years and always looks like perfection! Go see her!! (: Overall, Beautyworx is amazing!!
5 I received the best pedicure I've ever had in my entire life today with Maya! She has magic hands, she gives the best massages hands down! I had to start with that tidbit of information, but I also had a fantastic manicure and eyebrow wax.  Unlike most pedicures, where they give you the "obligatory" foot massage with the lotion, where they ruin it - asking if you want to pay more for 5 minutes instead of just letting you relax, Maya loves to make sure you have the best possible experience! She massages during the scrub, the lotion, and wherever she notices you are holding tension. She doesn't turn on a timer and watch it tick, she checks in with you to make sure you are doing okay and at the end of it your feet look and feel amazing! You might miss this place as it is tucked in a shopping center, but once you walk inside, it's an oasis of beauty and relaxation. Everyone who works there is really sweet and they just want to make sure you taken care of, it's kind of like the Cheers of nail salons, everyone knows everyone and if you are new, they will go out of their way to make sure you feel like it's your home too.
5 Got my hair do there today by Chelsea. She did an excellent job. She is great at color and highlights. Loved the way it turned out. Will be back for sure.
5 Have been going to Krissy for years as well as my daughters!  We love her and now that she works at  her mother's salon...it rocks even more!  Comfortable and fun!
5 Great service!! I've gotten hair extensions here multiple times and I always leave with exactly what I want! This is the place to go!
