5 ok -- so it's a dealership service center right?  just a GM corner of the world to take your money and leave you 'needing more' (more money or more repairs) ....right??   NOPE!    Lund has always taken GREAT care of  my car. I have a little Saab and well, truth be told, it's needed a few repairs, one being pretty significant ....regardless i still LOVE MY SAAB!    Each time I have taken my car in, the service writers (Phil / Steve) have been GREAT!  They are helpful and know the vehicle -- they always makes sure i'm in/out of there as promised.   Their estimates are fair (i've compared them with others!!) and actually Lund tends to come in even less than they originally quoted.  Not sure about you but i'd rather be happily surprised with a smaller bill.  When I pick up my car, I get a very detailed walk through of what they serviced, what i need to look out for, etc.  I also always return home in a very well cleaned car!  (nice little perk!)   Prior to the economic bust - they gave me a free rental car each visit (all varieties of Saabs and even a CTS). That totally ROCKED ...but now, they only have the van service, which is still good - prompt, clean and courteous.   The waiting area has a variety of drinks/ snacks and tv / magazines to keep you entertained. Not the crazy "spa, movie theater, yoga, tech center" auto mall thing --but it serves me just fine!!  Always a danish or a bagel to be had -- even cookies / ice cream and pop corn !!! (ohhh it's a party over there!!)  hehehe  but seriously, i don't need to have my car repair bill to be more expensive so it can cover the yoga instructor or the spa service expenses -- i just want my car taken care of.  Maybe it's a Cadillac Hummer Saab thing - but  I am a LOYAL LUND fan!   just sayin
2 So, I'm driving from SEA to PHX with my 65-year grandmother who manages to invite herself into my 06' Saab 9-3 for my 1500 mile journey to my new home. I should've known better than to let her drive! She was hauling ass, really enjoying herself, blurting out such things as "I feel so young again!" and "I love going fast!" Although, she made me nervous, I also enjoyed seeing her happy, so I allowed it to persist until she hits a HUGE pot hole going 70mph in a 50mph.   Bam! $800 Anti-lock Brake System repair.  When I took the Saab into get it fixed the service was fantastic. They were very helpful. They even had this old man drive me back to work. He was a creepy old man. It was so funny. "The best part about college are the cute horny girls." Ummm. Ok. Old man. TMI.   Anyway, so they diagnosed the car, "fixed it," cleaned my car inside out, and delivered it to me! Great, right?! Wrong. The car was returned with the engine light on and the gentleman who delivered the car said nothing. So I begin to drive and the car doesn't accelerate. Its driving like an effing golf cart. Pretty comical, but I wasn't happy. I call the service dept, they agreed to scan the car for free if I brought it back in, but were not convinced there was anything wrong. So I took the car in and it appears they didn't finish the repair! Once they scanned the car's computer they immediately knew where to look. The guy pops the hood, and boom various pipes are not clamped down and the air sensors are not attached. Lund Saab, really?  They were clearly embarrassed and I forgive them for not knowing how to apologize. They did give me a new gas tank cap after it came up on the scanner because mine had been recalled, which I guess I'm supposed to be feel happy about except for the fact they should have fixed it with the initial repairs! In the end, I'm not happy with their lack of detail, which is why you pay top dollar, right?
5 i have to change my review after talking to bobby the general manager he turned me over to Vince who went out of his way to make us happy. Very pleased
5 Turning 30 did NOT mean I wanted a hybrid, another 4-door sedan or something my mom would drive.  don't get me wrong, i love my mom. I just am not ready to turn into her.  So, it was time to get the convertible I have been talking about buying for YEARS.  After an online search through countless dealer sites, I came across my Saab convertible on the website for Lund Cadillac Hummer & Saab.  The high-def photos on their web site had me thinking I was looking at photos from a car show.  I called that same day to inquire about the one I wanted.  The internet sales manager, Frank Barela is great! He brought the car to me the next day (on my lunch hour!) for a test drive and made sure that all my questions we answered and needs met.  There was no hassle in the buying process and Frank made certain I was comfortable with my decision.   Of course, the car had major selling points but the attentiveness and service level made my decision easy.  I am confident that my decision to buy from Lund (...and Frank) was the right one.  Every time I get a compliment on my car, I mention Lund and my experience. Thank you, Frank Barela! I love my Saab!
5 I just got off the phone with a gentleman named Frank, awesome customer service. Thank you!
5 Took the caddy here for service and I was more than pleased with the price and results, nice lobby to wait in and quick service! Fair price, and it was all cleaned up for me before delivery! Will continue to do business with them!
5 I just want to say how great this dealership is.  We worked a deal over the phone and they even brought the car to me to test drive.  This is our second vehicle from there and have totally enjoyed the buying experience.  Out of there both times in 30-45 minutes!  Ask for Ed Barowsky, he was our last salesman and we really liked him.  Will be back for a third vehicle in a few years.
5 Best dealership we've experienced.  We bought two cars from this place.   Please ask for Chris  he was the best.   I highly recommend this place.  No bs from them what so ever.
5 Lund Cadillac rocks. I drive a 2011 SRX and love it.  All of a sudden my  OnStar stopped working.  Rob Cox took great care of me.  Rob had a loaner car (a 2013) delivered to my front door.  It took a week for OnStar to get it right, but what did I care I was driving a brand new car. The service department at Lund Cadillac is great to work with.  Thank you,  Sara V
5 Todd Coffer and the service folks at Lund Cadillac are wonderful and I highly recommend them!
5 Lund Cadillac was easy to work with and made my leasing a new Cadillac an easy and quick process. Thanks guys! Sam J.
5 My husband and I live in Texas, we found the vehicle we wanted at Lund Cadillac. I was helped by Frank. We did not end up getting the vehicle due to the decision of keeping the vehicle we were planning to trade in. Through the process of test driving, keeping in contact, offering over the top convenience options, and more than important; getting the numbers to work for us. Frank was great. For as far as we got in the deal, dealing a vehicle over the phone/text was a lot smoother process than I would have thought.
5 Recently purchased a 1996 Corvette on the private market.  After some research on the internet decided Arrowhead Cadillac had the best reputation for Corvette service in the valley. Brought it in to have it completely checked out and all problems addressed.  I couldn't be more pleased with the work done and the experience as a whole.  Todd kept me informed as work progressed and answered all my questions.  I definitely will bring it back for future service and recommend this dealership to others for it's professionalism and courtesy.
1 TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE.. long review but worth the read. Don't make the same mistake I did.   I actually signed up for Yelp to write this review because my experience was so off putting. AVOID MIKE MARTIN. He was a very nice guy to start, I explained my situation; First time buying a car, my price range, I was already financed, knew the exact car I wanted. He suggested we take a ride, however, before we got the keys I mentioned it seemed a little out of my budget, but he insisted we drive (good sales tactic) Long story short after we got inside he became the aggressive car salesman we all stereotype. He raised his voice   ripped off his glasses, threw both elbows on the desk and told me "I clearly have never bought a car before" (which was one of the first things I told him) After that I mentioned how I still think the car is out of my price range and he told me that I would have to get financing through the dealership and called it a "stupid idea" to get financing any other place. What shocked me the most was when I told him I didn't want to low ball nor do a back and forth sales negotiation. If the price works we have a deal, if not lets not waste time. His response was "It's because of people like you we have to do this" After a comment like that I walked out. Tried to resolve with the manager a few days later (he tried to sell me another car...what?) and I was assured it would be brought to Mike's attention. All in all its a nice dealership, decent selection but horrible buying experience. If you are looking for a great no B.S. car buying process I recommend taking your money elsewhere.
1 In regards to Cassie or "Ricks" comment. I tried multiple times to get in touch with someone in upper management about my experience. It's funny how a review on social media suddenly makes this important...Too little to late.
5 My wife and I just traded our X5 in for a SXR. We dealt with Andrea and Mike. Both did an outstanding job. I have never leased a car before. Mike explained the advantages and made this decision easy. I just signed and drove off the lot. Great job Andrea and Mike PS No pressure. Just good people
