3 I feel like fat sedentary life gone temporarily wrong crap and need to get moving... but convenience is huge.  Sooooo..... the closest easiest workout possible is  just up the street at Bally's.    It isn't the trendiest gym.  The machines are not old, but they are not the absolute newest either.  Their spin class is 8 very nice spin bikes in the room downstairs instead of 20 in the main venue, and the view from the cardio equipment is a wall with 4 small square windows on the far side of the indoor running track, and that is fine with me.  I just want to hog the treadmill for 45 minutes without miss preteen ponytail rolling her overdone eyes at me.  The place is never empty, but i have never had to fight crowds or wait for a machine.  The staff is tremendously friendly and helpful.... the clientele, although not unpleasant, are not as friendly.  This is a good place to take care of the business of working out so you can go do other things.
1 I went in to this place this morning on a free pass!  I took a tour of what seems to be the oldest, most dated, cramped gym in the valley.  This place needs to be redone.  I immediately needed to know where the cleaning solutions were located in the gym to feel safe. Apparently they have housekeeping clean the machines three times a day. Really? I swear that place has to be growing out antibiotic resistant bugs that scientist have never dreamed of...  I had to leave. I could not bring myself to even use the free pass. My butt will stay flabby a little while longer. Bally corporate seriously needs to focus in on upgrading and cleaning the gyms that they have. I believe that their customers deserve better for $25/month.
3 I originally joined Bally's in 2007 and was a member at the Scottsdale club. I actually went pretty faithfully; my routine was to hit the place up on my way home from work since it was literally a mile from my office. Times change, I left that job, started traveling a ridiculous amount, and my card collected dust. A few months ago, I was informed by Bally's that the Scottsdale club was closing and my membership was being transferred to this club. It's actually better for me since this is closer to my home, site of my new office.  I've been getting back into the habit of going recently (hello vacation to Cabo!) and making the most of my membership before it expires next March.  Bally's is pretty basic, but like previous posters mentioned, it has just what you need to get the job done.   Pros: Equipment is clean. I do see people cleaning, and unlike the Scottsdale club, the patrons are better at wiping down the machines after they use them. The locker room is clean, the common areas are clean. They do have plenty of equipment. I went at a peak time (like 6 pm) and could still snag an elliptical. They have a pool. I have a pool at home but it's hardly the type of pool that you can do laps in and get a work out from.   Cons: It's old. It's just dated and it shows. The equipment is in good working order, but it's nothing fancy. The classes are sort of boring and I think the schedule is pretty whack. There are like no later evening classes which would be awesome. I work during the day, and even though I'm home, I can't exactly step out for 1.5 hours to do a gym class.   So there you have it. If you are interested in the basics, Bally's is your place. If you need excitement, hot people to look at, and innovation...go some place else.
