4 La Playa is a quaint dive bar that recently got a makeover. Its glass walls were painted black which made for interesting summer visits. But now it attempts to have a beach motif, complete with a faux great white shark head biting an Arizona license plate and puffer fish.   It offers two pool tables, an electronic dart board and a pinball machine or two. Nothing remarkable there. It is well lit which coincides with its new attitude. There is also a digital jukebox and few pay-to-play digital game consoles at the end of the bar.   I have yet to eat the food. Honestly I will not likely try it.   There are a few pool/lawn plastic seats to sit on outside. They have some small plastic bins for garbage and cigarette refuse.  But the drinks are great and the prices cannot be beat. There is a very gorgeous bartender there sometimes. She is actually worth the trip. She makes a great root beer shot. None of the other customers seemed dismayed that there is no (none that I saw anyway) wine. Overall a pleasant drinking experience.
4 This seems to be a pretty cool place to hang out The decor is cool The people seem to be friendly  Prices aren't too bad I'll definitely be back
5 With football season just around the corner you need to find a place to watch your team & this place is great! Free breakfast and all the games on sunday. Very chill and you can even hear your game, plus the bartenders know how to pour a drink & are easy on the eyes. A+
4 Great place for cheap drinks!  Everybody knows each other and you can becom part of the Playa family quick :) Sharen ( the owner ) is very friendly and nice and she will remember your name and what you drink after one visit.  Great place to watch games !
4 Every neighborhood should have a tiki/beach themed dive located in the non-descript strip mall on the corner.  A locals place for sure, but as an out of towner I felt totally comfortable here knocking back a few brews and shooting a few games of pool.  2 beers were only $5.50 (I think).
