5 As a former Starbucks manager, I hold Starbucks stores to extemely high standards. I frequent SBUX a lot. By a lot, I mean more than the average Starbucks freak. With that said my input is based on what I know the founder of Starbucks wanted out of each store, and how close the store is to achieving that level of quality service. If any of the points below has an "N/A" next to it, that simply means I was not able to form an opinion based on our interactions.  1-Below Standards 2-Meets Standards 3-Outperforms Standards  Store Review  Now that I live in the North valley, this is my regular Starbucks store and I feel very fortunate to have such a great Starbucks in my neighborhood.   Avg Visits: 4-5 times/week Partner Friendliness: 3 Partners smiles, cheery, strike up conversations Partner Appearance: 3 Always look professional (some are well decorated!) Partner Knowledge: 3 They knew my drink, know coffee well, and since they know I'm a former barista, they love talking back and forth about coffee in a way only Starbucks nerds would talk.   Store Appearance (decor): 2 Standard Starbucks cookie cutter appearance that Starbucks so desperately does not want. Store Cleansliness: 3 This store is always very clean.  Store Comfort: 3 Comfortable setting and furniture for doing work for long periods of time.   *Either 1 or 2 for this section. Its either right or wrong* Beverage Taste: 2 Iced Single Venty Hazelnut Breve Iced Coffee, Dirty Chai, or Triple Espresso Beverage Consistency: 2 Never had funny tasting drinks Beverage Temperature: 2 Always ice cold or steamy hot. Beverage Preparation (I watch): 2 No health hazards, shortcuts, etc. Beverage Mistakes: 2 Never had a wrong drink made but watch out for customers that accidentally steal your drink!   Will I return?: YES  I personally don't care for Starbucks food and do not believe that is what Starbucks is about. Therefore I do not review their food offerings.
4 Screw you and your new hibiscus tea. It's so delicious I now get Starbucks twice a day.   If that isn't bad enough you always have yummy little tasters, knowing I have no willpower and you will take even more of my money on my next visit.
5 ooh, yeah, another Starbucks review. So this would be one of three Starbucks locations within a mile radius of my house, but its my favorite! This place has a few tables and chair inside and a little bit more outside on their patio which I love! They have a decent selection of equipment and drinkware to purchase (like I even need more, but I'm a junkie so I'll buy the new design, sigh) and their baked goods are always equally as tempting. The baristas have always been super friendly and welcoming and offer different  drink suggestions when I go "um, I don't know what I want, but I always get a carmel macchiato, but I don't want that today, but I don't know what I want". Drinks are made pretty quickly, even with a line and the bathroom is always clean, so when your espresso diuretic kicks in....you're good. Woot Woot!
4 Ok I admit it, I have a Starbucks addiction. I'm not proud of it, and it continues to get worse.  I'm a fiend for iced coffee with soymilk, I order them all year long. No fancy latte for me, I don't need the extra calories.  This Starbucks is rad and it is simply because of the cool employees that work it. I was recently hipped top the Rewards Program, and I have already earned enough points for free customization. No more paying for soy.. It really adds up when you buy 30 a month...   Thanks for the friendly tip that will bring this junkie back over and over.
5 I visited this Starbucks after having my nails done two doors down. I paid cash for my nails. Hang on there is a point to this ;)  I ordered a mocha frapp and gave the girl my debit card which was declined because I hadn't realized that it had expired and I hadn't put the new one in my wallet. Talk about embarrassing!! The girl said "no worries, it's on the house". I was dumb founded. Who does that these days? Thank you! I have yet to stop by and repay them but definitely will do so! Kudos to the girl! Wish I had gotten her name!
3 Okay, so maybe not really "free" coffee.  I was gifted the January cup, for lack of a better term, which allows one a free cup of coffee every day during the month of January.  I like coffee.  Starbucks is okay coffee.  The thing I don't like is how they wash my cup every time before they put coffee in it.  I don't like that.  I don't want them washing my cup, I can wash it myself and I don't need you washing it after I wash it.  Besides, maybe I like it dirty.  Maybe you should ask first, but don't ask if you are already washing it, that's just silly.  Next, they like to run hot water in it to "pre-heat" my cup.  whatever. sniff.  If the coffee gets cold that fast when you pour it in an insulated cup, maybe you should consider serving it at a higher temp.  I promise I won't sue you.  I always feel kinda weird going into a Starbucks, not that it's a bad place, but maybe I'm just old and cranky and I just want a cup of coffee, I don't need any flavorings or fluffing, just a plain, simple cup of coffee.  I sure don't want to try any of the pastries or foods you have in the display case - I have no clue how long they've been there and if it's more than a couple of hours, then I really don't want it.  I don't want to try your latest coffee rage, or maybe I do, but generally, I just want a cup of coffee.    mostly, I can navigate the maze of half-calf, soy latte, americano's and escape with just a cuppa and my sanity.  Some days I get stuck in the crowd of people that think once they order, they can just stand around anywhere, because, really, why would somebody want to put cream in their cuppa before you have your conversation with your long-lost coworker whom you just saw yesterday, so you just stand right in front of the coffee stand where I have to politely wait for you to finish reminiscing and interrupt, so I can get to the cream.    Oh, and I'm still amazed that a cup of iced tea, that you fill like 1/3 with tea, then water down with tap water still costs almost $3.  //rant over.
5 Me and my wife come to this place all the time. She needs a lot of coffee, that's why. Anyways, we like to come here and get an black tea for me and an Americano for my wife and then head on over to Petsmart to look at puppies and kitties. Next we go over to Ross and try to score some sweet deals so we look like high fashion. That's basically how every weekend goes and it's all started by this very awesome Starbucks. A+
3 This location is just ok probably because it is small and yet folks pack into this tiny box of a location. They have offer La Boulange pastries and seem to have a good assortment of salads and sandwiches available throughout the day. I like that this location is open early.
4 This location is a little small but along with seating inside they have tables available outside.  Every time I've ordered it has always been very fast, which I appreciate. The staff is very friendly and my soy latte has been perfect every time!
