4 Think of it like Hallmark on crack with ever freaky trinket, doodad, and knick-knack ever produced. Housewives in the Midwest would go crazy for this shit. But hey, if you need a card that says "Sorry I ran over your best friend's brother's foot with my Razor scooter" this store is going to have it.
5 Um, they have shoes here!  So one would think that the majority of items in this store would be some form of a greeting card, but you would be wrong. This place has hundreds of little knick-knacks that entice you to forget about the "hey, sorry I missed your birthday, but I was too lazy last week to pickup and mail a card out to you" card that you need to send to your friend. This store has, like I mentioned previously, shoes, purses, mugs, wine coozies, dog accessories, jewelry, and much much more. The store also has a little section where you can personalized stationary and/or announcement with a rather large selection of options. They also have helium balloons here and some pretty awesome and unique wrapping paper, gift bags, and tissue paper that would be a nice accompaniment to your card that you probably forgot about. Staff was super friendly and the store was well lit and clean.
1 I love Hallmark stores and normally spend a lot of money on cards for everyone, even picking up little gifts. I have to say, this is the first time that I've ever had such a disappointing experience with a Hallmark store and I don't believe I will be returning. It started when I walked into the store on 4/22/14 at around 12:45p. A store employee (middle-aged, blond woman), was busy re-stocking and turned to see me come in. She didn't greet me, didn't smile. She turned her back and went right back to what she was doing. I thought to myself, "ok, maybe she's just caught up in her work.." I stay in the store for about 20-25 minutes picking out birthday cards and bring them up to the front. There wasn't anyone available for a couple of minutes and then the same store employee approaches the cash register, doesn't greet me, doesn't look at me, doesn't apologize for the wait and just takes my cards and starts ringing them up, but not before she stood there for a few seconds watching me adjust each card for her so that the UPC code on the back was visible for her to scan easily. Again, stoic face..and not even a thank you. She rings me up, asks if I'm a Hallmark member (which I am) but didn't have my card. She looks it up for me, verifies my name and completes the transaction. There was no smile, no warmth, or friendliness...more of a scowl. She just hands me my bag and quietly says "Thanks, have a nice day.." as she walks away from the register. I always give people the benefit of the doubt. Maybe she was having a bad day, maybe there were personal issues I wasn't aware of....And I'm sorry if that was the case. But it was pretty disheartening to have this experience at a Hallmark where customer service is normally exceptional. And if this was "Stacy" of "Stacy's Hallmark" that I encountered, I hope this review helps change things or that you become more aware of how important customer service is and how first impressions really make a statement (things that are pretty important when trying to run a small business). I can choose to shop anywhere, and on that day I chose Stacy's Hallmark. I don't think I'll be making that choice again. Thank you and good luck.
