5 This is my go-to spot for mani-pedi's and brow waxing. They do a bang-up job on my poor feet because it takes a lot to get those pups looking good. I have never made an appointment but never had to wait more that 3-5 minutes to be assigned a nail tech.  They recently got new massage chairs that don't grind your bones or shake you to death like some chairs do. Also, this is one of the best places I have been for a brow wax. My sensitive skin has taken a beating at many other places but never here. I don't know anyone by name but the employees are all very nice and skilled at what they do. Oh, and they are typically $5 cheaper than anywhere else I have been for pedicures!
5 I had a pedicure at this place today. The prices are excellent. I paid $22 for the best pedicure I can ever remember getting and I have paid $60+ in some places. I kept expecting to pay more thinking they must be giving me the deluxe pedi instead of the basic one but nope the one I got was the basic one. I'm not even sure what they might add if they have a deluxe pedi accept maybe a paraffin dip or an herbal wrap? They have an attractive clean facility. They actually line the basin where your feet go with a plastic liner that they change between customers, now that is clean! The chairs themselves look brand new. I got the longest foot massage I have ever had with a pedi even when I paid for a so-called deluxe or spa pedi elsewhere. My toes looked great when they were done. I was offered a bottle of water to drink while I waited. I know some places will give you wine, coffee etc but this is not a spa and for that price I am more than happy with water (besides I have to drive). Btw, they have male clients as well. In case you guys want to experience one of the things that makes it great to be a woman.  The staff was so pleasant and most of them are English speaking. What more could you ask for? Hanna was the girl that did my feet but I saw the others working and they all seemed to do quality work. I am so excited that I found a great affordable place to get some regular pedicures while I'm here. If I can only find a good massage around here I will be in heaven.  I give them 5 stars because they are better than any spa I have ever been to and a third the price.
5 After a lot of begging and convincing, me and my boyfriend decided to get pedicures together. I searched for places close to home and after reviewing Fancy Nails decided to give it a shot. We got there and all the techs and who seemed to be the owner or manager made us feel very welcomed. The place was clean and inviting. We got to the chairs which were probably the nicest chairs I've seen in a while and I loved that the spa pedi bowls had one use plastic liners that are disposed of after every single use. My massage was AMAZING!!! and the polish and selection was good!!! I was very happy and even my boyfriend said when we were finished "that was awesome, we need to do that a lot more" SCORE ;)
5 I love this place! They give great services for the price. I got a mani and a pedi there and they were by far the cheapest, and the cleanest!! They take care of their clients. The best part, is they rememer you! it had been a while since I went there and they mentioned that to me. I will definately be going back there!
5 I love the work they do and they're cheap!!!! So worth the trip!
5 First time at Fancy today. Walk-in appointment and I got sat immediately with Ha. She was very good! Very clean and quick technique. The salon is very nice and welcoming...they offer coffee, water, etc. I recently moved to the area and will definitely be back!!
5 I recently moved to this salon after 5 years somewhere else that was close by. This salon is great. Great prices, very clean and great service. The techs dont sit on their phone the entire time you are there :) I will be ditching the other salon and using this place from now on! Great find. Highly recommend!
5 love this nail salon. i read the reviews on yelp and decided to try.  each experience has been positive, i've been going every 2-3 weeks since march.  i generally get a pedicure and gel manicure.  I haven't had the same technician twice but i always walk out happy with my nails and toes and get loads of compliments.    the have great selection of gel/ shellac/ gelish polishes, can almost always find colors that match the regular polish near perfectly. prices are good, they have different pedicure choices you can add on and different types of pedicures to encompass all their different services.   go during the week!  their weekends are insanely busy, you will have to wait and your services are good, but much better during the week.  that being said they like to take their time during the week.  sometimes its helpful to let them know you have a bit of a time crunch.  (my last gel manicure and pedicure i was there for just over 90 minutes)  i appreciated the time and enjoyed the break, but i know sometimes that much time is too much to spare.
5 I'm in love! The owner greeted us the minute we entered. He pointed out that they use plastic liners in the basin that you soak your feet in, and are thrown out after each pedicure - SOLD!! I love the fact that hygiene is of the utmost importance. You can catch some pretty nasty stuff at nail places. The basic pedi is 22.00 and goes up from there. My Mom and I both did the Paraffin wax pedicure (it was wonderful), I did a French manicure & design and my Mom did a solid color, total cost was 79.00 for the two of us - not bad! Hygiene, great prices, and fantastic service -- never thought I would find all 3 in one salon :)   *They also have a HUGE selection of colors for gel nails which is usually very limited.  ** They also prefer CASH rather then debit/credit card and have a sign saying so.
5 Have been going here on and off for about two years now. Very nice people working here and they do a good job. Was a "walk in" and they took care of me right away. Ivy did a very nice job and will return!
5 Love this salon. Kim is very friendly and did a really nice job on my mani and pedi. The owner runs a very tight ship and not very many people are talking, it's very quiet, the staff are very attentive and it's very relaxing. The place is very very clean. I will make this my nail salon now, it's reasonable, friendly, clean and relaxing, what more could you want?
4 Went on a whim while running errands and I was helped right away. The salon was very clean and the chairs comfy. The staff was friendly and though it was busy it was fairly quiet so I felt I could relax. basic mani/pedi for $34, not too bad! Will be visiting again!
4 Needed a new nail place closer to my house so went here on a whim. I went on a wed afternoon so was pretty quiet and they were able to get me in right away. Pedicure was very nice, massage was long, they offered me a bottle of water, normal prices, clean place, and friendly staff. My only complaint was they didn't have me sit under the lamp to dry so after I got home I noticed one if my toes was smeared. Luckily I brought my own polish so I could touch it up. I will be going here again.
5 Very happy with service. Hubs and i had pedi here, we were not disappointed. Good service and price.  We will b going again.
5 Thank you yelpers!! I found also found this place to be awesome!! Clean and lots of gel colors and glitter to choose from. Ill be back there for sure!!
5 I rarely get my nails done, but I can see how that may change since discovering this place! Friendly staff and no wait time. Excellent price too.
5 I often travel to Phoenix, but I've never been able to find a great nail salon that's the trifecta: clean, reasonably priced, and does great shellac...until now.   I called to check to see if I could come in without an appointment and was able to get in right away. I was greeted by the salon owner, who removed my old shellac and then prepped my nails. His next appointment arrived, so he sent me over to HaLee, who did my nails. She was awesome - precision shellac, super-nice, and very quick!   The salon is very clean and tastefully decorated. The cost of the manicure was very reasonable, considering what nearby salons were trying to charge.   I'll definitely visit again! Very happy.
3 Last week was first visit to Fancy Nail.  It is clean, they use disposable trays for pedis.  The pedi was nice, good massage, lots of colors to choose from, offered bottled water.  One of my toes got messed up from her putting my flipflop back on, but she fixed it right away.  I also had an acrylic nail fill with gel polish & top coat.  She did a good job of keeping them thin, nice colors to choose from, although they longer use Shellac.  I never felt rushed the whole time I was in there and everyone was nice.  However, when trimming my cuticles, she cut mine & it was bleeding~Not Good because No nail salon puts new tips on their drill for every new customer :( I think I would go back for a pedi but def not for a nail fill.
1 Don't go here if you are picky with your nails! I went to ivy and she did a horrible job. I went for a fill and she ripped off my nails saying there was "fungus" underneath but there absolutely was not. She just wanted to make more money by charging me for a full set. My nails are claw nails and I like them pointy. She made them dull and lopsided. Every single nail was different. I actually had to go home and file them myself to make them look decent! WORST part was that when I took the nails off by nail bed was green/black. I had to go to the doctor for it and everything. I could not even paint over my infected nail beds so I had to live with the most hideous looking nails until they grew out and healed. I swear I will never ever ever EVER go here again.
5 Very nice girls, clean salon and quick service.  If you pay with cash, you get a 5% discount. If you pay with debit, you can't add a tip to the charge, so be sure to bring cash.   I counted 17 people working today, very busy on the weekend, I dropped in with no appointment and got right in, 1 hour later, fresh mani/pedi in Lincoln Park After Dark (my favorite color).  Go here!
5 This place is so clean. They engage you and talk directly to you and no cross talking. The owner runs a tight ship and you can tell. I really like coming here and always leave satisfied. They do such a good job. A spa pedi is only 22 and its amazing. Go here!
5 Steven is the best here. He listens and does what you ask. No sharp square nails here. He does a great French pedicure. The price is great can't beat it.
3 I just moved to Phoenix and decided to try this place out. It's very clean, lots of colors to choose from, and close to my house. Every time it come in here they seemed very rushed and try to get you out of the door as quickly as possible. No room for relaxation. One time I did back my nails done by Steven, he's by far the best and takes his time. I'll probably be branching out if I can't reserve with him in the future.
5 Love this nail salon! They are clean, friendly and my mani/pedis always look awesome. I even took my 5 year old niece last time and they were so great with her!  Don't forget to bring cash!
4 I had a great experience. They took a little longer than expected and that's the only reason I would take a star off. They took their time to make my nails look AWESOME! I will definitely be going back because their prices were not bad at all and it was probably the best gel mani I have ever received.
4 Great experience. Friendly technician. Very much appreciated the attention paid to sanitation. I didn't have an appointment and they were able to seat me immediately for a pedicure. The technician made conversation and paid attention to details. They do prefer you pay in cash (though they take credit cards). You cannot leave a tip on the card though - best to bring cash.
5 Lovely ambiance Attentive staff Reasonable prices They use disposable liners for their foot spas, which lessen the risk of catching bacterial infection. Everyone is great, my favorite is Lynn. She is super talented!
4 Nice place! It is a little hidden, so you'll need to take a right on Rose Garden and then a left into the strip mall behind the gas station. It is in the far end of the strip mall, located next to State Farm.   I came here on a Sunday around noon for a pedicure (yay they're OPEN SUNDAYS!) and they were able to get me right in. I waited less than 5 min, which gave me time to pick a polish color. The salon is newer, tidy and they use disposable liners for the pedi tubs, aspects which are important to me. The nail technician was sweet, polite and there was not too much of a language barrier. I chose the $45 service (pedi prices range from about $25-45), because I enjoy the extra massage time, and I was definitely not disappointed!  The technician frequently (yet not at all to the point of annoyance) "checked in" with me to make sure the massage pressure was right, the water temperature was good, and that she was not buffing/filing/callus-removing  too hard. They have your typical massage chairs for the pedi stations, and full service nail salon as well.   Even though this salon is one exit down the freeway from where I live, and there are salons that are closer, I will definitely make the extra effort to come here over other places. Yay! As for the previous review that mentioned a discount with cash, they no longer do this (or at least the cashier lady didn't know of it). While they accept cards, like others have said, don't be a jerk and BRING CASH FOR A TIP!
4 I was looking for a nail parlor that was close-ish to my area, and this place by far had the best and most consistent reviews. Called to make an appointment to do my gel nails, and the man on the phone was very clear about directions. Upon arriving there i can absolutely see why people might get lost. They're tucked into the back of a complex on Rose Garden lane. Easiest way to get there would be to turn and go east onto Rose Garden lane and then turn left (north) into the red brick complex. They're straight ahead of you there.   It's a nice new place, and was pretty busy when I got there, even though it was 1000 on a Saturday and they had only opened at 0900. Most people were actually there for pedis. Since I had an appointment I was seated almost right away, and they got down to removing my previous gel manicure and get a new one on me.  I do have to make a disclaimer- I hadn't always had a great experience with gel nails. I did them for my wedding and loved them, and went back to get them done after they grew out, for a bachelorette party in Vegas. The removal process was horrid- they used this thing to scrape the stuff off and it felt awful. And then I left, went shopping and literally in an HOUR had a giant chip. Of course there was no time to go back and get it fixed. It was a very disappointing experience.  But getting mine done when I was out of town had been pleasant, and my best friend said she was addicted to them. So I decided to give it a shot again.   And I'm glad I did. The removal process here was quick and painless- the gel manicure crumbled off when it came time to scrape it off, no awful sensations necessary. They had a great range of colors, and my lady even tried to recommend another color for me. (I wound up sticking with the color I wanted). The nails were beautifully done, and she did them promptly- I was in and out of the place in under an hour. I did decide to wait about a week to do a review, to see how well these puppies wear. The manicure I had prior to this chipped a bit on the thumbs within a week, which was also a bit disappointing.  A week and these nails look as good as they did when I left the salon. I'm hard on my nails too- I pound at a keyboard, and have two big, rough dogs at home. These still look great- no chips, wonderful shine.   I think I might have found my newest addiction, and I'll definitely be back to get them done again!   Please do note that you can pay with DEBIT cards, but not credit. Also, like several reviewers noted below- bring CASH to tip.
5 I'm only in Phoenix visiting, and this salon is by far one of the best I have seen. I wish I lived here so I could come get my nails done here more often. They have complimentary coffee and tea at the entrance :) They have great service too! Ask for Kim or Steven to do your nails!
