5 I love coming to this blimpies. Cal, Neil and the rest of the staff are so sweet and the food is always amazing. Wayy better than subway.
5 Yay!!! I second the first review!  Blimpie's is bomb and I will never walk in Subway ever again because I hate walking out smelling like bread!!!!  The guys who work here are all super sweet.. and even the women are too... shocking for me to say!  Much cheaper than Jersey Mike's too!
4 Simple subs. I have always liked blimpe subs they taste great. Simple assembly line style sub making.
5 I live within walking distance of this Blimpie's. I love this place. The food is great and the service is too. They have a great selection of breads, meats, condiments, and chips.   The Blimpie's Best sandwich is my favorite, prepared as toasted bread/melted cheese/heated meat.   When I first moved to PHX last fall I avoided this place because I thought it was fast food and probably like Subway, but I kept seeing tons of people going in there so I decided to give it a try. So glad I did!
2 I came here recently for lunch and thought I had walked in on a dinner theater production, or an episode of Seinfeld.  I was standing in line when the owner started yelling at a customer.  At first, I thought they knew each other, but soon I realized it wasn't an act.  To make matters interesting, he then decided not to honor anothers Blimpie card -- because it was stamped from another location: "I get nothing from this!"  "Go away!"  I guess there was no sandwich for him, or soup!  During these outbursts, some of the customers walked out in confusion.  I just took my sub and left.   In contrast, the employees all seem very nice and friendly.  But, I'll take a pass in the future and skip the drama.   Sorry!
5 This place is BOMB-DIGGITY!!!!!!!!!!!!    My wife found this location while we were looking for thier competator and I'm glad she did.  I prefer Blimpies so much more that they other guys.  The bread is just the way I like it, soft.    The brothers that own and operate this location are great, they remember you and what you like as does thier staff.    We look forward to eating here everytime we get the chance.
5 Very good.  Not all blimp is are created equal and this one is the best.  Meat sliced fresh and bread always fresh.  They pile on the extras too.
2 This was not the same place I remembered as a teen in California. Menu was completely different and has a bad attempt of being like a subway. On a good note the bread was fresh, but sadly I won't hit it up again.
5 I'm a total blimpie head so of course I loved this. The blimpie employee here treated me like a regular customer and put extra mayonnaise on my blimpie as long as I wouldn't tell. So happy with my blimpie experience and am ready for whenever i get a blimpie craving again.
4 My brother and I went to this Blimpie's tonight. We had some trouble finding it, so my brother called the store twice to demand directions. The first phone call went like this:  Blimp-man: Hello? My Brother: yes, where are you located? We're trying really hard to find you... (Etc.) After not finding it and my brother getting increasingly frustrated, this conversation happened: Same Blimp Representative: Hello? My Brother: yes, we can't find you! Where are you again? We really want to get a Blimpie from you!  (Etc.) Upon finding it, finally, we were greeted by a very friendly blimpie-maker. We told him about our hike to Squaw Peak, and he told us about his nephew's tennis tournament. We had trouble remembering everything for the sandwich that we were ordering since it was for our step-grandpa, but riley remembered the jalapeño cheddar bread and oil/vinegar, and I remembered the tomato, onions, and banana peppers.  At the end of it all, it was a good Blimpie experience! Our step-grandpa will definitely want us to get him a sandwich from there again.
