5 Great customer service is hard to come by, and yesterday I encountered one of the best customer service experiences I have had in an automotive store. Most times, the guy behind counter is there "just for the job" and "just trying to get my money" but not this time.  My experience was professional courteous, and ultimately he was genuinely concerned for the value of the money I was spending.  You have a great asset in Vince Miller, managers like him are like a needle in a haystack.   Thank you and I will continue to send my friends and family to see him.
4 Seems like I'm in here every other week and they are so nice every time. I love how they never try to up sale me. The prices are very fair. My only small complaint is it always take longer then they say it will. If they say an hour come back 2 hours later and you will be good to go.
3 My car wouldn't start..normally we have some great mechanics in the area, but since it's the holiday season, we were in a bind. Everyone seems to be closed for vacation. Firestone is literally up the street; we had the car towed there, and the opening hours were definitely a huge plus. 7 am is perfect if you need to drop off your car before work. The prices, in my opinion, are inflated, as are most of these chain auto places-and they always suggest a million other things that your car should get, but that you don't necessarily need. They were there for me in a pinch and I am grateful! We had only the necessary repairs done, without being pushed for anything further. As another reviewer posted, the promised times are way off. It took quite a few calls and an entire day to finally get my car done. I've had tires and oil changes done here too, and they are always courteous. If you need to wait while your car is worked on, they have a little seating area, with free coffee and a small tv set;more than adequate.
5 Every time I bring my car in, everyone is so professional and courteous. They have competitive prices and they know customer service- even the young techs!  And they educated me on how to take better care of my tires so they'd last longer. They'll also check the air pressure at no charge. Love them.
5 Great service on my old "man van" today. In and out and running great!!
5 Fast friendly service!  Got a battery for my husbands truck!  Would definitely return!
5 I have been taking my cars here for a while now and am always impressed with the service we get here.  Joey is amazing and always puts the customer first.  This team goes over and beyond.  If anything happens to go wrong it is fixed with no problems. I respect a place that has integrity, and this location certainly does!
4 Picture this, New Years Eve, driving down Bell Road and bam, you run over something and your tire goes flat. So you proceed to pull over, beg someone to help you put on the donut so that you an go to the nearest Firestone to get it fixed.  You walk in and they are busier then heck on this NYE. However the friendly guy behind the counter says no problem, we will get you all squared away in about an hour or so.. is that ok? Oh and it is only going to cost you $47 as you had warranty on your tire. Hmm HELL YES that is just fine. They were friendly, helpful, and they let me know about a few more issues that I may want to check on at my next oil change, but I was in and out before they closed at 5pm. Thank you again for squeezing me in and taking good care of me.
1 I've gone to these guys before and had good luck with them. Needed two tires and an alignment. The manager told me that they would do a free 'inspection.' Was a new guy I hadn't seen before and I'm wary when they do an 'inspection.'  Last time a tire place did an 'inspection'[ they told me I needed four new struts, when I didn't.  He told me I needed a new radiator, because this one was corroded and leaking and it would be 800 bucks. I was a little leery of this since I just drove it back from Vegas sat in traffic for two hours and had no problem with overheating. I took it home, ran the car with the a/c blasting at subzero temperatures while sitting in the heat for an hour. I inspected the radiator five times over that hour and found no evidence of corrosion, leaks, or overheating. This is a Toyota with 75k on it, and its been a damn solid car. So, watch it when they want to 'inspect' your car here. They WILL find something, probably parts they bought for a discount on overstock. Who knows, maybe they'll sell your own radiator back to you.
2 All they did was try to up sell me.
5 I have been going to this Firestone location for more than a decade for service work.     Over the years the management team and technicians (too complex these days to call them mechanics) overall have done a great job for my family's cars.  I am never sold something I don't need.  The items I asked to be fixed are addressed during the first visit.  No return visits for the same issue.  They honor competitor's coupons.  Invariably the staff is courteous, pleasant and timely with their service.
