4 It's hard for me to rate this place because its a little run down.. but the groomers are amazing, so for Groomers- 5 Star, for actual facility-3 Star.   I've used Janice for awhile now when she was at Fido's on Bell Road and followed her to this location.   The location is right next to Subway and is a hole in the wall by all means!  They have two groomers from what I can tell, Jennifer is the other one and my bf's dog has been groomed by her and she did a great job too.      Why did I follow my groomer to this new place?  Well 1. Fidos Closed and 2. So many places just shave the dogs down, but Janice really takes the time to get to know what you want and takes good notes so when you come back she knows exactally what to do.    If you are in the market for a new groomer I highly recommend making an appt with them just dont be shocked by the location!
5 I bring my wire hair doxie here and they do a great job! Janet and other groomers are great with the dogs. Price is good and we always walk away happy!
5 Jen is AMAZING.. she's super friendly and really takes care of my shelties!  My sheltie Koda was DEATHLY afraid of going to the groomer I used to have to carry him in.  Since he's been going to Doggie Doo's he now walks through the door.  They are average priced and super accommodating.  I can usually get an appointment the next day.  They are now open Sundays too so that helps!  I cannot say enough good things about them!
4 My dogs needed a groomer while we were in Phoenix and I found Doggie Doo's. The shop was clean; staff friendly and after a brief discussion left my dogs with confidence.  Both dogs were expertly groomed by competent, friendly staff in just under 3 hours as promised. If I lived in the area I would make this a permanent spa date for the dogs. Fair price and quality service - can't beat that!  Well Done!
5 I love love love this groomer! They take extremely good care of your pet, and they look so freakin' adorable when you pick them up -- it's like picking them up for the first time to be part of your family (you know, when they tie a cute little bow or bandana around their neck... too cute!)  The staff  is fantastic and do an amazing job with trimming my little yorkie. They trim him to perfection everytime -- even though he squirms like non-other! I highly recommend Doggie Doo's! They also have extremely reasonable pricing for the work they do (actually they do a better job than other places that charge a lot more).
5 We love coming here!! My two yorkies come in every two weeks for a bath and tidy and jennifer does an awesome job. In fact we have been going here for over 7 years! Everyone is so nice and my doggies look so cute!!! These are the best groomers.
5 LOVE THIS PLACE. It's affordable and they are super with my babies. These groomers rock
5 The have not groomed cats for a while now, time to update the name.
