4 I took my son here for lunch (in order to avoid the sports fans and bar crowd) I was impressed with the variety on their menu and ordered a juicy big burger with a side of fries it was absolutely fantastic, my son had the chili cheese burger it looked mouthwatering and according to my son it was one of the best burgers he's had since we have been in Phoenix.  Service was very friendly and it was a very kick back relaxed atmosphere.
4 Do NOT confuse this with the CJ on Thunderbird. Same name different owners.   I went here on a suggestion from the guys at Batteries Plus on Cave Creek and Bell Rd. He said they have a great burger/frys/drink combo.   Shoo Nuff! The darn parking lot lingered of fresh hickory smoke and I knew it wasn't from the mexican food place. Good Start.  I walked in and headed right for the bar. I judge a food establishment by the bar.... just kidding.   The bar was large, clean and in front of several tv's. I waited for about 2-3 min for the bartender to see me because she was talking to patrons. (this does not bother me, instead makes me enjoy the place more.)  I asked about the grub/brew special and she said. " it is either a burger, frys and drink (draft or pop) OR ~~WTF there is an or??~~ a pulled pork with frys and a drink (draft or pop)   Well after smelling the smoke from the car I knew I had to get the pork. Plus I had a fresh from the dry cleaners WHITE shirt on.   I get my Mt Dew... yeah! and two seconds later a nice large size pulled pork on sesame seed bun, with a ton for frys and a pickle spear.   The pork was PERFECT. Great flavor, cooked slow, nice meat with no fat. The sauce was better then average but lacked a little. Maybe a spicey bbq was what I needed. The frys were bar frys, cooked perfectly and plenty to eat. The pickle was well a pickle.   The Mt Dew rocked!  The bill came to under $6 and I was happy. I didn't even spill on the shirt. (I do smell like a camp fire but I like that)  The place is large but with a small feel. The servers are attentive but not intrusive, the food is great from the one sandwhich I ate. I did signup for a "discount card" they offer. It is a point system and you get discounts off of the food and a special something on birthdays.
4 Everytime I go to this places I am surprised.  I just expect it to be bad but the food is actually really good. I have had a salad, a sandwich, and a melt. All were good good. : ) The service is always friendly to boot.
5 I have been going to this restaurant/bar ever since I could walk and I am now feeling so grateful to write the best review I can of this wonderful place!! They make the BEST wings in the Valley! Since wings are a HUGE part of my life, I don't mess around when I say the BEST wings!! Their spinach con queso is another great appetizer, served with fresh tortilla chips, this is enough food to feed 2 good size people (you know who you are)!  To sum it all up: -Cheap Booze -Great Food -Huge TV's (about 20)  -GB Packers Bar -Every Sports Channel you can think of!!!  The epitome of a GREAT sports bar!
5 CASEY JONES PUB AND GRILL-- WHERE THE BIG GIRLS-- ALL GET DOWN WITH THE JELLO! HELLO! What an influx of con queso that was! Recomends the three: Burger with Lentil, Pork Chop Egg Tofu, Seasoned Mahi. Definately An experience you could talk about your whole life so remember to visit.
4 I have visited the Casey Jones pub 3 times over the past year or so whenever I visit my mother who lives in Phoenix. Everytime I go I have had a great time! Take for instance this past weekend, they had UFC 116 on for free. Not many places in California even show the fights and they definitely are not free! Also after 10 p.m they have $1.50 small pitchers of domestics. SOOO that speaks for itself!! The food is typical barfood but it is very good so you can't go wrong there.  I will continue to go here whenever I come to phoenix!!
4 I've decided that this is going to be my new Sunday football hangout.    Nothing fancy, kind of a dimly lit place but they show all the football games, have a solid, good-quality menu, the burgers are decent, the prices are low, the service is top-notch and I can sit back, enjoy whatever game I'm watching and not be bothered.     I've been to their location on Thunderbird as well and this one by FAR is a lot better.     Not sure why it is, but the service seems better and the food sure as heck tastes better.   They make some pretty good BBQ here as well.     Not a gourmet dining experience but they live up to the expectations of a sports bar and then some.
5 The great thing about Casey Jones is that you don't have to be a barfly or sports fanatic to have a great time.    While Casey Jones does offer the sports bar experience, it offers more than that too.   In fact, the majority people come for the great food and fun atmosphere.  Lots of appetizers are on the menu.  My favorite is the loaded potato skins.  My husband is a big chicken wing fan; he eats them until they're coming out his ears.  There are lots of burgers and hot sandwiches too.  I always order the Jalapeno Cheesesteak, thinly sliced beef, cooked with mushrooms, onions, peppers and jalapenos, and served with melted pepper jack cheese.  I'm not much of a drinker, but I know they have a full bar serving both the usual stuff and also specialty drinks.  They also have a huge variety of beer.  Prices are a great value and always several food, drink, or happy hour specials.   Casey Jones offers live music on special nights of the week.  This place is fun, not too rowdy, but a great place to hang out with friends and have a tasty meal.  (Because I want to be totally open, I need to say that I'm an acquaintance of one of the owners here, not close friends, but wanted to mention it in the spirit of transparency.)
2 You can't getting a passing grade from me if the table you get seated at is dirty.  Dirty table -50.  Ordered a Queso appetizer - the chips were kind of stale. Ordered a french dip & got a philly instead.  One of the ladies at our table ordered a chicken salad with raspberry dressing.  The salad presentation was POOR.  The salad came on a plate? It was missing walnuts (which she later brought out).  The salad was DRENCHED  dressing.  The chicken in the salad was apparently good.  The two racks of ribs we ordered were good.  Don't get me wrong, I have been to this place before and the staff is friendly, their prices are good and the food quality is usually good. Plus  they have a really good happy hour. I made it a point with the FIVE other people I brought with me to go here because I really liked it in the past.  They had some gentleman playing guitar in the background, he was kind of difficult to listen to as well.  This visit was a disappointing miss for me, but I will give them another shot.  A generous two stars for this visit considering the filthy table.
4 One of our regular and go to spots when we want a relaxed, good food, good beer experience.  They have finally started expanding their beer list from the regular domestic beers.  They have some local beer as well as Odells!!!  YUM.  Plenty of TVs to go around and a cute little train motif for the kids.
4 Love this place.  We go all the time.  Wings are the best cocktails are good and well priced.  Don't confuse with the terrible place with a similar name on Thurnderbird and 43 avenue.
4 First off, like what Daren below me wrote, there are 2 Casey Jones's. One offers up free UFC, and this one offers up an incredible local beer selection , and some decent food to go along with it.   It's a sports bar, and it does it well. And they carry everything, including stuffed pizza sticks, nachos, and my personal favorite, fried cheese curds.  Yes, fried cheese curds. Balls of wonder.   Go for the beer, the tv's, and trivia on Thursdays.   Parking is horrific.
4 Fun environment, friendly staff and decent food! Short, sweet and to the point!!
2 I'll start by saying the service was great. Drink prices were good. But for three people to go and spend $75 is not your $ that you give it.3 drinks for $10= good. The rest of my tab was for 36 wings, burger, rings and sweet potato fries. Now compared to other bars like Tailgaters the same order of food plus a bucket of beers and 4 Malibu n Cokes = $45 with food being just as good. So if you want bar food this is not the place to go. By the amount of empty seats the problem is your food pricing. Your a bar not a fine diner!
2 My wife, son and I have been going to Casey Jones now for quite some time, however this most recent time we went the quality of everything kinda seemed to jump off a steep cliff.   We went in with some friends the other night and ordered some of their newest burger the "Juicy Lucy", after ordering them medium, we were rewarded with two burgers that not only seemed to be bleeding but the cheese the oozed out of them reminded me of a horror flick where the guy gets stabbed and his guts just pour out.   After taking the burgers back to the kitchen and being assured the would be taken care of, the burgers deffinately came back cooked... almost with a propane torch, talk about hockey pucks! and to top it off we didn't even get cheese in the new burgers making them not so.. Juicy ya know.   Where as before I would have preached this place to others, I can honestly say we won't be making a return trip until they get a better cook in the kitchen, didn't think it was possible to botch a burger, let alone four! this place has astounded me in the wrong direction =/
3 This place isn't perfect, but it satisfied our needs. To celebrate my husband's birthday with friends, we wanted to end the night at out friend's hookah lounge. So I scoured Yelp for a nearby place for food & drinks to start the night off. We came on a Saturday evening, around 5, to take advantage of happy hour. We had quite a group and our waitress was very accommodating. Our bill was split so many different ways and it was a pleasant surprise that they didn't tack on a mandatory gratuity. Service was quite slow, though.  I was pleased with the food and drinks. And the happy hour prices were great. I even think we were charged HH prices for a few drinks past 7pm. The wings were good and the burgers were tasty, but what really impressed me was the sweet potato fries. They were incredibly awesome and I would return just for them!   They had live music, but it wasn't that great. The first act, a solo woman, did not entertain at all. She had quite a few spectators, friends I'm guessing, but had a very monotonous voice and all the songs sounded the same. I didn't mind that she was there, but if the music wasn't played so loud, it would have been better. The second act, a small group, was much better, much livelier.  Casey Jones has a couple pool tables, video games, darts, and an air hockey table. After eating, we migrated to that area and got to horse around a bit. For a Saturday night, it wasn't too busy. There isn't much parking in the front, but I think there is more around back. All-in-all, a good time and my husband was happy to celebrate with all his friends.
4 My creepy best friend is a huuuuuuuuuuge Green Bay Packers fan. He's a Mexican that grew up in LA. Go figure.   My birthday just passed and we decided to gather a bunch of people and party like it was 1999. We took a few tables, I drank like a sailor, and had their mouth watering wings. The burger I had here was very very...tasty. Yes, yes...tasty.   The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because there was a lady singing who should not quit her day job. Bless her soul, she had the heart of a champion, but a bar like this is probably not the best place to be discovered. Other than that, this place is pretty mighty morphin power awesome.   I still think Green Bay isn't that great, but that is coming from a Raiders fan. :(
3 We have been here a few times and never had a bad, nor spectacular experience. I sure do enjoy the old school track train ricketing around the ceiling. Beyond that it's pretty nondescript. TVs (new, flat), diverse crowd, some bar games...  We have posted up at the bar each time. Friendly service. The menu is pretty big and diverse. The food is good enough to fill you up and prepared well. Wine was cold in a smaller glass than I prefer. Beer was cold and specials were going for happy hour, though seemed on par with general drink prices for HH in the area. Our tabs have all seemed in the 40 dollar range for a 3 hour stay or so.  The problem is, when I look back I really just can't think of any experience or situation that stands out. I looked at my check-in here and it honestly took me a few minutes to remember what this place even was. :/.  If you are looking for a neighborhood strip bar of good size and varied menu and drinks this is a fine place to go. It just really didn't have any real effect on me.  This boring/neutral review pretty much sums it up. Um...Cheers?
5 I love their cheesesteaks. And I love the beer on tap- it is the coldest beer I have ever had and I look forward to it. YUM! Wish they still had Sam Adams on tap though. ;-(
1 As a diehard Packer fan living in Phoenix, I have been going to Casey Jones' for 4 seasons almost every Sunday.  Each year has progressively gotten worse than the last.  Service is appalling, food quality is dirt poor (except for the wings), everything is filthy, and the hospitality, overall, is terrible.  A week ago I went in; it started the season off on a bad note... I even called the manager over to explain that I am a loyal customer and hadn't seen it this bad EVER.  He didn't have much to say as I gave him some gentle feedback on my experiences, he didn't even apologize or thank me for my loyal business.  I pledged to myself I will never drop another nickel in that place again after that.  Not even for a DIE HARD Packer fan...
4 The cheese curds are glorious!!! Reminds me of Midwest food and the service is good. Great place to watch football games and have a good time
3 Dive bar and no other way around it.  Cheap beer, cheap wings...leave full and a bit of grimy dirt on you that you must wash off before you go to bed. The neighborhood makes sense how this places stays in business, it fits the niche of a hangout for "salt of the earth" persons.   Not my element but well worth trying ones vestige of 'hey I just want a drink and not pay 5 dollars for it."   How I came across this pub was not a mistake, but more a deliberate attempt to produce a dilettante achievement to find some local bars in the north valley. We achieved and now have found possible watering holes which will come in handy if I ever make my way to Desert ridge.  R\_  NOte: You ears will melt crack and die when you hear the karaoke. Eeek But whats new with karaoke...
4 Ok ok so this place looks like a dump, yes. HOWEVER I have been here a few times for the burgers and wings and they are delish! Burgers are made to order, exactly how you ask for them. Normally I order a burger medium and it comes well well well done. Here you order it medium, there it is nicely light pink and juicy. And the wings....ah the wings. If you are a hot wing fan like I am, you will appreciate them. They are big, juicy, and crispy. I like them medium flavor and they are just spicy enough. Service is decent, decor is dated, but the food is worth the trip.
4 I was there for a busy Monday night game and was extremely impressed with the service.  I give kudos to the owner who actually plans for big crowds.  The interior of this place is fun.  If you have kids they'll enjoy the model train that travels around the place.  (I secretly wished it would poor beer when it neared my table, but......).  If you're a Packer fan than go no further as this seems like it's Packer headquarters.  We had the wings and mushroom burger.  The food was good, but a little cold.    Overall though it was a fun night with good service!
4 The grub is better than most other bar food I have encountered and Casey Jones is a regular place to visit for me.   The honey hot wings (order extra crispy) are OUTSTANDING! I will order them that way from now on. I mixed it up on a dozen. Half were honey hot, the other half medium. Honey Hot wins out. The burgers and salads are great (ranch dressing). Very expansive menu that offers a variety for the most discriminating pallet. (ha ha)  $2.25 bud light draft. $3.00 craft beers on Thursday I think. Anyway, it is a great place to chill and watch a football game, meet clients for lunch or just swing by for a beer and some wings.
5 My father has been going there for years and I have met him there. I recently started going there on my own and found it to be an excellent place to hang out or eat. They are a sports club that actually shows hockey games, WOW what a concept. I've also enjoyed singing karaoke there and now they have free comedy shows to. The food is also great and priced fairly. I found a new place to hang !!!!!!!!!
3 Good Food Good Service, too bad its a Packers bar! LOL
5 Great place for food! I really like their Philly cheesesteaks & honey hot wings.
5 Awesome place to eat & drink
4 If you're a Packers fan then this is the bar for you on football Sundays! If you are not a Packers fan it's still a great bar any day. When I found this bar/restaurant for my cheesehead girlfriend a couple years ago, we were both surprised to discover what a fun atmosphere and delicious food it provided.   Pretty much every dish I've tried has been great. The prices are good and they offer many drink and food specials throughout the week. My top recommendation is the cheesesteak (and I'm from the Philly area). It is the best I've had in the Phoenix metro area and I've tried a number of places. Also surprising was the Mexican food here is good too and one of the nights they offer them at half off.  It's in a shitty part of town, but I'd say it is worth a visit if you are within a few miles.
5 My family's favorite place.  Great, not just good, food and a wide selection of beer.  The service is FANTASTIC and occasionally a local band shows up for entertainment.  We eat hear about 2 to 3 time a month and we will keep coming back.  Be sure to try the Pizza roll and their queso dip if you want more than excellent fried zuk for an appitizer
5 Friday Night Fish Fry and the Clam Chowder are Fantastic!  Good Service, neat place.
3 Great for Packer's games! However, I don't think I would go there for anything else. They actually have a pretty nice selection of tap beers and from what I saw, the food looked pretty standard. We had the nachos, which really didn't distinguish themselves from any other nacho platter I have had at a bar. The service was decent, given the fact that they were running a pretty full house during the Packer game.
5 Great rotating beer selection. Great staff. Colorful characters nightly lol.
4 This place is fantastic. I had a Philly Cheese steak that was greasy and delicious. They have a pretty varied menu so you're sure to find at least a few things you like.  It's a bar so don't expect it to be quiet, especially on game days but there are lots of families who come here to eat.
1 If I could give this zero stars, I would.  This was the worst experience I have ever had from a server.  To begin with, the busboy brought our silverware and menus out right away (A+).  Then it went downhill from here...When our server, Aubrey, finally did show up, she asked us for our drink order and we told her were actually ready to order.  This did not matter to Aubrey...she took our drink order and said she'd be back for our food order when she could write it down.  Okay....she brought back our sodas and we order our burgers.  Mine was ordered medium and my wife ordered hers well done.  Some time later when the food arrived, we asked for some sliced pickles....they never showed up until we asked the busboy to bring them to us. I guess Aubrey was too busy helping everyone else to get our measly pickles.  Now, I think well done has a universal meaning of cooked all the way through.  Aubrey may have had the chance to fix this if she ever stopped back by to check on us, but she did not.    During this time, we observed Aubrey checking on other patrons but we somehow escaped her attention.  I was tempted to ask her what we did to upset her but she never came back to our table.  We finally flagged her down to get our check, it took way too long to prepare.  To give you an idea of how bad the service was, the bill was $24.82, I left $25.  I asked to speak to the manager and David came out and introduced himself as the owner and I explained to him what had happened.  He introduced his wife to me and asked her to get me a gift card for the amount of my check.  He was extremely apologetic about the service we received.  A few minutes later I was out the door with my gift card (which I did not want in the first place).  My wife was waiting outside (that's how upset she was) and when I told her what had happened, she took the gift card and was going to return it to him and let him know that's not what we wanted.  As we were walking back in, we spotted a homeless gentleman and offered the gift card to him as we had no intention of EVER returning.  My wife went in to explain to the owners what she had done with the gift card and the homeless gentleman followed us in and was going to order some food.  We left and as we were pulling out the parking lot, the homeless man informed us that David had taken the gift card away from him and told him it was not valid and that if he didn't leave he was going to call the police.  Wow....really?  Unbelievable...we will never return and I sincerely hope anyone reading this will think twice before patronizing an establishment that treats people this way.
3 Fun place to go and see some Packers take em down!
5 I visit here regularly and get the cheesesteak. By far my number 1 favorite cheese steak in all the surrounding cities of Phoenix. all the food is great here, i try and bring friends when i can. love the atmosphere and toy trains moving about above everyone's head. lots of tv's and the staff has always been super awesome. everyone should try this place out if they are in the area, it's hard to be dissapointed. It's a true Gem.  The only complaint I have is that it's a Green Bay packers bar. We need more arizona cardinals bars!!! This is after all Arizona!
5 Pretty much the perfect Sunday football experience. If your a Packers fan, this is the place to be, but if a fan of any other team, you might want to stay away because your game may not be on and if it is, it will be on a very small and older TV. I went with a Packers fan and luckily I could see my Giants getting mauled on another TV. The bloody Mary's were excellent at $3.50 a pop (ask for a pickle), but no other drink specials. The philly cheese steak was the best I had in ages and is in my Top 5 list. White American, ribeye, onions, sweet and bell peppers and the cheese curds were authentic as possible. Friend from Wisconsin said the curds were the best she has had since home. Marcie was a great waitress, just too bad the packed bar had to leave sad after a wild loss.
3 Total Packer Bar!  This place has become the default Phoenix bar for cheering on the Packers.  Every TV (and there are many) is tuned to the Pack on Sundays!
4 OMG, awesome wings! Casey Jones on Bell is always a great place to meet a bunch of friends. Service is always on point and the staff is super friendly. The food is never disappointing and always hot and fresh. It was disappointing to see the one on 43rd Avenue and Thunderbird close but I know that was a different owner.
5 Got the casey's cheesesteak with added mushrooms, onions, and green peppers (for free). It was delicious. Also Comes with a side of your choice (their fries are pretty good). Also got the tasty pazookie for dessert and shared it with a friend (it's big enough for three people). Overall, great customer service and yummy, affordable food (13 bucks total). Will def come back!
5 Awesome place, great food, great staff and a really fun atmosphere. Good for relaxing and having some drinks with friends or partying until 2.. highly recommend this place for a night out
5 Casey Jones is where I go to eat. Their sandwiches are great. Sean is the best. Marcie is a great waitress.
2 Came in today on a whim during my lunch break with a coworker. Place was your average bar an grill with basic food you would expect. They had pretty good lunch and drink specials. I ordered the green pork burrito from the lunch special menu and we got some wings since they were also on special. Wings were average and sauce was clearly store bought but they were juicy and cooked well. The burrito again was good but nothing special. What really held this place back was the service. Our waitress was stone faced and unfriendly. She overcharged us for the burrito and then acted like we were inconveniencing her and didnt even apologize. Im ok with mistakes as things happen but to act that way was ridiculous. I would probably not bother coming here again.
5 Received great service both times I've gone.  They have a killer happy hour, a billion TVs, and a cute little train cruising around the ceiling. Half order of nachos is huge (be forewarned), zucchini fries are crispy and delicious, and my bestie swears by their hot wings.
