5 Since I refuse to feed my beloved doggies the crap that comes out of pet stores, grocery stores, and vet offices I buy my food here.   Pet Food Depot has a great selection of dog food and the staff is amazingly helpful and knowledgeable about the various foods. During the Great Pet Food Recall of 2007 there were emails and notes around various foods stating if they were affected or not. The prices are very reasonable. It's not some high end posh puppy palace but a livestock store.
4 Like Megan, I don't want to feed my dog the usual cheap crap you can get from the grocery store, so I shop here instead.  They carry high-quality food, treats and toys.  Great for anyone who loves to spoil their furry "kids".  This place always cheers me up too.  I know animals in cages can make some folks sad but I can't resist oogling over their piles of baby hamsters and fuzzy, yellow ducklings.  Even the reptiles are cool.  It's like a one-stop shop for kibble, toys and cuteness!
5 I would give this 4.5 stars and not 5 stars because sometimes the head cashier chick gives me the stink eye when I go in.  They have a great selection of dog and cat food. Not just the standard stuff that Petco and Petsmart have, but real organic and high quality stuff. Of course, that means some of their food is more expensive than you will find at Petsmart. However, they have some stuff that are less expensive for your pup or kitty, such as collars, toys, catnip, treats... Its kinda dark in there, and smells like a barn but worth going in and checking out. Plus, its right next to grovers park :)
5 If I wanted to feed my dogs the stuff they sell at Petsmart or Petco then I might as well get them a cheeseburger from McDonalds.  I look at the first few items in the ingredients on the list on the bag - mostly fillers & byproducts.  Gross!  What the hell is poulrty by-product & preseved animal fat? If I won't eat it, then I ain't feeding it to my dogs.  I'll stick with wellness.  Its human grade, the dogs don't have to eat as much which means less poop in the yard.  It is also cheaper at Pet Food Depot than any place else.      BONUS:  They have a shot clinic every Saturday which is great.
5 Stopped in tonight, a Sunday, right at closing to get some crickets for our new family gecko. Surprisingly, they invited us in for a $1 sale after closing time. It's service like that that will bring us back and keep us from the big chains!
5 I go there since it's right across the street from the dog park and they sell Canidae dog food. Prices are reasonable and the people are friendly. They have a great selection of products, too.
5 Went here today in search of new dog food for my Teddy ... This store is BIG. Lots of different kinds of food, cheaper than most stores I've been to, the staff is super friendly and helpful. It is clean and nice and has toys, collars and meds. They carry other supplies/food for small animals and cats too! I love this store and definitely will be back!!!
5 WOW!!! practically half price on everything compared to the chain stores.  Staff is always very friendly and helpful, and i've literally saved hundreds of dollars since I discovered this store just under a year ago!
5 Love this place!! Better dog food and treats for your pets!  They have chickens too! and a cool big turtle who walks around the store!  The staff is very friendly and helpfull. Now I know where the dog park is across the st too! I love going to both.
5 Love love love this place! They have the cheapest prices in town for premium dog food. They have great hours, open 7 days a week. The staff is very friendly and always helps me carry my food to the car. They also have a scale in the back and let me weight my great dane pup whenever I come in. Not just the food is cheap though. All of your other pet products are do much cheaper than petsmart or petco. I found a prong collar for $8.99 that was $20 at petsmart. It was the same thing! I feel very lucky to live right down the street from here.
4 Pet Food Depot is great!  They only carry high quality feed in this joint.  The staff is knowledgeable and willing to make recommendations.  More often that not, these guys even load the ginormous bags of food in to my car for me! The food and treat selection is amazing and the prices can't be beat.  If you are looking for Kibbles 'n Bits, you won't find it here, but if you want the best for your pet, come check out everything Pet Food Depot has to offer.
1 This place is good depending on what you're looking for. I'm going to write this from a reptile enthusiasts' view. Simply put, this place is the worst. Animals all housed improperly, I've seen some snakes that were rescued from here, it smells, and it has been this way since the 90's. If you're looking for reptiles, avoid this place!
4 Very friendly & helpful staff, they carry specialty dog food at great prices. Love coming here for my fur kids! They also offer low cost vaccine clinics on saturdays
5 awesome store and exactly what I was looking for. There needs to be more places like this rather than Petco/Petsmart. This place has so much to offer including vaccines for puppies. Intelligent staff and definitely where I will be buying all of my pet products from here on out.
2 I was disappointing to find Iams, Eukanuba, and Science Diet in the store.  These are not good foods and certainly not considered healthy options.  If you dont believe me check it out here:    http://www.dogfoodadvisor.com/dog-food-reviews/iams-proactive-health-adult/  http://www.dogfoodadvisor.com/dog-food-reviews/hills-science-diet-natures-best/  Clearly, its another example of a retailer that doesnt "walk the walk," when it comes to offering foods for pets.  People were nice, store was nice,but in the end, how can I trust what your telling me if you are willing to sell me a bag of Iams?  They are just a smaller version of Pet Club or Petco.  Ill stick with Pet Planet.  At least they walk the walk.
1 Went to get my dog's food at the Pet Food Depot (Cave Creek/Grovers) and I saw a bunny in a cage on the floor, scared. He/she had food and a carrot but no water. I told an employee and after a bunch of "that's not my rabbit" comments, finally someone gave the bunny water. The sweet young man who checked me out told the manager that a customer wanted to buy 2 parakeets. The manager said to put them in a paper bag because they're out of boxes...really, a paper bag? The young man said the customer specifically wanted the birds in a box and the manager said "we don't have any boxes, should I grab one from the sky" and walked off. What a huge turn-off! I found out that the manager is the owner's son.  I have been coming here for 8 years and this was my last trip here. There is a store a little further away (Western Ranchman at 32nd St/Paradise) that sells the same specialty dog food I buy, so they will be getting my business from now on. I have always been treated well here but after the flippant comments from the staff in front of a loyal customer, they obviously do not care about me or the animals they sell.
1 Horrible horrible experience.  Is selling puppy shots that are not refrigerated.  Also did not tell us that the shots needed to be refrigerated, although what good would that have done since they weren't in first place.  Went to return them, they refused.  The guy named Bob says he was the owner, refused to give his last name.  I asked for more information he refused, and as he wheeled by he cursed me but I heard it.  I left the defective shots there, so now he has my money and the shots.  AVOID at ALL COSTS.   I have since learned parvo distemper shots not kept at right temperature can kill puppies.  I brought this up with the "owner" Bob and he said he didn't care
5 This place is great.  The store looks better and better everytime I go.  We've been shopping here since 2007 and have always had friendly, helpful staff.  They stock great toys and offer good community minded services (vax, etc) There's something for everyone.  Even the customers are nice!
3 There are good points and bad points . Good side, is a great selection of dog food brands and reasonable prices.  The treats are expensive though.  The downside is the cleanliness and store organization and the aisles seem cramped. Also, concerned about quality because when I went in in August, only felt like a swamp cooler, and that just doesn't seem like good storage for a lot of the dry dog food so I didn't buy dry. As far as service, it's a hit or miss.  There will be a few helpful, friendly people, and others, just don't compare.  Overall, I will still keep going to the store based on variety and affordability.
4 I ride horses and so this is a little biased of a review. The hay here is always very 'sticky' and the beet pulp/rice bran sucks and is way more expensive than C&H right down the road. BUT they carry some different horse products than C&H inside the store so every once in a while I love to browse the aisles for something new which is nice.  I recently discovered that they have a low cost clinic fro dogs/cats from 2-5pm on Saturdays, just come early and stand in line till its your turn. bring cash though. That is probably one of the best features for me of this store.  Sometimes the cashiers aren't exactly 'nice/helpful' but again that's mostly for horse related feed/products when I asked for help with dog nail clippers and dog food they are very knowledgeable. It might be nice if they hired or trained some personnel on horses.
5 This place it's great. Really reminds me of a country feed store. They carry everything you need for any size pet, the staff is very helpful & they have the best prices around. I was paying 10¢ pet cricket at petsmart & they sell there's in bulk 500 for $20. Which is a lifesaver when your son has 2 growing beardies. And I love how there's always baby chicks & ducklings chirping away. They're so cute! P.S. anyone looking for fly/flea spray for pets or livestock- AVON SKIN-SO-SOFT spray oil is the best cheapest non-toxic bug/mosquito repellant out there. There's an Avon site on the NW Corner of 7th St & Bell if you're looking.
5 always amazed at how many people go to petsmart/petco when this place is around. clearly they have not been introduced to here yet. WAY BETTER prices and quality everything
