1 Is there a more snobby place to shop in the valley...  The selection is incredibly limited, everything's priced at least twice as much as it should be, and the staff is so incredibly unhelpful, if they were any less so the front door would be padlocked shut....
2 I remember when I thought Abercrombie was totally BA. I spent weeks trying to convince either one of my parents to take me there so I could buy a hat with a hula dancer on it and maybe even a sweater with a line through it.   Eventually, one of them caved, probably because of my birthday, and spent way too much money on way too few clothes.   At some point I figured out that Abercrombie was actually completely lame. I don't know if its my tastes that have changed, or their clothes, but in either case I have no plans of dropping in to A and F anytime soon.
5 Sometimes they have additional 30, 40 or 50% off clearance items depending on the season.  I found a pair of lightwash destroyed "erin" skinny jeans for under 10 bucks in the clearance section way in the back. Score!  XS sell out really fast. If you're a size M or L, some good deals in the clearance section if you look
5 I must admit, I still love this place. It's like a nightclub that sells clothes. Loud dance music, too much cologne in the air, and employees who are both courteous and stuck-up. I totally dig it!   I was hesitant on this endeavor though. I have worn through my old A&F jeans that I bought near 2002. I loved the quality and the fit of my ol' jeans and was hoping to find some more just like them. Scratch that, they only had new styles of jeans. As I was browsing I couldn't help but notice that A&F had fallen into the nasty trend of selling mostly "skinny jeans." And seeing as how I am neither skinny, nor a fan of the style I was worried I wouldn't find anything that I really liked. Then I found their Kilburn Boot cut jeans. These fit great - low rise, boot cut, and relaxed fit! Yay! Plus the ones I wanted were on sale for 50% off. Absolutely wonderful.   Stay classy Abercrombie & Fitch!
1 I can't even review the actual store or the service of the associates who work there. Who can make it through the wall of whatever that obnoxious fragrance is that rapes your olfactory membrane starting at a 6 store radius?  Their clothes may be fashionable, but it might be better to shop online to avoid any headaches that stem from that gnarly smell.
