3 Seeing as I have my eleventyhundreth cold since January 2008, which morphed into sinusitis and bronchitis...I had a wicked bad sore throat. The 100+ degree heat doesn't help either when you're running a temperature, and for some sick reason I also picked this day to clean my house.   I wanted ice cream. BAD.  Thank jeebus there is a Dairy Queen nearby. I've done Sonic and I just can't anymore. It's not worth the hassle. Gelato is close by, but I was lazy. I'd do the grocery store but the Blizzard called my name.  This particular location doesn't win points on size or cleanliness. In fact, I've never actually stayed there to eat anything because it's just not as clean as it should be, ya know what I mean? However, they have blizzards, plenty of mix-ins, and the inside service is quick. Plus, they don't look at me like a freak when I stumble on in wearing pajamas, my coke bottle glasses, a messy ponytail and order in harsh whisper.   For whatever reason, do not go through the drive through. The time spent parking, walking inside, and ordering is so much less than sitting in your car. The drive through is for some odd reason, ridiculously slow.
1 Yesterday evening I went thru the Drive Up window and experienced the most rude behavior from a female employee...I will not frequent that place ever again
5 I was CRAVING a triple Thick Chocolate Shake yesterday evening. My search began at McD's where a McCafe Shake left me wanting. What is up with this watered, or shall I say milked down version with whipped cream and a cherry... Next stop- DQ where Chanel took care of my Triple Thick Chocolate Obsession with some DQ Mastery I tell ya! Straight Up Ice-Cream, no milk and PLEASE hold the effin whipped cream and cherry, wtf? Thank-You Chanel! Uh, I hope you are there now cuz I just activated the Obsession Again!!! DQ, ready or not, here I come!
2 Not a good value.  For about the same money as my medium sized mint oreo blizzard, I can get a scoop of real mint ice cream at Sweet Republic with cookies mixed in.  And it will be top quality, too.  Unlike the blizzard I got that was mostly melted yet still wasn't mixed well, so it had this nasty green mint slime swirled in it.  What really ticked me off was the lack of oreos.  I counted 5 (five!) little chunks of oreo.  The store was clean and the guys behind the counter seemed nice, but I'm still sorry about the purchase.
4 It's SO FUNNY!!  Yelp is asking for additional tips on Dairy Queen: Beer & Wine Only OR Full Bar!! LMAO!! Ice cream and fried foods is about all they have, oh and soda! Good grubbin food and ice cream! My fav is the tropical blizard!! I don't like their fried foods very much though...Just the ice cream!
5 Had a delicious cheesequake oreo blizzard! My friend got a reese bizzard. What so special about this time, we got one and got another one for only $0.99 .. I believe that it is limited time offer!   Enjoy
1 If I could give this place a negative rating, I would.  This place doesn't deserve stars. It deserves a big middle finger. The employees in this place ignore the customers. Kids today are not too bright. I don't think they realize where their paychecks come from. But what do they care working for minimum wage? When I was younger I worked fast food and I learned good customer service at that job because no matter how little money I made I took pride in what I did. I hate to sound like an old fuddy duddy but kids these days have no manners or any idea what courtesy is all about. And that's why good customer service is becoming so scarce. Parents don't teach their kids these values anymore and it comes out in the service industry from kids who walk around with this sense of entitlement.   Anyway, go to this DQ if you want to watch a bunch of sour puss teen agers ignore you; if you actually want dessert try Cold Stone or Baskin Robbins.
1 Horrible lately. How do u wait in line for over 12 minutes and not even get an apology or smile!  I keep shooting my own foot off by going here but i just cannot help it i am addicted to blizzards!! That said, i hate this place....Why is it called fast food when everytime there is a 10 min wait and the staff are very blah and mean!!  I would love it if they shut this location down so i didnt have to get mad at myself for continuing to fall into the trap.
1 This Dairy Queen shows me that it can be worth it to check out yelp reviews for large chain restaurants.  I don't like going to Dairy Queen because it's so banal but banal would be an improvement for this Dairy Queen.  It was dirtier than my men's dorm room back in college (thankfully since I cleaned up my act) and I ended up paying for an expensive orange juice masquerading as an Orange Julius.
1 I really wish the mic didn't have a mute button because the guy taking our order was cussing at customers in the drive through... If you don't like your job, find another one. Awful customer service and crappy ice cream. Oh and a tip for the employees based on my experience and all the bad reviews I've read (obviously isn't a problem just tonight) try smiling once and a while or treat people with respect.
