3 Well this is the definitely the "hood" Walmart in this area. I have visited this locale plenty of times....it's dirty......unorganized....and has an awful smell. However this particular Walmart has a vast inventory of merchandise that other Walmart's in the valley don't. I have always been able to find whatever I needed at this location....when I couldn't find it anywhere else....and that includes the one within walking distance of my apartment. This locale is always busy just like most Walmart stores in this area.....they just need to clean it up....and organize it....and it could be an even better  Walmart. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
3 Not bad if you run in a get out in a hurry. Just has a weird vibe. It is in a nice area, but has a ghetto feel to it. I also prefer the superstores to the general stores. I don't usually shop here unless it is to fix a pair of glasses or grab a couple of items if I am in the immediate location.
3 I hate this WalMart, but it's close. Tonight I had a list of three things: Dog Food; bike chain; and black flat spray paint.   Getting the dog food was easy. Then I went to the paint department. Nobody was there, I walked all-over the store, finally I found someone and asked them to find someone to help me. I walked back to the paint department and a few minutes later I hear 'can an associate please assist a customer in paint' and I continue waiting, and waiting, and waiting. So finally, I walk to the bike department to find the bike chain, ready to give up on the paint. Then a friendly guy asked if he could help me - probably not a good move on his part - because I curtly said, 'I have been waiting for someone to help me get a can of spray paint for a while!' He promptly said he would go get someone. In the meantime, they are out of bike chains and I walk back to paint...and wait...and wait...and about 4 minutes later I decide to go smell the calendars across the aisle...(Did I mention I left the cart with the dog food in front of the case and a sign that I had not permanently left area, should an associate actually answer the page) when I notice this women slowly (like a crawl) walk into the department. I decide I better head back, sure enough...the slow poke was there to help me..and just as she mustered up enough energy to open the case and get the paint the manager showed up. The manager looked at me and I said I was set. Well, she asked if there was anything else and I said no, I am good to go and I started heading to the registered. She followed me, apologized for the inconvenience and she offered to discount the paint for the inconvenience. I was totally shocked! I thought, well that is really nice...and sure enough...she gave me a wonderful discount and she was very pleasant. I hope she gets promoted...she knows about customer service!
2 My hatred for this walmart burns with the fire of a thousand suns.   The ONLY saving grace of this craphole is that they carry quite a bit more inventory than some of the other walmarts.  There are always employees everywhere but where you need them.  There's a multitude of them milling about the store, except in the paint section, the camping/ammo section, the cash registers...you get the drift.  And, while my expectations aren't terribly high as it's a Walmart, holy white/black/brown/olive trash Batman!  They should just go ahead and put in a meth section and make a few extra bucks.  It's dirty, it smells, the customer service is nonexistent, and you have to wade through the tweakers, but it's cheap and they have a lot of stuff.
1 This place is ghetto with a capital "G". I recommend avoiding it if you can. I have nothing against Walmart, but this place needs to be closed.
4 whenever I go to Wal-mart this is usually my first choice although it is 4 miles from my house, however that could soon change considering they are converting this store into a super-center. the service is alright here, never had any problems. I have been coming to this location with my family for many years, I was also in a fox special report they did here in 1999 (youtube it!) its great their is also a built-in Subway even though I still go to the one at the end of the lot by Dunkin' Donuts. since they have started remodeling it has been confusing to locate specific items in the store but I'm sure they will get it sorted out once they finish. other than that, no major complaints like some of the other stereotypical Wal-marts in Phx.
1 I absolutely despise this store! I enjoy Walmart and usually hit the one on Happy Valley because it does not seem to attract the average multitude of "Walmart Weirdos" I stopped in to this Walmart the other day and boy do I regret it!   My son who is 5 had to use the restroom and because of the remodel the front restrooms were closed, not a big deal we will follow the signs to the next one. Well we could not find them because of inadequate signs and we asked an employee who told us where they were. She failed to mention that they too were closed and we would have to walk again to get to some working restrooms. By this point my son is literally dancing because the new, not opened restrooms were quite a walk from the front of the store. We finally get to the restrooms and my son tells me that he does not even want to go in there because it was so filthy. The restroom was absolutely unacceptable.   I decided to call the number on the wall to make a complaint but was unsuccessful because the number was out of service. It takes me 15 minutes to track down a manager. This idiot was the rudest person I have ever met. As I was speaking to him he started to walk away from and I just about lost it. I did not catch his name but everyone at this store is completely incompetent!!  AVOID this store if possible!! It really is not worth saving couple bucks if you have to deal with ignorant, rude people and disgusting store conditions!!
1 Hands down THE worst Wal-Mart I ever been in.  It simply feels dirty and getho...  I feel sorry for anyone actually buying so call fresh food there. The only good point about this poor excuse of a store.. is that it is so shitty, people would rather go to local store then this dump.....
1 Embarrassment - every single time. This is a nice area... A really nice area, but the trash seems to flock to this Walmart from miles around. Fact: I've sent in so many pictures to peopleofwalmart.com from this location! Where in the h*ll do they come from and why here?! Today, I practically watched a ghetto women beat her children and scream at them bc she wanted to check herself out in a pair of walmart's hottest sunglasses and they kids wouldn't stop asking her questions. It was so bad that my daughter told me she was scared. Customers were staring, the employees did nothing. So embarrassing. The remodel is most likely going to look great when finished ... But by reading precious posts, I think the damage has been done for this location, and a shiny new facade can't change it's reputation as the "scary Walmart". Head to Desert Ridge and go to Target Greatland or Home Depot. At least you'll feel safe.
1 You know all the stereotypes you have about Walmart?  This location reaffirms all of them.  I'm glad to see it's being renovated.  Until that's complete, I recommend staying as far away from this Walmart as possible.
5 Best Walmart ever! It's got all you need all in one store! And the best part is its a super center an it's open 24 hours! The remodeling is incredible! Also the bathrooms aren't like any of the Walmarts I've been to! Amazing!
3 Let me start off that I don't normally shop at Walmart, but this is the closest one to me.   This store was recently under remodel and it looks a lot nicer. However, even if you wrap something up pretty, its not going to fix the inside.   I've never actually had a friendly assistance expedience. Sure their prices are low, but the staff sucks. If I'm lucky enough to get someone's attention, I can get a one word answer with a short temper.   So other than getting a good price on my cleaning supplies, I don't come here for the service.
1 You can't put lipstick on a pig to make her pretty. Same goes for this Walmart. It might have been remodeled but the people they employ has not changed. What a bunch of slackers! My son and I stood at the bakery for a good 10 mins while the ladies working there were looking through a book. I said, "excuse me" several times but was ignored. We finally gave up.  Went to the electronics department looking for printer ink and was completely ignored. I was told by several associates they would be right back....never came back.  Made my way over to the clearance on Christmas paper etc.. It was busy (duh!), but there were associates pushing through people to stock merchandise on the shelves. I get they need to restock, but the shelves were full! Not to mention packed with people. Then they would sit there and huff and puff that they couldn't get their job done.   Finally get to the register (there were 3 open, the day after xmas). Was able to pay fairly quickly considering the cashier was also a manager that was getting called away every 5 seconds.  I HATE this Walmart and I would rather pay double somewhere else.
2 This Walmart is the closest to me, so this is the one I have shopped at for years. They recently remodeled it, so now it carries groceries as well as the normal retail section.   I have to say that this store has the worst customer service I have ever seen. The employees are not interested in helping customers. They seem to only be focused on stocking the shelves and going home to their lives.   While the prices are fantastic, it is always difficult to find what you are looking for, because they keep changing where everything is located.   Also when it finally comes time to check out, you should be prepared to wait for at least 10-15 minutes, even if you only have one item.  Overall, it could be a lot better. However the store is pretty clean and you still go home with what you were expecting.
3 We shop at this location since it is close to the casa. I do have to say Nice job on the store expansion and remodel. This is the second revamp so far since they opened here and they now carry a large selection of groceries and then some.  I remember back when you would see stories of Sam Walton driving around in his old pickup truck on TV and their mantra was still Made in the USA and the quality was decent. Then it went to pricing are falling to lower prices everyday to now it is save money and live better. Wow!  We normally get the basic consumables here to keep the kitchen, bathrooms, and rear end clean and maybe a few groceries items. Tend to stay away from the produce and the meat section since we prefer a different store for those goodies. This store seems to have trouble keeping the shelves stocked and the service has gone downhill a bit. You have to go out of your way to find help when needed.  Maybe they are just trying to reach a different demographic. If so I think it is working. We are finding ourselves shopping at the RED store that starts with a T more and more since they seem to offer a better selection when it comes to the nicer stuffs.  Watch for those loose carts in the parking lot otherwise you will be enjoying some paintless dent repair as I did. Giddy Up!
2 I generally like Walmart far more than I should and defend their sourcing ethics and quality far more than I'd like - that said, there are some real jerks working at this particular Wal-Mart, including the cart caretaker, the frozen foods produce wench, and the dude haphazardly chucking heads of lettuce into a bin to ensure their short shelf life.    Don't get me wrong folks, I know your job sucks, but at leas try not to make the customers shopping with you feel bad about their decisions.
2 Closest to home and LAST CHOICE when I need to shop WalMart -- I WILL go OUT OF MY WAY to avoid this store whenever I possibly can and you should too!    This store is on the center of a middle/upper-middle class area and it's run as if it's in a war zone.  The impression I get is almost complete apathy and disorganization -- that no one cares and/or no one gives a damn.  They got me with their "one stop shopping", but in the end it's not worth it and I'm starting to spend more and more time and money at Costco, Home Depot, Target, Macy's, Sprouts, and Fry's, etc, etc.  The worst part is that there are 6-8 associates and 1-2 managers that I encounter regularly and are really, really nice and really trying to do a good job.  My heart goes out to them.  And they're the ONLY reason this store gets 2 stars from me and not just 1!  And the only reason I'm filing such a scathing review is in hopes that someone in management will take notice and do something.  You can see from my other reviews that I'd rather rave about great experiences than complain, LoL!  Here we go!  1. I have 2 qualified service dogs and was accosted on one visit by one "greeter" who demanded to see their "papers" and told me that if they bit someone we (WalMart) won't be responsible.  These are 2 toy Yorkies who were sitting calmly in my cart as I entered.  When i told him politely but firmly that there is no such thing as "papers" for service dogs and that it was against federal law and store policy for him to ask, he called the undercover security guard who was also very rude.  I tried to call the number posted on the door for just such an occasion but it took me to a complete dead end on their phone system 2. Store is FILTHY most of the time -- except the one time that I could clearly see that there was a group of VIPs touring the store from corporate that day 3. I observed one jewelry counter associate being so incredibly rude to a customers it almost brought tears to my eyes and I had the complain (the customers themselves seemed a bit intimidated, they were not "native" English speakers) 4. BIG, BIG disparity in service level -- some associates are SO nice and some are soooo rude!  I know it's WalMart but if management is doing its job...  Oh, no!  I forgot, IT WAS MANAGEMENT -- 2x -- that was rude to the point of hostility! 5. Basic items out of stock for MONTHS! What's wrong with their forcasting system???  Just a few examples: Smart Balance margarine (3# size), Great Value Parmesan cheese (all sizes), Arrowhead water (1 gal), Huggies Naturals wipes, OUT Puppy Pads (size varies), and more. And this is not after a busy weekend, this is Tue afternoon, etc.  I found all these items at the next 2 closest WM stores, so they ARE available from their warehouse. 6.  Premium items (e.g., Evian water (6pk), Ghirardelli chocolate chips, etc with no shelf tags (not priced).  This is consistent with the few higher end items they do carry 7. So called Supercenter doesn't even stock a few bottles of Perrier or Pelligrino (or substitute); other WMs in Phoenix do 8.  GREEN meat in case still for sale -- it was marked down, but come on! 9.  Other reduced food that's obviously spoiled (e.g., wilted, browning veggies) 10. Items that are marked down in every other nearby store in the city that I've visited (about 6) have still not been marked down at this store 11. 1/2 off bakery items after 1 pm -- even though they've been re-ticketed with a new UPC, it's up to the cashier to remember to take 1/2 off at the register - do you think they forget sometimes?  And no option for customers to do it at the self-check (and no instructions to ask or remind the cashier) 12. More expensive packages of meat stocked in the slot labeled for the less expensive cuts and/or smaller packages 13. Site-to-Store online order pick up system -- a complete circus, don't bother!  I spent over an hour trying to pick up 2 items that were sold online as "READY for pick up TODAY" and was insulted by front end managers and patronized by the assistant store manager 14. Ladies room disgusting mid-day, mid-week (i.e., not an especially busy time) 15. Store is uncomfortably cold in the grocery area and uncomfortably hot at the other end - I've never experienced this at any other WalMart, Target, etc with a similar setup 16. Consistantly out of disinfectant wipes at the doors -- even at off peak days and times 17. Guest/partner vendors allowed to harass customers (COX subscription sales)  The list goes on. And on,  And on....  I've reported some of these things to management and was assured that it would be changed (e.g., no instructions about how to get the 1/2 off on bakery) and it never has been.    If you're in NE Phoenix, save yourself additional stops and an unpleasant experience and shop at the Tatum and Cactus store, which has improved A LOT -- or better still go to Northsight, which is always a good experience!  Don't say I didn't warn you! ;-)
1 I also would never step inside a Walmart but could not resist the $99 iPhone sale. I'll give them one star as most people seemed well intended. But I was amazed at how poor the service was. It took almost 45 minutes to purchase a phone because the manager helping us didn't have authority to log in to the main computer. The store was severely understaffed. Several workers had their shirts half tucked in. Their walkies on blast. Workers yelling down aisles. Zero sense of urgency to complete a sale. Our salesperson repeatedly shared that he hated the iPhone (that I was intending to purchase). I could never imagine this conversation at Best Buy.   I wasn't going to report this ridiculously awful experience because, again, the man helping me meant well. I place 100% of the blame on upper level management not trusting their staff, poor training, not investing in their staff's well being & not passing on authority to put customers first.   When I purchased my iPhone, I asked that the terms of my data plan not be altered. They assured me several times that it would not. When I got home, I learned that actually they had changed my plan and it took two days of speaking with AT&T to revert back (my plan is amazing and no longer offered). After the unnecessary headache of getting my plan reinstated, I thought it important to leave a review.   I'm very happy with my phone, certainly at this price, but if at all possible stay far away from this store. At least until Walmart starts training and supporting their staff properly.
3 We have a love / hate relationship with Walmart. You can't deny that they have some of the best prices on brand name items, but at the same time, they have some of the worst customer service around. So really it comes down to shopping there for items that we know where they are located, and we don't have questions about whether we want to buy something or not.   This particular Walmart is pretty much the same as most Walmart Superstores. Plenty of options, lots of stock of each option, clean and organized aisle ways, decent rollbacks and regular prices on most brand items and of course their own brand items, and overall you are almost always able to find something you did or didn't plan on buying before you leave.  On this particular visit we struck out on what we were looking for in Halloween decorations, but that's more so because we are looking for pretty specific things not just general decor - which they had about 3 aisles worth!  Overall: B- All things being said it's still Walmart, and we still dread the beast of a store that they offer, but who can deny the cheap prices?
4 First there were the two World Wars... then Korea, and next Vietnam followed by our current wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.  Nothing could have compared me for what I experienced last Friday, or as the country now remembers it... BLACK FRIDAY.  I'd always avoided Black Friday because for the most part I'm a wimp and I've always lived where it's fricking cold and over the years I've grown fond of my fingers and balls.  Well, now that I live in Phoenix I thought I'd partake in all the festivities that I've watched on TV all these many years.  I didn't know what to expect:  Would I be trampled to death? Would I find myself standing in line with someone who has been camping out for days without taking a bath?  Would I lose my hearing from the stereo screaming sound of screaming children who already at the age of 3 have figured out that Santa Clause is no further away than their parent's credit card?  I could only hope.  There was a line, but dammit if it moved along pretty swiftly and people were polite for the most part.  It probably didn't hurt that there were 20+ cops bearing arms, ready to shoot Grannie if she dared tried to cut in line.    After about 20 minutes I found myself walking into the store and into what I can only describe as managed chaos.  I have never seen so many people  in on Walmart in my entire life (other than the time I went into one in Cancun Mexico, and they pretty much look like that all year).    There were parents dragging kids by the arms, ignoring the screaming from their kids who would no doubt need serious shoulder surgery one day.    There were cute little old ladies with their even cuter little old husbands who were walking....one...step...at....a....time...and...I...could...not...get...around...them...and... wished...they...would...die...and...get...it...over...with.  Then there are the 'scooter people.'  Those folks who have clinged (clung?) to the new age idea that them being severely obese has made them also disabled and the only way to treat severely obese people is to give them carts so they can run into other people and shelves and my knees.  And those things moved FAST!  The only time I've ever seen one slow down is when they were going through the snack isle and then it's like they were going through a school zone...their eyes scanning the rows snacks with the intensity of a pimp checking out their bitches.  As I moved further into the depths of Sam Walton's hellish dream I realized that this was in fact the American Dream: hundreds of people pushing and shoving each other to get cheap clothes, cheap electronics, and basically every piece of shit you could wish for that was made in any place OTHER than the good ole US of A.  There was a time when people would have thought this was crazy.  Who shops at midnight to get a deal for a $15 dollar microwave?  And then I realized that because of Walmart and their push for the lowest buck no matter what, they have pretty much singlehandedly created an entire nation of people who don't make enough money thus forcing them to scramble for silly deals just so they can get their kids something special for Christmas.  Nice job Sam... I hope you rot in hell.  But I digress.  I was there for one thing and one thing only.  I have no kids; nothing wrong with my little swimmers, but just no interest in the wet and spooky place they were meant to go.  I do however have the cutest, most darling, little nice who I love dearly and I'd do anything for her.  And on this night it was getting the Fisher-Price Sing & Giggle Plush - Mickey.  The girl just loves her Disney.    I wandered over to the Toy Section which mysteriously was not as crowded as I would have expected.  There were tons of kids but evidently Mom and Dad were still playing mind games with their kids, explaining that yes there were rows and rows of Toys but clearly Santa Clause does NOT shop at Wal-mart.  I even heard one women pleading with her little girl who apparently had her eyes on a small Crayon set and the mother was explaining that, "I'm pretty sure Santa Clause is going to get you and even bigger Crayon set, so put it back."  The lies...the lies...they start so young.  I can already picture that same little girl getting pregnant at 15 and hiding it from her mother, and telling her that, "Of course I'm not pregnant.  Would I lie to you, Mom?"  I walked up and down the isles, looking for the little girl area, and sure enough, in the very corner of the store was the isle that looked like it just may have it.  I rounded the corner and I was all alone, and it was almost quiet - the sound of screaming people getting run over by fat people in scooters sounded miles away.  I found Mickey right away and then ran for the check out where I waited another 30 minutes to get out of there.  On the way out I saw hundreds of people still lining up to get in, and I thought to myself, "Merry Christmas, you poor bastards."
4 I would normally not bother to review a Walmart, since my visits to Walmarts have generally not been pleasant. But I felt that I had to give this one a review, with a good rating at that. I first came here a few months ago when some storage items I needed after moving to a new place could not be found in the Walmarts near me and the website showed that this one had those in stock. I was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and organization of the store and the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. I have come back a few times since, and have always had the same positive experience. I was surprised to see all the negative reviews here, but then realized that there was a major renovation before I came to this area; the negative reviews were posted before that, so I guess that whatever issues were present before had mostly been worked out since, before my first visit. Cool!
1 Worst customer service!!!!  Went to return a storage box that did not fit our Christmas tree.  When the sales associate saw the box she automatically said its non refundable and it was a clearance item because it was a Christmas item.  I told her that it was not on clearance and it was not a Christmas item.  I even told her it doesn't say anything on the receipt.  She said "It doesn't matter".  So finally she went to a manager and the manager said that it was not a Christmas item and can absolutely be returned for a full refund.  I think the employees should be educated on what can be returned and what can't.  Another thing is she should have dropped the attitude right from the beginning.  So if anyone needs to return something to this location,  see a manger first and avoid dealing with an associate who is rude and doesn't know what they are talking about.
4 Of all the Wal-Marts in the area, this is the best one. It's pretty clean (for a Wal-Mart) and the lines are generally really quick (for a Wal-Mart). They even have self checkouts available. Plus everything you could possibly need is in this strip mall. Park in one spot, run to Wal-Mart, the pet store, grab some lunch, get your hair cut.......all without ever having to leave the lot.
4 When I walked into this Walmart tonight, I was thinking about how I was going to write a review about how this place is normally not as clean as a Target. But, tonight was different. It felt and did look clean. Floors were nice and white. What was even better, was an employee in electronics. She was very friendly, mad conversation, and helped me with what I needed!
1 Horrible customer service. There are so many people working here and when you need their help, they aren't there to help and make you wait for them. I hate coming to walmart for this reason!
1 Has this place ever heard of a mop? The floors are FILTHY! Can't you hire somebody to mop the floors? Every floor in this place was filthy. ALL OVER THE STORE!!!!!
5 Despite my earlier review (which still stands), I continue to shop at this store because 1. I'm budget-conscious (save more, spend more!), 2. it's several miles drive to another Walmart, and 3. for health reasons I don't have the ability to have to run all over NE Phoenix to do a few simple errands that I can often get done right here.  Plus - there are some things I can only get at this store and not at other grocers or even at the next closest Walmart.  That said, i'll be honest, this store continues to be a mixed experience and this 5 start rating and following review comments are LIMITED ONLY to the topic of their employees and service:  Several of the employees at this particular store are truly wonderful people, some of whom have worked there for years and I'd like to give them mention by name.  They deserve special recognition for not only a job well done but for standing out -- in a positive light -- among their peers as excellent representatives of this Walmart Supercenter:  NEDDY - always cheerful, kind, friendly and obviously a very hard worker BONNIE - we miss your friendly helpful nature at the self-checkout now that you've moved to pharmacy...  you always kept things moving with grace and ease NADA - warm and helpful, a fast, competent worker JAIRO - friendly and very helpful, knows his stuff JESSIE - always upbeat and friendly while obviously extremely competent and a real hard worker MAGGIE - fun and friendly, she really knows her job and how to keep a cool head AMANDA - lovely person and so helpful  There's also a woman w/long red hair (and an adorable grandchild that I met once while we were all in line :-)  I'm so sorry i didn't get her name but I'm sure her manager will be able to ID her...  She's super pleasant and one of the most efficient, competent cashiers I've ever met (along with the others mentioned here, of course!)  The 2 male greeters on the evening shift...  one from back east, NJ, I think: he's funny and friendly -- always makes a visit to WM an adventure.  And the other gentleman wears a small neat ponytail.... he's more understated but warm and friendly - always makes me feel welcomed though the door!  And last but not least, the evening shift front end manager, Lou.  (not sure about title).  Lou deserves a hearty pat on the back and not only recognition for her own hard work and friendly, pleasant attitude (especially considering the pressures she must face), but she also deserves kudos and recognition for leading a team of so many outstanding representatives for Walmart in a store that still has some serious challenges.    Thank you, Lou and thanks to your wonderful staff!  PS - I'm sure to be able to get the other names and will try to eventually come back and update this when I do.
5 Still frustrated over missing prices on expensive meat products but I just received exemplary help from the new department manager,  Jovan, looks like there will be no more green meat here - yay!
