5 Had the most positive experience in a government building when I visited to get my social security card. I literally walked in, checked in with the security guard, she gave me my ticket, checked my bag for weapons, and I sat down for literally 4minutes and was called up to a window.   It was about noon when I visited on a Friday to get my Social Security Card, and the representative was super pleasant and helpful. I strongly suggest if you don't want to deal with parking issues with the downtown location, come here!
3 I was number E-31  I arrived at 1:45 or so to get a replacement card.  It's been a while. Almost thirty years since I lost my original one. LOL  Since everyone is so security conscious these days, I thought I should get a replacement.  Just in case someone would want to steal it.  I never had a reason to before, still don't. One of the side benefits of working for the same company for so long.  I arrived and was asked by the armed security guard if I had any pointy objects, knives, guns or a cellphone. I said no, no, no and yes. I was told to mute the cellphone. LOL  I said thank you, hit the touch screen for my number and proceed out the door to Del Taco for lunch.    I came back an hour later and they were at E-94. Fearing I had missed my number, I went up to an open window and I was told no. Forty five minutes later they did call my number. I handed her my pre-printed and filled out form. She asked for my Drivers License, and a few questions. I had to swear that all the information I gave her was the truth under penalty of incarceration.   She was very pleasant. I wished her a nice day!
4 If you're coming for a new or replacement social security card you need to go to Suite B NOT the main office. When you pull into the parking lot turn left and follow the road around. Suite B is located in the back left side of the building. The security guard will search your belonings so leave your guns and drugs at home. The staff was very friendly and I was in and out in about 45 minutes. If your changing your name like I was you will have to wait 48 hours before you to go to the MVD to get an updated licence to allow their system to process the change. I was told I'll receive my new card in the mail in 2 weeks.
1 2.. the number of hours I spent here getting my new social security card with my new last name. 7. the number of minutes it took, once my name was called to get a new SS card ordered for me in said last name. I pray that I never have to come back to this place again after that crazy experience. Plus it was FREEZING! What the crap?
4 As other reviews have said if you are looking to change your name Suite B is around the corner from the main entrance so park / walk in on that side. Both entrances have a security guard that will ask why you are there and will ensure that you get checked in. If you have a bag or purse, they will ask to check it for any weapons and then request that you put your cell phone on silent or vibrate.  I didn't have an appointment, but since we recently got married, I needed to request a new SS card in order to get my name updated. I received a ticket from the security guard that checked me in and I was about 4 numbers off from the most recently called one. I waited about five minutes in a chair before my number was called (side note: if you go at lunch time, they will have less windows open - so if you can, try going during the earlier morning, or a bit after lunch to ensure you get seen).    Be sure to check their website before going so you can print and fill out the application form and have it ready to go.  It's also a great resource for being able to know what to bring with you so you don't have to make a return trip.    I had my passport, birth certificate, driver's license and marriage license. It took about five minutes for the clerk behind the counter to type in all my information and I was ready to go!  She was fast, efficient and friendly.  The security guard was helpful and funny.   Overall: A Check the website, come prepared, and all in all it should be a quick visit!!
