4 This place is great. I have a lot of clients that stay here and the service is exceptional. The hotel is located on beautiful Stone Creek Golf Course and has a nice pool. It was just remodeled and looks great. It is in close proximity to shopping and dining options. A nice place to get away and relax with out the Scottsdale resort prices.
1 We had to change rooms on the first night. Huge roach on top of the Microwave. The second room was so dusty. I had a miserable night. When we addressed our issues to Sandra at the front desk ; she told me that I needed to reserve a non-allergic room. Translations: Rooms they actually dust and clean. I was sneezing all night. I don't have this problem under typical conditions. The first room also had trash and hair clips left behind from the previous patrons. Sandra did not offer a solution or seemed too concern. Later that night I voiced a concern to a man at the desk and he offered an additional night. That was kind of him, though the problem was I couldn't breath and was sneezing.. Needless, to say we didn't take the offer. Before I forget to mention, one of the sofa chairs upholstery was torn. I do have pics to back up my claims. After our second room was re-cleaned we had to dust our selves. The last night I couldn't sleep because I'm certain I felt bed bugs. I googled them from my phone. After seeing the huge cock roach I was to scared to check for the bed bugs in the mattress as advised from the website. Which brings me to, their wi-fi. You have to pay for it. Pretty, chinsey to charge for wi-fi. (about $14.95/day) However some of the down stairs desk computers face the windows entering the Hotel. They use their wifi for staying on Facebook all day. There wasn't one time as I was entering & leaving for the day that I did not see an Embassy Suite's staff Face Book page up. lol I guess the wifi is for their staff.  Other then the rooms the overall stay was o.k. Restaurant service was very kind and friendly. They have a nice serve to order breakfast bar. Manager's reception at night with snacks and drinks. The view from our suite was beautiful over looking the pool and golf course. They need to work on the cleanliness of their rooms, especially since that's what they pride them selves on.. Firing Sandra would be a good move.
5 The menu didn't look interesting online but the food was perfect once there.  Huge, beautiful rooms.  Lovely walking paths near a creek and ponds.  Staff genuinely cared.
4 Lovely grounds, lovely service, lovely wedding. Small hidden Gem right in Phx behind the PV mall. I have lived here for over 30 years and had no idea such a nice place was located around there. The hotel is right on a pretty golf course. The grounds are delightful. The rooms are large and clean. I hear the honeymoon suite is gorgeous! The pics looked beautiful. The food was very good for a catered event. Great job ES!
4 Stayed at this Hotel for a few days and well there are some thins that need work but the good out weighs the bad.  on that note lets go with the bad. the only thing i noticed was bad was the organization down at the front desk, they clearly had our rooms mixed up and it was just a mess... but i guess that was to be expected because there was a bunch of us, so i guess that was ok.  starting off with the room, very clean and there was a great view of the on site golf course. Adequate lighting, LCD TV, Couch and separate bedroom.   Internet WiFi for a price of about $14 per night.  Chow Hall down stairs to the right when you walk into the entrance of the hotel. The food was ok, regular cafeteria food to me and i actually have no problem with that.   On site workout room that consist of a full dumbbell rack, medicine balls, a few cardio machines and TV's.  Onsite Golf course..... i dont play golf so.... i cant review it... i can only say that its there haha
5 Went back, still perfect service and staff, still great food, still huge rooms for a fair price.  Love the walking trails.  Going back again!
5 Wow!  I enjoyed staying here!  Huge rooms!  We had three adults and two children and everyone had plenty of room!  Highly recommended!
4 Returned and was told the manager and head chef had changed.  The staff is not nearly as friendly.  The food is less consistent.  Service is spottier.  Carpets are less clean and show signs of wear.  Still a good hotel, but...
5 This place was amazing!!! Glen the man at the front check in desk was extremely helpful and friendly! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone! The room was  spacious, clean and peaceful!  The very was very nice and serene.  The location was great.  There was a variety of stores and restaurants down the street!!  There are some pics I added on my profile if they are of any help
5 Outside what is expected from a normal Embassy Suites Hotel, but what a beautiful view from your room. Customer service is outstanding and of course who can say enough good about the complimentary breakfast!!! Great Embassy experience, this will become a regular for me when visiting Scottsdale Arizona! Highly recommended family friendly place to stay, clean comfy an the kids love it. Pool is emaculate,  as expected form embassy suits.
5 They are back to their old wonderful form.  The food was even better than I had remembered.  The chef often bonuses your room service order.  This is a wonderful place.  I go twice a year and would stay no where else.
3 We've been staying here since it was built and it is really getting worn out. So I guess we are spoiled. The location, food and staff have always been great and still are. The sofa bed looked like it should be sticking out of a dumpster and the carpets and furnishings are worn. It is adjacent to a golf course in the riverbed so you can walk east for miles. Many restaurants and shops are within walking distance. The economy has been tough on everything so maybe this is par for the price. Wi-Fi free in the lobby but not in the room.
2 Early Tee Time?  Maybe this place is for you.  But if you are looking for a hotel where you can get some sleep then perhaps consider another hotel.  Maybe you are a golf person and like early tee times.  Then this is your dream location.  The hotel and Stone Creek Golf Course share the same property (but are independently owned according to the hotel staff).  I recently stayed at this hotel for a business trip and was placed on the golf course side of the hotel.  Nice views but do not be fooled.  3:30 AM the maintenance crew started to manicure the lawns.  A golf cart with their brights on shines light on the course (and into your room) while the lawn mower meticulously cuts the greens.  This happened 2 out of the three nights I stayed there.  Then at 6 AM the golf course PA system kicks in to announce golfer's tee times.    When I complained to the hotel staff I was told that there was nothing they could do and that the General Manager had been aware of this problem for some time.  It is my opinion that the hotel cares more about their relationship with the golf course than with their hotel guests.  If you MUST stay here then insist on a room on the opposite side of the hotel from the golf course.
4 Came here to meet family for a graduation.  Did not actually stay here but had drinks and used their pool.  The staff was exceptional.  They all were so friendly.  The location is not bad, pretty close to the freeway and stores including Paradise Valley mall right there.  The grounds where very nice and clean.  When I inquired about the rooms and setup my family all loved the amenities, free breakfast, happy hours and clean spacious rooms.  I would definitely recommend this Embassy Suites to others.
4 Good stay overall.  We were given a corner room with a great golf course view.  The kids enjoyed the pool at night.  The highlight --big breakfast spread with made to order omelets/pancakes.  Needless to say, we had seconds and thirds.  A special thanks to Martha for making us feel at home during our 2-night stay.
5 We've always like Embassy Suites, mostly because their rooms are spacious and the free breakfast (with their trademark made-to-order omelets) is a cut above everyone else's. Oh, and my wife likes their complimentary happy hour.  The Scottsdale location is no different. In fact, the rooms may be even more spacious than other Embassy Suites, especially the rooms on the angled corners. A couple of things that also made this Embassy Suites stand out from most of the others we've stayed at: 1) the layout is an open, wing-shaped structure, not a rectangle that encloses a central courtyard, and 2) the pool is outdoors instead of indoors.  My wife did take advantage of the happy hour (actually, a happy "two" hours, from 5:30-7:30) with a couple of glasses of wine each day. The bartenders are very generous with their drinks, and they also serve complimentary cocktails: Tequila sunrises, screwdrivers, and margaritas seemed to be the most popular drinks  being poured.  The back of the hotel overlooks the pool area and a golf course. The living area has a small wet bar with its own sink, a good size mini-fridge, and a microwave.  The furnishings were clean and comfortable. Flat-screen televisions in both the sitting area and the bedroom. Mattress was a little soft for my wife's taste (she likes a really firm mattress), but I thought it was comfortable.   WiFi is free on the first floor, but there's a daily charge on the upper floors where the guest rooms are located. We saw quite a few guests bringing their laptops down to the bar/lounge area just off the lobby.  However, if you are an AT&T internet customer/subscriber, internet access is also free on the upper floors, you just need to logon using your AT&T user ID and password.  My only complaint is that the bedrooms have a small clock-radio whose time is "radio-controlled." That is, there are no external controls which you can use to set the current time, just the alarm time. Supposedly the clock sets itself through some radio signal, but our clock was 12 minutes ahead. I did a Google search to see how it could be manually corrected, and if you take a small (jewelry size) Phillips head screwdriver and remove the top faceplate, there are controls under it which can be used. Very frustrating, since I didn't bring a small screwdriver. So when I set the alarm, I had to set it for 12 minutes after the time I wanted to wake up.   But overall a very good experience. We stayed with a large group of about 150 people for a conference over Labor Day weekend, and the staff was very courteous and accommodating.
5 I stayed at this Embassy Suites during a writer/reader conference, and I have to say that it has been one of the best hotel stays I have ever had! Everyone on staff was extremely attentive and friendly, they were always available for the strangest requests! The food was amazing-- I felt incredibly spoiled at breakfast! The rooms are huge, we had four adults sharing my room and we weren't packed in like sardines. Quite the opposite, actually! I am looking forward to next year's conference when we come back again!
5 We came here for a weekend trip and to celebrate my fiancés birthday. Aaron checked us in and he had the best customer service! He was able to get us into an early check in and gave us an up-grade, because of my fiancés birthday.   The room was great, it was very quiet, clean and spacious, I believe every room comes with an outside patio which was very nice. The black out curtains in the room were awesome, they actually blacked out everything and kept it nice and dark.   We took advantage of the managers reception, they had multiple TV's in the reception area which was great for watching the basketball game. I wish they had board games though, we have been to a property that provide basic board games like chess, and checkers during the manager reception and I liked that a lot more that watching TV.   The pool was also very nice we went in the evening when everything was a little quieter, it seemed to be very popular in the afternoon.  We also got to meet Robert at the front desk and he was very professional and courteous during our stay.  I would definitely recommend this hotel because of its customer service, location and amenities!
