4 Great staff....friendly service....and they have some pretty good mortgage rates going right now for those of you who want to buy a home. I set up an account with them many months ago....but I had to review them because no matter when I go in there is always someone to help you....and the bank tellers are great. My favorite aspect of the credit union though is the coin machine.....that's right the coin machine. I save all of my change so when it starts to build up I can take it to desert schools put it into the coin machine and within seconds it counts it and prints me a receipt.  Now I know many of you have seen these in grocery stores and the like but desert schools only takes 7.9% of your total while the stores take 10%. Now that may not seem like much...but when you have as many coins as I take every few months of so.....it adds up. So if you need a great place to securely handle your money and treat you like a real customer....then please give desert schools credit union a try. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
1 They're not exactly a model of kind or friendly customer service.  They rejected me for a checking account. That isn't a problem, it's how they treated me after I was told; like "It's time for you to go".  A modicum of decency would have been nice, not getting shuffled out the door.
4 The process was quick and painless. The guy who talked to me first was abrupt but not rude. He called for a woman named Trinity who was very nice and showed sympathy to my almost week long cold. She didn't try to up sell anything and was very pleasant.  There wasn't any frills, I didn't receive any thorough explanations about where my money was going (there wasn't any proof that my money went into an account it just kinda disappeared. I went to the ATM and got a statement to prove it was actually in there!) The best part about it was the option for free checking and the option to exempt yourself from overdraft protection which I LOVE.
4 I come to this location for shared branching. The service here has always been great and the staff is always friendly and knowledgeable.   I'm also happy they are open on Saturdays!
