4 This place is very nice for the area of town. The prices are reasonable. They do a hot stone massage which is awesome! And they use a timer set at 10 mins for the pedi which is nice because you know you won't get shorted. But they also won't go over either which is a bummer. But all in all I was happy with the services I received.
5 Ok so first off  Tiffany's nail salon is under new management. It is now owned by Don &Theresa who previously worked at Anthony lee nails on 7th st bell. Don has been doing my nail for over 10yrs!! He is amazing at what he does. I recommend everyone to him for nails. Theresa has been doing my pedis and waxing for just as long. They are a dynamic duo. Check them out
5 It has been very hard to find a decent nail salon since I've moved from San Diego to Phoenix but FINALLY I've found a great place! Both Don and Theresa have done my nails and they've turned out beautifully every time. Best of all, it's affordable. I highly recommend them to all. :)
5 One of the best pedicures I have ever had! My nails are beautiful, really appreciated that Don made a suggestion and showed me what it would look like before putting on my nails. Only slight irritation was that I made appointment but I still waited 30 minutes. Because everything was great, I am able to over look that.
5 Good prices a little higher than average but the work makes up for it.. teresa is the best. Good acrylic glitter options huge huge selection of nail polishes. Great designs and 3d nail art.  Its so warm and welcoming not your average nail salon where the workers are rude and speak about you
5 This salon is definately in good hands!!! Teresa did my nails at the other salon for 8 years, love her pedicures, she cuts all the cuticles, cleans out all the dirt, does an amazing job on the feet. Don does my acrylic nail set and I loveeee his East coast style of my nails! Always the same, always perfect! I definately recommend them!!!
5 This is the best nail salon that I have been to in a long time! Very clean, super nice and the nail tech I had, Victor, was very quick & gentle! I tried a different color first but ended up not liking how the color looked on me so he changed with no charge and no attitude! AMAZING, I highly recommend it. Lots of choices for acrylics!!! At the end when I paid, he gave me a Christmas present, a big lotion bottle! So sweet!
5 My first time here, this salon came highly recommended. Very nice people, Don actually listened to exactly how I imagined my nails, and did better then I expected! I love it! They work to perfection. :)
4 Pretty nice despite the location. Very quick to get me in a seat and get started. Not to welcoming though. Presented a nail design and they did everything they could to match it for me. Also did a good job trying to match my gel polish color to my regular polish color for my toes. Did a great job with the gel, very thick and covered entire nail. Lasted a long time, about 2 1/2 weeks maybe. The pedicure was one of the best I've ever had! The had many options for the pedicure. You could pick what you wanted at decent prices. I get pedicures for the massaging. Longest massage I have ever gotten without paying extra. With both the sea salt and lotion. It was amazing and just the right amount of pressure. Did a nice job painting my toes as well. They were a little mad I didn't have cash for a tip though, I never carry cash. I will defiantly be coming back here!
5 I love it here, Don and Teresa do a great job on nails and Vi does the best pedicures. For $27 I got a full set white tip, with gel too coat!
