4 This place has grown SO much since I was a kid.  Thanks to my family, I've still made regular visits there to deal with stitches, accidents and actual health issues.  And yea, when I was younger I saw the inside of their ER a few too many times myself.  But now days it's SO much bigger!!!  And every time I've been there the nursing staff has been great.  The Dr's have been ok, but frankly - they leave the room so quickly they are much less memorable.  I can say that as of 18 1/2 years ago when my brother was born there, the maternity unit was nice.  But I'm guessing it's been re-done since then to make it even nicer.  I was in their ER less than a year ago and they had some really private rooms for once you had been diagnosed.  SO much better than just waiting in areas surrounded by a curtain.  They lose one star though for some thing non-medical.  We temporarily lost a child there, and we could hardly get any assistance from the staff.  Yes, the child was 14, but still a child.  Once they heard how old the kid was though, it's like they phased it right out.  "Oh, I'm sure they just wondered to another area or outside."  We finally found each other after 15-20 minutes of searching and running all over the hospital, but it could have been easier with a bit more help.
1 I always knew this is not the best hospital.  This is my second longer term visit, I mean more then just a trip to the ER in any hospital so only have one place to compare but I know it was BAD!  My last trip was to Thompson Peak, it was luxury 5 star!  My nurse was an awful awful woman, and it wasn't just me that noticed, my best friend and mom saw it too.  Not to mention when my IV fell out, i had 2 for some reason???  They ignored it and let me bleed after they were told it happened.  Oh well the other one was pumping the drugs.  The one that was left hurt badly, I know IVs suck but this HURT, i told them many times they ignored it.  I now have a very swollen hurt hand, almost a month later.  It has gone down but still in IV spot is swollen and very painful.  I guess its good it went down??  Rude, unhelpful or caring!  They released me in a druggen daze as well....
4 Loved the staff here. I went in with a migraine.. the worst migraine. In fact, a scary, cant feel your face and slurring your words like a drunk with no drink, migraine. I was ushered right in. (Probably because they thought I was young but having a stroke..!).. The Er is noisy and daunting like any other trauma room, with ambulances bringing in broken bones,etc. My only scary moment was being given a shot of morphine, which I failed to mention, I am allergic to..! AS the nurse was leaving.. I freaked out with a reaction.. a shot of benadryl and a few other choice drugs.. and I felt no more of that. Its clean and everyone is friendly and on their game. Glad I left..
4 PV Pain specialists (Dr. Wang) rule!
3 I shall let you in on a little secret... I am a nurse. So I know hospitals. I know healthcare. SO in knowing the "in's and out's" I added a star because working in an ER is rough goings. It's busy, understaffed, unpredictable and exhausting. I wouldn't do it again. But if one chooses that as thier nursing area of choice, then I expect better service.   Onto this experience. Husband comes home with a wicked case of food poisoning. It was awful. We tried all we could at home for a few hours, but he's diabetic and at this point, I realize there is no way to keep his blood sugars in check, so I put him and a bag in the car and off we go.   We arrive and he is very weak. I go in to ask for a wheelchair because we don't need to add a broken bone from a fall onto this trip. The staff gave me one and sent me to go sort getting him out of the car on my own. Okay, well whatever I can do what I need to do.  We then sit in the waiting room for about 30 minutes before seeing the triage nurse. Not bad as far as ER waiting times can go! She assesses him, all while ignoring me. Here in lies my major frustration with this hospital. BE NICE TO PEOPLE'S LOVED ONE'S. You are treating more than just the "patient". Family members and friends can provide a lot of great information! I tell her his last blood sugar and that I had attempted to give him a couple glasses of regular coke to keep his sugars up and help settle his stomach. She then says we need "diabetic teaching". (This almost put me over the edge, but I kept my mouth shut). Amazingly his sugar was 62, so I think it is SHE who needs diabetic teaching, because if he hadn't had that sugar he would be seizing at this point. I think I know my diabetic spouse's needs a little better than her- I have been caring for him for years.  The rooms are nice- seem upgraded and clean and had a flat screen TV. Ours didn't work, but oh well. The blanket warmer is always a big plus as well.   The doctor was AWESOME. He was the highlight. Personable, fun, listened and actually acknowledged the fact I was there (The rest of the staff ignored me).   Our nurse was okay. Not overly friendly, but not rude.She seemed new and not quite as knowledgeable as I would like in a hospital.  I wouldn't trust this hospital for something serious, but they got his symptoms controlled for basic food poisoning.   Our bill was over 4 grand for an hour stay that included IV fluids, IV morphine, IV Zofran (for nausea), a basic blood panel, and a urine sample. (Quite steep, but that's for profit healthcare for you!)  That is why I only work non-profit *wink.   Nice work on the upgraded rooms, cool doctor, and fast wait time.  Not such nice work on being respectful to families. After all, we are the ones who are there with them for a reason... and unfortunately the ones who write the reviews and fill out your surveys. :)
1 Review of the ER.  OMFG! Anyone with medical experience - here's the $25,000 question. Patient - 64 overweight female complaining of extreme nausea and vomiting(almost 24 hours) and a few days unable to have a movement.  Not very alert, BEGGING for water or ice chips.  You do NO CBC.  No blood or urine test of any sort.  WHY????  A blood test likely would have shown blood sugar well into the mid 400's.  A urine test would have shown ketones through the roof.  Either of these simple tests would have likely gotten her admitted on the spot to get her newly discovered diabetes under control. Instead - you do an X-ray to make sure there's no obstruction, give her some prescription anti-nausea drugs and laxatives and send her on her merry way.  Well, her husaband brought her back to the ER - while on vacation in Washington State just 3 days later.  By then her blood sugar was well over 500, her ketone level was atrocious, her pH was dangerously low. Then she got to spend 2 days in ICU.  Intensive Fucking Care!  In a state far from home.  For what it's worth - when the hospital in WA recieved the records from PV and saw no blood or urine test was taken, they couldn't understand WHY.  If nothing else, a CBC to check for infection would have been one of the first things they did.  (And, in fact, WAS one of the first things they did.)  Hours in your ER for nothing.  Minutes in Washington, and she's in the ICU. She should not have been released from your ER - she should have been admitted.  And maybe with the extra 72 hours to work with, ICU could have been avoided.  And I'd be able to see my mom in the hospital.  She's out now - and on her way home.  No thanks to you.
5 I woke up in the middle of the night having trouble breathing, which was made worse by the fact that I had just run out of my asthma inhaler. I debated whether I should wait until an urgent care opened or just go to the ER, and finally I decided to just go. I'm so glad I did. I was in and out in less than an hour-- unbelievable. The intake nurses were so calm and sweet and very respectful. I was seen literally immediately. The nurses told me there had been a 5 hour wait all night so I really lucked out. Several nurses came in and out while I was in a room, and each asked me if I was comfortable or would like to watch tv. The doctor spoke about 3 sentences to me but I can imagine they were busy with patients who had more significant issues than mine. I would definitely recommend this ER if you live close by. I am back in my bed in less than an hour and a half!
1 When is a better time to write a review of a hospital that when you have spent the last eleven hours at their ER with a 90 year old woman who took a bad fall.  Kudos to Matthew who was able to find a vein and get a IV started after the other Nurse that I will call "N"  obviously couldn't do it. She suddenly just walked away with not a word of explanation.   Next thing I knew, Matthew showed up with no word of explanation.  I don't blame him; what was he told?  This was just the beginning of the next hours I spent trying to get any explanation of what was going on at any given time about anything.  I have spent more than a few hours in ER's at different Valley hospitals.  This had to be the worse.   Kudos to Pam in Radiology.  She and her two female helpers went out of their way to make a traumatic experience a little less so for my little friend,  Norma.  As for the rest of the staff in ER.  No thanks to any of you for the efforts I had to go to to really be informed as to what was happening in those hours.  No thanks to you for setting her up for a heart monitor and leaving it on standby.  Why turn in on for a 90 year old lady with a severe heart murmur.  No thanks for telling me that her IV wouldn't drip because of the position of her arm.  If you had told me how her arm had to be positioned for it to keep working, I could have monitored it.  Instead it didn't drip.  I could be say more but I think Yelpers are more than capable of reading between the lines, and have caught my drift...  I had hear less than complimentary comments about Paradise Valley Hospital over the years.  I always chalked up a certain amount of it to how people were affected by the stress of the situation involved.  It really was as bad as I had heard this evening.  I am glad I could say some good things but they certainly weren't enough to suggest considering going there.
1 Delivered my baby there in Nov 2011. Seriously incompetant billing department! They also spelled my son's name wrong on his paperwork causing me to have to re-do his SS card. Terrible headache! The facility is also lacking. I would say take the drive to scottsdale. I had my first child there and everything was perfect.
3 Now let me start by saying I hate hospitals....and I have been very blessed that I have not had to spend anytime in one for my own personal health since I have been grown. My wife had some severe abdominal pain last evening.....so we decided to go to this hospital because it is very close to our Apt. When we arrived my wife had to fill out a short form and then we waited about 15 minutes before she was seen. The intake nurses and RN's were fantastic....however like the another yelper said the ER doc was not so pleasant. Now that is not to say he was not nice....he just seemed preoccupied....and I guess that is not surprising for an ER doc. Now considering we arrived at just before midnight....and all the procedures that had to performed on my wife which included: Blood work.....and IV.....ultrasound and pelvic exam....we didn't leave until just before 3am.   So all things considered it wasn't a bad experience....but they could use another couple of ER docs and I think that would make a huge difference. So in a serious Emergency this might not be the best place to come unless you want to wait...but if you can be a little patient this is an Idea location for an emergency. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!
1 A complete butcher shop! I ended up here several times, and if I was shot out front I would crawl to another hospital. Very dirty. There was dried blood and hairs everywhere. None of the doctors would listen to me. If you have a choice go somewhere else. I am not just saying this out of spite. It is a very very poor hospital. It seems they just want to milk your insurance. They do not care about you. Nor do they think you could possibly know whats going on with your own body. I.e. I had no pain, and diarrhea. They admitted me for pain management and tried to give me stool softener. That's just one of several examples. STEER CLEAR!
4 At out patient ward....Great staff, great service. awsome Dr. Only thing I found unusual was the 95 yr old man working at Hospital escorted me out to my truck (after surgery) while in wheel chair after reconstructed knee surgery. He was very weak and feable there was no way he was helping me into the truck and i found that to be an issue haing myself and older mother attempt to load me into my truck.
4 I had outpatient surgery yesterday, and it was a really good experience there.  My Preop nurse and Post op nurse were fantastic.
1 If I could give PV hospital ZERO stars, I would! Btw, I am an RN, so I know something about health care and this place is the worst. I went into the ER after a fall, sure there was a break in my arm. Oh, after an exam by the so-called Dr, and an X-ray, they said it wasn't broken but "just a sprain."     An incredible night of pain....they told me to take some Tylenol. Then my phone rings and it's PV Hospital. They are very sorry. They looked at my X-ray again and my arm IS broken, so can I come back to the ER to have it set and casted? Of course, anything to help the pain.  But the pain got WORSE when they charged me a SECOND co-pay on my insurance. Huh? I didn't understand the reasoning of that...they explained because I was there on two separate occasions I had to be charged twice, and "oh, if you really thought your arm was broken, you should have asked for a second opinion." WHAT?!?!?  So I should have known better, but when our son rolled his ATV in the desert and was injured, we just wanted to get him to the closest ER. Again, this ER apparently does not know how to diagnose a broken bone. He had several X-rays, and they again told him that it was just a sprained shoulder. By this time, I had a job at a different, obviously better hospital. In retrospect, should have taken him there to begin with, but we were looking for a close hospital. So we drove him to my hospital....lo and behold, a broken arm and clavicle.    This hospitals ER staff is completely unprofessional and inept! I wouldn't trust them with an ingrown toenail!
5 Review of the Mother and Newborn ward.   Simply put - EXCELLENT.    Delivered my twins at this hospital via a scheduled C-section.  The staff in the Labor/Delivery and Mother/Newborn Care were beyond our expectations.  High quality of care coupled with a seasoned nursing staff that is kind and caring at every turn.  The nursing staff all work together as a close knit team and with each shift change the incoming and outgoing nurses would come to the room to make us aware of the shift change, and ensure a smooth transition from one nurse to the next.   We loved having the option of having our twins with us in the room, or sending them to the nursery so we could get some much needed rest as I recovered from my C-section. And the staff in the nursery was equally excellent at caring for our newborns.  The lactation consultant(s) is terrific - helped me to get started down the path of nursing my twins successfully.  The staff at PVH is beyond comparison - if you want to feel cared for this is the place to deliver.  There are other facilities in the valley that provide a more "spa" like experience - but what you get in terms of "spa"-ness you will sacrifice in terms of quality of care.    I highly recommend taking the tour of their facility and signing up for the child birth, breast feeding and infant care classes that are offered.
