4 Love this place. We've been taking our boy here for about 9 months now (since he was born.) They didn't offer services to the hospital I was at (but that should have changed by now.) We tried a majority of the doctors there and settled on Dr Gutman. She's amazing with our boy and very down to earth. The staff here are always friendly and helpful.
5 I have been taking my son here for 7 years now. The entire staff is always attentive, they typically have appointments available when you call and your child is sick and their physicals have always been very thorough.  I love they have two sides to the their office - sick door and healthy door. They also have Saturday hours at their other location, so that is useful if you need them.   They do a lot of newborn/new parent education.   The doctors and staff are always friendly, they truly do like what they do and they do a great job.
5 Really like this place! They know how to relate to kids. Always calling my daughter 'Princess' and speaking to her on her level. Like any dr's office, they can get behind from time-to-time so having the play area in the waiting room is really nice. The rooms themselves could probably use some updating but they are kid-friendly designs on the walls.  We've recently worked with Jennifer Valentine and she was amazing!
1 I advise not avoiding Phoenix pediatrics. The waiting room smells like cigarettes and walls & floor are very dirty. They are consistently running at least 45 minutes behind and when you finally see a doctor, he/she spends less than one minute with you.
4 I've been taking my two son's to the Tatum and Union Hills location since birth and am very happy with them. I have seen every Dr in their group and am comfortable with all of them. The front desk and nurses are very friendly and really relate to the kids.  My son loves going to the Dr because of this place!  Whoever said the waiting room smells? What? I am sooo picky when it comes to cigarette smoke and I never once thought the place smelled. Maybe a customer smelled and left the area smelling... but its not like it always smells.   Its always very clean when I'm there. And with 2 kids, I'm there quite often!  Also, I've NEVER waited more than 10 mins to see a Dr!  I've even called them at 4pm trying to get my sick kid in, the Dr said he'd wait for me, as I couldn't get there until after 5pm, when the close.    The location is actually out of the way for me, but I won't switch!
