1 I hadn't been on a Greyhound bus since I was a child.  I was going to the north part of Mexico to meet friends, and they told me to take a Mexican First-Class bus line.   I should have listened.  I decided to check prices on Greyhound, and saw the price was about the same, and they advertised wi-fi on their buses and new, more comfortable seating.  Note to Greyhound, when you put stuff like that on your website, people expect you to have it.  The station was grim and the people a little on the scary side.  It was early morning, and I was hungry. The snack bar's sign said it opened at 5AM, and this was a weekday.  By 5:30, still no sign of life, and I left shortly thereafter.   The seats were comfortable as plywood with a towel stapled on for cushioning.  No wi-fi, by the way.   Ironically, they passed us to a Mexican bus line at the border to complete our trip, and oh my god, I was in heaven.  Cushioning, clean, attractive buses and even a movie.  What a concept!    Greyhound is for people who, for whatever reason, seem to have no other choice. Because if they did, they would take.
1 -----this review is being posted for Greyhound Bus Lines as an entire company------  IS GREYHOUND TARGETING THE POOR BY REQUIRING GIAGANTIC FEE INCREASES FOR THOSE WHO CANNOT BOOK THEMSELVES??  Let me start by saying that I will NEVER use Greyhound  again. Never.  I had the unfortunate experience of riding Greyhound just after graduating college.  My experience was that the facilities and buses were dirty. The facility lacked adequate security.  Now I find out that they are targeting the very people that keep them in business by charging those who most need their service HUGE service fees.  My latest experience:  It was horrible.  My sister, who is staying with me while she completes testing and assessments in consideration for a liver transplant, needed to return to Yuma immediately to provide care for another family member.  Because my sister does not have checking or lines of credit, she asked me if I could book her ride for her online.  She wanted to make sure that she had a spot reserved.  I went to Greyhound.com to arrange for a ticket and transportation for my sister.  Greyhound quoted a price of $34.32 for a one way ticket. As I completed the forms online and proceeded to checkout, the cost of the ticket had changed to $52.32.  As I researched the change further, I realized that Greyhound has a policy of charging an $18.00 fee if you buy the ticket but are not the person using the ticket.  Greyhound listed the fee as a "Gift Ticket Fee."  I contacted Greyhound customer service. Based upon my conversation and the lack of English spoken by the rep, I am assuming that Greyhound has outsourced its call center function overseas.  The CSR I spoke with explained to me that the fee is a policy of Greyhound and it is charged to cover the additional costs and for convenience.  I asked him to breakdown what additional costs they were incurring?  He was unable or unwilling to justify the fee.  He kept reiterating that "this is our policy and you must pay Gift Ticket Fee."  My feeling here is the Greyhound has instituted a policy that is direct fee on the poor and indigent.  This policy has the DIRECT EFFECT of raising rates on those who can least afford it.  In my sisters case, the cost for me to book her bus fare was an INCREDIBLE 52% INCREASE over the advertised fare.  Greyhound...it is no wonder your ridership is in continual decline.  It is no wonder that your company is on shaky financial grounds.  Wake up.  Take a look at your reviews online.  Read what people are saying about you.   Your organization used to be considered an icon in the American transportation system.  Now you are looked at with despise.
5 O   k first off the Greyhound Bus is NOT the most classy and convenient way to travel. But it seems to me it can still be a pleasant one if you take a few things into consideration. N    othings perfect!!   THE   B   ecause you may have to sit in line where there are no seats, Bring some kind of but cushion. Your but will thank you!             (Ace Ventura comes to mind talking out of his ass LMAO)   U   should Bring your own snacks,meals and drinks if you can because the options are few and far between. I brought a thermos full of hot soup and a bunch of other stuff.  S   o The earlier you arrive the better choice of seating you get. In the older buses the driver get's to decide who if anybody, sits in the four front most seats. First come first served.  Bring a camera if you have one.   Most of all TO HAVE AN ENJOYABLE EXPERIENCE YOU MUST BRING A POSITIVE ATTITUDE AND PATIENCE.  i  W A S  going to go on and on about the details of my five star adventure but the aforementioned details are all anyone needs to have at least a three star journey folks.         Oh and  I want to mention that the new buses have Wifi, power plugs at every seat, more leg room, better reclining and a way better bathroom.
2 We turned to Greyhound to get from Phoenix to Tucson. We were going to rent a car, but picking up in Phoenix and dropping off in Tucson for 5 days was over $600 at one of the cheaper rental car agencies. That seemed crazy, so we bought one-way tickets on Greyhound for 3 passengers for about $40.   Was there a better deal online? Interestingly enough, the internet special costs more.   Would we save money on our tickets if we purchased ahead? No, but Mr. L bought our tickets a week ahead anyway, since the 2:30pm Sunday bus was the only time that actually worked for us. He printed out our tickets, which said we were confirmed. That Sunday would be Daylight Savings, but it was Arizona, which didn't have a time change.  That Sunday when we showed up at 2pm for our 2:30pm bus, we learned that they'd changed the time to 1:30pm. The Daylight Savings in other states affected the schedule. We should have confirmed our "confirmed" tickets. The station agent changed us to a 5:30pm bus, and we were bummed that we'd have a few hours to kill and miss out on time with Mr. L's parents. And they'd have to find the bus station in the dark - shoot.  Lesson learned? Buying tickets ahead with Greyhound isn't the best idea. If you do, confirm them, as the schedule may change.  With hours to kill in the Greyhound Station, my son started playing video games at $1 a pop, and Mr. L and I gathered our thoughts. There was some scary looking food sitting under heat lamps in the Cactus Café. We rented two lockers to stow our luggage for $3 each for 3 hours and split in a cab for a while to go anywhere but the bus station.  When we returned closer to our new departure time, the lines for the buses were confusing. The line for Tucson was not the line for our bus. It seemed like everything was backwards here. Luckily we asked, or we might've missed our bus again. By the time we boarded our bus, many seats were taken. Ichabod headed to the back of the bus, and a kind gentleman cleared the 3-seat rear spot for us.   There was a bathroom near the back, which Mr. L suggested I avoid entering. He said it was a basic hole (outhouse style) with an empty jar of hand-sanitizer. Good to have the bare-bones bathroom if you really need it, but ick.  The driver made a bunch of announcements in English, then in Spanish. He meant business. I was glad when he told passengers to use headsets for their music, since initially a nearby passenger graced us with his music. Now we only got to see his seated dance moves, which were actually pretty good.   +2 affordable prices +2 capable driver -2 changing the schedule after had a "confirmed" ticket -1 for only one agent working the line  +2 having a bathroom on bus -1 condition of bathroom +1 lockers in Greyhound station -1 for the clusterf*ck of confusion of lines to get on buses - advanced degrees don't help here, be ready to ask questions  Grand total: 2 stars  Overall, we were glad not to spend over $600 on a rental car or inconvenience our friends or family by asking for a very long ride. We learned that we need to confirm or buy tickets last-minute like most Greyhound riders. Hanging out in a Greyhound station is not my idea of fun. We would ride Greyhound again, but proceed with caution.
1 So i went to Phoenix from los angeles to visit my best-friend. I was so mad when i left i got there an hour early and still didn't make my bus.They over booked the buses...yes 2 buses... so i had to sit in a hot bus station with no air and full of people and kids running around for 3 and 30 minutes waiting for the next bus... i was suppose to leave at 3:15pm and didn't leave till 6:35pm then i booked the bus that only had 2 stops , but i in up stopping 5 times..!!!!!!! yes 5 times!!!!! i didn't get to the los angeles till 3:30am and i missed 3 rides cause the bus was running so far of schedule... i feel like they should not schedule so many people on a bus and they don't have room... they know where people are getting off at so they should schedule the seating according... that would only make since...and there buses need to be more cleaner and drivers more instructive... i will never ride the Grey hound any where every again...
2 One word sums this place up. GHETTO! The other reviews were right on the money. I'm not gonna lie, I was scarred! So I suggest buying your tickets ahead of time to get the best rate. I also highly suggest paying the extra 5 bucks to get priority seating and sit up front. And watch your seat- if you leave it empty, you will get jacked. Be forewarned- people stink! Apparently other passengers don't believe in showers or deodorant. A can of Lysol may help. I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 because the bus did arrive to destination on time both times I used the bus, and the second driver was very cool and funny.
5 got an old school bus but it was well worth the money had to use this as a last minute deal to Las Vegas the phoenix station was not too ghetto but you could tell it was not in the best area but the driver was hilarious some lady overslept and was supposed to go to bull head city wound up waking up in the vegas bus station and tried to flip out on the driver and he let her know haha but listen you gotta do what you gotta do sometime my seat was never snatched when i went to the rest room and my space was respected would suggest you take this as a last resort tho flying is wayyyy quicker ood luck
1 If you don't have a deadline, and you are willing to travel lightly, and you don't mind being stuck in the middle of nowhere in the middle of the night, and are willing to put up with a nonchalant attitude about your travel, and you are given a claim check for your bags but no one actually checks your ticket, and buses are way over-used and under-cleaned, and the terminals have limited options for eating even when there are long delays/layovers, and your bags are just out there where anyone can take them, and Customer Service is at a bare minimum or non-existent and  . . . . I actually can think of nothing good about my last trip on Greyhound. And it will be my last . . .   Where's the Customer Service that makes a business one that you want to return to time and time again?   Cheaper than an airline ticket . . . but my advice is stay home or walk to your destination. Definitely not worth the hassle.
1 I found myself testing the Greyhound Bus system after being unable to catch a flight. Ugh!  Tucson to Phoenix to LA. Here are the highlights.   Bus departed over an hour late.  Bus was filthy.  Entire bus smelled like a porta potty.  Bathroom door broken. No privacy. Filthy.  Driver jerked the bus all over the road. No, this isn't a sports car pal.  Two segments required two coupons. They only gave me one. Then later asked for the other. Charged me an extra $5 because they erred and needed to print a 2nd one. I'm uploading 2 photos of my view of the graffitied seat-back forward of me.  Passengers weren't too scary. Borderline/Marginally okay.  AC worked. Did I say the bus stunk?  Can't underscore that enough.   Will I repeat my patronage?  Only if exceedingly desperate. I will not recommend. I will discourage others.  I would not allow a loved one on those busses.  An embarrassment of the Free Enterprise system.
1 First of all i would never ever  travel with grey hound never again because the buses are never clean! There always trash on the bus its disgusting. I was on my to Perris CA to visit my dad, taking the bus on the way there was horrible the  diver was a jerk . Then on the way back to Phoenix AZ very bad experience so i pay for my daughter ticket for her own seat because she 6 years old this bus was pack some people had all there seats the diver did not said nothing but this one guy move his stuff out the way but it was only one seat so my daughter had to sit on my lap i was very mad i did not pay for my child to sit on my lap now we are all most there to Az thats when the bus diver finally did something there was a heelchiar on the bus diver he tough he can pull out some seat justva little bit ugh it was a very tight squeeze never never again then what make things worse their customers service is really ridiculous i told them i want my money back they told me they can only give me two options you can credit to your next trip or $25 cash back hell no like i said never again
2 The buses are filthy, but it's cheap. That's the only reason why I'm giving it a high rating. It's great from coming down from NAU.
3 This was the first time I was every at a bus station.  I found the staff very friendly, much more so that at the airport.  I was able to help my friend, get all his bags checked, although he had to remove his silverware???    Anyway, I may never have to ride the bus, but if I do, I want the people that were working on this visit to be working them as well.
3 Wasn't that bad, definitely nothing to eat. All the workers are idiots but that's life.
2 They charge $2.50 to print your ticket.  The ticket machines do not work if the departure time is close (within) the hour.  It will say that the dates are not available, but they are, just go to the counter to purchase a ticket.  Snack bar, water fountain, etc... Wi-fi.  On 24th St near the airport.  Can pick up the #70 Phoenix bus to the lightrail.  Lightrail is about half a mile north on Washington.  No food places nearby.  Buses are usually late.  Avoid the temptation to sit in the rear - the restrooms do not fully contain the stench.  Customer service should also cut down on the excess joking around when there is a long line of people to take care of.  Multiple employees seen wasting enormous amount of time by engaging in unimportant/immature banter while customers wait in line.  Additionally, customer service should prioritize those customers who wish to get on a soon departing bus.
3 The people that work here were very nice and helpful. It was the first time I've ever taken the bus.
1 So... you're telling me I have to hold my 2 month old baby in my lap for the duration of the 8 hour ride, instead of in his car seat, because the seats MIGHT get full?  So far the bus is still empty, hours into the trip. Can you say "safety violation"?  Two exhausted parents on a red eye trip cant catch any zzzz's safely with a baby in their arms. Someone should sue greyhound, and I'm KINDA hoping its me.
1 I am utterly and completely baffled why Greyhound sells tickets online since they don't guarantee you an actual seat on the bus.  My husband had a family member unexpectedly come into town his home town for a few days, and the most efficient way to quickly get him there from Phoenix was Greyhound.  Bought his ticket online and showed up at the Phoenix terminal this morning.  He was standing in line to get his bagged tagged and the woman in front of him was arguing with the tagger that she couldn't carry her own bag to the bus.  After a bit of back and forth, the tagger carried the bag for her, creating a few minute delay. During this time, several people without checked bags walked up to the counter, purchased tickets and boarded.  My husband finally got his bag tagged, went to board and was told nope, bus was full.  He, as well as the people behind him who had purchased advanced tickets, were not amused.  The next bus out was at 2:30AM (this was at 9AM) or they could route him a on a super scenic route that wouldn't get in until 11PM - well past when anyone could pick him up.  So, we'll try this again tomorrow, cutting his time with his family member by a day.  I contacted Greyhound via FB and was told they don't have a reservation system basically it's first come, first serve, even if you're standing in line with your ticket while they sell tickets to more people.  Okay, I can understand first come, first serve, but why on earth would they then sell tickets online with the date, time and bus number on them?  I'm pretty sure if my husband had missed this bus because of his error they wouldn't honor that ticket tomorrow so to me it seems like that ticket was for a seat on that bus and by issuing it, Greyhound needs to provide a seat.  Am I missing something?  Because their explanation made no sense.  If it's going to be first come, first serve then the ticket I bought should be good for one fare from Phoenix to Point B on any day at any time ~ first come, first serve!  We have no choice but to go this route this time if my husband wants to see this family member he hasn't seen in years, but for future trips, I'll consider all other options ~ heck, hitchhiking might have got him there faster with less frustration (not to mention the time lost from work getting him to/from the bus station!).
1 Very bad customer service! Evelyn in food section had terrible customer service, Kim in tickets was very rude!!!!! No one there smiles but one security guard. The rest looked liked they hated there job! No manners! No help! I'd rather pay tufesa or El Paso Los Angeles limo bus then these jerks!
3 I m giving it a 3 star rating many because after a bad experience at the Glendale's bus station this seems much better.  1. It's small and tidier than the last one.  2. There is free wifi. 3. Proper place to sit.  Cons are  Loud... Because of TVs, even though no one seems to be watching them.
1 Spectacular that in this day and age there exists a company that can stay afloat while not caring about their customers. MegaBus, please come to Arizona!
1 I'd give them zero stars if possible.  Flithy insect ridden station with an unhelpful staff who misdirected me, causing me to miss my bus and connecting train.  Two televisions five feet from each other blaring at high volume drowning out the pa system that must have been built by Thomas Edison himself and sounds like the adults in a Peanuts comic.  After this trip I am never getting on a bus again.
1 WOW!  I don't even know where to begin - and wish I could give ZERO stars!  One star is entirely too many!!!  Paid for my son to come from Amarillo, Texas, to Indio, California (I have a copy of the entire schedule) - again AMARILLO to INDIO!  The bus got to Phoenix, and there my son stayed!  There WAS NO BUS going to Indio, and he could receive no answers from the lady working behind the desk - evidently she was busy "chatting" with the security guard.  The bus my son was on, turned around and went to Tucson - not California!!!  While my son stood there, I tried to call the Phoenix bus station, and there was no answer.  I simply wanted to know when my son could board a bus to complete the rest of his trip, of which I paid for.  My son literally saw the lady ignore many incoming phone calls (5 of which were mine, before I finally gave up)!  As a result, my husband and I had to make a 9 hour round-trip "road trip" to pick up my son at the Phoenix bus station.  Will I be calling the main office of Greyhound demanding a partial refund?  YOU KNOW IT!!  Absolutely worthless organization!  People...trust me when I say the cost of flying might be a bit more expensive, but in the long run, worth every single dime!!!  Won't be using Greyhound again!!!!  Pathetic!!!!!
1 My recent experience with the Phoenix Greyhound Bus station was terrible.    First, I bought a ticket (in person at the Greyhound counter)..  leaving Phoenix, AZ (destination Indio, CA)at 9:00am on Friday... the bus was boarding, I'm in line... when the doors were closed by Phoenix Greyhound staff, stating the "bus was full" and a number of us "had to wait until the next bus."  When I asked how it was possible to be "full" ... when I still had my ticket in my hand., I was told that a "ticket" does not guarantee a seat.  The next bus I was told which would leave for "Indio" about 4 hours later.  So, I was given a "priority" seat for that bus.  After waiting the four (4) hours, I again stood in line, and was then told by the driver ... "I don't stop in Indio" ... I explained that I had been given "the priority pass" ... he stated that I should "talk to the counter" ... Went back to the counter... was told ... next bus for Indio would be in six (6) hours   So... terrible service, inaccurate information, waited additional ten (10) hours ...  If you can avoid Greyhound (in Phoenix) ... do so.
1 the fist time ever ridding a bus......st Los Angeles statio where i was leaving from was great. But when i arrived to phoenix i had the most horrible experience. The lady name Elsa or some thing like that was ordering  tacos while i was in front of her face. I was tiring to get  to Tucson Arizona i just wanted to buy a ticket and the lady did not listen she was really rude.... not riding grey hound ever in my life again the bus was nasty, smelled bad, to crowded, loud ,GHETTO.
1 Once again, an issue. This time I went to kiosk t o purchase ticket, kiosk malfunctioned and said for me to see an agent at counter, I went to counter and explained my situation and,  Shauna (spelling?) Started showing a co worker pictures o cupcakes while I stood there, AFTER I EXPLAINED I NEEDED ASSISTANCE, then when I asked her by she felt the. Need to show picture a,while I needed assistant w she threw a fit and handed me a complaint form then stomped into her office like a 2 year old who didn't get a cupcake, she unprofessional and rude#!  greyhound has been a huge disappointment my last 2 trips, from now on I will just rent a car, I don't feel safe on greyhound, the employees have provided more negative then positive experiences.
1 Since they don't have a page for the Glendale station cough Hole In The Wall Station. So I haven't traveled out the Glendale one but have been to the Phoenix Station which is a better one than Glendale. Anyways, got here at 6:10AM, station doesn't open until 6:30AM ..waited until the guy to show up. He was more dressed in Nike shorts and black shirt, something unusual with the rest of the GreyHound Stations. He said my bus was delayed by an hour 55, so the bus hadn't left from where ever it was. After he told some people, most left to go to Phoenix Station but I stayed and that's when he disappeared from the desk. He just surfaced back to the desk at 8:28AM after about 3 people just standing there trying to figure out where he is. I tried to ask him and since I didn't get him, I tried to get GreyHound on the phone which is IMPOSSIBLE because a REAL agent won't pick up unless it's purchasing a ticket. (It's a shame it's almost impossible to get a live person on the phone) so the guy on the phone told me he didn't see a delay and gave me the number to the Flagstaff location which isn't even open until 10AM. Finally, the guy comes back after people were waiting in line and I ask him was there any word/update/ETA. He didn't know what the ETA meant but that's ok, however he was clueless saying he didn't know. The phones been ringing off the hook since opening and it seems like he was ignoring them. This place deserves a one star. I know Greyhound runs on their own time because well it's a bus but at least give an update or something. I've never really experienced such a big delay and I've road the Greyhound cross country to make a gig on time in Chicago from Tucson. All good experiences until I come to this hole in the wall.
