5 I have been going here for a long time now.  The place is clean and well maintained.  Very friendly staff. Always have what I need. The products I buy are always fresh and not stale like the stuff I have gotten at big chains retailers. I own many birds and I get things in bulk here. The dates on the packaging are always current. Good job guys!
5 great and friendly service
4 Great place for chicken feed and all sorts of supplies for your ranch pets.  I came here because they are the only ones that have a treadle feeder for chickens (see my picture).  This thing prevents the squatter birds that constantly feed off our chicken feed that quickly adds up.  The chickens have to step on the front to open the feed area and they are the only birds that can get in their cage and weigh enough to open the feeder.  I have been looking for one of these for over  a year.  You can make one with the instructions on line but I cant make anything so these guys really helped me out.
5 I Love going to this place for my pet stuff!  Everyone here is so friendly, and I really like the idea of supporting a local family run business.  My dog has a sensitive stomach and apparently can only handle very fancy dog food now...bummer!  But these guys carry high quality stuff at similar or better prices than the big stores.  I especially appreciate that they make sure the limited ingredient foods aren't sitting around on the shelves for months before you buy them.  I'm happy, my dog is happy, and it gets better.  I've recently decided to expand my pet situation to include chickens and the Western Ranchman comes through again, baby chicks ordered and due in next month.  Thanks guys, see you again soon!
5 This is the best feed store around. They have good quality, fair prices and the service is amazing.
5 One if my favorite tack stores for all of my horse supplies. Love the local family owned atmosphere. I have been going here for over 16 years and always have the same great experience. They now have a yearly customer appreciation day which is not to be missed. They hand out generous samples, have live band, raffles and really good BBQ. If you don't have horses or livestock they also carry great dog food, ones that are better quality ingredients than you would get from petsmart.
5 One of my favorite tack and feed stores. The staff here is so friendly and helpful! They always go above and beyond :)) thanks WR
