5 This is my favorite Papa John's location in Phoenix! Fast, friendly, and ALWAYS yummy!
5 I was looking up papa johns to order some pizza and I saw some really bad reviews on google so I was second guessing ordering from here but my friend from to Tucson and says they have really good pizza so I order the pizza anyway and it was the best pizza I've ever had! ( they were saying they got sick and they were throwing up and not only on just 1 review) I don't know what the people on google were talking about but I will definitely be ordering pizza from papa johns again!
4 We go to this Papa John's all the time. Service has always been quick and friendly. The one time they messed up the order, I called and they immediately gave a coupon for a free pizza to make it up.  IMHO Papa John's is the best chain pizza out there - much better than Domino's, Pizza Hut, or Little Caesar's (although any pizza is always good).  The only drawback is that delivery can take up to 45 minutes and since the store is less than 10 minutes from my house, I always do carryout.  But, if you're in the area and craving pizza, I recommend this Papa John's.
2 Yikes! Cold pizza when I called in the guy on the phone just acted totally confused & as if he was not responsible in the slightest. $50 of gross! Not ordering from this location ever again. Staff is clueless!
3 I've had pizza from here a few times now, and its pretty good.  I've ordered online twice and carried out once, and two of the three times, the pizza was really good.  The one time I carried out the pizza tasted a bit undercooked. It just didn't taste right at all.  The staff here is friendly, and the delivery times are fairly quick.  In regards to the competition, I have to say, Papa John's ranks a bit higher then the others.  It's not the worst pizza I've , but I actually kind of like it.    I will probably order from them again, and their food isn't half bad.
4 Yes its "delivery pizza", but it is much better pizza then Dominoes or Pizza Hut. I love how they always give you a pickled jalapeno with your pizza in addition to that cup of delicious garlic sauce. The one complaint I have are their side orders. I preferred it when they had Coke products and think their wings are inferior to Pizza Hut's Wing Street's. Having said that, this is that chain you want to order from if you want the highest quality delivery pizza.
5 WONDERFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! Everyone was sooo nice and helpful!! I will def come again!
