4 I work in Tempe and this Counsin's Subs in quickly becoming one of my favorite lunch spots.  They are quick!  I've never waited more than 5 mins for my food.  Usually my sub is ready even before I get my fountain drink.  I love their cold veggie sub but the one that keeps me coming at night is their Italian Special.  I just don't want it to end.  I get it on their Italian bread and they have little containers with vinegar and oil off the to side that I shake up and drizzle on.  Give it a try if you are in a rush and wanting a tasty satisfying sub.
5 One of the best sub places in the valley. When I worked by here, I'd go here nearly every day for lunch.
2 Cheap sandwiches...not to seem like a snob in writing but the décor and menu say it all. This is one of those places I would eat at if there weren't any other options. The food was very mediocre and I'm not sure I would trust the cold cuts. Sorry Cousins...I enjoy you as much as Port of Subs...which is not much.
5 I never thought I would give a chain restaraunt 5 stars, but I work close to work.  I find myself going to Cousins because its priced well and usually before I am done paying for my sandwich, its already made for me.  The owner and her employees are always very friendly unlike the zit faced morons at Jack in the box, Subway or other chains.  The italian sub on italian bread is 10x better than any Subway sub.  well there ya go, take it or leave it, if you want a very quick place to grab a sando for under $6 go here!  Visit me if you are looking for a new car or truck at Centennial Leasing and sales and ask for Gary!  My inventory is at www.autobrokeraz.com
2 I felt lazy to drive to a better place to eat, but since it was next door I came here. The staff isnt the friendlyest and the food reflects it. They are very cheap on the amount of meats they put on the sandwich. You get more at Subway, if you want to compare. Also, for what they charge your better off going to another place. If you want a really good sub sandwich, go to Jimmy Johns. They have much better service, food and always have a friendly greeting when entering or leaving there.
1 Turned into parking lot and there were two ladies on the side of the building smoking. They see me walk in so they come inside. I did not see them wash their hands. Lady who took my order reeked of cigarette smoke.  The combo meal was close to $9. There was not much meat on the bread. Walking out I felt I had been overcharged for a bad lunch.   Before I pulled out of the parking lot the two ladies were on the side of the building smoking again.   Will never go to Cousins again. Too many other sub places to choose from. Even if the price for the combo meal was reasonable the woman just reeked badly of smoke.   Spend less time smoking and more time running your business or soon you wont have a business and you will have all day to smoke.
5 We grab lunch here once or twice a week. The staff is friendly and are quick to remember your name, and even your "usual" order and have it ready for you when they see you walk in the door.
2 Love the sandwiches, still, and am happy to see a Cousin's is opening in Mesa on Greenfield/I60.  BUT, this location on Washington... it used to be great and when I worked in Tempe, I'd drive all the way to get that great Cousin's bread.  Stopped in the other day, very excited to get a Cousins Sub.  Place was messy, HOT (in February), they were out of all but 2 types of bread and were turning some customers away who didn't want the regular Italian white bread.  They used to be friendly; not so much anymore.  Cousins Subs is still the best and I'll be visiting the new one in Mesa, but I won't visit this location anymore.
4 Fill out a survey on line and receive free fries/ bag of chips & a drink with a purchase of a 7 1/2" sub. Yum-O
4 First time at Cousins despite being within one mile for six years.   Tried the Chipotle Cheesesteak on jalapeño cheese bread. It came with thinly sliced beef, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, onion, chipotle mayo and hot pepper relish. It arrived on a soft roll, which is always dicey for take-away.   I normally don't get all the healthy stuff (lettuce, toms or onions) but I forgot to ask about it. It was really good!  The beef was tender and juicy, the spices were spot-on and the veggies offered nice contrast.   I would've preferred a bit of up-sell, since I had never been there. The cashier seemed to want to be done with me tho so I just got the sandwich.   I will try it again, possibly with other choices next time.  I recommend the Chipotle Cheesesteak.
4 Love this spot for lunch! The staff is friendly and they try to get your order down by memory if you come in frequently. I like that they are personable and kind. They have messed up my order twice, but fixed it right away.   Try the tuna! No veggies mixed in so you can get it plain if you are picky like me. Do the survey on your receipt for free chips and a drink!
4 Love this place for a quick easy lunch. I work in the area and it isn't the best part of town and so I am picky about where I go for lunch. The staff here is friendly and quick. They make a tasty sub.
