5 I randomly drove by this place only to realize it was a parking lot.  This place has all the  pros of a small home business,  no bureaucracy headaches, so I never waited longer than 5 minutes for the shuttle, and owners who appear genuinely concerned about their customers.  If you really want to save some money, prepay pay on-line.  Of course this only works if you know your itinerary.  Plus they will try to schedule the bus to pick you up.    Admittedly the place looks a bit shadey, and I feared I would have to pick my car up in Mexico.   Ultimately my greatest fear should have been the two haboobs blanketing my car with an inch of dirt.  There is only non covered parking.    I doubt there are any cheaper places to park your car unless you walk to the airport.
3 So after a few visits,  a quick update.    So the lot is pretty small, so it can sell out, expecially on those must  fly home weekends like Thanksgiving.  Make sure to call the lot before, or make a reservation like a week in advance to secure your place.    Off peak days and off hour pick up may takes time at least 20 minutes,  so plan accordingly.    Not bad for the free spirit, not so great for your busy bodies.    The ideal place for the college student saving money for fun, but not so much for the peeps expecting immediate pick up and tvs in on the ride back.
4 I want to give them 3-stars because of the lady working there, but I really can't complain. $4 a night if reserved online, shuttle arrived within 10 minutes and had us to our terminal in another 10. It was a little confusing pulling in, there's no signage telling people who reserved ahead of time what to do. After we parked, I finally realized there was someone inside. When she saw me she, yelled through the locked door (as I was trying to ask her a question) if I needed the shuttle. The shuttle driver ended up explaining the process of verifying my reservation.
4 UPDATE: So on the return trip, we just happened to be walking out when the shuttle was pulling up, so no wait. Just make sure you tell the driver you are going to Sundance (Sundance contracts "Sky Harbor Parking" shuttles, and only some of the drivers are designated to go to Sundance). Driver was helpful and polite. Tip them if they're good!  Back at the lot in 5ish minutes, only to discover I had left my interior lights on the past 5 days.... Again, the lady working inside was of no help, and told me that all she could do was "call a shuttle driver and see if they have a box". Not sure what that means.  Luckily another family got dropped off as we were walking back to the car, and they were able to jump our car no problem.   Checkout was easy, I pulled up to the window and handed her my receipt I printed at home, and the the ticket the machine gave me when I pulled in last week. If you follow the directions (not really laid out that well) it's a simple process.
3 The price was certainly right - I don't think you can find a better deal for long-term parking near Sky Harbor. That said, you get what you pay for. The lot is not well-lit, and I had some concerns for the safety of my car (which, as it turns out, were unfounded). Just the same, if you have an expensive automobile, you might want to look elsewhere.  High marks to the employees of Sundance, all of whom were very personable and worked hard to provide good service. Be sure and tip your driver!
