4 There are some things that must be experienced in life to truly appreciate: your first kiss, your first fine dining experience, your first swap meet.   Park 'n Swap didn't pop my swap meet cherry, but it did impress me enough to forget about my real first time in Tucson. PnS, situated near the greyhound park, is a sprawling mecca of bargains galore, tchotchkes, crazy crap and some pretty useless garbage. My BFF and I have a method: We case each aisle after we get a beer or two or 5, working our way to the back of the lot. About half way through, we usually stop for wings and fries from Long Wong's, get another beer, then finish off cruising the merchants.   On a side note, I'm hoping to return very soon to scout out a DVD copy of "Teen Witch" so I can have a Top That event.   More than the good-to-great deals, the highlight of your visit to the PnS is people watching. Yes, Indoor Swap Meet used to have the Phony Pony Sisters (bah, where have they gone?), but PnS has such a plethora of Jerry Springer wannabes that it's worth twice--no, thrice!--the cost of admission.   With the light rail station right in front of PnS, it's going to be hard for me to find excuses as to why I cannot get my entertainment and morning drink on in one place. It's my Saturday and Sunday morning therapy.
2 this only gets two stars because it was pure entertainment and I got in for free.  I saw people leaving with bags full of stuff and after walking the entire park all I could think was "what in the WORLD could they have seriously bought?!"   It was a bunch of the most random junk. I think Bacon B put it best "crazy crap and useless garbage" but in a good way, you know? it's totally worth the 2 dollar entry fee if nothing more than the entertainment or most bizarre browsing ever :)
3 I mean if you're looking for useless crap..or just something to do..this is the place to go. I seriously feel like I'm in Mexico again when I come.  I decorate cell phone cases..so I'm definitely here a bit too often, this is where I can get em at $5 a piece.   There's a lot of random crap, but really noone should knock it because this is all pretty much expected out of some swap mart.  This place isn't amazing..but like I said it's something to do. Don't hate.
5 Juicy Couture bags for $45?! This is madness!
3 They have good kettle corn
1 I feel so bad for those live Midget horses. It was so hot out there, and one was limping. My wife was so bummed, and it ruined our whole shopping experience.   Other than that, it's the same ol parkn swap, just getting smaller, and smaller every year.
1 this place blows. how many shoe and embossed Jesus picture dealers do you need? if you're in the market for bootleg stuff and grey market goods this is the place. Could count on one hand how many used stuff dealers there were. save your $2.
3 Ok not the best goods you'll find for a bargain but me and my family just love walking around and seeing all the cool stuff people don't want anymore! Plus they have a hot wing stand that sells pretty good wings! 6 wings and fries for $6! Not too bad! Get the spicy because the hot taste like mild!  There are rides for kids tickets are $1 for one ride and It didn't look worth it for me. The rides looked old and unstable, but if you wanna walk around and see cool stuff I'd stop by here! Admission is $2 and kids 11 yrs old and younger are free! :-)
2 Only good on Fridays. The other days it's just venders. Friday actually has real people selling their own stuff.
3 Large selections of almost everything. Many choices for food. Fun to just walk around and look at different things. Large selection of used cars being sold by owners. Easy to get to and lots of parking. Prices are very good.
2 This is a wonderful alternative to going on vacation at a fancy resort. The options are limitless and the attractions are many. There truly is something for everyone here.   They have a kids area with rides from your elementary school carnival. You know the slide that takes off a layer of skin and shocks your ass all the way down? Also, the tilt-a-whirl, no doubt filled with sun-baked vomit. There is a petting zoo, and you can even feed and ride miniature livestock!  You can buy a bird here, and even get a brazillian wax for $45 from a toothless woman. Dining options include pork rinds, funnel cakes, and snow cones.  In all seriousness, it's only $2, the people watching is decent, they have beer, and you might find something cool. I didn't think the prices were spectacular, but maybe I have unrealistic expectations.
