5 Quick and speedy and we got what we reserved. GREAT! Highly recommend getting a GPS; IMMENSE help in the spread out metropolis. Switching drivers was even easy at the return desk. Friendly helpful staff to get you going. Spend the extra for the GPS.
1 After getting shuttled to the middle of nowhere at 9pm, I had to wait in line for another hour before I even got to talk to an "agent."  There were not a lot of people waiting, it was just that 3 counter people were doing absolutely nothing.  Nobody told us anything, which would have helped, as we waited for another hour for some cars to get brought up.  Finally, I was jokingly offered a 12 passenger van because they did not have enough cars.  Since I was tired of waiting I decided to take it.  At the last minute they managed to find me a normal car.  When I got to the garage, there were dozens of cars available and four people just sitting around in a booth!?  I have no idea how this company has managed to stay in business with people like this working for them.  AVOID!
1 It was strange, I had read a review with regards to Budget today.  I had the same experience with a pre-paid agreement through Hotwire.com.  I used Hotwire to bid and pay for the car in advance (approximately $130.00).  The agent turned around and recharged me the amount plus an upgrade fee of about $40.00.  I was pissed off.  Furthermore, they would not help me with the child's seat in the car.  I did manage to contact me credit card company to have the charges reversed and was successful.  Budget did not relent.  They wanted to recharge me the car rental plus an upgrade.  Never again!
1 Nightmare! Rented from this facility through Priceline for a fair price...$136 for one week. When I realized my car would not be fixed within the specified time, I called a day later and told them....they said not a problem, keep it as long as necessary. I ended up at the end of a 18 day period with a $2,218.00 bill; which I am still disputing. Even though the agent TOLD me my daily rate was $23 a day for every day over, I did not READ the fine print stating it was actually $90; not what she SAID. Thank GOD, for American Express who is helping me fight this issue. No one in their right mind would pay $90 a day for a compact car. They are a shady car company who is loosing their ground to companies like Alamo and Hertz, so take advantage of consumers who don't bother to read the fine print when renting through Hotwire and Priceline. Completely fraudulant.
4 Great experience overall.  I reserved the car through their website prior to my trip.  Once I arrived I rode the rental car shuttle to the large building with all other rental places.  The one downside was that I stood in line for 45 minutes to get my car.  They had 5 people working behind the counter and we moving as fast as they could.  If you use them make sure to sign up for Fast Break and you get to skip the line and go straight to your car.  The car was what I ordered. Simple to pick up. Friendly counter service.  Dropping off was painless and quick too.  I had no issues at all.  I choose my rentals mainly based on price, so I'm sure I'll use Budget again at some point, but I would not choose them over a cheaper competitor. They were good, but not anything above and beyond the expected.
3 Smooth car rental and easy check-in and out... the shuttle service that they use is shared among all the car rental agencies and they take you to and from the different PHX terminals quite efficiently.  The car we got was a bit dirtier than I expected (backseats were stained and we found a used cup under one of the seats), but it worked fine.  My major complaint is not a Budget issue, but more of a Phoenix airport tax issue, where the PHX airport locations have a ridiculous mark-up of about 30% which is steep compared to other airport locations.
3 I rent cars fairly often at Sky Harbor Airport when I fly in, and while Budget did a fine job...I can't attest to them being my favorite...but they took care of me recently when they certainly didn't have to this latest go round.  I recently renewed my drivers license and forgot to bring the stupid piece of paper stating so...anyways, as I'm checking in for my reservation, the gal notices my DL is expired and basically shuts me down.  I explain that I'm a retard and forgot my renewal paperwork and she says, Sorry.  I asked for the supervisor and she came out, I explained my situation and asked her if she had the ability to run my DL (she did) it was good to go and she let me rent the car.  Thank God!!!  My only real complaint, was they are stingy with debit cards...I don't use credit cards AT ALL, and I wanted to upgrade to a specialty car...no-can-do with a debit card...only credit.
1 The telephone agent offered a 25% discount and said we had to wait to get the credit upon return.  After waiting in the longest line ever to get a car the clerk told discount was told we only had the 5% AAA.  They said we could check with them upon return and maybe someone could do something.   Upon return they made us wait forever while the guy called someone who finally said they could do nothing and did not know anything about it.   Seems like we're not the only ones and that this might be a scam by some third party phone sales agents trying to meet a quota or something.  Budget as a national brand should be ashamed of putting a damper on what was a great Spring Training weekend.  Never will do business with Budget again and will tell all my friends.
1 Be very careful! Our trip package included a three day rental at Budget. We decided to opt for insurance as one person driving was not insured. Quoted $50/day for the insurance. Then we were "upgraded" to a midsize car for "only $10 more." When I objected to the ugly old GPS they forced us to take since we already had a new GPS, I was told, "You HAVE to take it. It is included with the package." So you think, an extra $180 isn't great but doable. Then you get your credit card bill which is a whopping $320.   When I called to complain, they said that there was a $45 charge for the GPS and $15 for roadside service and a completely insane (like 40%) tax rate. And that I should have declined it if I didn't want it. (Believe me, I tried--they just kept insisting it was included.)  My advice--decline everything when renting a car from this company. Or renting a car in Phoenix period.
3 A long wait for the car, but generally good service afterwards. The Budget representative made up for the long wait with a couple of jokes to me and a couple of pickup lines on my lady friend. And he expected me to upgrade? I think not. Besides the line, I was signed up and on my way into about 10 minutes. Not too bad.  I learned on this trip that my credit card provides insurance coverage for rentals. So, I'd suggest checking your terms and conditions before loading up on Budget sponsored insurance. It would be a huge money saver potentially.
4 I rented a car for 10 days from Budget. My experience once I got TO the Budget desk was great, but the circus you have to go through to get your rental car is crazy!!! I spent more time at the airport and rental car complex than I did on my flight!!   First you have to go catch a rental car shuttle which has you dodging cars zooming in and out of the pick-up area right outside of baggage claim. Then this shuttle takes you to the new multi-million dollar Rental Car "complex" which is NOT located at the airport, but about 10 minutes outside of the airport. At first I thought "how absurd", but now that I think about it, it's a great idea because it cuts WAY down on the traffic that goes in and out of Phoenix International Airport.   But...they DO pass this "Rental Car Complex" cost on to you in the form of an additional "fee" added to your rental car contract. Mine was $72. Not sure how much it is for shorter rentals, but everyone at EVERY rental car place HAS to pay it regardless.   The line at Budget was not too bad...about 5 of us. But it took 20 minutes for me to finally get up to an agent. They only had 2 agents working so maybe that is why. My agent was very nice but he kept trying to offer me a bunch of extras and upgrades. One of my favorites was the "If you get the bigger car the AC blows better! In the car you have now, the AC isn't as good". I declined and did just fine with the AC in the small car.   After I got my car I went over it with a fine toothed comb and documented all of the scratches, dents, repair marks, etc... Well, the elderly gentleman at the check-out booth was not thrilled with this as he had to fill out a form documenting it all. I apologized and told him it was nothing against him, it was just me being safe. He understood but told me not to worry about "every little ding".   Car rental return was EXCELLENT!! Fastest return I've ever had, ever!! You just pull up, the girl looks over it real fast, hands you your receipt, and you are on your way! Just head straight for the shuttle pick-up area. No returning back to the rental desk.   NOTE: Make sure you get on the RIGHT shuttle bus for your airline terminal. A few people got on my bus for terminal 4 when they thought they could also get to the other terminals. They had to ride the shuttle all the way back to the rental car complex to get on the right shuttle for their terminal.
4 Long shuttle ride from airport!  I mean, like 10 minutes, so give yourself time when you're returning your car.  We got a nice Dodge Nitro for our Intermediate SUV rental, and being part of Fastbreak really helped.  Just check in, all paid for, keys in the car in the designated space...fast and easy.  And, the thing I like about Budget over other rental car places is that I don't have to pay EXTRA for Hubby to drive; I pay for it, he drives, but Alamo, Enterprise, Thrifty, and Dollar (who I've used before) all charge an extra $10 PER DAY (yikes!) for an extra driver.  I'm sorry, but your spouse should be covered; just because I pay doesn't mean I drive.  Budget will have that edge over all others on that matter.  Plus, I get Southwest points for Budget rentals, so that's nice. :)
3 If you rent quite a bit from Budget, then I suggest taking them up on their Fastbreak membership.  Otherwise you'll get stuck in line for 20 minutes like I did.  I prepaid for my car but was able to upgrade to a Ford Explorer for only $10 extra/day...score!  The associate assisting with my transaction was a pro and didn't try to oversell me on purchasing their insurance.  I think the insurance option is a waste of time if you're a careful driver.  But that's the rub; a careful driver will probably mull over purchasing the option.    Oh the irony!  I was really impressed with the Explorer.  It was brand new with only 1500 miles before I stepped in.  Unfortunately, it was a 4-cylinder, which was kind of weird, but I made it work.  I had it packed with relatives for most of my stay.  It sat 7 people with ease and the 3rd row seats fold down for extra storage.  I was able to fit 10 regular-size pieces of luggage and a few carry-ons without incident.  The only problem with the exchange is how far the rental counter is from the airport itself.  Don't sleep...
1 Budget is the KING of HIDDEN FEES!!!  I initially made my reservation over the phone, asking the Budget "nationwide sales" call center how much it costs to rent an "Economy" car for 7 days.  The lady quoted around $240 or $245.  I then told her that their Budget listing on the Southwest Airlines Web site showed a smaller daily fee, and she lowered it to $217 for 7 days, which I agreed to.  Before I hung up, I asked several times if this "$217" was the total that would be billed to my credit card or if taxes and various other fees would be added on.  The lady at the Budget call center said that was the total, with taxes everything included.  When I actually showed up at the Phoenix Sky Harbor rental window for Budget and gave them my reservation confirmation number, the printout showed a total of $271.   My first thought was "WTF!!??!?!"   I told the tight-lipped guy at the Budget rental counter that I was quoted $217, but then all he did was to point out on the printout all of the this-and-that fees added on.  I had declined all other rental options such as other insurance, fuel service, GPS, etc, etc.  After griping at the guy and crying "Foul" for 15 minutes, I ended up renting the car... it was 11:40PM and I was too tired to go shopping at the other car rental companies.   Seven days later, I fueled up the rental car in the early afternoon, drove around Scottsdale to run some errands and returned the car later in the afternoon.  The fuel gauge was still about near the full mark.  But when I turned the car in, the guy turned on the ignition, and added about $34 to my $271 bill for a total of $305.  This was for an Economy car that was originally reserved for $217!!!   The Budget idiot said that the gas tank was not totally full and billed me extra at the rate of $8 per gallon, or adding on another 4 gallons to my bill.  With that small rental car, there was NO WAY that I drove 100+ miles during the few hours that I had the car in Scottsdale!!!!  BUDGET IS A BUNCH OF BAIT-AND-SWITCH CROOKS!!!!!!!  On the Budget Web site http://www.budget.com/budgetWeb/html/en/customer/commonquestions/index.html  , they give the alibi to justify a $8/gallon fuel charge of:  Why do you charge so much to refuel the car?  Answer:  Unless a customer has chosen the Fuel Service Option, which is competitive with local gas prices, we prefer that renters stop at a local station and refuel the car before returning it. If the customer chooses not to do so, we charge a premium for providing this refueling service to them. That charge takes into account both direct and indirect costs of having to refuel and maintain our refueling infrastructure for customers who prefer this service. The charge also is intended to strongly motivate customers to save by refueling the car themselves.    But that BS is just a veil to prevent Budget from getting sued even more.    Budget has a long history of infractions and penalties imposed by the Federal Trade Commission:  http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2007/11/budget.shtm  http://www.ftc.gov/os/caselist/0623042/index.shtm  http://www.ftc.gov/opa/1996/03/budget.shtm  And Budget has been very unethical with their sneaky handling of fuel charges, imposing damage fees, and sneaking other fees to screw their customers as much as possible.   I did not uncover all of this Budget shit until my $217 rental experience turned into $305.  But I guess that I learned my lesson to NEVER RENT FROM BUDGET AGAIN.  Maybe misery loves company, but there are other accounts from people who had their Budget bill inflate from $300 to more than $600.  And if you complain about the bill, either to Budget personnel on the phone or to the car inspector or rental counter person at Sky Harbor, they are all assholes who treat you like shit once they know that they have your credit card number tied up with a rental.
3 This place is okay at best.  BE VEEERRRY CAREFULLLL and dont listen to the Rep's BS.  Any car rental tries to gouge the customer insainely. This place is no different. After 20min of talking, the Rep convinced me into a $6 upgrade. (Wish they didn't even talk)  by the time I left my estimate was $73 up from $33 for one day. I exclaimed but the Rep said they were just taxes and estimate and it will drop to $40 when I return the car and everything checks out.   Turned out the estimate was correct. I spoke to the check out window and they said I was 2min late (due before 12 my ticket was stamped 1155, go figure). So they deducted that but now its $50.   I spoke to the rental counter and the lady played with a calculator for 10min and said she doesn't know. After another 10min she gave me $10 back.   Wish I didn't have to waste 30min of my life talking, but they actually did give me the car for the price originally quoted so they get 3 stars.  So I say just be very careful and dont let them scum you.
1 What a dreadul experience.  I had reserved and prepaid via Hotwire but all these folks do is PUSH PUSH PUSH for extras and more money.  I could hear it all around me. My agent took the cake (think her name was Angela).  I was in Phoenix for a little over a day, and was running late (good old USAirways, landed early but the gate was not free and we were stuck on the runway for almost an hour) for a tight business deadline.  Would I like an upgrade - "we have a really nice BMW for you" - how much is that? An extra $99 per day on top of what I had paid - no thanks.  Well I can get you something more comfortable, or fun like a Jeep Wrangler.  NO thanks, I just want what I paid for.  How about an SUV - No thanks.  I just want the car I reserved (mid-size).  Well sorry - it will be a long wait - the ONLY car available (I was in a hurry) was the darned Wrangler (noisy POS that I totally did NOT want but she was determined to put me in) and then talked me into insurance before she would let me go - with taxes etc $85 for 28 hours.  Never again - I guess I'll book directly with Avis next time in Phoenix.  I never want to use Budget there again.  Thanks Angela
2 This review probably speaks more to the gouging of tourist in the Phoenix area than anything else. First things first the budget staff were helpful and got me my cars pretty quickly. Firstly, getting to and from the facility is an ordeal. Best bet it is 15 minutes each way to get to the rental facility for this place. At worst I waited 10 minutes for the bus then 30 minutes to get to the terminal on the bus (traffic for some reason) and almost missed my flight. Most of the airports I go to are under 5 minutes to the facility or on site. Since budget doesn't run the buses they can't really help the situation but they signed on to this project. Also the buses come way less frequently off hours and there's 2 places to line up so if you're in a hurry you have to have your head on a swivel for where to go.   The other issue with renting a car in Phoenix is all the taxes and fees. After a four day rental my taxes and fees were roughly $90. Which came to an effective tax rate of 57% on my rental car for four days. I do not know any other industry where this would be remotely acceptable. Clearly this is done to gouge tourists and business people visiting the area and get them on the way out so they cannot complain more about this non-sense. If you can go to Phoenix and not rent a car, do it. Otherwise you'll have to grin and bear it.
1 Okay, the car rental hullabaloo often seems to pretty much suck. So I want to separate the whole aspect of renting a car (and the fact that for some reason the PHX rent a car place is about three hours away from the actual airport or something) to what was specific to Budget.  These guys are upselling sons of... you get it. I am so cognizant of this behavior and am pretty much an expert at declining all 3,456 things that they offered me or even pressured me into getting. However, even though I got into the type of car I'd expected without the supplemental insurance, and so on, my bill for the car the next day was TWICE THE COST of my quote from Egencia (the business travel version of Expedia). How is that possible?! It's always very spot on. There were SO many hidden fees and costs, way worse than all the other companies that I've rented from, that I will never rent from Budget again. :(
1 I booked a rental through Costco Travel.....  the line was extremely long( like waiting for a ride at Six Flags).  If you prefer to use a debit card, they will slap $200 dollars more on hold in your account and run a credit check. I think that it's the most ridiculous thing ever.   I hate the fact that I didn't get to choose my car at their garage. A slip was given to me on where my rental is parked, and I had to get to it on my own; without any personal interaction if i had any questions about the vehicle. I didn't like the Ford Fiesta they rented out to me. The breaks were making some sounds....AND!!! it was cherry red. I didn't like a cherry red car.  Other companies gave you options and are more personal. Some even pull the car up for you, and help you put your luggage in the trunk.  I like to be treated like a princess.  Their insurance is also pretty expensive. I was shell shocked and for the very first time, i drove a rental without any form of insurance. Thank goodness, the car was alright. My damage: $152 for a 6day rental. Not bad.
4 I received great service here at the Phoenix airport budget Rent-A-Car Center. True it was my mistake, I accidentally booked my rental car reservation to the wrong airport. When arriving in Phoenix the rental agent Jason was very accommodating. He quickly switch my reservations to the correct airport, found me a reasonable price, and did so without making me feel like an idiot.  That's the kind of customer service you hope for.
3 When we arrived in Phoenix, we took the shuttle to the rental car facility which was really close. There was no line when we arrived and we were helped right away.   We decided to upgrade our sedan to a luxury car and chose the BMW 3 Series for our trip. We were going to be traveling to a couple different cities, so we decided that comfort was worth the extra bucks and we got this baby to go. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EtLM-iRYp3UGOEz4_b0I2Q?select=yxtZReRgIeRPWgyUPhDEww#yxtZReRgIeRPWgyUPhDEww  We did not choose to pre-pay for gas, it really wasn't that big of a deal since our car got great mileage. We did not choose the extra insurance, since my guy's insurance covers other cars in other states. You have to know which options to choose or you can get ripped off.   I loved the car personally. It may have been a little more than we orginally expected to pay, but it was fun and very comfortable while we enjoyed our time in Phoenix.
1 This company said the odometer on my car at rental time was 16,900 when it wasn't. It was about 300 miles more. So their misrecording the odometer info made it impossible for me to use the option to drive my rental car less than 75 miles and pay only $13.99 for gas. I was forced to pre-pay for a full tank of gas, because otherwise they charge you $9 a gallon to fill the tank themselves. And of course, no credit for unused gas.
1 3 months, 22 emails, 10 plus calls and (I think) we have the final refund from Budget!  Stay clear of Budget Rental they DO NOT care about customers or resolving their monumental mistakes!
2 Received a functioning car, drop-off was smooth.  Check-in, however, was ridiculous. Despite NO line, and half a dozen bored counter staff, it took a full 30 minutes to process an existing reservation and procure me an actual vehicle. For the first 10 minutes there was no indication of a problem. For the second 10 minutes, as I looked increasingly impatient while watching the staff member apparently program the space shuttle or possibly update his Facebook status for the 17th time, no indication of a problem and no apology for the time-wasting. For the third 10 minutes, there was a grunt about finding me a car of the appropriate reservation class, followed by an additional grunt about "this would have been a lot easier if you hadn't made your reservation in Hotwire". Really? So if Budget accepts Hotwire reservations but has trouble processing them, that's the customer's fault?  Also - apparently the counter staff communicate with the car moving staff via push-to-talk cell phone. That's fine. Apparently the counter staff also do not know where the charger to said phone is, and spend lots of time yelling at each other about where it is. So, if that cell phone loses charge, does that mean nobody gets a car?    This is my second poor Budget experience in a row in two completely different states. Lesson learned.
2 I used to rent from Budget a lot in Phoenix in the past and I never had any problems, but something has definitely changed . . . flew in on a Saturday morning into a fairly quiet Sky Harbor Airport and went to the rental car center . . . walked past a lot of companies and they may have had (maybe?) 3-7 customers in line at the most . . . got to the end of the center and WOW! - 50-60 customers in the queue!  Really?!?  We waited for an hour to get a car, and watched the line actually get longer!  I ended up with a nice car and the staff was very courteous, but if I had to be at a business meeting, I would have been in real trouble.  Some guy in line joked with me that Budget's staffing is definitely on a very slim "budget" - I couldn't agree more.
1 The worst experience I had for car rental ever. I have been using Budget rental many years (at different locations) and never had any problem.    I went to them with my reservation and showed it to the representative (Dustin). He asked me if I want different car and my answer was no. But he gave me upgrade ($31/day) without any notice. (They seem to do this to many ppl if you read their review.) I had question with final charge but he said the discount will show later (I had a BCD code). It turns out that I was charged for a luxury car. When I complained, they treated me like a liar. I will never do business with someone who never honor their customers.  By the way, their manager even do not know that the time difference between Boston and Phoenix is 3 hours after Mar. 10th (daylight saving). He kept correcting me when we talked on the phone. I don't know who is the stupid guy. Maybe it was really me because I did business with them.
4 Beware that because this is located at the airport there are long lines. Our service representative, josh, was a great help in solving a ridiculous situation we encountered with orbitz.
5 This is more about the rental car terminal than about Budget operations.  My daughter's experience while I waited for her to complete her Budget  reservation seemed fine, however.  PHX has solved the ugly step-child situation that car rental operations cause for most airports.  Cram the check-in desks into the farthest corner of baggage pickup?  Send rental car clients out into the weather, or into funky garages to get their car as well grease monkey attitudes?  Not at PHX.  There are air conditioned coaches dedicated to rental car customers that stop at each airline terminal.  Drivers will actually help you board as well as help to board unwieldly luggage.  PHX has an entire terminal dedicated to rental car agencies.  It's about five miles away from the international PHX, but worth the ride.  You can qeue in whichever agency's lines you choose.  Each rental agency has their own three walls.    After the endless paperwork, you exit the sparkling concourse, visit a booth in the contiguous garage, and walk to a parked car.  If you don't have the correct paperwork, and/or are unwilling to show ID aong with the docs, a weathered, uniformed clerk in another booth is authorized to throw the switch on reverse tire spikes in the exit lane.  That's rental car border protection at its finest..
1 Memorial Day weekend and you have only 4 agents working. It's the second year in a row that we have used budget rentals and we will never go through this agony again. Shame on us for thinking we wouldn't be waiting 45 min in line just to finally get to the counter to be helped. It's a joke have more agents working when you have a line of 20 customers on vacation. This is the last place I want to spend my afternoon while on vacation. Get it together budget. So disappointed. The employees are nice but the structure of being so understaffed is an absolute joke.
1 Rented a minivan for a week online for $470. At pickup they tried every bait-and-switch and salesman trick in the book to increase the cost. They first claimed they had a Kia reserved for me (apparently because many people hate Kias and are willing to pay to upgrade) and I had to say "no thank you" to upgrade requests about 6 times before they finally admitted they didn't actually have a Kia for me anyway but rather a Dodge Caravan. They initially charged me for extra insurance even though I said "no" (be careful not to say "basic" - that means the "basic" level of extra insurance). The pickup was time consuming because of all of their tactics. They quoted me a higher price for adding an extra driver than what was stated on the Budget website. After finally rejecting all of the extras, they gave me a bill for $540, which I had to insist be recomputed because I would not pay more than the $470 I had been quoted online.  The vehicle I received was nice and clean but not well maintained. The windshield wipers were shot and the wheels were not well balanced (the steering wheel shook at highway speeds).  I would rather pay a higher price elsewhere and not have to feel like I am defending myself against attempted scams.
1 Is it possible to give zero stars?   In Arizona on spring break with our two children, I called Budget's customer service to find out about renting booster seats, because it is the law for children our kids' size to ride in one in Arizona.  They wanted $64.00 EACH to rent a used, probably filthy booster seat.  (For reference, a brand new booster seat costs about $25.00 at Target.)  I called "Extortion" and we begrudgingly brought our own as carry-ons on our two flights to Sky Harbor.  Budget gave us a Ford Escape car with a cigarette lighter that didn't work, so we couldn't use our GPS or charge our cell phones on the road.  The washer fluid was out, so we couldn't clean the windshield.  Our flat tire light also went on midway through our trip.  The "manager" was completely unapologetic, blamed us for everything, and told us we had to specify a car with a working outlet.  Seriously?  Isn't a cigarette lighter standard on, oh, EVERY CAR EVER?   It seems dangerous to me, not to have a GPS or phone charger outlet in a car in the desert.  Call me crazy, but that's something I'd guess even the employees of Budget would appreciate.  I wanted a discount or a refund of some sort for all the troubles we encountered, and they told us we should have brought the car back for an exchange.  (When, in the middle of our vacation, while we were 3 hours away at the Grand Canyon, or maybe during the two hours it took standing in line to get our reserved car?)  The manager actually hung up on me once, and had me shaking I was so mad!  A week later, we received two $25.00 vouchers for Budget Rent a Car in Scottsdale.  AS IF.  I wouldn't put my worst enemy through that.  Budget, I truthfully doubt you have anyone with a soul working in upper management, middle management, or customer service, but if you do- please, see my review and others reviews, then look at the reviews for other car rental companies and take this feedback to heart.  NEVER use Budget.  NEVER use Budget.  Never.  Never never never ever.    NO.  Just move on to any other car rental company.  Better yet, buy and sell a used car while you're in Phoenix.  It would take less time than the shuttle and rental counter.   It doesn't matter that you used orbitz.  It doesn't matter that you have a coupon.  Go somewhere else.  Your time and mental health are more precious.  STOP- turn around and go somewhere else!   Never.  Just, no. Don't.  I would rather have a simultaneous Brazilian wax and root canal than go back to this Budget.   Also available:  Thrifty Dollar Enterprise Alamo (But check reviews before renting from any of these!)
1 Edwin the "Operations Manager" is extremely rude and unhelpful. Budget just lost another long time customer over a very small, fixable issue. Budget should replace him immediately, or they will continue to loose more customers.
2 So I recently rented a car from my local Hertz.  This was my fourth time renting from this particular Hertz and every time the service is absolutely perfect and prices are good.  I couldn't let this crappy place go on with my 3 star review.  In light of my new excellent experience I must demote this place to 2 stars.  The Hertz location is in SF, check my other reviews if you wanna see...
5 We rented from this company we had no problem at all. The did give us brand new car with 600 miles on it. Check out was easy. The lady asked us about the insurance and the prepaid gas etc.. We declined and that was it. We booked through southwest web site great rate. Nice car no problems.
5 I had a reservation with another rental company in which I waited in line forever, the customer service was nil, and they 'had no cars to rent'. I headed to the Budget counter carless and stuck at the PHX airport at 10pm. I can't say enough good things about my experience.  The customer service was great and the man that helped me had me checked out and in my car in 10 mins.
4 Got here around 11pm due to our delay from LAX shooting.  There was no line.  Check out was easy, I just declined everything and then went downstairs to pick up car.  Was very easy to find car, load up suitcases and leave.  Returning the car the lady's machine wasn't working so we had to walk to counter to complete return.  The lady at counter was training, she asked for my gas reciepts and I didn't have them.  When I rented car the agent didn't say anything about getting gas reciepts. We brought our own booster seat that we bought from Walmart which was cheaper and we just left it when we returned the car. Had initially booked a compact online with Costco.com but when we got to counter the staff saw how much bags we had and gave us the midsize rate for a full size car.  We got the Dodge Charger which was very comfortable and glad we got a car that had some power since we were going to be driving 2 1/2 hours the next day.
3 Needed a car for a quick one day trip and found a deal on Expedia for $23 per day on a full-size car.  Everything went smooth from pickup to drop-off.  The customer service here was average....not top notch like some of the premium rental car companies...this is very middle of the road.  As long as they offer deals like this, we'll rent from this location again.  Return Factor - 70%
1 Only gave it one star because I can't give them 0 stars. Awful. Arrive at the rental car terminal after a 15 minute bus ride from the airport. At the budget counter is a roped off waiting area. To get in, they check your name off a list, tell you to take a number and a seat. They were on number 28 when we arrived. Our number was 46. Ridiculous. After four hours of flying, an hour in baggage claim and an hour drive ahead of me, nothing makes me happier than cooling my heels for a half hour waiting for the privilege of picking up my car. I'll never rent from them again. This was the antithesis of good customer service. Obviously they're typically this busy. If that's the case, then hire more agents to help your customers. Never again.
1 Take a number and wait. I've had a 12+ hour day of training and airline hell, now I get to wait an hour for what will be a substandard rental car. There are 10 rental stations and only 5 CSR's manning them. Horrendous customer service. My company arranged this rental so I have no choice this time. But Budget - especially this location - will never get my personal rental car business.
1 For people who prepay there should be some element of urgency,  unreal how long its taking. Other car companies have the car waiting.......not Budget, not Budget EVER AGAIN!
1 This place sucks lines are long and the people have no sense of urgency 15 minutes to process one customer and when they finish with the customer ,they walk out  They can pay two people to stand around and do nothing but call out numbers ...yes you have to take a number but they can't staff the desk with enough people so you don't have to stay in line for an hour
1 Stay away from this company! 60+ wait while other companies actually knew how to quickly do the job. Use any other company! Rude employees also!
1 Unbelievable......waited an hr for the bus from the terminal. Then....pick a number at the rental center.....another hr wait.....
2 All these years of travel, first time renting a car.  Good price from an online service.  Had to ask the clerk to repeat her words numerous times.  Seems once they get the script down no one can enunciate.   Nothing at this agency was clearly explained.  In truth throngs of travelers come through, but if your not prepared you could be lighter in the wallet.   Be wary of possible overcharges.
1 Arrived tonight just after our scheduled time and found ourselves grabbing a number like at the dmv. I've come here once before a few years ago and this was not the case. Waited for 45 minutes before getting helped (which for us was 17 tickets being called), and was given a measly response as to why they were the only car rental company in the place with a line like that (we have more cars than everyone else, it's spring training).  One woman's job appeared to be shouting out the next number and being rude to the people who couldn't get the ticket thing to work (it stopped working twice while we were waiting and both times she didn't say a word to the very nice people who approached her and said they couldn't grab a number). I went up to ask her a question when they turned off the "cars available" sign and she made me feel super great with her initial slow blink and one word responses. Great choice for customer service!  We were assigned a car after the standard up-sell attempts and walked down to the lot to find no car in our spot. Two people in the lot were extremely nice and helpful and got us another car right away but it was done so hastily and without checking with anyone that I wondered if that's what happened to our car in the first place.   After being told we would have a full tank of gas and agreed to bringing it back that way, the car was at a solid 3/4 tank.  It was bad enough I don't plan on using Budget ever again.
1 BEWARE OF BUDGET CAR RENTALS:  I reserved a Budget rental in Germany and the ONLY option I requested was a navigation system.  Upon arrival and going through the check-in process, the agent explained to me, there is a refueling option.  She went on to explain: "The way the refueling option works is if you do not return the car full of fuel, you will pay $83.54 Euros."  Because I was flying out early the next day, I made sure the tank was absolutely full the night before.  Upon return of the vehicle, I was charged the $83 Euros regardless.  I contacted Budget and they explained to me that the refueling option did not work the way it was described to me and they refused to refund the money the money to me.  THIS WAS A MISLEADING OPTION AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE YOU AVOID USING BUDGET ALTOGETHER.  I gave them three opportunities to make it right and they refused.!!!  Shame on you Budget!!!  Remember, there are many car rental choices available.
1 I'm giving Budget one star already. After reading bad reviews about other car companies I went with Budget. Don't rent from here if you don't have lots of time to sit in the airport. Every other company I could have walked up and rented a car. Here I'm number 27 - they are on 13 - and I've been sitting here for 20 minutes.
1 They tricked me into buying insurance even though when they offered me I turned it down. I didnt notice it on my bill either till I returned the car. These guys are sketchy RSA: Garret and MGR: Darryl.
1 Horrible waits, bad service. The employees are very kurt from from desk to leaving the parking structure.  What happened to customer service! When I finally dropped of my car, I told them about the trash the was left behind and the dirty windshield and the just said "okay".  Tell me that you'll let your management know, so it doesn't happen again
4 I had a very good experience with Budget at PHX at the end of March 2014. I booked a car in advance on budget.com, so when I arrived at the rental car facility at PHX (you take a shuttle bus to get to all the rental car agencies at the Phoenix airport), I avoided all the long lines that some people here have complained about. I proceeded down the escalator to the lower level where the cars are parked, got in an express line (only 1 person ahead of me) and picked up a car in very little time. One piece of advice: Don't do the gas prepay option; you don't get credited for any gas left in the car upon return. I had almost a full tank of gas when I returned the car and still paid for a tank of gas with that prepay option. That kind of sucked, but lesson learned. I would use Budget again because it was one of the better car rental experiences I've had. If you book your rental car online in advance, it saves a LOT of time.
1 Don't go there, they trick you!  I prebooked and paid my car a couple of weeks up front. I was looking for a mid size car (5 People, 4 Lagguage) to have enough space for two persons without having stuff out of the trunk. I always try to book unlimited miles and a full covered insurance packeage. That`s what I booked here as well.   My voucher stated as a car type "standard / intermediate" similar to a Dodge Avenger.  I don´t knew this type of car, but the key facts were right. I needed this car to drive from Phoenix to Sedona (1.5 hours) and just a bit around to discover the area.  Waiting time was super, just 3 numbers in front of me.   The guy behind the counter was very nice, but now I know he was it just to trick me!  He tried as usually to sell me an additional insurance, but I told him to look at my booking which covers everything. He confirmed friendly "Oh, yes, your are right. What I am talking about".  He asked me what car I want. He has an Impala and a Malibu? Because I didn't know the cars I said to him that I don' t care, as long as the car has enough room.   He told me the Malibu would be nicer because it has a 6 cylinder engine and this would be better for my drive to Sedona.  At this point I was still impressed how kind and service orientated he was.  We went to the paperwork and he explained me everything what will popup on the touchscreen which I had to sign. Of course (unfortunately)  I was not reading every line in this contract.  Finally he gave me the papers and explained where the car was located. So far so good. I found the car and had a good time with it. I told my wife about the nice guy and the service.  4 days later, when I came back I did the checkout. The guy who scanned the bar code gave me a paper strip with the words:" Everything is ok, there is nothing exept your upgrade"  Upgrade??? I have never booked an upgrade!!!!  I went again to the counter (lukely I had enought time before my flight) and spoke to an employee. She asked me to bring the original contract, which I gave to her. I explained that I have never upgraded and neither asked to do it.   I have booked a car for $155  and now I should pay additional $179 for an upgrade. Who books a car for $155 and afterwards more than that again for an upgrade?  She told me that she has to asked the manager. My feeling was now that this situation and complain was nothing new to her.  The manager came and explained me that I have signed everything. I told him that if I would forced to read every line in a rental car agreement it would proably take hours. Nobody would do that. Customers have to trust the companies and the employees.  He explained me that he would read everything before he would signed it. He then said something to his employee and left without any further word to me. She started to enter something into the computer, without telling me.   She handed me a new printout.  I asekd her if everything has been credited now so that there is a zero balance.   She took the paper back, looked at it and confirmed "yes".  I looked at the paper and in deed the last line showed "Your total due: $0.00"  I thanked her and went to the airport to get my flight. I was lucky and hoped that the employee would have to explain it to his manager with some consequences.  At home I checked my account and saw that I have still paid  $115.56 for the upgrade. They tricked me twice!!!  So be aware of what you sign there. If you read all the reviews you will see there is a red line. That´s their way to get your money. Don´t belive what someone tells you. Take your time to read every line and number on your contract.  But much better and easier: AVOID such companies!!! There are several other out there and your total will be much less at the end!  Never ever Budget!
1 On May 22, 2014 I agreed to rent a small car for 3 days. I was quoted a rate of $170.67 and the vehicle was priced at $36.00 per day. I returned the vehicle on May 25, 2014 only to be charged $415.75 and was being charged $44.00 per day. When I called to figure out why I was being charged an additional $245.75 I was told that the blonde lady who rented me the car up sold me on services I did not agree too. In fact, the whole time I was there I told her I could not afford more then $200.00 and she assured me that $170.67 is all I would be charge. Every question I asked she lied about costing me an additional $245.75. She lied about what would happen if I returned the car early and the amount of the rental. This was my first time renting with this company and it will be my last. They are completely negligent when it comes to customer service and will be deceitful when it comes to billing your account. Please be careful when renting from this company, they will drain your bank account.
1 So yeah.  Zero stars for this place.  I went for spring break with my fiance.  I get that part of this has to do with the fact I am there in a high tourist season, however our hotel at a decent place was less that what it cost us to rent a Kia Soul.    We were not allowed to change our car even though we had no desire to be driving that.  We were basically harrassed about insurance for ten min.  They told us that we had to top off the fuel within a five mi radius and bring in a receipt with this information, as that failure to do this would incur a penalty.  To put another driver on the vehicle was more than twenty per day.  In some cities in a non tourist season you can get an economy car for that price.  The USB connection ports didnt work so charging iPods ect wasnt going to happen.  The major complaint happened at check in.  We were in a rush and I left some items in the vehicle.  I noticed that I left them when I was in the line for Southwest (that was a horror show as well), I called three times from the airport, once from the plane and once from our layover.  Then I called from St Louis where we landed.  Each time leaving messages.  I got a call a day later.  A majority of the items werent found.  The woman in the lost and found was nice, however couldnt explain what happend.  I spoke with her manager who told me that she would look in to it and call me the next day.  That was three months and five left messages by myself ago.  All she needed to do was say that they looked at the video tape.  Thats it.  I heard story after story from the Lost and Found woman about what they did, however it really never made sense.  Why some and not all of the items were recovered doesnt make sense until this day.  So while I understand that I didnt have to go to spring training and then it was my fault that I lost things, this was a rip off with a serious lack of courtesy to the end user.
