5 Great place right in the middle of town.  All types of wood for any purpose.  This place has wood for smoking meat, wood for the fire pit, wood for camping, and wood for the fireplace.  I bought an outdoor fireplace and was tired of the crap they sell at QT and the like.  Found Berry Bros online, drove in, loaded the truck myself, done.  I will never buy wood anywhere else.
4 Usually I cut my own wood, but middle of last winter I found myself in a pinch running out of wood and having no time to cut more.  Went to Berry Bros and purchased a cord of mesquite.  Apparently they get it from Hyder AZ.  It's good, dry mesquite and has burned well, and I still have some leftover for this winter.  Many of the pieces are very large, and since it's mesquite, you would need a VERY big fire to get some of these pieces to burn.  I used my axe (and even my maul a couple times) to split the pieces into smaller burnable ones.  My only gripe would be that most of the pieces of their mesquite are not cut at even angles on the ends, so they will not stand up on their own when you set them down vertically to split.  I needed to use a wedge the majority of the time so the logs would stand up on their own  Again this is a small gripe, but for what I spent I would like the wood to have even 90 degree angles on each side to facilitate easier splitting.  I will be back again if I find myself running out of wood this winter.
5 Outstanding customer service!!! Great camping firewood bags!!! HUGE bags of high quality, long burning wood for $10!! Cannot be beat!!!  Cash, check or use the ATM they have in the office ($2 fee).  http://www.bbfw.com/
1 I've purchased wood here for years, and recommended this business to friends.  But today, I pulled up to purchase a couple bags of wood, and the employee who was supposed to be selling me the wood took a look at my "Obama 2012" bumber sticker, took a few steps back, and then said sarcastically "well, i GUESS I will still help you, even though you voted for Obama".   Not only was this rude, but none of your business.  You are in the business of selling wood, and I guess also you are in the business of trying to insult your customers.  Sour grapes cause your candidate lost the election? Keep that to yourself, Sir, and just load the wood in my car.  Rude.  Poor customer service. Inappropriate.
5 This place is great. Every year we buy our firewood here. Very reasonable prices and they load it for you too! While the don't take credit or debit, they take cash and check. Great selection, great prices, excellent service! You have a forever customer!!
4 Went today to pick up two bundles of the Alligator Juniper. This stuff smells so good on a chilly evening. Just make sure you bring cash!
