5 Great sandwiches for lunch, offering artisan breads and fresh garnishes. Hearty soups and salads are also available; check out their Lenten specials this time of year.
4 I've reviewed this on another post, but this one has a picture and probably getting more noticed. Seriously, this place has some of the best soup I've ever tasted. Today, I tried the white bean soup and it was perfectly wonderful! In addition, I had the classic turkey sandwich, which was on sourdough bread with swiss cheese, lettuce and tomato. Yummy! The turkey is real..meaning it isn't that watered down deli junk you see so many places.  In addition, they have a couple of freezers where you can buy ham bones (to make your own soups), soups, side dishes and turkeys and hams.  This place is REALLY good for soup/sandwiches and the people that work there are so friendly you'd think you were in the heartland!
4 The food was excellent as were most of the staff. The guy who took my order was very curt, borderline rude. Put him in another position and this place is a great lunch spot!
3 To start with the good, the sandwich was delicious. I ordered the turkey bacon ranch and it was on par with what you can expect from a cafe deli. The turkey was savory, the bacon was crispy, the produce was chilled, and the bread was fresh. If we're going on food alone, it was a home run.  The ordering experience was another story. The young girl who initially helped me was great. She was new and seemed to not know of the processes, but she was certainly trying and I can't fault that on her. Unfortunately, her manager was not nearly as supportive. It took the young girl almost 5 minutes to drag this woman (the manager) out of her office to fix a problem on the register, and when she finally made it to the front of the counter, she didn't even say hi or acknowledge I was even standing there. There wasn't even what would closely resemble a smile on her face.  If that young lady who served me happens to be reading this, you were great and this review doesn't reflect you. I only hope that in the future your management team gives you the support you deserve.
3 Not impressed. Customer service we received wasn't up to par -- guy wasnt able to answer simple questions regarding products they sell. Spoke with store manager who took care of the situation really well, but not blown away with their products. Ended up throwing a Turkey in our roaster bc everyone was disappointed on Thxgiving :/
4 If you're a part of my family you know that no holiday is complete without a Honey Baked Ham.  We came in here to purchase a ham for Easter and I was really surprised by everything they had to offer other than ham! All these delicious looking condiments and RUM CAKE!   It took us awhile because we had to look at everything they were selling. Eventually we picked out three different style condiments; Spicy Chipotle Mayo, Honey Mustard Mayo and Horseradish Sauce.   We arrived at the counter and asked the gentleman a couple questions about the ham we wanted to purchase. He said he was a new employee and would find out the answers for us. I really appreciate that he was willing to step away and help a customer other than just attend to the register.  He came back with the answers we needed and we decided to buy an 8 pounder.   As always the service we received was fantastic and the ham tastes delicious! I would like to come back here to try some of the sandwiches they have to offer, and buy a rum cake!
