1 I had a bid done and after a couple weeks I called back to have the work done, and the person that did the bid wasn't there any more. (should have been a red flag). So I was told to call another person. I called and left a message, I hear back from him a week later... he told me they would honor the bid but would need a faxed copy of it, it being 2010 I asked if I could email him the original bid that was EMAILED TO ME? He said that he didn't have email so no, I would need to fax it like it was 1993. I did that and didn't hear back form him... and didn't hear back from him... finally I called and left a message again, and I didn't hear back from him. FINALLY, after calling twice I cot a hold of him... He said, he would have the installation people give me a call. They did and set an appointment. The day before the appointment, I got a call from a Baker secretary asking for my credit card information... ? I asked why and she explained that they were going to need to have it to pay for the insulation, i asked if we would pay when the work was done? She said, no it works better if they take my credit card... So i agreed BUT stressed the fact that I did not what to be changed for work that was not done yet... as you can probably guess, they went a head a charged my card. I called and asked why they ran my card... she explained that it was company policy. I talked to another sales guy who said there was nothing he could do... I left a message for "Mr. Fax" and still have not heard back.  The next day I get a call 3 hours before the appointment saying that they are at our house ready to do the insulation. I explain that the appointment is in 3 hours and that no one will be there until the allotted time, as it was a APPOINTMENT. He is a little miffed because he was about to get out early for the day but instead has to go and pick his nose for 3 hours...  Over all Banker was a disaster... I would not recommend using them to put insulation in a dog house.
5 Very professional. The quote they gave was very reasonable. My house stays warmer now in the colder weather, and is even cooler when it is hot. My utility bills have gone down because of the work they did on my home. I would recommend them.
5 Recently, I had Banker Insulation upgrade the insulation in my attic and was extremely pleased with the positive results it has had on keeping the heat inside my home throughout the past colder months. These guys had a great eye for detail and completely treated my home as if they were working on their own. I will definitely recommend Banker Insulation to anyone who is looking for an established reputable company that stands behind the quality of their work!
5 Banker insulation had the most professional and knowledgeable staff! They re-insulated my home in a timely manner and were so helpful in helping me figure out what I needed to know. Thanks to Banker Insulation, my energy bills are now lower! I'm so happy with their service!
5 Half-house remodel. New construction. Called Banker got a great quote. They showed up on time prep'd it right and even noticed some things that needed to fixed before they blew in the product. Blew it in, did more than quoted. Swept and cleaned it all up before they left. Would recommend these guys!!  The trick to any work done is to treat the people right the second they come to your house. Say hello, ask their names, offer water etc. Don't assume you are king, you are paying them so they serve you. Treat people with a little respect and they will do right by you. Arrogance on a homeowners part gets you nowhere!  Love these guys!
5 Banker came out to do a bid on some additional cellulose insulation in our attic.  Instead, based on recommendation by Grant Gosselin due to the allergy issues I have, as well, poor attic design (which had little/no insulation in spots) we did Spray Foam Insulation.  Let me tell you, amazing.  There was 2 step process, the first part went well and our whole home was slated the week after Memorial Day.  Due to some scheduling issues, there were delays which could have pushed the Foam for an entire week.  Grant stepped up and got 2 crews on a Saturday to complete the job.  As well, we had 2 additional visits to clean up some issues  While the issues were minor, Grant and Banker got everything taken care of with flying colors!  Now our AC is running at a max 5-7hrs a day (compared to 24x7) during the heat.  The energy savings is amazing and I would highly recommend anyone in the valley to consider spray foam.  While it costs more up front (and there is some HVAC work to be done) the long term savings are incredible!
