2 Third dealer of the day  and  things are not so bad  yet not improving.   We've had a rented Taurus for 3 weeks and have come to appreciate that while Ford had issues they seem capable of knocking out a good car ( I mean  the ones in Europe don't all suck:) ).  Tried out the Fusion. We have  love hate relationship with the car we actually like it but hate the hell out of the central console  unless it has a nav unit covering it up:) The sync, nav console is kinda cool in function too. So  we want a  fusion with the nav package , no sunroof.    1st thing they had us drive.  the really fast one, Not the engine we wanted, but hey, try again, nope can't do that. In the end they said they don't have what we want but 6-8 weeks they could get one. Why can't we be told this at the time of our request?   We say , we'd like, you say, nope that isn't standard  not F around trying to fit us into your stock.    We've had prior issues here. Tried to buy a Ford Hybrid last year and , well they showed us non hybrid, then another , then tried to sell an Edge, seriously we asked for a car that took them a while to admit they didn't have. Could they get one? They didn't care so Honda ended up getting the business that time.    This time it was Mini. ( yep we set out to buy a big car and ended up in a small one)
4 Been coming to them for car service since relocating to Phx 3 yrs ago and nothing less than top service.  Professional and fast
4 I am in the market for a new car.  I have not bought one yet, but still wanted to give a shout out to John Surpenan,tHarley Williams and Alex Coletta at Bell Ford.  What nice guys.  They spent a lot of time with me, worked really hard to get my business and did not turn on me when I decided I had to do some more checking.  The push was not too hard and i liked the dealership a lot.  If you want a Ford, look no further than these guys.  It is worth the drive.
1 I have bringing my car here for service every 5000 miles for 4 years. They are consistently slow and give no information as to the progress. Simple service such as an oil change will take up to 4 hours when the car is dropped off first thing in the morning. I will not be coming here for service again. This happens every time.
1 Terrible Service,,,my advice = avoid this dealership at all cost. I took in my Ford vehicle running on it's jump-started dead $120 FORMOCO 100 month warranty battery at age 40 months.  No cars in service line, 6+ service advisor's standing around plus the "Service Manager", all doing nothing at 10AM.  I was told I would have to wait until late in the day for a mechanic to check battery for $75.00 and if found defective Parts would replace it prorated.  I complained that if it was a NAPA, O'Reilly or Walmart, etc. battery it would be checked immediately by any available employee, replaced by same and I'd be on my way.  I have done this many times US wide. Nope, No, Nada!! Did I want to wait or get a ride?  I said neither!! I removed the battery myself, took it to parts counter where it was exchanged for a new same battery for $58.  I replaced my battery and left.  ANGRY.  What took me 15 minutes was to have taken me about 6 hours because of this Ford Dealer's stupid "policies"...no wonder China is kicking our US Butts.  Hello, Ford Motor Co!!!!!!!  Goodbye Bell Ford in Phoenix, AZ.
2 Came here with my parents a few years ago to  buy a car, so this review is a bit dated, but hey. Better late than never.  Going in, it was your typical dealership. Salesly people, nothing really impressive, and I felt like we were there until midnight going over paperwork. My parent's didn't really get any sort of "deal" on their car, since it was a non-ford traded in Nissan, and they left a little unhappy but at least with a car.  I would go here as a last resort, and never for car servicing unless you own a ford. They don't know crap about other vehicles and will charge you an arm and a leg.  Car dealerships being scammy? What!? Who'da thunk!  Unimpressed.
1 Poor Customer Service.  Fake promises.  Overall waste of time.
1 This place is horrible. They give you the run around fake promises. I made the mistake of over paying at Bell Ford..so much so...one year later I was 10k upside down....for an escape!!!! Anyways I decided to get it if that car and buy a different one. Anyways trying to get a refund for the matience, gap, and extended warranty was such the ordeal. They are awful. Under no circumstances should you purchase from these scum bags!!!! Do yourself a favor elsewhere for your ford!!!
5 Bought a used car from John Cote. Class act. Not only does he know his product but he listened to how we wanted to buy. He and his manager made the transaction easy to understand and fair. I know dealers have to make a profit but they found a middle ground quickly and we are glad we stopped in. Thanks.
1 Do not give these guys your real phone number!  They have probably called me 30 times and sent 5 emails in the last 2 weeks.  I have asked to be removed from their list several times, I keep blocking their numbers, but they keep calling from various numbers!
3 I've been here for an oil change and a repair and both took longer than expected.  It seems time moves more slowly here somehow.  But, today was a much better experience.   Paul was my service manager and though it was lunchtime, he got my battery tested and replaced in record time so I could get to work.  thanks, Paul!!
5 Own a 2007 Ford F-150. My son is in the Army and taking it to Germany. We met the service advisor, Joe H. Told him our situation, had a list of repairs needed and told him that the truck needed a safety "once-over" ....and that I needed it back in two days. To my surprise they found several major issues (brakes, steering, radiator) that could have been really dangerous if driving on the autobahn. Joe called me, explained the issues, knew he had the parts available and made it all happen in the very short timeframe we had. When my son picked up the truck you could see that Joe had taken real pride in making sure the truck was ready (and safe) to be shipped overseas. They could have easily "taken-us" for big $$$. Instead the price was fair and they gave us a "military discount." REAL AMERICANS like Joe H. work at Bell Ford. :-)
5 This review pertains specifically to Darren in the Parts Department.    After doing some off-roading, my F-150 dropped a clip/bolt assembly that kept one side of the skid plate in place.  Based on the parts diagram, Darren ordered the correct replacement part, but when it arrived, it was a different size than the original part.  So Darren climbed under my truck to check it out, researched the issue, then ordered the correct parts.  He called me when the parts were in and even offered to help install them.  It's highly unusual to find such excellent service from any retail operation, much less for a sub-$15 sale.  Thanks, Darren, and well done!
1 If they get your phone number you're toast.  I've asked to be taken off their list numerous times.  Since you can purchase the same vehicle at another Ford dealership, I'd highly recommend doing so.
1 Well what can I say I love 2011 f150 , but I'll tell you this! As soon as I got around 5000 miles on my truck I noticed that my tires were all dry rotted and chunks missing . I thought well that's ok cause I made a large mistake by buying a tire warranty. When I bought it they told me everything was covered. The dealership nor will  Michelin  will touch this issue. Found out from research there are tons of people with the same  issue . Wow !  After this I removed my stickers that say Bell Ford! So next time you go to buy a truck or car  from Bell  Ford , think twice.  They will fight you on small issues . Bottom line Bell Ford gives loyal Ford owners a bad taste in their mouth!
1 Update on this issue. I get a email telling I didn't know where I bought my truck nor did they offer such a warranty for tires. Then the person asked me to remove my review. It just gets better, so I call and speak with a G.M at Bell Ford in Phoenix Arizona with the first name starting with a "K".  He gets all my info and says I will pull your file and get back to you about this issue. Well I will tell you this......still waiting!  I'm a pretty mellow person and not much of a complainer. But this is getting ridicules! So again I say be very careful about where you buy your next car or truck.  When I bought this I was mis lead about what this warranty covered.They told me it would cover anything on the tire or wheel. My tires within 5000 miles were dry rotted and chunks coming off the treads. I guess the only thing it covers if I run over a nail they will plug it. Boy did I fall for it. Over all I love my 2011 F150 super crew Eco boost! Just this issue with my tires and people not wanting to do anything with this just makes me a little upset!
1 Not sure what the finance guy here was thinking when I went in to visit today to discuss my trade in, financing, and price of their 2014 f150 .. he tried to sell me a truck that has an MSRP of 36,740 for 41,000....LOL..my god!! Really guys??  You know exactly what options I needed, you have the truck on your lot which I test drove...do you think I do not know the MSRP on a vehicle??  Maybe they judge you by your appearance or something, who knows...avoid these guys.
1 Dont go here they are idiots.Let me put it this way detectives arrested the finance director Darlene phoenix and put her in hand cuffs. they have fellons with credit fraud working there now and one of the desk guys Teen Dierks staged his own truck to get stolen so he would get the insurance money after financing his own deal and cutting himself back and check for $5,000 then having somebody stole his own truck and then have insurance pay off the vehicle. now he's a desk manager how do you like that! kapoweeee.
2 Anyone ever wish buying a car was easy. I absolutely hate playing the negotiation game. My experience was good with my rep until I get to prices. Full boat on price, half the value on my trade in and no where what was reasonable on interest rate without even  asking about my credit ( which is great). The price difference from other dealerships was way off base. Just shot me straight and give out good deals and you'll sell more cars.
