5 Dr Ashley Bensfield is absolutely awesome. I was recently referred to the Veterinary Neurological Center by my vet when my dog became very ill.   By good fortune, I was assigned an appointment with Dr Bensfield.   She was super knowledgeable and observant.  She had a wonderful "bedside manner" with both my dog and me.   Her skills in making preliminary diagnosis and an explanation of alternative causes inspired confidence in her abilities. It provided understanding of the situation which was a relief after many days of uncertainty and confusion.  Unfortunately, after a subsequent MRI, my dog's condition  was determined to be the worst of the alternatives, which was critical and irreversible, and he was summoned to doggie heaven way too soon.   It gave me great comfort to have Dr Bensfield as a resource at a most difficult time.
1 I had a complete opposite experience with the Vet Neurology Center.  After keeping us waiting for over 8 hours for X-rays and an MRI (a process that should have taken 2-3 hours at most), and charging us exhorbitant amounts of money, they did nothing to help our dog.  I supposed there was really nothing they could do.  But forcing her to spend her final hours in their depressing building was unnecessary, I believe.  And they could have at least faked a bit of compassion.  We sat for hours in their sterile waiting room, worried and wondering.  The receptionists acted like we were just a bother to them.  The doctor promised he would call and follow-up.  We are still waiting for that call.  It was an awful experience.  If you can avoid the Vet Neurological center, you should, IMO.  You may have no choice if your regular vet suggests an MRI.  But be prepared to be treated without compassion.  And bring your life savings.  You may need that -- and more.  Good luck.  I hope your experience is better than ours was.
1 As an update, more than three weeks have passed, and we still have not received a follow-up call from the doctor.  The only vet we have ever had who failed to follow-up...  I'm disappointed, but not surprised.  And frankly, after all we've been through, we would rather not talk to him again.
4 At first glance, my Yelp buddies may be thinking "Finally!  She's put the lid on that can of crazy and adopted a new pet!  Too bad it needs a neurologist."  Well, no I haven't. That shows you what my list of unfinished reviews looks like.  So here's my review from my August 2011 visit.  Rest assured, it was so traumatizing I can accurately remember the pertinent details.  After my kitty suffered a severe seizure, losing her eyesight, the emergency clinic recommended a neuro consult as they were unable to pinpoint the cause.    So we loaded up our already deaf, now blind, and extremely pissed off family member into the car and  headed from one hospital to another.  The facility is in an odd industrial area, but it was very clean and the staff friendly.  We were greeted promptly and had a minimal wait.  Suzi was first thoroughly examined by an resident.  She was minimally cooperative, but he was good with her.  He then took her to another room for a second examination by a neurologist, Dr. Evans.  We were not offered the opportunity to accompany Suzi, but we were not exactly at the top of her list anyway.  Following Dr. Evan's exam, he did meet with us to report his findings.  His best guess was a brain tumor, but in absence of an MRI, he could not be certain.  We discussed treatment options; however, as she was already 19, I was not willing to consider surgery or radiation.  He suggested a course of steroids which could reduce any swelling causing the blindness.  The only thing preventing me from a 5-star review was the topic of the MRI.  While I did not feel pressured, I was encouraged to move forward with it for a definitive diagnosis even after I expressed concern over her age and current weakened state following the seizures.  I asked if the MRI were positive what conservative treatment was available.  The answer...a course of steroids, the same thing if it were negative.  I fully understand it was their obligation to communicate all available diagnostics and treatments available, but I also understand that I could have easily been swayed to spend $3000 just for peace of mind in my case.  The steroids did appear to help as Suzi's sight returned and she had 3 more months seizure-free.  Dr. Evans' best guess diagnosis appeared to be accurate, as she did exhibit additional symptoms pointing to a brain tumor just before we euthanized her.  I would not hesitate to trust this facility again should the need arise.
1 Be very careful if you decide to take your pet here for tests.   I went there last week on the recommendation of a local vet after that vet took x-rays of my 11 year old lab's spine and saw something that looked suspicious.  The resident I saw, Dr. Phillip Schissler, after examining her (and her x-rays from the first vet) recommended a whole slew of tests totaling over $3200 so that they could make a define determination.   I only approved part of the tests, despite their urging to put my dog through all of them and it turned out to be cancer.  There's not a doubt in my mind that  this facility already knew what was wrong with my dog after looking at the first set of films that I brought in, yet they had the audacity and the lack of ethics to prey on my emotional state to push for very expensive tests that weren't needed. Even after they told me that she had cancer, they pushed to do a biopsy to determine what kind of cancer and I said no.  She had to be put to sleep 3 days later because the cancer was so advanced so certainly a biopsy wouldn't have been needed.   DO NOT let them push you into paying for tests that aren't needed or don't make sense and question every recommendation they make.  Shame on this center for preying on emotional pet owners when they already know what's going on - do the right thing and don't put pet owners through any more undue hardship because you have business goals and want to line your pockets with our money.
5 I'm writing this review because when my girlfriend and I were trying to find somewhere to fix our dog I wasn't sure I was going to go here bc of some of the yelp reviews.  Yes, it's ridiculously expensive to do testing and operations on your pet, but it's like that ANYWHERE you go. Yes, they are a business and keeping a team of friendly helpful staff and knowledgable doctors is not cheap, they make money off if their testing and surgery. Like any other center of this type.  Our dog Betty woke up paralyzed one Sunday morning at my girlfriends moms house in AZ we got in the car and drove out from LA as soon as we could to get her to see someone.  We were recommended to go here from another very knowledgable vet in Arizona. From the beginning the staff here was nothing but helpful. They fit us in the same day to see someone and were so kind through the whole process. They needed to do additional testing on Betty bc X-rays were not showing something out of the ordinary to explain the paralysis. Let me note here though that we didn't ever feel the doc was pushy about doing the surgery. He have us the statistics of her walking again and explained other options for treatment if surgery was going to be too expensive. We decided that if they found she had a bulging or herniated disc, which he suspected, we would do surgery. The price tag was huge for us but the staff helped us every step of the way through applying for care credit for half and then setting up a payment plan through them for the rest.  Betty is now on her way to full recovery and it had everything to do with this place. I told myself if this worked out I would write a review about the WORK they do and our experience of the staff, instead of complaining about the price.  Thank you everyone from the bottom of our hearts for giving Betty her legs back! Don't think twice about taking your pet to this place. Yes, they might need to run tests to make a diagnosis but you are in great hands.
5 I had my reservations at first but Dr. Knowles really tried to help my boy.  My 12 year old Great Pyrenees lost function of his hind legs and was treated for polyneuropathy, after a week of treatment the doctor herself called to see how he was and wanted an MRI of his spine to make sure she didn't miss anything...sure enough he had 2 herniated disks! Unfortunately they found pneumonia and started treatment.  We had to take him to a 24 hour hospital early in the morning and even with knowing Dr. Knowles would be on vacation for a few days she still kept her direct phone on to keep in touch with the emergency veterinarians!  Not to mention the staff I dealt with was amazing and a special thanks to the business office for all of their help!
5 The staff here really took excellent care of my chihuahua. Dr. Knowles is great and the entire staff is always so friendly! Took my dog here for an MRI which is expensive, but thankfully I have pet insurance which covered 90% of it. He stayed there over a weekend and they even let me come in on a Sunday when they were closed to come in and visit him. I'm in here twice a month now until he's completely healed and I am so thankful for this place!
5 We brought our Sadie girl here (female boxer) to be checked out for her legs. Based on her symptoms Dr. Plummer pretty much had an idea of what she has; degenerative myelopathy. Instead of having us go through extremely expensive MRI's and xrays he suggested that the most cost effective plan would be to genetically test her for Degenerative Myelopathyuch first. This only cost a coUple hundred compared to the thousand or so it could have cost for tests that probably wouldn't have led to a diagnoses. It's nice going to a vet that understands how expensive things can get and give you options. To us it showed that they care for their patients more than bringing in another dollar.   Dr. Plummer had a wonderful bedside manner. He was sincere in his concern and examined her thoroughly, testing her reflexes as well as her eyes. He basically checked her from head to toe. He personally called me to break the terrible news about Sadie's positive test results for the disease. I felt he truly nOt only cared for Sadie and was saddened by her diagnoses but he also had concern for us. He let us know if they're was anything we needed we could always call or come in. He even offered to do check ups on Sadie over the course of her diseases progression.   The staff is also very personable, friendly and caring. Also another yelper commented on the expensive tests but anyone who owns pets knows how expensive veterinarian care can be which is why Pet insurance is available but also this office accepts Care Credit cards which for us was a lifesaver. If you're worried about cost apply for a Care Credit card. Plus they're not only good at vet offices but also at dental offices, eyes doctors, imaging and more.   Overall this is a fantastic office with wonderful staff and vets who love their furry patients as well as their humans. If We ever need their assistance in the future for Neuro vet care we'll come here first.
