5 I needed new blinds for the house, so I went shopping.  I checked out 3-Day Blinds, Lowe's, The Home Depot, Budget Blinds (McNeil St.), & Ambassador Blinds.  I decided to use Ambassador because:  *  I called them in the morning & they agreed to come out at MY      CONVENIENCE, the SAME DAY to do the survey for my blinds!  *  The survey was FREE.  (The Home Depot wanted to charge me $50, &       Lowe's $35!  Can you imagine?)  *  I wanted a price for either vinyl blinds or faux wood.  Yes, VINYL was      OK!!  Whatever I wanted was OK!!  Two of the other places tried to push      me into aluminum blinds, which kids ruin the first time they get near      them!  (Can I PLEASE, PLEASE buy what I want?¿?  Thank you!!!)  *  Rep. Joe Del called me back before the end of business that day with      exact prices for either premium vinyl blinds (metal headers), or faux      wood blinds, as I had requested.  *  I decided on the vinyl blinds, & my price was only $904 for blinds for      TWENTY THREE windows,  INSTALLED, tax & all!!    When my custom-made blinds arrived from Kansas, friendly technician Alfredo, with DECADES of experience, came over & installed them (in my challenging concrete walls!) perfectly in one day.  I'm 100% satisfied with my new blinds & the service I received from Ambassador Blinds.
5 I needed blinds for the new casa - I called Ambassasor Blinds after reading a Yelp review, Joe Del came out the next day, free of charge to look at my windows. Joe asked alot of questions and really got to know my taste and style and vision for the house - he recommended cordless blinds and i decided to give it a whirl. After the blinds came in, Alfredo came out and installed them - he was very pleasant, needed no babysitting :) and installed all the blinds quickly. My boyfriend and I love the way the blinds look and work but we also love the service we got - Joe even stoped by after the install just to check on us and see how we were doing! As soon as our office is done, we will be calling Joe and Alfredo for more blinds!!
4 I'm still a fan of Ambassador Blinds, but I did learn a while back that if you need a replacement blind, it will be very expensive & hard to get if you have to have Joe Del order it from where he got the first ones.  At least that was the case for me.  My replacement blind from King Industries in Salina KS cost about 8 times as much as the nearly identical second replacement I have bought since at Lowe's!  King doesn't like small orders, & they really punish you for placing one.  As high as my cost was, Joe was kind enough not to add profit for himself on the replacement blind, but that had him working for me for free to get it, which he shouldn't have had to do.  SOOOOO, I still recommend Ambassador & will probably use Joe again, but when I do, I will make sure in advance that I can buy any needed replacement blinds, one at a time, at reasonable prices, before I go forward with the job, because sometimes blinds get damaged.  (Do you have a dog?)     :-)
5 I needed all my blinds in my house replaced, and after receiving 5 quotes (one including Lowes), Ambassador Blinds was the best. One company offered the same price as what Joe offered, but in the end I went with Ambassador Blinds for several reasons:  1) Joe offered real wood blinds  2) His valence that came with the blinds was larger than other companies, which makes a nicer presentation on the windows 3) He offered to patch the holes in my walls and paint over them after my old blinds were removed (I had to provide the paint, but this was a big deal to me because I'm horrible at that kind of stuff!)  Joe's price included installation and removal of my old blinds. His technician/installation man, Alfredo, was great! He was very polite, patient, and took his time to hang the blinds to perfection. Alfredo mentioned he's been working with Joe for 20 years, which is pretty impressive these days!  Overall, I am so happy I went with Ambassador Blinds because some of my other quotes would have cost me at least twice as much! My house looks amazing with the new blinds , and I would definitely recommend them.
5 Ambassador Blinds helped me come up with an idea for my 20' wall of glass in my home in Mountain Bridge.  They installed Hunter Douglas motorized  shades (with a Custom built wood cornice) and a wireless remote control.  That was 1 1/2 years ago and my remote control stopped working a couple of days ago.  I called JoDell yesterday and he and Alfredo were at my house today with a replacement.  I had thought I would have to wait for it to be ordered, but they just swapped it out!  They also did a great job on my wooden shutters!  I highly recommend them for all your window covering needs!
5 I had a good experience working with Joe & Alfredo.  Joe was very responsive and provided excellent service.  He told me that Hunter Douglas and he would stand behind their product and take care of any issues and they did.  I would not hesitate to recommend Joe and will use him again.
