3 If you've been to a few repair shops before you won't be surprised by the surroundings.  If not, don't be turned off by the assorted used parts, old mowers and general decrepitude.  If you need your chain saw or mower repaired Bob's is a good place to visit.  The work is good and most importantly, it's done quickly.  You'll get a two or three-day turn around at Bob's vs. a week plus at the other repair shops.  That's a big plus because if you depend on your equipment you want it done FAST. I've had my mower serviced twice at Bob's; oil change, new filter, spark plug adjustment and blade sharpening.  My second visit I asked them to adjust my drive motor - which they forgot to do.  That's not great but at least I had my mower for the weekend's big home tour.  Bob's is responsive and I give the quality of service three and a half stars.  Absent their one slip up I'd have given them four stars.  Keep in mind this place is really basic, more than a little dirty and in a crappy part of town.  That said, it's really about getting your equipment back in a reasonable amount of time and in that regard Bob's stands alone.  If you live near downtown this should be your go-to place for equipment repair.
5 How many places can you go get spare keys made AND talk about bike parts with someone?  I bought spare keys AND got some brake & shifter cables for a bike I got at the thrift store.    They've got some used bikes, some bike parts, keys, and it looks like the previous reviewer said- some blower & mower parts?    And good advice!
5 I misplaced a key to one of my tool cabinets, so I stopped by here to see about having the lock picked.  I found owner Bill to be a likeable guy, & he was able to open it up in short order, charging me only $10.  5 Stars!     :-))
5 Having a problem with my gas weed eater several years old, I called the manufacturer, Troy-Bilt yesterday to see what I should do.  They recommended that I bring it here to Bob's Lock & Cycle.  WOW, I thought...  I had a need for a locksmith about a year and a half ago & I used this place and gave them 5 Stars!  So I brought the trimmer in & handed it off to owner Bill here first thing this morning.  A couple of hours later I picked up my unit restored to brand new performance & the cost for the repair was less than $20!  So that's twice now that these guys have come through for me 100%, & it's just a matter of time until I'll I need one of their varied services again.     :-))
4 Our family was traveling a route downtown -- one we've taken numerous times down Central Ave from South Phoenix.   I noticed the store front on Central (North of Southern on the East side of Central) and I made a note to check it out since we often travel to Chandler or Downtown Phoenix to get our bikes tuned up or fixed.  My mental note payed off shortly after Christmas.   "Santa" brought our son a new mountain bike for Christmas and my husband put the bike together.   I don't want to seem ungrateful for my husband's efforts, but mechanics is not his forte.  A couple of weeks of riding the new bike and everything started to go haywire - including the brakes and alignment.  We took the bike over to Bob's and he fine-tuned my husbands work.  Note:  Parking is a bit confusing -- you kind of park in a driveway off Central.  I actually considered dropping the rating to 3-stars just because the parking is a pain.  As other's have mentioned, Bob is also a lawn mower mechanic and a locksmith -- he must be handy to have around the home :)   I don't think my husband is quite as ambitious to fix our lawn mower and he will probably be less likely to volunteer to fix anything else after he reads my review....but for the record, I appreciate him and his willingness to fix things....but I'm glad to find backups in South Phoenix if we need them!
