5 I have eaten here for the last 10 years. Once again I am working in the downtown area and there are quite a few Mexican restaurants near me but I will always drive down to South Phoenix to grab food from here. In 10 years the food has not changed. It is the same great Carne Asada Taco's and Burrito's I have enjoyed over and over.  While living in Texas I would come back to Phoenix to visit and this was always on the list of places I had to go. Breakfast Lunch or Dinner this restaurant can serve up some of the best food in town.
5 After driving by this dumpy looking restaurant, the closest one in the world to my house, every day for years (really!), I finally stuck my head in the door today.  Hmmmm, the food cooking smells good & they have BOOTHS!  Maybe I should give it a try...  Ok, so I ordered what they called a Chile Relleno (singular) Combo & a Taquito de Asada from the menu board.  The dining room here is a little banged up & blah, & was a bit noisy because the place already had lots of customers at 11-something in the morning.  There's a salsa & condiments bar, 2 actually, with various treats including warm cooked peppers & onions to snack on, & I did.  Then in a little while my pickup number was called.  ¡¡Santa Caca Maria, look at all this food!!  Back at the booth with my canasta de gran fiesta, the taquito (soft taco) was small but VERY TASTY, & the main course was TWO big Pablano chiles, stuffed with lots of Oaxaca cheese, covered with lots of tasty breading, & deep fried to perfection!  I'm picky about my Chiles Rellenos, & I'm here to tell you that these were SOOOO 5 STARS!!  The refried beans, Spanish Rice & salad (!) were excellent too, & on top of all this they give you FOUR hot tortillas to roll up & dip in some of their delicious Guacamole Salsa, or whatever!  You won't be leaving this place hungry!!  Chiles Rellenos Combo $6.50, Carne Asada Soft Taco $1.25.  TERRIFIC FOOD+TERRIFIC VALUE=5 STARS!     :-))
5 This is one of THE BEST Mexican restaurants out here in Phoenix.  The area isn't too great but do not be fooled.  Good food is Good food.  Their horchata is the traditional horchata that just should be renamed as the drink of the Gods.  Their carne asada burritos are heavenly, and their ceviche never fails me.  Great food and fast service.  So if you're looking for a legit Mexican restaurant to go to, El Nuevo Taquito is the place to go.
