5 Anyone who's been to South Phoenix knows that Mexican restaurants in that area are about as ubiquitous as bad drivers in Phoenix. My husband and I have lived in the area for 9 months or so but have always been a bit intimidated by just how much selection there is. To make matters worse, there aren't many Yelp reviews of places around here, so we keep feeling like any choice we make is uninformed. (Whatever did we do before Yelp?!)   One night, we decided to drive down Central and look for the restaurant that was the most crowded with locals. (Naturally, Poncho's was crowded but we have been there before and find it good but not particularly authentic). Las Glorias--a white and blue building with fish painted on it--was packed, so we made a mental note and decided to return. We came back on New Year's Day when it was decidedly less crowded but the food did not disappoint. In fact, it was downright delicious and this place is definitely our new local favorite.   As you can see from the pictures, this place is even more themed inside. There is kitschy nautical decor everywhere--my personal favorite is the lighthouse on the wall that lights up. This place could be covered in real barnacles, though, and I wouldn't care. The food was just that good. To start with, the tortilla chips were hot and fresh out of the oven and the salsa was perfect with the perfect consistency and flavor.   For our entrees, I got the Camarones Culichi ($12.50), and my husband got the Camarón y Filete Empanizado ($12.50), which is essentially breaded fish and shrimp served with rice, beans and salad. My shrimp were the freshest I've had in Phoenix with a sweet flavor and firm texture and the culichi sauce (a spicy green chili cheese sauce) was creamy but spicy at the same time. Even when I had finished the shrimp, I found myself dipping chips into the sauce. Can't let something that good go to waste! My husband's fish and shrimp were also excellent, with a slightly spicy and crunchy breading. They were even better dipped in one of the provided hot sauces (don't remember the name but it had a brownish color and tasted smoky).   Our experience at Las Glorias was so great the first time that we decided to order to go from there recently. It's nice that they have a website with a menu since most local Mexican places do not. That time, we sampled the Camarones a la Diabla (again, great shrimp and kickin' flavor), the Crab Enchiladas w/ green sauce (incredible flavor and not too rich, but we could have gone without the few shell pieces we encountered), and the Ceviche Tostada (super fresh and perfectly spicy and a steal at only $3).   You may have a local Mexican spot you love but there's something distinct and really wonderful about a seafood-only Mexican restaurant with eccentric decor and excellent fresh food. Venture on down Central (yes, south of downtown) and try it for yourself!
5 Yelpers! You're letting me down here. Why has no one else reviewed Las Glorias yet? There are so many good reasons to go but I'll list a few:  *It's only 10 minutes south of downtown. Yes, it's South Phoenix, but you'll go further for Los Dos Molinos and it's not even that great.  *The people are incredibly nice. They don't speak any English so you'll have to order in Spanish, but they're always polite and smiling when I go in to eat or pick up.  *The food is damn good. Fresh seafood options include incredible ceviche tostadas, mouthwatering Camarones Culichi, grilled fish in garlic sauce and more.  *This place needs the support of more Yelpers to survive. It's weathered the last two years, but I'm always afraid they'll close their doors. And that would be a loss.   Come on, give it a shot! If you don't want to eat in, you can order to go. We've done it many times and the food is always great to have in front of the TV with beer.
3 Great place to have fresh mariscos in South Phoenix.
4 2 words: Camarones Bucaneros. Hands-down one of the best dishes I've ever had. Try it and thank me later.
5 My wife and I had lunch at Las Glorias for the first time yesterday. Visiting this wonderful restaurant is like visiting Rocky Point Mexico, only the food is even better here!  I ordered the Camaron Relleno's (bacon wrapped shrimp) with cheese, and I have never had better. The meal came with refried beans and salad, and the shrimp were served on a bed of french fries.  My wife ordered the fresh shrimp cocktail with calamari, and it was fantastica!  The restaurant was very clean, the service was great, and the friendly owner (Ruth) even visited our table to be sure that we were happy with our meal.  The beautiful murals on the walls give the restaurant a nice Baja kinda feeling.  We can't wait to get back to Las Glorias and try some of the other dishes.
4 El Super Coctel is just like the sopas de mariscos my wife and I get in Rocky Point.  $15 was enough for both of us, six tostadas worth.  So happy to have found a local place for mariscos.
2 Went to Las Glorias after seeing it on "Check Please Arizona".  The restaurant is all about fish.  It's not really "Mexican food".  Let me say our shrimp cocktail was very good.  We both had the tacos (I've had better).  I noticed at another table they were just having shrimp cocktails and drinks.  Now I know why.  If I every return it will be only for the shrimp cocktails and salsa and chips.  $50+ total for dinner (one shrimp cocktail, 2 taco dinners and 3 margaritas).  The beans and rice on my plate were cold (most places the beans are so hot you have to let them cool a bit before you take a bite).  Sorry Las Glorias, I'm new to downtown Phoenix and next time I'll try another Mexican restaurant.
5 Best ceviche I've ever had. The decor is cute and made me feel like I was on a vacation in a coastal Mexican town. Service was friendly and the owner stopped by our table to say hello. How nice! I will definitely be visiting again.
5 Highly recommend the best Chicken and Spinach Enchiladas ever!
4 had the super coctel..very fresh!!
1 Horrible seafood. Horrible martinis. They have a Martini slushi machine. Returned half or food because it smelled so bad. This place is a running joke for us now.
5 A+ all the way around, shrimp cocktail, ceviche, CRAB ENCHILADAS! omg sum of the best iv ever had, Plus the jute box is new and updated, play some great music and enjoy some delicious sea food in a lovely enviroment...
2 Okay shrimp cocktail. The ceviche was better.  In fact if I return, it will be for the ceviche. I've had better elsewhere, but in a pinch, it'll do.  Curious to taste the shrimp Culichi.  The waitresses were pleasant.  I did not like the fact that there are no free refills on the soft drinks.  I will say that I did feel like I was transported to Mexico, which was kind of cool. Loud music, but that's how they do it!
5 Went on a random South Phoenix adventure wanting to try something new, and Las Glorias ended up being the destination -- very happy that it was! I ordered the camarones diablo, which was everything I could hope for when ordering Mexican style seafood. It was plump grilled shrimp with a Chile sauce that had just the right amount of spice. Add French fries and grilled onions to the mix and you get one mouth watering meal. My boyfriend was also very happy with his dish which was the filet relleno. The atmosphere was fun with the painted sea walls....We'll be back!
2 The food was mediocre. The shrimp in my cocktail was stiff and rubbery, and the margarita I ordered was more ice and salt than alcohol.I would have settled for fast food instead. The atmosphere is nice and inviting, and the staff are courteous, but take a while to get to you after initially ordering.
4 Service is slow and spotty with 3 tables in the place it took forever to get a refill on water or chips and salsa. Otherwise the food was a step above the average Mexican restaurant!
2 We went for a casual lunch on our anniversary because of the great Yelp! reviews. We have mixed reviews, ourselves, though. The lunch crowd was small...not a good sign, but it is near South Mountain, which isn't a hub of excitement during the week day lunch rush. Inside, the place is old and worn, but clean. The tables aren't very inviting. There are fish tanks with large fish in them. The place is warmer than we like, so the overall effect was a bit dark and muggy.  The people who work there are wonderful--extremely helpful and nice. Honestly, that is the only reason we decided to stay--didn't want to turn around and walk out just because it looked kinda grungy inside (that is, because the food reviews were all so good.).  The bottom line is this: Everything on the menu is seafood,and it is Mexican. We did NOT love our food, but we did not get sick later, either.  There are no other meats. If we were at the ocean I think it would probably be fantastic, but inland, uh....no. The fish tacos tasted extremely FISHY and not in a good way. The crab meat enchiladas were authentic, dang it, but unfortunately the verde sauce was too tangy and there was pimento in the mix. It left a "stale" flavor in our mouths.  We would love to know the day of the week the fresh fish comes in. If we knew, we'd go back on THAT day. Otherwise, skip it.
