5 I work in the same dying business park as A.G.E. in Phoenix. Walked over said i need a new windshield, Curtis gave me a quote. Called them a week later best price in town next day FIVE STAR installation. no gimmicks, excellent service is what they do.   I have had a few windshields replaced and this was by far the fastest, cleanest and top notch install. The last guy did not do a very good job replacing the molding on the windshield and i thought i wood have to buy new moldings. nope, dood was able to fit them in perfectly and looks excellent...  This company really is Auto Glass EXCELLENCE!!!
5 After a failed attempted autoglass replacement by another company earlier this week, I asked the insurance company about Auto Glass Excellence. A coworker used them recently and received good service and a quick response. Like Bill D., I too have State Farm and it was no problem handling the insurance claim.  In speaking with the representative, I set the appointment up to arrive at my office in the morning. The technician called a few minutes before he arrived and explained the process when I took him to the vehicle. About 45 minutes later he was finished and called to indicate it was ready. Quick, painless and quality installation. My coworker, who used to own an autoglass company, stated the glass used was higher quality than the one used by the dealers and he was impressed with the work. My friend went to a web site showing glass company performance. There were only 6 companies on the list with perfect scores - and AGE was one of the companies. They have a great history and based on the installation today, they continue to provide quality service.
5 I couldn't believe it... I finally got my first cracked windshield last month. A quiet, unassuming little "tink" sound and that was enough to start a crack that spanned the width of my windshield. Obviously an event to truly make anyone's day. So I turned to Yelp looking for some recommendations and came across these guys. Good reviews! So I called them and a few other places for some quotes and they came in as the lowest and stated they used glass from the same manufacturer that my original windshield was from. On top of that they were friendly and quite helpful. Sold!  The day came and I have to say I definitely picked the right people. Installation was a breeze, the tech was awesome and didn't mind my hanging out and watching (hey... I've never seen how this stuff gets done) while talking about video games and anything else. SUPER friendly, SUPER qualified. I couldn't be happier.
