5 These guys are awesome!  Although it is not usually a fun situation when I have to call them, they always make things as painless as possible.  They are quick to answer the phone or to return messages, will usually be there the same or next day, and are as friendly as can be.  Honest, fair, knowledgeable, and dependable.  I never feel pressured to have anything done that I may not need yet at the same time they are full of helpful advice.    Just a few of the things they have helped me with . . . Indoor floods, outdoor floods, bathroom leaks, leaks behind the wall, kitchen sink & toilet repair, and even FROZEN WATER PIPES ("Does that really happen in AZ?" you may ask yourself . . . and the answer is YES . . . it happens to me!)  When temperatures dropped below freezing one night, they were at my house within an hour after my phone call and had my water running again before I even knew they had arrived.  It was an easy fix for the professionals and the most amazing part, when I went to get my credit card, they replied "Courtesy call, no charge, have a nice day!"  Once I called about a flood in my backyard.  I was at work and couldn't get there until 4pm.  They already had the problem fixed by the time I arrived home from work! I can't say enough good things!  Call them for all of your plumbing needs!
5 Consummate professionals.  They were communicative, prompt, on time, and the job was done right in a minimum amount of time.   That's all you need from a plumber.
5 No-nonsense is most accurate description of these plumbers.  I'ved used them twice already, and each time they come out promptly and on time, tell me exactly what they are going to do and they get it done quickly and efficiently, even if they have to contract some of the work out with another contractor (Needed to saw into slab to fix a leak).  Pleasure dealing with them.
5 Mountain Park Plumbing is awesome.  Richard helped me when I was getting ready to purchase a property.  There were some plumbing concerns noted by the property inspector.   Richard looked at the pictures from the inspection and told us what needed to be done, what was cosmetic and optional and gave us a price.  His guys were on time, which is great when you are trying to co-ordinate different people coming to a new house.  They replaced valves and piping, cleaned up the area under the kitchen sink and made it look better than we found it.  They even disposed of the old water softener that was left in the garage that had been previously disconnected.
5 We'll never use anyone else. Polite, on time, no nonsense and reasonable on price. What else is there?
1 I called to get an idea on fixing a plumbing issue.  The person on the phone was very rude and short.  Needless to say I'll take my business elsewhere.
5 I had Mountain Park Plumbing out today to fix a broken valve under the kitchen sink and the main valve that supplies the house.  Both valves were broken and not working.  They showed up on time, were courteous, finished quickly, and charged a fair amount.  I would certainly use them again.
