5 Recently, my mother's a/c was blowing warm and needed some professional attention. I did some research to find a local hvac outfit and I found Absolute. I called Mike late on a Friday and he arranged his schedule to come out first thing in the morning to troubleshoot the system. He came out on time, diagnosed her faulty compressor motor, and replaced it in a reasonable amount of time. I was amazed at how inexpensive the bill was. I will call him for work in the future. Thanks Mike!
5 Over the years, I've had REALLY bad experiences with large air conditioning companies in the Valley. They put in damaged parts, tried to install cheaper parts than the ones I paid for, took smoke breaks on my roof and the list goes on; so I was desperately seeking a smaller company with a knowledgeable staff,;I think I found that with Absolute Air Technologies.  Mike Tucker came to my house today and after a brief discussion about my AC, he went right to work. He combed out all the dents in my unit that I'd been living with since last fall's hailstorm and then did an annual service.  The cost was reasonable and Mike has 27 years experience fixing & installing systems, so for once I feel like things were done right.  I'm very satisfied I finally found a good, honest air conditioning company. YAH!
5 I used Absolute Air 3 times in the past 3 years for air conditioning issues  and have been totally satisfied.   I had a new air conditioner installed by another company (which I won't name) and it had issues do to faulty installation. I called the air-conditoner manufacturer and they recommend Absolute Air, which was certified by the company to do warranty work. Mike at Absolute Air, was able to fix the problems caused by faulty installation by this other company.  In another situation, the air at my rental went out Friday afternoon, nevertheless,  Absolute Air came out during the early evening and stayed on the job until it was fixed (before dark).   Recently (9/11) , the fan for my air conditioner was not working. I called Absolute Air and felt confident Mike could fix it by the end of the day. He knew were to get the "unusual" part from the manufacturer and had it fixed in a few hours. The part was under warranty and Mike "took care of everything".    I really wanted to find a company that I trust;  Mike at Absolute Air has never let me down. When you call Absolute Air you get a person with 20+ years of experience, not a rookie. The prices are very good and the service is excellent. I have recommend this company to all my friends who are looking for air-conditoning service.
