2 Cacuts Jacks was closed for a while, but it is up and running once again.  Total dive bar in Ahwatukee, it is never my first choice, however a few of my friends love to go there for the cheap drinks and music (live or juke box).  I have never tried any thing to eat at Cactus Jacks, and I don't plan on it anytime soon.  Cacuts Jacks isn't really the kind of bar to start out the night, however we have been known to finish our night there, usually when Happy Hour at Brad's Places goes a little long, or when we're headed back to the tuke from some other event and don't want to stop the drinking fun!  When we do end up going there, or even suggesting "How about Cactus Jacks?", the rest of the group knows that the night just went from a rank of mild intoxication, to "might as well call a cab now!"  Crazy things have happened at Cactus Jacks, lots of good stories and foggy memories.
3 We just saw Marmalade Skies play here last night.  We showed up early to grab one of the last tables. Fans of the band showed up in full-force. It was SRO early in their set. They sounded great !   The service, however, was below par. It seemed as if the place wasn't  prepared for the crowd that the band would bring in, even though the band played there about a month ago! We ended up waiting for the server to check on us more than once while we sat with water & drinks completely drained. If we hadn't been there specifically for the band, it's very likely we would have gone some where else.   No condiments brought out for the sliders. No small plates brought out with the nachos deluxe which were nothing special. The sides of ranch we ordered didn't arrive either. The fries that came with the Real Deal Philly Rib Eye were soggy. Their Wings are the reason for 3 stars. I had the Honey Hot  wings grilled and they were DELICIOUS!
5 Looking for casual "dive type" yet clean?  Great place here!  Mind you, when I say "dive" -to me this term is a positive, endearing term that means friendly people with a "local's" feel.  Friday nights typically consist of some really great bands; and Sat. nights for poker --free play, no buy in!  Although -the 7pm start is the more die-hard serious players...the 10 p.m. start seems more laid back by this time and this is the round where I jump in with my less than stellar knowledge of poker and just want to have some fun interaction!  The staff is really great --they are who they are and don't pretend to be anyone else --I love interecting with the "real" personalities of the staff and the patron's all interact easily whether they know you or not.  When you order a drink -treat the staff like a friend you just met -and not "wait staff" -they will remember you and appreciate that you recognize they are working hard for you and everyone around you!  A very friendly local's hang out --so whether you are from North Phoenix or out of state vacationing -visit this place for a friendly interaction with the locals -casual atmosphere with all walks of life -great pool playing and people watching on any night!
4 Yeah, it's kind of a dive bar.  Fun environment, lots of tvs, decent eats, good drink prices and a jukebox or live music depending on the night.  Who says you can't love a dive bar?  I do.  If I still lived in Tukee I'd likely be there WAY too often.
3 Great happy hour.
5 If you like going to bars to watch the game. Not be over crowded or bothered and get great prices this is the place for you. I love it!
3 Cactus jacks is bar food but is pretty cheap with good service. If you're looking for a place to watch the game and have a beer it is a good spot
4 I really like this place!  I came here on Super Bowl Sunday to watch the game.  Great atmosphere, fun staff. I also came on Saturday with my mom and a friend and we had a wonderful time.  The happy hour is great and i'm sure i will be visiting again :)
5 The staff is great, super friendly & most importantly my glass was never empty. Happy hour is crazy cheap, I even questioned the total, 3 bloody Mary's for under $10, what? This is a bar & doesn't try to be anything other than a bar, drinks, pool tables, basketball game, darts & tons of TVs. Weekends they bring in live bands.   Oh yeah this place is clean right down to the bathrooms, well at least the ladies is anyway.
5 Great wings and cold beer! Service is always right on. Go in twice and you're family! The head guy, Mike, is a little slow so you'll need to be patient (just kidding), but other than that it's a great spot to drink, eat, and watch football!!
4 My wife and I were looking for a place to watch football and stumbled on cactus jacks. What a find, we had a great time sitting at the bar, watched golf until game time.the food and service were both good. We had a pizza, 1/2 Hiwian 1/2 spicy shrimp, both halves were delicious, although it took quite a while, we noticed everyone's food took a while. But we weren't in a hurry. The most fun part about the place is, the employees seemd to know everyone by name. Very friendly.
3 This is the bar where you walk in with $25 bucks and walk out not remembering the night. A true classic dive bar! Good times, which is usually based on who you are with.
5 It's a good old fashion hole in the wall dive bar.  I come here mostly with my parents sometimes, it sure has an older crowd vibe. Jacks' food is mediocre, I just always stick to a burger and fries, (the fries their grow on you) can't go wrong. Drinks are priced well.  They even have live music and poker nights on the weekends.   Jacks is a good bar to come with your friends after work. Very nice staff and management.
