4 I must confess- this was the first time i've ever gotten my hair done at someplace that didn't have "Clips" or "Cuts" or "Cutters" in the name. My hair was getting way too long and ragged and I wanted to do something different, but not drastic.   One day, I got it. Bangs! Not the kind I had as a kid, but the wispy messy side-part kind. I usually only got a straight trim, so ability was never an issue in the past- anyone with a pair of scissors could cut my hair for all I cared. But something like this- I know you can screw that up!   I decided I deserved a treat and would go somewhere nice- I was starting to look into other places but while browsing the weekly ads, I saw Ulta had a deal for $20 for a first-time haircut. This was too good of a deal and a good chance to try somewhere new, so I called and booked right away.   Later that week, I went in and was met by my hairstylist, Martha. She introduced herself and sat me down and we went over my hair. I had brought in a picture of what I was after and she discussed layer lengths with me, then cut a small section of my hair.   Next, I got a nice but brief shampoo, and then back to the chair. Martha was very meticulous with getting my hair even and my layers perfect- I have thick wavy hair so they have to be chunky so they don't get all poofy and feathered. We got to the bangs, and she knew exactly how to cut them perfectly- I'm in love! She finished drying my hair and did some basic styling, and I was good to go.   A great first experience. I feel like I now have a "hair place" to go to, and look forward to coming back soon! The prices are on the low end of salons in the area, and for the quality seems to be well worth it.
5 I never thought I would review an Ulta. I mean they're all pretty similar from location-to-location. However, this location deserves a review. I had used my 20% off of everything coupon awhile back and stocked up on my foundation. I got home and realized that the foundation I had picked up was not the one that I had wanted. Which is fine, I can return the foundation, but I would have to return it for a DIFFERENT kind and they probably wouldn't honor my 20% off still.   So, I returned to the store and the make-up artist told me that my foundation had been discontinued and that's why I had picked up the wrong one. The make-up artist was extremely helpful and found me a foundation that would be similar to the one that had been discontinued and color matched my skin tone prefectly. So, I proceeded to the check out to exchange my foundation. Without even asking, the cashier gave me the 20% off of the NEW foundation!
4 Good selection of cosmetics, fragrancies, shampoo and all things hair plus a salon (not to be confused with a saloon).  I love any place that has a tester for everything.  How do  you know unless you test?  I normally buy my foundation from a line they do not sell here but costs a lot of money.  Sometimes though, after watching Suzy Orman, I feel guilty for how much I spend on said foundation and decide "I can live with the inexpensive brand, they say it's all the same" (we'll discuss that topic later).  So I go to Ulta to try the normal drugstore brand, unlike going to a drugstore and hoping I buy the right color, I can actually get what will be best for me.    Bonus to all of this?  Points.  I collect points for all I buy and get free stuff.  And I like free stuff, you should too.  Bonus bonus: look for the coupon.  Really, you should'nt be shopping without them, but Ulta has one a week, thus making it easy to show up at least once a week, right?
2 I love the emporium of beauty products that is Ulta, but the customer service is h-o-r-r-e-n-d-o-u-s! And I don't think that's exclusive to this location, either. How hard is it to at least pretend you enjoy your job?   This last year, the only person I can recall ever being greeted by / assisted by in this store was Heidi. She helped me find a Bare Escentuals eye brightener I was looking for. She even went as far to show me how to apply it (without me asking), and . . . *gasp* appeared ENTHUSED about her job!   I don't think I would waste my time coming into this store if they didn't carry Bare Minerals products. Plus, it's on my drive home from work, so it's a matter of convenience really.
4 Magaly is awesome!
1 I was in this location on November 9, 2013. I waited about 15 minutes to be helped. A nice young girl at the register was trying to finally help me when her manager, LIZ, via the earbuds, asked her to stop helping me. She had to immediately walk away and go back to the register (Which seemed uncesssary to me when there were 2 other employees working the registers without a line). I proceeded to talk with LIZ, and she apologized that I was inconvenienced, yet did not offer to help answer my questions or even walk over to assist me choosing my daughter's first make-up compact. I needed professional care, and she could have cared less. Maybe she could have requested the young employee return to the register after she finished helping me?  I gave her my bags of items I wanted to purchase and walked out. (After I told her how poor her decision was and treating her employee and me poorly.)  The next day I went to another Ulta in Chandler, AZ and the male manager was so kind. He was appauled by LIZ's behavior and said this is not the policy of Ulta.   I write this to warn you, that if you go to this Ulta location, you will receive poor customer service.   By the way, it would help if Ulta would be better about keeping enough item of their own brand cosmetics in stock. It seems every time I go, they have a poor selection.
1 This use to be one of my favorite Ulta locations...until today!  Apparently they have a "new" general manager that was running the registers tonight.  I'm sure if she hadn't waited on me I wouldn't be writing this.  She was sooooo rude.  She didn't say hello when she called me over to the register.  The 1st thing she said was "what is your phone number" and began to ring me up.  I pulled my ultra card out and asked if she needed it still since she put in my number. She replies with "well you didn't have it out when you walked up, but I can take it now."  Seriously...it might be the Holidays, but be nice if you're 1- the manager and 2- helping the public.  I seriously think I'll drive a little further to go shop at the Chandler ultra from now on.
1 Probably the worst service ever, i asked for help and have been waiting for 40 mins and still no one could help me. I meant really? 40 mins is not a short time...
1 Sorry, but this place is a wanna be.  I will say there was a girl who worked there, (she  was washing off the window when I came in.) and I needed help fast. She seemed genuinely concerned and seemed to do all she could to help. Finally, after summoning someone to look in the back,and after the someone in the back took forever to shuffle on to the floor,  she sort of pushed a Prada perfume sample in my hand.  Maybe she was trying to make up for the sticky situation.  I was in a hurry to see my sister who was in town from out of state. I was wanting her to try a new product and was going to pick it up before I saw her.  They had all but what I wanted..  NOT GOOD!!  Why isn't this good?  BECAUSE LAST TIME I HAD BEEN IN THERE.....SAME THING!  ugggggggg....I should have known better.   The girl that was truly trying to help, called some guy who, I have no idea what he did, or what his position was, but apparently he was the go to guy.  She called him to the floor probably THREE times. (I know, I sound like a spoiled buyer. Guess what?  I AM spoiled, I know what great customer service looks like.) Great customer service does not look like waitingm what seems like foreve,r when you're in a hurry.  When he finally did slowly come down the isle towards this impatient shopper, he was polite, but obviously didn't care..  You know the type I'm talking about...."I'm sooo sorry we don't have it.  Hmmmmm so sad."     I MISS SEPHORA.  I know, I know..I know what you're thinking, "Why didn't you go to Sephora kn the first place?". Well, because I'm a little lazy and want things near me.  This was near.  I really don't like to give bad reviews, but this is it...a bad one. This place feels just like a Sephora wanna be.  I have never been disappointed at Sephora. I should add, that I had a dreadful experience at Ulta in one I went to out of state.  So, I'm assuming they're all the same.  Next time I'll drive past this one.
4 I always end up spending a ton when my wife wants to shop here, but she absolutely loves the products they have. There is a massive selection, they do a ton of sales, and their return policy is awesome so you never feel bad about trying something new. It's a little spendy and not a guy store, but my wife loves it and that is who they are going after
2 I have been going to head stylist Lorraine for years. On March 29th I went for the usual color and cut. I am always the first customer after opening and am surprised the restroom is dirty and no seat savers (would have used) because there was no toilet paper. Wall paper and paint need attention and it is a fairly new location, having moved from 46th St. to Casa Paloma about 52nd St..  But that is the least of my concern with the business.   I've continued to go to the salon, but the last time I was basically accused of not paying my bill by the manager Francesca who called me because she could not find the receipt an hour later.  I had my receipt and offered to bring it by as I was still in the area.  She rudely  told me she didn't have time and would call me back!  Later a salon person called and asked me for the receipt number and to hold on, I did too long, I hung up.   Saw my stylist today when I went in to buy make-up, reminded her I have a hair appt. next week.  Told Lorraine when she goes to another salon to let me know.  I'm not paying $120.+ each time to be treated rudely, accused of not paying my bill and sitting in second rate salon surroundings.  I was advised to call corporate, tried to file a complaint on line, impossible.  There is no area on the Corporate Site to file, one site leads you to file with the BBB.  Would much rather work it out with Corp.. There are so many salons around and friends have recommendations.  So, until Lorraine leaves I'll reticently try another stylist in the area.
2 I love Ulta but I absolutely hate this location.  Unfortunately it is the closest and most convenient, so I'm usually stuck going here.   First off, this store seems to have a problem with inventory. They are frequently out of products I need, and not just when they send out the 20% off postcards and get slammed with business. I can understand that happening on occasion, but not all the time. To compare, the store by the Chandler Mall always has the products I need in stock when this store doesn't.   Second, the employees here are unfriendly and unhelpful. If you ask a question they'll act like you are putting them out, so don't even bother. They won't know the answer anyways! One example: I asked a cashier when Ulta sends out the birthday mascara coupon (first day of your birthday month, week before, day of, etc) and she had no idea. Problem is, she actually looked like she didn't even know about the mascara in the first place. (FYI it's the morning of your birthday, in case anyone ever needs to know.) This isn't a new promo that Ulta randomly put out that day, it's a highlight of their rewards program. To give a blank stare at the mention of it is pretty odd.   Yesterday I was in looking for a product I saw in an email I just received. I couldn't find it on the shelves, and there was only one cashier and five people in line so I didn't want to wait up there for ten or fifteen minutes to ask. (Oh yeah BTW this store always has at least a 10 minute wait. ALWAYS.) I wandered around a bit, and the woman stocking nail polish pretended like she didn't see me so she wouldn't have to help. I could tell she wouldn't know the answer anyways so I moved on to find someone else.   I found two more employees (one being a male manager I always see on the floor, but never at the registers) by the prestige cosmetics, and they were in a conversation. I didn't want to interrupt so I walked up, stood nearby and smiled, but neither employee even looked at me. (And trust me when I say I'm hard to miss!) I looked down to my phone to pull up the product from the Ulta app, and I looked back up and smiled again but nothing. I stood for a few more seconds, and after they successfully made me feel like a piece of garbage I turned on my heel and walked away. (At this point neither stopped me, which wasn't surprising.) Listen I didn't expect them to drop everything to help me, but I do expect some kind, ANY kind, of acknowledgment.   The only reason I'm even giving this review two stars instead of one is because this location does have one wonderful employee, but unfortunately I've never gotten her name. She is the mature blonde & bubbly manager and she is great, the complete opposite of everything I just said above. Kudos to her for trying to bring some positive customer service to this location.
5 I had my hair done by Brendan there yesterday and he was FABULOUS!! Very knowledgable and has a natural talent and great vision for hair. He mixed together the perfect color, gave me a great cut, and gave me a great blow dry style. I booked another appt for 8 weeks and will definitely be seeing him again. Ask for Brendan, you won't regret it!!
