4 Good apartments Nice atmosphere Safe environment Lots of cranky old folks, but I just ignore them  And the sand beach pool is a plus!
5 I moved in here right when they first opened and moved out in early 2002.  The place was SOOOOOO nice.    When I was there they keep the place in top notch shape, had a concierge service, fax and mailing from the front office, and served food and drinks at the pool (which you could charge to your bill!).  Really nice gym, two tennis courts and a bunch of common areas with grills and water fountains.  This place truly was "resort living" ...   After 9/11 I decided to get back to the basics and moved out to get a Golden Retriever.   I miss San Melia!
4 When he moved to Phoenix my husband did a thorough search of all apartment rentals in Southeast Phoenix and the Chandler area. I commend him for the meticulous job that he did in picking out this lovely gated community for us.   Although it looks the same as a San Brisas or a San Montego it is still much better that any of these places. One of the reasons could be because San Melia charges a premium for the same floorspace. Besides, the neighbourhood is good, in fact a little bit of research on the internet revealed that it falls under the 'low-crime' zone of Phoenix police.   During the summer months the pool gets a little crowded with the residents and their acquaintances but recently the office sent out a communique limiting the number of guests that can be brought in.   I have read mixed reviews about the office staff at San Melia on different websites ... to be honest I have never had a bad encounter. Living by the 48th street or next to the tot-lot might get a little noisy at times but apart from that this place is convenient, safe and enjoyable.
1 I have to agree with others that the apartment complex is nicer looking compared to adjacent communities.  However, for all the 5 months of my residency here, the front security gate remains open at all time without any security officer on duty.  I thought we paid for gated security community??? During the summer time, you can see that people from outside pulled up in their cars and used the swimming pool facility.  They drank and smoked in the pool area around kids whereas we signed our lease to a non-smoking community.  The way this place is managed definitely needs to be improved.
2 I'm only giving this place 2 stars b/c I know it could be worse.  Pros: Safe area, well maintained (more on this), friendly neighbors.  Cons: Waaaaaaay overpriced, worthless gym equipment, faulty gates/keys, actually  I'm just going to start writing since the list is so long.  I don't normally bash companies, businesses, etc. but tonight was it. Pulled up at the gate and wouldn't open with the gate chip so thought I should let the world know why you should avoid this complex. When I first moved in we were promised a fireplace (one of the main reasons I chose the spot over another. about a day in after moving and settling down noticed no fireplace. Talked to the staff and not much there. Let it go since the leasing agent was really helpful, liked her a lot so really not a big deal were in Arizona after all. (BTW she quit shortly after along with a lot of the staff, always a new face when I walk into the office a lot of turnover, which should be the first indicator not to sign.)   So they charge $5.00 a month to have a gym key, like $20 for monthly parking, $90 a month for my two dogs, $700 NONREFUNDABLE fee for having dogs. THAT DOESNT COVER YOU IF YOU DO HAVE ANY ADDITIONAL DAMAGES, FROM THE DOGS AFTER YOU MOVE OUT , THATS EXTRA THIS IS JUST A STANDARD FEE TO HAVE THEM LIVE THER EON TOP OF THE $45/ MONTH YOU PAY FOR EACH PET.   One thing i liked about san Melia is that they have a 24 hour help line incase of emergencies. couple weeks ago I was locked out of my apartment. No, I didn't lose my keys, no I didn't lock my self out, when I say locked out I mean their piece of shit lock was jammed. Called the emergency help line 15 times maybe, left a voicemail every time. Nobody called back, nobody followed up the next day. I have two small dogs I need to take care of had to break in the door (I admit was a bad choice) had to get the entire door replaced, $400 thank you very much, again I admit it was a bad decision but ultimately i shouldn't have been put in that position in the first place. 24 hour emergency and no one picked up over the span of an hour and half and the thing is I didn't lock myself out or lose my keys. Their lock was busted now I'm obligated to pay for this replacement because they fucked up.   Now, on the plus side the place is always maintained, someones always either cutting the grass or watering or trimming the palms but I promise you they're not dipping into their own pocket to cover those costs they're coming out our sky high rent.   Pools nice, but your definitely paying for the amenities. its a joke. machine sin the weight room are always busted, so i was forced to get a gym membership elsewhere.   Just do yourself a favor and avoid this place. It's nice on the surface but a headache once you dive in.
