5 I love Eye Priority!  I have had to wear glasses since Kindergarten and am type 1 diabetic, so needless to say I need a great and thorough eye doctor.  I definitely have that with Dr. Sawitzke.  She is friendly, informative, and knows her stuff.  She always takes the time to explain things & worked with me to find the perfect pair of contacts.  The office staff is friendly and the choice of frames is huge.  Planning on going in soon to find my next pair of glasses.  Very highly recommended.
5 I love going to Eye Priority. Not only do I feel cared for by Dr. Sawitzke, and pampered by Roseanne, but everyone values my time, so there's no waiting around.I get all my questions answered about eye health and insurance coverage, and always come away with glasses I love and am confident I'll look great in. Don't bother with the chain eyeglass sellers - this local gem is wonderful! And they save your used eyeglasses to donate to the Ahwatukee Lions Club - even better!
5 Eye Priority is phenomenal!  I've had problems my entire life with wearing contacts. Dr DiSimone gave me the most comprehensive eye exam I've ever had and I now have contacts that are comfortable!  I am so impressed. They are professional and every aspect of the practice is top notch. If you have problem eyes you must check them out.
4 The doctor here is very thorough. They explain everything and always listen to concerns and questions.
5 Very professional and thorough eye exam. Doctor took the time to listen to my concerns and suggested the most appropriate course of treatment based on my lifestyle.
5 I've been going to Eye Priority since 2008. I love this office, very personal, professional and fun. I have been seen by both of their doctors and feel comfortable with each of them. I highly recommend Eye Priority.
5 We are so happy we found a great doctor in Ahwatukee that takes our insurance and doesn't try to find creative ways to charge additional fees over and above what our insurance allows.  Excellent staff and no surprises at checkout!
5 Our family have been patients of Dr. DeSimone's for almost 20 years. She is thorough, knowledgeable and patient. (I have challenging eyes!)  We recommend her to everyone!
5 This is where I always go for my eye appointment. I think one of the biggest plus is how awesome they are with kids. My son is 2 and 1/2 and they did a great job with him.
5 I have been taking my two kids to Eye Priority for the past few years.  I wish I had gone there earlier.  They are extremely knowledgeable and professional, and very friendly.  I would highly recommend this office to everyone.
