5 I have been here several times to eat before, and have always had a great experience.  This IHOP is located off the I-10 and Ray Road.  For some reason, its listed as a Phoenix location when I consider it Awatukee.  I like this place because I have always had such wonderful service here.  The waitresses are always nice to me, I'm always seated quickly, and I dont have to wait forever to get my food.  Decent selection of food night or day, and the place is open 24 hours.  I know its considered a "chain resturant" but honestly, I don't hold it against them. Sometimes, I think we could all use some comfort food (like I needed today) and I think this is a reliable place to get it without sacraficing service or price.
4 What do you do Sunday morning when you do not want any eggs or serial for breakfast? Well, we go to IHOP! And so we did this Sunday. Its 8:30am, there are ton of free tables and we get seated right away. Ohh wait! Its our server's 1st day!! OMG Horror! But, hey, you know what - kid was great! He did all just right and did not screwed up once! Kudos to you David!  So, anyhow. Pancakes were good. Coffee was warm and OJ was fresh. There were no hairs in my plate nor weird stains on my spoon. What else can anyone expect from IHOP?   4 stars! If you wanna huge portion of pancakes go to IHOP, they got that!  "I like"
4 This IHOP is always busy and for a good reason. They move people in and out quickly and the food is pretty tasty. After a 5 mile walk for cancer, the two x two x two (2 eggs, 2 bacon strips, 2 buttermilk pancakes) was excellent. They use real egg whites instead of subs, the pancakes melt in your mouth, and the bacon was delish. I added hashbrowns to top it off with hot tea. Breakfast is served!
4 Ive probably been to about five or size IHOPs, but I will say that this is my favorite one.   Why I gave it four out of five stars was because the wait.  Being so popular and good, there's always a line outside the place to get in.  I guess that's a good thing, right?  Once I was seated, the waitress was over to our table within the first minute.  She took our drink order and in another minute she was back and we had ordered our food.  One of the things I love about IHOP is that you get pancakes with almost every meal.  How could you go wrong there?  I got a ham and cheese omelet and personally I like to hit the pancakes first.  My God.. they were incredible.  So fluffy, hot, fresh.. with butter and syrup, those were gone in no time.  I moved onto my omelet where I discovered it loaded with a ton of cheese.  That might be gross to some, but this is was just delicious.    Our waitress was always on top of making sure we had drinks filled and needing other things.  Such a great experience. Love this place.
2 I seem to always get unlucky here and end up with a server that disappears for long periods of time. The food isn't bad, but it's really kind of hard to screw up mostly serving breakfast items, so that's not really saying a lot. If you go on a Saturday or Sunday morning, be prepared to wait a long time if they're busy. It's not worth the wait.
3 Cheap
2 just had a latenight dinner at IHOP....first of all you must lower ALL expectations when going into IHOP around 11, 12, 1 at night and anytime into the wee hours of the night. First we get sat, waited a good 10min before our server showed up. I ordered CHICKEN STRIPS & FRIES. my gf got the 2x2x2. We waited another 20min or so to get our food. Of course what does she bring me, a chicken quesadilla. LOL oh yea that's right i forgot to clarify with my server that when i said chicken strips and fries, i really mean chicken strips and fries! Not a crappy quesadilla. She didnt come by our table for another 10min, and by then i didnt want to wait another 15-20min for my correct order to come out so i made due with the junk infront of me. Yea it was junk, scraps of chicken that looked like it was microwaved or something, with tomatoes and cheese. One of the 4-5 slices didnt even have the crappy chicken in it!?!?!! LOL so.....idk like i said, you must lower ALL of your expectations when you go to IHOP this late, especially if you're not ordering breakfast items. So i guess in a way this is my fault for not expecting even worse.......but don't get me wrong, IHOP is good for breakfast, and i'd normally give it 4-4.5 stars
2 This IHOP has a lot of opportunity to make up. They've been working at it, but the last few times I've been here, they have either been short staffed or too busy that we would be sitting at the table idly waiting for our food or the check or a straw.
2 Not bad at all, but the omelets and pancakes are better at Crackers.
2 The food was okay, the service was terrible.  Our waitress came over took our order then she went outside..for like 20 minutes. Meanwhile I could see our food sitting in the "pick up window" under the heat lamp..for like 10+ minutes. I was wondering why  the other waiter with one table wasn't just bringing it to us...it was like 3pm so the place was dead. Eventually I asked him to bring it to us, geeesh. Eventually our waitress came back then asked us how our food was then sat in the back corner and talked. Didn't come back for refills and didn't come to take our dirty plates even though she kept looking over at our table. Super disappointing.
1 I took 2 of my boys here for a daddy/son date. It was hideous. The mac and cheese looked old. My corned beef hash looked like it was right out of the can. The pancakes looked decent. The water tasted horribe. When I mentioned it they said it was because it was an old building. It is mass produced food you can make at home cheaper and better. I would suggest finding a better option.
5 I'm a regular here. Love to order the fit mushroom omelette and steal a pancake or two from the hubby. The strawberry syrup is a favorite and I loveeee to eat my pancakes slowly while enjoying a nice cup of coffee.
4 Love the pancakes. Love the coffee. And they make my eggs EXACTLY how I order them.  95% of the wait staff are prompt & efficient. The other 5%, well, I actually haven't seen them the last few times I've been here (maybe they found more suitable employment).  Most if the menu items are very tasty and inexpensive but there are a few items I won't order.  Overall, this is my favorite "fast food" joint.
5 Prompt seating by hostess, two servers (?!) -Cass and Cassie, but haven't seen her yet.  Meals options look good, and they're CHEAP.  I figure it must be small portions so we will see.   Place is busy and the volume level is up there but that could be because there is no obvious music playing. Meals arrived promptly after ordering, portions were fair size too. Service was good but the idea of having two servers is unusual, especially when you only see the same one.  Overall it was a good experience.  Not a long wait. Plenty of yummy menu items to decide from. Efficient service.
4 I always love an IHOP breakfast for the mix of sweet and savory options for an affordable price. I prefer IHOP to Denny's because it seems like it's less sticky, mostly.  But it's also a more expansive menu.  I usually get stuffed french toast or some flavored pancakes with the eggs, bacon and hash browns.  On this particular occasion I ordered the red velvet pancakes.  Our server returned to inform me they were out, and she was so apologetic.  When we settled on a compromise of the cinnamon roll pancakes, she offered milk to go with it for the inconvenience (for the record, the cinnamon roll pancakes were good, but they were no red velvet).  She was as sweet as the pancakes, and courteous from start to finish.    They almost always get "over medium" eggs right, and they have turkey bacon which is awesome!
1 Horrible service. Don't waste your time. 3 separate times at this location, waited over an hour for food. On all 3 visits we walked out, it's like our server brought our drinks and forgot us. We could see good sitting in the window for well over 20 mins. No one there actually knows what they are doing.  Go for coffee and drinks not food!!
5 Just had an amazing breakfast and received great customer service. Everything was great!! We will come back :)
5 I normally do take out this location . Staff is always very nice . Food is great . Better then a lot of other ihop locations .
3 Average food, but expected. Service slow and inconsistent. Air temp in restaurant about 60 degrees do bring a light jacket.
1 Service was slow; we were in a hurry and had to wait way to long even just to order a drink. The restaurant was nearly empty, and there seemed to be more than enough staff to handle all the tables. Pleeeease please be faster! Not everyone has time to wait around while you take your sweet time!  AND the computers were, of course, down so we had to wait even longer to pay. My God, why why WHYYYYYYYYY. -___-
