5 I just wanted to say these guys are great with their Tire sales and services.  I have gotten both of my vehicles worked on here in the past 12 months, and decided to buy my tires direct from them rather than an online seller.  Their prices are not much higher than Internet prices and their service has been great.  Give them a chance to earn your business!
1 My girlfriend recently took her 2009 Nissan Altima to this Big O for an oil change and tire rotation. Sep 14, 2012,  They recommended an air filter change and she agreed, got the car back and the next morning it stalls while driving to work. The car restarted and everything seemed fine. Called the owner' Ray" and he said bring it in and we'll take a look to make sure it's not anything we did. After keeping the car for the entire day Sep 15th, they said it was a bad "O2" sensor and it would cost $300 to replace. They said they connected a diagnostic device to the car to get the problem code. Luckily, I have a friend that owns an automotive business in the west valley and we took the car to him for a 2nd opinion. His techs did another diagnostic evaluation and there was nothing wrong with the O2 sensor, or any other part of the car. They specifically stated that they also checked the history of the computerized fault notification and there has never been a problem with any sensor of the car.  Please be very aware of the practices of this establishment as they are and will erroneously recommend unnecessary work on cars of unsuspecting customers. I am not sure if the fact that a female came by herself to get her car serviced presented an opportunity for this type of false diagnosis, but we are very happy to have known better than to trust the smiling faces and what appeared to be great customer service.
1 I have been going to Big O Tires for the past five years, and I have brought in one or two friends and always recommended the store on 4832 EAST WARNER ROAD, #4203, PHOENIX, AZ 85044.  After my experience with this store on 9/4/12 and 9/28/12 that is no longer the case.  The service at this store is deplorable, and here's why.  On 9/4/12 I brought in my 1998 Chevy Malibu for several things, one of them being the windows, which do not move up or down.  When I brought the car in, in the morning the driver's side window was in the up position.  When I came back to pick it up later that afternoon it  was and still is remains, in the open position halfway.  Why was it so hard to put it back the way it was found?    On 9/28/12 I brought the car back to double check the brakes that had been worked on previously on 9/4/12 and asked that they put the window back up.  I arrived around 1pm, I was told it would take a couple of hours, that was fine, I have no problem waiting an equitable amount of time.  At 2:38pm another customer came in with a big red truck with a lift kit on it.  He was also told a couple of hours, I was in the front when this happened standing by the window looking out at traffic, I was tired of sitting in the waiting room.  I heard the whole conversation.  I heard the guys in the front say they only had two techs working and cars ahead of him.    You can imagine my surprise when at 3:45 while I'm sitting in the waiting room watching the t.v. back there, this same customer walks in and sits down, and not five minutes later a tech comes in and tells him he's all done.  I hadn't heard anything on my car at that point, I saw that it was up a lift, that was it.  You only have two techs working, there's going to be a two hour wait, and he's done! Really?!  Why couldn't the other tech help out on my car which had been there AN HOUR AND A HALF BEFORE his?    From a customer stand point I feel like Big O really doesn't care about its customers.  Big O for sure doesn't care about my time or energy.  A cooler, shinier, newer vehicle comes along and that one just has to be done first, that's just not right.  Big O has betrayed my trust, and Big O has betrayed my loyalty.  At this point I no longer consider myself a big o customer and will not be singing your praises any further.  I can and am multiplying my disdain for this utterly disrespectful behavior far past the "11" people that a dissatisfied customer complains too.
5 These guys are awesome.  The store at this location was able to balance my tires quickly after another store tried three times only to tell me it was as good as it was going to get.  Thanks Ray.....
1 Do not get your car serviced here. We purchased a groupon for 3 oil changes. We called to make an appointment and they said no need just walk in. We walked in and this guy said they're too busy to get us in. we argued and we got in. they told us the groupon will be in the system and we do not need to keep the printed groupon. The 2nd time we came back they asked for the groupon. We argued then the guy working the counter gives us a punch card and says, "ok ill let it slide this time, but here is a punch card for the future." We've been here 3 hours and our car is still "30 minutes away" Judge Joe Brown is on the TV in the waiting room. I am. Going. Insane.
4 I was actually quite happy with the service that I had here at this Big O Center.  I needed new tires for my Motor Coach.   As it sits most of the year, I had not driven it for quite awhile. I ended up getting 6 new tires for it. They came with a good warrenty. They just took a few hours to them all on. They did a great job and when I came back to pick it up, it was all done. A really good price they gave me, in fact better than Discount Tires. They could not fit the Motor Coach in to the facility so they did it behind the shop.  I also needed my truck tires done. I had them done as well. Perfect job , and a warrenty as well as they filled the tires with Nitro. This is what helps them from going flat in the heat too quickly.   The Manager Russell was really helpful and was able to answer all my questions.
1 Spent $500 on a radiator for my truck. After 53 weeks it failed completely, 12 months and a week. Warranty was 12 months or 12k miles, total BS as every one else has lifetime warranty. This Big O is big CRAP. Read the fine print! These losers are like a Jiffy Lube. YOU WILL GET SCREWED! By the way, this is a private owned franchisee and not subject to Big O policies!!!!! SCAMMER AND CHEAT!!!! SO, I GUESS IF YOU BUY A RADIATOR FROM BIG O; YOU'DE BETTER BE PREPARED TO BUY ONE EVERY YEAR!!!!!
1 I have never been to this location and simply based on the pushy guy they have coming door to door never will. First of all he knocked loudly numerous times which made me think someone I knew was at my door rather than a stranger. After handing me a flyer he went into a routine about how I could save on oil changes, etc. I politely listened then replied that I get my work done with my dealership and he kept pushing. I said "no thanks I'm good" at least three times and started to close my door as he then goes well then give me that back ( referring to the flyer in my hand). The whole conversation just rubbed me the wrong way. If someone says no, you say thanks for your time and leave buddy.
5 Kind and professional.  I normally have had to wait all day for a response back, but today was different. I'm happy with the service!
5 Fantastic price, great Custer service, thank you Russell. So nice not to be upsaled constantly. Beat discount tire by $70 on a single tire. Bathrooms super clean too. Asked if they had any specials and automatically saved $10 on my oil change. Thanks!
5 Love this Big O Location! Russ and Ryan are a pleasure to work with. Very honest, friendly, clean and most important well priced service. I feel they are trustworthy and women are NOT talked down too. Thank you so much for taking care of my car. You have earned a client for life:)
5 Amazing place! I walked out to my car and realized I had a flat, since this place is so close to my place, I drove it there for assistance. This was on a Saturday, so they were pretty busy, I explained my situation to the guy working there and he informed me that there were several cars in front of me and if I was dropping my car off. I told him that I couldn't because I had errands to run. The manager on duty told the guy to put my car ahead of the others because mine wasn't a drop off and wouldn't take long at all as it was just to fix a flat. I was super thankful as he didn't have to do this! He really cared and went above and beyond. If you check in on Yelp, they'll give you free wipers! YAY! They were fast and friendly. While I waited, I had some of their complementary coffee and watched some tv. Will totally use these guys again!
