3 Honestly have experienced better. The management company (@UDR) is publicly traded so no surprise that interests are investors and not residents. Sierra Foothills, is not great at communication or transparency. Just a month ago notices were placed that they would be entering the dwellings for inspection - made me feel like a cell toss in Shawshank - come to later find out it was a prospective buyer of the property. My mailbox has been broken for 5 weeks; no notification about resolution or ETA. The USPS says it's up to the property to repair - UDR says it's up to the USPS. The front pool and fitness center is great and wonderful to spend time in and the clubhouse is 24 hour which is nice. All in all, the community is kept and it's where I call home, but let Sierra Foothills be a  "come back to re-review" in your apartment searching. Service request resolution time is quick, but overall management practice and communication could do with some work.
1 looks can be deceiving.  i've only been here a month and have never been able to park in my reserved spot as movers, cable installers air conditioning people constantly park there and management will do nothing.  almost all gates are broken.  so much for security.  I asked for a repair and received a note it was complete.  no it wasn't even done.  tons of people moving out constantly.  I was never given the gate codes to the pool and such.  the pool is brown on bottom and the hot tub does not work.  cant wait till my lease is up.
5 This community is very peaceful and quiet and the grounds are kept clean (no cigarette butts, trash, etc).  Maintenance has always been quick to respond and they are professional and friendly.  Office staff are very quick to assist tenants.   Gas BBqs throughout, beautiful lush landscaping, washer and dryer in unit, decent fitness center w/ restrooms, large spacious apartment units (some with garages) with TILE and plush carpet, 2 pools with misters (main pool has volleyball and a BBq for poolside fun).   I lived in Mark Taylor, and this is as close as you can get to it (minus the HIGH COST).  I work from home, and my blinds are open everyday, this is the quietest complex I have lived in.  I would say only a couple of minor complaints, 1. dog owners get lazy and leave their dog poo even though there are bountiful pet stations throughout. 2. The pools were cloudy and green and the lap pool had green mold growing (this was last seen by me in August so it may have been fixed).   Joel, You live in an apartment, there are going to be movers, cable installers, AC etc, hundreds of people live here, what do you expect? How did YOU move in? Teleport? Tons of people move in and out... it's an apartment complex.   I have been here almost a year and the gates have never been broken.  The managing company is Milestone Management.
