1 Worse place I have ever lived. The apartments are nice but if anything breaks it can take maintenance up to 10 months to fix it (even if it is something easy). The office staff has no idea what they are doing, they lose rent payments then charge a late fee even if you provide them with the receipt they gave you for your payment. They are friendly, nice and will do anything to get you to move in but once you sign the lease your stuck and they ignore you to try and help more people sign leases.
1 I am a current resident here and would do anything to move right now. Shortly after we moved in our showers stopped working half of the time (no water coming out of shower head, loud noise you could hear outside...), along with a laundry list of items throughout the apartment that were damaged or not functioning properly (i.e. ceiling fan in living room that was broken). I have put in three maintenance requests, talked to the manager and even contacted corporate regarding this. I received the run around "It has been fixed," "It will be fixed in this week," "We did not see anything that needed to be fixed." Only when I contacted corporate did they actually act like they cared and came in to fix these issues after months and sent a plumbing crew to fix the showers. Since then, our showers are still having problems. Along with the maintenance issues, they will do anything to get your money and make your lease worth breaking. Unfortunately, I had to resign the lease and I am now being charges hundreds of dollars. I went in prior to my lease expiring to take care of the paperwork, which was not ready. They called me one day after saying everything was ready but since I did not sign by the due date I will incur late fees and an extra charge on my monthly rental charge. They do not mandate pool policy and the cops have been called multiple times for noise violations at night, teenagers fighting, people smoking/drinking during the day, small children unattended (as little as three years old)..you name it. This place is awful and if I would've known the problems beforehand, I would've gladly paid a bit more and moved into a complex that actually cared about their residents... or even acted like it. Not to mentions, there is NO parking at night!
5 My boyfriend and I will be moving in 2 weeks and cannot be more excited. The community and apartments/town homes are exactly what we want and for a great price. Everyone at the leasing office is super nice and very well educated (even when they are newer) about the complex. So far so good!
