4 Many Holiday inn Express hotels are very similar. After ten years getting a little tired and in need of some updating.  This one has just been through an update and it was nice and the price was right.  Good beds and linens, free Wi Fi, and a really nice well stocked breakfast with OK coffee.  The missing star is for no cold water - plenty of hot water but in my room all the water ran hot.  Is that because Phoenix such a ridiculously hot hell hole?
4 Mid-June, 2011:  I like to stay at the Holiday Inn Express whenever I can find one.  I appreciate the consistency of the rooms, breakfasts, and wifi.  I've always found the staff helpful and friendly, regardless of the location.  Be aware, however, that price is not one of the consistencies; and the location often dictates what the price will be, which I guess makes sense ; )
5 I was looking for a place to get my 20 person fire crew a room for the night. we were headed to Southern AZ for the Horseshoe 2 fire. The price and location was right, so we stayed here.  Called an hour ahead and booked 10 rooms!  Thought that my short notice and extra work load would PO the staff, (as I tend to do with the nature of the work), but they remained very friendly and helpful through out it all.  The rooms were Great. Clean linens and the Beds were super comfy, but anything beats the rocks we're used to sleeping on in fire camp.
4 I was in town for business in Chandler, and they were cheaper than the other location (in Chandler). The rates were good at appr. $96 p/night on a Fri and Sat night.   Clean, really accessible off of I-10, and looks like it was recently upgraded.  I was able to ask for an early check-in with no additional hassle or charge. The staff-people were super friendly.  If you catch em in the lobby at the right time (at most other Holiday Inns also), they have warm Orville Redenbocker cookies in the early evening in the lobby, and fruit and coffee all day long as well.  My only gripe is that whatever cleaning solution they use on the laminate furniture leaves a sticky film, which I ended up wiping down myself.  it's a pet-peeve of mine when cleaning peeps use that instead of warm soapy water on furniture, which is really the better option. Chemical-based cleaning solution shouldn't be used on furniture, even if it's furniture polish!!  Lastly, you gotta follow the sign in from the street, and drive laboriously through a parking lot past the Cracker Barrel restaurant to get to the front door!!! ...no, you are NOT imagining things, and you are NOT lost.
5 While I'll admit to driving a pretentious car, I don't live that lifestyle.  The Holiday Inn Express chain suits me so much it borders on ridiculous.  The Chandler location represents one of the best.  It's in the humble, clean Chandler / Ahwaktukee neighborhood, clearly visible from 10 highway.  Helpful signs point you in its direction since there are a few other hotels around it.  Mischa greeted me warmly but this chain is especially gracious if you're a Gold or Elite member.  They granted me 300 points just for my first check in and offer you water.    Streamlined and convenient describe this site well.  Parking is plentiful and free.  Check in is quick and they give you the wifi info with the key card so you don't have to ask.  They offer coffee, lemon water and iced tea in the lobby even at 8 when I checked in.  The rooms have wonderfully high ceilings, a mini frig and microwave.  The A/C was already on when I walked in.  The wet bar, work area, couch and bed are arranged sensible.  Wi fi is free and not dog slow.  They feature a business center, fitness room and pool.    I like to compare and contrast this chain with those that are Hilton-run since I stay at one or the other most of all depending on where I travel for work and time of year I'm traveling.  The cost of having Chihuly sculptures in the central atrium, a bar and on-site (and mediocre though over-priced) restaurant never out-weigh the un-intimidating overall appearance of the property, genuine attitude of the staff, simple decor, free wi fi and quality materials that make up the linens, towels and complimentary toiletries.  They do offer a free complimentary hot breakfast, too, even if they don't offer made to order omelets.  To be fair, the reasonable rate and leisurely quality of this stay would have been different entirely during Spring training.  But I'm glad this branch is here and I look forward to staying here again!  A rare 5 stars from me.
5 I always stay at this location when visiting the Phoenix area.  It is accessible to the freeways and has a Cracker Barrel within walking distance from the hotel. As well as local eats and entertainment within a couple of minutes.  The accommodations have always been great.  The rooms clean, modern, and well kept.  A breakfast buffet in the mornings and courteous staff.  The pool is nice as well.  The price is always reasonable as well.   It's a main stay until I can relocate back to the area.
