4 Sometimes you need an outfit fast and cheap, and this my girly friends is one place you should check out. My shopping experiences have been very hit or miss, but If I need a cute top or dress XI comes to mind first!  You will find anything you need here...pants,shorts, tops, dresses, skirts, shoes, accessories, and so on but be warned most things here are skimpy. SO if you are looking for church wear..this may not be your best bet.
4 A ton of bar clothes, super cheap.  Ladies, if you hate to wear the same thing twice but cant afford a new wardrobe every weekend, this is your place.  Its almost overwhemlijng how many clothes are here, but its a great place to run into before a night out or a weekend in Vegas.    These clothes arent going to be passed down to your children, or maybe even worn by a friend because the matieral is cheap and they wont last long, but for $15, its worth it.    Docked a star for piss poor/slow cashier service and short doors on changing rooms.
3 This store is hit or miss for me. I've gotten a lot of cheap tops to wear out, but you get what you pay for - these tops never look the same after I've washed them a time or two.  The customer service is pretty bad, everyone who works there always seems miserable - never look you in the eye or smile.   But, nonetheless, I have gotten some fun things for dirt cheap - and I always pop my head in when I'm at Desert Ridge.
4 It can be a little overwhelming with so many clothes jam packed into the store but I've always managed to find great cheap items. Customer service is definitely a low point but for clothes that cheap I'm willing to ignore the employees.
4 I am much older than most customers here, but I can always find a  trendy item.  (I wear their sizes).  Recently got a "smashing pair" of Gladiator sandals in silver with jewels on them for a price too low to pass up.
4 I really must stay away from this store.    They have such cute clothes at very reasonable prices.    I can style them up easily for work or play.   The quality isn't the best but if you hand wash them they last longer.     I agree with other reviews that the staff isn't the best as far as customer service but for the prices, I'll deal with the lack of courtesy.  I really must find a hobby or a boyfriend...but this store is a good distraction for now.
3 I have a lot of fun shopping in this store. You have to bring in a lot at 1 time. Unfortunately you are only allowed 6 items at a time. I usually leave with 2 or 3 things at a time.  The only bad thing about this store is, I feel it has never been cleaned.  When you are trying on clothes that are light colored. Be careful. If it touched the floor it will get filthy dirty!
4 I came into the store since I was in need of some chic casual summer clothes and a friend of mine told me about this place. First of all, the place is huge which is great since they have a lot of clothes and accessories.  They are displayed according to trend and color.  I browsed around and I must have came on the right day and a good time since the gals were helpful.  I liked their clothing and the prices are definitely right. I didn't buy anything the day I was there since I didn't have much time. Would go back if I was looking for some trendy items that are seasonal that I would only wear for a few months since the quality of the clothing didn't seem to be that high. Overall, a great store for the Tweens  and teens!
1 I came here with a friend and I was unimpressed. The clothing is mostly slutty and cheap, and the staff is rude and slow! Reminded me of Forever 21. There were nothing but teenage girls and tween girls shopping here and they were running around like snotty little five-year-olds. I won't be going back here.
3 Hey, it's not the best quality.....but at the price, can you complain?  When you consider that most of what you buy here is going to be outdated soon , then the quality isn't as much of an issue!  And seriously, I've seen similar items at much costlier places.  Cheap, awesome!  The Pre-teen is happy with relatively uncool mom!  I'm golden for a few days!  We got the cutest blinged out Tunic for $17!  It will look awesome with leggings and is very "in".  The store had a much larger selection than I thought it would and I must say I was impressed.  Now, I agree that you might not want anything falling on the floor...........bit untidy.......but there are racks and racks of choices.  Takes a while to get checked out...  Lots of things were a little too "old" (on the glittery/slinky side) for the daughter but if you're trying to get your groove on, I'm sure you could find great clubbing gear here as well.  We will be back!  I just hope she holds off on some of the styles for a while.........(shakes head slowly as she knows it's only a matter of time!)
4 I just moved to AZ about 1 month ago. I was walking around Desert Ridge and saw this store. I knew that I had to go in. The store is AMAZING. It is organized by color so if you are looking for something in a specific color you know where to go. On the day that I went the girls were VERY helpful. I wasnt planning on buying anything my 1st day in the store... but there were so many cute things I couldnt help myself. I am busty on top and it is hard for me to find clothes that fit me properly (especially when it comes to the cheaper stores)... but this store has so many things that did fit. The quality of the clothes arent great (and that is why I took 1 star away)... but if you are looking something for 1 season, THEN THIS IS THE PERFECT STORE. The prices are great... so its totally worth it. If you are someone that likes clothes to last a few seasons then I would skip this store. You get what you pay for. They have the latest trends for a great price. Their return policy kinda sucks. You have 14 days to make a return (with tags still on the clothing) and you only get a store refund. You do not get your money back. So be sure that you love what you are buying.
5 I LOVE THIS STORE! It's much more big than the store at AZ Mills, I got Black suede pumps for $20!!! and a lace dress, and 2 blouses. I Can never walk out of this store empty handed. I reccoment it to any girl who loves fashion but does not want to pay the HIGH prices! :)
3 This is such a funny place. There's hundreds of thousands of items and it's all organized by color, cheap as hell and trendy, and I can never find anything I want to actually buy.   When I find something I want to try it on, either my ass or my tits don't fit in it. I'm pretty sure it's because the clothing is designed for preteens without a smidgen of body fat. Humph.  I have stocked up an arsenal of gym tank tops though. They're so cheap, I don't even mind if they get destroyed in the wash. I'll just buy some more. I ain't mad.
4 I adore this store! They sell items that remind me of what I can find at Forever 21 or Charlotte Russe at a fraction of the price! And I think Forever 21 is way overpriced, although, Charlotte Russe has great deals. Anyway I love that they have colors! I don't need more black & gray, the sections divided by hues are perfect for me. There is a high selection and all kinds of styles. It takes hours to see everything! The only thing that bothers me is that their return policy limit is so short. Most places have 30 days but this is only 14 days. That might seem like enough time, but when you're working and busy and don't live too close, it's a hassle! I would give it 5 stars in spite of that except for the fact that some of the employees aren't too nice. Granted it's a mix. I've dealt with a handful of  friendly gals and others that could care less. There is one checkout girl (long dark hair, fairly thin) that I see a lot who seems tired of working there. She answer questions as if she'd rather not have to and I've never seen her crack a smile or greeting. But if the staff isn't a big deal, go here, cause the clothes make up for it!
1 Not impressed! Limited small sizes, disorganized, incompetent, slow cashiers. A waste of time going here and the location at 101 and I-17.
