5 We called Memorial day weekend to find out prices of storage units and they were having a special going on that weekend.  However, I could not make it in that weekend so they reserved a unit for me and extended the offer until the next weekend.  When we went in yesterday, Juan helped us and was extremely nice and helpful.  He was more than willing to accommodate us and our requests.  I am very happy with the cleanliness of the storage unit and the customer service we received!
5 We needed storage for three months while we moved from California to the Phoenix area.  From the first long-distance phone call to get info on their services we felt welcome and cared for.  The staff went well beyond what was necessary to get us established with appropriate storage space and assisted us any time we needed them.  The location was very handy to us and the staff was terrific.  We could not have asked for more.
1 It may seem like they are such a nice company bc they want your business but beware horrible customer service. The unit itself can hardly ever help you they say you have to call the 800 number. They have the right at anytime to raise your rent. Hit you with $34 dollar late fee's after the 6th day and if your short just $1 they don't wait till you make your next payment nope they slap another fee of $50!!! That's your lien fee and then start sending you auction notices. All before your next payment due date.
5 I needed storage on a Sunday at 1130am really quick. I found this place doing a storage search and with the 1st month being $1.00 it caught my eye. Within 1 minute of completing my online form Lynn called me from Public Storage. She sounded very nice like she had a smile in her voice. Lynn welcomed me to Public Storage, gave some info, and asked if I needed any assistance before arriving there. I kindly said no and gave her my estimated time of arrival. As soon as I arrived Lynn had a smile on her face just like with her voice. She was very helpful & informative. Lynn made sure we knew about the property and had a piece of mind when storing at the property. Though I only need the extra storage for a couple of weeks after this experience I will ALWAYS come to this location for services. Lynn is their best representative in my opinion of one of the best things they have to offer. Genuinely nice and friendly customer service.  That is lacking at most businesses of today. Lynn though let's you know your satisfaction is what they are striving for!
5 I booked a storage unit online and was immediately contacted by the great team at Public Storage.  Dave and Juan made sure I had booked the right unit for my needs and scheduled a time for me to come in and see the unit. The day before I was supposed to come in they called to rind me. Their follow up and customer service was excellent
5 This place is great. I needed a small storage unit for some stuff while i was in between apartments and they helped me out greatly. Anna was extremely helpful and kind. I'd keep storing here just because of her service. She's awesome and deserves a raise!!
