4 ...
4 Yay, I'm a fan, but also do not have many choices in Desert Ridge. The store is clean, the people helpful and friendly and rarely have to wait long in line.   A plus for the cart/hand  wipes for germaphobes like me! That stuff should be mandatory in all grocery stores.
4 This store is always clean. There is an adorable senior citizen that hands out samples in the produce section. He is so sweet and loves kids. The sushi is decent being that it's pre-made. Very convenient that there is a Starbucks inside the store. During football season you get discounts if you wear a Cardinals jersey on sundays.
3 Now that I am a Desert Ridge resident, I have made frequent stops at this grocery store.  I like riding my bike over here to pick up a few small things.  Prices aren't bad, and I love that Albertsons doesn't force you to sign up for a "loyalty" card, but the selection leaves me mystified.  There's a massive selection of convenience items.  I really don't get why a grocery store at his location would be stocked with so many of these.  I know the mark up on convenience items is what grocery stores thrive on, but is Albertsons is in a big outdoor shopping mall.  CVS is right next door, and Target is on the other side of the parking lot; You've got to be nuts (or just really lazy) to pick up sunscreen or light bulbs here.  Albertsons does have a pretty shockingly big selection of random foods that you don't find in Fry's or Safeway, but unfortunately it also lacks a lot of the selection of what you can find at the other local grocers.  I also don't really like the layout of the store.  Most of the stores in the North Phoenix/Cave Creek/North Scottsdale area have switched to a look that feels more like a small specialty store.  Albertsons is clean, but still has more of an old school warehouse feel to it.  The scary part is I heard that the store was recently renovated.  I'm glad I didn't see what it used to look like.
3 All I have to say, I've never been to a grocery store and not found something I needed! This ALbertson's doesn't have guacamole! I asked 3 people, none of which walked me to the area as many other grocery stores do, but they all said "oh did you look in the deli department?" I obviously looked or I wouldn't be asking you. I am just baffled by my guacamole search at this store, I can't even get over it!   I'll say the cashier made up for some of my frustration by giving us many Monopoly pieces for their current store game. My son was very excited to get all those!
4 I really enjoy shopping here. The place is always clean, great selection of produce, and friendly service!
2 Shopping at this store is like being in an abusive relationship.  I know I should stay away, but I continue to think that things will magically change.  The extremely close proximity to my house is what keeps me coming back.  But the more I shop at this Albertsons, the more I despise it.  The store is always running out of the items that are on sale.  Many products on the shelves are extremely close to their pull dates.  I've even seen items on the shelves that are well past their expiration dates.  The produce rarely looks fresh and the meat and poultry never looks like it's great quality.  Albertsons staff is very friendly, but it doesn't really help when most of the time, they end what they're saying with "I'm sorry."
5 One of my favorite stores. I always find everything I need, except grits.
3 Don't shop here much...but like all Albertson's I like the fact that you don't need a club card to get great deals on your groceries. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
1 I   shopped at this  store loyally for almost 12 years, since they opened. My family has spent $1,000.00 or more per month there, making several visits per week.  That being said, I noticed it has always had much higher prices in comparison with Fry's except in regards to their liquor department.  Also, they do as stated in an above review run out of sale items as well as other high in demand items very quickly.  Still yet I continued to shop there due to its close proximity to my home as well as my familiarity of the lay out of the store.  I agree with Richard R.:  Shopping there is like being in an abusive relationship and finally I am leaving.  There has recently been an issue there with their bagging.  Essentially, groceries are being misplaced and sent home with the wrong customers causing excessive costs as well as inconvenience to both their customers as well as I am sure to their business.  My family recently came in contact with a night manager and attempted to address the situation with him.  He was hostile and in fact abusive not to mention unprofessional in the way that he handled the issue to put it mildly.     I contacted corporate as well as the store director regarding the situation.  Emails and phone calls went unreturned.  Finally they 'addressed' the situation (after SEVERAL follow up emails and phone calls on my part) , by essentially making excuses for themselves and being defensive of their complete thug of a manager who terrified my small child when he followed my family out to the parking lot after dark and threatened them.    I was (am not) looking for 'compensation' but all that they offered was for me to bring in my young son and have the offending manager apologize to him for his actions.  I left a message for the store director in an attempt to arrange the meeting and the store director  never returned my  call.  At this point, I give up.  I alerted the store to the problems it is having and the horrific way that my family was treated in order to help them to follow up and make improvements as a business in the neighborhood where I live.  I wanted nothing more than to be acknowledged and to give useful feedback to the store.    I will never shop in this store again or any store in the Albertson's chain for that matter.  They have a poor selection of products, inflated prices and absolutely zero regard, concern or respect for their customers.  I would rather pay more money to be treated better elsewhere.  However I have actually experienced a significant savings in food cost by shopping at Fry's.  That is not to mention the savings I receive from their gas rewards in addition to being valued as a customer.  It is worth the extra five minute drive up the road.
5 When we were thinking of moving away from this area the first thing i thought about is how much i'd miss seeing and talking to many of the employees here. They see me just about everyday of the week, they get to hear about my life, watch my kids grow and it just felt like we would have been moving away from family. Thats what i love about this store i feel like it is apart of our family thank you very much.
4 Overall I like this Albertsons, mostly because of its proximity but also because they have a separate entrance for the liquor...I know, it sounds like I'm binge drinking, but on the contrary, I simply find it convenient to quickly roll in and out when you need to pick up a quick bottle of wine for a party-and the selection of spirits is abundant.
4 I love the selection of organic all-natural foods here.  Plus the cashiers are always wicked friendly.  It's expensive and Target is just off yonder on the other side of the lot, but this Albertsons is never crowded. Plus parking is much less of a scary event on this side of Desert Ridge.
