1 This place is overwhelmed with scorpions.  Whatever you do, don't rent from these people.
5 I have been a resident at Andante for over a year now and just signed another year lease. The property is well kept and gated. There is a dog run for pet owners. The office staff is great to work with, especially Jeremy and Arnold. The maintenance staff completes their requests in a timely fashion. The pest control service is very beneficial and an included service. There are multiple pools and a lovely patio area by the main pool. This complex is also right next to the I-10 and very convenient to shopping. The rental rates are very reasonable for the apartment quality. I highly recommend this complex to anyone interested in a clean, convenient and professional establishment to live in.
1 Before you even think about moving in, buy yourself a GOOD UV Cree blacklight and take a stroll around the complex at night. Over our 12 month lease at Andante, my kids and I killed over 200 scorpions around and in our apartment. In fact, there were 6 dead scorpions IN our apartment when we moved in. If you don't have a problem living amongst potentially fatal bark scorpions, be my guest. I spoke with the bug man on the property several times and he stated he's "never seen anything like it".
1 Terrible place. I lived here between 2008-2009. The apartment was decent enough  but the office staff was absolutely horrid. They are pleasant long enough for you to sign the lease and then it's seriously like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde with all of them. Unless it has changed, you could only get Ygnition internet service which was abominable as well as expensive. The neighbors are creepy and late night parties every night of the week (with the wonderful smell of recreational drug use) is out of hand. Two years after I moved out, I suddenly had a delinquency on my credit report from them, claiming I moved out without notice and owed them an obscene amount of money. When they asked me about 45 days before my lease was up if I were planning on resigning I told them no, I was moving out. I was required to provide 30 days notice, which I did 15 days earlier than required. I've disputed the claim multiple times and they still refuse to remove it. Beware, this is the worst place I've ever lived.
4 The complex is nice, I love the apartment, the office staff is nice (though they replaced everyone in the last year, which is kind of odd), and, knock on wood, I haven't had issues with scorpions. I've only seen two dead ones in the last 10 months. The only thing that is bad about this complex is the internet. They will only let you go through New Media West, which I have had a ton of issues with. I was without internet for two straight weeks, completely unable to work, at one point. I've been without internet periodically since or had major issues with slowness. I'm bothered that we are not allowed to choose our own internet, I assume because Andante makes a fair amount of money forcing us to use this provider. I'd give them five stars if not for the internet.
