5 This starbucks is really clean eveyone seems to know each other and what they are going to order it's hard to find that these days.
4 The coffee shop is clean, we staffed and they get the order right.   One of the better Starbucks that I have visited in the Valley.   At times the place may be crowded, but a decent clientele.
3 This is my second choice location when I'm looking to fill my Starbucks requirement for the day.  It has a drive thru so this works for when I'm a bit on the lazy side.  The barista's are always helpful but have spoken down about other Starbucks locations and that just leaves a bad taste in my mouth (not coffee, just put downs).  Note to Starbucks - if you are listening - the piadini thingy with the spinach and feta was sooooo good, why, oh why did it leave and can it come back? - This would get me back into this store.
5 Great places, full of nice baristas
1 The employees at this location always seem to have a latte up their a**. The few times that I have been here, I have felt that I'm bothering the employees and interrupting their conversations.
3 I prefer to go to local coffee shops and support them rather than go to Starbucks. My only issue with this Starbucks is that the staff aren't very friendly rather you're going through the drive-thru or going inside. This one was right next to my house so I would stop in purely based on convenience but if I had time I'd go somewhere else for sure.
4 As good as a Starbucks gets! This is such a busy location. I really wish they would put another one in the Foothills. I've also had quite a few 'pay it forwards' in the drive thru- which always make my day. Then I get to do it to someone else! 8)
4 I like this location, it is clean and the staff is friendly.  The drive thru is SUPER SLOW so if you're in a rush, get out of your car and walk inside.  This is the main location in ahawatukee, so it is packed most of the time.  Not too much sitting space inside, so it's more of a place for a quick meeting or get your coffee and go.  Otherwise, another one of my places for coffee!
4 Great place, clean and friendly, fast internet connection.  The only thing is they don't have that much outlets. They have 3 that I know of and they are in the corners where only one person can use it and blocking off from others.
1 The employees at this location are more concerned with each other than the customers making the service consistently slow. Thankfully a new coffee shop opened less than a 1/2 block away and I don't have to suffer the indifferent staff here any longer.
4 This is a good location, and constantly busy! They have good service, everyone has a great attitude, and the lobby is nice and comfortable.   My only complaint with this location is the parking lot, and specifically how hard it is to get in and out, especially when it is busy. Be ready to cram through some tight spots and dodge some cars if you are there when it's busy!
4 Good neighborhood Starbucks. I love that there is a drive thru here. It makes it so convenient to swing through on your way to run errands on a Saturday. Only real criticism is the drive thru line. It's always long. But that's just because we are all too lazy to go inside.
1 This is a horrible Starbucks! They consistently mess up and don't compensate for it.  It's very disappointing because we love Starbucks! Both gold members and now have to find a new Starbucks:( we even asked if we could have the managers card and none of the regular staff knew how to help us nor did they apologize! It took 20 minutes to get our drinks! First ordered in the drive thru then had to walk in.
2 Friendly staff and consistently good service. This location needs to be expanded however. Often times you can't get a seat. I've seen in.erous people come and and leave without buying anything due to lack of seating. Me included. Take over the location next door and expand.
