4 I needed new Air Jordans so I treked out to Anthem to see what they had. It's a big store with clothing and other merchandise including accessories plus the shoes.   It's all about the shoes for me. I was able to find some Air Jordans for about $90, which was comparable to other Nike stores that I have shopped at in the midwest.
4 This is my favorite of all the Nike stores in AZ.  They always have a great selection, and good size runs.  Their prices are already discounted from the original retail price, and they often have sales that slash the prices even more.  The best thing about this particular outlet is that they often have samples that are not available for purchase at other retailers that sell Nikes.  The only gripe I have about it is that it is so far away.  The location is just terrible.
5 Very Nice Nike outlet. I mean come on who doesn't love Nike... and doesn't love them at a cheaper price??!   This store has a great selection, always have stuff on sale ontop of the cheaper prices.
4 Great spot for your Nike fix. They got a great selection of shoes, tees, & accessories. They have good prices and always a bunch items on sale from there already low prices.
5 They have great pairs of shoes at discounted prices.    They also have different apparel for cheap as well although its not consistent.    However, if you are ever in the area you might experience the WOW FACTOR like I did when I scored two shirts for $20.  If you love NIKE and need a fix then Nike Factory Store is as good as it gets !
3 Not that many great deals for being an "outlet"
4 Did some shoe shopping for Kiddo and bought a pair of sandals for him here ($20).  The store was pretty busy....arguably, the busiest store in the deteriorating Anthem Outlet Mall.  While we were there, I spotted some workout shorts and ended up buying a pair for $25.  Nice selection here, wish it was closer to Scottsdale.  Return Factor - 75%
1 As far as Nike Factory Stores go...this was one of the worst...I think they were remodeling when I was in there because they didn't have much to offer.
