4 This review is for Banner Desert Medical's education center... which was great.  I've taken a couple of prenatal education classes here and each one has had a knowledgeable, enthusiastic nurse instructor and good information.  Their personalities and obvious passion for their job and hospital make me think I'd choose to be a patient here in the future.    You can see their classes and register online, which is convenient.  Check your insurance... as some will pay for the classes! :)  http://www.bannerhealt...  My classes were Childbirth Prep and a Baby Care class.   2 thumbs up for both!  I'm looking at what else I can take next... I definitely think mothers who are planning to nurse should take the breastfeeding class!  See ya there!
4 It's Banner, so...yeah. However, now that they've remodeled or built onto so many things, it's much much nicer. Went into the new cafeteria for the first the other day, and all I can say is wow. Best cafeteria out of all the hospitals in the valley.
5 This hospital took great care of my father when he was diagnosed with cirrhosis and again when we brought my 6 month old in with a 104.2 fever.  Both were admitted for a week and all the staff we encountered were extremely caring and professional. The nurses and doctors were very gentle with my baby girl and took great care of my dad. I also love the pediatric icu. Lots of cool things for kids to do and look at when they get sick. Great hospital. So much better than Shea!!!
2 This is the hospital in which I gave birth in and my experience here was NOT great. I really feel like when you are admitted into a hospital, the nurses who are assigned to you truly make a big difference. Being there already is a sucky feeling bc who the hell likes being at the hospital?! Surely not I. It smells gross and makes me feel all depressed, so at the VERY least, you nurses better show your patients some great patient care damnit!!!  Anyway, I walk into the labor & delivery department and spot about 4 nurses just sitting there chit-chatting ('m assuming it was a slow night for them). They initially all just stared at me.. and one finally walks up and asks me unpleasantly with her bitchface on "How can I help you?" First of all, can you at least smile or something? Do you really hate your job that much that you can't even look friendly or approachable? Why are you even a nurse? And bitch, I am in effing pain so yes you can help me!!! OMGGGG these bitches.  OKAY.. I have a feeling this is gna turn into a novel and I will probably get a little out of control bc I get really angry when I think about my experience there...so I will do you all a favor and get to the point. All in all, the nurses that I had were all rude and annoying. Most of them were new graduates with NO experience whatsoever so I was pretty much their guinea pig during my hospital stay. Though I did have a really SWEET Filipino lady as my nurse during the night shift and she took great care of my baby and I. I wish I remembered her name so she can get the appropriate recognition for being so awesome bc girrrrrrrl let me tell ya, that is what a REAL nurse should be like. She was very accommodating to my requests/needs and always made sure that I was comfortable.. so yes, shout out to her-- haaaaayyy girl hayyyyy :D  As for the other nurses, you guys need to go back and really ask yourselves if you're in this field for the right reasons. It upsets/angers me that when I relive the moment of giving birth to my FIRST child, I remember what bitches I had to deal with on TOP of the pain I was going through. SHAME SHAME.. needless to say, my next child will not be delivered at Banner.   OH.. and also, when I got my epidural, my lovely anesthesiologist had to poke me TWICE bc she messed up the first time. Like um what? Are you trying to paralyze me?!?!
5 When writing a review for a place it normally is a light hearted review not really of a personal matter, and I really wasnt going to write a review for Banner Health Hospital, but after reading some of the reviews I felt the hospital and staff desevre recognition of being a kind and caring place. My daughter delivered her baby, baby had health issues and pasted away and this review is about the Drs and Nurses and staff, everyone from labor and delivery to NICU were so caring, kind and just made us feel as if they were there for us, I did spend some time down in the cafeteria, and there is some good food coming out of there, was impressed. But mostly I was impressed with the nurses and staff, just want to thank them for there help!
1 I was just in the hospital Banner  Desert Medical Center recently 5-17 thru 5-21 due to an emergency. Getting checked in thru E.R. was fine. then the nightmare was to start.  I am checked out then sent to ultra sound.  Mind you there was one person in the room and by the time about 1 hr later the room was full and not moving, I saw many associates bringing lunch in etc. but when I scheduled business we would make sure things were covered like it never changed. While waiting for a room  my heart was in afib witch that is not why I was there. During my stay all the nurses just didn't seem to care I would call a nurse for assistance they would answer on the intercom, they would be right in and 1 or so hrs. later you might get lucky,  I am on many pain meds for fibromialgia. RA. and many more ailments and when ever they see (any medical center) you are automatic a drug Addict and denied my meds.  I eventually went thru detox which was not good for my heart.  i had celulitus and was in fear in getting mursa or the flesh eating desease which we are still monitoring at home. thank god I am home, You know the food was probably good but when I am sick I just cant see eating spicy foods so I couldn't eat for 4 days.  my Husband would bring me yogart to eat.  the med. asst. was walking around the room and I look down and on his foot he had a huge wad of black hair from a previous patient so what does that tell you. I just about thru up.  This Hospital was so filthy I couldn't believe it, if you touch anything there was either black crap or crunchy stuff on the trays,  I finally asked for some wipes to clean my area up. Due to the neglect of the nurses not answering the page I guess I decided to check out oh ya one of the aids came in the room and found me blue (dead) in bed and they had to revive me. I am only 57 and shouldn't be dieing this young I feel it was neglect. Out of all the shifts I went thru the only efficient nurses were the crisis crew, and a Filipino Gal 17yr veteran there and the nurses aid Deanna they worked on the 4th floor night shift 5-20 Sunday.  very very efficient and they deserve a medal... grant id i am a hard patient to work with at times but not that difficult hospital stunk so bad my sister ordered flowers that smelled good to cover up the smell.  whats  with that I have 5 dogs and my house doesn't even smell like dog and with my disabilities I am not able to keep up as well as i would like. I finally was able to take a shower after asking numerous times and if you want you sheets changed you actually have to ask.  to sum it up you need to watch where your hands touch uggg.  I hate doing this but it needs to be addressed for the board members I don't think they would want to stay in that place. If so i would like to see their homes and how clean they are.  Thank You for letting me have a platform to vent and hopefully fix it. Pam Pierson
3 I had done a review last night due to  Banner Desert Medical Center I should add some of the good things that went on too. when I was being checked at the ER, they were very quick in calling us up for evaluation in that time they had found I was in AFIB which can be very dangerous if not treated. and by the time I was finished with insurance documation, etc i believe i was taken right to the back for the DR.. to check me out. so there is a rainbow at the end of the tunnel. Some of the nursing staff and doctors were very efficient too, so they override the bad.  my Pharmacy DR.. and my other DR that came in daily were very patient in explaining things to me .  I think if the rough edges get taken care of maybe this could be an enjoyable place to be despite why we have to go to the hospital.  THE ONLY THING THAT REALLY NEEDS TO BE ADDRESSED ASAP IS CLEANING THE ROOMS TOP TO BOTTOM, LIKE THE FOOD TRAYS ALL THE MEDAL ON THE LEGS OF THE IV WHEELIES, ETC. AND UNDER ALL THE BEDS ALL THE METAL AROUND THE FIXTURES, THIS MIGHT TAKE TIME AT FIRST BUT IF DONE RIGHT THE FIRST TIME AND UPKEEP DAILY THAT WOULD DO IT.  NOTHING LIKE THE SMELL OF PINE SOL AND LYSOL WHEN YOU ENTER YOUR STERILE ROOM AND DON'T FORGET  ALL THE REMOTES IT WOULD PROBABLY TAKE 12 MIN. FOR EACH ROOM AND BATHROOM TO DO IF YOU HAVE AN EFFICIENT EMPLOYEE. well i want to thank you for hearing me out and wish you luck in up-keeping the rooms i am sure i will be back.   Pam P
1 Terrible ER.  Maybe the staff in other areas is decent but the ER is just awful.  I've been there three times - each time, the wait was 4 hours +, the admitting nurses were rude, the 'nurse assistants' which you see instead of a real doctor were uninterested in helping, and you only see an actual doctor for less than a minute.  Oh, and they do everything they can to avoid running tests.  I went in for chest pains and it took them 4 hours to give me a breathing treatment, which they did without ever running a single test to see what the problem was.  I went in for a stomach issue and they attempted to give me a medication I'm allergic to - when I said I wouldn't take it, they had a doctor come in to try to talk me into it.  Hello, ALLERGY!  I could go on and on, because they're terrible every step of the way, but no tests + no doctors pretty much sums it up.
1 I was misdiagnosed and given HEART SURGERY by mistake. This happened at Banner Desert Hospital in Mesa, Arizona.  I share my story in hopes that you will become aware of this epidemic of Medical Mistakes and Errors. This could have easily happened to you. Please share this movie with all your friends and family. Awareness and education could save a life. Share your comments or stories of medical mistakes..Let be silent no more  Please watch all 4 parts on youtube Shannon Koob story of heart surgery by mistake  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AjnGowZH0A
1 I was misdiagnosed and given HEART SURGERY by mistake. This happened at Banner Desert Hospital in Mesa, Arizona.  I share my story in hopes that you will become aware of this epidemic of Medical Mistakes and Errors. This could have easily happened to you. Please share this movie with all your friends and family. Awareness and education could save a life. Share your comments or stories of medical mistakes..Let be silent no more.  Watch my 4 part video on youtube " Shannon Koob Story of heart surgery by mistake"  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AjnGowZH0A
5 I would give 10 stars if it were possible.  I would like to start this review by stating that I did not, in any way, want to be at this hospital.  My original birth plan was to be a a fancier hospital in North Scottsdale because of their reputation.  I had been to Banner Desert a couple of times to visit friends who had given birth and I was never impressed.  I was admitted to the hospital by a high risk OBGYN due to high blood pressure and possible pre-eclampsia.  I went in with the thought that I would be in for 48 hours of observation and then on my way out to enjoy bed rest in the comfort of my own home.  Well, I ended up staying for 5 weeks.  During this time, I was taken care of in their Antepartum unit.  The nurses and aides were amazing.  They were kind, compassionate and treated me like family rather than just another patient.  They were not only accomodating to me but my husband who stayed the night several times per week.    After 5 weeks it was time to have my baby delivered.  I couldn't deliver naturally so the doctors took me in for an emergency c-section.  I was so terrified and as the surgery began, I was alone in the operating room with only surgery techs and the anesthesiologist.  I told one of the techs how scared I was and she held my hand while I received my spinal and talked to me the whole time which kept me calmed down.  As terrifying as the experience could have been, everyone in the OR was wonderful.  My baby has been in the NICU for 4 weeks now and has not been all smooth sailing.  My baby got NEC, a very serious intestinal disease, but was caught early and resolved because of fast acting nurses and doctors.  And while I'd much rather have my daughter home with me, I feel very comfortable knowing she is in the wonderful hands of the NICU team.  After this experience, I would never want to be at any other hospital.
4 Why do they even let people rate hospitals? It's not like we really have a choice when we really need one. Anyways, I've had a good experience overall so far with a recent emergency. EVERY person who worked there treated my family and I with professionalism and respect. The nurse to patient ratio seemed really good.  Support staff and technicians have also been really helpful. However, it does not get five stars because I've had very little interaction with actual doctors.
5 I had a total thyroidectomy at Banner Desert, and my experience was about as flawless as possible. Everybody I dealt with, on both the admin and medical sides, was 100% professional and competent. My private room was spartan, but functional and clean. Hell, even the food was good. My procedure and recovery went so well that now, only 28 hours later, I'm nearly pain-free. I have no problem recommending Banner Desert to anybody.
5 I had my partial thyoidectomy last month at Banner Desert. Smooth sailing all around; I can honestly say I didn't have a bad experience with anyone that works there.   It was also awesome I didn't have to share a room with anyone . . . Especially when my sister later told me I was saying stuff such as, "Where were these drugs when I was in college?!" among other things I'd rather forget I said while recovering/baked. :)
1 This pertains specifically to the ER. I've currently been sitting here an hour and a half. I've having terrible chest pains and trouble breathing. They gave me a mask and told me to have a seat. There was a young gentlemen that came in having issues with his epilepsy and he was set to wait in line with all of us for a doctor to see him. Mean while he has a seziure, falls out of his wheel chair, and busts his head on the concrete. I'm sick of sitting here in this sess pool of germs. I feel like I've gotten sicker by just being here. Before considering coming here, think to yourself "are you really that sick??"...it might be better to go get some hot soup and sleep it off!
4 I've been here a few times lately to visit my brother-on-law & to have some pre-op appointments.  It seems to be clean & well-kept. The staff that I have encounterd has been friendly & helpful. When I have surgery, I know I will be in good hands.
1 I dislocated my shoulder while out of my home state and went to Banner emergency to have it taken care of.  I got a bill from my insurance showing that Banner had been paid, then 2 weeks later I get a letter from collections. I called collection to find out what was going on and apparently the hospital wrote my address down one number off! 2320 instead of 3320. This was for a second bill for the actual physician. Instead of calling me, contacting my insurance, or doing anything proactive, they sent me straight to collections!!! This resulted in me paying over $1000 in order have a hold placed while my insurance sorts it out with Banner so that I don't get a big penalty placed on my credit.   The hospital side got it right and everything went smoothly, but the physician bill has been a HUGE pain. They obviously have some serious internal communication issues and business policies that are not consumer friendly. I can understand someone typing a number incorrectly, but to not even bother to pick up a phone, contact my insurance, or ask the other half of their billing department for clarification...that is terrible.   I am still dealing with this headache and not once has anyone from Banner said "We are sorry for your inconvenience" or the like.  I should have just popped it back in myself instead of going to Banner!
1 Worst experience I could of imagined.... First the call to the ER. The lady was so rude and refused to let me speak to someone else. Like her pride was beyond my son health.... Then when I got here I thought I was in the hunger games fighting for my life how I begged/yelled at the girl to at lest sign us in while a drugged up junky was ranting and raving... No surprise all eyes on the one well enough to piss us all off is getting all the attention while the room is packed with sick people.. Well I get the attention of a worker that isn't doing anything so I ask if I could get signed in she points to the clerk (very interested in what is going on with dumb ass) and tells me she cant, only she can...  I finally got signed in.... Since I know I'm in for a long wait I thought I might as well jump on yelp! Never go here!! 911 can send u a medic just tell the operator u don't know if it is an emergence but your scared.  It made me put a star.. I didn't want to!
1 Worst hospital experience ever. Without giving into any medical details - the staff is rude and uninterested. When I asked a question as to why the person I brought to the ER was not being seen in OVER THREE HOURS (what kind of emergency help is that?) I was told that his condition is not life threatening and he can wait and the reason that it is taking so long is because of the family members like myself who are distracting them from work. Really? I can't ask questions but I sure should be responsible for the thousands of dollars you're going to bill me later???  I understand that emergency rooms get overcrowded and understaffed but that is no excuse to treat us like cattle.
3 Banner Desert Hospital (formerly known as Desert Samaritan Hospital) was the hospital I was born at many years ago and is also the hospital I had 3 of my sons at.  Although I have been on just about every floor & unit (either as a patient or a visitor) I dont think its fair to judge or review a hospital as a whole based on the service or experience you had on just 1 area.  All in all the hospital is decent.   Things I Liked:  the various areas with different themes such as the cow garden, the train garden, the froggy forest, Zen garden, etc.  The patients get to custom order their meals and it's actually very good, as is the made to order cafeteria food. The patient tracking system they have for the people in surgery.   Things I disliked: There's no smoking allowed anywhere on property and the security is constantly patrolling looking to bust you smoking.  The parking sucks.  All the doors close and lock at 9 and there's only 1 way to enter which is usually on the opposite end of the building then I need to be. Its very easy to get lost and their signs,  inside & out, are confusing. They are slow to discharge.   To sum it all up I am sure there are better hospitals but this is the only one I'd ever visit or recommend!!
5 I would give this hospital and its staff 100 stars if I could. I had been in Arizona for all of two weeks in 2007 when I began experiencing excruciating pain in my right leg. I was taken to mesa general and given an ultrasound. They found a DVT ( blood clot) that extended from my pelvis to my knee. I also found out I was 2 months pregnant. I was transferred by helicopter to Banner Desert.   I was terrified because I had only been in Arizona a short time, I did not know anyone, I did not have insurance yet either.   I was seen by Doctor Stephanie Martin, who was AMAZING. She was part of the Phoenix Perinatal Associates ( who i highly recommend). She got me signed up for insurance and got my treatment started. I spent two weeks in the hospital. The nurses and techs were so friendly and caring. I had never seen anything like it before. I could not have been happier with my experience. I delivered my Daughter there 7 months later and I also delivered my third child there in 2009.
5 I had open heart surgery after a cath that showed my heart had a blockage that could not have a stent in it. Everyone here has treated me excellent.
5 My Dad was here for a week.  He was visiting Scottsdale on vacation and came down ill with pneumonia.  The care he received was incredible.  Many to thank including Soo and Ethyl.    Nurses are angels on earth.  'Nuff said.
4 My daughter had just turned 2 and was having trouble breathing (wheezing and waking up to catch her breath one night). She had a high fever and since she had a febrile seizure before, that's what brought me in to her ped. I had no idea she had croup or what that was. The shots didn't work so we were sent to the ER for breathing treatments. We stayed overnight because although they were working at first, she was getting better. I truly appreciate the staff and every doctor we met. They took great care of her and didn't send me home right away, but instead took their time to really monitor her. I was very happy with everyone and for making it less scary for my toddler.
5 Unfortunately we had to bring our 3 week old son to the hospital for a bladder infection, but fortunately we were smart enough to bring him to Cardons! Everyone here is so nice and helpful. All of the nurses have been great and they all know tons.   If your child staying in the hospital, the last thing you think about is if the food is going to be good...until you've been there for a few days and have had to eat it a few times. Here's the deal... The food that they bring you to your room, not great, but hey it's food and you gotta eat. However, if you take the time to go down to the cafeteria and order some food that they will make fresh for you, it's so much better.   Another one of those things you don't care about until a few days after admission is sleeping arrangements. The bed setup in the rooms is pretty dismal. It's a weird couch thing that turns into a bed but it's so small and me and my wife had to swish onto this thing until we were smart enough to go to the store and get an air mattress. Now my wife sleeps on that and I'm on the weird couch/bed but I have a foam mattress topper and it is much more comfortable.   I didn't come to the hospital to eat great food and get a good nights sleep. I came to get my son the care that he needs and for that reason, Cardons gets 5 starts. Is give them 6 if I could. He has gotten such great attention and care here. I will hopefully not need to come back but if I ever need a children's hospital again, I will come here in a heartbeat.
5 Excellent care. The teams in A 3 are Top Shelf. From the cleaning crew to aides to nurses to room service to midnight vampires to doctors, everyone was fabulous. Always cheerful, kind, warm, gentle hands and hearts and good ear.
5 Unbelievable care given to me last night at Banner Desert!  From start to release I met the most wonderful staff.  ER was packed with all sorts of emergencies but saw a staff that worked together to help everyone.  I received exceptional service... it has been over 8 years since I have had to use a ER... So surprised by the new technology the incredible number of beds.  Yet I felt that I wasn't just a number/ body to treat.   Thank you to all of you who work there!
