4 I can't help myself, I just enjoy coming in here to see what funny/nostalgic things they have to offer.  I don't usually find anything for myself here these days...as I am a bit older now, but they do have some great shirts (bands and funny ones), a wide variety of make up and body jewelery, and some cute shoes.
5 This store is great. I was Christmas shopping for my 14 year old granddaughter no fun especially at Christmas time. I was fortunate enough to run into Jessica the manager of this store and not only was she friendly,helpful and smart. She actually looked at my list talked to my daughter to get sizes and etc and did the actual shopping for me. I want to let everyone know that Jessica the manager here made my difficult task not only easy but pleasurable.  Jessica is the best and I will recommend her and her store to anyone who will listen.
4 I used to make fun of this place as a teenager but secretly buy everything here. I'm pretty sure everyone did that in high school, right?  Well now I'm an adult or whatever and I stopped in to pick up some things for a party. The girls working here are spunky, fashionable and extremely nice. They were friendly and helpful and also went away quickly when I just wanted to browse.   The prices are a bit high for what you're getting, but that's nothing new.
4 Walking in here, my friends and I felt a bit uncomfortable because of the emo/goth atmosphere. The employees too had unnatural hair colors and lip piercings and all that shebang. But there's nothing wrong with that. We stuck out like pink poodles. My friends and I were just looking around when I saw the display of band tee shirts in the back. I was totally psyched when I saw a Paramore band tee; and the best thing was that it was only $10! Definitely the best place for band tees(I even saw one direction in the corner). Talk about out of place! One thing I was a bit confused about were the tutus in the corner. Do people wear tutus on days other than Halloween? Definitely a teen store.
4 In high school, I was a big fan of Hot Topic and had a lot of shirts from here. Nowadays, I don't do much shopping here unless I need a gift for my sister-in-law or something My Little Pony related. Hot Topic has so much TV show merchandise and I love it. (MLP, Adventure Time, Invader Zim, etc.) If it wasn't for Hot Topic, it would be hard to get my hands on these items locally. (The internet is another story.) This particular Hot Topic seems rather small, but jam packed with merchandise. Fortunately, everything is displayed well and easy to locate the specific sections. When I went, there were parents purchasing gifts for their children. There was only one employee at the register, so it took a long time to make my single purchase.  Not sure if this is normal, but I would recommend having more employees on hand. Overall, it's in a good location and has plenty stocked.
