4 We have four cats and have been using Dobson Animal Ranch for almost a year. It's clean and convienent and the prices are normal.   They have forms for authorizing someone like a petsitter to make care decisions in your stead (which is very important for us as we travel often.) They were also kind enough to fax our vaccination information to a kennel on a holiday weekend when our AC went out and we needed to kennel the kitties.  They are well informed and did not push services. When one of our cats had a reaction to a vaccine, they were great about keeping us informed and the follow up care has been outstanding.
5 I finally found a veterinarian that really cares about the animals they treat.  I had to take my little dog in because of bad allergies and he had scratched his face so much it was bleeding.  The took such good care of him and talked to me about all the possibilities and wasn't just trying to rack up the bill with unnecessary tests.  He sent us home with a tube of cream and a 'lamp shade" to put around his face.  Then the doc called the next day to see how he was doing?  WHAT????  He called me to see how my dog is doing?  Unbelievable!  I took him back for a follow up and I'm happy to report he's doing very well and is back to his playful self.  Nice, friendly, professional staff...caring doctors.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!  P.S.  Dr's are cute too!
5 Can I just say that I've never ever had a more thorough vet?  Our cat was diagnosed with leukemia last year, and we saw the last vet several times without answers to simple questions.  Dr. Barnard answered all of our questions with more than just a simple, dumbed-down answer. And he didn't act like he couldn't wait to get out of the room, which has been our experience with every other vet we've tried.  When I thanked him for taking the time to answer all of our questions, he acted like it was no big deal, like it's normal operating procedure... which makes me a happy kittie-mama.  Not only did he answer our questions, he came up with solutions to problems that the other vet just ignored.  Like the fact that the medicine that she needs is so nasty tasting, she spits it out and there's no way to get her to take it orally.  Dr. Barnard suggested a trans-dermal med we put straight into her ear.  And to top it off, the bills, tests, and medicines were less expensive than our last vet.  Significantly less expensive.  And instead of getting tests that we didn't need, he figured out what needed to be done and we did that.  And then, he wrote us an Rx for a human pharmacy because buying the same med from him was more expensive.  Saved us $25 just in that act.  And then to top it off, the pet pharmacy he sent us to was soooo much cheaper than the last vet's.  The last vet was $130 for a one month supply of the oral.  This one was $31.90 for a 2-month supply of the trans-dermal!    I highly recommend this vet and will do so to all my family and friends.
1 Let me preface this by saying we've previously seen Dr. Barnard, who is wonderful, but sadly we've chosen to end our long time relationship with DRAH after a recent experience with their newest addition, Dr. Thomas, who, according to the also new office manager, Kim, was willing to allow us to bring in a dying new born kitten to end it's suffering contingent only on wanting to charge us exorbitant fees ($85 for an "emergency visit," even though I could easily have made it there before closing if I had not been kept on hold for 15 minutes awaiting Dr. Thomas' decision) and another ridiculous $157 to euthanize  the poor thing. Here's my question for Dr. Thomas - what ever happened to "First do no harm? The AVMA plainly states "Veterinarians should first consider the needs of the patient: to relieve disease, suffering, or disability while minimizing pain or fear."  I have no doubt Dr. Barnard would have first considered the condition and suffering of my pet before considering the condition of my bank account. I am heartbroken that Dr. Thomas clearly does not follow that same moral compass, and that Dr. Barnard would welcome someone this vacant of compassion into his practice.
5 I was sooooo happy with my experience at this vet. First off they are open 7 days a week and they do payment plans. My puppy just got really sick and I needed to take her in and am short on cash so that is why I took her there. I did not have any high expectations, but just wanted to know what was going on with her. It ends up she has parvo and Dr. Barnard and the vet tech (forgot her name, but wish i could mention her on here) were extremely thorough, took extra time to give me detailed instructions for at-home care, did not pressure me into trying to do anything out of my price range, and were just amazing. I am used to vets that push me to spend extra every time I go even when I tell them I can barely afford what I am there for, and having half-hearted service. This was not the case here!!!
5 I've been using DRAH for over 5 years and have no plans to ever change. Every staff member is highly attentive and caring to both you and your pets' needs. No question is too trivial for them. I have COMPLETE confidence in DRAH and encourage anyone to give them a try ... You'll make them your permanent veterinary service.
5 The staff is very nice and helpful. They offer half off the visit fee for first time patients. Our doctor was very nice and he didn't push us to get all of the suggestions they had given us.
5 This place has been fantastic! What a perfect find. Being newer to the Valley, finding a vet I can trust that treats me and my pup right is important! From the minute I called to schedule a new patient appointment, I could tell that I was going to receive fantastic service. My wellness visit being a new patient was 1/2 off for first one, and I met with Dr. Graham. He has been a fantastic vet to have so far! I was reluctant to get my dog spayed, unsure if it was the right thing. Haven't found a place I was comfortable with the vet, and the price. Luckily if its needed, Dobson Ranch is more than happy to make payment accomidations. Never throughout my appointments have I felt pressured into things I don't need, or treated rudely if I refused certain vaccinations. Another cool thing, they set up this site called Petly, which is online and allows you to monitor all of your pets vaccinations, next appointment dates etc online. Pretty nifty. Finally made the decision to have my girl spayed. First time I've ever had a pet go through this surgery and had to deal with post-surgical care. Dr. Graham met with me about 4 days after cause I had concerns and they immediately got me in and didn't charge me extra to check up on it. Everything is going great and will be going in for the final follow-up appointment next week! Would highly recommend them for anyone!
5 I always have a warm and fuzzy feeling at Dobson Ranch Animal Hospital. I feel like the techs and doctors truly care about me and my dog and he is always given the attention needed. I never feel rushed there nor do I feel like I am waiting too long. They also have a groomer there which is very convenient. I never feel like they overcharge or try to push services. They are very honest and will tell you what options you have.  It's also very easy to schedule an appointment and they have very accommodating hours, and the reception staff is always so bubbly on the phone and in person. I found this place when I was new to town and my last dog was getting sick and I did not have a vet here yet, and I'm glad I found them and I will always go back to them.
5 The techs and Dr was very caring and kind. We got right in and didn't feel rushed. Even though my dog was acting like she felt better when we got there I didn't feel like they didn't believe me she was not feeling well. Dr was very gentle and thorough. I didn't feel like I was over charged or sold anything we didn't need. No up selling.
4 my first visit with DR Bernard I felt so great. I had no idea they had payment arrangements and the condition my dog was in would have cost me an arm and a leg. he gave me options and even put the follow-up visit on my payment arrangement since that do not adjust payment arrangements. my dog is doing great. BUT I went back for the follow-up visit and didn't feel the same, it was a different DR I will leave it at that. When i was going to leave the lady at the front desk argued with me about me paying for the 2 minute visit. even after explaining to her what dr Bernard had done with the follow up office visit, instead of investigating the situation and looking at my record she proceeded to say "no you only paid for the first visit so todays visit is $$"  5 minutes later she said " oh i do see that he put it on your arrangement. i felt she was not going to let me leave unless i paid for that office visit lol. anyways love dr Bernard. and will only make appointments when he is here.
1 My lil man came in with a temp of 104.1 when 102 was normal. Dr. John Graham treated him to the best of his abilities. Talked up the bill as much he could, even over administered Sub-Q fluids.  Popeye died 2 hours later. I couldn't even return unopen, unused medicine.  Never again will I trust this place after nothing but positive experiences with Dr. Thomas and Dr. Benard.  A healthy 14 month old cat goes in with slightly elevated temp and is dead 2 hours later because even Dr. Graham said 'Im chasing ghosts, so I'm treating everything.'
5 Dr Barnard and his staff have been providing extraordinary care for both my animals as well as the animals of friends I have referred. I would never trust anyone else w/the care of my loved ones....so highly competent and compassionate! Also, Dr. Barnard is a trained surgeon which is important to note because not all veterinarians r...wish 10 stars were available!!!
