3 I've been going to America's Best for a few years now and so far have had good experiences with them.  Up until now, I've only utilized the ones in the Metro Detroit area, so this was my first time visiting one out here in Arizona.  I knew it was time to get my eyes checked.  I haven't had it done in about 3 years, so I was in need of getting my perscription updated.  I made an appointment, and went in to have my eyes checked out.  The service here is adaquate, and selection of glasses was fine.  The eye doctor was wonderful, and so was the guy that helped me pick out my glasses and get me fitted with my new frames and perscription.  My only real complaint was that its located in an office building and the office space itself is old and tired looking.  It could probably use a bit of a facelift, and have a more updated feel.  The office just felt old and tired. From previous experience, Americas best offices are usually more modern and updated.  This one was not.
1 Horrible place.  Went in for my yearly exam and the doc ordered me some trials.  I came back a few wks later when they came in and I put them on and was looking cross eyed.  While I was in there for the appointment, the doc had me try on 3 different sets w/in a matter of 10 mins.  Left there w/ an OK pair but not the right ones.  They said they were going to order the next pair of trials for me as they didn't have them in stock.  Call 2 weeks later to see if they were in as I was told it only takes 7-10 business days, was told I would get a call back, never received one.  Called 2 days later and they said they weren't in yet but it would be w/in the next few days. Call couple of days later, still not in and then tell me there was a mix up on my order so they had to reorder.  I asked for another trial pair as the ones he gave me on my 2nd visit were old now.  I go pick them up and they give me two contacts that are for my right eye!  seriously people, how hard is it? I think I am going to get Lasik after this crap experience w/ them!  I do not recommend them!
1 Early this month I went to America's Best Tempe location for a  contact lenses exam. I have always worn Acuvue Oasys contact lenses, but the doctor wanted me to try the brand they use. Sofmed. I was having a problem with the right eye contact lenses even before I left the office so, the doctor gave me and extra contact for that eye just in case it was a defective contact. After wearing them I did not like them as much as the Acuvue. I ordered my new contacts online, I received a email from the vendor stating that the doctor would not approve the order and I would have to call him. I did call America's Best . I was told that the doctor refused to change the order. that if I wanted to I could come back in and get refitted , what is their to fit. I have had the same prescription for the past several years that he gave me. They also had the audacity to tell me that  I would have to pay for another eye exam. I have been wearing contact lenses for years, I have never had this problem. Very disappointed, and I am letting as many people know as possible not to go to get your  eye's examined by this company. They have a special going on that if you pay $99.00, you can get three years of eye exams. It's not worth it if you can't  get what your wanting. I am  so glad I did not take this deal..
3 My son was saying to me that he can't really see and that he needs glasses and I don't have eye vision insurance, so I shopped around a bit to see who had the better deal.    I found Americas Best home of the 2 pairs for 69.99 with a free eye exam, to me that sounded too good to be true, but I went online and scheduled him an appointment.  Date of the appointment. arrived and off we went, had to fill out some paper work, sat in a waiting room, got pulled into a lil office where a tech tested his eyes, got ambushed into also having his eyes tested for glaucoma for an extra 15 bucks, I said yes to this test because I know it's important, but when I called Americas Best, I basically asked them if there was any hidden fees that I should be aware of, and they oh no, the eye exam is free & you can get 2 pairs for 69.99, so now I know they are not very truthful and I should start getting prepared for more shady stuff. Then we went into the eye dr office, he got his eyes officially tested, and yes he does need glasses, he is very near sighted.    Was told to go out to the front and wait to be called to get your glasses, and so while we were out in the front lobby I told my son to go ahead and pick out 2 of the frames that are for 69.99, now I have to say they did have a nice selection of frames for that price, he did find 2 completely different looking frames.   Was called up to a table and greeted by an eye tech she started to tell my son and I that the dr noted that since you are athletic that you are going to need poly blah blah blah lenses and that will be $387, my son, who is 6ft 4ft and skinnier than a light pole told her that her info is incorrect and that he is not athletic so no need for those lenses, then she said oh ok then you will need the none scratch transiting blah blah blah lenses for $259 and then I said no, we will not be doing any of that either, we will take what comes with the 2 pairs for $69.99, she got lil upset with me and made me sign a paper stating that I didn't want any of the upsell items or warranty , which really to me were not an item of choice but an item they push on to people.  I think she would have done better with me if she said ok for 69.99 you get this, but we also have blah blah blah, but no she tried to force me into other situations I didn't want part of.   I wonder how many other customers' they do that to.  We ordered his glasses, he was happy he will be able to see the leafs on the tree soon and we should be picking them up shortly!
4 First off (and I'm not necessarily complaining about this...I AM giving this place 4 stars after all), how many people were enticed by the free eye exam w/2 frames for $69.99 deal? Everyone. And how many people ACTUALLY paid that (plus tax)? Nobody. That's what I thought.   Like I said, I'm not complaining because I knew I wanted one of my frames to be made into sunglasses which costs more, but this place does find other ways to nickel & dime you as well. They will talk you in to paying an extra $15 with your eye exam to get tested for glaucoma. I hadn't had an eye exam in 4 years so I went ahead and did this. I have to say, the optometrist who did my exam (as well as the assistant) were very nice. I actually realized when I pulled up to the building I had an eye exam here like 7-8 years ago. They still had my information on file & funny enough, the same optometrist from back then examined me this time (I recognized him & he mentioned it was definitely his hand writing in my file).    The woman who helped me with my frames was nice as well. I mean, yeah, she tried to talk to me into an upgrade here & one there, but I immediately told her I wanted one of my frames to be sunglasses so I think she was a little less aggressive on that front knowing I was gonna spend more than the "standard" deal right off the bat. I STILL thought I had paid too much for everything, but when I got home I called around to compare (yeah, I'm THAT person) & realized that getting RX sunglasses really does cost a lot of $$$ and I probably didn't pay anymore here than I would have at other places (including Walmart & Costco) for all that I got.   I went to pick up my frames today and was VERY happy. I actually called them to see if they were possibly ready a little earlier than expected (I really wanted/needed my new sunglasses), and sure enough they were!  At the end of the day I'm not sure if the savings here is as great as it might first appear, but I certainly don't think you get ripped off. And for the service & quality of the frames I would definitely recommend America's Best...at least this location
4 I've been going to these people since I first started wearing glasses and contacts back in 1997. I am clearly devoted to this location and their staff, though I have to say some hiring changes have made it difficult to return more recently due to some of the staff.  More specifically, there was a woman who helped me with the routine tests on my eyes and she felt she had the need to forcibly tell me how important it is I come in for an eye exam every year. I explained to her it had been 13 months, just barely over a year. She wasn't doing the math correctly and thought it had been two years but overcompensated with her mathematical error by pushing the point to come in as often as possible.  I understand eye care is important, but the attempt at selling their services in that moment was overkill. Something else she didn't understand is that I didn't live in the state for 3 years before that, and even though I still brought my business here during my last visit to my family. I was also homeless during a period of that time that I lived in another state. Some sensitivity about people's various experiences and personal issues might be nice, instead of being made to feel guilty that you couldn't come in and get an eye exam. Heaven forbid I was focusing on eating rather than eye care while I didn't have a place to live!  That being said, it was her, not the business or the other staff that was not pleasant during that experience.  Why I like this place is that I have not always had insurance or a lot of money to get glasses or contacts so it has helped me when I need to see and am in a financial pinch. I enjoy the doctor, he is kind and always calm and soothing to talk to, even if there is a concern.  They are always prompt with getting the products in on time and having you try them to make sure they work for you. The only thing I regret is the drive there now that I live in Phoenix instead of Chandler!
4 This is a very good deal on contacts and glasses! You are getting a good price and decent service. Initially the greeting and wait was disconcerting but the price we got for contacts, glasses, and exam was awesome! Mirna and the doctor were definitely the nicest people there!  I definitely recommend this place to anyone on a budget!
2 I feel like they try to "up-sell" way too much here.  My boyfriend was quoted almost $300 for a pair of glasses that were seriously a fraction of the cost when we went somewhere else. I got an overall very unprofessional vibe here, the staff was rude and a bit on the ghetto side. Sorry, but not a fan.
