5 Oh my god, I LOVE this store. I grew up in Mesa (yeah, yeah) and back when the only movie theater was the Poca Fiesta 5-plex (it's long gone now) on Southern and Alma School, my sister and I just about begged on our hands and knees to visit this store before or after seeing movies like back to the future and neverending story.  It's every little kids' dream - stuffed animals, low-brow humor cards and paraphernalia (you know, farting figurines), balloons, brightly colored EVERYTHING, sparkly EVERYTHING, confetti - just damn cool stuff.  It's pretty decently-sized and jam-packed on every surface with STUFF. Plus, around Halloween, they carry all the basics like makeup, costumes, masks, etc. Last year, a friend went in to peruse the makeup selection for her zombie prom look and the employee happened to be a special effects guru. He helped her pick out every supply, tool, base, glue and blood she needed and even gave her instructions on HOW to use it. He also made sure to help explain why some brands of glue or blood are better than others (don't you just hate it when your scab falls off your face on the way to the party? Or your fake eyelashes keep peeling away at the corners?) To cut my rambling short - her makeup and her roommate's makeup looked amazing (some secret tip she got involved bunched up tissue, don't ask me how it works but it does).  Not that you're ever in Mesa just hanging out, but even when it's not Halloween and you have some time to kill -especially if you have small children with you - you have to visit Bubbles of Joy at least once in your life.
5 A Plus!    My daughter tried to tell me about this place on my last visit but I took it with a grain of salt since I wanted a REAL Post Office to weigh and mail things at.  I stopped in here Sunday July 3rd since the REAL PO was closed and discovered what a delightful place this is!  Not only does it have tons of balloons and gift ideas, but miles of racks of costumes and accessories.  And sure enough, in the far back right corner there is a REAL postal counter with a scale and during business hours a REAL postman ready and wiling to help you out, sell you stamps, send your packages etc.  And it is closer and more convenient than the REAL PO with plenty of parking and little to no lines.  It is also next to a Starbucks if you are into that, and a Soup and Salad restaurant if you need a meal.  I'm sure glad I finally stopped in!
5 This place is amazing. I have been there several times, during Halloween and other times of the year. No matter how busy their store gets, they always have enough friendly knowledgeable people available to answer all of your questions. Their selection is outstanding, and their prices are very reasonable. Recently I checked out a "Spirit" store because I needed something little and it was closer to my house. Never again! Bubbles of Joy is the bomb and I hope they stay in business forever!!
5 This place has everything you could want or need for Halloween! Just got done shopping and had a great experience. The staff was nice and helpful, the store is full of costumes and all the accessories you could want. Considering it is so close to Halloween they still had a great selection.
3 Bubbles of Joy seems to have everything and is more of a party store. They have a huge selection of costumes and party favors. I mostly go to Bubbles of Joy since they have a Post Office inside. I rank the post office as 3 stars because they only take cash. There is an ATM next to it and it charges you $3.00. I'm convinced that this is a conspiracy for Bubbles of Joy to get more money out of you by charging you an ATM fee too.
5 They certainly have everything, from tiaras to bottles of that stuff you use to create real-looking wounds. A little on the pricey side, but excellent stuff overall.
5 I love the staff at Bubbles of Joy. Very friendly and helpful. Their prices may be a bit higher than a national chain store, but they have the best selection and customer service of any local party store I've seen. They also are one of the best resources I've found for Halloween costumes and decorations.
4 Costume stores never fail to cheer me up even if I don't buy anything.  I so love this place!
4 I went here for some balloons and I didn't even look around at the costumes. I had called around trying to find the best price for some helium filled balloons for my Dad's birthday party and this place had the best prices. A big plus was that they also offer (for 25 cents extra) to put some kind of gel in the balloons that keep them from loosing their lift. I had to pick them up the day before the party so I really needed them to last. They were still floating 3 days later so that was pretty cool. They also had a HUGE selection of all different kinds of balloons. They did not have one that said "65" on it but they did have a Happy Birthday balloon that you could customize with any age. This was a pretty cool idea but unfortunately by the end of the party the 5 was peeling off (apparently they are stickers even though you couldn't tell when it was fully attached). So that was kind of a bummer and the only reason I am subtracting a star.  Check out their website for prices on ordering balloon bouquets to be delivered to your special someone. That's right, you can order a dozen balloons and they will take it to someone's home or office with a card attached. I think that is such an awesome idea! It is much more original (and cheaper) than flowers.
5 I sent out multiple email inquiries to party stores in the area for availability and pricing on a helium tank, Andrew was the quickest to respond. He was super helpful and flexible with pick up and return dates. Their prices are competitive and their customer service makes them the best deal.
1 Beware, this store does not allow returns or exchanges on their costumes. All purchases are final, even if you get it home and it is defective in some way. They do not allow you try on certain costume pieces, such as wigs, so you really have no way of knowing if it is functional or not until you pay for it (overpriced) and get home. Then you're stuck with it whether you like it or not. What you shoud do is use Bubbles of Joy just to try on the costume that you want, get the sizing right, then go buy it from amazon for half the price and the freedom to return it if it is defective. Bubbles of Joy is lame.
3 As a costume store this place is just fine, if a little overloaded. However that's about all it has become. The party supply section is tiny with very little selection and balloons are overpriced. The one reason I was coming here on a regular basis was for the post office in the back which had the nicest staff. They have since closed. I won't be back unless I'm looking for a particular item at Halloween and don't mind digging through piles of products.
