5 Picture this, Friday night and the weekend before my daughters wedding and a "problem tooth" deemed by my dentist acts up. I called my dentist who was out of town (Do dentists even work on Friday?) tells me to call Dr. Amin. He met me at the office and took care of the agonizing pain! He was kind, considerate, caring and very professional. The week after the celebration, I only came back to Dr. Amin to perform my root canal. I know my dentist wouldn't do it because she said it was a tough canal (the main reason why I waited so long) but Dr. Amin skillfully got every canal...Afterall he is Harvard and NYU trained. Wow! I highly recommend Dr. Amin for your root canals!
5 Never had a root canal and afraid of what could happen?  Afraid you will be in pain for weeks afterwards?  Never fear the Dr's here will do everything in their power to do the root canal with as little pain as possible.  I took pain meds once after the surgery and that was because I had a headache and it wasn't from the root canal.  Great staff and great doctors who are committed to your well being.
5 I was terrified to get a root canal after all the horror stories I had heard. But I was in terrible pain and needed help ASAP. I went in and saw Dr. Gillan. He and his team were so nice to me and reassured me that everything would be just fine. He was calm throughout the whole procedure which helped me calm down as well.  He was very thorough, starting out with a few tests (cold sensitivity, etc.) on my teeth and an x-ray to make sure a root canal was indeed needed. He numbed me up good and went to work. It was uncomfortable of course but it did not hurt. They did mine in two phases. First visit they cleaned everything out. Afterwards my jaw was sore but the tooth didn't hurt anymore which was such a huge relief. The place where he put in the Novocain was actually more sore than the tooth itself. I did take a few ibuprofen the first couple days after but I certainly did not feel the need for prescription pain meds.  A little over a week later I went back for round 2. This time he filled the roots. Again, it was not painful just a little uncomfortable. My jaw was sore again and the area was a little sensitive for about 2-3 days afterwards but now I'm totally pain free!  If you need to get a root canal, trust me, they aren't as bad as you think. And go to Dr. Gillan because he will do a great job.
5 When my dentist told me I had to have a root canal I was scared shitless.  I've had cavities before but this freaked me out.  He referred me here and I couldn't have been happier with the experience.  Dr. Stephen Walker and the entire staff were very courteous, professional, friendly, and most importantly made the entire experience pain free.  I hope I never have to have another root canal, but I'm coming here if I do.
