5 We've been taking our daughter to SwimKids USA since June 2006 for both swimming and gymnastics. I can't praise this company or its employees enough. Everyone has always been wonderful there.   For swimming, the first priority is water safety and survival. This last three levels before they begin to learn various strokes, how to swim correctly, and then onto the competitive levels. My daughter has regularly swam with several women there and we've never had a bad instructor. Maribel is a great instructor, and she currently really likes Elena. Amanda is good and so are others. (Depends on your kids personality). I've seen my daughter learn by leaps and bounds and she loves the water and swimming because of this company.  In Gymnastics, Allison runs the show. She's the head of gymnastics, and she's the perfect instructor for the children in there. The gym classes don't get too large and there's almost always two instructors. They learn the basic gymnastics that will later develop into the more traditional gymnastics that you see on tv.   All classes are 30 minutes and you get a discount for the second class. They also have dance but we've not done that yet. There's a smaller play pool where you can take your kid when you're not in lessons and the hours for the place are great, but I just wish they were open on Sundays.  The business is family owner and always have been. Lana Whitehead is the owner and still teaches in the pool after all these years. They have events at SwimKidsUSA like Blake's Miracle and also special Olympics viewings with past Olympiads.  Take your kids to SwimKidsUSA, and it's like family. (And no I do not work there or get any money for this, I just really like taking my daughter there!)
5 This place is really cool...recently started taking my children here and my 5 year old son loves it. My daughter who is 2 screamed and cried to the high heavens and her teacher was very patient and didn't let it phase him at all. I wasn't sure about bringing her back but because the teacher is so great and assured us the crying is normal, i went ahead and signed her up also. I also like the play area and the extra pool that the children can play in while they wait.  Also the prices are very resonable and if you go to the website you can print out a  coupon for first time clients.
5 I like checking in here because Yelp thinks I'm working out and really I just bring my kid here to swim lessons.  The instructors are great and the kids actually learn how to swim.  Neither of those two points was true at the last place, but at least my daughter loves to play in the water even if she doesn't like the thought of going to her lessons.  I'm not sure why she thinks this, apprehension at transitions, because she always seems to have fun in lessons.  SwimKids is very kid friendly.  There's the mini indoor playground so that even waiting is fun.  There are the two mini pools with four simultaneous lessons of one to three kids.  There's the mini Olympic stand to announce moving up.  After kids pass their less-than-stealth assessment, the kid gets to ring a bell and announce this fact to the entire pool.  Then the kid gets a medal and a picture on the stand so that the same info can be announced to the waiting room.  My kid wore her first medal for four days straight.  If your kid gets bored of playing in the waiting room, they can also watch a movie on TV.   Defying there namesake, SwimKids also offers dance and gymnastics.  As gymnastics was full, we're doing dance, which probably fits in well with other dance classes we do. Hey, we don't have the tag along kid (i.e., a sibling), we can over schedule and indulge in too many classes.
1 I bought their deal from groupon for $29 and went ahead to schedule the class but they asked for $12 registration fee which was not mentioned on their deal with groupon. I asked for a waiver which they refused and finally groupon was able to help me solved the problem (which Swimkids USA agreed) yet when i called to make appointment for my daughter's class 2 weeks later and they said there's no such agreement. Bad experience, bad customer service. I was there for the evaluation but have to wait 30 min from the appointed time.
5 We've been bringing our son to this place for about three years. In that time he's gone from being a sinker to a swimmer. He progressed through water safety into regular swim classes. The staff have always been professional and courteous. The facility is clean ans comfortable, although they could use some better seating in the observation area.
5 Both of our children attend swimkids and we cannot say enough how greatful we are for the swim programs that they offer. Our son is 3 and has turned into an amazing swimmer. It is such a great feeling to know that if he indeed ever fell in that he would be okay. Our daughter is 8 months old the same age when our son started and she loves the water already. So if you are looking for a great swim school with a fantastic family atmosphere this is your place!!!
5 Swim Kids is awesome. My daughter became a strong swimmer in just a couple of weeks. She loved it and kept going for about a year. Every instructor she has ever had has been wonderful. It is well worth the monthly fee.
5 I love taking my son to swim kids.  He really enjoys his Gymnastics class.  I can tell his teacher Jay is very experienced in gymnastics.  He is so good at demonstrating the skills that he is trying to teach my son.  He is now int he silver level and he is only 3. Ww love Eva Jay and Justin R.  Justin is my sons swim instructor.  He is great with my son.
4 My kids each present their own challenges. Our current teachers,  Mr Brian and Mr Justin,  are brilliant at dealing with them. We have been worth SwimKids for four years and have had mostly good teachers, some great teachers, and only a handful of disappointing experiences,  which I think is an excellent track record.  The business gives back to the community, and the family atmosphere is rare these days.  Highly recommend. One issue I have is that parking is often an issue, especially after rain.  ;-)
2 To be honest, I don't know exactly what to think about this place.  Our old instructor Mr Brian was awesome.  Then he left Saturday's (the only day we could go) and he was replaced by someone who didn't really know how to teach or talk to children for that matter.  They also made my sons class the "misc" class.  What was a class full of kids who were in the same level as him turned into a class mainly of kids who were afraid of water.  So my son got no attention or guidance of things he used to be working on.  He was back to learning how to blow "bubbles"  He eventually just stopped caring and really stopped paying attention.  The new teacher had no idea how to control him and just ignored him.    We went here for 1 1/2 years and I just feel like management doesn't care about the paying customer.  I had legitimate complaints and no one seemed to care.  No one called and asked if we wanted a new class.  Not to mention, I was only told that all classes in his level were full on Saturday's but I could call daily and see if that changed.   If these courses cost a couple bucks a class, I wouldn't care either but I was paying about $20 for a 30 minute class.  Towards the end when Mr. Brian was transitioning his replacement to take over, my son was not taught anything.  I really felt like I was throwing away money and no one bothered to have an answer.  Mr. Brian was really the only person who cared but just told me his hands were tied and there was nothing he could do except enroll my son in one of his classes during the week.  The reason why this place get's two stars is Mr. Brian.  He really is amazing with kids.  If you do decide to go here, only go to Mr. Brian.  He's wonderful at getting kids to listen and explaining what he's doing with the kids.  I now take my son to Chandler Public Swim classes and he loves it.  They are actually teaching him to swim and the cost for classes is 2/3 the price.   For the last 1 1/2 years, my son has learned what to do if he falls into a pool.  While I think it's a incredibly important lesson for a kid to learn, Swimkids focuses on it waaaaaay too long.  If my son still went to swimkids, it would be another year before they actually taught him how to swim.    Bottom line, if you have a two year old and you don't want him to be afraid of water, call and see if Mr Brian has availability.  If not hang up and try later.  Take classes until your kids is comfortable with water and can float on his back for 10 seconds.  After that, quit.  Trust me, that's all they're going to teach your kid until he's 5.
2 be really careful....I called prior to the date that is required to cancel my kids swim lesson for the next month. ...let them know that the end of the month would be her last........the more Mature woman Annette said she was sorry....never told me I had to come in and fill out the form that they don't take it over the phone....I was charged in October- and my kid didn't even go.....I asked for them to remove this charge and she said that she would have told me-it was my fault............now how can I prove that she never said anything.......really bad customer service, and her instructor wasn't great......took her to a Aqua Tots.........so much better
3 At first, I loved this place. In fact, I still really like them a lot. Everyone who works there is very friendly and professional. The instructors are great with the kids. My only issue is, why is it taking my daughter so long to learn to swim? We've been in weekly lessons for just about 1 year now. I thought for sure if I got her in lessons last summer, we'd have her swimming by now in time for our vacation. But, she's still learning how to get to the wall safely, how to climb out, how to jump in. But she can't swim, with the exception of a few feet to the wall. It takes a very long time to promote to the next level--average of 2-3 months. She's only been moved up twice since we started. At $70 a month, I'm starting to feel a bit played.  I'm going to talk with management soon about my disappointment and I will see how they address my concerns. I hope I can revise my review to a bit more glowing.
5 Love this place. They up hold the highest of standards on how a child should be taught how to swim. They do not cut corners and every single staff member, I have ever encountered, is extremely nice and professional.  It does take a bit longer, than you would think, for a child to pass a level, but that is only because they want a child to get the fulllist of education, on how to swim properly. Also some deck managers that review the child are stricter than others. all you have to do is speak with the child's swim instructor and they will work with you on what needs to be done to pass the child.  This is not a school for a child to do a sloppy job and expect to pass. They work very hard to make sure that the child swims properly.   They do high standard instruction for a great price.
5 We had been looking at swim classes for some time and started taking our son here after we found out 3 separate families we knew took their kids to this place and loved it. Our first time there, we ran into some friends from church who also turned out to love it there! Needless to say we love it too. Their class sizes are small 3 kids to 1 instructor), and many age groups and class times. They are a bit pricy, but you get what you pay for with this sort of thing (we tried the YMCA before, nothing overtly bad-just larger class sizes etc). We will be back for lessons this summer-probably pretty soon!
5 I've been taking my 6 yr old daughter here for about a yr and a half. She loves coming here each week. She has made some great friendships and she has loved all of the instructors that she has been with. The student really creates a bond with their instructor. When you pay for the services, you really do get top quality.
4 Been coming here a long time. Hit & miss with the instructors but 90% of the time you get a goodie. They handle special needs kids well and reward for good behavior and milestones small & large.
