3 I love your open-faced Signature Turkey sandwich, Turkey Sausage & Cheddar Egg Sandwich, and Strawberries & Creme Smoothie, but why oh why are you sssooo expensive? You wonder why you rarely have people in here- it's because you charge $8 for a bagel sandwich with meat and some veggies inside. And you have Jack in the Box, KFC, Taco Bell and Starbucks all within the same shopping area as you for breakfast/lunch competition.   Note: This place is identical to Noah's (a overpriced sandwich place) that is in California (where I'm from). You will see a lot of similar (if not the same things) at both places.
4 First reviewer was correct about the pricing. A little overpriced. But by far the best bagels I have ever had. The plain, honey wheat, onion, asiago, and potato bagels are awesome and I love the Onion and chive cream cheese. I have never had a bagel so soft anywhere else. Their tasty turkey sammich is good too along with their potato salad.
1 Totally agree with the other reviewers about Einstein's being overpriced. A small coffee alone costs $1.91 after tax and adding cream cheese to a bagel costs more than the bagel itself. Sure, the bagels are pretty good, but this is Mesa, not New York City.  My real beef with this place, though, is the customer service. Although there are always plenty of people behind the counter, I have waited numerous times in a line that reaches the door. On my visit this morning, I saw a customer walk in, see the line, and turn right back around. Also on my visit today, I tried using a coupon for a "free bagel thin with light shmear." The picture in-store advertised the bagel thin with pink cream cheese and my kids were excited to get their bagel with strawberry cream cheese (which is also listed as one of their reduced-fat options, which means "light," right?) When I ordered this, however, I was told that this was not possible because corporate is only allowing them to use ONE kind of light shmear for this promotion. Even the general manager refused to make a substitution, while watching my 3-year-old cry with disappointment (I know, it's a little thing, but come on, he's 3.) So congratulations, Einstein's at Gilbert & Baseline. You've just made a customer never want to return over your refusal to substitute 2 tablespoons of cream cheese. Do you think that's what corporate had in mind?
4 Tried the 6 cheese bagel. My gawd it was cheesy! Also tried the BLTA on bagel thin and it was pretty good. I love the sauce on it. What I really wanted to update everyone on is that they have a good deal on soup. You can get a cup of soup that is pretty large for 3.95 and it comes with a bagel of your choice. I think thats a pretty good deal. Soups vary day to day... The cheesy broccoli was what I tried and although I wasn't a big fan of it, its still a a great value if you can find a good soup.
2 I so want to like this place. It's in a perfect location, prices are reasonable, food quality is good; but the customer service is bad beyond belief. The people are friendly, but don't seem to understand that servicing the customer is job one. I've waited for 3 or 4 minutes at the counter waiting for someone to take my order. Likewise, I've waited the same time for someone to show up to take my money. Come on guys, it isn't that tough to cross train your employees and have them flex into work stations as people come and go.
2 This place disappoints.  One time I came in and they stuffed my bagel and lox with so many capers that it inedible, I had to flick them all off.  The last time I came in (and I do mean last) there were a group of teens working... well not actually working but standing around talking and playing tricks on each other.  When they finished making my bagel they just let it sit there and didn't bother calling my name.  I had to interrupt them and ask them if I could have my bagel.  It's disappointing because I use to come in this place often and the service was quick and friendly but they must be under new management now.
3 Nice neighborhood location with an adequate seating area. The menu is the standard Einstein menu however I had a Thintastic egg sandwich and it was prepared very well (looked like the picture on the menu board). Restaurant was clean but he men's room could have used a good scrubbing. Good coffee is an Einstein plus.
2 Thank God, it wasn't busy because the service was so slow.  Manager was not impressive, she ignored that I was standing in front of the register and helped the next person in line then when that customer insisted I go first she acted like it was such a big deal to delete part of the previous customers order.  She actually glared at me?!    Bagels were stale and blah as usual.  I hate coming here and I only come here to satisfy my kids.    This store also doesn't deliver the bagels to your table.  They acted like I was self entitled when I raised hand at my table after my name was called.  Another glare from the manager followed by a "there is no way in hell l'm delivering these to your table look".    Awesome!
1 NO! Do you want a bagel? Do you really want one? Ok, since you insist, there is a trader joes, a fry's and a Walmart nearby. Pick one of those places and buy yourself some bagels.  Just don't come here, they don't deserve you.  The service will be horrible. They will take a long time to take your order, even longer to make your food, and you will stand there waiting for your food wondering how there can be 6 employees behind the line with no other orders ahead of you and it's been 15 minutes and you still have no food.  Once you finally receive your food, you will leave ASAP because you can't stand the incompetence and also you want to eat in a place that does not look like a high school cafeteria after a food fight.  When you get home, your order will be wrong. You have been warned.
1 Customer service is nonexistent here.  Employees are not friendly at all.  Bagels were good, but not worth the lack I found personality from the employees.  Second visit w/ my family of 4.  Not a difficult order and not a busy time.  Next time we'll drive further to go to Bagel Nosh, Brueggers, or another Einstein on Val Vista where hopefully the employees will be less robotic.
