4 I have been a member of this gym for over 10 years.  Has everything.  Business has slowed down, you can actually be there after 4pm (traditional rush hour) and its busy, but not crowded like it used to be.  They have been repainting over the last few weeks.  Construction supplies are stacked up in the aerobics room.  Some of the equipment is old, and the place could use a spruce up equipment wise, but most of it all works just fine.  Strange thing goin on with pricing. They now offer $9.95 per month, no contract.  Will have to look into getting my billing adjusted as I'm out of contract, month to month at $33
4 My membership is ending in a couple of weeks.  I was being charged $30something a month and the new rate of $9.99 requires a $100 conversion fee.  Since I have 24Hour Fitness for almost free, I decided to cancel Gold's.  This is a good location.  They have updated the appearance, but some of the equipment is over 10 year old and could use replacement.  There is a leg raise machine that has been broken for over 2 months.  There must be a part that's hard to get, but 2 months is too long.
3 It's a gym. It is what it is. It is there for what I need. Which is a place to be less lazy. For that I love it. I've been a member for a few weeks. I'm going every other day and most days I have no issue getting on a machine. It can get really packed, the place isn't huge.   There is a ladies workout room which I really like. If I can't jump on a machine in the main area I can usually find one in there.   All in all, I have yet to have a bad experience here so I like the place. Staff seems pretty friendly as well.   I'll keep paying $20 a month for now.
1 My wife and I have been members of the Gold's Gym in Gilbert, AZ Gym number: 0175 for going on a year.  I have to say that the gym has degraded quite a bit since we have joined.  The gym seems to have over enrolled to the point that there are not enough parking spaces during peak hours causing people to "create" parking spots.  The cardio equipment is dilapidated at best, when we first joined there were six elliptical trainers since then two were removed due to malfunction and the four that are left are barely running and a couple are not level.  I am currently in contact with Gold's Corporate to see if there is any way that I can cancel the rest of my contract so that I can join a gym with adequate and functional equipment.
4 To quote Ms. Tiffany, "It's a gym. It is what it is".  I wanted somewhere I could go to use a treadmill when it's a good 30 degrees above my threshold for running outside, and Gold's seemed to be the best deal.  I opted for the $29 membership which allows me entrance into any regular Gold's gym in the region, and it waived the initial fee.  I'm not sure yet if the price is going to be worthwhile in the long term, but for now I know it's cheaper than my deductible on calling an ambulance after I've had a heatstroke.    The thing I like about the Gilbert/Mesa location over the others, is the "women only" room.  I get a little self-conscious being out in the main gym, and the more intimate women's workout area feels less judgmental.  To be clear, the main gym does not foster an environment of judgement, this is simply my own insecurities.  When the equipment I'm looking for in the women's area is unavailable, I will happily join the general population.    To address other complaints about outdated equipment, I haven't witnessed that problem yet.  The machines I've used seem clean, they work well, and haven't fallen apart under me.  I'm hardly an expert, but everything I've seen seems just fine.  It may not be state-of-the-art, but I was excited enough to be able to set intervals on the treadmills.  I don't need a lot of bells and whistles.
1 I'm not a member of a gym but I wanted to take a look around and see what this one had to offer. When I asked the girl behind the counter if I could look at what they have she would not let me go in without filling out a bunch of BS paperwork. I'm sure it was so that some guy could walk me around, waste my very precious time talking about things I already know, and try to persuade me to join their gym. That's not what I wanted. I already had my decision made that if I saw the equipment I wanted to use that I would go ahead & join. I just wanted to run in & out quickly while I had a free minute to do so and check it out. Oh well, I figure I just saved myself some time and money with this place. I used to be with LA Fitness. They are wonderful! I think I may check out the Gilbert Rec Center & see what they have. I'm sure they won't mind me taking a look. If not, I'll head back to LA which I highly recommend.
5 This gym is pretty old but everything is well maintained. This place is great for bodybuilders, it's big, has old school equipment, metal weights. There is a unbelievable amount of different equipment. Over all great gym, check it out if your looking for a place that will help you get results.    You can't beat the price either. 10 bucks a month to use over a hundred machines and free weights. They have a kids area. And the gym is never crowded, although I'm never there at 5pm.
5 I lift things up, I put them down. I lift things up, I put them down. Staff is friendly. The only thing that annoys me are the *cough*women*cough* who are there when I go. Sitting on machines for 10 minutes and only doing one set of 5 reps. The women who sweat all over equipment and never wipe them down after using them. And the dumb chick with her purse by her, texting on her cell phone while wearing flip flops. Because like omg, she couldn't like tear herself away from her Facebook or twitter or Instagram or texting her Beiber boyfriend. Pick up your paper towels too!!!!!!
4 This Golds is much bigger than the one in Tukee, and nicer too. The employees up front are always nice, there is plenty of equipment to use. They even have a special workout area for women here so girls don't have to feel creeped out by dudes checking them out, which I know is a big complaint for most women at gyms. I want to give it 5 stars, but the gym is really busy at the start of the week, and most weekdays it can be a little difficult to find a parking space, but that's not exactly something Golds could improve upon but worth mentioning. For $15/mo you can't lose.
1 Go to gym to train and apparently I need the GMs permission to use the fitness room when there isn't a class in progress.   How the heck can you say that I need permission to use a part of a gym that I'm paying membership for? You have all my personal information on file, you know more about me than I know about you. So this can't be a trust/ security issue.   What a waste of time.
5 What first drew me into this gym was the price thinking "It's either too good to be true or the gym's quality is the reason why it's cheap". I went to check the place out and I got to take a look around. It literally took me 5 minutes to decide I wanted to join this gym and 4 months later, I still have no regrets.   I'm not picky so the very few worn down equipment didn't lose me as long as its still does its job efficiently. What I love about this gym is the atmosphere. Mostly everyone in this gym is extremely friendly especially the employees. It's truly a humbling place to workout at because everyone there is very considerate of people working out around them. There's rarely anyone who thinks they're so much better than the other. And I believe that this type of atmosphere came from the great employees that work there.   Not every gym out there has all their equipment perfectly running 24/7. Of course stuff happens and equipment breaks down from time to time. But Golds has an abundant amount of other equipment to adjust to for your workouts and they constantly try to find ways to make our visits convenient.   What does bring me down a bit is when female custodians clean the men's locker room, making me wait forever to get in. But at least they're really nice about it haha
1 I joined Golds downtown (Phoenix) gym,  one of the best gyms I've been to, and paid a premium for it.  $25 a month.    Moved out to Gilbert.  Gilberts Gold gym is not on the same playing field.  Worth $10 a month,  yeah,  $25 a month,  NO WAY!   So,  what do I do,  I write 2 letters to Golds Gym,  and what do they do?  They don't even have the courtesy to answer.  GOLDS GYM SUCKS,  I TAKE THAT BACK,  GOLDS GYM MANAGEMENT SUCKS........
1 You are a horrible company!!! http://www.goldsgym.com/contact/ this link shows that there is a place to cancel your account, then why did I get billed a month later? I called your THIRD PARTY CALL CENTER, that is very rude and has no idea what customer service is!!! A manager cold transferred me to her manager voice mail so she did not have to deal with me!!! This is ridiculous, I am going on all social media and tearing you down!! 24 hour fitness is substantially better then you!!! Go learn how to treat your customers, you have been going down hill and you USE to be a power gym but NOW you are just a bunch of scam artist trying to make some money to stay alive. Go out of business!
1 Golds Gym SUCKS!!  Manager told me he was going to cancel membership,  failed to do so. He doesn't even have the balls to call me.  What a pussie!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3 Good gym - has everything I need, though it is packed at night during the week.  Don't be fooled by their "4 free personal trainer sessions" when you sign up though.  Those sessions are nothing more than a way for them to give you a sales pitch to sign a personal trainer contract. I had one session that lasted about ten minutes and when I called to conform my 2nd session, the trainer flaked and cancelled on me and never called to reschedule. I'm fairly sure he was getting the feeling I wasn't going to be signing a personal trainer contract so he bailed thinking he was wasting his time. Not cool.  Again, great gym but don't expect to use any "free" personal trainer sessions unless you want to fight to get them, which I didn't care to.
2 I am in full agreement with others about the equipment condition. Though I get a good workout because of the variety, there are MANY repair issues as evident in all the "broken signs" that seem to stay on the machines forever. Even machines that work could use maintenance. I had been a member 10 years ago and will say that when I came back 5 months ago because of my daughters request, it was a deja vu.....NOTHING has changed.   As for cleanliness, the place could use a really good cleaning especially the bathrooms. There are many customers at this location so I cannot imagine the repair/cleanliness issue is to blame on financial reasons.  This is obviously a poorly managed location and I have written to corporate 2 months ago with no reply.
1 Don't even want to give them a star but this location sucks!!!!! I was in there last night with my girls and they got mad at us claiming that one of the girls was "training us". First of all, when can't a group of girls work out together, take turns on a machine and spot each other etc. second, we are bringing in more pple in your gym. Who doesn't want to stare at a group of sexy girls working out together?! They revoked the girl who was apparently "training us" membership today. Don't go there. I guess other people have has the same problem as well. They are looking to start drama and boss people around.
1 While I enjoyed actually working out at this gym, if you value your sanity and credit rating, never, ever, join Gold's Gym!  I cancelled my membership months ago and paid in full, but their collection agency will not stop harassing me!  Gold's and Swift collections work together to rip you off and ruin your credit. They have an F rating from the Better Business Bureau. Wish I had checked before I joined.
5 It's a gym. It does what it's supposed to do. I like the women's room. Bathrooms are clean, and so is the gym floor. No complaints.
1 I canceled my membership months in advance due to the fact the gym was in constant disrepair. Come to find out they never canceled the membership. The representative I called was not helpful and I had to leave a message with a supervisor. He also didn't put me on hold and I could be hear him speaking about how he wanted to get laid that night. Listen dude I am all for people getting laid but cancel my membership when I ask please! I really wish I didn't have to give them one star. STAY AWAY!
1 I am giving this gym 1 star because of the General Manager Charles Kern!!  Rude doesn't begin to describe the attitude he had with me over disputing a Fee on my account that wasn't supposed to be there. Threatened to forcefully remove me from the gym. Threatened to call the cops! Constantly cut me off while talking, and said little demeaning remark and comments. This guy is a coward beyond words! Worst management ever if this is the face of your establishment!!! I was a Member of this Gym for 2yrs, and just because I am not a member anymore he didn't even want to talk to me.. The Gym itself is nice, basic Golds Gym. Go in lift weights and get out. But if you are even remotely considering going to this gym. DONT!!!!!
4 This gym seems to get a lot of negative reviews but I think it's all dependent on what you're looking for. Personally I love it for the following reasons:   Huge free weight areas, tons of benches, lots of machines for variety, dark and kinda grungy atmosphere, STEEL plates, lots of muscular people go there so it's motivating, not a sissy Planet Fitness-ish place where you'll get kicked out for lifting more than 100lbs.   This is a GYM, the way it's supposed to be. If you want a shiny chrome health spa with pink fuzzy dumbbells by all means look elsewhere, you'll just be in the way anyways.
3 Certainly not the greatest gym, but not too bad either. Most of the equipment is kinda old, but they still get the job done. Not for the prissy folks that come to the gym to look pretty and find a hook-up. It's for those serious about getting their workout on!! And at $15 a month and you can always bring a guest, can't beat that!
1 This place went from alright to horrible as soon as they lowered their membership fee to $9.99 a month. The gym is now consistently filthy, the machines are always broken, paper towels are never stocked, none of the bar clips in the whole place work, and worse of all, the low membership fees have attracted what seems like every gang member, thug, and eminem wannabe in the area to join. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your time here.
4 Love this place. Great rates for what I need and nothing I don't. If they had a pool, I would be a lifelong member
