4 So far, they have been very easy to work with and the price is right!  I don't feel any pressure to make our wedding or floral arrangements any "bigger" or "better" than I had originally intended.  The showroom is small and not very fancy, which I sure helps them keep the costs down.  I know several people that have used Lighthouse Flower Shop and have been very happy with the results.  I have booked Lighthouse for my November wedding and I have confidence that they will do a great job!
5 If they had more ratings stars I'd give them a higher rating.   Great florist!!!!
5 By far the best customer service I have received! I've called many different places inquiring about a casket spray and they were so nice and very helpful! Plus they had really good prices and the lady who helped me didn't try to sell me something I didn't need. They were also super nice about me adding extra floral arrangements to go with the casket spray order.  I'll be using this place the next time I need to place a big order on floral arrangements!
5 What an AWESOME florist!!!!!!! I called them up on an emergency situation. My daughter called me needing a boutonniere for her prom date. I called these ladies up and they gave me a price, made the boutonniere within half an hour, and for $9. The other florists I called........what a hassle. These ladies, by far, are the nicest florists in the area.  I didn't even know what it was I needed.  Just told them the colors in my daughters' prom date's clothes and the flowers in her corsage and they made a BEAUTIFUL boutonniere.  They didn't charge me extra for late notice.  They didn't make it an issue that I called past a deadline.  They know how to make a customer feel great.  They will be my first stop for any of my floral needs in the future.
5 I cant say enough about this florist!  I called last minute for a Thanksgiving arrangement, and they were literally walking out the door for their deliveries.  They took my order and my Mom loved them, she said they were the prettiest flowers she had ever gotten delivered.  This is a Mom who will take a delivery back if she doesn't like them, or they aren't what I paid for.  She wasn't taking these back, and since then I have ordered three more arrangements for my Mom.  She has loved every one of them and I am SO glad to have a florist I can rely on to make my Mom feel special.  Thank you!
