5 Afraid of who might be installing your garage door?  Unsure of the staff selected to enter your home? Don't be with Lodi.  Lodi kicks up the normally blue collar work with an air of professionalism and efficiency unheard of in this line of work.  They practically installed my garage door in between breaths (slight exaggeration) but still really quickly!  I could tell right away as the installer introduced himself there was nothing to worry about.  Integrity is job 1 AT Lodi, and it shows.
5 First time calling this company for garage door repair.  Impressed!  They responded within two hours.  Took the time to do the job right.  I highly recommend this company for your garage door issues.
5 The spring on my garage door broke, Lodi came out right away and fixed it quickly. The person I had talked to was very informative, pleasant, and helpful. And the man who did the repair was  dry nice, professional, he did a great job.   Not only did they fix the broken spring, but our door has never operated as well as it does after he fixed the spring. I think he really went above and beyond, he adjusted things, lubed parts, it operates better and is far quieter than before.  I'll definitely use Lodi again.
5 The spring on our garage door broke and we had no idea who to call.  Lodi was recommended to us but they werne't specific as there are a few under this name.  I choose Lodi Garage Doors & More and was stunned they sent someone out within 1.5 hours!  They also quoted me on the phone and were so nice in setting up the appointment and calling back to confirm.  Gene was our technician, he was efficient, friendly and did a fantastic job.    I will be passing Lodi's name on for sure and if repairs are needed in the future I will not hesitate to call!  Thank you for you quick, professional, friendly service!
5 I was very stressed out when our garage door broke, but after the excellent customer service from Lodi, I feel much better. I know nothing about garage doors, but Darlene knew right away that it was a broken spring (even though my description, lacking any technical terminology, was probably not too helpful).  Darlene made it a point to get to me as soon as possible even though she was clearly extremely busy.  She was knowledgeable, professional, and helpful. Darlene was why I chose Lodi over another available competitor (the man who answered the telephone at the competitor was unpleasant, unclear, and advised me that he could not give me any type of estimate of cost until after the work was completed).  Darlene made an emergency appointment for technician Gene to come out and fix our garage door.  I was told Gene would arrive between 6:30 PM and 7:30 PM and he showed up just before 7:00 PM (prompt!).  Gene was friendly, efficient, and quickly confirmed Darlene's diagnoses of the problem. He was prepared with everything he needed and fixed the door amazingly fast.  He even had a credit card reader on his cell phone (prepared!).   I'm very impressed that Lodi was able to turn me from a frustrated individual into a happy customer. Absolutely fantastic customer service and I was charged exactly what I was quoted.  I will definitely recommended Lodi as a stellar company.
5 Lodi was great!  They called when they said they would, came when they said they would (good start there compared to other companies!).  The repair guy, Arnie, was really nice and described in laymen's terms what had happened.  He repaired it, it ran better than it ever has, and it was a really fair price too.  SO glad that I found this company, and won't worry next time I have a door problem.  Thanks, Lodi and Arnie! Very happy customer here.
5 Spring broke, called them out, made a quick appointment. Great work fixing it, and a good price. Happy with the service.
5 My experience with Lodi was quite positive. Personable repairman arrived a few minutes before promised. He replaced the spring and made adjustments -- all in less than half an hour. Price seemed competitive and everything was straight forward. Oh, and the door works great again.
1 I thought I did enough research before I had Lodi install my garage doors.  The sales part of it was pretty good. I guess i assumed too much ,  in thinking that my sales rep would at least try and match the door to the color of my entire house.... Installation was ok too....  although the auto door opener was mounted on the wall...and wired to the motor in a very "elementary " fashion to say the least....just sort of wrapped the wire around piping and draped across the ceiling.   No biggie. But I had problems with the keypad mounted outside...will not take the programming.  I had the repair rep out....  could not make it work ....he said it was a discontinued model, ( or something like that?)  He would look into it?  After hearing nothing I called back again...they want $85.00 for a service call?????  I explained the situation to the guy that answered....he said" $85.00 and we will come look at it.   No wonder they gave me a "good price" on the door opener that i bought?????  So NO outside keypad i guess.    I will NOT have them back !!!
1 if you want garage door service dont call these guys.  purchased two garage door openers, went out of my way to make sure they had all the information about my doors, delt with a guy named jay, called him couple times giving him information including the fact they were 8' doors, service guy shows up says i can't do your doors no one told me they were 8' doors, i say ok when can you do them can you go get the hardware, he says no i'm too busy i have no idea when i can come back you'll have to call scheduling. give me a break, thanks but no thanks i'll take my business elsewhere suggest you do the same..................
1 We contracted two new driveway gate motors and electronics. They never came out when promised. You could cal and call and got no answer from the salesman. Gates broke every few days. After finally fixing gates so they operated properly, they wanted final payment. We told we would make final payment after a couple of weeks to be sure gates worked. Now, we are getting calls from their collection dept. this was an $8000 Job!! Don't use them!
4 Like many other reviewers, we had a spring break on our garage door and called Lodi based on a recommendation of a friend. I was very happy with the service; not only did they replace the springs, but they also tuned up the rollers and such so it opens and closes silently, a big improvement over before. Final price was actually one cent lower than the estimate. The only thing keeping it from being a 5 star rating is that the first technician wouldn't move my workbench out of the way so he could have access to one side of the garage; no big deal, I moved the bench and he came back out the next day.
