4 Yes...believe it or not I must say that it's been a great experience each time I've had to go to the Verizon Wirelss store!  Coming from New York, I can tell you the Verizon stores were less than "good"!  After moving to Arizona four years ago, this Verizon Wireless store has been excellent to deal with it!  I've taken phones in for service, paid bills and purchased new phone equipment.  So far...so GOOD.
1 Verizon stores and their system of herding their customers must have been designed by some Machiavellian-type person who watches from afar, with hidden cameras placed in all locations, and watches what transpires inside the stores like some sort of "Big Brother" experiment in human behavior.  When I walk into a Verizon Wireless store because my unfortunately-named Verizon Glyde (all I can think of is a personal lubricant, how about you? maybe I have a dirty mind...) with a touch screen no longer wants to be touched... the "greeter" scowls at me, tells me it's gonna be at least an hour and a half, and then adds my name to the bottom of the queue.    I instantly notice that it smells of excrement... and that, quite literally, the store is crawling with humans.  It's like a bus station.  There are sad-looking people on benches, huddled together for moral support, crying in the corner, and laying in a puddle on the floor.  I relegated myself to sit by a wobbly-looking display with outdated products, hoping I'd be left alone to wait out my sentence.  I have rarely seen the likes of the despair that I saw in my two hours of waiting in the Verizon store.  I bore witness to two different women using Verizon phones, calling customer service in tears, bawling about how the reps at the store refused to help them. I should have taken this as a sign. I watched a person pick off a really large scab. I saw a really together-looking dude get to the point of a breakdown when a rep jumped another customer in front of him in the queue. I mean, there was almost a brawl. I saw three crickets, a spider and a roach... and this was all before my name was called.  The service rep could not, no, WOULD not, fix my phone.  He took one look at the Glyde and started to laugh. "THIS is the worst phone Verizon ever produced.  I can't fix this thing.  I won't even be trying.  Sorry, girl.  You need to get yourself another phone."  Rep then proceeded to detail my options. A. Buy brand-new expensive phone. B. Buy pre-owned expensive phone. C. Be phoneless.  "Surely you must have a clunky Zack Morris-style phone to donate to a damsel in distress!" I protested.  No dice.  "Not even a loaner until my next paycheck?" Not a snowball's chance in hell.    It's ever so obvious that I was never going to get my phone fixed, and no matter what was wrong with it, I was going to be told that I had no choice but to purchase an entire new phone.  I think it's more than a little messed-up to not offer your customers solutions and options instead of backing them into corners. I'm between paychecks, and couldn't justify paying the evil overlords of Verizon hundreds of dollars for another POS, so I am now incommunicado, and am totally bummed.
5 I've had nothing but good experiences in this Verizon store. Contrary to the first review, it's never taken me very long to be helped when I've come to the store. I rarely go in to any verizon store, as most problems can be solved online or over the phone with verizon customer service.   I think the longest wait I've ever had in this, or any, Verizon store was 15 minutes. I've been treated well and had nothing but positive experiences with Verizon. I tend to research EVERYTHING i buy, so I usually don't have big issues with phones, but I feel confident the the reps at this store are more than capable of politely helping me when I need help.
4 Have had good experiences with this store.Most staff members I worked with were good--LeTroy and Sung (and some I'm not sure of their names). They were very helpful in answering questions and explaining things to me. As a plus, the store is roomy and has a nice selection of phones and devices on display.
1 Not the first time iv had issue with in-store purchasing with Verizon but this was the worst....  This place is terrible. i wish that yelp had a negative star chart or perhaps a rating by number of black holes possible because that is exactly where you will find yourself if you ever make the sad mistake of darkening this establishments doorway.   i needed a new phone. I did my homework. i knew exactly what i wanted. (HTC DNA)  what should have been an in and out purchase turned into a ninety (90) minute debacle of a pushy  sales rep trying to up-sell me on every single piece of nick-knacky trash in the store. screen covers i did not want  car chargers i did not need, and  a radio controlled helicopter. No lie. i kid you not. i came in just for a phone and the guy tried to up-sell me on a radio controlled helicopter.   another 45 minutes to an hour the rep spent trying to up-sell me on a data/minute plan i did not want/need. Stating that if i bought more items in store and raised the amount of purchase when i extended my contract  he could give me a break on my bill. at this point i told him thanks but no thanks ill buy online and prepared to leave when magically he was able to get my bill fixed and my phone activated in about 5 minutes. nearly ninety minutes later i walk out with my new phone.  ***********additional note   i did buy a shatter proof case to protect my investment. (another up-sell item) based on the reps pitch of it being "protective and  shock resistant and able withstand drop damage."   today my phone fell from the waist band of my scrubs and hit the sidewalk STILL INSIDE THE "PROTECTIVE" CASE and shattered. when i took it in for help was told that an insurance claim was my only option. i asked for a manager to discuss at least a refund on the faulty case i was told that there was nothing wrong with it. i explained that the "protective" case wasn't that protective and that it was sold as something it clearly wasn't. ...no dice.  my next phone, i will buy online. as every other piece of equipment or accessory i need. Verizon is a good company and their phone and online support is top of the line. In store however its as if they hire the sleezyiest rejected used car salesmen possible to do their bidding and i am done with it.   Advice: if you need a new phone order online. Otherwise enter this store at your peril.
1 I think Verizon is a great store overall, but walking into this store and trying to get help is exceedingly painful.  I'm here on a Sunday afternoon between church services, and with me are my wife and her younger siblings, who we have for the day. My phone doesn't charge, that's why I'm here.  I describe the problem to the assistant that is supposed to help me, and we start talking, but after asking my name and looking up my account, he looks at me and says, 'you aren't an account manager, so I can't help you.'  Period. No more troubleshooting, that's the end of the conversation.  I Co-own a business, and my business partner is the one that created the Verizon account, so his is the only name on it.  If I need to operate anything or change my plan, I just sign in under that username and password.  SO. I go about trying to log on using my wife's phone (as mine is out of commission), thinking its going to be a simple process to add myself on as an account manager.  I get back in the queue, and shortly later another representative walks over and starts the process to help, I tell him my phone won't charge, and that I know they cant warranty it out unless an account manager is here. He immediately tells me that if I'm not on the account, he can't do anything for me. I told this guy, 'yes, but I'm adding myself to the account now, so that wont be a problem.'  He was shocked that i would suggest such a thing, and got this tone in his voice that one would use with an unruly child, and told me that its not ok to do that, they cant help me out, and i need to bring in the account manager, because what I'm doing isn't legal. At that point, tired of being ridiculed, and obviously not getting the help i needed, i decided to take my family and go home!   Don't come to this store! It is worth a few more miles' drive to go to the Verizon store on Power and the 60!
5 I've been to this store numerous times and the service was ok....then I met Rob.. This guy is the best!!!   He was so easy to work with, and he made getting a new phone a simple process...he found every deal possible for me.  I appreciate all he did and would recommend everyone to ask for Rob!!  This guy rocks!!
