4 I love Red Robin.  I love the Whiskey River BBQ burger.  Quick story - in June, my wife and I were in Maui for a friend's wedding, and while we were at the condo we rented for the week, a little red bird flew down and landed on the patio railing.  He was just sitting there, about 3 feet from me, when I exclaimed, "I love your burgers!!"  Now, the bird was actually a cardinal, but who cares, Red Robin is great, and just because I don't know my avian creatures by site all that well doesn't mean I don't know a great burger when I taste it.  Bottomless steak fries are great, and even better when you throw on some Red Robin Seasoning.  The sodas are bottomless and the menu is pretty comprehensive when it comes to burger choices.  I will go back again and again, because even though it is just burgers and fries, it is good burgers and fries.
2 Service is a little bit slow and the "specials" weren't explained properly. We were told by our server that $5.99 specials are on the "box" on the table - the box being a small cardboard cube display ad. A $5.99 salad was advertised and so was a $5.99 burger (which, incidentally, had mushrooms, provolone, and onion straws and was freakin' amazing). Sticking out of the cube was an ad for fish n' chips which a few people ordered. Much to all of our surprise, when the bill came with $11.99 charges for the fish n' chips, we asked the server about the lunch specials she herself pointed out to us. Her response was that she "never told (us) that."   All the food was good-to-excellent, but the flippant attitude that this young lady showed us when she herself had misled us left a bad taste in all of our mouths.
3 This is a Red Robin. If you want the typical American food joint, this is your place. We had a very friendly waiter and overall enjoyed our experience. I was very surprised that a martini was under $5! Compared to most places with food and drinks, the drinks were relatively inexpensive.
4 Reddddddd Robin.....Yum.  Whiskey River BBQ burger is really all I get here so i cant speak to any other thing.  Its just hard to stray away from that good of a burger.  When I was here most recently, I ordered the sweet potato fries instead of the normal fries....they were great...however they dont have a sauce for them and there is also no brown suger or anything on them to take them to the next level...so you end up with good fries that get bland after about 5. :(  comeon Red Robin, develop a sauce to go with those fries.  As always, the staff was very friendly and attentetive.  I always seem to get good service here.
3 What can you expect from a large chain American diner? Burgers and fries, meat and cheese, and potatoes...!   I think this is a great place to take kids because the decor is whimsical (I stared at a huge poster of Leonardo DiCaprio my entire lunch). The prices are average but the portions are pretty big, so splitting a plate would be totally reasonable. Now, for adults...  When I got there the server was super nice and very attentive (but not to the point where she was obnoxiously intrusive). I ordered a crispy chicken salad (?) with a honey mustard poppy seed dressing. It wasn't bad, but then again I came in with lower expectations/standards. The chicken was nicely done--lightly fried and really not that greasy. The vegetables in the salad could have used some help, as they were puny and shriveled.   Overall, I enjoyed my lunch there and even though I know the food isn't great quality, it's not too bad once in a while.
5 I got to this Red Robin about 4 - 6 times per year, and every time I have had good food and great service.  Keep it up!
1 I've never had a bad experience at this location until now. We walked in, waited with 2 other families for too long while all the employees ignored us. And when the hostess finally showed up, she looked like she'd rather have bamboo sticks stuck under her fingernails than seat us. Forget it! I had a bad feeling about how our meal would turn out, so we left.
3 The food here is pretty standard just like Chili's and TGIF. I eat here more than other burger restaurants mainly because of their royalty rewards card. I've already received about 4 free entrees as well as free appetizers and a free birthday burger. Other than that its just another mediocre American food family restaurant.
3 Had out of state family in & they were on central time & very hungry.  We were told 15 MIN and it was almost 1hr. Had to ask for crackers while the food was fixed to pacify the baby. Food was great, just bad timing on our part and bad estimation their part. Will return obviously
3 Good Red Robin! Service was great and the food delicioso!  Not a high end restaurant buy a great neighborhood hang out. Great bar!!!
4 I love red robin! All of the burgers come with endless fries! What is not to love?
4 Free food is always a plus. You get your Birthday burger the month of your birthday, not on the actually day. That is another plus. And, you get a choice of the hamburger or chicken sandwich. They are very accommodating. Food was good, Service was very good. Our waitress was friendly and kind. Prices are reasonable.
2 Yet another corporate restaurant that loves to play musical chairs with their menu.  Seems month to month you don't know what they'll remove and what new thing they'll add.  Think about it, a class A restaurant that actually does make a good burger doesn't need to play hide and seek with their menu items . . . ever!  If I were to rate Red Robin burgers over other burgers I've had in my life, I'd give them around a 5/10.  They are simply sub-par and lack any real good burger flavor.  I did enjoy a pot roast burger they used to make, but good old corporate idiots took it off the menu.  The main thing with any Red Robin is it's all about atmosphere and friendly service, which they do rate a 10 in that department.  Unfortunately, the food is nothing to write home about.  There's literally nothing on their menu that I would find so good it's addictive, and isn't really, really good food what a restaurant should be about?  It's kind of sad, really.  They do have all the right flair and decent service, but the food is so corporate average that it makes the rest of the experience dull.
4 We had a really good experience overall last Sunday.  It did take a moments wait to be seated.  There was lipstick stains on one of the water glasses we were served.  My husband did pay $1 extra for gluten free bun, informed the waiter that he had a sensitivity and was brought battered and deep fried jalapenos on his burger.  We were not offered any discount for these errors.  But, the food was reasonably priced and delicious.  I had a $3 salad with onion straws and blue cheese.  It was the perfect size and I enjoyed each bite.  As a treat since I ordered a salad I tried a salted caramel milkshake.  It was to die for!!!  So delicious.  My husband enjoyed his burger even though he had to pick off the offensive battered jalapenos and couldn't finish all of his first serving of fries.  Our teen son LOVED his spicy ghost pepper something burger and ate a second helping of unlimited fries.  My daughter was happy with her kids meal corn dog, onion straws and milk.  I look forward to going back sometime in the near future.
3 Red Robin is one of those places that takes me back to my childhood. Growing up in the Seattle area, it was one of those fun places that we always went for birthdays or just special nights out. It was a real treat to go to the original location and when I turned 21, my girlfriends and I found ourselves sitting out on the Seattle waterfront far too often.  Fast forward to 2013...when did this place get so freaking expensive?! I'm not sure why I am surprised, but I am. Just like every other mediocre chain restaurant, prices go up, service and quality go down. I'm left with serious eating remorse and I'm kicking myself for dropping $45 on a meal last night that could have been spent in one of our far superior local establishments.  I have been getting the Bleu Ribbon Burger since it was introduced to the menu years ago, but last night I didn't feel like spending $10.79 on one burger so I went with the Patty Melt. It was good enough, and I was pleased. I do love the Red Robin fries and I'm a sucker for their honey mustard. I finished my basket of food and I was actually pretty full. Maybe I didn't need that big burger after all.  My husband had the Veggie Burger. Kids had the Pizza and the Mac and Cheese. No complaints.  Our waitress was nice and fairly attentive. It wasn't busy and we were seated right away. Drinks took longer than usual to come out but that's because our waitress dropped my husband's beer. No big deal, accidents happen. I had a good view of the kitchen and watched one worker stand around and play on his phone for a good chunk of time we were there. (Employees on their cell phones while working really irks me). We were seated under the air conditioning so it was really cold. (Someone once told me that keeping a restaurant really cold was a way to move people out quicker. Not sure if that's what they were going for, but it's always on my radar now.)  I'd like to say that I have learned my lesson, but I'm sure I will be back because my memories of the past always seem to win.
2 Just ok.    The above being said, quality relative to price...bad. Value relative to price...bad.  There's an In and Out near by...better burger and waaaaaayyyyyy cheaper.
5 I hadn't been to Red Robin in a very long time i went this past week and was not disappointed. I remember going there all the time growing up but it had been a while since i had been. When i went this last time i got the blue ribbon burger. it had a patty, with blue cheese crumbles and fried onion stings, then all of the fixings. I thought it was an incredible burger. Then the stake fries that had where great and they kept on bringing them out. One of my friends that came with told me that i had to get their honey mustered to dip my fries in. Their honey mustered was perhaps the best honey mustered i have ever had. Defiantly try it, after all it is free.
4 Love this place! The food is always good. But the service isn't the same.  Most of the times I've been there the service was excellent and there was a couple times the service was horrible.   Their garlic fries are very yummy and they're bottomless!
4 I enjoyed the old format of Red Robin, but they modernized and included a bar, no biggie. I love the endless fries and the root beer, my favorite is the burger with the egg on it.  Its quality food, but sometimes the service is not up to par. Like the time they seated us and forgot about us... It's a quality place, just keep an eye on the help.
4 Yes, it's a chain. Yes, the service is OFTEN lackluster. Yes, it's a small step above fast food.  But I'll be damned I gotta have some Clucks N Fries every now and then! The big fat fries with house seasoning salt work so perfectly to soak up buffalo and ranch sauces. It's a splurge meal that I deserve every once in a while. They keep trying to put different lipstick on this pig. Bar items, Menu changes, Specials, etc... but we all see right through it. It's still the same Red Robin and that's all I want it to be.   If you're really hedonistic you can become Red Robin Royalty which means you're a glutton beyond belief and they will reward you for it. You can even carry a round a plastic card to prove it.
2 I was here on Sunday and I have to say it wasn't that great. The hostess sat us in the bar without asking if it was ok. And of course they had football on and we were seated right under a speaker and they had the volume up very loud. I had to yell to have a conversation with my dad. We ordered our food and usually it doesn't take too long for it to come out. But that day it took forever. It seemed like maybe they had lost out order or the server didn't put it in right away because we had a lot of people checking up on us after the food was brought out.  I had ordered a cheeseburger. The same thing I always get and I was very disappointed. The burger wasn't cooked how I had asked for it to be cooked. I like it pink in the middle and I know they can't do medium rare so I get it he rarest they can make it. But it was well done. There were some burnt areas and boy could I taste it. It completely ruined the burger. Nothing could cover up that horrific taste. And the fries were ok. Just ok.
1 I have eaten at this location for free the last 8 times I've been there or ordered from them...I think I'm finally done. They can't get an order right to save their lives.  They try, I'll give em that. They've re-fired my order three times to get it right more than once and they've not charges me for to go orders just to get them wrong anyway more than once. Terrible.  If you're looking for a place to eat that doesn't take three hours and three re-fires to get you your food, you're better off staying home and ordering Jimmy Johns.
3 Me and my hubby love going to this location. Everyone knows our name, they even ask me if they want to start extra crispy fries {I have a problem} when we get there. They know what we like and always do their best.  Word to the wise: Do NOT sit anywhere but the bar and beware of the creepy manager {you'll know who, trust me} because he'll {did I just drop the gender there?} try to 'save the table' when there was a mistake in the kitchen, instead of just comping the food like a NORMAL person.  They have gone through a few GMs but the most recent one seems to have his head on straight and the staff turn over isn't as bad as it was.
2 I have eaten here several times and normally have a pleasant time. However, this time we had a waitress that was slow and we had to keep asking for more "endless" fries and refills on drinks. It is much better when the waitress is paying attention. It would not have been bad, but the restaurant was slow and should not have been that way.   The food was still tasty. I got the A-1 peppercorn and it was very good. Just wish the service would have been what we were used to there.
