1 If I could give this store negative stars, I would.  I went in there on Sunday to shop for some pants for my daughter.  She is short and wide (she has down syndrome) and there are some pull on pants with pockets that she loves there, deep pockets for her cell phone.  We find 4 pair of pants in her size (amazing in itself), I got an article of clothing , and I got a printer cable.  As usual, there were only 3 cash registers open (on a sunday at noon)  so we go through the help yourself aisle.  Line moves fast and I notice that that there is a person standing right in the middle of the do it yourself lines ringing people up also, so as it's my turn, I can either pick a do it yourself or go to her, so I go to her (don't like the do it yourself).  I have 6 items, 4 exactly the same.  She tell me "you have too many items, I can't help  you."  Really, 6 items is too many for you?  So as usual, poor customer service in this store.  So I turn around, and of course every one of the do it yourself registers are now full.  So not only can she not help me, because I have 6 items (too many for her little Walmart brain to handle) but I now get to stand in line again.  I walked.  I have had very poor customer service in this store again and again, and I keep coming back.  This was the last straw.  I  have also written Walmart, and I bet you money that I will never hear from them.  It's all about volume for this company, they could really give a shit about customer service.  As long as all the people come to their stores and spend money, that's all this corporation cares about.  Do yourself a favor and stay away from Walmart.  I know they are less expensive that Safeway, but not at the expense of your sanity, and if you expect anything resembling customer service, you won't get it here.  STAY AWAY!
1 Have never heard a word from corporate, even an apology email would have been nice.  I'd be willing to bet they get SO MANY complaint letters they just can't keep up.  Or they just don't give a shit.  My money is on the second.
5 I use the pharmacy here, and the staff is really helpful and nice. I haven't had any problems returning product yet at this location, and it's alot better here than at other Walmarts in my opinion. I bought a carpet cleaner once, but it was too small for my needs, and they took it back, no questions asked, and refunded my money, such a nice store! obviously the pharmacy has me hooked (ha ha) so I guess I will be coming back to this location in the future, like this morning! :)
5 Yes.  It just does not get any better for people watching.  The heavy woman with the tight Cardinals t-shirt and shorts that crept into the moist and dark gap of her legs. Each step seemed labored. The noise of her sweaty thighs grinding and slipping on each other sounded like a child eating pudding.  The slutty looking girl with a low-riding blouse that barely covered the rims of her areolae - each as pink as a kitten's nose.  The gruff looking guy that probably had a necklace made of ears in Vietnam.   This place is fantastic for the variety of the trainwrecks that shop the aisles.  And the prices aren't so bad either.
3 Where the heck are the blue shopping baskets?!  Out of the dozens of times we have come to this location, I think we have seen the blue shopping baskets maybe twice; I don't want to use a shopping cart for 3 items, and I don't want to awkwardly carry stuff while I look around at other products in the store.  Anyway, Wal-Mart has low prices for sure. We don't usually get produce or meat from here, but packaged food prices are usually the same or lower than some grocery stores. Home goods and health and beauty items are priced well and typically beat other department stores.  I rarely am able to find someone to help look for something, and if I do, they don't have much pep in their step or enthusiasm. Seldom do employees go above and beyond to help customers.  Customer service line is always slow, but we don't very often have a problem with returns, no-receipt returns, or exchanges; they are usually accommodating. This location is fairly clean, has a large parking lot with wide lanes, and has a fairly good selection of food and home goods.
3 Get in and get out! Dont fall into the wal-mart trap!
1 Terrible. Terrible. Terrible. In every way this place is a hell-hole and it's terrible. Do not buy meat or produce from here. Take my word for it, you will be sorry. Customer service is non-existent. Cheap prices but it is never an easy in & out at this place. Over crowded with trashy people. I'm so sick of this place I just cannot go back. I've been to other Wal-Marts that are not this terrible.
1 Ugh! Walmart. I wish the staff here cared more.
1 Worst services I have ever experienced!!! They are slow, I swear they hire retarded people to work there, you would get better customer service and smarter people if you put McDonalds workers in there!! Total assholes, Worst customer services I ever experienced! I will NEVER use them again! This review is regarding the Vision Center!
5 I have been going to this store for several years now, It is open 24 hours, and it is a nice store. The staff have always been nice. I can always find what I am looking for, and if not- I know there are other Walmarts that might have it not too far from this one. They have some other great businesses in the area too, so I think it is a really good location. It seems to be pretty busy, but I love the fact it is open 24/7. I will continue to do business at this location. Thank you Walmart staff for your honest work.
