1 At first the experience was good. The rep at this company was very friendly and seemed to listen to our needs. After talking to them specifically about the type of dog we have (a Pitbull) and that many management companies don't accept them, we were assured that was not an issue with the property we were looking at. Even their own website said on that property listing (and others) there were no breed restrictions. However after turning in our non refundable app fee, they stated that due to the breed of our dog we were not able to obtain the house...They refused to refund the app fee (due to it not being refundable) even though they were in the wrong here...they told us before we applied that the dog was no issue..Also not only did they refuse to refund the app fee they didn't even offer to use the files or app fee we paid towards another property application. The manager there tried to tell my roommate that he sits next to his rep and he knows he never said anything like this...ya we wouldn't just make this up also the manager leaves by 5 i think if i remember correctly. Most of the calls we had with the rep were after 6pm. Be very cautious in using this company. I personally don't recommend them due to my experience with them.
5 So I have found myself in a situation like many here in the valley.  I moved here from Seatte to take care of my sick mother, and by the time I realized how sick she was all her bills and house payments were really behind.  Last Wed I found out her house was going to auction this Wed.  So of course im freaking out and need to move asap.  I found a house Monday, was given the code to see the house that day.  Fell in love with the house.  Filled my app out Tues it is now Wed its completely processed and has been handed to the home owner for approval.  Eric Evans has worked quickly to get this approved for me.  Regardless of what the homeowner says...he work quickly on my behalf!  Thank You Eric you ROCK!
1 What a nightmare. Moved us into a filthy rental, with tons of repairs needed (90% of which would have been found if they'd inspected the property). HOA dues are in arrears as well, so we cant get pool keys, which is why we rented this house. Nathan has spent the last two weeks telling one lie after another and finally today, Tom Caldwell let us know all of this is "common" and apparently this is how Brewer Caldwell does business. STAY AWAY!
4 We used Brewer Caldwell to manage a property that we bought for a rental investment.  The people at B.C. are very smart and energetic. Their prices are great... and their service is super.  I have to laugh at two of the reviews.  If the heat is out and the repair is delayed ? --  that is the OWNERS fault, not Brewer Caldwell's fault.   BC puts pressure on us owners to fix these things... for sure...believe me.  When we try to get an AC/Heat job done, it may take a couple of days since the AC/Heat repair guys are backed up with work.  Get a space heater and get over it.  The other person certainly viewed the property and chose to live there.  That is also not B.C.'s fault.    If it was filthy ?  They saw it was filthy before they moved in....come on....Wake up people.
1 I sued these people and won. Please make sure you take pictures when you move in and when you move out! Office is full of kids that have no idea what they are doing. Check out their reputation with the BBB.
1 This is not a property management company that meets our requirements and  has the same ethics as that of the Obama Administration. Nothing but 1/4 truths or at least that is what our experience was when we used them in 2005 I doubt they have changed much after reviewing all the other bad comments about them. Do your homework and check them out prior to signing anything
