1 Avoid this place at all costs.  I wondered around this store tonight for 30 minutes and not one employee could take the time to ask if I needed assistance.  I finally tracked down an employee and walked around, back and forth looking confused just to see if she would ask if she could assist.  NOT a chance ...she went back to storing some blind hardward in one of the kitchen cupboard displays.  I finally approached her and asked a simple question - if they had an adapter for a range hood (since the range hoods were 8 feet from where she was working, I though just maybe she might know).  I even showed her EXACTLY what I needed from the display model.  She says "I have no idea, but if we do it would be over in venting" ... I oh, seems no one knows ... to which she snaps back in a snide, rude, and condesending manner .. I"M SORRY, I DON'T KNOW THIS ENTIRE STORE.  Wothless ....  Go elsewhere.
3 I've never really had a bad experience per se, but I've not exactly been helped a whole bunch either. It's Home Depot. What more can you expect?
5 love this place!
2 First I have to say I am a long time fan of Home Depot. I am a home owner, my home is older, I don't have the type of money to have someone out each time something goes wrong, so DIY is a must.   That said, Home Depot used to be a great place to go to get what I need. Granted, it still has the things I need, but something has defiantly changed.   Now I don't expect that there be a genius contractor on staff to walk me through each step of my project. However, The Depot used to have a fairly knowledgeable staff. They at least knew what they had on the shelves, and what each thing was used for, at least in a general sense.   I also would like to say that it's not just this store either. This seems to be an issue with the company in general. The gearing just seems to be more towards pointing me to something expensive, rather than what I need. I don't know if they have adopted an up-sell policy, but the good advice is just not there anymore.   Now I don't normally go in with no idea what I need. I generally have researched my project fairly well and generally just need pointed to where I can locate something. In the past I would get this plus, often, some good advise from the staff, sometimes even a better idea about how to accomplish my goal.   Sadly, this was the past. Recently when visiting any Home Depot, if someone is not directly trying to sell me something - seriously I have been asked 3-4 times in a single visit if I wanted to sign up to get a free estimate for everything from windows to flooring- all while I am trying to find what I need, they are just not useful. I cringe when I am approached by someone asking if I need help now.   On the occasion I cannot find what I am looking for and ask, I get wrong answers, bad advise, and/or directed to the most expensive item, that won't work for what I need.   An example, I recently went in to look at sealants/caulking. I had looked all over the paint and roofing section where the sealants were, for a food safe, below the water line caulking. Now I didn't know if they had anything that would meet my needs, but I had read on the internet that they did. I even knew the brand/type I wanted. So, I asked the employee hanging around in paint/sealant section. He told me a story about his pond and turtle for a few minutes, and then said, "anyhow, all of our sealants are over here (pointing in the direction of the caulking section that we were literally just walking out of that was 10 feet away). Thanks, never would have noticed it otherwise.   Working on the same project I was looking at concrete on a earlier visit. I explained what I needed, and was directed towards some rapid set brand concrete. I was skeptical, as it was the most expensive concrete in the store, and the label on it didn't sound like what I needed. Sadly, I knew nothing about concrete so I went with his advice. Not only was it the wrong stuff, it was a waste of money. Now I bet people who know what rapid set concrete is are already laughing. I know when I called my buddy, who works in concrete, to ask him what went wrong he was. Rapid set is exactly what the name suggests. I mixed it, put it in a bucket to move over to my work site, and by the time I tried to take the first trowel full it was hard as a rock. The total time from adding water to the work site was less than 6-7 minutes. The product is made for emergency repairs and/or setting posts, according to my buddy, and is about the worst thing to advise someone with no concrete experience to use. Also even If I knew exactly what I was doing, there was no way I could have used this product to get my project done. I have to assume this employee was either having a laugh, was going on policy to suggest the most expensive item, or is a complete moron.   Now don't get me wrong. I take some responsibility here. I should have read up more on concrete before I ever went. And I don't expect employees to save me from my own ignorance. But, I used to be able to at least get sound advice when I needed it.   Now these are just a few samples of the type of sub-par service I have some to expect at The Depot. Lately I have been visiting Lowe's more often. They suck too, but they have a larger selection and don't even pretend they know what they are talking about, so at least they're honest.
3 This review is for the Garden Center only.  The flower selection seemed to be fairly limited but the prices were descent. They have a good selection of planters and I found a couple that I really liked. Herbs were incredibly limited and those that they did have looked horrible. Tomato and pepper plants seemed alright. The Home Depot at Mesa Riverview has a better garden center all around but I would still give this location another chance.  One of the cashiers outside was standing at her register playing on her cell phone while the other cashier helped everyone. I went to the cashier that was doing her job and she was really nice.  Next time I will go to one of the many nurseries around the area. Home Depot is good for other home improvement needs. Gardening, not so much.
1 This review is for their propane exchange and overall customer service. Over the past year, their propane exchange kiosk has only worked once. The standard procedure is to go to the outside machine, see if it works, verify that it doesn't and then go stand in line to pay for a propane exchange. Afterwards, a 5 - 10 minute wait follows for someone to come to the front of the store and unlock the propane cage. Tonight, after going through the first several steps and purchasing my propane I was told, " Sir - it probably doesn't work because all of the propane tanks are empty." This is after waiting a few minutes. I went back outside to verify that there are in fact propane tanks and I am now 8 minutes into my wait for a tank. The experience overall is incredibly frustrating and so much so that I no longer wish to give this location one penny of my money for any purchase period.
3 Its Home Depot. You've got questions, they have answers. Not always the best 1's but they will give you answer. Necessary evils in the game of life. Clean location, questionable PDSS employees but most of all I gotta say thanks for the Military Discount
2 If you need to get locks rekeyed that weren't purchased here don't go to this location, only the Home Depot on Crismon and Southern still does that. The hardware associate went so far as to tell me it was "unlawful" for them to do so..
3 It's a home depot.  Nothing special but also nothing bad.  It's everything I expect from a HD.
5 Went to superstition springs store walked out for waiting over 30 for help.  I was in and out in 10 at this store!
4 These guys are good.  I go into at least two different Home Depots a day this one by far is the best.  Sharon near the pro check out always has a smile on her face doesn't matter what time of day it is.  I go out of my way to go to the store when I can.
