3 The program was adequate. Not raving but not complaining.
5 We recently switched to this gym from another Mesa gym and are so pleased with Diamondback Gymnastics.  The separation between the gym and viewing area is a great safety feature.  The facility is always clean as well.  The curriculum is organized and changes weekly so the kiddos don't experience boredom and are challenged each week.  The coaches are professional and courteous.  My children really enjoy their class and we are so happy that we switched to this gym.
5 My daughter has been taking gymnastics and tumbling classes here over the last 6 months. The coaches are great with beginners (my only experience with them) and are always encouraging my daughter to practice and continue with her passion.  The front desk staff is very friendly and always willing to work with you should you need to schedule make up classes. Lastly, it is very affordable and the girls AND boys all seem to be having a great time!
5 We are new to the area and new to gymnastics and our eight-year-old absolutely loves it here!  The facility is spacious with an enclosed "dance-moms-ish" viewing area.  We had no trouble setting up a free trial class and were given personal feedback by the instructor immediately following it.  The prices are very reasonable and they also offer an early-bird discount for paying the monthly fees before the 1st.  Our daughter counts down the days until her gymnastics class every week and loves every minute of it.  My only recommendation is that it gets pretty hectic on the weekdays, so try to arrive early to grab a seat if you're planning on staying to watch during class.
1 This gym is okay for lower level gymnasts' only.  My son has attended this gym for several years and once he and other gymnasts moved up in levels the coaching was not consistent to the USGA and changed several times during competition season.  I would not recommend this gym for anyone who wishes to proceed pass a level 6 for girls 5 for boys.  They don't have the coaching talent to move someone forward.  They need to work with other high level gyms and their coaches to transfer .  This is a fine recreational gym.  Definitely not  for a serious gymnast.   The boys coach has several complaints from other parents and in our dealings with him has been very unprofessional and a bit egotistical.  I would not recommend for the serious gymnast.
5 Great with my young kids. Very accommodating to the scheduling needs of young families, as well. Their positive and professional encouragement is helping to build my kids' confidence and fitness. I'm so glad we found this gym.
