5 Very friendly and very helpful at this location! I felt like a very valued customer!
5 Best car rental experience I've ever had.  Friendly, efficient staff (thanks, Greg!).  And when I requested a last-minute drop-off at my house, they were very accommodating. I'll use them again.
5 We rent cars very frequently. I no to what to look for and what to look out for. But the Superstition location managed by Luke is one of the most efficient and friendliest of all places I've rented.   The eye for detail is welcomed. As soon as we walk in, I am personally greeted with a smile, my name mentioned in the greeting & a kind "one moment please".  This place really takes pride in their cars and especially their customer service. Aside from Luke being a great asset as branch manager. Sam is also superior in his customer service. I've heard the same delivery of speach to each of the many different customer. The service is personalized to the specific customer. There are too many more names  to be mentioned. But this is truly one great team that steps up to the plate each and every time.  It is the integrity,  professionalism & the high level of customer service is what makes this specific location a 6 star review. For now, Yelp offers up to 5 stars. But this location always has an extra star.
5 Good customer service. Service was fast and we're ready to head to Vegas. We are happy camper now. I would recommend this place.
1 Worst rental experience. The girl that charged my card did not clarify anything being charged or disclose the amount I was waaaay over charged. It didn't seem like a professional environment which is surprising compared to these other reviews. I didn't appreciate no info given to me and the Asian guy that showed me the car I rented kept talking about dead bodies in the trunk and in the front, it was just awkward.
1 My husband and I went to get our car fix and the insurance suggested this location for us to rent a car, bad idea! Jennifer was the person that helped us and she kept telling us over and over again that if anything happens to the car that we are going to get charge, that she has our credit card number on file. I get it that she has to say or explain that to us, but saying it over and over and over and over and over again...seriously? Like she knew something was wrong with the car or something, and that we were going to get blame. So we were not comfortable at all and ended up just borrowing a family members car and returning the rental car to them the next day. I would stay away from this location.
5 I recently rented a car while my own vehicle was getting repaired.. Enterprise picked me up brought me to their facility, and the rental agreement was processed, the car was inspected and I was on my way. The person that took care of me was very professional and I would rent from them again.
5 Great customer service - even though there was a bit of a wait, the customer service was great and they apologized several times so it was worth it.  The car we rented was AWESOME on gas (Dodge Caravan), and the unlimited mileage really helped since we traveled out of state.  Visited the Queen Creek location first and had a TERRIBLE experience. Really glad Superstition Springs saved the day! Highly recommend.  P.S. Parking is a bit tricky - there are VERY few spots... be prepared for that!
5 After a terrible battle over a van we reserved in April and not getting it the day before vacation at the Queen Creek location...this place came to our rescue, quick, painless, friendly and to the point, had our van within 10 minutes of showing up, thanks guys! WARNING: DO NOT GO TO THE QUEEN CREEK LOCATION!!!!!!!!!!
