3 I was impressed with this locations up-keep. Considering the location, most of the stores are run down and diiiiirty - make no mistake, the Jo-Ann's in Gilbert is much cleaner than this location, but from the last time I was there to now, they have rearranged the store a little and I think it has improved the overall look. The fabrics were neat and tidy, and the girls working there were really nice - although, not too helpful.  This location has your basic needs for crafty inclinations, which is all I ask.
2 This store had a decent selection of fabric and all the same patterns available at other JoAnn stores, but I was totally unimpressed.   I signed up for a sewing class and the instructor was 15 minutes late. Then, she decided to change the project for the class so we ended up spending the first 30 minutes of the class buying new fabric and patterns (which could have taken longer, but thankfully there were only 2 of us enrolled in this class). The projects ended up turning out well, but it was a disappointing experience as the class was stopped promptly at the end time and I feel like I didn't get my ful allotted time.   The store is in a strip mall of not-so-great stores, so with that taken into account, the inside of the store looks fairly well maintained. The day I was there, there were 2 teenage boys working in the store who were unable to answer my questions which is less than ideal, but I guess if that's all you can get to work in the store...   *sigh* I'll stay in my corner of the valley to shop for fabrics. If this is your corner of the valley, head South to the SanTan location - it's great.
1 The Manager Dani.This little thing is very rude, very bad customer service.. If you say your going to honor something than do it.. I rather shop at Hobby lobby!!!
1 I do a lot of costum work on cars and boats and mainly shopped at this establishment because it was on the way home. Almost every time I purchased something on sale it never rang up correctly at the front desk. And the only reason I know this is because I would only buy something that was on sale. Their prices are extremely inflated! It was not surprising to pay 5x as much for an item. I have no clue how this place is still in business. Maybe there are enough people that don't care about value to keep this place going.
1 Do not go here if you have questions ! All the workers looked at me like what I was doing in the store didn't even want to help when I had a question ! Walked up to some old lady working there and asked her a question - she clearly said WHAT ? I said excuse you ? She said WHAT can I help you with ? So I went on with my question . She said whatever we have on the shelf is what we have . I was very disappointed and didn't even want to spend my money at this store ! Obviously if you are not old like them they think you don't know what you are doing or talking about !!! I ended up ordering from amazon that's how bad I am not going back to that store !!! I don't even want to give them a one star !!
1 I agree with everyone else that has said their customer service is basically nonexistent. It's a miracle if you can a clerk anywhere in the store besides at the cutting table or the lone clerk at the register and when you do ask a question they look at you like you are speaking and a foreign-language. I've been told, "No we don't have that," and then have come upon exactly what I asked about........  WHO's MONITORING THESE STORES??????
