1 I have just purchased a sectional sofa from here for our family room, they offered us next day delivery which I thought at the time was great being that it was just before the Christmas Holliday. Well everything looked great until I really had a chance to spend time looking at it on my first day off, which was 5 days later and I noticed two strange faded like spots one on the back of the sofa which is covered by the throw pillows and the other by where the fold of your legs would hit. At first I thought it was just the sun making a shadowing effect but I was wrong. We called the room store customer service and they sent someone out 5 days later, and then they followed up with a call telling us it was normal wear! REALLY! I didn't even have it for a week! The sale person was the manager at the store his name was jack, although he was polite they DO NOT!  Stand behind there furniture, I would never shop, buy, or tell anyone to buy, or even look at anything in this store ever! They are very unprofessional when it comes to standing behind there product. Very unhappy! Jacque
4 Overall good selection of inexpensive, mid-quality furniture. If not for one salesperson, my review could have gone another direction. He was very helpful and came up to me several times. The other salesmen seemed to flock to the families and elderly who looked like they might make larger purchase.
1 Purchased furniture set (couch, loveseat, chair) a few days after Thanksgiving. We were aware of the 72 hour full refund-return policy. Furniture was such poor quality, it had to be returned to Roomstore for 'repair'. They took the furniture for repair and called to say they needed an extra day for the fix. The next day that furniture was to be redelivered, it never showed as they forgot to schedule the return. Upon getting furniture back, it had NOT been repaired, at all, and had been slightly damaged in a couple areas. We had another 'technician' come out to look at furniture, and subsequently Rooomstore told us the furniture was in 'acceptable' condition, and squeaks, groans, and pops coming from the arms, cushions, and backs of furniture were 'normal'. Had to go to a differing Roomstore to get replacement furniture and of course pay more for poor quality. On some of the furniture they sell, the cushions cannot be flipped, as there is no matching fabric on cushion bottoms. They willingly admit the furniture is not designed to last over seven years...it's on the sales documents. This, by far, was the worst purchase experience in regard to furniture buying. Customer service is generally unaware and relatively uncaring and often have to "contact a manager" for a solid, factual response. Although they are Arizona based, please research other stores/chains and avoid Roomstore and the problems and issues we had.
4 *This review is for the customer service we received; we knew what we wanted when we went into the store and realize that not everyone is in that position.*  Excellent customer service! My husband, brother-in-law and I went furniture shopping last night. The Room Store was our 4th stop of the evening, and we found the living room set we were looking for right away. Allen, our salesman, approached us and said "we have that in another color right around the corner". Little did he know, just then we were discussing purchasing it in a darker color.   We began looking at the darker version, and he came up and handed me a business card with the full price of the 4 pieces we were looking for, along with delivery and scotch guard, all rolled into it. Within 15 minutes we were at a table purchasing the set from him. Allen was excellent to us and provided us with exactly the information, support, and assistance we needed, right when we needed it. He was able to anticipate our needs and ensure that they were met; he even moved things around in order to accommodate our short timeline for delivery.  The furniture is being delivered in a few days; I'll update my review when we have seen the final delivered product.  BOTTOM LINE: Ask for Allen!
4 Really late update: furniture was delivered quickly and efficiently. It's been a few months with it and we love what we purchased; great quality stuff and the customer service during delivery was excellent.
5 This was the easiest furniture buying expereince ever. I had already bought he bulk of my furniture elsewhere and needed something a little more reasonably priced and so we went in the roomstore. The sales person immediatly helped us and wasn't pushy or annoying. He wrote down measurements for me, got us discounts, and arranged delivery all within less time than anywhere else I have shopped.   The customer service called several days before the delivery to confirm the address and then again the day before with the delivery time window. The delivery people showed up on time and were in and out in minutes and very nice. I was a pleasant expereince for something that is usually a hassle. This isn't the highest quality furniture but when you need something really reasonably priced, this is the place!
1 A few decent items but the sales people don't give you 5 seconds to actually look, browse, and discuss. Could not even talk to my wife without the woman interrupting me every time I tried to speak. Was considering buying but just walked out because she wouldn't let us get more than 5 feet away from her. To the woman working on Presidents Day evening 2014. NO THANKS ON THE PAINTERS TAPE IDEA!!! For future customers, STOP suggesting after they have acknowledged your ideas!!! Went to a competitor and bought a whole living room.
1 I walked around with my gf looking at bedroom sets, I had never been in and have no reason to return.  There was nothing of value in the store for me and I guess its a credit store for those that can't afford to buy furniture. I wouldn't recommend this store.
