1 I had AZ Exterminating for a long time (~4 years) and all was great (welll not great, I didn't have bugs but there were other issues....). When they decided to switch to a new "better" pesticide that only meant they had to come every other month, that was when this company hit the skids. Also, the new spray service was more expensive, not twice as much but still. The price went up drastically for a per visit fee. The "better" stuff DID NOT WORK. I had to call them to come back and respray every month, which they did. I got tired of calling every month and said, just put me back on the old monthly service. THEY REFUSED. Said they didn't offer monthly service. So I was like fine, I will call them every month to come for a free respray. One day I realized I hadn't seen a bill for a while, I checked my records and found they hadn't been here in four months! (It was over the winter so bugs were at a minimum). I let them know this wasn't acceptable and if it happened again, they no longer needed to come here. Lo and behold, it happened again. So I hired a new company. Guess what, AZ Exterminating showed up a month later while I was in Europe, sprayed, and billed me. I refused to pay. They reported it to collections and now its on my credit.   Meh, I still have a super prime credit rating and AZ Exterm is still a poorly run company. STEER CLEAR OF THEM!!!
2 I'll chime in.  We had AZ Exterminating do a full-out caulk of our house because we have scorpions.  My husband wonders if we were seeing more scorpions after that because they were trapped in the house when we caulked.  Needless to say we switched to Assured Pest Control when we found a record 4 scorpions alive and kicking in one night in our front foyer and living room.  Since switching to Assured [(623) 877-0726], we still see scorpions outside...dead or dying.  Haven't had any in the house in some time.
1 I had a contract with this company for their "All Pest Solution". I continuously had Drywood Termites that they couldn't seem to treat properly. Not only does their warrentee not cover damage done by the termites such as other companies like Terminex, but they wouldn't even cover the price of the tenting to get rid of the termites. After I paid them over $1000 for tenting, they voided my warrantee giving no reason. Now I'm out that money and have to pay another company over $1000 to get a new warrantee.  Stay away!!! These folks don't play by the book.
4 As soon as I switched to Az Exterminating all the pest problems that I was trying to deal with myself were solved.  They always call a day or 2 before my scheduled date, they seem to lay down appropriate amount of chemicals for the time of year/pest activity and my technician is always professional and polite.   I got 3 quotes before choosing a pest control company, they were right in the middle price wise.
4 Service is very strong, always call to see if there is a problem.
4 They've been spraying at our house for over a year and we have been very happy. We had a horrible black widow problem, as in, we would kill a dozen a night on the back patio, within a week of them starting our service, they were gone entirely. And they haven't been back which is more important. We do sometimes get an earwig in the house but that's because I don't have the indoor service because I have a parrot. They always call me the day before to check and be sure it's okay to spray and remind me to leave the dogs in and they always leave my invoice on my door. I have not had any problems with them at all and I carefully read all warranties and fine print and think they are a good company. I also got quotes from other companies before going with AZ Exterminating.   I also love that even though the yard gets sprayed, I have not seen any dead lizards which is a good thing! We still have them on our walls and geckos in the garage which is fine by me. We don't have as many, which is also fine by me because it means there is less for them to eat which = fewer bugs! The only thing I am sort of sad about is that our lovely, roaming female wolf spider who would valiantly take down some of our black widows is gone and she hasn't been back with any offspring. My guess is she was an unfortunate unintended victim. :(
5 Before using Arizona Exterminating Co. I used the cheap $35 service through Enterprise pest control. All they did was spray for the $35 and nothing more. I don't think one bug died.  A friend recommended Arizona Exterminating and the guy that came out came on time and asked me what the problem was. He went inside and spread a can of stuff in I guess high traffic bug areas of the house. then he went outside and got rid of all spider webs then spreaded a granule thing all over my yard, Then he sprayed everywhere. I signed up for a year contract with them and they now come every other month. occasionally I see a bug inside and call the technician and he comes over the following day even if it is a month I am not supposed to have them come. I can't believe the customer service of this company and highly recommend them.   I learned you go "cheap" on pest control and you don't get rid of anything.
1 They had a 3hr window and never showed, when I called they didn't seem interested in my business
