5 These guys are Great!!! They did and incredible job fixing my work van that was in an accident about a month and a half ago. They gave me a great estimate,  kept me informed throughout the whole process, got it fixed within the estimated time frame (the insurance company delayed, wanting to total my van...they worked very hard to not get them to total it, which I truly appreciate...since I didn't want to have to go buy an new work van and transfer all my equipment). I wish I could show a picture as it looks better than the day I bought it over 5 years ago.  Thanks to everyone over there who worked on it for me, the service advisor was Robert Downey Jr.. Thank you and will recommend anyone I know that is looking for your services.
5 I am so happy that I chose Invision Auto Body to fix my car after a motorist hit my front fender. You know how every time we take our vehicles to get fixed etc. and the company always never has it done in a timely manner.  well they did a great job and was done at the time they promised.  Plus my car had lights burnt out on the back out lights and they were replaced free,  My car was detailed  too.  We are very pleased.  Thank You Invision Auto Body...Pam Pierson
5 Here's a 5 Star Review for you!  Thanks to Kyle & Ashley who took really great care of my car from start to finish - a rare quality in your industry.  I will refer my friends and family to you whenever there's a need.  Keep up the great work and may God Bless your business!
5 Jim was incredible and he had my Honda Odyssey, looking like new , and it was done in a day,  by the nicest, friendliest guy ever!  The price was right and I had fun talking about junkyards, pick a part places, which still exist!!!  The final result was a work of art!
5 Wow! I am floored by the service! From setting up an appointment, to return time to get my car back . . . great, great, great! An individual rear-ended my car and did some damage to my quarter panel and alignment. The estimate was quick and painless. I set up a time to have the car fixed. When I dropped it off, the receptionist contacted Enterprise and explained Invision would contact me with updates. Jim would contact me to let me know there was more damage and they needed to send another quote. I never felt out of the loop. But, the results for the car were unbelievable! They washed my car, vacuumed it out . . . smelled like a brand new car! I am so pleased with the results. These guys are great. Now, I certainly don't want to have to visit them again because that would mean I would need some car repair..but they would be front runners for any type of aesthetic repair. Thank you so much Invision!!
5 I love Invision Auto Body for a number of reasons, Brian Hosford being one of them. He is a honest hard working representative of theirs. They get you the quote for your auto work right away and are reliable. They are well respected and do quality work at a great price.
5 I am so happy with the service I got at Invision Auto Body. The shop is very professional. They did such a great job, I would highly recommend them!
5 Wow! What can I say about Brian and Kyle at Invision. I have had my vehicles repaired there and they do a fantastic job. Not only was it a great looking repair they did it in a very timely manner. I am also an insurance agent and was so impressed by their work, their VERY NICE shop, the fact they are locally owned since 1975, and great customer service. I have started referring all of my clients there and even put one of their cards on every ID card I send to my clients so they know where to take their cars when the get in an accident. Great job guys!
5 Over the years we've had auto body repairs on our vehicles completed four or five times at Invision Auto Body. We've never had a bad experience. The customer service is unparalleled. They also stand by their warranty too. We once had a minor issue with our paint after a repair and they promptly got in the shop and fixed it with no fuss. On recent repairs we've worked with Robert and Kent. Both are excellent at communication and making sure everything is perfect when the vehicle is ready to go home. We wouldn't hesitate to recommend Invision for all your auto body repairs.
5 Absolutely loved the service here!  We brought our truck here after getting hit by another driver, and they were so nice from start, Robert kept in touch to tell us about our truck's progress, they called Hertz for us to get a rental, I will definitely be coming back for future repairs.
5 Tops in quality! Tops in customer service! I highly recommend this shop for everyone. Have used them twice and very happy.
