5 Ok before i moved to AZ i used to see these commercials on all the time and i always wanted to go there. So when i found out there was one next to me we went straight there. This place is great i had the Smokehouse Burger man that was a great burger I loved this place wish they had one out here
4 My wife and I see these commercials all the time and we dont even have any in Cali that we know of. So we had to try it today. There is alot of great sounding dishes on the menu. I didnt know what to get and im a sucker for memphis dry rub ribs. They where ok. I usually like to try places signature dishes but i couldnt pass it up. They have alot of different flavor lemonades and ice tees also. We tried a few.
4 This place is always empty, and I do not see why?  The Triple Prime burgers are fantastic, and well prices. The french fries are also great. This is one of my fav places to eat burgers, and I am not a supporter of chains. I ate here on a whim one day, and was very impressed.  If you are a burger fan (and by that I mean someone who like a burger that tastes great without a ton of toppings, you enjoy the beef) order the Triple Prime burger, you will love it.  As one reviewer also noted, they have a large selection of really good lemonades and teas, and they are not the usual chain variety.   Overall I really enjoy the quiet, good service.
4 I used to go to this location a few years ago when I lived in the area. A few days ago I saw a Ruby Tuesday ad in a magazine I was reading and got some family together for dinner last night. Our waiter was Jameson (named after the whiskey I hope) and even though he had a few tables was quick to fill drinks and see if we needed anything. I ordered some kind of white fish with mashed cauliflower with the salad bar added on. The food was all great (having a few vodka tonics earlier may have helped) and the iced tea I ordered had perfect flavor.   4 1/2 stars easily.
4 Great food! Just tried the new zucchini mini cakes. Yum! All their food here is so flavorful and the salad bar is always a favorite. Always leave this place satisfied!
5 Let's start with the salad bar which is well stocked, with a nice selection of mixed fields greens, spinach and your typical iceberg lettuce for the less adventurous. Moving to the middle of the salad bar we find sliced mushroom, cherry tomatoes, cucumbers, peas and other assorted veggies. They also have a broccoli salad which has shredded cheddar, bacon and a light dressing. Two things should be noted: One is that the bar has real bacon pieces and the other is their croutons. They are very dark, and look like pumpernickel but don't taste like it. What sets them apart from any other crouton I have ever had is that they are slightly crisp on the outside and soft and chewy in the middle. I can't get enough of them on my plate. They are delicious and fun to eat. There is also a nice selection of dressings as well. They also offer unsalted sunflower seeds to top off your salad. A nice touch. Another very classy touch is that the salad plates sit on an icy cold chilling plate so you always get a cold salad plate.  We had the shrimp fondue. Thick and cheesy with lots of baby shrimp. It was served with crisp, paper thin multicolored chips. An excellent appetizer.  Entrees: Parmesan Shrimp pasta - yum. Chicago baby back ribs (full rack of course), very tender meat which literally fell off the bone - yum. Dockside Grill Trio - tilapia was way too chewy, should be slightly firm and flaky. But our server took care of that right away. New Orleans Seafood - yum. Grilled Salmon - yum. Rib eye - first one - yum, second time way too fatty. But again our server took care of that right away. It should be noted that the rib eye portion is huge, practically filling the whole plate. Chef's Cut Sirloin - yum. The cooks know how to cook meat at the temp you order.   Now for the sides: Homemade cheese biscuits - yum. Roasted spaghetti squash - yum. Onion rings with chilli dipping sauce - yum.  Baked potato - hard to mess one of these up unless it's been in the oven for a few days.   Deserts: So far we have only tried one. The red velvet cupcakes. These come right out of the fridge. The texture is just right and the icing is thick, tasty and not cloying. A very tasty cupcake.  The service: Very attentive. We never have to ask for drink refills. Servers strike the right balance of friendliness and respecting our privacy.   Bottom line: Ruby Tuesday has become our favorite restaurant. The food is excellent with any missteps promptly remedied. The service is very good. The servers know how to do their job and the management we have met is very attentive as well. Expect to spend around $35 - $40 for two.
4 The salad bar here is always a go to.  Their revamped menu is pretty good as well. Love that you have veggies as side options w/ out having to shell out extra $ for them. The burgers here are great too.   Everytime Ive been here, Ive had an attentive, polite waitress (which is always nice).  They have a great patio for when the weather permits, sometimes w/ live music. I really have nothing bad to say about this location.
1 Salad bar looked like it has been sitting there for hours especially the potato salad. Food let's just say... Not coming back to this one.
5 Ruby tuesday is the shit. Great food.  Great servers:) pretzel burgers are to die for!
