2 I try over and over to like Kmart, but it's just not there :(  I do like the sales and the merchandise that is headed out and reduced a lot! When I do go to Kmart I always walk out with something, but I don't go there for the purpose of buying anything.  Today we went looking at Back Packs, found one and waited 15 minutes in line to check out. I stood there thinking is this really worth me saving $6.00? Since my daughter loved the back pack we stayed in line, but really? They had 2 registers open, the one I wasn't in had an individual on a shopping spree, so that lane was definitely out! My lane was just dog slow! I was the 3rd person in line, but each item seemed to take forever to go through. I stood there staring at the customer service area where a cashier stood just looking around bored to death!  I don't think they do a good job of customer service and getting you in and out effectively.   The store needs a complete over haul and clean up. The parking lot is easy to get in and out of though.
2 This place reminds me of a dollar store. The reason I had to stop in was because they carried a toy that my son wanted. Otherwise, I don't think I would have stopped in. Prices aren't all that great either.
3 It's K Mart, not bad just nothing special. Nothing really sets K Mart apart from any of the other conglomerates. Gotta shop here from time to time for MH exclusives so you'll see me busting out my Maverick patch & showing it off with pride
1 This place is beyond trash! only plus about the place is that it still has a little ceasers. but once in this dump, i can see why its a dump. there were a couple crack heads eating pizza and tweaking out about stuff, the dude couldn't sit still for longer then a nano second, his meth head looking lady friend with him look like she was shopping but i say more like shop lifting. the amount of kids running around and yelling and screaming was beyond stupid! the only reason i went to this place is because my mom kept wanting to go here to get towels. but this place is G-H-E-T-T-O. i totally didnt feel safe in this store with the druggies and crack heads around in there. i kept a tight hold on my kids because there were some shady ass people in there for sure.   check out was beyond slow like the lady scanned each item as slow as she could. only one check out was open and like a ton of people in line.   the only friendly person was the lady that helped my mom in layaway. she gets 4 stars.
2 I really wonder how Kmart is still in business. This store is such a dump. The sales people are unfriendly, the greeter was stiling on his but with his leg on a chair. Not sure if her was hurt or what, but it was still not appropriate. The store looked like it was going out of business, yet it's not. The company needs a drastic turnaround or they will be losing the company altogether. I will not be returning to this location. The customers are trash as well.
