4 I came here on Saturday becuase I had to get my Jeep serviced, and I wanted to check this dealership out.  I made an appointment, and dropped my Jeep off in the sevice bay.  I was greeted when I walked into the dealer, and I had a decent experience here.  I DO have to say, that I didnt like waiting 3 hours, but that seems to be at most any dealership you go to for warranty work, so I cannot blame them for that.  What I DON'T like is going for service and tying to be "sold" on a new vehicle. Im in for service, not to buy or trade in my car.  Why do the salesman do that?  I know its thier job to sell, but not every single time.  Geez.  Annoying.
1 Sometimes there really needs to be a "no star" option. Or maybe a "it was so bad they owe me some damn stars" choice. But there isn't so I'll go with a one-star review and I'll add a caveat of "how shitty do you want to be treated?"  It's time for Jim to get a new company car. We're excited about this because we tire of driving around in a gas-hog. And Jim is particularly optimistic about a new car because they put a jeep on the list. Now granted, it's not the rubicon of his dreams but it is a "better mileage" jeep and that's a start.  So we went over to Superstition Springs Jeep because they had a number of the specific model on the lot. He wanted to test drive all the choices and decide which car to order.  When we arrived we were greeted by four salesmen. Jim told them why we were there. As soon as they realized his was to be a fleet purchase they blew us off. They pointed at a group of cars and went under a tree to smoke. We did take a look, not really believing that they actually blew us off like that, but of course all but a couple base models were locked up tight.  We went inside, still hoping to pull this time-waster out of the craper, and Jim went over to the sales manager. He explained what we wanted and what we'd experienced so far. He made clear that being blown off was unacceptable. The manager mumbled something mildly apologetic and walked off. Jim went in search of a fleet person.   When the manager came back he asked me for the name of my husband's company. I told him and he responded that fleet orders go directly to the factory. The implication was that we couldn't expect anyone to help us because there was nothing in it for them.  I told the manager that I considered it a mistake because you never know who you're dealing with. I told him that I might be in the market for a new car in six or eight months (which is true if certain events come to pass) and that I certainly wouldn't buy it anyplace that I was treated so rudely.  The manager looked at me and told me that if that's the way I felt I should go find another dealership to test drive a jeep.  Let me repeat that, just in case you missed it. We were treated rudely and when we objected we were told to leave.   I think the manager was hoping to intimidate me. At least it seemed that way from the way he towered over me, hands on hips, scowling. But I looked at him, smiled and told him he was absolutely right. I called to Jim, told him what the manager said, and we left.  I have to say I am impressed by a company whose commission-only business philosophy involves alienating your customer. Especially since Jim's good sized fleet has to be serviced somewhere and the service department generates a huge amount of the dealership income.  Suffice it to say we were treated much better elsewhere. We won't be back.
4 Earlier this year, my Jeep's blower motor decided it would only run on high. This was not a good way to start the summer. And of course my nearest Jeep dealer closes at a ridiculously early time on Saturdays.  I was venting about it while out to lunch with my parents, and my mom offered "I think there's a Jeep dealership at Superstition Springs." I balked; Superstition Springs feels a lot farther away in 2009 than it did in 1990.   But I wanted my air conditioning, so I called anyway. They answered promptly, were extremely friendly on the phone, and had my glorious blower motor resistor in stock at the parts counter. Alright then--let's hit the 60. By the time I arrived, my extremities were numb (by virtue of running the A/C on high for 15 miles), but dammit, cheap resistor available today!  The front desk wonderfully pointed me to parts, parts welcomed me with open arms, and several dollars plus tax later I had my precious. I checked out some of the accessories they had on display, and they had good prices on those too.
1 No star would be better, horrible customer service in the "SERVICE" department, and walk-ins not accepted. Stopped there several times staff not helpful, in fact they seemed annoyed by my questions. Was prepared to wait for an oil change (realizing that it was a Saturday and the snowbirds are still here) but was told that was not an option.  No wonder Chrysler in financial hurt, next time I buy American I'm buying a Chevy or Ford!
1 This dealership does not honor Mopar warranties.  Wife took Jeep Commander in for warranty battery replacement. They charged $51.50 in labor and $49 pro-rate to replace a battery that was 12 months old with a 18 month free replacement warranty. This is my last Jeep!!
5 As far as car dealerships go, I think this has to be one of my favorites.  I trust the employees and have always gotten very good service there.  My advisor is Chris West and I like him.  I bought my Jeep here and always get great service.  Fast too (I always wait).
1 My comments have nothing to do with this dealership's new-car service; instead, I'm going to vent a little about what happened when I visited both the Parts and Service departments at Superstition Springs Chrysler Jeep this morning. I went to the parts counter first, looking for a simple plastic trim fastener used for reattaching the door panel on my Jeep. You can buy a 50-piece bag of these plastic fasteners on Amazon for $9.95, but I wanted to finish the job I'd started now and didn't want to wait on Amazon. The parts guy looks it up on his computer, and with a straight face tells me that just one of these fasteners is $7.50! No way, I thought, so on my way out I stopped by the service counter to ask for the cost of a coolant flush. The service guy looks it up and comes back with $149.00  -- $50 more than either of the other nearby Jeep dealerships. So here's my take on Superstition Springs Chrysler Jeep: if you need parts or non-warranty service, stay away from this place. Just my 2 cents, of course, but it looks to me like these guys will hose you big-time on parts and service.
5 If you need service, talk to Amber the Asst. Service Manager... stopped by in the am to see if I could get some remotes programmed. She had me come back in the late afternoon and got me in, even though they were busy. Got to love the quick attention, even when it's not required! I'll be back!!
5 Fast, Easy purchase of my 2014 Grand Cherokee.  I worked with Robbie Swanson.  Easy going, honest guy. He made my purchase easy and fast.  I also learned that they are now under new management so I deleted the previous bad review I had for this dealership.
1 Brought my vehicle in for service and a recall issue. The service person Raul had no idea what I was talking about and he seemed frustrated when he hung up on me. Went to pick my Jeep up and they had apparently left it out in this weekends rain storm and it was flooded inside. In my opinion, this dealership is the worst as they won't even return my calls to fix my problem. Looking at it further, it appears that they tried to hide the fact that they flooded my car by cleaning some of the upholstery. Very shady, I wish there was an option for zero stars.
3 A good friend of mine knows Big Al personally and recommended I come here to purchase a truck, so I did. I looked at the website and found exactly what I wanted and was happy to find it still available when I showed up.   We were helped by a salesman named Robbie and we were very pleased with everything he did for us, he was upfront and honest about everything (as far as I know), patient and fair. I would highly recommend working with him and I believe he will treat you as well as he did me. Robbie is a 5 star asset to this company and I couldn't recommend him highly enough, seriously find him specifically if you come here and tell him I sent you.   Here's where the 5 star rating turns into a 3 star rating (I would have made it 2.5 if I had that option). My advice, once you find the vehicle you like and have made a deal that is a win-win, I would highly recommend steering clear of JR in the finance department. I would go so far to say to wait for the next available finance person. We came in with Capital One financing already secured and gave them the opportunity to compete for the loan, knowing that the dealership would benefit and so would we if they could beat the deal we had.   He was able to find me 5.75% (we had 6.44%) but told me he "pulled a favor" and I had to buy an extended warranty to get that rate. I had explained to him multiple times that I was not interested in an extended warranty because the vehicle only has 1,900 miles and it has a factory warranty.   He threw a fit when I wasn't interested in his "add-on's". I explained to him thoroughly and repeatedly that I only drive 5-6,000 miles per year and buying an extended warranty didn't make any sense to us, nor did a maintenance package.    He was really irritated with my rejection of his products and proceeded to treat me poorly moving forward, he couldn't get me out of his office fast enough and even turned down the maintenance records I had on our trade in vehicle out of spite.   If he would have taken even a minute to understand my needs, he too would realize that each of his products would cost me twice as much in the long run. Does this guy think that I base financial decisions on what's best for him or what's best for my family?  If it wasn't for this small being this would have been a 5 star review and I would be currently stopping traffic to refer business to Big Al. Instead I give it a lowly 3 stars and might send business, might not.   JR, you are the last person a car buyer will speak to and will deal with and the final impression of the company you work for. When you behave with teenage angst, you are not an asset to your company, you are a liability. I am an enormous referral source, I send a lot of business (A LOT) to people who treat me well and you did not treat me or my wife respectfully. This is a service industry and your service was underwhelming and anyone who reads this post can do much better.
5 Fourth purchase with superstition jeep and obviously I'm impressed. Charlie and Miguel are quite the team. They cut the BS, got a deal done quick and fairly.
