5 I can't imagine that better care and service could be found anywhere than what I received in this office.  I was treated by Dr. Austin and not only was he fantastic, the entire staff was efficient, kind and knowledgeable.  I would refer anyone needing care by an oral surgeon to this office.  Their site has rave reviews about the other doctors in the office, so I would expect great care by whichever physician was seen.
5 I cannot write a review worthy enough of this place.   They saved my life, had a severe infection in my gums from wisdom teeth, was in severe pain and they were so friendly and caring, I ALMOST forgot I was in pain.  The whole procedure, from the moment I walked in to the moment I left pain free took 45 mins! After care instructions were clear, was prescribed meds for soreness after surgery, and they told me to come the next day for a follow up.  I had zero to no pain after and was able to walk in to my follow up appointment with a smile on my face!  Thank you to the staff and doctors!! Will definitely recommend this place to anyone who is having wisdom teeth pain or issues, GREAT PRACTICE!!!!
5 I was referred here by my dentist for an implant.  I went for my free consultation and x-rays and was very impressed by everyone at the office. The staff was very kind and helpful, and made me feel very comfortable. Dr. Boyse was very nice and had great "chairside" manner! He also ended up taking 3-D x-rays of my mouth, at no charge, because he saw something in my sinus cavity (it was on the opposite side from my tooth that needed the implant) Turned out to be nothing but I thought that showed that they really care about their patients, going above and beyond what I was there for. I also thought the estimate was very reasonable for what I needed done, less that I expected from a specialist.   I finally had my procedure done yesterday and everything went really smooth and painless. They called me later on that day to see how I was feeling, and let me know they could be reached 24 hours if I had any concerns. Then to my surprise, I received flowers today, signed from both them and Smilelines, my regular dentist. That last touch inspired me to get on here and post about my wonderful experiences there. Thank you Dr. Boyse and staff!!!
5 Even though I've worked in the dental field for over 13 years I still get nerve as a patient. I needed a tooth extracted along with bone grafting and an implant. Dr. Austin made me feel so comfortable and explained everything that would be done during my surgery. He did a 3D scan and found that I had severe bone loss and an infection so I would need to do my surgery in two phases. I'm very happy that he was able to see this issue with the advanced technology that was conveniently available right in the office. I already had my surgery for the first phase and everything went great. I'm scheduled to have the second phase done in a couple weeks and I'm actually looking forward to it! Thank Dr. Austin for your excellent work and being so thorough!!
