3 I love Cold Stone.  I think it's the fixins that make the ice cream.  I've found that their bland ice cream is to complement the fixings you put in there.  I love love love their chocolate ice cream with peanut butter and peanut butter cups.  I used to obssess over that.  Thank god I don't anymore.  I wish their ice cream would have a bit more flavor, though.  Sometimes I just want a scoop of chocolate ice cream and when I get it, I am reminded with every bite that I should have jazzed it up a bit with some pb cups and pb.  Don't get me wrong, though -- I'll still mess up a Like It size.  Anything bigger than that will make me feel a bit sick after a while.  I wish they would have a smaller size than Like It.
1 At this particular Cold Stone (which isn't my favorite place because I prefer frozen yogurt to ice cream), the staff is slow and unresponsive.  When we went into this shop, there was one person on duty and no one else in the store.  It took her a good 5 minutes to even greet us!  On top of that... I signed up to be in the eclub to get discounts because my husband loves Cold Stone.  Yes, I know I have a name that everyone thinks I misspell (honestly, what is so hard about Liza????  It's not like I misspell my own name when I have had it for 27 years.....), but it does not excuse poor data entry.  When I received my first eclub email, the email was addressed to "Liz."  I promptly replied to the management to advise them that they may want to invest in QA for their data entry with no response at all.  All in all, the experience I had with this store (unresponsive and poor staff) as well as the eclub... I have opted to not return to Cold Stone until they learn to spell and read.
4 Ok, so anyone who follows any of my reviews should know now, that I love deserts (chocolate especially), so of course I would end up reviewing here! I love the peanut butter cup perfection. But to make it that much better, add a brownie for like $.80. So worth it! Cold Stone has some great specialties, but come on people. Pay the extra for the extra fixin's and make it exactly the way you like it! Even try changing out the flavor of ice cream they use to make it taste different every time. I mean I'm totally a girl who fixates on one thing they love at a particular place, but even I, on occasion, change it up! Keeps my taste buds guessing (come on, you only live once)!! Just enjoy slowly the price and of course to curve brain freezes!!
5 I took my kids to Cold Stone Creamery on S. Power Rd. last Friday and thought it was wonderful!  My kids have never been and said that was the best ice cream they have every had.  I was very pleased with the cleanliness of the store and the servers were very nice and accommodating.  We look forward to our next visit back!!
1 I remove my review because I was compensated with a couple freebies.  I will return to ColdStone and give them another try.  How can anyone ruin ice cream?  Well they did it once, lets hope they don't do it again.
2 Central location, awful execution of ice cream creations. Ordered my brother and I some sweet treats to beat the heat recently. I normally don't complain about the prices, but for freezer burnt ice cream - $10 for two small ice creams is insane!  We could have settled for $1.00 McDonald's hot fudge sundaes and probably been more satisfied.
5 Love this place!! They let you bring your dog in and will even give your dog a free sample bowl! the ice cream is always so good and the staff is really nice.
4 I like coming here, only thing I would change, maybe get more employees. I have been in here maybe 5 times. Everytime I come in here, its got people waiting. It takes awhile to make one ice cream when they start mixing everything together. So it does take awhile. But I love the ice cream enough to wait. My Favorite is the Birthday cake Remix and the German Choklate cake. I come here mostly with my wife and kids so I feel bad for whoever is behind me,especially with how long it takes to make one. Poor people behind me is gonna wait like half an hour.
5 This by far is the best cold stone I have been to.  Great service, fun atmosphere, easy parking, and clean store!!
3 Nothing exceptional. I ordered the churro Carmel thing-looked awesome in their picture, of course.  What I got looked like someone drove to Costco-took that long to make-to buy a churro and put one scoop of vanilla ice cream with Carmel drizzled on top.  Not quite what I expected. I'd like to see them prepare it like every other order. Big pile, chop it up, put in bowl and serve.  You're welcome.
