4 Great place with amazing steak. Kids beg is to go here and service is always good. I hate the wait though. This is the main gripe I have with outback because they usually have more then enough tables to seat you in.
2 I had the pork tenderloin, it was kinda salty. The garlic mashed potatoes were pretty decent. The green beans were very rubbery!! The server was pretty cocky but my grandparents like it here so I go! My grandma raves the Wedge but blue cheese isn't really my thing.
3 I like Outback.  Generally speaking, it serves a decent filet for a chain restaurant.  The Aussie cheese fries and the wings are consistently good.  That said, this particular Outback was a disappointment when it came to the steaks.  The spice coating was overpowering plus the meat tended to be on the overcooked side and dried out.    Still, in all fairness, the service was friendly and attentive---no complaints there.
1 We have eaten here for the last 7 years, every 3-4 months or so. The restaurant must be under new ownership and we won't be back again. In all honesty, my dinner was great, but my partner ordered the 8 oz. prime rib (his usual). What was delivered looked kind of like the meat patties you get on McDonalds 99cent burgers, only thinner. Even the waitress said she'd never seen one that thin. The waitress offered to get him another one but he declined and just asked her to take it away after about 3 bites.  Here's where it gets bad. The 'owner' came by and said 'I'm the owner, I can do anything I want'. Unfortunately, any admission of error or apology doesn't seem like anything he wants to do. He could have at least 'passed the cardboard thin prime rib off on a new chef', said 'I'm sorry' or 'our mistake'.  Such a shame.  We left as soon as possible. I had to leave the rest of my dinner uneaten; a nice 12oz prime rib and 1/2 lb of crab legs because I couldn't enjoy my dinner while he was sitting there miserable.  We won't be back to this Outback any time soon, and will be eating at a different one.  A simple apology would have done wonders that comping his 'dinner' didn't. We prefer to pay for value received and don't really appreciate comps in lieu of quality and integrity.
4 I have not been to the Outback in years as past visits have, well, sucked. I am not one to complain, I just never go back if I have a bad experience or two. Seriously, there are too many good places to go out to eat to return to business who don't focus on their food.   So my boss loves this place and she wanted to go and of course as she is the boss I agreed to return to the Outback with her.   I have to admit this place has changed. Our server, Bree, was excellent! A server can make or break your meal and Bree was on her game.   The food was really good, OK, I am super picky and was ready to hate it as I have in the past but tonight was different. I ordered the teriaki marinated sirloin. It came perfectly cooked at medium with sweet potato, salad and bread all for $12.95.   Maybe I got lucky and came here on a good night but I am glad I did and will definitely return.
5 I must admit I have a thing for Outback.  But this Outback is something special...  Their interior has been remodeled within the last couple of years and it looks unlike any I've seen before.  It's absolutely delightful!  There are new designs and murals on the wall, and neat dividers between booths.  The bar looks wonderful and the table tops are shiny and new.  There are all new wooden floors too.  This place got an overhaul and looks great!  Our server was a new girl who had been there a few months, and she did a pretty good job.  I had the spinach artichoke chicken flatbread pizza as an "aussie-tizer" and it was AMAZING!  It's only available for a limited time and I highly recommend you get to try it while they have it!  There is an awesome happy hour that spans as long as their open, "billabong hours" they call it.  In Australia a billabong is a watering hole, and so at the Outback the bar is their billabong. Their  small draft domestic beers are only $1.95 and the house wine is only $2.50 a glass.  I know right?  Awesome!  The food was outstanding as ever, 10 oz Strips are delicious and the perfect size.  And to top it off with a chocolate thunder from down under was the icing on the cake!  This place is just legit from top to bottom.  On a side note, the manager there, Scott Hughes, is an amazing guy.  I've met him a few times and he's always so incredibly cordial.  He is the essence of hospitality and customer service.  He is always walking around talking with guests ensuring everyone is doing great in his establishment.  He really takes pride in his work, which is so rare to see nowadays in the restaurant industry.  This guy is great at what he does and I'm glad I know him.  If you're in the neighborhood by Superstition Mall I highly recommend going to this place.  It's got great food, great people working, and great management!  Woohoo!  This is as good as it gets!
4 I haven't been to an Outback steakhouse in probably about 4 or 5 years but I wanted something different so I decided to stop by.  Our waitress seemed a little busy so it took a bit of time in between her visits but she was so nice and friendly that it made up for it.  I ordered the 10 oz Ribeye and to my amazement it was actually cooked correctly!  It is one of my biggest pet peeves to go to a restaurant, order a steak medium rare and then get it medium well.  If you're not going to cook it right, don't ask!  Moving on though....the Aussie fries and clam chowder were both really good too surprisingly.  I don't usually expect to get good clam chowder at a steakhouse.  The bill was less than I was expecting too which is always a nice surprise.  I will definately be venturing back before another 5 years passes!
4 Was  disappointed. We did not get drinks until after we asked for them after our meal was served. My wifes steak was killed even after we got specific with them how we like it cooked ( Medium well). We asked for another as she was disappointed after the last time it was rare when we went out. this made us miss all our movie times except the last option.     The owner actually was there and came and appologized. He also took care of the whole bill. I asked him if we could pay for the other portion and refused as he wanted us to return. I Thanked him then, and as we say him as we left. They corrected the problem and even went thr extra mile. That is service from an owner. I definately recommend going again and supporting great business men like that!
2 We've been to other Outbacks in the past, but this was by far the worst.  Probably because all the rest were always delicious.  We found the food & service to be very disappointing for a night that was intended for celebrating.  We will never return to this location. ~Slow service while being nearly empty, bread was bad, salad was lacking & sirloin full of hefty chunks of fat.
3 Love the food here.  We went w/some of our friends who were regulars and sat at the bar. The service was so so.
4 I'm a new fan of the Outback Steakhouse. It probably had been ten years since I had last had it until a couple of months ago. Now I have been there a few times and I plan on going back. I love ordering the shrimp as an appetizer and I have found that the Filet Focaccia Sandwich is awesome! I am not a steak person, so this suites me fine. Eating here can be a little expensive, but I really like the food!
4 Staff was personable, nice and efficient.  Details were handled well by the waiter and the ribeye steak was Very, very good!  I will return.  I hope they can keep this momentum going as it was all very, very good!
3 Real good food, reasonable prices, service is hit or miss but usually pretty good.  Glad they finally saw the light and opened for lunch on weekends now.
4 We went to this location with my parents and were not disappointed. We recently had a not so awesome steak experience at Black Barts steakhouse in Flagstaff and this Outback steakhouse made me love steak again. Our server who happened to be the owners son was wonderful as well. Will def go back again!
4 Over all a great place to eat. there are color crayons and pics for the kids to stay entertained. the staff is great. our favorite is Nicole with the pretty black curly hair. ask for her!  the food is great and always fresh. for this price point, Outback goes out of their way.   obviously, if you come during peak hours of 6 or 7pm, be prepared to wait for seating, because its a poplar place. we like to go around 4:30 to beat the crowds.  I havent disliked anything on the menu yet, however, because they recently changed their pecan blue cheese salad recipe...so they get 4 stars...even the Manager said he was disappointed that Corp changed the salad recipe, it was my wifes favorite.
4 My son graduated from HS and i decided to take him somewhere special. When i brought up the name Outback Steakhouse he was all over it! the people here were friendly and the food was great. we were served quickly and we were out in time to catch the movie we were going to see
4 I typically tend to stay away from chain restaurants as often as possible.  I do have to say though, that I have been to several Outback restaurants thoughout the years and honestly I will say, I have never had a bad meal at any of them.  The quality of the steaks are pretty good, and it was cooked to a proper rare, so I can't complain about that.  It has a pretty extensive menu, if steak is not your thing, and I would have no problem going back to an Outback Steakhouse in the future.
3 I really like this location and would recommend it. Quality food at reasonable prices. Outback has excellent blue cheese dressing and tasty salads.  Only problem I experience repeatedly here is I'm part of the few that prefers my steaks WELL DONE 2 out of every 4 visits its pink or even red.... Hey if I'm paying for it cook it how I request. That's y I give it 3 stars instead 4 or 5.
2 Wow....what happened to outback?!?! Service is friendly, but slooowww. Bread was stale. Steak cooked to order but really fatty. Yuck! Won't be returning to this location.
2 I have no idea why one day I was craving the steak here.  I went to another branch once back when I lived in California.  It was packed for a Monday night.. mostly snow birds.  We got tilapia, sirlon steak special, and a rib eye steak. Took the waitress a wihle to take our order, she brought us over bread that was super fresh and hot, very yummy.  Tilapia was a lot better than I expected, seemed like it would be overwhelming if i ate the whole thing though.  My friend said the sirlon was good.  As for my rib eye steak I ordered medium rare but it was well done.  I felt bad to bother them at such a busy time but I couldnt eat the well done steak it was way too dry.  They were nice and made me a new steak but it took forever.. both my boyfriend and roommate were done with their food when my new steak came out. The new one was juicier but didnt have much flavor.  Not a big fan of chain resturants.. they always cook my steak too much, just my luck I guess.  Will not be returning.
1 Food was cold and undercooked and an employee used the restroom and didn't wash their hands.  First time having a bad experience at this establishment.  Wasn't servers fault the foo was cold it was the expeditors fault.
2 Very long wait (even though we arrived early and there were few waiting), extremely slow service, food was tasty though.
4 I ate at Outbacks around the US on my trip and this Outback because of the service was the #1 best. We ate in the bar and Melissa was our server. She was awesome  Food is always consistent ... I do wish Outback would put one decent  draft beer in as they use to instead of the second rate Blue Moons, Samuel Adams Dos Equis choices. Yuk  They use to have some type of Aussie Amber that was great. I hate the beer choices I love their food. Thank you for great attention to my last visit.
2 Steak was under cooked, staff was slow, and to top it off, we hear the manager arguing loudly with the elderly couple across from us about how they didn't know what medium was. So what you're telling me is we ordered two steaks cooked the same way and we're complaining about the wrong one? The one we think is good is actually over cooked?....
1 Ummm isn't this supposed to be a good steak place?  I order this steak that was apparently "premium" and I tried to cut into it with the streak knife provided, and even it couldn't cut into it, thats how tough it was.  My fiancé got pork and that was over cooked as well.  Luckily were have dogs that enjoyed it, but how disappointing and a waste of money.
3 Just as good / bad as all others depending on your experience.  Personally I think for the price this is a great deal.  This time I tried the Steak & Lobster, I had the lobster grill what a pleasant surprise. The bartender was very nice, and overall this is my second time hear and I think it is a good store overall.
1 I've only eaten Here once.  I love prime rib but this was the Worse prime rib ever.  Not just bloody but cold on the inside. Customer service bad,  although they, lack lu sterly, offered to take it back and cook it longer but I had lost my appetite, I did eat part of my husband's dinner which tasted okay,  we paid and left,  haven't been back since. ........ i guess could've been an isolated incident. ......Not impressed.  No complaints at the Flagstaff location however.
3 I had the six ounce steak and it was cooked correctly but was kind of stringy.  It came with some very good potato soup.  The bread was good.  I waited in the bar and had a beer.  It wasn't a very long wait.   I think Longhorn has better steaks.
4 Service was great as always.  My steak was a little overcooked but the Manager made it right by making me another.  Didn't care to wait a little longer while my husband ate his food but I'm just happy they made it right.  The food is always good.
4 I had a good experience overall. My meal was cooked well. My waitress was nice. Her name was Jodie.  I had sirloin, cooked medium, tasted fine. Also, shrimp with crab on top. I think I won't get that again. I like it better with just butter. I had a wallaby darned, always tasty! If you don't have patience, don't come. It is a little slow, but I'm in no hurry.
