1 When you walk into a place and hear what sounds like an explosion followed by what smells like an explosion, that should be clue number one.  But hey, they are cars, they have gas in them, right?  I took my truck in to get an oil change, a new battery and I explained that I probably needed a new battery cable, the negative one was severely corroded.  I picked my truck up, 2 days later, since I dropped it off on a Saturday and they told me that yes they replaced one of my battery cables.  Just to let you know my stress level at this time, I also go laid off the same day I picked up the vehicle.  A week or so later, I get in my truck and it won't start.  I just got it fixed and got laid off.  More repairs are not in my budget at this point.  It's also 2 months before Christmas.  Thank god for friends!  A friend came to check out the issues.  The cable they said they replaced, they did not.  In order to get the battery out they had to break the cable and still didn't replace it, just put it back on broken! The dipstick for the oil was hanging out and there were oily spots all over the side of the truck.  I went back, got my money refunded for the everything except the price of the battery.  My friend had already replaced both cables.  But I will never go back to this Fletcher's again.
5 The level of customer service offered at this Fletcher's exceeds that of the other 3 Fletcher's in the Mesa valley. After having called Friday and learned that Fletcher's only excepts walk in oil changes on Saturdays I showed up bright and early at 8AM at my nearest Fletcher's and was told they were already booked. Disappointed, I called the next nearest location...they mentioned they were short staffed and not taking any oil change appointments. At this point it was nearly becoming comical, I called another location in a neighboring city, rejected once again and it is not even 8:30AM yet, I was frustrated to say the least. I had pretty much given up on Fletchers and the possibility of getting an oil change and was about to head over to the nearest Jiffy Lube when a while later my husband mentioned he believed there was another location a little farther but still within the area. Deflated, dissolved and expecting another turn away I called. Nick picked up the phone, mentioned they were in fact booked up as well (which was actually believable at this point as it was late in the afternoon). However, when I mentioned that seemed to be the Fletcher's theme that day he became very concerned, asked me the circumstances and requested that If I was able to come down he would address my car immediately. Shocked and almost expecting that my leg was being pulled I decided to ride the stroke of luck out. It was totally legit, walked in, spoke with nick, handed him my keys and he kindly said "your car will be next." Wow, above and beyond customer service at its absolute finest. All I can say is thank you, this location successfully performed what every other Fletcher's in the valley had horrifically failed at ( no not just a simple oil change ) but the type of customer service that has become a thing of the past. Thank you!
1 Bought one of their oil change "packages." 2 hours for an oil change.(SEE PHOTO POSTED) What they don't tell you is they don't like their package customers and when they find out your using a discounted service, they put you at the end of the line and keep on bumping you as new "non-discount" customers come in. PATHETIC! I will NEVER spend $$$ at Fletcher's again. BEWARE!
1 Called to make an appt for an oil change. They ALWAYS say they are fully booked for the day you request, even when you call weeks in advance! Ridiculous! Apathetic and always try to work against you, BEWARE this location!
1 This location needs to send their mechanics back to school. I spent $500 getting the controller for my A/C fixed here and after that, the air output was terrible. They told me I wouldn't be happy with it and tried to sell me a new fan. I declined. I took it to completely different repair shop and was told that Fletcher's wired the controller in backwards! I bought the family oil change pack but I'm just going to eat the money and move on. I will not let these guys touch another one of my vehicles.
2 I've had good experiences at this Fletchers in the past, but the last few times I've been there have been frustrating.    They do not have a good system for oil changes - I have waited all day for an oil change more than once.  I have had conflicting information from different employees on scheduling appointments, and when I politely informed one of them, they acted like I was lying.  I agree with another post that sometimes it feels like they are working against you.  As a person myself employed in customer service I have to wonder how being against your customer can ever work for you.  On a positive note, they had the cheapest battery in the area (after checking several other stores, we ended up coming back there).  But my past few negative experiences there have overshadowed the positive ones.  All in all, after they were frustrating on the phone this morning (the oil change run around), I decided to pay a little extra and try Big O' Tires on Crimson.  Customer service was great and it was done over lunch.  I even used a coupon from their website.
2 Not getting into all the details BUT I would stay away from this Fletcher's.  They have had the car more over the last 2 weeks than we have. We were there when they opened at 8:00 AM.  Were told it would be 3-4 hours for the repair.  The car was finished Saturday at 4:30.  We had to contact them for updates. Not worth the frustrations.
5 We had an excellent experience at this location. Manager was friendly and stood behind the quote we received over the phone. Didn't try to up sale us on tires just did the work we asked for. Would definitely recommend this location for new tires and service.
5 We called this location at 445pm to see if they could check over a truck I was thinking of purchasing.  Even though it was late (and I typically have problems getting into any Fletchers without hours notice), they stated that I could come in and they would look at it immediately.  The mechanic saved me from purchasing a vehicle that would have about 2000 dollars in repairs within a couple of months.  I asked how much the charge was and they said don't worry about it since they didn't actually do anything to the vehicle.  I've been taking my vehicle to Fletchers for a little more than a year and will continue to do so.  You just can't beat them on price.
1 We set an appointment a week in advance with Joe or Joey the manager. He was very aggravated we arrived 1/2 hour early even though there was only one car in the bay. He was rude and combative. I asked him for prices for other services to my truck and he quoted me twice what other companies charge. I never did have him provide any services, just asked to get the truck out of the bay and will patronize another tire store. Take your chances with Joe if you want, maybe he will be in a good mood when you arrive. We had a Friday afternoon appt., perhaps he just wanted to shoo us away and hit the beers early.
5 Our experience at Fletcher's was great! The manager, Eric, was so friendly & patient. Also, Stan, the tire expert we were transferred to, really took his time in making sure me & my husband found the best tires for his car. Everyone was so friendly and helpful. We will DEFINITELY be back!
