5 Our dog Gidget was crying in the middle of the night and didn't know what was wrong so we looked up this place cause it was right across the street from us and went. No one was there so we got right in and the staff was very nice and professional. We were in and out in an hour and Gidget was feeling doing fine. This place is open 24/7 and is for sure where we will always go for our emergency vet needs.
5 We found an injured stray cat. Since we already have seven, keeping it wasn't an option. I called the Humane Society and, since it was late afternoon, they recommended I take it to 1st Emergency so it could begin receiving care, and they would pick it up the next day. The staff at 1st Emergency was great, both in person and on the phone, and I was comfortable that I had left it in good hands.
1 This is the worst place to take your animal.  They had us wait for 3 hours and never did any thing for my dog.  They said they were busy with a dieing cat.  After 3 hours all they did was come in and ask if we wanted blood work and tests for $786.00.  My dog was having seizures, and the seizures had stopped, so we left and took him to my regular vet the next day.  They charged us $75.00 for doing nothing but let us sitting for 3 hours waiting for them to serve us.  I do not think we should have had to pay because they did nothing....be careful they are very unprofesssional.....
5 I've had to bring two of my dogs to 1st Emergency Pet Care hospital several times and cannot recommend it highly enough.  Two of the times the dogs each had to stay for a few days.  I received regular calls from the vets to let me know how they were doing and was encouraged to call and drop by anytime to visit my dogs without needing an appointment.  One of my dogs had to go there for a severe ear infection when my regular vet was closed and another time for acute pancreatitis (which was life-threatening) after eating some tainted Chinese dog jerky.  My other dog was bleeding to death after routine neutering and it was discovered he has hemophilia, necessitating blood transfusions.  I believe both of my sweet dogs are alive today because of this facility.  Compassion and excellent follow up is the norm here.  The nighttime receptionist is especially nice and very concerned.  Highly recommend.
4 Had to take Buster to get seen for a small abscess rupture. Service was good but expensive. Just over 2 hrs start to finish.
5 The best emergency animal clinic we've ever used! The kindest staff ever. Care and compassion plus!
5 Years ago I looked up the closest 24 hour ER vet to where I live. I didn't ever want to be in an emergency situation and have to take time to look up where one was located. Unfortunately, for the first time I had to take one of my cats there. This place is fabulous! The staff is so caring and courteous, I just can't say enough about them. I thought the price was extremely reasonable for a 24 hour location. I saw them triage and do vitals on each animal that was brought in. All of the staff were just awesome, they made sure all of their patients and their "parents" were comfortable the entire time. I highly recommend them for emergency pet care! My kitty is already feeling better!
5 I had to take both my dogs in on Christmas morning after a fight the night before. Once we woke up, things looked worse than we originally thought. They gave us a couple quotes (high & low) so we didn't need to spend extra on needless x-rays. Cleaned the boys up and explained why they didn't want to surgically close a couple of the superficial wounds. They treated my wife and I with respect and understanding, no ill judgement. We did have to wait awhile before they provided us the meds/scripts. Thank you for being open on the holiday and helping us take care of our four-legged family members.
