5 Love this place! I came one time after work my debit card was stolen the night before, they don't accept checks and I couldn't get cash before they closed. The man gave me my slip detailed my car and let me come back the next day. Mortifying but so nice and trusting! Aside from that they always do a great job for an awesome price (: happy customer!!
2 Came here with a groupon. Got my groupon's value, but not the 200 dollar service that I paid. Windows were still foggy and the plastic "conditioner" was pretty much oil on everything. Carpets were shampoo'ed great. Seats were shampoo'ed great. And it was very clean. But it took 3 hours and most of the time it was sitting. I expect more from something they told me I had to make a reservation for the time for. As a bonus I got some one else's car mats! Have to still call them back and figure out how to give them back. Not impressed, but they did not do damage and they did not try to sell me a windshield, so they did not get one star.
4 Okay, so I think I found a place that I like to get my car cleaned now. Instead of taking my car to a basic $5-$10 wash, I decided I'd pay someone a little more just to get my car de-crustified. And I mean, it was BAD.  I got the Silver package that included wash outside, interior vacuumed and wiped down, with dressing on tires for $17.99. They tried selling me on shampooing the carpet for an additional $65, but I said no since I wasn't ready to drop bigger bucks since this was my first visit. "My second visit, I'll do that" I promised.. if the quality of this visit is worth it!  My car came out pretty clean.. but it seems like the workers didn't know how to speak english, so they never told me when my car was actually done. There was a sign out there that said to not cross until they were down, so I wasn't sure if I should go out and talk to them(?) Anyways, the cashier went to go check and it was finished. 4/5.
5 After a Couple of really good Car Washes I trusted these Guys with my classic I have a 1965 GTO convertable and they hand washed and detailed it for me.  I will not take it anywhere else.
1 I went into Stinkey's to get my oil changed.  I'll give Stinkey's a 5 star grade, btw, but this AZ carwash company can go to the pit of an oil barrel and languish in there. Stinkey's is also at that same address, but they are a completely separate company doing oil change service.  Well, they give out a free car wash with the oil change. This was my first time to Stinkey's, btw.  So I said great.  They took the car over there after the oil change and they began cleaning it out.  What I didn't know was that they were literally cleaning it out: ie: throwing away a New King James version of the Bible; throwing out a dog leash, ceramic coffee cups, a phone charger, important papers that I had in there and numerous other items.    I had not used this company for car washes before, I did not expect them to simply throw things in the trash that any normal person would look at and say, gee, that probably isn't trash.  I was still at Stinky's so I wasn't paying attention to what they were doing.  Anyway, I also paid them to clean the carpets. They gave me a discounted deal at $29.99.   I left there and left town shortly after that to go up to our property up North.  Only after I started looking for a dog leash did I realize that none of my belongings were anywhere in the car, including the trunk. My bad? Yeah, I don't think so.  I probably should have looked for the stuff, I guess, but I have never had that experience at other car washes.   I went back there the following Monday and was prepared to go through their dumpster to find my stuff.  Oh yes, I was, especially to try and find the Bible which my dad had given me. The manager took me to the dumpsters which had, of course, already been emptied.  I demanded compensation.  After taking my phone number, he said he would call me back, which he did NOT.  I had to repeatedly call them back to eventually get a phone number for their  "corporate headquarters". Joke. I left a message.  I got a call back half an hour later from the "Vice President" who "informed" me that it never happened.  What never happened?!! He replies that your Bible was thrown into the garbage.  So you are calling me a liar, that I never had all the things I said I had in my car that your personnel either threw out or took home?    This story goes on too long.  I am just going to end it by saying this place totally sucks.  What kind of people throw Bibles into trash cans? Or STEAL them?  UNBELIEVABLE.  I will go back to Stinky's, but those people at that carwash will NOT be touching my car again.
4 Nice, clean and professional
4 They do a great job and if you can get any kind of a break on the price or any extras thrown in, you'll walk away pleased.
2 I went here for a groupon and got suckered into upgrading services. I was not impressed with the services and should have just stuck with the regular car wash.
5 Been coming here for 3 years and they've only gotten better. Whenever we are not satisfied they go the extra mile.
2 I would have given one star, but the exterior did look good.  I wouldn't recommend the "upgrades" that they offer. Long story short, I was offered a wax and declined. Next he commented on dirt marks on the interior door, and the leather seats. He said as he was tapping my drivers seat "we can make these look like new" he also said that they were going to "clean everything". It also sounded like he said something about leather conditioner for the seats, but I'm not sure because his accent was very thick. I figured I could use those services because the car is two years old, and the leather could use a cleaning. I agreed to that, and went inside to pay. The cost of the interior clean upgrade was significant, and I was expecting the job would reflect the cost of the service. The inside is nice. There are comfortable couches inside and TV. About 20 to 30 minutes pass, and my car was ready. I go out to look at the job they did, and it was very obvious that they did absolutely nothing to the seats. The rest of the interior was pretty clean but it wasn't an amazing job either. I commented on how the seats weren't cleaned to the guy who takes the ticket. His response was "no, that is something different." I told him that the guy at the entrance said that the seats would be cleaned as well. The only cleaning they did on the interior was: the windows, vacuum and Armor All on the inside. I would have liked to talk with the manager about the issue, but did not have the time. Instead I just won't go back.
1 This place is a joke now.  I went here religiously every two weeks for the last two years.  I have a F-250 Super duty.  Most times I pay for the platinum but sometimes I would use the automated wash since they put it in about 4 months ago.  Never had an issue until today.  I got out of my truck as usual.  I selected my wash and went inside and paid the cashier.  10 minutes later an employee came in and told me that my truck would not fit in their tunnel.  I then told him that my truck had been in that tunnel every two weeks for the last two years and that there was no issues with it before.  He then agreed and acknowledged seeing me there several times before without issue.  He left and 10 minutes later another employee, this one claiming to be a manager then stated the same thing that my truck would not fit in their tunnel but that they would hand wash my truck for an additional $15.  When I protested and argued they were wrong I was asked to leave.  These guys were trying to ripe off because business was slow and now they'll never have my business again.  I went to Francis and Sons carwash and got a BETTER wash for $2 less!! http://www.francisandsons.com/ Those guys rocked and did an amazing job with no BS or up sale ripoff crap.  F U Arizona Car wash company.. Francis and sons has my business going forward.  Do yourself a favor and do the same.
5 I'm giving this place 5 stars just based on the service that Stinky gives me on oil changes.   I've been coming here for about 2 years and he's always taken care of everything without recommending unnecessary service.   This time,  my serpentine belt tensioner was bad and the belt was about to break.  Had Stinky not noticed,  I'd have been stuck on  the side of the road somewhere for sure.   The work was  just as good or better than the dealership, and for a very fair price.   The car wash here is fine,  I've never had any issues.   Car is always nice and shiny and the people are nice.   I will be back as long as Stinky its doing the oil change!
1 I have been coming to this car wash for 12 years.  NEVER AGAIN with these new owners!  Asked the manager Mike to explain to me why they charged $200 for one vehicle and $120 for the other. (employees work on commission)  I asked him to look at my vehicles and he told me to "Calm Down".   WOW.....really, that is how you respond to a customer that ask you to explain the fees you charge.   I was told that the price difference was because of the color of the interior.   I explained that I had been coming to this place of business for 12 years and as a long time customer is this how he really wanted to resolve this issue?  He had no interest in making me happy and his explaination of charging $80 more for black interior verse tan was weak.  Don't you charge more for tan interior than black because tan shows more dirt than black.
4 They do a good job at a good deal but negotiate and get yourself a great deal! Make the sales man work for his sale.
5 I came to this place for the first time and just came in for a regular car wash. The gentleman came up to my car and asked if I wanted tint, we went over the brochure and to make a long story short, he gave me tint for a reasonable price. I was very satisfied with the work and how polite the workers were. I would recommend this place to my family and friends.
