5 We've used Mason Mechanical for our rental property.  We were having some A/C issues & I highly recommend giving them a call.  They were able to get someone right away to have a look at our unit & were able to troubleshoot & fix the issue efficiently & affordably.  We'd without a doubt use them again - they are trustworthy & reliable.
5 A few weeks ago, I was receiving quotes to have my AC unit replaced due to the hail storm we had back in October. I had few companies come out but no one and I mean no one was as thorough as Dale with Mason Mechanical was. He spent 90 mins going over everything including climbing in the attic to check things out. He explained the differences between different units as well as what he and his team could do, which included taking out my furnace and installing a new ac/heat unit, pricing. etc.  Fast forward 3 weeks later and I was able to get the appt set up to have my unit installed. Crystal set up everything for me  and she was fabulous, especially since I had to cancel the first time around due to my work schedule. (Thank you for your patience Crystal!!) Mike, the tech who was in charge of installing the new system called me promptly at 7am to let me know he was on his way and would be at my house within 30 mins. Fast forward 10 hours later and my new unit is installed. He explained everything to me including how to work my new programmable thermostat, made sure everything was in working order, sealed off the area in my now new closet (where the furnace was), made sure everything was cleaned up, and was just all around great. I am very happy that it was nice mild day here today because I don't know how they can do this in the summer.  Thank you to the entire team at Mason Mechanical!
5 We shopped with 3 different companies that all had great marks w/ the BBB.  Mason stood out as the best choice for a few reasons.  First, their "comfort consultant" Dale was the most thorough & genuine salesperson we had over. He took our square footage, inspected the attic & asked us what was important to us, then offered a variety of options for our AC needs & budget. He was the most expedient in sending us a written proposal.  He was the only one who offered us the free use of a portable AC unit until they could get the job done (which was only a couple days vs the "next week sometime" that the other companies were telling us) They also included a yrs worth of filters w/ the job and 2 follow up inspections of the new unit (one within a week of installation where Dale brought a different tech  w/ him to double check the insallers work & a second one will happen in 6 months to make sure everything is still running fine) Not to mention they were very reasonabley priced compared to the other companies.  Oh, and I certainly can't forget to mention that each of the service men who came to our house were exceptionally friendly, polite, & cleaned up afterwards as if they had never been here. Our attic access is in my daughters closet, and Troy was careful to cover all her dresses so they wouldn't get dirty.  I found them on the BBB website and noted they had 0 complaints in the last 3 yrs. (which is as far back as you can see on the website bbb.org )  Several of the bigger name companies that boast "A+" ratings w/ the BBB still had upwards of 40 complaints--they just resolved them to the BBB satisfaction after the fact. But think about how ticked a person has to be in the first place to go to the BBB.    We were nervous about the large expense at first, but by the time we shopped around we were confident that we were making the right choice with Mason Mechanical.  Thanks Guys!
5 It doesn't get any better than Mason Mechanical. They are so wonderful in all aspects of sales, install and service. They did my rebate paperwork with me/for me as well. I had a problem with my new unit's electrical and they added a booster module of some sort at no extra charge, works like a champ. I love my Trane.
2 We recently called Mason Mechanical concerning Heating Issues in a Rental House. We were offered a Quote for Furnace Replacement BUT it was never mentioned that we could have Switched our Roof Top A/C Unit WITH a Built-in Heater. The Heater (Furnace) is now Inside the House Closet. If we had been made aware that we could have had the Heater Inside the /C Unit on the Roof, we probably would have gone that Route. Now we will need to Replace the A/C Separately. I have not had a chance to follow-up with the Tenant to see if the Heater/Furnace is working Satisfactorily. Mason Mechanical called me to say they was going to Check to make a follow up Inspection to insure it was Functioning  properly but I have NOT heard from them. The Quote was over the phone and they DID NOT mention what size Furnace would be Installed OR even if it would be Sufficient for the House Size. I later found out that they  Installed a 60,000 BTU Furnace. I went to the House during the Installation and was told that this Unit SHOULD Heat the House. I don't live at the House BUT I am the Owner and since I am the Purse Strings, I would like to know what my Money is being Spent for. I will be needing a New A/C Unit at this House and maybe a couple of others BUT you can bet that I WILL closely Scrutinize the next Quote more Closely. I have a Check in the Mail for the Total Amount of Installation. Just called the Tenant and as of Today, there has not been a Follow-up Inspection. If I ran a Business like that and had the same Complacency practices, I would probably NOT be in Business for very long. Selling and Installing and getting Paid and not worry about if the Installation was good or bad, is no way to Run a Rail Road, in my Estimation.. Mason Mechanical WILL get Paid for THIS INSTALLATION, but any Future Installations??? I read Comments about Mason doing Rebate Paperwork?? I am NOT aware of any Rebate. Mason failed to mention it. I am NOT real Happy with Mason Mechanical. I really can't say that I would Recommend them or even want to use them again. Fortunately they are NOT the only people that Instal,l A/C or Heating Units.
5 These guys are the best.  If you are looking for advice or a problem solved, have them come out and tell you all about the problems and solutions for your a/c or heater.  Ask for Brett.  We really enjoyed working with him.  He is very knowledgeable and down to earth.  He sealed our ducts with Aeroseal.  Awesome job!  Get your ducts sealed and you won't have to keep cleaning them.  They are bringing in dust and insulation from your attic.  They can solve that problem, especially if you have asthma or allergies.  You won't be disappointed with this business.  http://masonmechanical.com/  (the best)  -Jason Manning
