5 I really like the service of Paws. It's small and has a nice independent feel to it.  I've taken my cat in twice.  Once for a check up and another so he could get neutered.  They answered all my questions and even gave me some help with his post-surgery behavior.  Everyone there is friendly and helpful.  If I wasn't moving I would definitely take my cat back there for his annual again.
3 I took my miniature Dachshund, Spottie, who is ten years old, for a check-up. I had the United Pet Care policy for him and as a result it was not as expensive. He got his distemper vaccine, and a overall check-up. I love the diagnostics this clinic gives. They give you a printout and very detailed explanation of each "issue" your little critter has. They give you options and are less expensive than other veterinarians in the Mesa area. I found it funny that my little dog is somewhat snappy and he hated the doctor but loved the vet techs.
5 Paws is great! We've been going to them ever since they had their office on Mesa Dr. We have two small dogs and one has been there for surgery, and the other for treatment for valley fever. They both have had their teeth cleaned at Paws. Dr. Wendy is amazing and very friendly.
5 I've been going to Paws for over 10 years. Everyone is wonderful! Dr. Wendy Holst is amazing. I'm the type to be skeptical of if I really need all the tests etc but I trust them 100% which really says a lot. They are very reasonable on their fees which is a major plus! I have never found a better vet. Great care, prices and very trustworthy makes this place the very best in my book. It is also very clean.
5 Ive been coming to this place for years. They have taken care if all my rescued pups.  DR. Wendy Holst and staff are super friendly. Out of the many visits, there was only one time that I felt I had to wait. Overall never had a bad experience. My rotties have always loved this place, pitties not so much. I love this place. And will keep on returning when my pups need too.
