1 THIS PLACE NEEDS A MINUS 1 because I so have a beef with this restaurant. My husband loves steak. usually I am not a huge fan of going to a steakhouse but it was my husbands turn to choose so I insisted we go. It is not that I do not like steak only that I often find I prefer the steaks I grill at home to the ones served  out. I do however lloooove the fried onions alot of the steak places have but this one did not have one. BOO! Anyhoo......we decided to order what was supposed to be garlic-peppered fried zucchinn. It was fried nicely and not too oily, but I did not taste garlic or any pepper in the seasoning. It came oddly with a cucumber dip (I think it was creamy cucumber dressing) we asked for ranch instead. It just tasted off. I ordered  a grilled chicken breast that was supposed to be seasoned with rosemary and spices well again, no rosemary. My chicken was dry and boring. I ate maybe half of it.It came with a side of broccoli and what was supposed to be GARLIC MASHED POTATOES also another popular side item at most steakhouses. AGAIN, nothing but bad to say about both these items. FIRST. Frozen cut broccoli should never be served  at any restaurant. I only eat fresh steamed broccoli.When you list on the menu fresh seasoned veg of the day I think it will be just that fresh. Next, garlic mashed potatoes. Anyone that loves these knows they are made with cream and garlic and should be creamy comforting goodness. These potatoes were like I nuked a potato dumped the  insides on my plate and smashed it with some butter and garlic salt. When I  asksed the server about them because I refused to eat them , she said "oh yes no we don't make them that way here we leave out cream because people have allergies" OMG! What a joke! CREAM is the best thing about em! what would be the point otherwise?I told them they should tell people this before they order. She asked me if I wanted a baked potato instead. I looked at her and said" that is what I have all I need is to add sourcream".(I don't think she liked me)  Oh but wait my husbands was no better. He ordered prime rib. They brought it out fully cooked! The server acted annoyed we complained about it.They brought out another piece- we waited another 20 for that and then they did not even offer to dicount our meal. In fact a manager never even came to talk to us even though I know the server did talk to him about our meal. Good service to me is even more important than food at times.I would NEVER GO BACK HERE. Mcdonalds would have tasted better. So I will be sticking with OUTBACK. At least they got the onion!
1 Agree wit previous review. This place needs a minus star. We went in and waited about an hour before we got our food. By the the kids were done so we asked them to box it instead which took another 1/2 hour. This place is worthless. I can't even remember if the food was good because I was so angry at the service!!
1 Service wasn't that great. The prime rib has no flavor. The portions were smaller than you would get at a French restaurant. Dessert looked decent but it looked better than it tastes.
3 We went for Thanksgiving since no one wanted to cook. All the food was good, service was extremely slow and they weren't busy enough for it to be as slow as it was. Service was good, kept our drinks full. I had prime rib, cooked great, but no any kind of seasoning or spices. The french fries were not good at all, tasted old. The soup was amazing, best part of the meal! Everyone else in our party said same thing, it was ok.
2 OK! I find it expensive for a steak house. We had a gift card and hope to not have another. They overcooked my wife's steak. I had too much fat on the prime rib. Franchise is slipping. Closed 4 places in Northern CA where my $10 extra gift card expired before i could find another place to use.
5 This place has the most amazing Artichoke Appetizer.  My kids LOVE it.  I will always come back for that artichoke.
2 Great bread and service. Nothing exceptional about the steak except for the price. For a supper club you would expect a really great steak!  although we had a coupon it still comes to over $50 bucks for two.This place missed the mark for a return visit.
4 One of our go to spots for a nice dinner.  Love the shrimp!
3 This place is OK.  The food is edible, but nothing is over the top good, and nothing memorable about this place.
3 A party of 4.  3 had great meals, 1 was cold food, manager replaced it.I think their coupon program is krap. They way they charge you on the check you can't tell if it all adds up without a calculator.   Figured it out later & it didn't. Not worth going back for.
4 This place is always a good time! Pretty pricey but my belly is full and I am always happy when I leave. They have a great baked potato soup, that I have to get every time I come here. It warms my soul! LOVE IT! After a bowl of soup for my appetizer I usually order a steak, loaded potatoes, chicken........ seafood... you name it they have it. The service is a little slow at times, but I have never been unhappy with my food. The steak is nice and tender, the chicken is nice and moist and their chocolate chip cookie with ice cream....... mmmmmmmm! I really never have room for it, but I cant say no, so I make room! HAHA! Keep it up Black Angus! Mmmm Mmmmm good!
3 This is Black Angus.  You know what to expect here.  It's not elegant dining, but neither is it fast food.  It's generally simple fare done very well.  We each had steaks today.  They were good.  Black Angus usually gets the doneness correct (i.e. if you order 'medium', you actually get 'medium').  The steak soup is really a beef barley, and it's good.  The onion rings were good.  The au gratin potatoes were very good.  The wild rice was very good.  And the service was excellent (Brittany really paid attention...expect to leave a good tip if she's your server).  I've always like their booths, too.  Very high and well-padded, making them comfortable and relatively private.  You don't have to listen to conversations at the next table, nor can they really hear yours.  All in all a good place to come if you want "meat and potatoes" done very well.
3 Took my son and husband here on New Year's Eve for dinner. We had reservation, thankfully because they were overbooked with walk ins as well as reservations. We were seated within a few minutes of our reservation time. Our waiter was good, but could have paid alittle more attention to refills. The food was good, with the exception of the garlic mashed potatoes, which we found to be very bland. My filet was perfectly cooked, melted like butter in my mouth. Best part of the meal was thw white chocolate raspberry cheesecake. We will definetly come back soon.
3 Food was better than Outback Steakhouse but also double the price.   Black angus like any chain you know what to expect but with how dead it was in here they better think about reverse happy hour or better pricing. They also wouldn't let me switch mashed potatoes out on the kids meal where they offer rice, broccoli and French fries...however they're equal sides on the main menu. An extra $2.50 for mashed potatoes with Kraft Mac and cheese makes the kid's meal $8.50! They also forgot our daughters included sundae....oh I forgot the $1.25 for kids drink (we're now at $9.75) might as well got my five year old an adult dinner.   Anyways, food was prepared accurately hence the 3 stars. Overall general impression...ehhhhhhhhh, we won't be back any time soon.
1 We came here for my mothers 55th birthday. We called a week ahead of time to make the reservation to be sure we would be seated appropriately. When arrived a bit early before our reservation time, which was 5pm. They refused to seat us until we were all present. After everyone arrive at 5:10, they took another ten minutes to seat us. They seated us in the middle of restaurant at a makeshift table. After we asked if they had anything other than two four-people tables for our party of 9, they explained that someone had seated a party of two people, who had NOT had a reservation, at the table they had reserved for us. When the table was available again, they seated another two person party at this table and kept is into the center if the restaurant. They gave us a couple free appetizers and kissed our butts for the rest of the night, probably hoping for a decent tip. The food was okay, but the appetizers where the best part, which is sad for a "nice" restaurant. The steaks were tough and bland and the mashed potatoes, which were supposed to taste garlicky, tasted like the boxed potatoes you buy for a buck at Walmart. Overall, I was unimpressed. Next birthday, we'll head over to Longhorn Steakhouse.
1 The worst steak I have ever eaten. Applebees has better steak. This place was absolutely terrible. The prices are extremely ridiculous for what you get. Go out of business already.
1 What a joke. First we had a reservartion for 5 but they all but insisted we sit at 2 different tables. The service was horrible. My fiancée had a coupon for a free birthday steak. It was so thin you could see through it. For the first time in 48 years I had to salt my $31 lobster tail. Seriously I had to season a $31 meal?.  My future in law ordered hers medium well and it was all but rare. Texas Roadhouse here we come cuz we have no reason to ever go back.
4 Hubby and I met here with a friend that lives in this area. The hostess was very nice and friendly and our server took great care of us. We had the campfire which is a great deal (specially with a coupon) an it is plenty of food for 3, even enough for leftovers.  Hubby and I shared a ribeye and our steaks were cooked exactly as ordered. The wedge salad was good, and the desserts were awesome. We had the big chocolate cake with ice cream... (molten chocolate cake?) and the seasonal white chocolate bread pudding, which is excellent.  We always get the sampler appetizer and I like the fried zucchini and the buffalo chicken strips. Their ranch is really light and very tasty. The molasses bread is delicious too.
1 Not impressed.... food OK. Prices were extremely high, could have looked past but service was horrible.
2 I'm not a black angus fan but my girlfriend is so i tag along, Here are a few of my observations: Pro's Girls at the front desk were great and efficient The waiter was helpful and courteous Good ceasar salad  Cons Price...  7.25 for a margarita and 11.00 for a 6 shrimp cocktail ?? Burger and fries 13.00? My girlfriends filet was small  In the end...there are better values out there for sure. I dropped 60.00 on dinner and had a burger , fries and water. 13.00 My girls dinner was 47.00 ! Just imagine if i ordered an appetizer and had a drink as well !  80.00 + No thanks!
2 Decided to have lunch at Black Angus Steakhouse so around 12:20p.m. on a Saturday I popped in.  Waited about 5 minutes for a host to come an greet me.  No one ever came.  I looked down the isle and noticed a server leaning on against a table, opposite from dining guests,  having a conversation.  I could see no one at the bar or anywhere else so I just proceeded toward the restrooms to take a break and wait for the host to return.  I came back to the front and STILL NO HOST.  So, I figured I'd possibly get service if I went to the bar.    The bar was empty, no patrons, no bartender.  (After my experience I can understand why!)  I sat down and a few minutes later the bar tender returned and greeted me with the usual, "Want a beer or Margarita?"  I told him I preferred the wine list and wanted to take my time looking at the menu for something to pair with the wine.  He understood, provided the menus and I made a decision.  When he returned, I ordered a glass of Ecco Domani - Pinot Grigio 2011 Pinot Grigio Veneto 2011 and a WEDGE SALAD!  I just asked the bar tender to add chicken.  The Wedge salad was priced at $4.99 and I figured they would up charge a couple of bucks for the additional chicken.  Now the fun part is another person came in ordered their drink and meal, it all arrived very quickly, and they began their meal and the bartender hung out visiting with them.  I wait, wait, and wait.  Finally an entree arrives and as they bring it to me I realize....It's not a wedge salad!  They excuse themselves and take the entree to the other person at the bar.  Now, I've waited and waited, from the beginning, to find an employee to provide me a table, take my order, and now they STILL haven't brought me a SIMPLE Wedge salad!!  The bartender mumbles that my order will be right out and I complain, " Wow, they must have gone to Safeway to buy the lettuce just make a simple salad!"  He responds, "Yeah, they also had to chase down the chicken, kill it, gut it, clean it, and cook it too!"  (This is supposed to be funny but guess what?  I'm not laughing!!)  Finally the salad arrives and it's HUGE!  Much bigger than a lunch size WEDGE Salad but I'm tired of waiting and decide to dig in.  After a few moments a man comes over to me and asks how everything is?  I tell him I don't understand how my Wedge Salad turned into a COBB SALAD when I plainly told the server I wanted the Wedge Salad but just add chicken.  I also mentioned that the price was now more than double!  He made excuses about the pricing but for the most part really didn't care that I had been over charged.   I finished my COBB Salad, glass of wine and decided I would probably not go back or take friends and family to this Black Angus restaurant!!  In my opinion all you will get is lousy service, overpricing and an unhappy experience!!
4 The family decided to bring me here for my Father's Day dinner.  We had reservations and were seated immediately upon arrival . . . the waitress took our drink orders and returned with the drinks and took our order.  The Montana Mule was good . . . but could have used a little less ginger beer and a little more bourbon.  The filet was cook perfectly . . . the rice and potatoes were hot and tasty . . . the onion strings were hot and crispy . . . and the mud pie was just the perfect finish.   The reason for only four stars . . . two of the five steaks were not cook right . . . but were still good.  Definitely a return trip restaurant . . .
3 June 16th, 2014 I received a call from the District Manager of Black Angus Steakhouse.  He said, "I want to apologize for the greeting and service you received at our Superstition Springs Black Angus Steakhouse on Saturday.  There is no excuse that you were not greeted by our hostess when you arrived and made to wait even longer for a bartender to greet you.  The time you had to wait for the wedge salad and chicken was unacceptable and not our standard.  I've discussed the issue with the General Manager."    Today, June 19th, 2014 I received an apology from the General Manager and he said, "I have spoken to the kitchen staff and your server and I have taken the necessary steps so as to not have this happen again.  The service that you received was unacceptable and is definitely not our standard and I can assure you that all the issues have been addressed.  We surely do not want to lose friends or customers when these mishaps occur and we are fully aware that excuses do nothing to restore a ruined meal."  The General Manager provided compensation to encourage me to come back and dine with them at my convenience.  As a result of their understanding and desire to correct their problem I will return to Black Angus Steakhouse again with the confidence that they will provide the service and quality of food I expect.
4 We decided to give the restaurant many more shots after the last horrible experience and each one has been better then the last. We just sit at the bar now and the service is great. The Saturday night bartender is awesome and the food is many steps above that first experience.
