4 Some friends of mine have this thing called Fat Fridays!  It's the beginning of a debauched weekend when the diets, workouts, no drinking stops on a dime and are thrown out onto the curb!  So we went to Red Lobster for Fat Friday!  I haven't been to a Red Lobster in like years, so I was kinda tentative about eating here, but the company I knew would be fun so why not!  Yup, indeed, the company was fun.  As far as the food goes...the menu has changed a lot and for the better!  It still has signature Red Lobster fare like all the fried sea food you can think of, served with potatoes cooked in any way imaginable.  But they also had sensible dinners pared with nutritious sides!  I was amazed.  This made for a long time deciding what to get, but I was hungry and had the focus of a lioness on a hunt!  I dictated to the table that we have the lobster pizza for starters!  no one complained out loud but I feel the daggers come out of your eyes! hahaha  I ordered a special dinner called the Hawaiian Isles...four coconut shrimps, salmon with a pineapple teriyaki type sauce, comes with salad, rice, and fries!  Yeah...it's Fat Friday! I also had a Mango Mai Tai that was dangerously delicious! It was gone in a sec...almost got brain freeze.  Our server was the most gracious and attentive server I have had in a chain restaurant, she was wonderful!  My rec...try out Red Lobster again, the food has improved, just be prepared for the lackluster crowd.
4 We generally sit at the bar for lunch or dinner. Bartender Nate always gives great service! Love the lobsterita it comes with a side car, yummy! Who doesn't like the chedder bay biscuits!!! Great place near the mall!
4 oh, endless shrimp, how i love you!!   the in-laws, my husband and i hit up red lobster after checking into the hyatt place in mesa.   jenna, our server was very nice. she brought out all of our drinks and provided refills (very important) throughout our meal.   i really liked the parmesan shrimp, linguini, scampi and grilled garlic shrimp. mmmmmmm i ate way too much.  wish we had a red lobster on kauai!!
4 We've been coming here for our quick lunch/dinner and we think that its gotten better over the years. We think that the biscuits were not that salty anymore which is good. The parmesan crusted tilapia was really good and the broiled halibut was awesome, perfectly cooked and tasted fresh. We love the homemade potato chips that come with the lobster rolls. The Warm Chocolate Chip Lava Cookie was the perfect way to finish your meal, enough to share with your love one. But I wish that they still have the lobster ceasar salad or as a choice to top with your salad coz its one of our favorites. The prices of the food are really fair. LOve the place.
4 I came here early sunday, 11:15. The place was almost empty, I got a table right away. I had a Boston tea(like a Arnold Palmer but with cranberry), it was pretty good. Service was prompt and attentive yet not overbearing and annoying. I ordered the crab steamer pot, crab, shrimp, corn cob, potatoes, and scallops. The crab was crisp shelled, sweet and tender. The shrimp was yummy and cleaned well. The sauce that it all came in(butter and white wine) was rich and delicious. The scallops were well done and not gritty. The potatoes were quartered and had a great crispy crust that absorbed the sauce well. My only complaint wad that the corn was a bit over done for my taste, but I like mine very crunchy. The cheddar bay biscuits were great and bottomless to boot. When I left the place was packed! Get here early! My check was 24$ and I left happy, full, and satisfied. If yer not a seafood snob and you realize that yer in the middle of the desert, try this place for a reasonable priced and above average seafood meal.
2 I'm going to have to say no.  The waitress was great, too bad the food wasn't.  I ordered the lobster, shrimp and crab legs, potato and rice.  I was hungry :-)  The restaurant was about 3/4 full and it only took a few minutes to get food.  When it did come it was cold, yuck and everything was drenched in butter and salt.  My tongue still hurts due to the volume of salt.  The lobster tail was as rubbery as a burned steak. I probably shouldn't have eaten it.  I remember Red Lobster used to be good for sea food.  This is no longer the case.
1 Very disappointing.  Had to go to Phx for a training and arrived later than expected last night and HUNGRY.  Our hotel was super close to RL and we were excited to get dinner.  I'm not sure if the fact that we arrived at 8pm explains how lacking the food was... or if I'm just trying to find an excuse for RL and how bad the food was.  L and I have been fans of Red Lobster for years.  We don't often get there but when we do, we are all set with our regular order of the popcorn shrimp.  Our server was very quick to get the food out,  which seems like a good thing but was also ready for us to leave ASAP.  I'm a bit confused by this because the restaurant is open until 10 and we left by 9:15.   Back to the food. Generally, I love those warm biscuits that are absolutely terrible for you. Last night, I only had one because it was neither  warm or tasty.  The salad was meh.  The popcorn shrimp was on the cold side and the fries were not terrible but were very salty.  The salty fries may have been my favorite thing and that is just plain sad.  Decided to go all out and have a specialty drink, which was really nothing special.  i ordered the Malibu Hurricane and it sure wasn't anything to excitedly Yelp about!   Red Lobster does an excellent job of tempting you with yummy looking commercials and endless shrimp for $15.99 but the reality doesn't come close to expectations.
4 Shrimp and Lobster Mac N Cheese is bomb !!
4 Consistently a good experience.  Not a fancy place by any means but a great neighborhood restaurant with friendly staff and good food.
4 Endless shrimp is freaking bomb. Adam (server) was fun
3 Had the shrimp and lobster.  It was OK.  The salad was fresh.  The rolls were hot and tasty.  The lobster was kind of dry.  The shrimp scampi was kind of mushy.  The baked potato was OK.  All in all, it was OK, but not great.  The service was initially good, but then it took forever to get our second order of drinks.
2 What's the big deal about this place?  No matter what I order I'm always disappointed, and the prices are outrageous.    Really,  there are better seafood places around.  The Japanese stakehouse right down the road (other side of the 60) has great mahi and salmon!  The casinos all have crab leg and shrimp buffets!  Why waste good money on bad food?
3 I found the food good but the prices for what you get was higher than i expected.  Service was great...
5 We are here at least once a week! Good food, good service, and nice relaxing atmosphere,!
5 Was a very nice evening dining experience. I got the large feast and was absolutely satisfied. Just wish the lobster would have been bigger (I love lobster). Service was right on everything from the drinks to keeping up with items needed for our table.
3 Standard Red Lobster fare. We dined in and had a good experience. The restaurant was a little dead, but the service was great and the staff was very friendly. I'll definitely do lunch here sometime.
1 I love Red Lobster's endless shrimp and delicious biscuits however, I'm sitting here writing this review at my table because I've been here for an hour and a half so far and have yet to get my food! Drink refills are impossible to obtain because our server can't figure it out. In fact, he disappears for 20 minutes at a time without resurfacing from behind the kitchen doors. I couldn't even leave if I wanted to because I can't get my check! I'll update my review with food reviews if our food ever arrives...
1 This place is a disaster!  The restaurant was dirty, they ran out of lobster, the manager was a total jerk...  I can't think of a single good thing to say about this place.
4 Nice location, wasn't busy when me and my daughters got there.... We love the cheddar biscuits and I love the Bahama mama drink! The hubby isn't a fan so he didn't eat but, he's driving so I get to drink lol. Waitress was pleasant always checking on us, the kids enjoyed looking at the fresh lobster. Didn't wait too long for the food, and when we left we were very satisfied! Will come back to this location!   Parking was easy too, and it's right Across the street from the mall for walking off your meal!:-)
5 I had the delightful pleasure of trying out the new Lobsterfest menu at the kick-off party. It was a night I'll never forget. Red Lobster put the show on! Plate after plate after plate of meals came out. I missed the part on the invitation that said, "Come ready to eat enough meals for the rest of your life."    In the end the cheesy biscuits did me in. Gosh darn it!  Complete Amateur Hour. If you've been to Red Lobster you are familiar with this breaded heavenly temptation. Unfolding napkins to the scent of bread is one thing. Slowly savoring the rich gooey cheese is...well...a moment you have to experience.   I should have known better!   The Short Review: + Good Food served in generous portions! + Funny welcoming staff + Kick butt drinks  STARTERS Out came a plate of stuffed mushrooms (6 pieces), decadently overfilled with lobster, crab and seafood topped with Monterey Jack cheese and baked. If you can, take a peek at my photos. (This advice applies to all of the food I'm going to cover. Words will not suffice here. Seriously!)   If you're looking for something with a kick the Sweet Chili Shrimp is for you! (12 pieces) It was for me. I absolutely loved the combination of light crunch and spice. It's not a hard crunch battered shrimp which is what I would have assumed if I was reading from the menu.  Out came the Lobster Pizza. Perfectly thin crust and topped with generous amounts of lobster meat, mozzarella, fresh tomatoes and basil. The crust was perfectly balanced and not overwhelmed by the ingredients. (No sogginess!) I could readily see this being a meal for someone. You're still getting the "Lobster" experience and plenty of food.   DRINKS We must pause at this juncture to discuss drinks. As my +1 and I had arrived prior to the start of the event we cozied up to the bar. (He also drove. Blessedly. I was able to sample many wonderful things.) With high recommendations I dived into the Bahama Mama. Tall, fruity, Captain Morgan Spiced Rum. They leave a reserve of Captain at the top of the drink. So when you think you're done drinking, no. There's a special kick just waiting for you. Delicious!  Moving into the special guest dining room armed with TWO drink tickets I was beside myself. "Really? We can pick *anything* in the drink book menu? ANYTHING?" Jeanne, our bomb diggity server, offered advice and answered many questions. Ultimately I wanted to compare a drink with my growing up roots. That's right. I went with a Top-Shelf Long Island Ice Tea. A premium blend of Absolut, Tanqueray, Bacardi and Patrón Citrónge.   The bartenders know what they're doing.  Later. (Much later.) I was tempted into ordering the largest looking margarita in history. Grand Patrón Margarita served with a cute sidecar of Grand Marnier. As we were attempting to photograph the ginormous nature of this treasure I was photobombed by a South African. All of the staff on hand, front to back, were super cool. We had a rip roaring time.  THE BAR Sitting at the bar, however brief our time was there, was neat. It's a big u-shape and central to the restaurant. If you have time to kill before your reservation there's ample seating. + TV!  BACK TO THE FOOD Remember, we ate tons! I was tired. But I channelled my inner gym monologue often, "Suck it up Irene! Keep eating!" (Also, the staff sent us home with shopping bags of doggie bags of food. My +1 scored big time as he took my goodies home!)  Dueling Lobster Tails. "Where do I start? Traditional roasted with creamy shrimp and garlic sauce? Or stuffed with crab and seafood? Which one will I like better? There's mash potatoes!"   After pausing for a nano-sec.  "- And string beans. Not going to waste any space on those!" Well, I did try the string beans because I felt guilty. Everything was wonderful. This meal is perfect for someone who isn't quite sure what they want. I had no idea there was still so much food to come.  Bar Harbor Lobster Bake. A roasted split Maine lobster tail, tender shrimp, sea scallops, mussels and linguini in a garlic and white wine broth. My Martha Stewart wanna be instantly thought, "Hey. You could totally pick this up and pass it off as a creation of your own. Toss it in a nice bowl and maybe a fella will be sufficiently impressed by your "cooking" Irene."  Hey. If I stock the right beer fridge men believe anything. The mussels were my favorite part in this. Of course everything was delicious. I adored the mussels. They were perfectly prepared and not overly done. If I time the pickup perfectly a future date will think I'm an excellent cook. (Shhh!)  Lobster Lovers Dream. Butter makes the world go round. Two very different styles of lobster + alfredo pasta.  Ultimate Surf & Turf Must do this again. A Maine lobster tail baked with crab and seafood stuffing. Peppercorn seasoned grilled sirloin topped with Maine lobster meat in a citrus hollandaise sauce.   Dessert came. I put my head down. Try the key lime pie.
5 I had the opportunity to try out the Red Lobster Lobsterfest the other night, my server was Jeanne! And she is amazing! Loved her and the great service she provided!  Started the night out with lobster, crab & seafood stuffed mushrooms, Lobster pizza and Sweet Chili Shrimp, now everything tasted great but I have to say my favorite of those where the Sweet Chili Shrimp, holy cow those are great! Stop ordering the coconut shrimp (don't worry I love those too) and get these Sweet Chili Shrimp.  For the entrees, get ready for this, we tried: Lobster In Paradise, Ultimate Surf & Turf, Dueling Lobster Tails, Lobster Lovers Dream, Seaport Lobster & Shrimp, Bar Harbor Lobster Bake   Everything was amazing!     Lobster in Paradise is split Maine Lobster tail fried in coconut batter, spicy grilled shrimp & lobster & shrimp bake topped with toasted crushed macadamia nuts  Ultimate Surf & Turf  is a Maine lobster tail stuffed a crab stuffing & baked with a peppercorn grilled sirloin topped with Maine lobster meat in a citrus hollandaise sauce comes with mashed potatoes roasted tomatoes & green beans  Dueling Lobster Tails are 2 Maine lobster tails, one topped with tender shrimp in a creamy garlic sauce and one stuffed with crab & seafood stuffing and comes with mashed potatoes, roasted tomatoes and green beans.  Lobster Lovers Dream is Rock Lobster tail & a split Maine Lobster tail, roasted with lobster & shrimp linguini alfredo  Seaport Lobster & Shrimp is wood grilled split Maine Lobster Tail, shrimp scampi, and skewered garlic grilled shrimp on a bed of wild rice pilaf  Bar Harbor Lobster Bake is split Maine lobster tail, shrimp, scallops, mussels & linguini in a garlic & white wine broth  While all these dishes are amazing, and every dish had something unique that set them aside from the other dish, my personal favorites where the skewered garlic shrimp, the Maine lobster tail, didn't matter if it was stuffed, baked, sauced, grilled it was DELISH! I also learned that I prefer the Maine Lobster over the Rock Lobster (Rock rock Rock Lobster Down down! B52's Rock Lobster)  I had lobster for days, and I still am craving the sweet Maine lobster & sweet chili shrimp!  And if you love the coconut shrimp you should for sure try the Lobster in Paradise, omg the lobster in the coconut batter was amazing!!   To end the meal I tried the Red Velvet Cake in a Jar that was the perfect ending to a delicious feast!   Also was able to meet the Manager Carrie and many other staff members including the chefs! It was a wonderful night and had fun trying so many dishes! I cannot wait to go back!
5 Best experience I've had a RL in a longtime. Service was on point and our meals we satisfying and tasty. For the first time in a LONG time I have no complaints from big RED. good work guys, I'll give ya another try sometime. Cheers to lobsterfest and knowing the difference between Maine and Rock lobster, really a step up in my experience.
4 i am a new england fish raise bostonian.... we went to rl ror our anniversary dinner tonight, it was great and the service was excellent!!! mesa az, waitress was heather!!!  she made our night special! great service!
4 Tonight, hubby and I celebrated our cotton year (second) anniversary at Red Lobster. And this was my third time going to any Red Lobster. Anyway, we had been craving seafood and decided to make it happen today. We told the server, Kayla, it was our special day and she seemed genuinely interested.  I mean she asked if we were celebrating anything special? So, I'm thinking "free dessert" or something-- oh no, just the words happy anniversary written on our overpriced check!  The place was nearly empty when we walked in at 4 PM but our server was apologetic every time she came back to our table because she was always gone too long.  Other than that, the food and drinks sure did make our bellies smile.  Snow grabs: $18.99 Dual Lobster Tails: $28.99 Sangria "Juice": ? Bahama Mama: ?  Lesson on eating out on our big day: Pricey;-)
2 I tried to place a to go order tonight at 7:30pm.  A female answered and placed me on hold for more than 5 minutes.  Needless to say, I went hungry after hanging up, giving up.
5 This is a beautiful restaurant! It has beautiful high ceilings and is very well kept. Went there for dinner with my boyfriend and the food was delicious! Our waiter was very polite and attentive. We will definitely be back!
3 The food was excellent.   The service was very good as well.   The only reason I gave them 3 or of 5 stars is because of the wait for a table.   The restaurant was only half full and we waited for over an hour to be seated.   There is no excuse for this.
