1 Run down.  So much tobacco smoke you can hardly breath walking down the hallways.   Stains on the carpet and the chair.  No shampoo, had to go across the street to the drug store to get some, most hotels leave you a small bottle.  Noisy.  There has to be something better than this place.
1 I would not recommend this place if it was the last place to stay at!! We needed a cheap month to month place while we were buying our house no contract .. What we should have done was rented a apartment for the four months (we ended up staying two and going to an apartment month to month for the other..... We were on the ground floor and at night needed to put a towel under the door because of the roach problem not to mention the notice from other guests.. We got one coffee pouch when we first checked in but When we asked for more they told us no and that the towels were only delivered once a week when they came to clean unless we went to front desk which was fine until our personal towels went missing and were replaced by theirs ... They never did find our towels ... And insisted we not be there when they cleaned our room... Hmm wonder why... I'll quit rambling save your money and stay else where or get a cheap month to month apartment!
2 It is what it is... cheap rates, but you get what you pay for. When our family was displaced from our house for a few days was perfect for us, kitchen, cheap rates, but the smell in the hallways is not the best. Nothing a little Fabreeze and scented candle couldnt mask.
1 I used  vouchers for free nights as a way to keep me as I had a bad experience in Tucson. I was in Mesa on business and checked in. Room was fine...until I went to bed. I was chewed on by bed bugs and when I turned the light on, I noticed  3 of them on my bed. I immediately went to the front desk and she gave me another room. The new room was fine, although when I went down to the lobby for coffee, there was a man sleeping under a blanket on a chair and a woman asking to borrow some money. WOW. I vowed never again, and this time I mean it.
1 Terrible hotel. The whole hotel might as we'll be for smokers. Drink people walking around yelling. No shampoo in the bathroom.  I thought I was being Punk'd. Left and stayed at the Holiday Inn.
1 I have never written a review on yelp before, but today, this hotel has driven me to do so. Basically all of the poor reviews below are true, but the kicker for me was when the hotel ran out of toilet paper. That's right, they RAN OUT of TOILET PAPER!!! How is this even possible? When asking the front desk about it, they simply replied that it had been ordered. Ya think. And when would it arrive? Oh, "usually takes a couple of days." What?! Are you kidding me?!!! They did say they would reimburse us if we went and bought some. My question though is, you're the hotel, Costco, Walmart and Fry's are across the street - how are YOU, THE HOTEL, not required to go to one of these places and supply it, until the shipment comes in? I'm dumbfounded.
1 DO NOT STAY HERE!   Worst place we have ever stayed. Between  noisy "neighbors" at 3:00AM and the fire alarm being pulled by pranksters at 8AM and 1PM on our first day of staying here.   Oh, and the promised cooking utensils and pots and pans in your room to cook a "home cooked" meal, not happening. When I called down to the front desk, I was told that housekeeping would bring some up "right away". Didn't happen. When I asked the next morning what happened. I was told (by the same front desk clerk" - "Oh, We will have to get them from an empty room." Lovely.   And this is only day 2. We have paid for a week. Stay tuned.   If we could get a refund, we'd leave.
2 Phone jack broken, jerry-rigged with a piece of paper to keep it in wall - message wait light continually blinked.  Light over stove burned out.  One window screen gone. Table top not clean.  Cup chipped.  Not able to give me non-smoking even though I requested it (staff did, however,  offer to spray febreeze in room).  TV channel lineup not in room - had to go back down to front desk to get it (why not put them in rooms?)  Poor TV reception.
