1 I was initially happy with Cruise America when I first looked them up and made a reservation (almost two months in advance of when I needed the RV).  This premature assessment quickly degraded as time neared for me to pick up my rental.  I had gone out of my way to ensure everything was ready to go when they had informed me just a mere couple of days before that there would be an additional deposit and I had to fax additional forms.  I had asked multiple times ahead of time if there was ANYTHING else, but was assured there wasn't going to be.  I stepped up and provided what was needed...and hoped that would be the only bump in the road (so-to-speak).  Time comes to pick up the RV...my friend and I are about 20 minutes early and I have all of my documentation in order.  The pickup process at the actual rental facility in San Fernando was a nightmare.  So many mistakes were made.  We were nearly not allowed to pick up the rental because of errors made on the part of those working there.  One of the errors they made was they ran my card for the balance owed but had exited the contract prior to it posting in the computer system.  When they opened the reservation back up (on the computer), there was still an amount due for $800+.  They asked to swipe my card again, but I told them they already charged it.  They insisted and, obviously, it didn't go through.  They told me that I can't pick it up until I pay the balance owed.  I spent hours on the phone with my bank, their  offices and with friends (that were waiting to load up the RV).  After they looked into my assertions (about my card already being charged), they realized that I was correct in that my card was, in fact, charged.  By the time they finally got it corrected (thanks to Lee Kindernay and an IT administrator from the corporate offices), it was almost 3 hours later.  We got to the place to begin loading up the RV and saw that the hitch lock was still on (we needed the hitch to attach the bike rack to).  I called the rental facility in San Fernando and they said "oops, I forgot...bring it back up and we'll take care of it".  A few more gallons of gas, additional mileage, and time wasted, we were FINALLY ready to load up the RV.  We had planned to leave by 5:30pm...that turned into 10pm because of this whole disaster.  Driving through the night was not pleasant and required ridiculous amounts of caffeine.  We get to our destination just fine and the RV seems to be just fine as well.  The next day, I go to use the shower and find that it doesn't work.  One of the big reasons why I wanted to camp with an RV is because it has a shower.  I was told when I picked it up that everything was in working order by the rental facility.  Upon return of the RV, the process was no less stressful.  The same people that seemed to lack ANY customer service skills were there putting me through similar headaches as when we picked up the RV.  Out of $1,000 security deposit (ridiculous, huh!?), I got a couple hundred back.  Considering I paid to have the RV professionally cleaned and didn't damage anything, that's pretty bad.  I called Cruise America a couple of times about these issues.  I wrote them some emails.  I even sent a letter.  To date, NOTHING has been resolved.  They didn't even try sending an apology form letter with a partial refund.  I've submitted an official complaint to the Better Business Bureau and have posted numerous bad reviews.  They don't seem to care.  It is nearing the verge of making this a legal matter.  It is absurd how little they care.  Had they just apologized and refunded me a little bit of the $2,500 (roughly) that I spent, then I would have been content in rating them with 3 stars.  It's their lack of care that gets them just 1, which, in fact, is still being generous!
3 You know...the units are kind of tacky with the landscape decals all over them but who cares.  I like the experience of taking my home with me.    The staff at this location was very friendly as other reviewers have stated and I also have to agree with them on the quality of the units.  Ours was a 25' unit and it was older.  By the third day the kitchen sink hose disconnected and leaked water outside of the rig.  Not a big deal but an inconvenience.  This little nuisance did not spoil our vacation and everyone who rents an RV needs to expect some kind of issue.  These units get hammered.   This is our third Cruise America rental and we still enjoy them.  The only thing I wish is they get rid of that tacky decals.
1 I would not recommend renting an RV from Cruise America. The RV we rented was not properly maintained. The wheel studs sheared off during our drive cross country creating a unsafe situation. We were fortunate not be involved in an accident. The travel assistance that Cruise America offers is very disorganized and not very helpful. The travel assistance staff wanted us to drive the vehicle in its unsafe condition to a Cruise America rental office that was 30 miles away. When we refused, the representative sent out a tow truck the following day. There was not an apology or concern about the loss of time to our vacation. When the tow truck driver refused to tow it due to safety concerns, the travel assistance supervisor had to be pressured into offering us a replacement vehicle. It took a full day to receive the new vehicle which was an older model than we had rented. It had smaller storage space and it did accommodate all of our storage needs. When we complained we were told there was no option and nothing they can do. The travel assistance staff was not very helpful and not forthcoming with full information. Upon return of the RV, the rental company did credit us for the down time that we had. However, we were not informed this would be the case by the corporate office. Each time we called the 1-800 number, we were placed on hold, we had to leave our information and then wait for a representative to call us back. At times we had to call several times to find out information regarding a replacement vehicle. We had to argue in order to get permission for a rental car while a replacement vehicle was being sent to us. The new RV did not have the registration, insurance information, or rental manual. After receiving the replacement RV, a representative did not call to make sure we received the replacement RV. We rented from a national company because they advertised nationwide roadside assistance and their roadside assistance was poor at best. Both RV's were in disrepair including: AC vents were broken, draws and cabinets did not remain closed during driving, outside storage units did not lock properly, screws were falling out of the bench seats, the refrigerator was missing shelves and storage compartments, the digital display on the refrigerator was broken, the indoor under the bed storage compartment was broken, the side windows did not close properly, and gas mileage was far below advertised mileage. The local rental agent was far more accommodating and was concerned about the safety of the vehicle. But if you rent an RV and have any problems, the corporate services are poor and the vehicles are not well maintained.
1 My husband and I rented the RV we were given a very brief walk around and told that the RV was working. We found out after leaving and getting the unit home that there was no sewer hose. We called the RV facility and were told that the dump would be taken care of. So that was nice of them. Then we drove 75 miles out to the desert for my family camping trip. When we went to turn on the heater the first night we found it was not working. Since the office was closed we froze all night and waited til the morning for the company to open. When we called the Spring Valley office we were told we would be authorized up to $50 for a space heater or we can call Travelers Assistance.  I called Travleres Assistance and they took me througha list of things trying to fix the issue. The heater was still not working. They said we had the option of driving 100 miles (at 17 cents per mile) to El Centro and waiting for them to service the vehicle or they could authorize up to $75 for a space heater. I did not want to waste my money on mileage to fix a broken unit nor waste a whole day of my short vacation fixing something that is broken that shouldnt have been in the first place. My husband rode his quad to Borrego Springs looking for a space heater later in the day and to local shops looking but to no avail. So now we stayed in the RV for a second night only to find out the water heater doesnt work either. When we returned the unit the guy at the desk offered to refund another $150 to my card but said if I contact customer relations I can dispute it further. I opted to take it up with Corporate and contacted their customer relations department. Per the receptionist there is not a single person I can talk to but I can email because they require everything in writing. I emailed several times and was only told I could have a $150 gift card and sorry for the inconvenience. I basically paid $500 for a glorified tent. I could have saved myself the headache and trouble and just stayed in a tent. Not only is the company stonewalling me but they are treating customers very rude and disrespectfully. I have never been treated like this by any company. I contacted the BBB in Arizona and filed a dipute against them.  I also contacted the state Attorney General.  This company's customer service is appalling and they are most disrespectful and rude people I have ever met or dealt with in my life.  I will NEVER rent from them again!!!!  I urge you to do the same.  Spend the few extra bucks and go with someone else.  This place is HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!  RUN AWAY FAST FROM THIS COMPANY!!!!!
1 We were so excited to take our first cross-country summer vacation. Cruise America all but ruined it!
5 I can't speak about renting a unit, but we bought a unit from them used. An OLD unit. I can tell you I have NO idea why anyone would buy a used vehicle from anyone else. These people have bent over backwards to extend BEYOND exceptional customer service to us. Going far above and beyond to make sure we were happy with our vehicle. You would be lucky to have your unit need a repair just for the privilege of meeting Dave in service. Literally the nicest most straight-up guy you're ever going to meet. Did a phenomenonal job of fixing our issues, keeping us comfortable and giving us free advice for care and maintenance.  If you want to make sure you get a fair deal, talk to Wayne in sales. VERY honest guy who is not salesman-y and not looking to hose you. You'll get a great deal if you deal with Wayne. I've never offered this before on a review, bc no company has ever impressed me so much as this one, but if you would like me to tell you all the reasons why it would be very smart to pick up an RV from their fleet, go ahead and contact me and I'll tell you how years of research lead me to this company and how experience confirmed my research for me, my hubby and our 5.5 kids.  You won't buy a better used RV anywhere else.
3 Ich kann mich den so negativen bisherigen Berichten (englisch) nicht uneingeschränkt anschließen. Obwohl - Cruise America hat unter RV-Mietern nicht den besten Ruf.  Cruise America ist unter den großen amerikanischen Anbietern von RVs der Größte mit den meisten Stationen im Land. Im Gegensatz zu den anderen Vermietern hält Cruise America die Fahrzeuge aber länger, was zur Folge hat, dass bei älteren Wagen häufiger Defekte, Pannen, Unzulänglichkeiten, Abnutzungen auftreten. Das wurde uns von diversen deutschen Camper immer wieder bestätigt.  Wir hatten jetzt im April zwei 25-Fuß RV gebucht. Durch Vitamin "B" waren wir als VIP vorgemerkt und erhielten zwei Fahrzeuge, die "nur" ein Jahr alt waren und ca. 25.000 Meilen runter hatten. Beide Fahrzeuge waren tipp-topp in Ordnung, sauber und mit dem Üblichen ausgestattet. Üblich heißt aber, dass einige wesentliche Dinge fehlten bzw. nicht ausreichend vorhanden waren:  - ein Toaster ist in den USA bei dem Pampbrot dort ein Muss - Fehlanzeige - ein Flaschenöffner und auch ein Dosenöffner sollte eigentlich selbstverständlich sein - Fehlanzeige - der Wasserschlauch hatte so gerade die Mindestlänge, um an Campsites an den Wasserhahn angeschlossen werden zu können. Außerdem waren die Dichtungen und Schraubanschlüsse ausgeleiert - der Abfluss-Schlauch (sewer) war sehr kurz und hatte kleine Löcher - d.h. wenig Spaß beim Dumpen, was ohnehin kein Vergnügungsfaktor ist - Leverer - Fehlanzeige  Wir hatten bei anderen Vermietern in den Vorjahren mit diesen Punkten keinerlei Probleme. Fairerweise muss ich sagen, dass wir uns neue Schläuche kauften, wie auch Öffner und diese bei Rückgabe erstattet bekamen. Nicht jedoch den Toaster, den wir uns ebenfalls bei Walmart besorgten.  Der Service vor Ort war an dieser Vermietstation exzellent, die Über- und Rückgabe zügig, das Personal mehrsprachig.  Fazit: Der vierwöchige Urlaub verlief problemlos, beide RV taten artig ihren Dienst, es trat nichts auf, was den Urlaub - zeitweilig - hätte vermiesen können. Würden wir Cruise America wieder buchen? Ja, wenn wir sicher stellen können, kein "Altfahrzeug" zu bekommen. "Camping World RV Rentals" und "Roadbear" würden wir vorziehen - aber die sind dann halt auch teurer.
4 We had a 27 foot rental and it fit 3 people with lots of space. It was easy to use for first timers. The customer service at the Flagstaff rental location was excellent. We had no issues with our unit and we able to pick up and drop off as early as 7am.
