3 Of course, I always like to support local bookstores. But I needed some new shoes like no ones business and was directed to this strip mall. Next to a world fair/pier 1 import kind of store, a halloween store, a Ross Dress for Less, a shoe store and a Best Buy, not a bad strip mall. I figured might as well check it out, right?  I actually kind of liked this location. They had a Seattle's Best with a cafe in the front of the store as well as a medium-sized outdoor cafe where people were hanging out reading, talking with friends, smoking, etc. I mean...the view is of the parking lot. Yeah. But hey-nice touch!  The magazine and newspaper section was pretty impressive. They had a lot of art magazines, Bust, Bitch, Adbusters, Surface, Business 2.0, dwell, ReadyMade, a bunch really, and they carried NYT (a little east coast mission of mine).  They had a good recommendation section and some good deals (like 3 for 2) on some actually alternative paperbacks. The staff was super helpful and not all up in my grill. I had trouble locating the art book section...b/c it was weirdly placed in the music section? An all right selection-not huge, but had some interesting books I wasn't expecting them to have. It was little hard to find space to sit down though-what I thought was a cornerstone of Borders?  One thing I hate about a lot of bookstores is how much crap they sell besides books. Ugh. I mean, some journals, cards, pens, they are all within reason. They are "paper" related goods. But all that room to bad bargain books and useless merchandise always gives me the heebies jeebies.   I wouldn't go out of your way to frequent this place, but if in the area maybe stop by, have a cup of coffee outside to gain some respite from consumerism, and enjoy the parking lot view.
4 My husband and I go out at least once a week to buy his magazines.  Border's has become our preferred bookstore because they always have the magazines he likes to read and I love their rewards card.    Tonight we went in to make our weekly purchase and talk to the staff.  They have a great group of people working there.  They are always helpful and knowledgeable about so many different subjects. While it is a chain store it gives the feeling of being a community store.
3 A nice walk through books that always turn out cheaper online. Despite they have some good deals, I always end up buying my books online or in Changing hands. It is nice to take a coffee and just look around. Anyway, it seems they are about to close as they are on sale after sale...too bad bookstores closing more often!
4 Nice atmosphere, great staff only place I can find Top Gear magazine!!  I think this is what Borders is known for, having a broader selection. This magazine is published in Britain and it's hard to find in the states.
