5 Wayne from Az Cold Air met with me and gave an estimate for replacing our heat pump this past July.  It wasn't the highest or lowest, but he took the time to explain the whole procedure and exactly what was included as well as what options were available so I felt best going with his company.  The work crew that came out started around 7am, and had the old unit completely removed and the new one installed and blowing cold air within just a few hours.  Everything went exactly as was explained during the original estimate.  The followup with rebates was great too, and customer service at all levels was excellent.  As a side bonus after analyzing my power bill from the past couple months, I'm saving $142/month and it's about 8-10 degrees cooler at all times!
1 It would have been appreciated if the guy would've shown up to give me my estimate on a heat pump.  Sheesh, you guys, you may be busy but we have better things to do than to wait around thinking you'd show up as scheduled.
5 I have never worked with a better contractor. AZ Cold AIr was prompt in setting up a meeting to look at our 16 year old system and advise on a replacement. The price was fair but Wayne explained all of the details and how we would have a "filter drawer" when they were done instead of the goofy system of bending filters and weighting them down. The installation was meticulous and testing was rigorous. APS wanted a ton of data in order to give us their rebate and Wayne provided that stack of written data. After one full season, the new Ruud system cut our electric bills by 30% and the winter gas bills by 40%. It is everything Wayne promised and then some but the installation is elegant. It looks like a professional job. We could not be happier.
5 After my Moms AC broke down yesterday she was concerned, as me being a state away I was equally concerned about her getting it fixed and not getting ripped off.  Today she called me and told me about Arizona Cold Air, they came out same day on a service call and fixed her problem!!!!  Thats impressive guys! Thanks for handling business professionally and being able to provide a solution sameday!  Kudos from a fellow business owner!
5 My AC went out last night (Friday night). Had a company come out and quote me $1000 to fix what they thought was the issue. Called Arizona Cold Air first thing this morning (Sat) and a tech was at my house within the hour as promised. Very professional, right from the initial phone contact to the service done at my house.Bruno was the tech who came to the rescue! Very nice, helpful, explained to me what the problem was and had my AC back up and running within 45min for a total of under $150! WOW!  If you're looking for a great reliable, affordable, professional company, call Arizona Cold Air.
5 This is our second time purchasing an a/c unit. We called Monday, Wayne came out the same day, sat with us and discussed the whole project. The project was scheduled for Wed at 7am. The installers showed up at 7am on the dot, looked professional and the whole job was done by 9am! Plus we didn't need to put half down before the installed it and took a personal check. I would definitely recommend them and have to 2 other friends and also got $200 in referral checks!
