5 I just had Delta Mechanical replace my sediment-clogged, out-of-warrantee electric hot water heater with a new one. I must say that my experience was far different from the other reviewers. I was called by the workman in advance to let me know the exact time he would arrive, and he replaced the unit in less than two hours. He was knowledgeable and friendly as was the office person I originally dealt with. I feel I got great service and an excellent price for everything, including installation and unit. They were 5 stars for me.
1 Delta Mechanical has got to be the most umproffessional company I have ever dealt with.  I'm shocked that Home Depot would refer them out!  I went to home depot to buy a gas stove and needed a gas line ran to the kitchen from the garage which is also right next to the gas meter.  (about 10 feet away) I was told that they couldn't give me an exact price over the phone but it would range from $300 up to $600.  After them cancelling on me twice because "the truck broke down" They called me back to let me know it would be $1700 so I quickly cancelled and will have another company do the install.  Shame on Home Depot!! I will definitely let Home Depot know about this as well.
5 We are so incredibly happy with installation we had with Delta Mechanical, we needed to share our experience.   One of our two air conditioners broke down on Labor Day and we had a bunch of friends coming over.   We contacted Delta Mechanical through the Home Depot at 8am and they had a tech at our home by 10am.   Mike was awesome and got our unit up and running temporally. Our units were very old and we had several repairs in the past and we knew it was time to replace them.   Mike sat with us and answered all of our questions and offered us several different units and explained the benefits of all of them to us. We purchased a Trane and Mike set us up with financing through the Home Depot. We had our install set up for the new systems on the following day. That same evening we received a call from Haylee to confirm our installation for the next morning between 8 and 10 am with their pre job inspector to come at 7:30am. Steve showed up at 7:30 prompt and went through everything and my husband remembered about a hot room we forgot to mention to Mike the day before and Steve went though and found a solution for us and set it up for the installer to correct when the units were installed.    Paul and Chandler arrived at 9:15 and promptly started to work and continued into the late afternoon without stopping. Incredible work ethic especially with the temperatures we had that day. Paul walked us through the process before starting to give us an idea of what to expect throughout the day. They laid out carpet covering and protected all areas they worked in. When they completed they went through the operation of the system and instructed us on the thermostat operation and linked it up with our wifi.   We would feel very comfortable recommending Delta to any of our friends and we have already and one of them had an install and let me know they received the same service that we did.
1 This is the most unprofessional company I have ever dealt with!!  It's been months and I'm finally writing a review.  Now that I found them on yelp, I am not surprised by all the bad reviews they received.   I don't even know where to start!?    First off they placed a electric heater/ac and the crap wouldn't work when it was freezing outside!  I call and complain and their answer is because it's freezing outside.  What!!???  Really??  That's why we got it in the first place!  Then they finally answer and tell me it's because our order didn't have coils.  And coils would be an extra charge.  Are you freakin serious?  We froze for two months because you didn't install coils?  Did I mention I had a water leak happening in one of the bedrooms because they didn't properly close off the vent from the roof!    The technician came out at least five times to the house.  On the last visit, looks at the order and realizes it wasn't supposed to be an electric heater/ac unit!  The order was for a gas unit!    Okay, so they screw up the order, have us freeze for two months, and forget to put vents in the two bathrooms.  Constant phone calls to the manager Tony and never calls back!  He finally called back after three weeks of leaving messages, only because we went to the manager of Home Depot.  Home Depot works with these clowns.  They need to cut their ties! It's not building my confidence with Home Depot either.  Shame on Home Depot to have a contract with this Delta Mechanical!  Next stop will be Michael Finney on channel 7 news. This company is garbage!!!
2 I had them do my A/C install and was pleased with it. That's where it goes bad. I had them quote a water heater install, and the guy said he gave me a quote that saved me hundreds of dollars. Made one other call to a competitor and the quote was 30% cheaper. Hmmm???  Then he mis-measured the unit, and I was told they could not find this weird size unit  anywhere in the country.   After several days I decided I did not want to go through with it.   They had already charged my card, but they said they could not find me in their system. So, I am now disputing it with my bank to get a refund.   I am not impressed with their lack of organization, as well as charging me before the installation. And, am now a little concerned with the A/C. I hope I don't have any problems in the future.  And, shame on Home Depot, as they were the ones who referred me.
1 Installed a hot water system for me and botched the job. Terrible time getting them to repair their shoddy workmanship. The workers don't speak English. Use extreme caution when using this company. They hide  their poor reputation at Home Depot and screw up their good name to boot. I would not recommend delta mechanical.
1 OMG!  This really happened to me.  A well known business.  I had called to make an appointment for an estimate for new A/C and whole house water softener.  Setting up the appointment for the A/C was very nice, people friendly.  THEN I was transferred to the plumbing department to Albert who is a sales represent for the water softeners.  Now I have never had any thing like this before, what is good, what are the options.  Albert gave me a quote over the phone $949 to $4k.  I asked for a sales rep to come out so I can ask questions, so they can explain the options.  His reply was I gave you the quote.  Tried to explain that I would like someone face to face to ask questions.  Albert again refused.  I then said I will not be using the company.  Albert said do what ever you want and hung up on me.  Now think new A/C appx $5k...possible water softener for $3k hmm that is $8k that the company has lost.  Then to top it off, I called back to speak to the plumbing mgr, left message at 10:00 am and guess what no return call and it is now evening.  What a way to run a company.
1 This review is for Delta Mechanical -- both AZ & CO. I live in CO but also dealt with the corporate office in AZ. I've tried to keep the review concise as possible...but the reality is, I could have written 10 pages on how disconnected the company is and just how little client service is to their organization.  As a third-party installer to Home Depot, Delta Mechanical was contracted to install a toilet for me and my family. I placed the order and scheduled the install one week out for an 8-10 AM delivery/install to minimize delays or issues.  At 8:30 on the day of install, I received a message from Delta Mechanical that they didn't have the necessary information to complete the scheduled install. I talked to both the installer and the corporate office to try and resolve.   Upon my first call to the installer, I learned that although he might be a pro at installing toilets, he was anything but when it came to customer service skills.  When I asked him what the problem was with the order and what he might need from me, he basically said, "I've already moved on to my next job. Nothing I can do."   Understandable, considering the mix-up...only, he had ZERO interest or motivation to help. I asked that he call dispatch to find out what the issue was or where the disconnect occurred....to which he made it clear that he was busy and that he was already on his way to another job. WOW!...so, I was kind enough to give him a piece of my mind and how unprofessional that attitude was when facing a customer.  That's when I called the office directly to explain my frustration, having had to take off work for the original installation time and then to be told by the installer that helping me couldn't be fit on his plate at the moment.  That's when the customer service representative mentioned that she had called me "one hour" prior to delivery to discuss the issue...the only problem is that she was in a different time zone, so it really was only 20 minutes before the schedule install time.  So, I quickly learned that I'm probably working with people who aren't quite ready to run a business or to handle customer service issues or problem solve. She said she would have to review the phone call order and "get back to me", but offered no estimated timeframe or next steps -- one hour? one day? one week?  Clear to say that my frustration continued to grow.   Delta Mechanical tried to blame it on Home Depot, but I sat at Home Depot when we originally placed the order and confirmed that all of the information had been given to Delta Mechanical.  When talking to the customer service representative and eventually the Delta Mechanical Manager (George Ramos), they confirmed Delta Mechanical only looks at orders the day of installation, which makes ZERO business sense and probably a good reason as to why I'm as frustrated with them as other reviewers.   I'm still baffled how an order placed 7-days in advance cannot be reviewed or confirmed prior to 20-minutes before install. SERIOUSLY!  Mr. Ramos' plan to fix it included me rescheduling my afternoon (already after rescheduling my morning) and to give me their "New Client Promotional" rate with an added $20 off. Now, my bigger question was, "Why am I just now hearing about this  promotional rate now that I'm an unsatisfied customer and nearly two hours after the first sign of incompetence on Delta Mechanical?" Rhetorical question of course.  I let him know that promotional rates are for customers looking forward to doing business with Delta Mechanical, and that at the moment I was pretty dang far from that...having taken off work, rescheduled my weekend, and after spending two hours on the phone bouncing from installer to customer rep to manager while experiencing some of the most dreadful customer service ever -- without any resolution, other than $20 off their promotional rate they failed to offer upon my initial order and giving up my afternoon on top of the morning already wasted.  Mr. Ramos' response was, "It sounds like I should just cancel your order."  Talk about CUSTOMER SERVICE!  I did call Home Depot back and we're in the process of making the situation better, including using another third-party installer instead of Delta Mechanical.  I know I'm just one customer/voice, but I let Home Depot know that as long as Delta Mechanical is a third-party vendor, I will be taking my future purchases somewhere else.  Again, we're in the process of finding a remedy in conjunction with Home Depot, but the ONE GUARANTEE I have at the moment is that Delta Mechanical WILL NOT BE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY, thankfully!  Plumbing and HVAC aren't my specialty, which is why I wanted the pros to do it...but take a lesson from me, there are a lot of companies and people who can install plumbing infrastructure the right way without leaving a soiled taste in your mouth.   Do yourself a favor and go with another company that has a better overall rating that TWO STARS on Yelp...you won't regret.
3 Home Depot selected these guys to install two toilets for me. After some back and forth on scheduling, the day of install, our guy shows up at 7p. That was OK with us so he went straight to work. Guy was done in less than an hour and took the toilets and boxes away with him, which he did not have to do. We did pay for the toilet removal, but did not expect him to take the boxes.  Very nice of him.  The trouble was with the communication with Home Depot and Delta. We called Home Depot 3 times and the folks there were trying to help, but never told us Delta would be doing the install. If they simply had hooked us up with the installer, it really would have helped the scheduling.  Other than that the installer was knowledgeable and efficient.
5 I recently had a new Central AC unit and water heater installed by Delta Mechanical and I couldn't be happier. I went directly through Delta Mechanical and not Home Depot, although I did use Home Depot's 24 months same as cash. Both the AC and WH were the original equipment in my house and over 22 years old. The AC died on Thursday, and they got it running again, but the 108 degree temps proved to be too much by Saturday, and it finally gave up the ghost. Jeff came over and explained my options and pricing for a new unit and water heater. We decided on a 5 ton Trane and 50 gal Rheem water heater. Their engineer Steve came over early Monday AM and measured and the install crew was there an hour later. Nick, Paul, Valcon and Chandler were professional, knowledgeable and fast. They got everything installed and house was cooling down by the afternoon. This was my 1st time buying a water heater and AC unit and I was very pleased with the their service and the whole process.  Even one day without AC in AZ is too long!
