4 I've been treated very we'll by the staff here.  My doctor is trustworthy and thorough.  They have phlebotomy on site
4 I had a short wait on my visit to Dr. Harris and the staff was helpful in getting all my paperwork done. The Dr. was awesome, very personable and knowledgeable. They have a streamlined system and set me up the very next morning with bloodwork.  I had my results available through their phone system 24 hours after that.  Nice, helpful staff, and good doctors is almost all you can ask for in a clinic.
5 I love this medical practice.  I recommend them to anyone who asks.  My husband and daughter both have had some serious medical issues and our previous doctors hadn't really been helpful in finding the cause but they did when we went here.  The doctor was so concerned that he called back to make sure everything was fine.    I wish every doctor were like them.
2 I have been going to this place for just over 5 years.  They've been generally pretty good except for the usual errors when running labs and such.  However, I called Tuesday morning to get an appointment with my GP, and his first available is the following Monday.  I've had a stomach condition for a week now, and don't really want to wait another week to see him.  I would not recommend this place to anyone looking for prompt service.
2 This practice has lots of issues.  My wife and I used multiple doctors at this place and had issues with them.  They are almost always consistently late with their appointments.  So don't ever plan anything around your appointment, you will be late.  This place will also extort money from you for any professional paperwork that is needed.  They will not charge you for it at the time of the appointment, they will have you fill out your own paperwork and then charge you exorbitant amounts for a doctors signature.  I would recommend finding a different medical group as this place is not where you want to go.
1 So now after the 2nd time of paperwork that got filled out.  They tried to hold the paperwork for more money.  After an upsetting call to the Practice Manager, they sent all paperwork out for no extra charge.  Then they send us a letter dropping us from the medical group and then we find out that the paperwork STILL was not done correctly.  AGAIN...DO NOT GO TO THIS MEDICAL GROUP!  They are HORRIBLE!
5 Dr. Porter and his assistant have been involved in our family's health care for close to 20 years; he is very thorough, kind, and compassionate.  Any kind of referrals are handled expeditiously, the on-site lab simplifies matters greatly.  The day Dr. Porter retires will be a sad day.
1 Don't go here if you actually need the caring help a medical professional should give. After going through financial troubles, we were only able to pay $30 and my boyfriend's mother said she would pay the other half for him (oh, how foolish we were to believe that hag). Eventually, that $30 turned into a collection bill of $70 that we received one morning. We paid it off, and tried to make an appointment. Once you are discharged, you are forever discharged, even if you have already paid it off. So, in conclusion, either have insurance or your screwed. Oh, and never trust your mother-in-laws. :-)
2 Since I have not met my deductable yet, I was trying to get an out-of-pocket price quote. I wanted to know what to expect when getting my bill, even if it was just an estimate. My insurance instructed me to call the doctor. When I called, no one at this practice could help me and the receptionist didn't even direct me to a billing person. She simply said "it is up to the doctor". This is a little frustrating as I did not want to be shocked with a big bill at the end (which did happen by the way).  I took the gamble and made the appointment anyway. Frankly, I was not overly impressed. I felt I was rushed through the entire visit and was basically just referred to specialists for very minor questions. I was also pushed to do a lot of tests that I felt were unnecessary as my issue was pretty minor.  The check-in staff is not very friendly and seem grumpy. The office is easy to get to but the area is pretty sketchy now.   In the end, I still have questions un-answered and a large bill that I feel was coded in a way to drive up the price.
