2 Oh the new lows we have reached.  I thought the grand slam would have atleast rewarded us after we waited 15 min. to get the attention of the waitress. Looks like she could have had better days. I think she covered 15 tables at once, poor old woman looks like she should be retiring and getting rid of that nasty sunburn, not serving bacon and eggs.  The glasses of water we got (which had a funny taste), looked like they had boogers on it. I am amazed we didn't dash out the door that instant. I guess you can call us brave.   The 'grandslam' isn't so 'grand'. Atleast, not like it used to be. Now I know why they only charged a couple bucks for it, because if you combined it together, it'd be the size of my palm. Mmmm, nothing like soggy hashbrowns, sausages that screamed mystery meat, and chairs with rips and holes for decor. Urgh..I'm acting feeling itchy from thinking about it..
2 I've been to this Denny's a couple of times and its been consistently just OK.  The staff is a bit frazzled during busy times so double check your order and be prepared for stuff missing. The food is Denny's, what can I say. Its filling inexpensive and if u become a member you get 20% off coupons regularly. So that's good. Really, its a diner...I've been to better...I've been to worse....have at!
5 Of all my denny's experiences, this one had been the best location. The staff is friendly, the food is quick, and its clean. The area outside is nice, and well lit.
1 I've been burned by the service here before but this is the first time I've dealt with getting served in dirty dishes and at a dirty table. The waitress had us waiting for a while to seat us without a word, sat is at a sticky table, was quick with our order like she was in a hurry...there are only a couple other tables with people here, served me milk in a glass that had food stuck inside it, didn't ask if we wanted anything else before dropping the check in on us and walking away. The only reason we came here was for a dessert and our usual late night date place, IHOP, didn't have much of a dessert selection. I don't think we'll be coming to this Dennys again.
1 Soda is ALWAYS flat here, if I'm going to pay for soda i'd like it to be decent... Table was dirty as well
4 You can never go wrong with Denny's.   Perfect hang over food.
4 Denny's is Denny's.  Eggs Bacon Sausage Hash browns Pancakes French toast And other breakfast items.  A wide array of lunch and dinner options too.  Service was good.  Remember the $2, $4, $6 & $8 value meals.  Nice, clean interior.  Looks like a newer location.
