3 A whole bigass store full of overpriced bike gear!!! How cool.  However, its cool to have a store like that in the neighborhood. In case you may need $600 riding jacket in a hurry.  Me? I bought $5.99 luggage net from them ;)
3 Good assortment of riding gear for both off-road and street riding. Mediocre customer service. Average prices.
4 I just edited the biz info as this is the old address and didn't have hours and stuff site url and stuff.  I like Cycle Gear... and here's why...  They're WAY cooler and much nicer than the guys at Ride Now and cheaper.  Like anything you should shop around but they give discounts to military and PD/FD so works for me there.  They have pretty good deals on tires honestly, and bring the old wheel/tyre in and they'll mount the new one for you.  I had a jacket that was, about a month later I just decided it was too big and I didn't want it anymore... they took it back and special ordered me a new one.  Later I bought a Dianese Santa Monica jacket on sale that was much cheaper than anywhere else had it.  The guys there are all riders and very knowledgeable with any question I've ever asked them.  Always a good convo anyways when I go in there.  Brought the girl in and she got her jacket there too.  And they do street and dirt gear too btw.
4 Great store with very knowledgeable staff. When they run specials and clearance sales their prices very good too. Nice to have a place with a good selection that carries everything from oil filters to race apparel.  Since they mount tires, I will be buying those their too in the near future.
3 They have an excellent selection of gear for street and dirt bikes.  They have a good sized maintenance section as well.  The selection is great compared to other local shops like dealership and their prices are better too.  They sell a ton of stuff online and the prices are the same in store.    Unfortunately, the person that thinks they are overpriced must not know that quality gear costs money.  Yes you could buy a pair of gloves from Home Depot for $5, but those wouldn't be riding gloves would they?  They sell everything but stock just the stuff other local stores don't.  If you want it, they will get it and have everything you can imagine on their site.    They don't stock a ton of Joe Rocket because everyone else does.  I first went in looking for some gloves and wound up getting a pair of Alpinestar that were a little more expensive, but are higher quality and more comfortable.    They sell stuff across many price points and have a lot to choose from.  Helpful staff too, just ask for help and they will do it.
4 Really nice place with a good inventory.  I don't have a bike yet, so I was here to round up some gear. They know when you don't have a bike yet... they can smell you like a fart in a car. But they were cool and offered to help with anything I needed. One guy helped me pick out a helmet that is shaped well for my head.   The prices are reasonable and a lot of things were are on sale--overall, I would recommend to any rider.
5 I went in here the other day after finding these guys on yelp. It is a busy place and they have tons of stuff, from parts to apparel. I'm new to the whole bike world and the guy that helped me was great. When I walked in, I'm sure they could see that I looked clueless.  The guy who helped me was really knowledgable and was able to answer any of my questions. He helped with new tires, and then also helped me with my new boots. I was looking for a new turn signal and he said he wasn't sure it would fit. To solve the issue, he just pulled the package open and we went outside to check. It didn't fit, so he helped me order one that would.  I explained to him that I was new to motorcycles and he gave me a lot of good information. They even recommended a garage across the street to get my bike work done that ended up working out really well.  From other reviews that I read, I was a little nervous about the prices. While I was in the store, I went on my iPhone and checked out prices online. They were either the same as Cycle Gear, or cheaper at Cycle Gear. My boots were exactly the same as online, so I figured I saved myself some shipping charges.  I will definitely be going back here for any of my motorcycle needs. They left a great impression on me that I will not forget.
5 Great place! They will order stuff for you from other stores, no shipping, and the best return policy ever! If you don't like it...return it. Christian is the Man. Thanks for all the help.
2 This place is HUGE for a cycle based shop.  I went to find a decent leather jacket for street riding ... although they had a ton, there were none to my liking.  This was just my shopping experience (and nothing against this place) ... so your mileage may vary.
5 Cycle Gear will be my 1st choice for anything motorcycle related from now on!  I went in about 2 weeks ago and tried on some helmets and got pricing on an Alpinestars jacket. The staff were helpful and got me pricing on the jacket even though they don't carry it.  I ordered a few parts from BikeBandit.com, and they messed my order up to the point that I was left scrambling to get the right parts so I could ride. On a Friday afternoon. Before a 3 day weekend. My bike is my primary transportation.  I called up Cycle Gear, and not only did they have what I needed, but Carlo was knowledgeable and even showed me how to use the tool I purchased. I'll definitely head to Cycle Gear before risking it with online purchases from now on.
5 First off, Cycle Gear is not a bargain basement.  As mentioned before, they sell merchandise across different price points and they have a good return policy.  You get what you pay for here and there is always a sale going on.  The sales are like the grocery store-  If you can predict you need something for later but don't need it right away you can save a little dough in the long run by buying sooner.   I bought a battery during "march madness" and beat the battery stores prices and internet prices. Plus they put the acid in the battery for me.  If you need help they will guide you through the whole purchase.  If you know what you want or are just browsing they will leave you be and once in a while see if  you need something.  Phone service is just fine, unlike an auto part store.  Best part of Cycle Gear? Awesome staff of knowledgeable riders.  I know a few of their names but really they all deserve credit so I'll just give it 5 stars.
4 Fully stocked store - full range of gear for every kind of riding. Got great help from Riley - pretty uncomplicated visit, needed a not so premium set for a slow cruiser bike - ended up with a good modular helmet, good jacket and good set of gloves, no wasted time or effort. I've bought stuff from Cycle Gear in other places too for other kinds of riding and it's just where I go - they always have what I need and I've never heard of anybody feeling like they got smoked or upsold. Definitely recommended.
5 I recently started visiting Cycle Gear once I received my Ninja 250R. I'm safety conscious, so I needed to get myself set with a jacket, gloves, helmet, and other accessories. I went in a few times to browse, but never purchase yet because I had most of my gear picked out online. I went in around 30 minutes to close to look at at jackets. Being of smaller statue, jackets never fit like they should. Looked around for a jacket, tried a few one. Justin came over to see if I needed assistance. Politely confirmed and he looked around and picked out an Alpinestars. I put it on and the jacket fit like a glove. It was passed closed but they happily stayed and help me get back armor as well. I walked out with gloves and a jacket as well as my helmet on special order from another store. I went about around 10 different occasions to get different items, one point a tail bag. I was unsure as how it would fit on. A representative went out with the gear and took the time to test fit it. Success. I mentioned during checkout that the gloves I had purchased, the Velcro was coming off (I believe a manufacturer defect). They instantly exchanged out my gloves for new ones. Same with face shield. They may not have the lowest bargain prices, but I'm happy to pay extra for the customer service this store provides to me.   You've won me over!
4 I may be the only female posting a review for Cycle Gear here so far, however I have had the same experience that most of the reviewers have had.  This is refreshing in the fact that I have been treated the same as most of my male counterpart riders.        The staff are courteous and knowledgeable and treat everyone the same when you walk in (experienced rider or not).  Kudos to them for the great service...it's not like that at most places.  They have taken the time to answer all my questions and show me different options...options that I didn't even know I had!       I have not had any service work done at this location however I can comment on their selection and prices.  The selection is fantastic.  Street, cruiser, parts, helmets, gear, etc you can probably find it here.  If you can't they will offer to order it for you.  I like being able to actually see the product (quality, durability, fit) rather than ordering on-line...so this place fits my shopping preferences for most things.  I don't see that big of a price difference with most places (or on-line) as they have a lot of stock and selection.  There are low end and high end items that should fit most budgets. They have some AMAZING sales as well...I get the mailer and am always going in to grab something while on sale. (maybe that is the X chromosome talking).     I am a happy shopper and will be back.
3 The actual quality of the product they carry is garbage! I mean come on "bilt" really. You're gonna put a label on shit then try n sell it. "Sedici" Italian inspired Chinese garbage.. go back to agv, alpinestars, dainese, aria, shoei..  customer service is good.. Hence the 3 stars. But in order to get quality stuff it has to be ordered.
4 Regardless of what the other reviews state, they carry a lot of different product across all price ranges. They seem to be pushing the low-end "Bilt" line as the majority of the store is stocked with this stuff, but if you look you'll find some decent brands here. The staff is very knowledgable and all seem to be riders who like to talk shop. It's good to have a shop like this locally, keep up the good work guys.
5 These guys are the best of the best. A good range of gear, a great range of helmets and most importantly helpful and friendly staff.  Every time I shop here it's the same. First Class experience. There are other places to go to buy motorcycle/scooter gear but forget it and head straight to this store.  The manager Brian is really friendly and knowledgeable and clearly knows how to manage a great team!
4 This is a review about customer service because I don't know a lot about motorcycle gear, my husband is the one who does. But we stopped by last night looking for a "stay cool", "heat out" shirt for my husband. We went in at around 6 pm and couldn't decide anything; we left and returned in like an hour. The guy who helped us took the time to talk to my husband about the products they have. My husband tried I think 3 or 4 sizes until he found the right one. The guy was so nice and helpful. After we paid guess what?! We realized they were closed ... they closed at 7 pm and we were leaving the store few before 8 pm. That means we entered the store the second time almost when they were closing but still had the guy bring us 3 or 4 different sizes and he didn't rush us, not even told us they are closed etc. That was amazing to me, to us, but felt embarrassed having them waiting on us for so long. I am not giving 5 stars just because they are kind of pricey. But other than that we always had good experiences with them!
4 You can always tell apart the bike snobbery because their reviews usually start with "Bilt sucks" or something along those lines. Yeah, Cycle Gear pushes the Bilt stuff, it's their house brand, not the best, by along shot, but certainly not the worse gear i've come across. I'm an experienced and avid rider and I own some Bilt gear, I bought it with the understanding that you get what you pay for,.....Hasn't disappointed yet. I have also purchased higher end gear from these guys, their service is awesome. I like being able to run down the road and know that they're likely going to have what I need or want. I am a fan of e-commerce, but I have to say that most of my online purchases for bike gear or parts have resulted in utter heart break or utter pains in the ass. CG's Pricing seems fair as compared to other local shops and even online guys. Walk into Cycle Gear, give your eyes a minute to adjust to the general "disorganized" feel of the store, look around and behind and to the side of all the "Bilt" stuff, and you're likely to find a really cool piece of kit to add to your collection. Or, just grab some inexpensive "house" brand gear and leave feeling good about still having a few bucks leftover to spend on a fancy cup of coffee after your next ride.
