4 I believe this is the park and has shows every hour, which are simulated gunfights. There are shops and there is a Bordella that used to really function and was brought over from its original site piece by piece. The tour of that bordello is only three dollars and the entire town atmosphere was one of the most memorable parts of my trip to Arizona. I highly recommend going and you can bring the whole family. it is truly a wonderful place.
5 Only thirty minutes from Phoenix, there is this nice state park where gold was once discovered and there are trails too hike. The Superstition Mountains are quite stunning up close with jagged edges, deep canyons and huge rock formations. Most trails are shorter than two miles roundtrip and those are the "learning" trails that are used by seniors and families mostly. The big boy trail is the Siphon Pass trail in which you can get all the way to the top of the 4300 foot mountain. I went to the Basin which is at about 3300 feet. The rest of the way up is a harder unmarked trail and more rocky and it was approaching 90, so I stopped. It still was just over 4 miles roundtrip and a good uphill workout on a well-carved out trail. There were lizards galore and some strange bees with a giant red dot on them, but they didn't bug me at all. Admission to the park is $7, but the scenery makes it worthy.       Stopping just down the road later for a "pop" as it was written, one of those old-timer bearded locals told me to drive another mile and you can enter the park for hiking for free.  Apacheland is right before the park and they have a museum and some replica's of buildings from the old days to check out fr free.  Also, alot of movies were filmed around there, mostly Elvis stuff and be sure to take a peak inside the church also because it's surprising what you will find.
4 Very nice state park only 30-40 minutes from Phoenix. The views are good to great, depending on the season and the time of the day that you visit (depending on the angle of sun).   The best hike here is climbing to the top of the Flatiron. It's a tough hike/scramble though.
