5 After being in an auto accident and getting the typical run around from the insurance company and their recommended auto body shop, it was a refreshing experience to work with Orlando Auto Body who streamlined the repair process with confidence.  The repairs were completed timely and I was updated throughout the process.  Since my initial visit, I have since returned to Orlando and was again very pleased with their quality services.
5 I was first referred to Orlando's back in 2005, unfortunately, with kids, I have given them a lot of business. Their work is top notch, you won't find a shop that betters their work. Joe, the manager, does what he says and when he says. Would not go to anyone else. When anyone asks me about body repairs I don't hesitate to recommend them wholeheartedly.
5 We had a window get broken accidentally, and when we went to get the glass replaced, they said there was too much rust around the frame.  So, off we go for unexpected auto body work that our insurance is not going to cover. We talked with Joe at Orlando, and took the car in for an estimate.  The estimate was fair, and they were able to get started quickly.  They were friendly and helpful, and even got us a lower price on the rental car that we got so we could get around while the car was being repaired. Overall, it was a pleasant experience, and our car looks wonderful. Our car was returned to us cleaner than when we took it in, which is always an unexpected bonus.  Overall, a good experience for an unexpected expenditure.
5 I was in the hospital in FLG having back to back operations, totally unexpected from 12/27 - 1 Jan. My daughter came to be with me. On her return home on 1/1 she came upon something some debris from a vehicle in front of her. Needless to say her car suffered some pretty extensive damage. She took her car to Orlando Auto Body, my first point of contact to help her was Joe, wow he is amazing. Talk about service and reassurance. The work was superb. He walked her through it all. 5 stars across the board. Thank you Orlando Auto Body, you guys rock!!! Joe kudos to you. You know how to take care of your customers.
5 Getting great customer service is rare these days.  That is why I wanted to say thank you to Joe and Orlando Auto Body for going above and beyond for me.  Aside from the friendly and honest approach that they took, I also got daily updates and photos of the progress of my vehicle.  I was kept up to date on the process and they got my car done exactly when they said they it would be done.  When I came to pick my car up, it was detailed from bumper to bumper and vacuumed.  With the paint and body work....  Every thing looked good as new!  They perfectly matched the factory paint, you couldnt tell that anything was ever done.  All of the spacing and lines were perfectly matched to the rest of the car.  The work looked amazing!  They even gave me a great deal on painting ,my lexus emblems to match!  I wont go anywhere else to have work done on my vehicles.  Orlando Auto earned a lifetime customer!  I just hope my next visit is under different circumstances.
