5 This La Quinta location is awesome, not only are the rooms beautiful but insanely quiet.  Hubby and I had a fantastic stay & slept well each night.  Also the staff called later in the evening to see if everything was okay. (WOW)
5 Awesome hotel. Free wi-fi, good breakfast, clean rooms and great rates.   What more can you ask for?
5 Super clean rooms, nice housekeeping staff (one left a note on my bed for me!), free WiFi, the continental breakfast had a waffle making station, a pool and hot tub, and super affordable!   If you are going to Spring Training and have a car at the ready, I'd definitely recommend staying here.   I don't know the last time I stayed at a hotel that had free WiFi, I want to give them six stars because of this.
2 Dont be fooled by the good reviews. This hotel needs a lot of work. Elevator feels like its going to detach and drop. Carpets are old and green and ripping apart. Window screens are full of holes.  Walls and Doors are dirty.    The good thing? It comes with free breakfast. Allows pets at no cost. (which is probably the reason why theres old discolored carpet) and cheaper than the nice Hilton across the way that was $40 more a night.    Dont try to sleep in either because the walls thin. I could hear my neighbors above me and next to me use the bathroom and walk around.   Cheaper for a reason.  I would give 1 star, but gave the additional star due to the staff. The DayShift! NOT the night shift. The day staff was very friendly and accomodated us.   Breakfast consists of: Waffles, bagels, Canned Fruit Cocktail, Cereal, Yogurt, and Hard Boiled Eggs.  That's it!  Only come here if u dont care where u sleep.
2 I was checked into a room that had not been checked out of..... that seems to be to be not only unprofessional but dangerous. And when I alerted the woman that works at the front desk she seemed to careless. I could understand if I had checked in early in the morning, but I checked in 4. plenty of time to clean the room or check to see if someone was still staying here. as for the 5 star reviews they all sound fake to me, and sound like a advertisements. who cares about continental breakfast. I also took my shoes off in my "new room" and it is pretty clean that the floors have not been vacuumed in awhile. It seems to me that there should be a round of firings. maybe some fresh blood will shake things up.
1 These hotels used to be good but lately they really have gone down the drain. We were gold members of these hotel chain. But it has gone down. No maintenance. Managers very rude.  We  went for two nights, the trip was ruined, we were forced to change rooms because  they wanted to repair our room that afternoon, just when we were walking out the door, and the manager would not want to wait, even though the guy that was suppose to do the repairs , told us  they could wait , we were leaving next morning . Though they did not charged us , still we had to cancel the meeting and now  prepare another trip. They changed us to another room, smaller, not the same size, filthy as the one before  and the one night they charged was overcharged. It is really bad, filthy rooms, things not working ,like an air conditioner making noise all night,   unbelievable.  And it has happenned to us in both hotels  they have in Mesa. and in another one they have in Buena Park Ca.  The first time  we went to the  one in Buena Park was great now ,it has also gone down the drain. The only good thing these hotels have is the staff, they are very nice, not the managers though. And if you have a problem , like us , been overcharged on top of   everything, you have to wait till they care to contact you,  you cannot receive inmediate attention from their billing department like in other hotels,  Very bad customer service.  Very bad chain of hotels, gone very bad, stay away from them.
1 Yeap agree with the people here don't be fool by good reviews , this La quinta went down the drain, we stopped staying here last year because everything was awful, and we used to go there often.
4 We came to Arizona for our nephews graduation from Mesa High, I knew nothing about the area and neither did our nephew, so I kinda just went off yelp reviews and hotels.com reviews. I was a little worried after reading a lot of the reviews, but I knew things, it wasn't in the "bad part of Mesa" and it was a good decent price.   We drove from Sacramento, Ca to Arizona in one day and upon arrival the front desk was very friendly and helpful to get us comfortable after the 12 hour drive. We booked the 2 queen bed room because it was cheaper than the single king bed and you know what? It was very spacious! The room had a closet, which you almost never find in a hotel, large bathroom, desk, flat screen TV, I mean really there wasn't much to complain about. I guess our only complaint was that the walls are very thin, our neighbors were there for some kind of celebration and you could hear them running around all day, but other than that the room was great and had comfy beds.   Lastly, the continental breakfast was amazing! Had everything a usual continental breakfast would have, cereal, coffee, juice, pastries, and then it also had waffles, bagels, toast, boiled eggs, and fruit. They had a nice outdoor patio area where I would go and enjoy the cooler Arizona mornings with my coffee. If we ever had to come back we would definitely stay here again.
1 Again I had to stay here because we had a problem in the other La Quinta in Superstition and as I stated before , still bad. Pool did not work. Room not clean, stairs awful very dirty and worn out. I mean bad. There was a big space between the wall and the door and this was a suite.  We are elite members in La Quinta , we stayed in California and we had to go and look for towels, shampoo everything downstairs, the staff was pleasant but the management of this location really does not get it.
4 What a very nice place. All the staff we dealt with were so very friendly. The hotel and room were nice and clean. I would defiantly stay here again
