1 I know a lot of people have had a bad experience with Mediacom, but at first, I was pleased with the service. I live in San Tan Valley and was a loyal customer for years. Of course, I had a nice bundled package and each year there was a bundled package until this year.  In fact, I owned stock in Mediacom and was very pleased to have made some gain from that stock before selling it.   Mediacom wanted to charge me 185/month for cable and internet. I previously paid about 80 amonth. Now, I explained I was a customer for years and they did not care. So, I opted to terminate my service and find other services. I chose Qwest. The internet was faster and 40/month. With the internet, I was able to get Netflix on several televisions for 20/month, thereby reducing my bill and increasing my viewing options!  First, Mediacom told me I needed to be home and made an appointment. Then after staying home,and not getting any visit, I called and they informed me I did not need to be home.   That was only the beginning of the bizarre "service" we encountered.   We do have the option of Qwest, COX and DirectTV here, so I was fortunate.  I wanted to mail the equipment in, but my friend stated she thought it was a better idea to bring the equipment into the store. They recently changed locations and I never had any issues with the previous store.  However, I did not want to venture into AJ.  We arrived at the location and waited in line. I had the items in the shipping boxes and the clerk was helping another customer, looked over at us and said, "You can start unpacking those boxes now".   There was little counter space and I said, "No, I packed these. You can unpack them. That's your job, right?."  So, we stood in line and when it was our turn we approached the counter. Now, keep in mind I had lost one of the back of one of the remote controls but did not think that was an issue as I was returning several boxes and remotes.   She entered the equipment into the system and dropped one of the cable boxes. Then, she gave me the receipt that stated I owed $25 for the remote. I told her to give me back the remote since I was paying for it and I could find the back of the remote control and return it later. She insisted that my service was terminated, the items returned in the system and she didn't know how to reverse the returned item. To which I responded with, "Yes, *I* terminated it."  She then stated that "all this equipment was broken".   The equipment was in fine working order, except maybe the item she dropped. She never tested the equipment, so why would she say that? She was on a power trip or something, this little uneducated clerk. I would venture to say she either needed assistance, medication or both.   At that, I requested that they test the equipment and would see that all was in working order, except maybe the box she dropped.   I requested to speak to a supervisor. She informed me that no supervisor was available.  I said, "Can you call a supervisor?" To that she stated, "I'm about to call the police"  My friend and I were shocked at this statement. I simply asked to get the item returned to me, and when she said she could not manage that in system, I asked if a supervisor could do it.   Now, keep in mind that we were in Apache Junction. I am 1/2 White and 1/2 Asian but look Asian, unlike my children who pass for White.  My friend is African American and White. Her children are Asian, African American and White. So, you see, we were of a diverse ethnic background.   The clerk was Caucasian.  At that point I said, "What?" I was confused and shocked by this statement. We were not rude or warrant any cause for such a statement.  And my friend said, "Excuse me? "We did nothing to prompt this type of reaction. What have we done here that would make you even say such a thing?."  Keep in mind t hat my friend graduated from ASU and I recently completed my Masters Degree in Technology and have a Bachelors in Technical Communications from ASU. We are both educated professionals regardless of the t-shirt, jeans and sweats we were sporting.    So, at that, I said, "Oh, no, that's alright, I'll just call corporate."  I called corporate from my cell. Thank goodness for cell phones!  Here's the "kicker": The clerk then called someone and it seemed that she was then on the phone with her supervisor. She could not call the supervisor for us but she could call to cover herself.   She was not speaking to us but to the supervisor on the phone. She was listening to our conversation and relating the information to the supervisor. When I was on the phone with customer service, I told them that she was so rude that she was on the phone with the supervisor that she refused to call for us.   We left the premises after speaking with corporate who apologized for the clerk's actions.   However, despite the new deals Mediacom offered us, we will never use Mediacom again.
1 I wish there were an option for 0 stars! I have UNFORTUNATELY had the service (if you want to call it that) of Media Com for a little over a month now and it stinks. I just tried making a phone call and of course AGAIN my phone says "connecting". Not a day has gone by where we haven't had a dropped call or tried to make a call and had to wait. The TV channels choices are okay for what we pay and the internet speed is good....when they are working. The price was right that's why I switched service providers ...until next year... ...the year after..... El cheapo here, I wish I would had someone reminding me that you get what you pay for!!! Not that the service will be any better next year when the prices increase I'm sure.ugh Like I said, not a day goes by where we don't get service interruption.
1 We are winter visitors to Queen Valley, AZ. For two years in a row we have attempted to set up a land line and cable TV with Mediacom. Last year the tech never showed up during the installation window so we cancelled. This year their escuse was they had the wrong address - after we confirmed the appointment with their "salesman" twice! You would think the tech would have enough smarts to check at the office to make sure they had the right site number! Their "salesman" also quoted us a price totally different from the one listed on his insert in our RV Park registration package. Suddenly all those specials just disappear when it comes time to set up service!  Too bad we don't have any options as their service doesn't exist!
1 Here we are again - winter visitors dealing with Mediacom. I must admit that the connection for phone and internet was set up without incident but in the last three weeks we have had four service outages, three in the last week. When you phone the 1-855 number, you end up talking to a computer and when you finally reach a person they want your SIN/SSN and Driver's license even though they have the phone number, account number and address (and a reference number on an unresolved issue). We suspect that they sold our phone number/name to telemarketers as we received dozens of calls for carpet cleaning, security systems, "free" cruisers, etc. until the 30-day Do Not Call kicked in. Mediacom has to be the worst service provider that we have ever dealt with - definitely time to find an alternative provider. By the way, their office is on Ironwood - the address given above is about 3 years out of date. Guess they don't want anyone to connect the negative comments with the new office location.
1 This service is terrible. They don't care that you your service doesn't work, just do the minimum to get done with you for the day. Our took 3 techs to figure out the problem over five months and no refunds. The office is closed from 1-2 for lunch with a note on the door but wasn't open when I arrived at 220. Do not use them. And their location address is wrong!!!
