1 We are having our 1st baby. Made an appointment to do the ultrasound to find out the sex of the baby. We made an appointment for the chandler location and were excited to find out the sex. We walk in to find out they made our appointment for their Mesa location. Nothing like rushing on our big day. This place has horrible appointment setters. I will keep you posted if the doctors do too.
1 This place is a cluster. If you enjoy waiting for hours and having your insurance company bilked this is the place to go.  Horrible at educating all they wanted to do is tell us worst case scenario every time we go in.  Ordered tests for no reason. Example- A1c for gdm ( gestational diabetes). Only problem is my wife is anemic and the test would be inaccurate, not to mention she is 36 weeks along and already testing glucose levels. Oh and then it's the all saving gliberide medicine, I bet they forget to tell you the drug manufacture clearly says to stop taking it two weeks before birth or your baby will require NICU care because of extreme hypoglycemia. They want her to take it till she gives birth. This place needs more training or have its license revoked.  Do your research, it's your life and your unborn child's life.  It is sad profits drive this place more than meeting patients needs.  Get second opinions, do research, print it and educate your doctor.
1 I have to agree with a previous reviewer.  This place is a cluster.  My own OB/GYN doesn't even like them, but unfortunately they have cornered the market on high-risk doctors that actual deliver babies.  The doctors may be competent, but unfortunately PPA has poor customer service, and the "right hand never knows what the left hand is doing."  I have tried for almost 2 months now to get one of their genetic counselors to speak with me about faulty test results, but to no avail. (not to mention the fact that they sat on these results for over a week and I had to call them to find out the outcome)  They are just one big chaotic mess.  If you need a high-risk doctor, do yourself and baby a favor and go somewhere else, such as St. Joseph's Hospital.  I could never recommend this place to anyone until they get their act together.
