3 It was somewhat clean and somewhat spacious, but this place was undergoing renovation when we showed up, and it was apparent why.  Is it the Hotel Casa Grande or the Holiday Inn? They don't know. It's going from one to the other or vice versa, with duct tape over some Holiday Inn markers, and others being erected.  Reasonable rates, though. They also have a pool and hot tub.
3 Decent for a Holiday Inn. Apparently they remodeled in 2007 and the grounds were very nice, the rooms extremely clean, the staff friendly and more than helpful. Only stayed 1 night here, but the rates are reasonable and the location is good.  They offer complimentary wireless internet which worked great. The speed was fine and connecting was very easy.
1 Let me start this review off by stating that I only review places I either really love and feel deserve positive praises or places that completely suck and I would not refer my enemies to. With that idea in mind this review is going to be a rant, not a rave- so be forewarned.   If you want the skinny without reading the whole review through here it is: Nice accommodation, less than accommodating hotel staff, decent rooms but with horrible sleeping conditions and bad, bad customer service. All in all I will never, ever, ever be getting back together with this Holiday Inn. If you want the details, press on!  So, I visited this Holiday Inn a few weeks ago for a convention that was being held in Casa Grande (3 day/2 night stay). I didn't choose this hotel, the organization I was with set it up; I've stayed at Holiday Inn's around the country and never had a bad experience before so I was not expecting the train wreck I got (foreshadowing).   At check in everything was great. The lobby was spotless (they were remodeling the floors out front), the outdoor pool area was well stocked and the room appeared clean (I was even impressed that their toiletries were supplied by Bath & Body Works). The issues didn't really arise until that night. When I got settled in for the night and went to lay down I closed my eyes and was unpleasantly woken from a drowsy slumber by a roaring passing train in the night. What no one had mentioned is that there is a train track about 1000ft from the hotel and that trains frequently pass through the night (and by frequently I mean like once every hour or two). The hotel supplies you with ear plugs, for this reason I'm guessing, but a piece of foam in your ears isn't going to stop the polar express from running in the night. I talked to the hotel about it and they were willing to move me to a different room, but lets be honest- an extra 500ft of space away isn't going to make a difference.  The next morning I left to go about my day and when I got  back there was a pre-typed note left on the unmade bed stating that there were too many personal items left on the bed to make it. I look up from my note and see a pair of pants, my daughter's Barbie doll and a hairbrush on the bed. Freaking seriously? I get that touching someone else's DNA is scary but I'd hardly call 3 items a massive inconvenience to move. Puhlease! I've heard better excuses than that from my 6 year old trying to weasel out of making the bed! That was completely obnoxious.   The real coup de grâce was on check out. I received an itemized bill and there's this $17 charge for an in-room movie I'd ordered the morning before. Umm, wait, what? I had been out the whole morning! Plus, why would I spend $17 to rent 'Here Comes the Boom' when I could get it at the Redbox for $2? Maybe the cleaning staff ordered the movie? They sure didn't do much else while they were in the room. I definitely disputed this, let the front desk know that I wasn't even IN the room to order the movie and I actually got argument from the staff about it! They said they'd drop the charge but that it goes through a third party service. By then I was tired and frustrated and I just wanted to get the f out of dodge. Well, I didn't get charged for it then but a few days later I ended up getting billed for it anyway- I called their corporate office and it's still being disputed.  So my experience? Not so good. I seriously wanted to lay the boom down on these guys! Next time I will definitely be more aware of my surroundings before I decide on a hotel and I will likely be staying at least 1000ft away from Holiday Inn's period.
4 great place to stay, we had our wedding here, met our expections perfect. the catering was great, hector and his crew were great.nice staff and ideal place to hold a event or function.
2 I've stayed here a few times. Rooms here are hit or miss. A few have leaky/noisey plumbing, the internet speed varies greatly from room to room, and if you use a microwave they need to be unplugged to keep them from beeping all night. I never even noticed the train, to be honest, so I can't confirm it's apparent overbearing noise.   I personally don't like their breakfast buffet. The food is good, but I prefer a breakfast that I can get quickly and just go to work. Their buffet is more like a sit down restaurant.  I've stayed in almost every hotel in Casa Grande and I have to say that there are better options than the Holiday Inn for cheaper. If you like the brand and can afford it, go to the Holiday Inn Express instead.  Pros: Friendly staff, clean rooms, nice grounds.  Cons: slow internet, faulty appliances.
4 Liked the place a lot. Nice room ( suite ), 140 bucks, clean, everything worked, Internet a bit slow, but that's to be expected. Heated pool, great landscaping, friendly staff. Stayed two days over Thanksgiving. First floor room with patio. Had thanksgiving buffet in their ballroom. Less than 65 bucks for three of us. Turkey, ham, carving station roast beef, everything you could want. Very good.  Would have given 5 stars except that status is reserved, by me, for the truly extraordinary, which this place does not quite rise to.  Swam in the pool...great.  Enjoyed the stay.
3 The hotel was clean, the staff was friendly. The complimentary breakfast was a nice surprise with an array of choices; scrambled eggs, bacon, muffins, fresh fruit, danish's, pancakes and French toast, yogurt, homemade oatmeal, and cereal. I was very pleased with breakfast. I am satisfied with booking this hotel and my stay. The rooms were a bit musty though and you can here the trains going by every now and again.I did feel safe and they have security that walks the grounds at night. I would stay there again if driving through. Remember,  there's not a whole lot of choices in that area to choose from. I feel I made the best choice possible for that area and price reasonability.
3 I've stayed here at least 5 times for business. The hotel is decent but make sure you ask for a room away from the railroad. Otherwise you'll be up all night with freight trains honking horns. Also the restaurant isn't good.
2 The staff gets a 5 out of 5 stars!  Rooms pleasant & clean.  Appreciated the fridge & micro in room. Pool area beautiful & temp comfortable for 70 deg weather.  Didn't like: Pool "mostly" shaded by buildings, gym onsite sucked as most machines busted, housekeepers way too loud 1st thing in morning in halls, Wifi poor, no gift shop to purchase toiletries, coffee was gross.    They did offer free passes to LA Fitness, but it was a few miles away (inconvenient).  If wanting just a clean room it's ok.  We stayed 4 days during vacation so it was disappointing.   Won't return.
1 Probably worst place I have ever stayed in.  Our bathroom light was out the entire time we had our room.  The front desk staff was rude and snappy. Overheard them speaking badly of other guests. The waitress at breakfast had her new born and husband in the booth next to us.  She ignored us, while she was cradling her baby in her arms.  We never got refills. The other few times, the waitress never came up to our table.  I wondered if anyone actually worked there.  We had flown in from Chicago.  That area seemed like a ghost town.  On Sundays ALL the shops are closed!  While trying to use the pool, it took housekeeping an hour to bring over pool towels.  The three times we went to pool.  The bar was always empty and when we did visit it, the bartender was an hour late.  If it hadn't been because of a wedding party, I probably would have looked elsewhere.  There are NO attractions close by, especially on foot.  If you are from Midwest buy bottled water!    If you are just looking for an extremely soft bed where you would sink in.  Feel free to stay here.
1 Checked in while on a business trip and checked out the next day to move to another hotel. Top three complaints, 1) room smelt like mold. 2) the dryer doesn't dry clothes. 3)  sprinklers spray into the parking lot and leaves water spots all over my car. The list if issues here are long and it's not worth it. Just pay the few extra $$ and stay at the holiday inn express down the road.
