2 This dealership plays games. Yes, all dealerships do... but this was beyond what we have ever experienced before. Right before we were  about to walk out the door, they "magically" came up $1000 more for our trade after saying they were all in.  Dean is a little kid with braces trying to do a big boy job. His demeanor is terrible, as well as the way he talks to people. Whoever gave him that position made a terrible business decision. I do not understand how this dealership received the ratings they did on dealerrater.com.  Liz was a nice girl and very hospitable, but the people she works for are horrendous. I assume the people that have been to this dealership have never experienced true customer service and are used to being talked to like dogs and treated like they know nothing about car values. I have been in the auto/finance industry for over 8 years, so I believe I know what I am talking about and looking at. Do yourself a favor and do not waste your time here. You can find a better deal elsewhere with better people to help you.
1 If I could give 0 stars... I would. This place is terrible. Everyone is rude. They play games like no dealership I have ever walked into. Take your trade in, or your money and run to Phoenix as fast as you can! We walked in to see what we could get for a trade in. They wouldn't tell us unless we filled out paperwork to pretend to buy a car. We played along. I told them to not hit my credit because this was our first day car shopping and we wanted a used truck... And just some info on trade in value. Sure enough a week later we get a letter from a bank about the credit loan we just applied for... 20,000 over our budget. To say the least we were very angry. No one will own up to running our credit and no one is willing to talk with us. We will be buying a truck else where and we will be warning all of our friends and people we run into to stay away from Henry Brown!
5 I'd never spent much time in Casa Grande before, but this place is awesome. People are so nice and helpful once you get out of the city and the aggressive mega dealerships.   They had a 2010 Prius with low miles for really cheap. Before I even got there, they answered all my questions and sent me photos quickly.   I will bolt if I feel even a little bit pressured, but setting an appointment and then actually being there was really low-key and easy. Everyone I met was helpful without being pushy, and I could tell that they liked working together... It had a good vibe.   There were no surprises with any fees or the condition of the car, and they were able to finance me for less than my credit union.   I didn't see any of the games older reviews have mentioned... They're under new management as of sometime during summer 2013.  The people I worked with were all genuinely nice and friendly.   I've already recommended this place to my friends, in spite of (or because of?) it being a little out of the way.
