2 Careful, everything you feared about dentists are true with this one. I have come in twice with these folks, and both experiences were not great.  First time I went in, it was somewhat OK experience, the assistant was nice and friendly, but however I felt he was still training as he probably dosed me with enough radiation that I had to look up the effects from Chernobyl from so many x-rays due to mistakes.  Next the cleaning was really quick, and they did not floss my teeth. Finally the dentist arrived. he was very friendly. took a quick view of my teeth and then moved on to a slide show to show me the problems. Obviously I felt like this was  a sales pitch to try and upgrade to super human teeth to chew through metal, or maybe it was a scare me straight tactic, either way I felt uncomfortable and a waste of my time as I don't know what I'm looking at or if that is normal at my age, so blah.   Anyways I spent total of 5 minutes with him and hes gone, got my goodie bag and left.   The second time I fear was my complete undoing of the place. Different assistant, felt like she had waaaaaay less training as well  this time more painful. She really dug in, and hooked my gums, I clinched in pain and she asked what kind of pain it was, i said acute pain. She said that was a cavity, i know she was wrong cause it was on the side of my gum that she stabbed not my tooth, i can tell the difference in pain. She did this a few other times, I really wanted to just get up and leave at that point and finally the pain was over.   Finally the dentist came in, same sales pitch less time may 3 minutes. On the way out the staff was somewhat rude after payment.  Final conclusion: This is the first time I am actually scared to go back to them. I will spend the extra money to go out of network to see any of my older dentists.
5 I changed to Dr. Taylor because a coworker recommended him and I was greatly impressed.  I was actually avoiding the dentist because my previous dentist and his staff were like a used car salesmen.  Every time I was there they were always trying to sell me another thing and finding something wrong with my teeth.   When I went to Dr. Taylor he was very friendly and understanding to my concerns.  His staff was more like a family than a staff.  After a year of visits I expressed my concerns about my son, who was seeing a local pediatric dentist.  Dr Taylor asked if he could take a look at him 'free of charge.'  Dr. Taylor took panoramic x-rays and did a small exam on him.  Then, on his day off called me to let me know the results and some ideas he had for my son. I then told another coworker about Dr. Taylor and now her and her elderly parents are very pleased to be part of this family of dentists.
1 This dentist is the dentist my husband's family has gone to for ages.  My husband started having a problem with an abscess in the gum above one of his front teeth.  We didn't have insurance at the time and we went to see Dr. Taylor.  Big mistake.  They charged us over $1000 for a deep root cleaning plus we had to pay for the antibiotics at a pharmacy.  They told us this would fix the problem.  Last I checked an abscessed tooth required a root canal.  Not in Dr. Taylor's world.  Of course this did not fix the problem as they said it would and the problem persisted and they wanted my husband to come in for a "hygiene visit".  Really?  They were obviously milking us being self-pay for all they could.  Also, during the deep root cleaning, the hygienist broke off a piece of his tooth or a piece of hard plaque and let it fall into my husbands gum.  He was in a lot of pain and told them that he could feel something in his gum and they laughed it off.  It finally became so painful my husband dug into his own gum and found the hard chip and dug it out himself and had instant relief.  We decided to add the dental insurance after this experience to protect us what we could be charged by a dentist.  We have found a really good dentist in Parker, AZ where my husband's company has a job going and they are doing his xrays, exam and root canal all on the same day.  It's only going to cost us around $500 and that included the crown and everything due to our insurance.   When I told the new dentist's receptionist what had happened and what is going on with my husband, she even said he needs a root canal.  So, we are finally getting it fixed right, like it should have been by his childhood dentist.  They do not care about the patients at all at this office and they don't check it out if you are in pain or need a root canal.  I strongly recommend not using this dentist.  They are a joke.
5 I have to say I was thoroughly impressed with Dr. Kerry and his dental practice. He has a beautiful office, that's right off the 101 Hwy on Warner road. I was greeted with friendly smiles, and a very happy front desk person, Raydine.  Going to the dentist can be scary and no fun, but this office removes all your fears. I highly recommend them.
5 I have been a patient for almost 20 years!  Dr Taylor and his staff are experts in their respective fields.  He is gentle and thorough.  I don't hesitate to recommend Chandler Dental Excellence to anyone.  I take my kids and husband there, also.  My 5 year old feels right at home.  I will not go anyplace else!
5 I have been a patient at the office for many years , I use to live in Mesa, az. I now live in Florida and I fly out at least once a year to come see visit family and to see my favorite dentist, he is painless and makes sure you know what he is doing.  The girls at the office are great, I just love Amy and Cindy.
5 Our whole family has been receiving dental care from Dr. Taylor for over 25 years.  He has always been fair and honest.  He is not inclined to recommend treatment that he would not provide for his own family.  He is more conservative than many which helps our family keep dental costs down.  The office staff are kind, extremely knowledgeable and skilled.  The atmosphere is very friendly and makes you feel very welcome.  Dr. Taylor and staff have always made my husband and I feel as though our dental health is their primary concern.
5 I needed to find a new dentist down here so I turned to my fellow Yelpers to help out. I sure am glad you guys are here because Dr. Taylor is awesome. I had to get a bunch of x-rays that they made as painless as possible. The cleaning was rough but that was my own fault for not flossing daily... tisk tisk I know. He came in and had great chairside manners and was very personable.   Most dentists office try to sell you on anything and everything they can. Not here. Anything that would be helpful they just mentioned, but did not push at all. They offer a really good toothbrush for $26 dollars, that specific one is more expensive at Target! They said they sell them for what they pay for them, that shows they truly do care about their clients health and not just hoping them come back with something that's a big money maker.
5 Just got home from here, hands down nicest dentist I've ever been to. Office was great, super friendly staff. I love the new xray thing that doesn't envolve your mouth being pried open! My hygienist was fantastic and the doctor was wonderful. He came in great attitude, made some jokes and was very professional. I'm happy to have been referred to this office and look forward to continuing my dental care here!
5 I just went back for my six month cleaning and I still give them five stars. The staff are all extremely friendly, I had a billing question that was fixed immediately, and was able to get in the next day to get a filling on a cracked tooth. Normally next day wouldn't be too big of a deal, but when it's the last day he will be working out of the year(with Christmas and New Years) them fitting me in saved me having to pay my 50 dollar deductible next year. Best dentist office around.
