4 This one is in Chandler mall.  Second floor above Wildflower Bakery.  One very nice thing about Lenscrafters is that they will adjust your glasses for you free.  Their frame selection is a little limited, but they do have some nice choices.  They accept several different insurances, or if you don't have insurance you can use AAA.  Plus they have specials from time to time.  And they do stand behind their work.  If you have a problem within the first few weeks (90 days, I think), they will make it right.  Even if that means new lenses.  We usually come here for our glasses.
1 Went there to get a quote on lens for a pair of frames I had. What a waste of time. I was told to sign in and did and waited like everyone else. (20 min)  One of the sales people finished with a customer and went over to the person closest to her and asked what she could do to help. She never went to the list. When I told them I had been waiting quite some time and was next on the list, (politely) they asked what I was there for And in told them. They had me get a seat and I waited another 10 minutes while they help another one that came in after me. I politely got up and left. I am a small business owner and always treat my clients with respect and dignity. Not the case with Lens Crafters. Yes they advertise glasses in an hour, but that's a bunch of crap. I will never step foot in that place again
3 My last review is a bit old, and I still come here, so I figured I should update.  I had to drop a star.  Our past several stops here we've noticed that they are ALWAYS short-handed.  If there are three people waiting, there seems to be one person on the floor (who has to handle adjustments, folks getting new glasses, or whatever).  If there are five people waiting there are two people helping.  This time they were particularly full -maybe 10 people- and only two seemed to be working the floor.  I swear to you it didn't used to be that bad.  I can remember seeing all four of their stations busy helping customers.  Not anymore.  Makes for long waits and a lot of "I'll be right with you".  The staff appears to be doing their best, but they're just perpetually understaffed lately.  The frame selection also seems to have declined a bit.  They still have the same number of frames on display (as near as I can tell), but many are so similar as to be basically the same as many others.  Not a lot of variety to the look of the frames now.  While I was happy they brought Armani back (they make good frames...pricey, but good), the selection was extremely limited.  I liked one, but it was only the one size (too big for me).  Disappointing.  Their fitting system is pretty high-tech now, using special markers attached to the frames to get the relevant measurements to grind your glasses for you.  And they can take several images of you wearing different frames so you can compare side-by-side.  That's nice.  They do seem to stand behind their work, though they have tightened up their policies.  But we have had very little trouble here, and on one occasion the manager personally handled it for us.  He's not there all the time, but when he is there he is a take-charge guy who appears to want to have happy customers.
2 Pros 1. Nice glass selection - unlike Visionworks - they cary high fashion frames like Prada, Burberry, Versace, Polo, Gucci and Ray Ban 2. Very organized in their process. They provide you with a lens case, where you select 4-5 frames. You try them on and they take a picture of you with all of them on.  3. Fast- Their glasses are done in about an hour like they advertise  Cons 1. Very salesy and they push for features that drive up the cost of the glasses. 2. Insurance plan only covers the cheap lenses. The lenses that you want are very expensive and usually over a $100 by themselves not including the frames 3. They push for a $35 service fee that is unnecessary in my opinion. It's similar to car rental companies charging for insurance when you already have coverage thru your insurance 4. Understaffed - we had to wait a long time before someone helped us. 5. They will push for you to buy a second pair of glasses for 40% off to suggest you are getting a deal when in reality the glasses are so marked up that 40% off $300 glasses isn't really a deal.  Bottomline- can be okay but just be prepared for the upselling. You don't need antireflective coating and other special lenses that your insurance plan doesn't cover. You don't need the repair plan.  You don't need a second pair of glasses. Be prepared to walk away.
5 The level of service I received is second to none.   I received a great eye exam from Dr Patel, very thorough and I love my contact lenses.    There was a great selection of glasses to choose from.  The salesperson was very knowledgeable and friendly.   She took pictures with her ipad and emailed them to me so I could ask my wife which frame was the best,  very cool.     Best eyeglass experience by far.
2 Setting: dust.  Disarray.  Tall blond woman going out of her way to be unhelpful.  Mood: grumpy as you will be wiping off dirty, dusty glasses on your once-black, now-dusty brown clothing.  Toni is the reason this isn't a 1-star review.  After we sought help NOT from the blond woman, we found Toni. She was very cordial, helpful and apologetic for the absolute mess they are in with their renovation.  Unfortunately, due to her or the person who actually made my lenses, the lenses were totally ruined and anyone looking through them sees up to 3 reflections per light that are viewable.  A complete waste of 3 hours of my life selecting frames, waiting for them to be created, and then returning them (and even more fun, waiting for/hoping my insurance is credited back so I can get some glasses elsewhere that actually allow me to see).
