4 Located inside of Legend Cleaners is Kathy's Alteration's, this review is for her as I have never had my clothes laundered here.  I took a bride's maid dress, a cocktail dress and a few pair of pants to Kathy last week. I was immediately impressed that she had been in business for 27+ years and she knew exactly what she was doing.  She really went above and beyond when I asked her if there was any way she could fix the cocktail dress for me that day. Same day repairs are hard to do, but she was able to wave her magic wand and I picked the dress up later that day.  She did an excellent job with the bride's maid dress and both pairs of jeans. She works fast, knows her stuff and is very reasonably priced.  My only complaint is that she wanted to be paid in cash or check, they really should tell you that when you make the appointment.. Who still carries checks?
5 Kathy was amazing. She did a wonderful job with my wedding dress. She took it up a few inches, made the bustling for the back and also took off a whole bunch of beads and crystals that would have thrashed the inside of my biceps if she had not noticed and know it might do that.  She is experienced, reasonably priced and super nice. She's also a very busy lady, so it's not recommended to call last minute.
1 This dry cleaner may be the least professional, and poorly managed of any that I have ever been to. I have had atleast 3 bad experiences including poor/no pressing on dry cleaned items, items being returned without being cleaned, however, this last experience put a nail in the coffin. I took one of my favorite work dresses here to be routinely dry cleaned (they had cleaned it 3 previous times without a major issue), and it was returned to me COMPLETELY ruined. It had black ink ran all over the dress, even so much that it was on the tag they attached to it. I returned it to them, told that "it happens sometimes", and then told I would be compensated. It has been over a week, and still no call from the manager with a resolution, or time frame for reimbursement. Its clear that in this circumstance you get what you pay for!
1 This place has really gone downhill fast. I have been going here for years, and really not paid attention to the competitors. They used to be called 1.00 cleaners. And at that price, I wasn't picky at all. Now? Not only have their prices soared, and force you to join their "club" for implied coupons, etc...  Well, I haven't received one coupon yet, and lastly, even Tide cleaners is now less expensive on laundry, and they do a great job. So my review is, DON'T waste your money at legend cleaners. The free bottle of 11 cent water does not make the difference.
