5 I've lived here for nearly 5 years and I love it. The staff is great, and every time I've had an issue it's been addressed promptly and professionally. I've never had issues with any of the hardware (the one exception being the garbage disposal stopped working because I went out of town and it hadn't been used in a long time - but maintenance came and fixed it in a jiffy, and I haven't had a problem since). I love all the custom options that are available to make it feel more like home - the accent walls make it a great change from the normal beige-beige-beige of apartment living. I'm a little sad to be leaving, but it's time to move on from apartment life!
4 lived here for 1 year a while back and enjoyed it.  i liked the attached garages and custom options like paint color in the living room.  staff was average when it came to customer service.  good location down the road from chandler mall and the freeways.  felt safe in the gated community.
3 Currently living here now. Great spot to be. Close to down town chandler which is awesome. Mins away from the 101 and 2 miles away from the 202. Apartment is very nice. Our oven broke back in march and it got fixed in october I wasn't very happy it only got fixed because our dryer broke and they came in 4 days for that. So far other then that no complaints.
5 I moved into the greens about a month ago. I was a bit skeptical before moving in as I wasn't able to physically see the unit I was moving into. Though I was a bit afraid it wouldn't be as nice as the vacant unit I saw due to experiences with other complexes, I was very impressed!  The greens feels more like a home than an apartment. The units have character, beautiful flooring, solid construction, and huge windows and ceilings. I can't even tell that I have neighbors...I don't hear anything from them which is awesome.   The whole leasing process was pretty easy and everyone I worked with in the leasing office was fantastic. They also close the gates at 7 and it is somewhat of a high tech gate system so people don't just remember some code from years ago. It's very quiet no matter what time of day. Highly recommend living here!
1 Not impressed! Scheduled an emergency maintenance order; nothing happened after waiting 24 hours for it! Called reschedule- nothing! Asked couple things to be repaired when I moved in (like a whole in the door) and that never got fixed.  Pool was messy and had a broken hot tub! Grills outside were broken as well.Not good quality apartments but the only good thing about it is location.
1 If I could, I would give it 0 stars. Finally I am about to move out of this place next month and I couldn't be happier. The second story floor plan is horrible. You spend all your money trying to cool down the indoor stairway during the summer. There is one tiny vent in the living room that is supposed to cool down/heat up the entire dining room, living room and the giant stairway.   You can't sleep at night because the traffic outside is so loud. I have never been to the pool area and been able to use a working hot tub. Thank goodness my dad lived at a Mark Taylor apartment down the street - their hot tub was always nice and hot!! The pool is just blah - I mean there is water in it but it is nothing to write home about. The staff in the leasing office seems like they are so accommodating, but that just isn't the case. Don't bother trying to call them because you will have to call 10 times to get someone to answer. You will think they are being so nice and friendly, and then the next thing you know they are making you feel like an idiot somehow. Good luck trying to get them to compromise on anything for you. They will just suck as muccchhhh money out of you as possible.   This apartment complex just sucks. The appliances: terrible and so old. The grounds look terrible. The lighting outside - barely there. You don't feel very safe walking to your door from your car.   Just trust me - I have been here a year thinking it would get better. I have been in plenty of apartments in different areas thinking Chandler would be worth it. But it isn't. It's. the. WORST.
1 I just want to warn everyone who might be renting at The Greens to READ YOUR LEASE as if you do not give a 60 day notice if you do not intend to renew your lease these people will charge you a huge chunk of money!!!   They will NOT work with you, listen to you, empathize with you, as it's all about the money and the fact that you did not read your lease.....they could care less.   They forced my daughter into signing her lease over email, did not ever sit down and review it with her and even though she gave them at least 45 days notice that she would not be renewing her lease, they could have cared less.  Just so you know.... you MUST give a 60 days notice or you are you know what out of luck!   Pretty poor!
