5 24 hour pharmacy!!  Super fast service!
2 These ppl just like the other one down the road,  running a 3ring circus. They couldn't find my son when transferring a prescription, so they made a new profile...and gave him a new name. Then, when we went to get the rx, they couldn't find it. Why? because they had it under his new (female, now) name. !!!???  When they finally got that fixed, they handed me 1 inhaler. Trouble is, the original rx from the other pharmacy was for 3 inhalers. They screwed the transfer up, too, and put it in as 1! That had to be fixed.   Another time I went in, was waiting in a long line inside to get some sudafed, and some dude walks up to another slot and starts demanding attention. The pharmacist dropped what he was doing for the first ppl in line and took care of the guy, all the way thru to ringing him up! ?? It was Christmas Eve. We were all thrilled in the line, I gotta tell you.  Then, went back again for more inhalers---told the girl my son's name and date of birth. Told her we wanted a refill, for 3 inhalers. Some guy in there was making jokes at her and she apparently can't chew gum and walk, as she fumbled w/ the computer for a while and finally said, what was the patient's name, Maria? Date of birth?  Finally, she said, ready in 2 hours. Ok. Went back in 2 hours and 40 minutes, and the inhalers still weren't done! The tech was unruffled--he's a really good tech, great w/ customer service, but by this time, w/ all the bad things I have had happen to me at both this one and the CVS down the road, I was in no mood to be jovial. Guess how many inhalers they gave me after I had to come back in another 15 min?  Yup---1. I said, um, you're missing 2. Perplexed, he took it back to the pharmacist. They fixed it. They really need more help, and better help, if you ask me.
3 Was headed out for a girls day out with my besty and we had to stop at a drugstore for some color remover wipes, and while traveling west on warner coming up to Dobson making a right hand turn seemed wise, as it appears there is a Walgreens directly across from this CVS but that was a left hand turn and it was out of our way , guess it's a battle of the drug stores on this corner haha. Ever since I was little and went with my grandpa to the local drug store, I kinda have been fascinated by them, I just think its cool that you can find anything and everything you can think of in a drug store, you want booze, they got it, you want band aids, look no further, you want soda, open the cooler, need nail polish goto aisle 1, want to change your hair of color or need a walking cane, it's all here!   We went in and it wasn't very crowded, we find the color remover wipes made our way up the cashier, I was checking into Yelp at this time and the cashier was eye ballin me funny, I was thinking what you never seen anyone check into Yelp before??haha Also it's a helpful to know where the 24 hour pharmacy is located at in case ya ever need it! CVS is a good neighborhood pharmacy store, I am sure I will be back.
3 When you're at the corner of "Having surgery in 48 hours, need this RX filled!" and "We can't because of our new "Everyone is automatically suspected to be a prescription smack addict" policy!", you go to said pharmacy's competitor, CVS, right across the street.   Haven't shopped much at CVS since I lived in Georgia and Texas. They're pricey on basic personal care items (think soap, deodorant, tampons) than their competitor, and even grocery chains.   Pharmacy technician was accommodating. She collected all of my information, the prescription, and said it could be ready that same night. Two hours later, Dude and I come back from a dinner date at the Biltmore and were able to pick it up.   No harassment. No worries about not having pain medication available after surgery. Mission accomplished!   Hopefully won't be needing narcotics anytime soon, but if I do, I'm going straight here to avoid the runaround.   Thank you, CVS!
4 I rarely go to CVSs because they aren't my pharmacy and I tend to do shopping for shampoo, toothpaste, etc at Target.  But this location has an Allpoint ATM, is near my house, and on my way home from work!  So I stop in a couple times a month for cash, and I've gotten some great deals while in there.  Yesterday was 2 of those big cans of AZ iced tea for a buck.    Scan your CVS card for coupons on your way in, you never know what it'll spit out.  One of those coupons helped me get 10% off my purchase of already on-sale items... nice!  I've never seen this place busy, and I'm not sure if more than one person even works at a time (outside the pharmacy).  But that single cashier is always friendly, says hello, and is overall very pleasant while I'm inside... even if I only go as far as the ATM.
1 The amount of time you have to wait for assistance at the pharmacy is ridiculous. You would think that if there was a line in the drop off section the folks in the pick up section would float over and help.  Nope.  Wouldn't be here if it wasn't for insurance dropping Walgreens. 20+ minutes and still waiting.    If your ins. Carries walgreens, there's an excellent one across the street.  Go there instead
