3 Ok, so on a road trip, late January 2009 my wife and I got here around 2AM and needed to crash.  The price was a bit high for arriving so late ($80) but hey, the room was clean, property was well kept and fairly new looking.  they were really inflexible with the checkout (they refused a late checkout) but otherwise, it was a nice enough place.  If you see my review on Ramada in Bakersfield you will understand why I would stay here again - familiarity of a clean, nice place makes a little inflexibility easier to deal with when you stay somewhere sub-par!
4 We were traveling at Christmastime two nights ago and needed to stop for the night. We pulled in here after phoning the Holiday Inn Express up the road which was $99/night.  The Best Western was offering a rate of $68 and with AAA discount, $62, so I was delighted.  The room was nice and clean, the bed very comfortable, and they offer the usual complimentary breakfast....nothing fancy but just fine.  They do offer fresh fruit which many places don't.  We had a very restful night and were back on the road the next morning.  They don't accept pets, so that's the only drawback if you travel with yours.
4 We have stayed at this place several times while visiting family. With AAA the room is $62 bucks. The room itself was clean, had a microwave and a mini fridge. The bathrooms are a nice size too. The king size bed was super comfortable. The only downfall was the dead beetle on the bathroom.
3 My wife and I stayed here after Thanksgiving, on our way back to California. We accidentally left an expensive digital camera in the room but didn't notice it missing until we got home. I called and they informed me that they had found it but they couldn't discuss it with me since the room was rented in my wife's name. Strike 1 My wife called and asked them to return the camera to us either Fedex or UPS using our credit card information. She was informed that they would take it to the post office, have it wrapped there and sent to us C.O.D. They never did this. Strike 2. After two weeks or so my wife called again, and they informed her that the camera had been put away and they couldn't find it.  Bottom line: Don't leave anything behind. You won't see it again.  P.S. The room was comfortable and the price was good. It's unfortunate that the post-stay experience left a sour taste in our mouth.
3 Great rates, friendly staff, clean room, spacious bathroom!  A bit noisy when folks arrived late at night and from the train horn in the morning and the bed is a bit too soft for my tastes.  I'd stay again if needed.
5 Very nice hotel , the front desk guy very friendly , I was able to get a room on the same day paying less than 70 dollars , our room was very clean
