5 Just had my colon scoped by Dr. Patel at SE Valley Gastroenterology.  This guy made the Phoenix Magazine "Top Doctors" list this year, and was the only gastro south of Scottsdale on the list.  The entire process was great.  Very friendly, professional staff, relatively easy prep the night before, and completely painless procedure with a good briefing at the end to me and the Zombie Girl.  Awesome doctor, awesome facility, great people all-around.  Brak's coveted 5-star recommendation!  Get your rotorooter job done today, especially if you're 50 or in a high-risk group.
5 The new address is 875 South Dobson Road Chandler AZ 85224. On the south east corner of Pecos and Dobson. Amazing Doctors and office staff, I highly recommend to family and friends! 5 MD's 2 PA's & 1 NP. A++++++
5 Dr Sandee Patel is OUTSTANDING! One of the best doctors that I have ever had.
5 If you are in need of an awesome GI doctor, look no further!  Dr. Bracher is simply fantastic and so is the whole team.  I was from CA and in very dire need of a GI doctor and as if the Heavens opened, I stumbled upon Dr. Bracher.  The whole staff there has been just wonderful no matter if it was for scheduling a procedure or a simple appointment.  Takes a little while for calls to be returned,(up to 24 hrs) but these days this isn't so uncommon.  I have yet to find anyone else in the medical field who listens the way Dr. Bracher does and he always makes sure all of my questions are answered.  Definitely would recommend this facility and Dr. Bracher to anyone!
4 I had an upper endoscopy done a few days ago, and was very nervous since it was the first time that I was going to be sedated in a doctor's office. The only complaint I have is that my appointment was set for the afternoon and I ended up waiting 2.5 hours long, in which the receptionist had first said the doctors were an hour late (due to other appointments running over), but when I started checking in on what was taking so long after the second hour of wait, she said that they were 2 hours late.. Um, really? Did she just plan to keep telling me by the hour what I already knew? I had to have a friend with me since the procedure requires an escort to drive you home afterwards, but we almost left, until conveniently a minute later, I was finally called. Ended up waiting 2.5 hours for a set appointment. Very frustrating start.   Dr. Mannish and the back end of the staff were much quicker, and were professional and nice, making sure I was comfortable at all times. The anesthesiologist and assistant were very patient and explained everything that was going to happen, and the staff in the recovery room were very kind and made sure my friend would be able to take care of me when I was leaving.   Would bump it up to 5 stars if the wait was not that long, and suggest that if they can predict it becoming a longer wait, to call the patient in advance to let them know, if possible. I have never seen so many frustrated patients waiting in one room.
5 Had the best experience here within a doctors office these past 6 months!! This was finally the first doctor office were i felt herd and comforted. I usually see Dr. Yaten patel but when i made the appt he was all booked so got scheduled with Jennifer Spohn. She was phenomenal! Very friendly and reminded me of my aunt in this field.  I recommend her if dr patel is all booked. Thank you so much for helping me figure out whats wrong with my health!
