4 Tasty steakhouse.  There's a coupon in the weekly junkmail bundle round here that makes this more affordable.
4 I did go mainly because the coupon I got by mail. The coupon served it purpose!   Starting from dark warm bread (YES), then to the appetizer (we had the home made potato chips) and finally to our main course. I ordered the prime rib eye with salad and cream spinach. The taste was good, not covered with annoying sauces or similar. To finish we had the desert included, but we had to take that home as it was too much.   It is not that cheap for students budget, but once in a while it is good to have a good steak.
4 Went here for my mother-in-law's birthday a few days ago.  Had a great experience overall.  Called ahead and made the reservation for 5 people at 7pm.  Clearly I didn't need one.  We got there and the place was dead.  Service was good, attentive, although she could have been just a bit more "happy".    I ordered a dirty martini to drink (very good) and the grilled chicken breast entree for dinner.  Had a side salad with ranch - fresh and chilled, it was great.  Had steamed broccoli with the chicken which was absolutely awesome (as awesome as steamed broccoli can be) but I wish there was more than the 3 or 4 pieces I got.  Seriously - my plate looked really sad with just a couple pieces of broccoli, while everyone else's plates were overflowing with mashed potatoes or huge double baked potatoes.  Guess that's what I get for trying to eat healthy.  The chicken breast was tender and juicy - yum.  I ate every single last bite.  For dessert they brought out the chocolate chip cookie and ice cream (on the house for the birthday girl) and it was SO good.  I would eat healthy every meal if it meant I could finish with a dessert like that.  Mmm.  Definitely 2 thumbs up.
1 SAVE YOURSELF!!  Don't be lured in by the coupon you received!!  Truly awful steaks! Bad cuts, bad cooking! Why did my steak taste like fuel?! Why couldn't I cut it with my knife?!  Was that green thing with the oily white stuff a salad?
3 Went here for dinner a couple of weeks ago.  The Friday night (6pm) we visited, the place was pretty empty.    Anyhow, we used one of those coupons we got through the mail, in which we can get a complete meal for two for $38.  Since there were four of us, the waitress said we can apply the coupon for two complete meals; fine by us!  With the coupon, we got: * Jumbo Prawn Cocktail ($9.99); the prawns were cooked and chilled just right and the cocktail sauce had quite a kick to it (very good)  * Wagon Wheel Sampler Platter ($12.99); the only things I liked off this platter were the shrimp cocktail and buffalo chicken tenders  * Three orders of 1/2 Pound Cut Prime Rib ($17.99 each); I ordered mine medium rare, and it was juicy and cooked perfectly  * Top Sirloin , Center Cut ($16.99); my sister ordered hers medium well and felt it was overcooked  * Two orders of Big Mountain Chocolate Fudge Cake ($5.99 each); the actual cake tasted cold, like it was a few days old, but once we poured the chocolate sauce on it, the dessert tasted better.    If we didn't have the coupon, the above listed items would total $105.92.  With the coupon, the total was $76 (a discount of $29.92)...not too shabby.    I also ordered "The Gold Strike Margarita", which was delicious!    Our bill (pretax) came to $97.01, so I felt we got a pretty good deal.  Oh yeah, our waitress was really sweet and attentive...and didn't treat us any different because we used the coupon.  ;-P
1 when i worked in retail my paycheck was spent before i got paid. therefore, i relied heavily on coupons and splitting meals w all of my other poor college friends.  well, i hit the jackpot. $15 coupon for a FEAST. the picture on the coupon showed everything we would get: a huge steak, shrimp, and lobster PLUS 2 sides. there were 3 of us- this was PLENTY.   it was prom night too so we were initally fooled with how popular it was. popular for prom girls with light up clear shoes (not even lying), if that says anything about the crowd for you...  our waitress stops by our booth and just stares at us. one of my friend kinda looks around at me and our other friend, then back at the waitress. 'ill have a diet coke?'  then our waitress writes it down and doesn't say anything but looks at my other friend.  i lost it and started laughing. why isn't she talking to us? this is so weird.   we ended up asking for a different waitress, then found out the coupon was a big fat liar. you didn't get all of that. it just says you do but you don't. the food ended up being nasty. probably one of the worst meals ive ever had.   as we're leaving susy talks a lot waitress trips over my friend and it was all too awkward bc i couldn't control laughing.   awful food, awful service, AND the bathrooms were some of the grossest i had ever been in.   if wal-mart ran a restaurant, this would be it.
2 So, I took the family here for my birthday dinner with with the expectation of a decent steak and contentment all around.  Now, it's been years since I last experienced a Black Angus and I remember that experience being rather decent, return-worthy even.  As mentioned in a previous review - the place was kind of a ghostown, albeit a Sunday night, but still.  The staff was nice enough, and since it was my birthday I had gotten an email with a buy one get one free deal.  Well, I forgot the email and with and iPhone in my pocket I hoped I would be able to show them the email and they'd honor it - no such luck - the waiter stated something about corporate policy requiring that email on paper - this is not Seth Godin in action.  My wife and I both ordered the Ribeye as part of the $50 for 2 meal with an appetizer and two sides each, one desert to split.  The kiddos each order the mac and cheese (Kraft, out of the box, $6, reallY!?!)  The zucchini appetizer was decent enough - even the kids ate a piece each - and plenty to share.  The steaks sucked - I've had better steak from room service that cost the same.  Rather dry, not very well seasoned - the only thing going for them was that I was hungry!  As a token of good faith - the waiter offered up a second desert for free in lieu of my birthday email offer - let's see - a $5 desert in place of a $25 meal - nice try - FAIL!  So it became obvious after the fact that there was a reason this place was a ghostown - regardless of the Sunday night or not - We will not be returning to Stuart Anderson's - probably ever.
5 I have eaten here about 5 to 7 years ago, and was not impressed. I recently wanted a steak and our usual place was closed, it was about 9:30 pm. It was pretty empty, as a matter of fact, everytime we go it's usually empty. But better for us. I always order the filet mignon steak, medium. Everytime, it's perfection. It's always done just to my liking and its still juicy and very tender. Not chewy and hard like other places. The broccolli is to die for, they serve it steamed with parmesean cheese on it. Yum. I haven't ever tried anything else on the menu, (why go to a steak place and not order steak? duh.) but I do always make sure to order the mud pie dessert. I get it to go, the portion is so big I eat a little then take it home and can eat the rest of it a couple days later. They always have coupons floatig around, but even without one, this place is still an affordable steak restraunt.
1 I had eaten here a couple years ago and it was decent food and service. I think the place has gone downhill. When you walk into a place that is empty I'm a Friday night, be afraid. Prime rib was way overcooked and fatty. Veggies were mushy. I was wearing nice jeans and a blouse and I felt overdressed compared to other patrons.  We won't be back.
4 Contrary to the other reviews, there was a crowd waiting at the door at noon. Despite this, we were seated promptly.   We initially chose this restaurant because of a coupon in the newspaper. We got 1/2 pound prime rib, a dozen shrimp and 2 sides (I chose the garden salad very crisp and garlic mash). The food was satisfactory, but wasn't worth any more than the coupon price. They have a great selection of draft beers (I had the Sam Adams Boston Lager). I would recommend this restaurant to my friends.
1 I am trying to like Black Angus because I love steak and their sweet potato fries are delicious - when dining in... but every single to go order I've placed in the past year and a half has been a failure. I would give them 0 stars if I could.  1. Their steak is either overcooked (one time it was burnt!!!) or way undercooked. Last week I ordered a medium and a medium rare and they both came rare!!!  2. Their fillet mignion is nothing but cartilage and fat... I guess that's what I get for ordering their $15 fillet mignion special... I can't believe they even have the gutts to call it steak!!!  3. If you order sweet potato fries as part of your to go order, more often than not you will get their left overs - burnt, bits and pieces of sweet potatoes. Unacceptable! 4. Their lobster is like rubber. 5. Several times they did not add bread to my order because they ran out... how about trying to make it up to me? Isn't complimentary bread included in the overall cost of the food?! 6. Stay away from their side caesar salad! It's whilted.   I would never place a to go order with Black Angus - they take advantage of the fact that you can't check what they pack up for you and then charge you up for premium steak dinner! Save your money and go to The Keg or Firebird's. They are a little pricier but the food is top notch. Given that my to go experience with Black Angus has been so disappointing, I will definitely not dine in there again either. Their dining experience has not been much better in terms of food quality, and the last time we went there we were left standing for 10 minutes before anyone even ackowledged us.
1 My family and I ate here for our grandfathers birthday. Figured we could try it since he loves steakhouses. We made a reservation but it really wasn't needed...this place was not busy at all, especially for 630pm on a Saturday night.  First we got off on the wrong foot because we asked to be seated at a larger table (6 people and 1 baby). The hostess said no because they save it for large groups (it had 8 chairs).  Ok everything was fine after but the food took forever! The margarita I ordered was poorly made. We did accidentally spilt a glass of water and they brought napkins promptly. But after cleaning up the water with the white napkin I realized the table was discustingly dirty...like black dirty.   The food was not that bad but the chicken from the kids meal kind of tasted like there was a hint of metal. Yeah it was gross...like McDonald's chicken is better.  Probably won't return. Even with a good coupon this place was not worth it.   Cmon black Angus step it up!
4 I have lived in AZ for 20+ years and have never tried this place...Ok I admit it!!! My friend and I really liked it . We shared the dinner for two. Our appetizer of choice was the zucchini. It's battered in a light Panco breadcrumb. The crispness and crunch was great and I LOVE the fact that it was not a greasy soggy mess. It is served with a fresh, light cucumber sauce which complements the veggie very well.  I had the filet with blue cheese and chose garlic mashed potatoes along with green beans. The filet was cooked just as I ordered. The steak was melt in your mouth tender. The potatoes were fresh with small chunks and lots of garlic. The green beans are crisp. My guess is the chef blanches them, ice water bathes them. They are kissed on the grill for flavor just before serving. Just perfect!  My guest had the New York with green beans and onion rings and was equally pleased!  The dessert was a shared piece of chocolate cake. The cake was moist and very rich.   The decor was a little dated and could use a modern twist! The bar was beautiful and had many customers. I liked the booth height. It kept the noise down and made it private.  Our server was Shannon. Our drinks were NEVER empty. She was pleasant and knew the menu well. She made our first experience a great one! We both plan on returning. A great value for the money!  http://spoonfulpersuasion.blogspot.com/
1 My daughter went here and ordered the sampler platter and is highly allergic to shrimp she asked to subsitute it for something else and they said no.  They could put it on the side.  I called the manager and they said it is not cost effective for them to do this.  I called corporate and they said they do not do substitutions and they have no way to ensure there is no cross contamination with products people are allergic to.  This is a scary thought.  I work in a restaurant and there is away to do it.  Please if you have allergies or medical issues and you are not able to have certain items do NOT go to any Black Angus.  This is there company policy.
4 Food was good, service was good. Drinks were a little slow but they were awesome once they arrived. The prime rib was good, but the new york strip was superb! I recommend the chocolate martini or the black and tan to drink.
4 My fiancé and I have only eaten here once and we both loved it. The appetizer we ordered was the " sampler ". It came with numerous items, 3 of which were so good and the included Buffalo wings, fried zucchini, and potato skins. The wings were great, zucchini was flawless ( not greasy AT ALL ) and potato skins were great. Great pre dinner food. The food came and it was as good as I have ever tried. Got the top sirloin and it came out just how I asked. As far as food goes, this place is on point. A must eat. Reason for the 4 stars is service could have been better. Our waitress was VERY forgetful. Forgot 3 or 4 times on stuff we wanted. Other than that, great place to eat. We will definitely be back!
4 Black Angus is definitely not the first place that I think of when it comes to steakhouses however its not bad. I mostly find myself here when I have a coupon for their campfire feast for two (only $39) which is a great deal if you ask me. You get to choose an appetizer, I recommend the wagon wheel sampler, then each choose an entree, I've had the prime rib, new york strip, ribeye and haven't been disappointed once, and lets not forget their selection of great sides whether its a salad or the sweet potato fries they have a good variety for everyone. Then to top the meal off you get to choose a dessert, I am personally a sucker for their chocolate cake but the cheesecake is very good as well. Overall this is a good steakhouse to go to if you are on a budget its definitely a bang for your buck!.
4 While Black Angus may not be at the top of the food chain when it comes to steakhouses, the food at this location is consistently good every time that we come here.  The portions are huge and you can't beat the $39 campfire special coupon that comes out in every weeks paper or mailer insert.  Included in the special is:  One appitizer to share - Wagonwheel Sampler is the best deal by far and can easily share 4 ways no problem.  Two entree selections: they are off a pre-fixe menu - however there are a couple steak options as well as fish and chicken. While the fillet isn't offered at the $39 price, you can have one for an additional $3. Finish it off with your choice of any dessert on their dessert list.   I get the fillet every time and it has always been awesome. I also recommend the mushroom & onion add on as it is also quite delish.   This is one of the chain restaurants that still accepts reservation and not just call ahead seating most offer now.   The bottom line:  Great for groups and last minute dinner plans. Service is good, staff seems to be knowledgeable and the food is consistently the same quality wise.
3 Maybe a 3.5  I have relatively low expectations for chain steakhouses.  For whatever reasons, BAS seems to crank out some pretty good food consistently.  Back in the day (late 70s) the BAS at Alma School and Southern was THE place to eat in Mesa.  Decor has changed from the olden days but I say the food quality has actually improved.  In most cases the veggies (green beans and asparagus in my case) are always good to great.  Only critique here...they haven't yet properly figured how to trim asparagus.  As for appetizers we always get the fried zucchini.   Very good, not greasy and comes with a great cucumber dipping sauce.  Steaks are good.  To be honest, some night the quality is better than others, but overall its good.  I always order the wedge salad...big enough for two to share.  Since you get two choices of veggies (includes salads) with each meal, I highly recommend a party of two spit a wedge salad and the get three other vegetables.  They usually have good choices and they do do veggies good here.
4 I still recognize that this is a chain steak house.  But when compared to others (Outback comes to mind) it amazes me that there aren't more of them (BAS)  or more to the point that the chain has not done well over the years.  First, I've figured out where a lot of these culinary school grads go when they can't get a job elsewhere.  As a result of actual culinary school trained chefs/cooks showing up at places like BSA the quality of food is quite good.  Had the fried zucchini with their cucumber ranch (or whatever they call it).  Very good.  The zucchini is lightly breaded and fried.  Is not greasy at all and the cucumber ranch is reallllyyyy good.  Next up, wedge salad.  As always, one salad is enough for two to share, so don't waste one of your two sides getting another salad if you go the wedge route.  Ordered the grilled corn and asparagus.  Both fresh and very good.  Some complaint/observation as before on the asparagus.  The cooks don't always do the best job of trimming off the ends.  I'm not going to get into how to do it properly, but if you want to know how it should be done, you can google it.  Finally, on to the dead animal.  I had the new york strip  I thought it was pretty good.  The wife had the prime rib .  Good again.  Value wise their dead on...especially if you have a coupon.  Quality wise their pretty doggone good and that's comparing it to just about anyone and they're certainly better than their peer competitors.
4 The molasses bread here is to die for as well a the fried zucchini.  While the happy hour selection is limited, the dishes are great!
4 Good apps, bar service. Always good cuts of steak and good service.
4 Really good service and steak as expected.  Nice atmosphere for Monday Night Football....oh yea baby!
4 Great steak at a decent price.  They have a great "meal for two" deal that if you look for a coupon in the newspaper you can get at a screamin' deal!
3 Food was pretty good except my salad wedge. I ordered balsamic vinegarette, but got some kind of atomic garlic dressing. I was so hungry that I just started wolfing it down before realizing I could kill vampires at 50 feet. I have suffered now ( my wife too) all weekend with laser breath and sour stomach. Service was fine. I am sure that the salad would have been fixed if I had said something. The salad dressing was subtle, until later. Next time I will be more careful.
1 I don't think my fiancé or I will ever return to a Black Angus. We don't go out often...so when we want to do something special on the weekends we want to skip the dishes end enjoy some fine cuisine and have a pleasurable evening together. However...our last experience was anything but.  We went to the Black Angus located in Chandler, Arizona on March 8th (so 2 and a half weeks ago from this point). It It seemed like a normal enough place and we were shown to our table. One of the first things we noticed, and my fiancé asked about, was if the place used to be an IHOP...as the tables seemed to have that kind of quality to them.  Our waitress Emily arrived, gave us our menus, and asked us what we'd like to drink. As we usually do we ordered lemonades. Emily said that they had strawberry-raspberry lemonades and, thinking this was just a flavor, we said sure. She promptly returned with our lemonades and, I will admit, we were pleasantly surprised. We just expected it to be a reddish colored drink but this had real fruit in it. So being as thirsty as I was (there was no water on the table up to this point) I downed mine in a quick fashion and asked for a refill. She then said she'd bring me back a water with the lemonade because they were $2.99 a refill. We were shocked. We just wanted lemonade period. We didn't know we'd ordered SPECIAL lemonades that were three dollar a drink. We reluctantly allowed her to get another one because we didn't know if there were any NORMAL lemonades at this point...since, after all, that's what we thought we asked for. We looked at the menu, which to me was horribly overpriced, and I asked my fiancé if she was SURE this is where we wanted to eat. Since she was just trying to go with the flow of it she said it'd be fine and that it wasn't a big deal. If only...  We ordered the 2 for $54 meal deal that offered an appetizer, 2 sides per meal, and then the entree per each person. We got our sampler and were not impressed. It was okay but I've had the same kind of thing at Applebee's and other restaurants.  When we finally got our meals...well...that's when things started to go from bad to worse. One of the things I noticed when I ordered my meal, which was a disappointment, was that the biggest sized steak available in this meal deal was a 12 oz new york or ribeye. Not what I'd call large by any means. When I looked at my steak, and began to cut it up, I managed to trim off about 20% of it in fat alone, and the portions of the sides were on the small side. My fiancé's meal was not much better. The grated parmesan looked and tasted odd and somehow, to her utter amazement, they managed to screw up the green beans somehow. Even two weeks later, when we mention all this to people, she still can't understand how someone can fail to cook green beans in such a way that they taste horrible. The food, overall, was of average quality and not what we'd expect from a place like Black Angus.  Our waitress made a guest appearance once or twice (with the second time being to deliver the slice of cheesecake to top off our meal) so we were left wondering half the time if we had a waitress at all.  Finally we elected to tip the waitress 15% of our bill since some of the problems were not hers and we didn't want her to have a bad evening which might boil over into someone else's bad meal experience. This took our total bill of $68.70 up to a bit over $79.   We were not thrilled with our visit to the establishment, as you can see. So we decided we'd go home and leave a comment on the website listed at the bottom of the receipt, like most restaurants have. When I put in the website I was confused: why is it asking what my opinions are on various combo ideas when I had a bad experience. I discovered this was the entire purpose of the website. I had to actually go to the Black Angus website and merely leave a comment.  At this point we were fairly content to leave it at that, now that we gave some feedback, but the manager of the restaurant, Matt, decided to contact us to discuss what happened and see what he could do to make it right. I told him I didn't believe it was his or Emily's fault about the prices, as they are decided by someone higher up in the food chain (no pun intended), but it would have been nice to have been informed about the refill price on these special lemonades, larger portion sizes, and for the staff to be a bit more attentive (it's odd having to share a water at a place where it averages $30 a person). I always believe in second chances but my fiancè was a bit harder to convince I succeeded, as Matt offered to send us a gift card.   Over a week passed by and nothing showed up in the mail. I actually had to contact Matt to find out what was going on and if one was sent at all. He said he'd forgotten it in his car but it would show up soon. Okay...that's fine. Things happen. Then it showed up today. A $20 gift card. We found it insulting. I don't know what we expected but not this.
2 The food is just ok... A little over priced compared to what you get. WIll choose a better steakhouse, at the same price point, before coming here again... very disappointed in quality, portion size, and price point.
5 My mom and I always have dinner here. Filet Mignon is always cooked to perfection :)
1 we ordered two rib eye 12 oz steaks.  This was not the "dinner for two".  When the server brought out the steaks we were shocked.  They looked like thin pieces of top sirloin.  We expressed our dismay to the server and the manager came to our table.  He tried to say that prices had gone up and the cuts of beef were thinner.  It was simply a way to "get through it".  He never came back and neither will we.  The bill was $60.00.  No wonder there were very few cars in the parking lot.
4 We went because I was craving artichokes.  Looked up the facebook page and got the coupon.  Rachel was our server...she was really friendly and smiled, and was pretty good but  I felt like we were running her since she would always leave the table quickly.  It was slow when we got there, but then again it was just before 5.  Our meal was paced nicely and the prime rib was more over medium than the mid rare ordered, but overall it was a good dinner.
5 Prime Rib on Wed nights is a tradition at Black Angus.  Prime Rib is always cooked perfect with baked pototo and vegi makes for a perfect meal.  I sit at the bar usually and the bartenders always are friendly and attentive with bringing my beer and food!   One of my fav places to go week after week. Wednesdays are good because you get a piece of mud pie for dessert along with the meal.  Fantastic!
3 Its 6:45pm on Thursday night and daughter and I are starving, I'm not in the mood for cooking and would like a steak, so happens there was a flier in the mail for Black Angus Campfire Feast for Two for 39.95. I told my daughter here is our mission, to get Black Angus have our dinner and be done in 50 mins to be on time to pick up son at his job.   So off we went, we were seated right away. I clearly explained to my daughter how the campfire feast worked, but somewhere between talking to her and her looking at the menu she got carried away, so I got her back on track, and asked her what type of appetizer she would like, for me it didn't matter.   She started us off with the wagon wheel sampler, which is perfect to share with 2, it's the best of everything, Shrimp Cocktail, fried garlic-pepper zucchini, buffalo chicken and loaded potato skins. Everything was great, I have to say my favorite where the zucchini, even though it was fried, it was lightly fried and not greasy, and the flavor was delish!  For my meal I ordered the 12oz ribeye a loaded baked potato and Caesar salad . Lets start with the Caesar salad, omg the slices of parmesan cheese on this salad was amazing! I love parmesan cheese and this salad was not lacking in it! So very good!  My loaded potato wasn't really loaded, it had bacon cheese and sour cream, but more like a micro mini scoop of it, but it was better for me that way because even though I went all HAM on this dinner, I still need to watch what I eat.  The ribeye, it was cooked medium and still very pink, but it was flavorless it could have been hit with some salt & pepper before the grilling.  For the dessert we had the cookie and ice cream, my daughter really enjoyed that, I had a few bites, but honestly I was just full!  The chocolate chip cookie though did taste heavenly sweet!   Our server was Rachel and she was awesome! We did make it out within 50 mins and I did make it in time to get my son from work, did I feel guilty for going out to eat, maybe for a brief moment when he was heating up his hot pockets in the microwave, but that passed away quickly .  ( I did take him to get food elsewhere I'm not heartless LOL)
2 Went there with my Wife on a Friday eve to treat her a little, unfortunately it turned out to be a bust.  The food was not great, much worse than I expected for a dinner for two which ended up costing us $100 without even having desserts.  My steak ended up being overcooked, I ordered medium-rare and it barely had any pink so it was over medium, my wife's was under-cooked, I believe they may have switched the instruction on the order. Food was pretty boring and bland and I wanted to order an extra sauce to save it but I was hungry and the server did not come round for 20 min so I just gave up.  Service was generally poor and we waited forever for our order to come out.  My wife does not like tequila so ordered a Margarita with no tequila in it which was delivered with tequila :( My drink looked awesome but tasted pretty bland in the end, what a disappointment ...  We were also seated at an awkwardly placed large table with lots of traffic which kind of spoiled the little romantic evening we had in mind.  Couple of weeks later we went to the Keg across at the fashion mall, ended up having a fantastic time there, excellent food and it cost less, so in comparison this was actually quite terrible.  After complaining to my friends about it I got a pretty unanimous response, they have all been there and had I asked they would have warned me not to go.
4 This place always has good food and service.  I keep going back because of their partnership with the Best Buy Dining Program and their AAA discounts.  Combine that with a coupon found just about anywhere, and two can eat great for around $40!  I've been to this particular location about 10 times in the past two years and the consistency amongst servers and the food is great.  It never disappoints!
5 We have been dining here every Dec 24th for 9 straight years now and we have had exceptional food and service every year! They offer such great food specials that can't be beat. Their food is on par with other top steak restaurants but we have always been the most impressed by the outstanding service we receive. The waitresses we have had have all been very friendly, enjoyable and prompt to the table we each course and/or beverage. We always look forward to this holiday meal tradition to start off our Christmas Holidays.
1 About a year ago we had a bad experience here so we decided to give them another try after we received their flyer in the mail.  We started out with the sampler appetizer, for 13.99 I expected to see more than a 3 shrimp cocktail, hot wing chicken strips, deep fried zucchini and two burnt potato skins.  I ordered the Sirloin (medium rare) and Prawns and my wife and daughter, ordered theirs.. after 50 minutes and several folks sitting down after us receiving their meals, I got a medium well steak- I sent mine back as did my daughter with the cold fries. After another 20 minutes, the fries and my steak came back, the steak was raw and after a couple of bites I pushed it aside, extremely disappointed.  Now I will say the manager Matt M. did come to our table right away upon learning that we were not happy with our food but he made it very apparent that he was more interested in 'solving the problem' than communicating with his customers. I asked him what happened so I could get a grasp as to what the issue was back there in the kitchen. His reply was short and he said he didn't know but, "I'll just cover your bill", then he walked away. His body gesture and attitude gave us the impression that we were just there for a free meal and he wanted to be done with the situation.  I contacted Black Angus' Chandler location and learned that Matt M is the general manger there that I spoke with that evening, so I contacted the corporate office through their website and was called back on Sunday night by a John something or other claiming he is the district manager, after I told him what had happened, he says that they have had a problem in the past with this location and that Matt is a really great manager, he also states that he does not want his management team to offer excuses and that he stands by Matt's way of handling the situation. He went on to say that he will be emailing me his contact information and to feel free to call him anytime. As of this writing I have not received any further communication from him.  There are a number of real steak houses in this region and I suggest you try them out instead. For the value Black Angus is too high priced for the quality and the service you're going to receive.
4 We had a drink at the bar, then dinner for my fiancee's birthday. The drinks were great, and the bartender was efficient and personable. Dinner was awesome, we had the teriyaki steak lettuce wraps for an appetizer and steaks for dinner. The food was fantastic, service was a little slow. However it was a Saturday night and busy, so that's probably why. We liked it overall, and would eat there again.
1 Went for lunch. Wife order Cobb salad. I order prime rib open face sandwich. Slow but food finally came. Wife looked salad and said no eggs or avocados  waiter said they were out. I could not cut prime rib with steak knife  did bring another. Worse than first. Left hungry
1 Been waiting 40 min for 1 Sirloin Steak. ..at lunch...they are not busy....looks good inside..but my wife and I will not be returning.  Sad for a beautiful place...customer service is poor
3 Their coupons dinner for two could feed 3-4 people. Other than using a coupon for this restaurant, nothing really luring me here. I live nearby, so when I crave for prime rib, my first thought would be Texas Roadhouse but it's too far for instant gratification.  They do not have good salad nor appetizer, the shrimp cocktail is ridiculously small (3?). The side kicks aren't appealing. Maybe I'm just too damn picky on how to spend $50.
2 Just not a good experience. Waited a long time for our food and the service was lackluster.   Seriously - the leadership seems to be the issue here. The people working here seem capable and I'm sure they can do more and do it better. They just don't have the inspiration to make the experience better, faster and enjoyable.   We tried it and won't be back. There are better places within 1/2 mile for the same fare with a better delivery and attention to detail.
5 I don't give out 5 stars easily, but can't find a single thing to complain about.   We had a birthday dinner coupon and showed it to the waitress (I think it's Rachel, but can't see the end of the name on the receipt). She told us how it worked (basically BOGO - sign up at their website) and I ordered the 8 oz prime rib and mud pie and my husband Mark ordered the 12 oz rib eye with mushrooms on top. Side orders were loaded potatoes, green beans with bacon, and onion rings. The waitress was friendly and had just the right balance of not hovering but never leaving us alone more than 10 minutes at a time. The food was delivered promptly. Every single thing was perfectly cooked (entrees rare for me and medium well for Mark). She brought the extra butter I had asked for. My husband devoured the excellent bread that they provide at every table.  The drink refills appeared just as we needed them. The manager came by to check on every table and took away our dishes for us when we were done. Because it was my birthday meal, they brought out a warm chocolate chip cookie with ice cream that was amazing (and free) and my mud pie was excellent (says my husband - I keep forgetting mud pie is coffee flavored and I dislike coffee). We had to take it home with us (a great hardship - hah) because we were just too full. I had seen some bad yelp reviews so I almost didn't go and would have missed out on an amazing meal. Great job to everyone who helped (cooks, waitress, and manager). Will definitely be back.
3 this place is our usual go-to steak joint when we just casually want steak. nothing too fancy and reasonably prices. I like their camp side feast where you get to share an appetizer, get two steak dinners, and can share a dessert. I like to get the sampler appetizer because you get the most bang for your buck and comes with like 4 different things. I got the filet mignon medium rare with bleu cheese and sautéed mushrooms. for dessert I got the cowboy cookie with vanilla ice cream. the service is always good. food is pretty good. can't complain.
5 I love everything about Black Angus. The steaks are great, bread is amazing, and the campfire meal for 2 is a great deal. They also have anniversary Moscow Mule cups for only $7.00!
3 Had prime rib and King crab legs.  Loved the prime rib.  Crab want bad I enjoyed it. On the fishy side.  So just avg.  Tough to eat s meal like tjat with water. Wish the had coke.  The gf sent back her bland sirlon and ended up with very fatty Ribeye. She said my prime rib tasted great just kind of salty. I admit I can like a little salt.   Salad was great cold plate and cold fork.  I'm gonna have to give these guys another try. I enjoyed it.
2 A little concerning when there's only a few cars in the parking lot, this should have been my first red flag. Server was nice enough,  place was clean (since that's really all there was to do with 3 tables of people). My boyfriend ordered the prime rib with crab legs, he was happy with his order. Personally,  I thought his prime rib was a little salty. I ordered a sirloin that looked almost boiled,  but was not seasoned and tasted beefy.  Our Server was nice and exchanged it for a rib eye. It looked soooo much better but again beefy tasting, and SUPER fatty. Very disappointing!  The manager came over again, I explained that although this was better it's still not great because it's really fatty and beefy in flavor, he apologized and said he would adjust the bill. When we got the bill, he took 15% off and went back to the bar he was sitting at when we walked in. I will not be coming back, absolutely lost a customer.
