3 Inventory is great, but the prices are higher than most gun stores in the area.  Customer service is ok.
3 If you want a Kimber or Glock the stock is good. Prices went up a couple years ago when they relocated and I shop elsewhere because of it. Decent ammunition selection but same pricing issues.
3 Guns Etc have a pretty good selection and above average customer service, they just don't have the greatest retail prices. I enjoy coming here to shop around but most times make a final purchase elsewhere, I do use Guns Etc for all of my gunsmithing needs however, superior work and more than fair pricing.
1 The prices are higher then most gun stores. Also the gunsmith is rude.
1 The only reason I gave them one star is because it wouldn't allow me to give them none. I'm not even sure where to start.. I went in to check out a handgun i wanted to purchase and was more or less ignored. When I asked to see the pistol I was interested in the guy seemed annoyed I was bothering him and told me he didn't know the answers to my questions (how long would it take for delivery, was it faster to order online). Frustrated I left and ordered online. The next day I logged into the account I created during my purchase and could see personal information for All of their recent customers. When I went in and told them their online system was set up to allow users to see the entire inventory system and other buyers info they apologized and said it was a new system. Later that day the online system was shut off, so I called the following day to find out when my order was scheduled for delivery. I was told the following day, and when it didn't arrive called again and was told once again "it's scheduled to be here tomorrow". The next day a woman from the shop called me and said it would be delayed another week and went on and on about how important my business was to them... Another week later, the "absolute latest" it was expected I called and once again it wasn't there. The next day (saturday) I went to the store to get a refund, and was told I would have to come back on Monday because the people working the counter didn't know how to do it. I called the following Monday and was assured I was  refunded but still see no sign if a refund at my bank. Don't waste your time or money at guns etc. the service is awful and they can't be bothered to make an effort.
2 Fast gunsmith service (1 1/2 weeks), did not do what I requested, sloppy cosmetic work.    I really wanted to write a glowing review.  I bought a 12 gauge shotgun from Guns Etc. for 3 gun competition some months ago.  That was a pretty good experience.    I asked to have ghost ring sights installed.  The rear sight requires drilling and tapping the receiver.  The barrel rib has to be cut back to mount the front sight.  Not an easy install, but that's why I took it to an experienced gunsmith.    Gun forums recommend adding a cross pin to secure the front sight to augment the epoxy provided by the mfg.  I asked for that but it did not happen.  A note on the service ticket said "Don't know about the pin."  A call to discuss would have worked.  The clerk said if a pin had been necessary the gunsmith would have used one.  Sorry I'm so stupid, but I asked for the service and intended to pay for it.  It may not matter.  Guess I will find out.  The front sight is rotated a little off center.  I was able to use the rear sight adjustment to correct for the slight misalignment.  Epoxy streaks on the side of the front sight is sloppy but only cosmetic.  Two stars for doing a fast install.  Poor communication and not doing the job as requested is a problem.
4 I've been here twice, and both times I was impressed with the helpfulness of the staff.  The first trip was to find a holster for my SIG MK25, a notoriously difficult holster to find. Immediately I had a staff member assist me, so far as to research a proper holster on the internet.  The next trip was just to handle a firearm I intended to purchase online. 60 seconds into the store I was holding it in my hand, and the price was so solid, so I bought it on the spot. While their ammunition is a bit expensive, I found my intended purchase almost $200 off recommended price.  I highly recommend this place.
5 Probably the best gunsmith I have ever used. He has done several trigger jobs on handguns and did an excellent blueing job on a S&W Mod 19 that I was ready to throw away. It came out so nice that its a keeper for sure now. He also installed a Creedmore ladder sight on my 44 Henry and it's so accurate I can hit the steel plate at 300 yards as good as a 30-06 with a scope. Someone mentioned high prices. I used to buy ammo in bulk at gun shows but don't even bother going anymore. The shows at the fairground charge $7 to park and $18 to get in the show. That's like paying $25 to get in to Bass Pro Shop.
1 As a followup to the shotgun front sight installation - it fell off.    Looking at the now separate front sight, the original front bead sight was cut off the barrel flush and polished smooth.  The ghost ring sight that is designed to use the front bead for mechanical strength and stability had nothing but a thin film of epoxy to secure it. The epoxy did not even fully cover the bottom of the ghost ring sight piece.  No wonder it fell off.  The fix is to ship the barrel back to Wilson Combat for repair.  They will reinstall the front bead, epoxy on the front sight and drill through the new front sight and bead sight and install a roll pin to reinforce the installation.  Just like I requested originally.  Except for the pin installation, the manufacturers directions clearly detailed the above steps.   The sight fell off an hour before I was to take a shotgun class test.  I was not able to shoot the timed and scored test.  Passing with a 90% score is required to take the next class.  Now, I'll have to repeat the same class.  Bummer.    This issue was easily preventable with a little communication with me or by reading the included manufacturers directions.
1 So, I know this place is terrible. Everyone I have talked to that has done business here has told me it's terrible. I have heard absolute horror stories about the on site "guns smith", and I have personally experienced the rude staff. I think I just have a problem passing a gun shop without stopping to browse. I need help.   On to the story.  So I have bought ammo once or twice here. Mostly because a bunch of idiot are buying everything off the shelf everywhere else, but at the prices this place fields, it's no surprise their shelfs are flush.   So, I've browsed guns here before, never bought, and didn't really pay super close attention to the prices. Day in questions however, I was money in hand and ready to buy. The gun I wanted just happened to be absent from any of the places I would normally go to buy. Again, Guns etc's shelfs are always full if you're willing to spend a bit more, So in I go.   They had what I want, though the price was at least 50$ more than anywhere else had quoted me, but I was willing to drop the 50$ on this day to walk out with it in hand. So, first the guys behind the counter can't be bothered to help with anything. I got one guy chatting away aimlessly (Bs chatting not showing, or talking about a item) but pointedly avoiding anyone that looked like they might like to see a gun,  and the other guy reading a paper. Anyhow I waited and eventually got someone to help me out.   Up to this point I still would have bought the gun, but then the guy showing me the gun is a snobby jerk. Now I am not buying a bad pistol here XDM .40. The guy behind the counter acts like I am buying dog turds.   I am making small talk while I look over the models they have. I think I asked the guy what he thinks of the XMD or if he has heard anything about them from customers. I have already done my research and I own an XD already, again just making small talk. The guy, with an air of superiority, tells me, "I have a 1911." Well kudos to you, so do I, but that's not the only gun on the planet.  Anyhow, If I wanted some one gun fan boy to tell me what the right gun to buy is I would go on the GlockTalk forum. I'm here though, so, I go with it. I am a 1911 fan too, not to the exclusion of everything else, but hey. So I talk 1911 a bit. Turns out, this dude wouldn't know a gun from the thing dangling between his thighs. Didn't know anything about anything I asked him about. This guy might have never shot a gun before for all he seemed to know about the subject.  I'd already handed the gun I wanted back and was thinking of walking out when the idiot sealed the deal for me. I was looking at some smaller hand guns for my wife. I happened to mention that my wife had some difficulty with working the slide on some of my higher caliber pistols. The guy proceeds to show me the slide release lever on a pistol and tells me that someone doesn't have to be able to work the slide to use the pistol for self defense........ How stupid a response is that? First of all I had just handled a variety of handguns and demonstrated that I understood their basic function. But, worst of all, thats not only dumb advice, it's irresponsible. Suggesting someone carry a gun they are not capable of operating fully for self defense is downright dangerous. My wife shoots just fine, but I wouldn't put a gun in her purse that she couldn't disassemble and reassemble on her own, let alone one she couldn't clear a jam from.     I can deal with snobby jerks, but when it comes to forgiving people their shortcomings I have a rule. You can be an a$$hole, or an idiot, but you shouldn't be both.   Not a great story, no damage to my guns, or money lost. Just a bad customer service experience. I'm not even that surprised being that I have been in there before. Someone else just told me they were in there the other day and it sucked, and it reminded me I wanted to post a review.   I wanted the gun that day so I could shoot it on a camping trip the coming weekend. Sadly I walked out with my money still in my pocket and got it someplace else for almost 70$ less. Anyhow, My wife thanks guns etc. for killing my new gun excitement enough to get me to shop around and save some money.   I won't be coming back even to browse. Much better gun shops around.    Sorry this was sloppy had to run out at the end
4 At a time when it's tough to find a place with any inventory of guns or ammunition, it is refreshing to find a decent selection of both AND super personable customer service!  Paula and Vic at Guns, Etc. were so patient and insightful and not only did they help us find/obtain what we needed ...I witnessed them helping other customers with equal poise and upbeat attitudes.  In fact, the whole team was clearly working under the pressure of the Saturday morning "rush" with lots of customers coming in and out and the phone ringing off the hook the whole time!  We left feeling energized and well taken care of.  I almost hugged Vic on the way out the door because he was so kind and helpful!  He got a warm, heartfelt handshake instead and our promise to recommend him (and his team there) and to return ourselves.
2 My fondest memories of this building are when it was Eegee's. It was at least useful years later as an AlphaGraphics.  Guns Etc is... a gun store. Ostensibly, anyway. Most of the time the staff are doing their best not to sell anything, which is baffling for a store with a substantial inventory. Even on the rare day the staff aren't actively ignoring or driving off customers, the inflated prices take care of it.  Once you walk out of Guns Etc in disappointment/disgust, you can at least walk across the parking lot and comfort yourself with some decent New York Chinese at Red Dragon or some tasty Filipino fare at Jeepney Bistro.
2 Every time I've been in here, the staff acted like they had better things to do than help their customer. They are also grossly overpriced on most things.
1 Let's see, where do we start?  Knowledgable Staff - Rather, lack thereof. These guys know enough about guns to sell a gun to someone who knows nothing, but if you come in asking real questions about firearms and accessories they either blow you off or give you a vague BS answer.   I went in to talk to some of the folks at Guns Etc. about a scope setup for my rifle. I explained the cartridge I was shooting, the ballistics, and the intended use. I was hoping they could point me in the right direction, or at a minimum, go over the options that they have available. The first guy passed me off to the second guy, the second to the third, and the third simply said "Maybe a 2-7 power would work." When I asked him to show me the 2-7 power scopes that they carry, the price ranges, and the technical difference between the cheap and expensive scopes (basically just, "what are my options?"), he pointed to the glass case in the far corner and told me that, "They're actually easier to see from the outside of the case, because all of the information is on a tag facing that way." Except it isn't easier for a few reasons; 1. I have to bend over completely or crouch down to see the ends of the boxes, 2. There are maybe three 2-7 power scopes mixed into a group of about thirty scopes, I have no idea where the 2-7 ones are so I have to kneel down and read tiny print on each box until I find them, and 3. The tag shows extremely basic information, and one tag to the next doesn't illustrate the difference between a $100 scope and a $500 scope.  Is it too much to ask to have a vendor show their wares so that you can give them money? Is that not the sole purpose of being in business?  Prices - Way overpriced, on everything. From firearms, to accessories, to batteries, to ammo. They're selling 9mm FMJ bullets at around $0.55 a pop after tax, that's as bad as buying from price gougers on backpage, and nearly 3x as much as walmart or http://www.midwayusa.com/; any place that doesn't price gouge. It's a joke. Makes me wonder if they're keeping stocked by buying up retail ammo at places like walmart then reselling it.   5.45x39 7n6 corrosive Russian milsurp ammo they're selling for $0.40 per round when you buy 1,080 rounds! Unbelievable. Go to http://www.usacsales.com/ and note that they have about 1.5 million rounds readily available for $0.20 per round AFTER tax and shipping. They're in Tucson. I ordered on a Tuesday and it was on my doorstep Wednesday by noon. There is NO SHORTAGE of 7n6 surplus, and there is NO EXCUSE for trying to rip people off on a spam can of this stuff.  Lastly, Customer Service - I don't really give a shit. I don't need someone to be nice and friendly and wear a big smile. I came in for a specific purpose, I need the employee to get it done so I can hand them money, but they can't seem to do any of these things. Also it's worth noting that every time I've been in there one or two of the staff are high as a kite on meth. Eyes glassed over, pupils like saucers, breathing heavily, and constantly fidgeting. It's repulsive.
3 Guns Etc. has a great selection. However the retail space seems cramped. The prices are decent, but not really known for having bargains.  Some of the staff are top notch, but some of them seem to be lacking in knowledge or service. I don't mind if a person isn't knowledgeable, but don't try to make up for lack of knowledge with an abundance of B.S.   Honestly the selection and the couple of excellent sales people are what make shopping here worthwhile.
1 For the third time I stood at the counter while the two staff shot the bull with a couple also at the counter. Not once was a asked if I needed help, even after another staff member walked past me. You have lost a customer and I hope more shooters just roll past your shop.
5 Guns etc is by far the best gun store I have been to in Arizona! I say this from experience of having visited quite a few gun stores with either no customer service or crazy prices or both. I have been to AJI, Ted's Shooting Range, Big5 Sports, the AZ gun shows, etc.... Guns etc has them all beat!  This place has great service and great prices along with an excellent staff that is very helpful. It is nice to hear someone who actually knows what they are talking about when it comes to firearms and firearm components. The customer service is top notch. Thanks again for a great experience.
4 I've been in Guns ETC several times. I've bough everything from pistols, safes, ammunition, and accessories from them. The staff is always helpful and prices are always fair. There is always a decent stock of inventory and a very wide selection (especially for a small building).
2 Unprofessional staff, cramped, and a low level of saving on surrounding gun stores. Decent level of guns available, if you looking for good deals on optics look elsewhere.
5 This is one of the best gun stores around, I am a first time gun owner and I have to say the staff at guns ect made me feel really at home at there shop, and I did not even but the gun from them. They answered all my ???. I did not want to go back to the gun shop I bought the gun from because they where so unwelcoming, the staff at guns where very happy to answer all my ???. and this is important when you are buying a gun for the first time. There prices are high but it is worth it to have such a wonderful staff. THIS IS THE GUN SHOP TO GO TOO
3 They have a nice selection of firearms here.  Lot's of quality AR's and pistols.  Nice selection of Sig Sauer 9mm pistols...decent number of 1911's from various manufacturers.  Plenty of ammo was available and prices are average.  However, where they fell short for me was customer service.  I had to disrupt 3 of them chatting it up behind the counter to look at several guns and the guy was disinterested....he said nothing to me....I had to ask questions if I wanted any kind of information.  Maybe he was pissed off because I ruined his conversation with his buddies...I don't know and I don't care but it sure didn't seem like he wanted me to buy one, so I left empty-handed.  Return Factor - 50%
1 Well when you have 5 Beretta Nano's on your website one would think you have one in stock. Not the case. They do have a large selection but don't look online and expect to find it in the store.   As for the customer service... You would think that 2 customers to 3 employees would be a good ratio. No one said a word to me for 10 minutes and when I asked about what I was looking for I got a simple "no". Browsed a bit more and never a word even when leaving??   I would also recommend shopping around for price. They are much higher than other stores. It is close to home and I will sometimes pay a bit more if your customer service is stellar but in this case I will take a drive and save some money.
1 I had to go see what all the bad reviews were about. Spot on! I didn't even get a chance to get bad service since there was no service to begin with. I looked a sales person in the face from three feet away, no response, no "hello", no "how may I help you". She just turned and walked away. There were six people working and three unattended customers. They just stood around trying as hard as they could to not sell anything. I wasn't even upset since I went in there expecting that or worse.   This gun shop deserves a rating of LOL.
5 I guess I am a silver lining in the cloud of bad reviews. I just purchased my P238 Sig Sauer Sport a few days ago. Got it for a good.price. Honestly, I went in about 3 times prior to talk and get an idea of the weapon best suited for me. I never had any problems mentioned in the other posts. I encountered Randy. He was absolutely willing to spend as much time as I needed, everytime. He helped me determine the best choice. The lady who works there is nice and chatty and very knowledgeable. I bought a bulldog Keychain from her. I even took advantage of their lay away plan. That Was awesome. Even hooked me up on ammo. I have always had nothing but good service from them. I will be buying from them again. Keep up your good work gang.   Five stars is not enough, here are a few more!
