5 I have beautiful, vintage aluminum cat eye glasses. I wear them every day. I am blind. And very careless. I am a huge book nerd and fall asleep with them on probably every night, leading to careless bending. Since they are antique, taking them to any old eyeglass place scares me. A woman examined my glasses a couple months ago and recommended this particular branch of the chain to me to whup into shape.  I swung by there when repeated drunken dance nights had made tall friends knock my glasses on to the dance floor too many times (this happens many many more times than I like to think about) and a nice dude tightend them up for me in less than five minutes, free of charge. He offered he could replace the old yellowed nose pieces for me pretty cheaply.  Today, after finally admitting my frames looked groady, were falling off my face, and I had scotch taped the old, dry and SHARP ear hooks to a very lame solution, I hiked it over to the AAER. They were able to start working on them on the spot and I told them I would just hang out since I was totally blind and couldn't go anywhere while they worked on them. Less than 45 minutes later, I was presented my frames looking more beautiful than when I first purchased them and they fit wonderfully. Both guys who have helped me there have been extremely nice and efficient and for my sparkling new frames I was charged a MEASLY nineteen BUCKS ($19 folks!) that included tax!  They also said they could weld and fix almost anything wrong with frames or lenses. Super professional and cheap!
5 I've got some spunky glasses that try to go on adventures without me. I turn my head too quick, they take that as a cue to flap their little arms and fly off my head. I bend down to tie my shoe, they hurry to the tip of my nose for a better view. I fall asleep in them, and I'm not sure what kind of antics they get into, but I usually find them in disarray on the ground or tangled in the blankets. Maybe they just wanted to cuddle, but I'm pretty sure they're conspiring to elope to Vegas without me.   But they're creatures of habit, so it's not too often they pull a fast one on me. (Although every time they do I'm sure they giggle their lenses off as I grope for them like a blind mole-like critter.) They recently hatched a new plan, easily the most devious of the bunch. Instead of working as a team they decided to take their chances solo and rendezvous at a meeting point. That meeting point happened to be my bathroom counter.  I set them down and *plop* what was once one piece was then two. I was so shocked that I conceded a good couple of days to them. Especially since they were willing to go to such extremes to get away from me! While they gloated over their victory I was stuck with my highly unflattering, scratched and cruddy Harry Potter glasses.  After a brief hiatus they agreed to reconcile for the sake of my nose (and my ego). So off to All-American Eyeglass Repair we went! We showed up and were promptly greeted by a young man at the counter. My glasses warmed to him immediately and I could practically hear them purring with contentment. It was an ocular spa day.   He took my wily little friends into the back (gave 'em a quick massage), popped in a new screw (the happy ending on that massage), then tightened and re-bent (lil chiropractic work) them back into shape.   Total cost: zero dollars and zero cents.   My glasses must have sweet talked him while they were in the back because his only requirement was that we come back to him for all our glasses repair needs. Seeing how this is the first time in years these glasses have sat quietly in one place for longer than thirty minutes, I'm pretty sure they've put the revolution on the back burner. But the next time they start conniving, it's off to All-American Eyeglass Repair for a visit to my favorite lens masseuse!
5 "Oh, these are broken. Yup."  I felt like Sub Zero had roped me in, froze me and ripped my heart out. SHIT. I don't have any back up contacts anymore and I don't have any other pairs of glasses (I still haven't had an eye exam in this state yet), and also...my silver cat eye glasses? Gone?  "But I can laser this up no problem. Give me 45 minutes"  When I woke up this morning and went to put on my glasses, I noticed the lens hanging at a weird angle and it didnt look like the normal screw problem. I have been falling asleep on my side too much lately with them on, but something told me this wasn't a quick fix. I squinted all day like a pirate since one eye is much better than the other and waited for Tim to come home so he could drive me to the repair place.  A woman seriously resembling Stevie Nicks (remember, I am blind) helped us out and showed how the part that holds the lens to the front of the cat eye was completely seperated. Normally this would be soldered, but with technology, LASERS would save us.  LASERS!!!!  There were some kind of awkward old men hanging out so we left and went to grab a bite to eat and look at furniture at IKEA near by (bright lights and Scandanavian colours are okay to my underwater vision, apparently). We came back in 2 hours and they were cleaned, new nose pads to boot. Since I had done business with them in the past, they charged around $60 for the repair. Since the alternative would have been finding an eyeglass place, paying for an exam, getting a new pair of glasses in order to see by tonight...that is a bargain.  Plus I got to keep my aluminum glasses for a bit longer...and they fit even better than before!
5 Very friendly and helpful. Not afraid of working with vintage glasses, which is all I wear.  Thank you!
5 My frames were all bent out of shape and All American was so kind to fix them within minutes. Very friendly....thank you!!!!
4 I have been here twice now over the years.  Always spot on with quick repairs. Highly recommend!
1 I have been going to All American Eyeglass Repair for several years. I always change out nose pads on my sunglasses to silicone nonslip pads. They cost around $30 depending on type of frames. They normally have friendly and knowledgeable staffs there and never had any problems before. I even recommended to friends and co-workers. Last time I was there, there was this crazy old witch there and she was so rude and made a big deal about adjusting my glasses. She said she had to charge me $15 to adjust my sunglasses because they weren't purchased there. WHAT?!?! I've been taking all of my glasses there for repairs and never had any problems with free fitting. When they replaced the nose pads, the staff always adjust to make sure they fit properly. The guy that worked on my glasses told me to wear for a day and see how they fit and bring back for readjustment if needed. This crazy lady (I believe she's the owner) tried to charge me a fee. I had to argue with her till she finally agree to adjust at no charge. She was freakin nuts! Every eyeglass place I've ever been always adjust at no charge even though I did not purchase them there. I will not give them any more business and will not be going back.
5 Wonderful experience! I had sat on my glasses and bent the ear piece arm. Took them in and the man behind the counter fixed them in less than a minute.  Which made me happy, but then when I asked him what I owed, he said "nothing, it only took me a minute".  How great is that??  Very nice of him, I will defiantly spead the word about  this clean, friendly store that does a fantastic job fixing eyeglasses.
5 I had super quick eye pad replacementsjob done on my Maui Jim sunglasses.  I didn't buy the glasses at his store, (they were a gift) but the kind gentleman wouldn't charge me for his service.  (They are a Maui Jim authorized dealer and repair shop.)   I will keep them in mind for my future eyeglass purchases and service!
5 Place looks closed, but really is open. Fast and friendly service. Very knowledgable. I recommend going there and yelping your experience.
