5 I like this store it doesn't have name brand stuff. Or food brands you have heard of but if your short on money or on a budget this is a good place to come I've never had a problem with anything I have purchased here so id recommend this store :)
4 They have some sunglasses that seriously lasted a trip through the Salt River on a day trip. This is also after being dashed on some rocks. That was the purpose of our trip, to purchase items that we did not mind getting ruined. I also picked up some Marilyn Monroe sandals that are still in use as we speak and the graphic has not come off yet! YAY  I do not think I would purchase their produce or other fresh items. I know stores like Food City gets lower quality produce than say Safeway or Sprouts, so I can only imagine what kind of quality the .99 store receives. Besides it did not look very good anyway, everything looked old. They have tons of sauces and boxed food items. Aluminum balloons blown up are only a dollar each so you can give someone a bouquet of balloons for $10 and they are nice just like the regular store.   I came here to pick up supplies to make candy and rose leis for my sister's high school graduation. I made everything for under $15, which included: two candy leis with really good candy, ribbon, clear cellophane wrap, Disney rattles and silk roses. She was the envy of everyone. They had a wide selection of cards, wrapping paper, ribbon and tissue paper. The store seemed organized so I will visit again.
4 There's a lot of hidden gems to be found here.  You just need to be the kind of shopper that knows what to buy and what not to buy at this store.  It's an "it is what it is" situation.  Don't come in here with delusions that every product is a winner.  From time to time, they'll have toys in here that are $6.99 at Target and ToysRUs.  In those instances, I'll get one of each kind for my kids.  It's a great feeling to walk into a place and know that you can totally afford everything in there.  Haha!
3 My son-in-laws ONLY and favorite dollar store!   It appears there are lots of items to buy for the house and they even have a deli section in the grocery part of the store!
4 When you're strapped for cash...this is the place to go.  It is usually pretty crowded so put your big girl panties on and be patient.
