3 I took my two dogs here quite some time ago.  After waking up this a.m. with no ability to breathe through my nose and two dogs laying at my feet in bed. I figured it was also time to take them in for some grooming and clean up.  From what I remember, getting in and out of here was quick and easy and the lady I spoke with was warm and nice. I'll try them again today - if they have an opening. Small out-of-the-way shop, but did a great job,.  Lets hope there's a repeat today.
5 I have a very VERY skittish dog, they handle her so well! She is Peki/Apaso, the do a great job with her everytime! They do great accommodating our schedule as well, also very limited kennel time! We love this place!!
1 I went to this business many years ago and would not go any where else.  This time I can't even get through the door.  First I called several times leaving messages that were not returned until some called and left me a half-hearted message saying I am just calling in case some else didn't call you.  Knowing their past reputation I kept trying until I got someone on the phone and made an appt.  They called and confirmed my appt for today.  We showed up with our pet on time for our appt and waited on hour outside and no one showed.  They obviously do not need any new business or they would honor people's time.  My husband has a job as I do I and we do have the time to wait.  We called their number, there was no message that there had been an emergency.
5 I brought my newly rescued dog to get cleaned up. He looked and smelled amazing!! He was one big, dirty matted up pup when I took him in. Now he's doing the happy dance of delight! Plus, they were able to clip my Chihuahua's nails. She's not easy to clip, she's 4 pounds of fighting fury! They soothed her, and clipped her nails without a problem. These ladies are terrific! They love animals, and it shows. They are the only place to go if you want your fur baby to be treated like royalty!
5 Never have I enjoyed taking my dogs to the groomer! Visiting the groomer has always been a pull and tug experience. Cuts for Pups is such a refreshing experience. I get the feeling that everyone working at Cuts for Pups really enjoys their jobs due to the smiling faces and positive attitudes. But, the best thing about Cuts for Pups is that my dogs actually love going to get their baths! When we enter the shop they can barely contain their excitement. One of them jumps on the door to the grooming room. They love Kathy! When we pick them up they are beautiful! Feels so great to leave my special babies at a groomers where they are so happy and so well taken care of.
5 We take our dogs in every 3 weeks and it's fun to see them getting excited to be groomed. At another shop we have gone to they wanted us to drug the dogs before we brought them in but here they jump up to Kathy and go nuts. What a relief to take them to get groomed there.
