4 I arrived here with high expectations, because it had better be good if it expects to survive against the great King Buffet just up the street!  This nice, fairly large restaurant has a friendly staff  & I counted about 60 main food items, including the Mongolian BBQ.  Light jazz played softly in the background as I easily located a comfortable place to sit in the good layout here.  I started with some Mexican Chicken Vegetable Soup.  What's THAT doing here?¿?  Never mind, it was delicious!  Then over at the salad bar everything was sliced up just right, & there were lots of dressing choices, & cottage cheese, too.  Nice!  The Mongolian BBQ was a little short on meat, with only beef & chicken, but the veggie & sauces selections were good, & Chef Qué Él Se Llama cooked it up just right, with the veggies hot but still just a little crunchy.  Yum!  After hitting the soup table again, for some good Hot & Sour, it was on to the hot line, where the "Fried Rice with Egg" & the Chicken Lo Mein were both a cut above the usual, & NOT greasy!.  Then it was on to Sweet & Sour Shrimp (!), big scallops (!), great fried chicken (!), & so on.  Yeah Chinese Gourmet Buffet!  Lunch is $7.29, $6.65 Sr.
4 Chinese Gourmet has ROLLED BACK the PRICES. Lunch is only $4.99 and Dinner is $7.99. You can't beat that. They have take out for Lunch $2.49 lb and Dinner $2.99 lb  If you become a Facebook Fan you can get a FREE drink with Dinner. http://www.facebook.com/pages/Chinese-Gourmet-Buffet/146256502089620?v=info#!/pages/Chinese-Gourmet-Buffet/146256502089620  They also have loyalty cards- One punch for every $5 spent. When you reach 10, you get $5 off.   I love the new owners. This is a family owned business that is focused on food quality and service. It is located on Alma School, just north of Warner in the Oasis Furniture plaza.   I like this buffet because:  1. Fresh, homemade foods 2. Huge variety- soups, salads, entrees, desserts 3. Unlimited Mongolian Stir Fry 4. Great Customer Service 5. Spacious and Clean  Now they don't have sushi like some other buffets but they do have some seafood available.
4 A few years ago when I lived in Chandler I used to go to this buffet every once in awhile with family. I remember it being decent, not amazing. Today my boyfriend and I were in the area and the first place I drove us to ended up being shut down to my horror, so it was lunch at the chinese buffet. We were greeted warmly at the register and paid for the food and drinks then given a ticket to put at the table we sat at.   Most of the food was fresh and hot, almost too hot! I love that they had mei fun noodles, the thinner rice version of chow mein. The sweet and sour sauce was on the runny side but still had good flavor. Everything tasted better than ok which means yay in my book!  Dessert was carrot cake, angel food cake, lemon cake, a soft serve machine, and various cookies and lollipops. I tried the lemon and carrot cake with a small bowl of soft serve. Yum!   It's good to know this place is still here, even the Garcia's that used to be in the same plaza has been replaced!
5 For the price this is the creme de la creme of Chines Buffet's.  Okay, not because of it's asthetics ... but the food is always fresh.  They keep it loaded up.  The price is THE best.    It's a smaller buffet, but with better quality.  And the price is low.   Lastly --- the price is great --- the food tastes better!
4 I like it, the food is good and spicy and for $4.90 for weekday lunch, all you can eat,  you can't get a sandwich from Subway for that.
4 Shame on me for taking almost 2 1/2 years to circle back around to this excellent buffet!  Robyn N. & Mike C. joined me for lunch here today.  This place strikes one as a little small, but it actually is a mid-large size restaurant.  The buffet also comes across as not so large, but there were 86 food items out today, not counting sauces & dressings.  That qualifies it as a "Super Buffet", like King up the street!  The "vibe" here reminds me of the excellent Ocean Buffet in Mesa... maybe it's because the inside color of both is a similar green.  Anyhow, it's peaceful & comfortable, the food is delicious, the staff is friendly, & when the owner asked me for a personal critique of the place, all I could offer was that he should be charging $6.99 instead of $4.99.  (It was $7.29 way back in '09 when I was here before!)  I just didn't see anything about the food or service that needs improving.  Some of my favorites today were the cottage cheese (which you seldom see at a Chinese buffet), the Fried Rice with ham (they also offer it without ham), the General Tso's Chicken, the fried chicken, & the 5-Star flavor of the Mongolian BBQ dish that was prepared for me.  Just a tick below 5 Stars because some of the competitors like Crazy & Pacific Seafood are so amazing, but this is an excellent buffet with SUPER LOW PRICES!     :-))
3 Had lunch here today with Robyn N. and Rand H.and for $4.99 you get a pretty good lunch. They have quite a few trays of food and some were good but most were just OK. The deep fried chicken wings were real good and they had a soup they called Mexican soup that had beef tongue in it , it was not bad but out of place in a Chinese buffet.the staff here are very nice and friendly ,I wish all the other places I have been were like that.So for a good cheap lunch head over to Chinese Gourmet Buffet.
4 Friendly staff, good food and GREAT prices. $4.99 for lunch and $7.99 for dinner you can't beat that!
4 Ate lunch here on a Saturday at $7.99 plus drink.  A bit smaller than most buffets, but belly stuffing ensued with pretty good quality food. We enjoyed it all.   There was a good crowd of regulars, among them workers and local families with the kids for lunch today and everyone seemed to be enjoying their meals.  Next time we are going to sit at a table, because I found the booth a little tight even for my nominal size. Service was perfect - dishes cleared and drinks refilled right away . We'll be back,  and hopefully the owner will be there to ask me again to "spend the whole day there". A happier fellow I have not seen in a long time.
1 Most horrible buffet I have ever been to.  My boyfriend and I are big chinese buffet fans. A ton of them have raised their prices recently (and, not surprisingly, have been closing down left and right).. so the prospect of a good buffet at 5-8 dollars was absolutely amazing. We read all the reviews on yelp and I had high hopes.  Dear lord. The food is awful here. Inedible. Tastes very distinctly like a bad frozen dinner.  The only thing I remember being remotely food-like was some kind of beef and onion dish.. which tasted a bit like a philly cheesesteak. not exactly asian fare..  I tried really hard to like this place. My boyfriend didn't like any of it either. I don't understand how they have such good ratings. The ONLY thing I like about this place is their dessert bar, because they have toppings for the frozen yogurt. It always annoyed me how so many buffets don't even have sprinkles.. so they've got that going for them.. though I think I'll just go to Mojo or Yogurtland. haha.  In short, I don't understand how anyone can eat this garbage.
4 Gotta support this place!  Sure, it is not the very best Chinese buffet. But it's not bad, and these guys took the plunge and rolled back their prices. This is the definition of a good value.  The variety is decent, maybe a bit smaller than some, but they keep it fresh and the taste is pretty good. They also have the now-expected Mongolian BBQ and a small variety of sushi. Not a lot of surprises, it's the usual Chinese-American fare, but generally fresh and, as I said, cheap.   Service was also very good, attentive, friendly and fast. The atmosphere is about what you would expect from an older Chinese buffet.   If you live in the area please check it out. I hope they are rewarded for lowering their prices.
1 I think the ownership has changed.  The people who are running this place now are poor at providing customer service.  What a shame.  I have tried to eat lunch at this place three times over the last month (since the ownership changed) and each time they demanded cash only since "the credit card machine is broken".  WTF?? For a whole month?  If you stopped taking credit cards just say so.  Today when I went to check again, they again said the credit card machine is still broken.  So I declined to eat there and then the manager said "don't you even have seven dollars for lunch?"  WTF.....what business is it of theirs how I manage my finances.  I use my credit card for almost everything other than when I am just buying a drink at the Seven-Eleven.  That is how I maximize my bonus points and kick-backs and that is how I track all my expenditures too.  So if you want to be treated like an idiot go there to eat.  If not, don't go because you will certainly be disappointed.  I wonder how long before this place will go under too?
1 Went back for another lunch a week ago and the quality had dropped so far down that we will not be back. The server was good and attentive, but the food was not tasty or attractive.
1 I ran into an ex-waitress of this restaurant recently and I was told that the ownership indeed changed and that the new owners were clueless.  Hence most of the staff left (allegedly).  I also heard that this place has now gone out of business.  Anyone know if this true?
1 ****  closed....closed  ****
4 = = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =  How sad that we have lost this nice Chinese Buffet with it's friendly staff & delicious food!     :-O
