4 I came in when my kitty, Heiko, dislocated his elbow. I called early in the morning (around 1am) and left a message saying that I'd like to get in that day. They called me as soon as they got in the office (730am) and made an appointment for that same day.  I got in and the staff was nice and helpful.  As others have said, Dr. Chen is a little quirky, but who cares?  A few negative notes are as follows - I had to have 2 x-rays done on Heiko. The first one was indeterminate. The second one was more explicit. However, while I think of myself intelligent and in tune with anatomy (humans and animals, at least in general) I could not for the life of me understand what Dr. Chen saw in the picture. I didn't doubt that he knew something was wrong, but being the cynic that I am, I wanted to understand what exactly was up. I didn't so I had to just take his word on it. Secondly, he prescribed my cat Metacam.  In the past the makers of Metacam prescribed it to cats and dogs alike. But recently they pulled the suggested use for cats. Dr. Chen called them and they still said it was OK for cats, but at a lower dose than for dogs. When I went to the surgery room at Southwest Veterinary Surgical Service Dr. Enwiller suggested that I don't give him the Metacam, but instead the Buprenex. She explained to me that the makers of Metacam pulled the suggested use on cats because they saw cats start having kidney failure while on Metacam. Maybe I shouldn't fault Dr. Chen as Metacam used to be used for cats... but at the same time when he saw the suggested use for Metacam on cats disappear, I would have hoped he found out exactly why.  With that said I did get a big bottle for the price of a little bottle because he was out. But still, that is irrelevant when it is something that may harm my pet. I'm pretty laid back, but I can see some people getting pretty pissed if they found out something like this.  Does all that make me not want to take my pet here again? Nah. I liked it there.
2 For a long time we brought both out cats and our dog to see Dr. Chen. However, when we discovered that our dog had blood in her stools and a large growth that pained her when she pottied, we made an appointment at Pride Animal Hospital. Of course they asked to do a fecal sample, but when Dr. Chen examined our dog, he said he found nothing wrong. He even asked if we could "take a picture".Dr. Chen ended the appointment at that.    The growth was large enough for us to see and was obviously causing our dog pain. So, we saw another vet and it didn't take long for them to find the large growth. After removal they found that it was cancerous.  I am not concerned about Dr. Chen's personality, but more his manner. I don't believe for a minute that he lacks care or concern for animals, but his ultra-informal attitude and lack of explanations do not help me respect him as a professional.
5 Dr. Chen is great, they saw our Benji with little notice.
