3 Lame! Went there for the deal on soda and free water. They said no coupon no water...Lame! Printed one off of the Internet and went back. At first they said no, then I suggested that they just take it as it doen not say anywhere not to. The cashier all of sudden he miraculously pulled out a coupon of his own, scanned the UPC code, and let me have my water! Yes, plus the other water I was previously denied. Now that is what I am talking about! Reel customer (me) service. Getting things done and not making me act like a Big Richard! I am sure that Mr. Sears went out of his way to recruit, retain, and please his customers.
5 Rosanne was Awesome! No she knows all about customer service! How do I know? Because we talked about it. Albertsons is lucky to have someone of Rosanne's caliber working for them. She talks the talk and walks the walks!  Albertsons had a crazy sale on Soda...4 12packs for$ 8.88 + a free case of water. The selection was picked through each day I was there. I got a few sodas and Roxanne offered me a rain check for my favorite flavors.
4 I like albertsons with the self check kiosks.  I hate the fact that not all of them have them like this one for instance. I am not anti social i just feel i get the job done faster on my own since ive had more than 3 years experience in groceries previously.  What i did happen to love though is that once in a blue moon alberstons has an amazing deal and random acts of great customer service like the other day hence the review the service came from a guy that worked in the meat department.  Not every day someone approaches you when you really need help or have questions and do not have to find someone to help you.  Wasn't the case this time. He approached me! AWESOME!
4 This Albertson's is such an improvement on the other store that is located on Rural and Guadalupe.    Big, open store with wide aisles.  Clean and stocked well.  Went in today for several sale items and was pleased to see that they had the items in stock.  Friendly employee who rang my order.
5 Great prices and very friendly staff. The staff is helpful, I needed something they walked me right to it. I am impressed on the selection and prices. I won't shop anywhere else but here. Parking lot is clean and restrooms too!
