4 I had never been to a jewelry store to get work done on a piece, but the person I worked with made me feel comfortable enough that I didn't feel stupid. They also did great work, and I'll probably go back if I want to buy any jewelry.
5 LOVE LOVE LOVE this jewelry store!  If you like one of a kind, unique pieces of jewelry - this is your place.  If I win the lottery, a majority of my winnings will be spent in this store!  The staff are knowledgeable, friendly and extremely nice.  If you are looking to have a custom piece made, this is the place to go.
4 I'll admit I'm spoiled by my jeweler back home with whom my family has been doing business for over 60 years. So I have a pretty high standard with jewelers, and Coffin & Trout's salesman Ed lived up to it!  I was in the market for a new timepiece, and went to Coffin & Trout to do a bit of window shopping. I'd had so-so visits there before ( they give off a vibe that clearly expresses that they feel you shouldn't walk in wearing non-designer clothes or without each hair in place, as you will be deemed unworthy of excellent customer service), but knew they carried what I was looking for, so I decided it was worth a try.  I luckily got Ed as my salesman! He was very kind and knowledgeable about the item I wanted to buy, and took a LOT of time with both myself and my husband, going over each detail of the watch I liked. He knew that I was not in that day to make a purchase, but he shared his time with us like we were going to purchase the entire store.   My husband and I left, with the intent to shop around a bit more. However, because Ed was such a great person to work with, two hours later, we turned around and returned to Coffin & Trout (and Ed!) and purchased the watch. I would not have done that without the excellent customer service from Ed.  Ed carried it a step further by calling the next day and making sure I was still happy with my purchase and that all was as expected. That little touch was the mark of excellent customer service to me.  After this experience, I'll be sure to give Coffin & Trout my custom in the future!  Thanks, Ed!
5 BLOWN AWAY! Coffin & Trout is by far the best Jeweler that I have ever come across - and I have been to a few in my quest!! My finance proposed with just the diamond so I could choose the setting, which I then thought would be an easy choice - but I was wrong! I easily become overwhelmed by the amount of Jewelers in the Valley and not only that but by the amount of different designs out there; it then became apparent that no Jeweler had the design I was looking for (of course)! Which is when I decided that having it custom made was my best option.   My dreams came true when I found Coffin & Trout I did my research and from the reviews I knew they would be good and they definitely met my expectations. I walked in and felt immediately welcomed by Leo and why I say this is because a few Jewelers seemed fairly judging and surly but Coffin & Trout made you feel like family.  Leo welcomed us and was unbelievable, his customer service was exceptional, he wanted to work with us and design the ring I wanted. He listened to everything I had to say, which was close to 1hr and also gave me his opinion. He was very knowledgeable and understanding towards me. He was able to show me the size of diamonds I was looking at having on my setting, which was an important thing to me. He worked with my budget and he was not pushy at all he gave me the option to wait until the wax and pictures were ready and if I still did not like I was not obliged to go ahead. They did not ask for any deposit ahead of time like a lot of other Jewelers. I honestly couldn't have asked for a better understanding young man. Communication was another key point I would like to focus on when he told me he would be in contact that was definitely what he meant! He phoned me nearly everyday with an update or emails with pictures etc. and when the wax was ready.   I was also flying back to England and asked if they could have it ready before hand, which they did and that I'm sure was not as easy task as I had left it 3 weeks until I went back.  The day came when I was able to go down to Coffin & Trout to pick up the ring and I was blown away! It was absolutely stunning. It was everything I wanted. Overall I cant say how happy I am to have found a Jeweler like Coffin & Trout and have Leo as my design consultant. His customer service was outstanding and knowledgeable, alongside his kindness. He gave me a stress free and pleasant experience. I didn't have to worry about anything everything was in his hands and I trusted him 100%.  Just to top everything off they were so kind and thoughtful to produce me an amazing disk with some amazing pictures of my ring being made (great job Kevin!) and a few videos this really was outstanding I cant begin to say how happy and grateful I am for all that you have done for me.  Thank you Leo and Kevin Katie x
5 I Loved Ed at coffin and trout!!!! I went in to get ideas and design a ring with my friend about 6 months ago. There styles are elegant and also unique which i loved. Ed and the whole staff where very creative and knowledgable on fine jewelry. From the minute I walked in to the minute I left I felt like he had my best interest at heart. Ed never made me feel any pressure in buying and he took a ton of time walking me through the process. Being in sales and the service industry that stood out to me. There take on the ring bands are really cool, quality is superb, and even though it is high end and more than some people may want to spend there jewelry speaks for itself .We wanted quality and that is exactly what we got. After my amazing experience my boyfriend went in a few months later to design and get our ring. I didn't know this at the time and I later found out that he to had an amazing experience as well. Ed took very good care of him and made a conscious effort to bring in different diamonds and helped him add his own touches along with educating him and making it fun. We both couldn't be happier. We will return for my fiancé ring and for many more items of jewelry. Thank you coffin and trout for making our special day come true!
5 I had a slight idea what type of engagement ring my now fiancee wanted. I went in to see Ryan at Coffin and Trout and he helped me through the whole process and was great to work with. He helped me find the perfect diamond that fit both my budget and my liking. His designers built a CAD computer rendering for my approval first and then built a full scale model out of plastic so I could see and feel the ring with the diamond in it. The ring was custom and they had it made pretty quickly.   I had no idea what size ring to get so with the help of Ryan, we selected a size that was pretty close. His great advice was to make sure the ring was not too small. I would have hated it if I got down on one knee and proposed and the ring didn't fit on her finger. She was able to go in when we got back from our vacation and they fitted the ring for her.   We would give Coffin and Trout 10 Stars out of 10 and will be customers for life. They all went out of their way to work with me and meet my budget. We got a gorgeous custom ring, excellent customer service and the whole experience exceeded our expectations.   If you know what you want in a ring or are just starting the search, trust me, go see the great people at Coffin and Trout.
5 Extraordinary designs and quality! I have been a customer for nearly 20 years and have never been disappointed. I took my wedding in to have it redesigned and sized. I wouldn't have trusted it with anyone else. It was such a nice experience. They are attentive, patient, prompt, friendly, and courteous. I was extremely happy and I love the finished design. If you want a piece that's unique, beautiful, and high quality, you have to visit Coffin & Trout. Thank you Danielle for helping me achieve just what I wanted!
5 Coffin and Trout is the BEST! They helped me design the engagement and wedding ring of my DREAMS! And helped my husband pick out an exquisite diamond!   I wanted something unique and different. Ryan and his team worked with me every step of the way and I ended up with the PERFECT ring.  They custom designed my ring by taking into account all of the things I liked and wanted in a ring. They are so talented! They designed and created the ring of my dreams. It was exactly what I wanted.  Their staff is so talented, helpful and incredibly processional! Also their design is incredibly comfortable and never swivels around my finger - I will never wear a traditionally "round" ring again!   Their creative design, incredible experience, and amazing customer service is top-notch! I would highly highly recommend Coffin and Trout. I won't go anywhere else for my jewelry needs! AMAZING!
5 Coffin and Trout was the first jewelry store I contacted for an engagement ring and it ended up being the right choice. Not only did Ryan guide me through the process of selecting a setting, but he also recommended several diamonds that were a perfect match for the ring and my budget.   My fiancée could not be happier with the ring; it is absolutely gorgeous and she gets compliments everywhere we go. Not to mention the fact that I catch her looking at it in awe every day. If you're looking for the perfect balance of high quality jewelry and excellent customer service, visit Coffin and Trout. It will definitely exceed your expectations.
5 I absolutely love this place! My husband started it by getting my engagement ring here. It is absolutely beautiful! Amazing craftsmanship! When we bought our wedding  rings there it was just a wonderful experience. We still go in every once in a while to get the rings cleaned and they are always so great! It is pricey but worth it!
5 I was looking for a jeweler to provide my engagement ring. Being an important occasion, I wanted to get a beautiful ring from someone knowledgable who provided great customer service. On my first visit I met Ed. He sat me down and casually filled me in on the Coffin & Trout difference. I ultimately chose to work with Ed and he helped me create a stunning ring for my fiancé. It was nice to have Ed on my corner as he helped me get the most from my investment, both financially and creatively.  He and C&T are definitely the best I encountered and I'll be back time and time again.
5 After an extensive hunt for a Diamond necklace 10 years ago, I ended up in this beautiful store.  As an AZ native, I heard wonderful things about the business, but being (at the time) in my early 20s I didn't think I could afford one of their pieces.  The jeweler and sales person I first encountered when I walked in the store sealed the deal.  They were patient, kind, informative, and helpful.  They made me feel relaxed and welcome.  The store is like a museum.  I could look around for hours.  Each piece is original.  The attention to detail is evident, the craftsmanship superb, the term "quality" really does not do the jewelry justice.  I have worn my necklace with pride every day for over 10 years.  It is still as beautiful as when I bought it.  I have had no problems whatsoever with it and it was recently appraised for a value well beyond its purchase price.  This year I bought another necklace for my mother as a gift.  The customer service I received was top notch.  The sales assistant (Jewelry Professional) Danielle was an absolute pleasure to deal with.  The transaction was seamless and was done entirely via phone and email.  I recommend this store to everyone I know that loves jewelry.  You will not regret a purchase from here and you will be the lucky owner of a unique creation that receives compliments time and time again.
