3 I like this location because they have a drive-thru. Even though there is almost always a long line, they get you on your way fast. The staff is friendly and competent. Also, they rarely run out of anything (other locations seem to go through their entire inventory of breakfast sandwiches and scones by 9am).  If you are the type that does not drink your morning coffee inside a moving vehicle, they also have comfy chairs inside and decent patio seating.  The patio faces the parking lot and drive-thru but it does have shade umbrellas so it can be very pleasant in the morning.
5 I love this location!  The morning crew remember my very complicated drink and greet me by name when I walk in (They do this a for a LOT of am regulars...that's impressive!).  Chris is awesome and friendly perfect for my non morning person attitude.  Puts a smile on my face!  Keep it up-  Love: Starbucks Venti Double shot +/- add shot.  6 pumps white mocha and 4 Sugar Free Hazlenut, nonfat with cinammon dulce powder on top.
4 Ok....generally I would not review a Starbucks....BUT I go to this one fairly often considering it is in the parking lot where I park my car on thurs during my internship....long story, whatever. So it's generally pretty good, but today I was in line behind this van for like a bazillion years (15 min).... I got up to the window and the girl had my drink ready AND gave it to me for free! WooHoo! That was super awesome. So for that reason, this location is cool in my book.
5 I have a Starbucks closer to my house right on Ray and 101. BUT always go to this location on Ray & McClintock. The staff here is great. I especially love the drive thru lady who works Mon to Fri (she isn't there weekends). Being a Starbucks addict, having the same friendly barista is something I prefer. My drink is always made correctly. Which when I walk in and order from someone I don't know, it seems to be a 50/50 on if it is made correct. Only thing I request extra is chocolate drizzle inside cup. Lots of Starbucks mess that part up. So I use drive thru every time now, knowing my drink will come out correct. Service is quick too. Never long lines.
3 There are 3 drive thru Starbucks on Ray/Rural, Ray/McClintock, Ray/101N. I come here the most, in-store and drive thru. Honestly, the staffs here seem a bit indifferent or at least they made me feel like they are better than me. However, the drive thru here seem to be the quickest out off all.
