5 My fiance and I came to Ben Bridge after a horrendous experience at a London Gold. We were pretty upset, but the salesperson at Ben Bridge put us at ease. We told her our price range and what we were looking for and she went to work finding us the best diamond for our budget. She even spent time educating us on the different grades of diamonds and their colors. We ended up purchasing a lovely white gold engagement ring with a princess cut diamond and a white gold wedding band to match. I was so pleased with the service and the prices as well as the selection. I wish I could remember the name of the saleswoman who helped us. I have recommended Ben Bridge to several friends since our visit there.
1 I came in her with my friend looking for a gemstone engagement ring for her. The salesperson offered no further assistance after stating that only diamonds are suitable for engagement rings because other gemstones are too soft and will have to be replaced "regularly." Obviously diamonds are the most durable stones, but if sapphires are good enough for Kate Middleton, they're certainly good enough for the commoners. We know commissions are highest on diamond sales, but perhaps work with your customers' requests and you might get some commission instead of none.
2 I purchased 2 Pandora charms and a bracelet. One of the charms chipped after 5 months, I returned it and received awesome service, a new charm and a polished bracelet.  Fast forward.... Same charm chipped again, this time service was HORRIBLE. The saleslady insinuated that I didn't even purchase my charm from them, because it was missing something. Then she said I smashed it. Once she pulled up the receipt she said she was not able to replace the charm because it was passed the 90 days and management would have to approve.  When I returned the charm the first time it was 5 months after the purchase. Thanks to Foresquare I have proof. Anyway, I was expecting her to inspect my bracelet or offer to clean and polish it. I received nothing, not even the phone call from the manager which I left with the damaged charm. Needless to say I will never purchase another piece from this jeweler. And I will also be contacting Pandora on merchants not standing behind their product. Shop at your own risk.   2 stars because the other lady and the original gentleman were very nice. He's no longer there.
4 I was very impressed by the professionalism and courtesy of manager Susan Jacobsen. She was a total pro, despite a difficult return due to a case of "unprepared male purchasing jewelry." She asks the right questions, and goes the extra mile. Four stars because when I had to return the jewelry, she helped me throughout the process. Will definitely come back in the future, and especially recommend for guys who need help with their options.
