2 While on a business trip to Florence, and friend recommended 2 Mexican food restaurants in Florence. I've tried the other place (L & B Inn), so I thought I try this one. Bad choice. I had the red chili burrito with a side of rice. The red chili sauce was awful, and the rice was mushy and wet. I would definitely recommend L & B over Old Pueblo, at least for red chili burritos. There was a pretty good crowd in the place, so they must be doing something right. But not right by me.
3 The food here is pretty good, and it is a welcome departure from the bland Mexican chain restaurants in the phoenix area. Old Pueblo is pretty small, and it is always quite crowded, but it has a nice small town feel to it.
4 The place is small with a diner feel to it. The waitress Mayra was very friendly and recommended the enchiladas. I am not usually a fan of the enchilada - but she was so enthusiastic I ordered them. I was not disappointed!  The shredded beef was very favorable, tasted like pot roast. The cheese enchilada was delicious!  The sauce was good, salsa is homemade and very good with a little bit of a kick. We are glad we stopped here!
4 Had the enchiladas - cheese and shredded beef - and some mini chimichangas which were both good. Salsa is fresh and tasty. Friendly service. Will be back next time I'm in Florence!
1 We went to the Renaissance Festival and didn't want to stop and get fast food so we googled local restaurants and there weren't many choices.  We stopped here and that was a huge mistake.  The place wasn't very busy but it took almost an hour to get our food.  When it finally arrived, one plate was wrong and my son never received his.  The waitress blamed the slow service on the diabetic cook.  The lady who rung us up said the ktichen wasn't slow and proceeded to tell us our waitress didn't even put our entire order in after all.  We heard other tables complaining about the service too, many of them appeared to be locals.  Sad that in a local, small place like this the team cannot even get along and shifts the blame back and forth.  Besides the service, I tasted nothing special about the food and would never return.
3 Good mexican food. Busy place. Reasonable prices. I recommend it.
4 We go for the fresh tortillas, and sometimes just buy those and nothing else.  The place is a hole in the wall with charm, and the food is good - but the tortillas are AWESOME.
3 We went with a large group of people.  I called ahead and they had a table set up for us - service is very, very good.  We were promptly served our drinks, along with chips and salsa.  I liked the chips and salsa a lot.  I ordered a chile relleno and enchilada plate.  It was enough to feed at least two people.  The chile relleno was kind of weird ... like chile strips and cheese mixed together and fried up in a batter - it was OK but way too much cheese for me.  Same with the enchiladas - great sauce and tortillas, but very heavy on the cheese.  Next time I will order the enchiladas and ask for onion and light on the cheese.
3 I agree with several other reviews that the food could use a lot more seasoning but it was A-ok. The server was very friendly and the food was reasonably fast. The portions were good and the prices fair. The place looked clean and since I am stuck in Florence for work, it is a good little mexican food place to have nearby. I had the sredded beef burrito with green enchilada sauce. My two coworkers had the taco salads and said they were good as well. The chips and salsa were good as well!
4 Torture, as defined by Webster is the act of deliberately inflicting pain, which is exactly what I did Saturday. With #19 molar in need of an immediate extraction, I came here anyway, throbbing tooth and all. Big mistake.   The pre-meal tortilla chips were difficult to resist, igniting nothing short of a masochistic dining event.  The menudo was white and bland as hell, but the tripe was perfectly cooked.  My wife's flauta's were crunchy enough to send me through the rafters with each torturous, but delicious bite.   The only thing I could wolf handily was her refried beans and some handmade flour tortillas which were too, too good.   I looked like Senator McCain after eating here, but it was worth it.
3 Had breakfast this morning with 3 adults and a small child. Food was very good, good waitress, but the kitchen was quite slow. Would definitely go back again and try lunch and dinner.
1 Made a mistake...thought this was the place I had been before several years back. It was not. The food was poor, they added on for sour cream, sauce on my burrito, beans, etc. the bill doubled. No mention of any additional costs by the waitress. The service was equally lacking. They simply didn't seem to care or be happy to be working there. Upon leaving...realized the place I meant to go was only two blocks farther up the street.
1 Came to Florence for business. Had already been given suggestions by co-workers to go to L&B or Jalapeño but the person at our destination recommended Pueblo. Thinking that they would know best we decided to give it a try. However, I am now thinking we should have gone to her highest recommendation which was the Greek place.    The restaurant was packed and we were given three options of where to sit.  We shared a long table with four other guests.  Immediately we overheard them complaining to the waitress about their wait time for the food.  The server responded, "The meat is raw and it takes time to cook."  Then two minutes later she walked out with a cheese crisp with some severely shredded meat so I was slightly confused. Then the waitress told one of the patrons there was no chicken.  I thought, why didn't she tell him when he ordered not when his table was getting their food.  We ended up with the same waitress.  She said, "What would you like? Anything but chicken."  I ordered carne asada and my co-worker ordered machaca.  We were told prior to ordering by the hostess that it takes a while to cook those two meals. We weren't in a hurry. After we placed out order we thought maybe we should've said we wanted chicken and leave.  To the food: rice was mush (as other yelpers stated).  The machaca meat I think was shredded beef jerky, extra salty.  Kind of tasted "funny." My co-worker only took a few bites then threw in the napkin.  My bad for thinking the carne asada was a steak plate like it said in the menu description because it was fajitas.  Over cooked vegetables and really confused on what the meat was.  I had a few more bites and then had enough.  The wait staff obviously has a lack of pride for their employer and showed it in their faces especially when two parties of six came in when we were paying our bill and the person who was setting up the tables made a face right in front of everyone.    Bottom line is I would definitely bypass Pueblo and try some where else....Greek anyone?
4 Service was a little slow but everybody was super nice and the food was delicious. Homemade tortillas, really greasy and yummy homemade chips. I had the eggschilada with hash browns. Cheesy gooey eggy goodness
2 No thanks.  There is only one game in town in Florence, and it's called Jalapeños.  No doubt about it.
