4 I will just say that this is only the second time I have ever been to an eye doctor. In my entire life. I've never had issues with my eyesight fortunately enough. One of my coworkers recommended Gilbert Family Eye Care and when it comes to doctors, I'd rather go on recommendations than what is closest to my house.   Being that this was only my 2nd eye exam and my previous one I don't remember all that well, I walked in not really knowing what to expect.   The receptionist had me fill out the typical forms and I only waited a matter of a few minutes before I was brought back to begin my exam. I went through a series of tests in which each one was explained to me beforehand. It was very comforting to know exactly what I was getting into. Rather than having my pupils dilated I had a photo taken of them, which saves the drama. It was so quick and simple and the results of it were amazing to look at. The back of your eyes look like crazy planets. Just sayin.  The doctor went through the test results and the pictures for me and told me things I never even knew about my eyes and double checked before I left to ensure all my questions about any of the results had been answered. He was super friendly and informative and I felt completely comfortable there.   What do I wish was different? I inquired about receiving a digital copy of the photographs that were taken and was told they would be emailed to me. After waiting a day I called back, and was told they would be sent today. I still haven't received them, which means I have to find time to call back tomorrow.
5 My first experience was a positive one.    Read reviews on Yelp and called for an appointment.  They were able to see me the same day and I found the office comfortable with the feel of a small town/neighborhood doctor, which I was looking for.  Too many doctors today work for chains and push their patients through the visit with minimal effort to engage in a personal connection with their patient. Not here!  I met with Doctor Lance Williams who introduced himself as Lance and then took time to learn about me and my family. He was friendly and professional.  Even taking time to chat with my fiance about Disney (refering to the shirt she was wearing) and inquire about our family.    Gilbert Family Eye Center made me feel welcome and at home.  I would recommend this office to anyone seeking an alternative to the cookie-cutter chain run stores that have the ambiance of a food court rather than a local doctor.  As for cost, I found their price comparible to most and with my insurance I walked in and out (with a new pair of glasses) after a co-pay of only $10.
5 I took my Grandpa here and the doctor was really good with explaining what was wrong with his eyes. I have nothing bad to say about this place so far I will be coming back time and time.
4 I am not used to medical assistants conducting some of the eye tests, but the the medical technician explained the  purpose of each test, and did them quickly. Dr. Wood was really pleasant, and made eye exam easy and comfortable. Randi helped me in high over my vision insurance coverage to determine the most cost effective way to cover both contact lenses and glasses/lenses.
