5 When you think of the storage business sometimes a certain stereotype may come to mind. Well not at this particular storage location. The salesperson I dealt with was Priscilla and she was very professional and friendly. I did a lot of shopping around and she was very persistent and eventually made the sale. They have a large moving truck you can sign up for and use for free you just pay for the gas. I honestly would drive across town for this experience and I will definitely refer them to anyone that asks. Thanks!!!
5 I can't say enough about this storage center. I was moving from Arizona to Eugene Oregon with my sons. We had so much to do in a short amount of time.We needed to store some items while we emptied out our house. The manager Priscilla was wonderful to work with. She helped us in every way she could. Five stars for Five star service from start to finish. If you need storage this is the place to go.
5 I've had my stuff here for over 3 years in an air conditioned unit and I am so happy with their service.  Not one bad incident or negative thing to say about them.  Priscilla is a rock star manager.  At one point, the entire facility switched to new locks and I wasn't able to make it down to my unit to put a new lock on.  Priscilla did it for me and kept my keys safe until I could make it down there.  Another time, I sent my BFF to my unit so she could get my dryer out when hers broke.  Uncle Bobs called me right away to let me know there was a huge scary looking dude taking stuff out of my storage.  I really appreciated the call and told her it was my friends husband.  They let me use a moving truck when I moved my stuff in and when I moved it out, for FREE.  I basically kept the storage for so long because I have this china hutch that is so unique and I absolutely love it. There was other stuff in there but I completely forgot what any of it was.  Let me tell you, being reunited with a bunch of things you loved enough to store for 3 years but forgot all about- that feels like Christmas!
5 I am so glad I choose Uncle Bobs storage.  I recently opened up my own business and they receive orders for me so I don't have to be there. This gives me more time to gain new business.  It is like having a full time employee working for you.  As my business grows I hope I can hire Prescilla to work for me.  She is the most dedicated employee I have ever seen.  This is the first review I have ever done but I wanted to let everyone know.  Prescilla is a hardworking, honest, and enjoyable person.
5 Priscilla is AMAZING. I have never rented a storage unit before and Pricilla made the process as easy as possible.  She really goes above and beyond to take care of her customers. After calling multiple storage facilities near my home I decided to rent a unit with Uncle Bobs from this location which happened to be further from my home but worth the drive.  All because of Priscilla.  I felt confident that my valuables were safe and Priscilla would be on site to to answer all my questions and take care of everything.  Plus what a bonus to be able to use the Uncle Bobs truck for my move.
