4 Great place to go bowling with a group of friends. The bill can add up quickly though it seems even with "all you can bowl nights" at about $17 not including a few drinks. I do like (and maybe I don't go bowling enough) that they allow you to suggest songs, old school or not, and tend to at least play them. If it's something you do once a month or as a family it's definitely a good time and in terms of safety,etc there is a mix of young and old and the teens present didn't seem obnoxious our rowdy. I also like the fact that you can choose your own balls and not be limited to one that the guy behind the counter hands you (as they do at the Thomas/Scottsdale Rd. location). Definitely a place I'd go to despite the distance from my house and always a good combo after eating In'n Out nearby with my friends.
4 My normal lanes are the Tempe Village lanes (US60 and Rural). However, this one is closer to my house and I go when I just want to work on my game.   I like these lanes, for some reason better than the TV lanes. Maybe it is fresher oil? Not sure but I have my two highest games scored here.  No comments on the food, but seems like the normal food.  I also like the bowling pro shop here.
5 There is much to like here.  The lanes are well cared for, the staff is always quick to help and the environment is enjoyable for having a good time.  I've bowling in a league here for almost two years and everyone here does a great job helping out.  Food is good, music is good and the prices are right.  What's not to love?
3 Not really the best bowling experience I've ever had.     The General manager did not look like he wanted to be there. He seemed annoyed when I was paying admission. He seemed even more annoyed (as was I) when my fiance' decided she needed socks as well and he already had run my card.     In fact, no one seemed to want to be there that evening. I don't expect everyone to LOVE their job insanely at all times, but when I drop almost $100 dollars on two people (admission, socks, food, and beer)  in a place, I'd like to see a smile or two.     Went for an evening extreme skate. The light show was awesome and set the mood. The music selection was decent but the speakers were awful. I think they only had half of them working because I only ever heard half a song.    Wasn't a terrible experience. It's a fun and clean place with affordable prices. However, if I decide to spend that much again, I may find a place where they seem happy to take my money, and I can hear an entire song.
5 I love McRay Lanes! We've been bowling here at least once a week for almost 2 years now and I have never had a bad experience. Chris, the GM is always happy to see us and welcomes us with a smile! Managers Jenni and Sue are super helpful and have gotten to know us very well. Helen and Carla behind the bar and snack shop are hands-down the best! Carla always remembers what I want to drink and Helen is so friendly, I just love seeing her every time we go! The lanes are oiled regularly and I've never had a problem with the equipment. I look forward to bowling here for many years to come! :)
5 Always a great time here! The staff is friendly and helpful. The place is always clean. The Summer bowling program for kids is great!
5 My wife and I don't bowl... We decided to have a date night bowling, McRay was close to our home.... We had a great time, it was very clean, the lanes were modern.... The staff was helpful... The loser had to buy dinner... I bought dinner!!...
1 We had come here a handful of times since moving in down the street. I signed up for the eclub they have online and got a coupon for a special price on bowling but it was only for specific times and only during Mon - Fri. So we came in on a Friday, the last day of the coupon, and only had an hour left to bowl. For us that was perfect. Well when I gave the coupon to the girl at the desk she told me they couldn't do that tonight because they were using 8 lanes for leaguers. Ummm, ok, what about your other 20-some lanes available? We were really upset that they wouldn't honor their own coupon due to a couple leagues coming in! Your leagues are not the only place you receive revenue. Your non league bowlers should be given the same courtesy and respect. Obviously here we're not. She was extremely rude and the manager was standing right there and didn't say anything so obviously he didn't care. So I emailed AMF, which I'm pretty sure it didn't go to any corporate office, it was directed back to the people who run this location. The response I got was this, "So what do you want?" Seriously!!?!!! Never mind then! I never wrote back and we''ll never be going back. Brunswick will be getting our dollars from now on.
3 I don't bowl, but I make a fierce cheerleader. So when CJ invited me to a Democratic fundraiser for another district, I jumped on it. Even though, as CJ pointed out, I'm not a registered Democrat. Whatever. The lanes seemed nice, but more importantly they have good, cold beer. Their food leaves a bit to be desired, especially when the beer goes down so smoothly.  On a side note, we had some fantastic gay drama towards the end of the night. It almost wrecked my buzz.
4 In the world of bowling alleys, this one is great. We went as part of a large birthday party on a Saturday night. Given that half the group was intoxicated, the staff was incredibly patient with dumb people having fun bowling. It's a good price for the Extreme bowling. But what impressed me the most is that the place is sparkling clean.
4 Great value for the money! Cheaper than Main Event. $25 for 2 hours of bowling vs $42 an hour at the Main Event.   Went here with my daughter on a Friday night and had a blast. Only issue I had was lane 10 was super oily! I had to ask for a towel and keep wiping my ball off. Super friendly staff and overall good experience.   We will be back!
2 This is a nice bowling place for families, people aren't too rowdy and loud. No wait. BUT they have the SLOWEST bartender and kitchen. I literally stood and watched for 10 minutes while she made one drink and a draft beer. It was like she was on slow mode. I stood at the food counter for 5 minutes before I was helped and then she told me to wait because someone else's order took 40 minutes and she needed to finish it. Meanwhile my bowling minutes are waiting away. And this was on a Saturday night.
4 I have been to this bowling alley a couple of times in the past year and it has been great both times. Today we arrived around 4pm and they were having a deal for unlimited pizza and bowling all day. The customer service was great from start to finish. We were all brought indivdual slices of pizza and whenever we wanted another slice it was always hot and fresh, the pizza here is actually really good.   The bowling alley itself is really clean and the lanes are very well maintained. Whoever is managing this bowling alley, they are doing a great job! They also had Blue Moon on tap which was also a plus. The music could have been a touch louder which I have never said about a bowling alley but they were playing great music and it would have been nice to hear it. Overall great experience! I will be back for more fun times!
5 Every time we have been to this bowling ally they have been nothing but hospitable and the customer service is excellent!  The GM, Chris, is very classy and always very accommodating. He has created a great culture at this establishment.  We will definitely be back with friends!
5 I've been going approx 4 x week this summer since summer hours have started earlier. Love the staff. They always remember me and what my husband & I like no matter how busy they are. Sometimes they get slammed right at opening time with large crowd and can't get all things ready to go, but this bowling alley is awesome. Don't know what night or weekend staff is like. Wish the videos were a bit more kid friendly as many kids are there during the day.
