5 This is the BEST place to get your nails done!   I have been going here since they opened.  I have tried other salons since moving, but always go back to Elite.   All of the Nail technicians here do a great job.  You don't have to make an appointment, and you never have to worry about how your nails will turn out - they ALL do a beautiful job!
5 Elite nails does a fantastic job, especially for the cost! I love the experience of going Here. My pedicure always lasts for a long time. The manicure is much shorter life, but for the price you can afford to go more often!
5 Seriously the best pedicure in the valley. They include a lot of extras that many salons charge extra for - e.g hot stone massage on your feet, steamy towels over your entire calf and feet, and an extra long leg and foot massage. Also, you can expect that the person at the front desk (the owner I assume) will ask you for honest feedback on your services and sincerely thank you for your business every time. Great value, great service and highly recommended.
4 If you are looking through Yelp reviews to find a great nail salon, your search is over. Elite Nails is the BEST! I just moved to town, and have been looking for a new nail salon. I am crazy about having well manicured nails, and very picky about who I go to. I have been disappointed by several places in town, until I found Elite Nails. I am very impressed by how well I was taken care of, my nails look great, and the pedicure was amazing! Best massage chair ever! The regular pedicure is only $25 and comes with an exfoliating scrub and hot stone massage! Everyone was very professional while being friendly, they were easy to communicate with, and it was clear to see the people working there not only knew what they were doing but genuinely enjoyed their job. The salon itself is beautifully decorated, clean and comfortable. I'll definitely be back.
5 They do a wonderful job!! Neena was the one who did my pedicure. She was really nice.
5 I am skeptical about nail salons & fungus...I have to say I love to see the nail techs clean & sanitize the chairs & foot baths after each customer. And I love to see the autoclave sitting right there in the salon. I will always go to Elite Nails!
1 I was so mad when I left this place. Just moved to the Chandler area so I am not familiar with any shops. My mom was in town for the holidays and I made an appt for us to get mani and pedis. My mom is 91 yrs old, broke her arm so it's in a sling, and blind. When we got there, first they were not friendly and kept staring at my mom's hands. After I got her seated, I went to find a polish for her and the lady who was in the waiting area told me they can't do "old ladies" polish because they mess them up too much when drying. They said they didn't have ultra violet lights. I have never heard of such a thing, she gets her nails and toes done every 2 weeks in California and I have had mine done all over the valley, never experienced this before. I tried to explain to her that my mom had manicures regularly and she proceeded to argue with me and refused to do her nails.   I took my mom and left. We drove around for an hour trying to find somewhere and finally found a very nice place with lovely people.   Very rude and not accomodating at all.
4 I read the Yelp reviews and was really very impressed so today I went and got a full set (acrylics) and a French manicure. My nail technician really did a fantastic job and the place was packed! The hustle-bustle aside, the environment was relaxing (new age music and no TVs - yay!), it was clean/organized and people were very friendly.   Unfortunately, my nail technician had no interest in talking with me (maybe had a bad day?) but once my nails were done (not even dry) she couldn't leave her station fast enough.   I'll be back but I won't have (she never told me her name!) that nail technician again.
5 The place was so clean, and they had candles burning throughout which was a nice surprise.  I had a pedicure for 25 dollars that was better than some of the spas around PHX for much more money!  I will defiently be back!
5 5 Stars is not enough for the best nail salon in all of AZ! I wish other nail places were as good, yet I've tried far too many and none come close!  Sarah and Alicia are my fav with sculps!!!
1 Huh, I must really be missing something here. This was so not the 5-star experience I was expecting based on previous reviews. Perhaps I just don't enjoy getting my nails done as much as the other ladies of Gilbert. We came here on a early weekday afternoon, and it was packed! I counted at least 15 customers in the salon.  The manager was very friendly. We picked out our colors during our short wait, and I was pleased they carried lots of Essie and OPI colors. My nail tech was bad. First, she had the water scalding hot in the foot tub. The pedi was on the painful side, and the leg scrub they used in an unmarked bottle seemed kind of sketchy. She was rude about the light color nail polish that I chose (because it required an extra coat?), and she made an insulting remark about my unshaved legs. Sorry, but I come from an infectious diseases background, and I'm not going to risk getting a bacterial or fungal infection from the pedicure tub.  The manicure was bad too. She nicked my cuticles in a couple places, and the harsh chemicals used gave me a ton of hangnails the next day. She started filing my nails into a square shape without even asking my preference. The techs also ask for payment before the manicure starts which is awkward.  If this trip to Elite Nails served no other purpose, it helped cement in my mind that I don't like strip mall nail salons, and I am better off paying twice as much at an upscale day spa.  **update- I had to take this review down to one star after seeing what has happened to my nails after this manicure (see picture). I must be having a reaction to some chemical that they use. My nails are starting to separate from the nail beds. Doesn't look good. I've never had this problem with any previous manicure.
5 I have been there twice now.  They are a little way from my house so I keep trying to find a place I like as much as Elite. I haven't had any luck. The atmosphere here is clean and they truly show so much consideration for your comfort.  When they do manicures they give you a shoulder massage while your nails are drying. They spend 20 minutes massaging your legs during a pedicure  with hot rocks... They do a great job. Love Elite Nails.
1 Attitude is everything. I have been going to this salon for the past three years and have spent a lot of money there. The nail tech that has been doing my nails was nice at first and as time went by she was ruder and ruder and it's clear to me that she hates her job. One time I went in and she asked me if I had cash for a tip and I told her no so while she was doing my daughter's nails, she actually asked me to go to the ATM and get cash (unreal!).  Another time I was looking at my nails before I put them under the light and she told me I can look at them when she's done! I had picked out a color for my nails and she commented to the nail tech next to her how ugly it was. Just plain RUDE! I've heard other girls come in w/a complaint and the owner's wife gets VERY defensive. I know some other girls that go there and they have the same complaint about the rude techs. My sister went in a couple days after getting her nails done because they were bubbling and the owner's wife actually told my sister that the polish was bubbling because there was something wrong w/her body!!! Unprofessional and uncalled for! These are just the few things I can think of. I kept going there because the prices were right and it was close to my house but the final straw for me was when I took my daughter there because it was her last day in Arizona and she was flying out to CA the next day so I took the day off so we could have a girls day. We had a horrible experience. The nail tech was EXTREMELY rude after I'd spent over $100 there a couple of weeks before this and she didn't do what my daughter had asked but my daughter didn't want to say anything because she didn't want to be treated rudely in a packed salon, which is another problem here. Too many back-to-back appointments. It's more like a factory. In and out and on to the next. I don't care if they do good nails or not, I refuse to spend my hard earned $ in a negative environment. This salon, in my book, gets negative five stars and if they were offering there services for free I would not go there. I have since found a great salon in Scottsdale, the girls are very friendly and professional and actually like their jobs. Glad to be done w/ this horrible, unprofessional place!
4 Elite Nails will forever have my business for pedicures in the Valley. I live in Scottsdale and I drive over to Gilbert to get my nails done because the people in this salon are fantastic at what they do. The place is constantly busy, so appointments are recommended (calling the salon on the drive over is usually enough time to avoid too long a wait for me), although not necessary (unless you're going on a weekend). My pedicures last for a long time (easily a month) and $30 is all it costs for a pedicure (including tip). They take cards, but don't they like adding tips to the cards, so I would recommend paying in cash. I'm not the type of person who enjoys talking to my aesthetician, so the tech's silent 'tude doesn't bother me at all. Bring a magazine and enjoy the clean, comfortable atmosphere.
5 I love this place! I have been going here since I moved to Gilbert 8 years ago! They are ALWAYS friendly and CLEAN!! They have the best massage chairs!
5 This IS the best nail salon in Gilbert. Apple is my girl and she is amazing!! i have an appt in an hour and my nails and toes will be sparkling again. Professional staff, beautiful salon. I can't say enough about it!!!
5 This place is VERY VERY clean!  The owners treat you like royalty!   All of their equipment works - massage chairs are awesome!   My pedicures always last for a month at least!    Cathy L. Gilbert, AZ
5 Elite Nails is very clean, and serve clients in a very warm environment! If you decide to go, visit nail technician Apple! Simply the best!!!
5 Been to a lot of salons in the past but won't go anywhere else now.  Apple is the absolute best!  I get a gel mani every 3 weeks and she does a fantastic job and she's a sweetheart too!  Highly recommend but ask for Apple!
5 Elite Nails Day Spa is a notch up above the rest!  New location is very relaxing and staff is welcoming. My go to gal is Apple! She is an amazing tech and with personality plus. She listens to me and delivers every time. Clean facility too. You won't be disappointed, go.
5 This place is nicer than your typical neighborhood nail salon.  I got a pedi and a gel mani.  The salon was clean and the staff was very nice and friendly.  Not many nail salons tend to have good customer service, but you could tell they made an effort to provide good service here.  Definitely going back!
4 This is the best nail salon I have found in Gilbert so far and believe me- I've visited pretty much all of them in the last year since I moved here.  Every other place I went, I came home pissy because the mani or pedi was not what I had hoped for.  I am so pleased with the gel manicures here- they do an excellent job.  Also a nice, long foot massage with pedis.  Also very clean.  The only reason I give it 4 stars is because some of the staff seems grumpy like they don't want to be there...not all just some.  Kelly is great.
5 Elite is always very clean and very busy! (busy in a good way, not in a wait for an hour way). I have been going to Lisa for a few months now, and I have always received consistently great service and product. It is very obvious that she takes her time to pay attention to the details, which I appreciate. I hate when nail technicians just fly through a gel manicure because it is very noticeable when I get home. The prices are pretty standard, I would say they are on the cheaper end of the spectrum, though. Two thumbs up.
5 Clean, great atmosphere, great service and techs take their time for a good job! I had Mary and she was great. They currently offer 20% off all services... Made a great deal!
3 I am new to Arizona and needed a pedicure really bad.. I usually like places that use the razor type thing on my feet, tends to really get all the dead skin off. My ladies name was Heather. She was very nice and took her time, did great with leg massage.. However now that Im home, my  feet are not soft on the bottom, meaning the dead dry skin didnt get scrubbed or scraped off enough. Thats one of the main reasons I get a pedi.. I mean I'm capable of painting my own toes. I mentioned to her that I typically get the callus removal and she felt it was not needed... Well I guess I know best, $29 later and I have pretty painted toes and dry rough feet still.. Looks like I may be seeking another shop until I find one that fits my needs.. Disapponted because it was a nice and clean salon.
5 Excellent!  I just moved here and tried a few places before I came to Elite Nails.  It is very clean and the décor is lovely.  And no television blaring at you.  Amy, Heather and Sandy all have done excellent work for me.  I highly recommend Elite Nails.  Also, the owner is attentive and organized.
5 Is this place serious? Absolutely lovely space, very clean, well decorated, spacious, etc. All the chairs are very large and comfortable. The salon was spotless and beautiful.   My hands are about as ugly as they come and I'm trying to take better care of my nails. I popped into this place with no appointment and I was accommodated immediately. The salon was busy but not congested or uncomfortable. My nail tech was Mary and she was great.   Like I said, my nails are awful. I just wanted a basic manicure and she made my nails look like I maintain them regularly! She was very meticulous, gentle and careful in her work. I never want people to look at my nails and after my manicure with Mary I'm so proud of how they look! I knicked my polish getting into my car and she was more than gracious when I came back in. She took her time and fixed what I had messed up. I'm so excited to visit again for my occasional manicures and regular pedicures!
5 This salon is very professional and friendly. It's very clean, spacious and it smells like apple pies inside lol. I got a gel manicure and my nail tech Theresa was very engaging and nice. She was meticulous and took her time cleaning my cuticles. The Polish was then applied with extreme care, but the polish I picked didn't want to go on evenly and she showed no sign of annoyance and patiently asked if I wanted to try another color. She was the one who noticed it before I did which is great because I know she didn't feel good sending me out with uneven coats. We finally found a color close enough to the one I originally picked but a little darker and it worked! She was very lovely to have as a tech, I will definitely be back to see her next time as well.  I paid $26 for my gel mani which is a great price compared to other salons I've peeped out. They take card and cash but would rather have the tip in cash! I wanna try a pedi next time! :)
5 I LOVE ELITE NAILS!!! for $25 the pedicure is AMAZEBALLS!!! I'm just Super Sad this place isn't in Los Angeles :(((  But I'm More SO HAPPY that I decided to wait until I got to AZ to get my feets did, cause Elite Nails is THE PLACE TO GO!!!   Everything is Beautiful, the Ambiance and technicians ROCK! Amy did my pedi and her massage was OFF THE HOOK!!! she has the Perfect touch, amount of pressure and her energy is all love!!! then she disappeared for a moment and comes back with HOT STONES to finish off the massage!!! I asked if that was an extra charge (to stop her, lol) and she said no! WHAT?!? it's ALL SPECTACULAR!!!  Get a pedicure here and you won't want to go Anywhere else!!! I want to move this place to Los Angeles!!!!!!!!!!
5 I'll make this simple.  Best nail salon I've ever been to.  When I move away, this will be the only thing I'll miss.  Great service at very affordable prices. I've never once been even slightly disappointed with my nails. They also give very long massages of the legs during the pedicure.  It is amazing.  Just go!
5 Let me just say that I rarely do pedicures and manicures. The lady in front was very nice and very helpful :). Amy was my person and she made me feel comfortable she was quick but she takes the time to make sure there are no mistakes. She even paints the whole nail instead leaving the sides not painted. That's a big deal to me. Some places don't even do that. Her massage was great for the pedicure and I love her design.  For getting the mani and pedi the total was 48.00 and that includes my tip I gave her which she deserves. Trust me this place is worth getting your nails done. I will be coming back for sure :).
1 I had not been to this salon in years but it is near work so had a nail fill over my lunch hour on Feb 13 to prepare for Valentine's Day.  My nail tech was very polite and all seemed to go well until the next day.  I had a gel coating put on my nails (red of course!) and it began peeling off my nails.  My Saturday, less than 48 hours later, six of my nails looked bad, almost without polish at all.  I called the shop Saturday morning and talked with Tim, the owner.  He gave me another number to call for an appointment which I made for 2 pm.  I arrive promptly after a thirty minute drive from my home (this is close to work).  I sat on the sofa for thirty minutes when Tim's wife approached me and said they would only fix two of my nails.  I told her they all needed the gel taken off and redone.  She said they only booked a half hour for me for a redo.  I did not need a fill, just new gel.  They wanted me to reschedule or wait another hour.  I explained I had an appoitment and drove 30 minutes.    Now things got really wierd.  The wife sent me down to the other salon where the husband was.  I sat there another 5 minutes and realized I left my car key laying on the table in front of the sofa.   I went back and it was gone so asked the desk and she said no one turned it in.  A young girl was sitting there and said a woman picked it up and it was the owner's wife.  I approached her and asked for my key, she insisted it was her key.  I then walked down to the husband's salan again and explained I would have to phone the police because my key had been taken and someone obviously has it.  Tim went back to the other shop and miraculously my key appeared.  I left without having my nails repaired.  I will never walk into this shop again.  I see many customers are happy but I am sure they have not tried to get things redone due to their service before.  I was in the salon one hour and did not get one nail repaired.  I had to spend extra money to go to another salon to repair my nails. Maybe if I had a specific nail tech and I had gone there a long time but I found the owners to be abrasive, rude and care only about filling the chairs with customers paying the full amount.,
5 The best nail spa in Gilbert by far. They also have mini pedi's and mani's which are a lot cheaper but almost the same exact thing as the regular manis and pedis.
5 Elite Nails --  NAILED IT.  I was a little skeptical when I saw the Elite Nails sign...because let's fave it, clean nail places are somewhat of a hidden gem in  the East Valley.   Let me say that I was blown away by the cleanliness and gorgeous decor that was awaiting me when I walked through the door. Clean, friendly people, a casual and comfortable atmosphere that is also VERY trendy. They have plenty of massage/pedicure chairs and nail booths...the place is massive inside.  And the best part? They are so reasonably priced! You can get facial waxing for a steal, a mini pedicure for next to nothing...and they do an incredible job.  Try to make an appointment because they fill up pretty quickly with walk ins.  Elite Nails is the cream of the crop. Go get yo nails did.
5 Love this place.  Great prices and Atmosphere.  Apple is amazing with designs!
5 I booked elite nails for myself and my wedding party on my wedding day. The salon was extremely clean and was easy to get to. The staff and owner were all friendly - one of the ladies painted my 2-year-old niece's toes and hands without a problem. There was plenty of room for all of us and they were accommodating when some of the party showed up late.  Oh and the pedicure for 25.00 is amazing! It includes hot stones and a leg massage!
2 I normally don't write reviews but I had such a bad experience and don't want someone else to have the same. Got my gel manicure and days later almost all my nails started to lift. I figured I would go in and they would fix at no charge right? Well I call in and the man  wouldn't even let me speak and kept talking over me saying it was my fault and that gel last 1 week. Hmm I was told 2-3 weeks. Nice clean salon but very very bad customer service and quality.
5 Love this salon! Excellent customer service, clean and beautiful Ask for Joe/Phillip for your nails and Tracy for your waxing! The receptionists in the front are so friendly and know a lot about the products and services this salon offers. And they have so many gel colors too!   A little upscale on the prices but it's always worth it.  They have two establishments so make sure you know which one you're calling. Once I called the original salon and thought I booked it at the spa, but if they have room they can accommodate and take you in even if you booked at the wrong place!  Oh and. You can get a combo deal if you come in Monday thru Thursday. $2 off Mani/Pedi or $5 off Full Set/pedi.   They don't offer coupons and don't take competitors coupons either. Shows they're friggin fancy fancy.   Really trendy place and lovely customer service! I noticed they played relaxing music when it's slow or in the morning and play popular radio songs when it's busy. The pedicure chairs are in a sort of closed off hallway and it's quiet and relaxing there, so even if it's pop music time you can't hear it.   Overall my go to salon, beautiful and clean and good quality.
5 Just had a gel manicure with Jessica. So pretty!! I recommend her too! She's so sweet and takes the time to evenly coat the color. Btw, color is "Bio 4" on the gel color wheel.
5 I've been coming here for 8 years. They are very professional & have a nice relaxing atmosphere. A fair price & good selection of colors!
