5 My cat ate one long 6 foot piece of ribbon....yes, 6 feet.  Needless to say she was not well.  After calling my regular vet (which we no longer go to now) and 10 other vet offices, no one would get us in right away to see her.  (I did take her to an emergency vet the night before, but they normally cost more than a day vet.  And this surgery was going to be a little expensive).  I called Family Vetcare and they told me to bring her in right away so Dr. Travis Wodiske could look at her and the x-rays.  I took her in that same day and he performed emergency surgery shortly after she arrived.  He did an awesome job!  The ribbon ran from her stomach, through both intestines and down to her colon.  He made five internal incisions to get the ribbon out and stapled her back up.  She is fully recovered and back to her normal self.  I can't thank Dr. Travis Wodiske and his staff enough for everything they did.  The entire staff is very caring and friendly.  Erin (sp?) was extremely helpful.  This is the vet we will be going to from now on.  I HIGHLY recommend them.
5 Family Vet Care has taken great care of my babies!
5 There are not enough good things I can say about family vet care in Chandler!! Dr Wodiske is a truly amazing vet and surgeon. My yorkie puppy has had a couple major medical issues since I got her and he not only saved her life but treated me with such care and compassion I felt like a member of his family. He is always available for questions and follows up with all concerns no matter how trivial. I cannot imagine taking my pet to anyone else. All of the office staff is extremely professional and kind as well. Every person I have met in this office has gone above and beyond in meeting my needs and providing quality and compassionate care. I recommend this office to everyone I know. In my opinion my pet could not be in better hands!!!
5 The doctors and staff were very kind and professional and took great care of my Boxer baby when she was sick!
1 Transferring to another vet!!  This is the second time we have been to this doctor and they have insisted on running tests that were not needed just to charge more money.  I requested to have my dog be given medicine for two weeks for what I believed was a simple infection - doctor refused and said a biopsy was needed.  Now, had the medicine not worked I would have brought my dog back for a biopsy but since the doctor refused we paid 220.00 and guess what - a simple infection that we were given antibiotic for!  This is not the first time and I have heard other similar stories from others of the nonsense charges and testings they do!  There are plenty other GOOD Vets in the area!
5 Trustworthy place to take your pets! I will only trust my pet with Family VetCare, plus Dr. Wodiske always takes extra time to make sure all questions are answered. He even personally called after my dog had a procedure to let me know how it went and how my dog was doing post-procedure!
5 I had to find a vet to vaccinate my 9 week old puppy.  I needed a vet that allowed walk-ins and Family Vetcare was one of the few in my area that did.  Walking in the place was very clean and organized very well, I like how you leave out a separate door when you are done with your appointment so you don't have to walk past anyone who may be waiting.  You could tell the entire staff really cared about animals and Annette Majoue was extremely nice and caring.  Pancake got plenty of treats and a chewy for her visit.  They also gave me a discount on my bill and a free nail clipping, which was a welcome surprise.  I'll be taking my dog here for many years to come.
5 Since I have moved to Gilbert 4 years ago, I have had a TERRIBLE time finding good health care providers including a vet!   Well I finally found a great vet! I keep saying this in my reviews, but I work in customer service and to me it is so important to  feel like your service providers care about you and your family, and like most of us that own dogs, they are my babies! I'm greeted by a friendly staff member each time I have been there and each time I have called.  Dr. Simms is pleasant and super helpful. When I have brought my puppy in they we are so friendly and loving towards her as well.  We decided to go ahead and have her spay done there and she has a parasite, from the pet store we bought her from, so we have had to see them a little more than just your typical well puppy exam.  They have been so great to work with and Dr. Simms has called personally to check on her after her surgery.  This says a lot to me about how this practice is ran.  It is a little bit of a drive for us, and they offered to see us in their Gilbert office, but... nope I'm good where I'm at!  Thank you everyone at Family Vet Care of Chandler!
5 My family and I have always had great vets and vet techs here! It is so important to me that I take my dog somewhere safe and where they truly care about her well being. They have gone over and beyond for us before. They always give a follow up call. I call in with random questions sometimes and the ladies at the front are professional and helpful.   Highly recommend! 5 stars!
1 We have been going to this vet for 11 years.  Dr. Patterson was amazing and has since left the practice.  Since then we have experienced up charges and request that we do certain things that quite frankly are not needed.  Today our boxer went in due to a seizure a few days ago.  He has been to this vet since 8 weeks old.  He's 11 years old.  They seriously wanted to charge an additional $25 fee they call "urgent" visit fee!  Seriously!  He's an established patient and the only time you go to the vet is when your per is sick or in need of vaccines.  The bill was already over 300.00 for visit and blood work.  It's not about $25. It about principal here.  You've seen all my pets and I've spent thousands over the years.  All for $25 they were willing to lose a customer of 11 years.  At the visit we transferred all our pets and records to new vet.  We have 5.  Rather than keeping a customer long term that would have certainly spent more than $25, your policies became more important than your customer.  When greed become more important than principle then your valve is no more.
