1 The people (or person) who runs this company is not only rude on the phone (he attempted to make me feel bad for having a 9 to 5 job and not being avalialbe during those hours, when I specifically asked for a Saturday appointment), but after two full weeks of nobody calling me when they said they would, I called them and was told they would call me back.  They never called back that Saturday and finally called on Monday.  Because they are not prompt, are rude and because the guy calls you on a cell phone which always cuts out on you, I would never recommend this company to ANYONE.    In a customer service business, these guys have no understanding of what it takes to keep customers and I moved on to a different company without having them fix anything.  They will never get my money and I would not be shocked if they close down due to these problems. One star is far too kind.
5 We have been using Dugan Plumbing for all of our Plumbing needs at our Property Management company.  Geoff and his team are responsive, honest and do good work.   I highly recommend them to anyone.
4 We had Dugan Plumbing come out as a result of a warranty claim with our Home Warranty Company.  Our initial experience was with one of their techs, and when he left our home, we believed everything was all set.  However, when we went up to bed that night, we found water throughout our master bathroom and into the carpet in our master bedroom.  We understand that "stuff" happens, and we wanted to give Dugan the opportunity to make it right.  Geoff answered the phone late that evening and  promised to have someone out in the morning again to take care of it.  When I expressed my concern with having the same tech out, he offered to come out himself and take care of the problem.  By late morning the next day, Geoff had come to the property and remedied the issue.  I asked him what we were supposed to do about the water soaked carpet.  He immediately got on the phone with his water restoration company and they came out within a matter of hours to set up remediation and protect our floors and baseboards.  Dugan's response to our issue demonstrates that when "stuff" happens, the good guys come out and make it right.
1 The old saying, "if you don't have anything nice to say, then it's better left unsaid" is so true with this company.  Yes, they are plumbers. Hopefully they are better with plumbing problems inside of a home than outdoor sprinkler systems. Yet - If they disconnect any electrical lines you really need to check and see if they are all working okay, because if they aren't you are out of luck. No yard lights across the front of our house now. They never found the leak in the sprinkler line either. I won't call them again. My husband may, but it would be a wasted effort with only rude remarks intended our direction from the manager. I recommend checking YouTube first if a problem arises than to call this company, if nobody else is available. I tried to be nice about it but I'm the one who will have to dig up the trench & fiddle with the electrical lines to see if I can have yard lights again!! UGH!!
1 Awesome follow through...NOT! We have a home warranty with Old Republic (avoid these clowns as well - they're only interested in getting your premium and quite obviously never check out who they're contracting with to do their work) and, when our sprinkler went out we called and found it was covered. That was March 12. Geoff was not interested in travelling right across Phoenix to fix our system - well evidenced in his complete lack of enthusiasm in both his voice and his complete lack of follow through.  The only time we spoke was when I rang him and, despite many promises to ring, he has NEVER phoned back or contacted in any way.  Maybe they are plumbers, but they are not business people - they have no clue about running a business as is shown by the numerous poor reviews. I'm happy for those who had good experiences, but I wouldn't recommend them if they were the last plumber on earth.
1 It's simply impossible to find anything to say about a tradesman who was a no-show, no-callback, and demonstrated no care for another's time and predicaments. After reading reviews about his workmanship I'm glad he stood us up time and again!
