5 I have to say that I fought going here tonight for dinner. I mean, I am in Arizona and there are Fleming's restaurants in California, so like any good yelper of course I'm going to want to experience the best and most unique restaurants that Arizona has to offer. However, this just so happens to be my brother's favorite restaurant so he won because this was our family's last supper, of sorts, before we leave him by his lonesome in Phoenix. Well off to Fleming's we went and it was fabulous. For a chain restaurant Fleming's does it right; nice decor, impeccable food, excellent service and over 100 different types of wine. Our server was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list and checked up on us at all the appropriate moments. The additional support wait staff was very attentive so much so that when (like the klutz that I am) spilled the last sip of wine all over myself, he quickly took my sweater to the bathroom where he blotted it with ice water and handed it back to me in a Fleming's handle bag and recommended that I take it to the dry cleaners and ask that they treat it with the spray that removes wine stains. What a sweetheart! We ordered the sweet chili calamari to start along with a bowl of roasted corn chowder soup with lobster, shrimp and potatoes. I ordered the petite fillet mignon cooked medium rare, my bro had the 20 oz steak and my mom had the Mahi Mahi. All of it was amazing. We finished it off with creme brule and our bill was about 2 bills. Overall it was a great experience and I'm glad my brother won this round.
5 My 100th Review~   Dear Fleming's,  Thank you for another unforgettable evening of being wined and dined. From the moment I walked in you gave me your undivided attention.In fact I don't think you ever left my side the whole time I was there. My glasses stayed full and the food was splayed out before me in perfect succession.   My compliments to the Chef for the flawless preparation of my Sweet Chile Calamari, Corn Chowder with Lobster, Crab and Shrimp, The Mix Grill (Lemon Pepper Mahi Mahi, Poppy seed and Pepper encrusted seared Ahi and Lemon Pepper Scallops), 12oz Filet perfectly rare, the Chipotle Mac and Cheese,  your signature Fleming's potatoes and the cutest accompaniment of "F" shaped butter served with Hot bread.(see pics)  Just when I though it couldn't get any better you end my feast with a dish of the most  heavenly creme brulee and chantilly cream I've ever put my lips to,complete with a candle to celebrate my Anniversary!   You made me fall in love with you all over again.   S.W.A.K!
5 If you haven't been to Fleming's, I'm sure you've heard of it.  Believe the hype!  There is really no place that this restaurant falls short in.  Service has always been attentive as well as well educated on their quite extensive list of wine, which I learned today is but the tip of the iceberg as I asked for a bottle they didn't have on the list.  I wasn't asking for Screaming Eagle or something really obscure, just a house I like that wasn't listed.  Less than 2 minutes later they came back to the table with it, so I was quite pleased.  The food is on par with any other high end steakhouse you'll find in the valley, so really you can't go wrong.  Although it may seem odd, but truly one of the best dishes there is the double-thick cut pork chop.  First I've never seen a pork chop that size, in any market, anywhere, and they cook it to perfection.  Great option if you're not going for steak.  Any of their choices will make you glad you went.
5 Consistently very, very good.   A bit 'spendy' but you get what you pay for in this world.  I've never had a bad experience - ever! Great steaks, nice mixed grill choices, great shoestring fries, great drinks and wine selection.  When it's time for serious steak - I head to Flemings.  Even dinner in the bar is a great experience.  The bar can get crowded but isn't that the idea?  My wife and I will go grab dinner in the bar, have a great meal, catch the game on the 2 TV's they have, do some people-watching and have a nice time.  I've been to Flemings in San Diego as well and had the same results.  They get it!  Try it, you'll spend some money, but you'll really like it.  Beats Maestro's anyday, better than Durant's (in most cases), and better than Drinkwater's.  Right up there with Morton's and Ruth's Chris but a bit more affordable.....but it will never be Erie Cafe!
4 Well, the food is absolutely incredible, but the 165$ pricetag for dinner for two was a LITTLE much. The wine we had was great and we both got the surf and turf... with filet mignon of course. I would definately go there again... when I save up some money... Not a place for teachers to go. :)
3 Once upon a time Fleming's was the place culinary dreams are made of, but alas things are a changin'!   The last couple times I've visited I was increasingly unimpressed.  Just last week I took my husband for his birthday dinner as we do every year. Boy what a let down.   Lets start with the raggedy family wearing their beanies and Harley Davidson baseball caps that was seating right in front of me............   Hello Dress Code......Manners......Anyone??  Why did I bother dressing to the nines? I could have worn  my pajamas and nobody would have cared.   That right there just made me feel I might as well have went to Black Angus.   Now for the waiter who lacked the experience and training to be serving in a fine dining establishment.   He was HORRIBLE!!!  Unprofessional, Inattentive, and Careless to sum it up. He was so interested in my nationality that he had to ask me my heritage, then made a point to reference something Greek each time he returned to the table.......So Annoying!   Not to mention bringing me dirty water and wine glasses, even the little wine decanter they bring your wine in was dirty.   Now for my salad, I always order the Fresh Mozzarella and Tomato salad, this time it was apparent they improvised, the mozzarella was not near the quality it usually is and instead of sweet sliced tomatoes and fresh basil it came with chopped grape tomatoes on top of shaved cucumber. (see pics)   I really should have complained, but being the Hubby's birthday I wanted to spare him the scene.   For my entree I decided on the Chefs Mixed Grill, Petite fillet, Tempura Shrimp and Seared Scallops. Although as always I asked to replace the steak with an extra shrimp and scallop as I don't eat beef.   I got a plate of SIX GIANT scallops and three shriveled shrimp.  I had to send it back because I was told I was getting Tempura Shrimp and these shrimp were not.   They returned it to me quickly but still was overkill on the scallops (see pics) in the pic you cant see the other side of the plate had 3 more scallops. I would have like another shrimp instead.   My Hubby's steak was perfect for him, but he too was very disappointed in all the things I've stated above.   Now for the biggest let down of all.  Normally for Special Occasions they will bring out their signature Creme' Brulee and Chantilly Cream with a candle.   NOT ANY MORE! BOO!   We got a cheesy little gold box with four tiny, crappy chocolate covered strawberries....Not a Fan.   After this experience I'm sorry to say that we will not be going back ever again. They are lucky to be getting these three stars.
5 After my last review Fleming's manager, Miguel, gave me a phone call expressing his apologies for our less than stellar experience and invited me to come back.  I was a bit shocked by the phone call but also very grateful.  Fleming's obviously takes their customer satisfaction very seriously and it made mew feel good knowing that time was taken to care about how I was feeling.   Words cannot express how amazing our revisit was.  Linda's service was impeccable and I would highly recommend asking for her section next time you go.   I ordered the Mozzarella and Tomato salad, what a vision of loveliness it was (see pics) and it tasted just heavenly, the mozzarella melted in my mouth and the tomato's were so sweet and juicy along with that spicy basil I would have been happy just stopping there.   For my entree I decided to try the Barbecue Scottish salmon Fillet.........WOW!!  Absolutely incredible! This is bar far the best item I've ordered here and is now my new favorite. (see pics) It's sweet and slightly crisp BBQ glaze had me yearning for more.   Now I haven't ordered mashed potatoes from Flemings in years since they took their horseradish mashed potatoes off the menu, but let me tell you after trying their Parmesan peppercorn mashed potatoes I soon forgot my long lost favorite, these ones were to die for!!!  Perfectly creamy, thick , buttery and seasoned to perfection I will be ordering these from now on most definitely!   My husband's usual order of chipotle mac and cheese and a medium rare fillet was no exception to the excellence, he reveled in every bite!   What a total surprise it was when Linda brought him a Creme' Brulee with a candle to re-celebrate his Birthday!  That my dear friends is attention to detail and absolutely made us feel very special and quite frankly made our night!   Our entire evening was flawless from first bite to last.  I can't Thank Miguel and Linda enough for taking such good care of us and we will without a doubt continue dining with you.  You won back my heart and I must say you deserve 5++++++ stars!!
4 The atmosphere was a little different from what we expected.  It is much more relaxing and casual than the ones we've been to in L.A.  The waiter was very polite and funny at the same time.  He seemed relieved and excited to serve our table since we were the only under 50 table in the whole restaurant.  *Steaks = very yummy.  cooked to perfection.   *Decor = a little on the vintage side *Service = wonderful
5 This is just about as good as it gets!  When we went for dinner at about five o'clock, the place was nearly empty, so we did not incur the dreaded wait.  After being seated, our waiter politely introduced himself and asked for our beverage orders.  Our beverages were out in under two minutes and the waiter was more than willing to offer helpful recommendations about what was best on the menu.  I decided to go with the New York Strip cooked medium rare with garlic mashed potatoes and a Caesar salad.  The steak was impeccable, with every bite melting in my mouth.  The Caesar salad was about as good as a Caesar gets, and the garlic mashed potatoes were exploding with flavor.  For dessert, I decided upon the lava cake, which I did not share.  The lava cake was so amazing that I felt compelled to share information regarding its goodness with everyone at the table!    The atmosphere in this place is relaxing, the food is unbelievable, and the service is fantastic!
4 This was the second time I've been to Fleming's. Both times have been very enjoyable. This time, a friend told me about a bar special called 5 for 6 'til 7. It is five menu items (mixed drinks, wine, appetisers, etc. for $6 until 7 P.M.). You can still order off the menu, but the specials are only available in the bar, and tables are available in the bar area. Everything we ordered was excellent. I had the steak sandwich (another bar special), which was terrific. If you are a wine drinker, don't go to Fleming's if you are thirsty. The amount of wine they serve (a friend ordered a glass of Merlot) for $6 is ridiculous. They bring a huge glass for the wine, and a little carafe of wine, barely enough to wet the inside of the glass. Stick with the mixed drinks or beer. For you beer drinkers, beer is only available in bottles. No beer on tap, which is a shame for a restaurant of this caliber. Hopefully, when the economy improves, Fleming's will continue with some kind of specials, like the 5 for 6 'til 7.
5 When only a serious cut of beef will do, prepared and served by another (instead of your backyard grill)--go to Fleming's. Very nice restaurant with professional waiters, a great menu, and tasty wine list.  Although, I've eaten several fine meals at Fleming's, the reason for this recent review is a new discovery: the PINNACLE of hamburgers for $6 dollars at happy hour. A half pound Prime meat hamburger, with smoked bacon, and choice of cheddar, gruyere or blue cheese on a toasted challah bun. Damnation!! best hamburger I've ever eaten. Did I mention 6 bucks at happy hour? Phenomenal.
5 OMG OMG OMG, the happy hour hamburger is so delicious (I think it's the bacon that does it).   I've only been here twice, and both times for happy hour. They have an excellent happy hour for the quality of food they serve. I've tried, obviously the burger and also the crab cakes, both which were yummy. The drink specials are great too, they make a great margarita and have an ample wine list. I'll be back!
4 My favorite dish is the bone-in ribeye for 2. It's a special that you have to ask for and it's usually available. The Fleming's potatoes are delicious, and the lava cake dessert is a great ending to a great meal. The wine selection is also very good.
4 Great happy hour.  We come here on our Tuesday veggies-and-booze night when we pick up our CSA.  I think their happy hour is five items for $6 each until 7:00.  There are also some cocktails and wine.  One of those five items is their burger which you can order rare plus, it comes out perfect this way.  Nice and creamy (instead of dry and chewy), full of flavor and juicy with nice thick pieces of bacon on it.  This might be our new favorite.
4 This is a happy hour review only. I have never been for dinner. I love this place. The bar is kind of small, so you have to get there early if you want a seat for happy hour...or go on an odd week night. Camille H. already described the happy hour menu very well. In addition to the burger, the crab cakes are amazing - 100% crab meat and no filler/breadcrumbs. The cocktails are yummy - I had the white cosmo last night - delish!   I would give the place 5 stars, but am always unhappy with the service. They are all very snooty and pretentious. If they were just nice and real, I would love this place even more.
2 I stopped in for happy hour this past Friday. I'd previously been for their happy hour, and had a good experience and good food the first time. My first visit I tried the tenderloin carpaccio and the seared ahi tuna. Both were tasty, but I should have only ordered one; I was too full afterwards. I also had a nice glass of merlot that first visit. (I'd give the first visit 3 stars.) This latest visit was not as good; the service wasn't friendly. I sat @ the bar with a buddy, and we both ordered the prime burger. The burger was good, but regardless of how busy the bartenders were, they just weren't friendly (male or female). Shouldn't a place like this offer friendly, quality service? I'm a patient guy, and understand when a place is busy but that doesn't mean quality has to be lacking. I'll go back for the food, but am hoping the service gets better and friendlier.
3 I agree with David M and Ada G. regarding the service in the bar. If you go here, do not dine in the bar. The hostess might tell you its full service at the bar but the service at the bar is noticeably lacking. If you have a choice between waiting for a table and eating at the bar, eat at the table.  We were rushed, not all of our food was packed to go, water not refilled without asking (and waiter never apologized for failing to refill drinks), steak knives were not brought with the food, bread was not brought out without asking, had to ask for refill on wine (since when has a waiter not asked for refill on alcoholic drinks)...all of the usual amenities that are provided at table service was severely lacking at the bar.  The other aspect that annoyed me was that I asked for fried onion strings or straws on my steak and asked if they could prepare it. The server immediately got defensive and acted as if I was asking  foie gras on the side. Instead of simply responding with "It shouldn't be a problem, I'll see what we can do" His response was remniscient of a server at Applebees "Well since we don't offer that item on the menu, I just don't know if they can make that" Seriously, was I dining at Black Angus? It's called common sense, I can understand that response if I was asking for something other than fried onion strings. Very amateur to say the least!  The food itself is amazing at this location. They reall cook steaks well and if you order a medium, it comes perfectly cooked with mostly pink inside and just a little charred on the outside. It's one of the few places that really understand what a medium steak is and they don't overcook it like most places.  I like their steaks better than many more well known places including Donovans and Ruth Chris.  The service needs to improve even at the tables. You don't receive that royal treatment like you do at other upscale steak restaurants including Ruth Chris, Donovan's etc. I can understand that type of service if I'm dining at Outback Steakhouse but we just spent $167 for two and were formally and professionally dressed yet we were rushed as if we were eating at Chipotle during lunch rush hour.  The service needs to improve especially for a fine dining establishment. The basics like refilling drinks, smiling, addressing people as sir/mam, apologizing if items are forgotten are basic elements of good service at a fine dining restaurant yet it was lacking here. If you want an example of great service, go to Durants
5 I stopped by Flemings for a Saturday night dinner with a couple of friends. I had reservations, so even though it was busy, we were actually seated 15 prior to my reservation time. The atmosphere was as I expected, although I was a little surprised that some people dressed more casually than I would have expected.   The service was excellent. The waiter took our drink order and brought a loaf of bread that came with two spreads - both were excellent! One friend and I ordered the petite filet mignon, which was served with Fleming's potatoes. My other friend ordered the regular sized filet mignon with a baked potato. I have never seen a larger potato. My two friends each had a salad - one Caesar and house salad. The salads were each around $9, but good size. The regular filet mignon was $32, while the petite with the potatoes was $26. I didn't really think the regular size was that much larger than the petite.   The steak was phenomenal! I ordered it medium and I can't recall a better steak that I have ever had. It was cooked well, excellent flavor and the perfect size.  The server continued to fill our drinks, brought a second loaf of bread and made sure we had everything we needed.  The total of 3 diet drinks, 2 salads, a baked potato, 1 regular filet mignon and 2 petite filet mignons with the included Fleming potato was $135. Not bad for 3 people. I will definitely come back again.
5 My wife and I met 2 friends at the bar for some happy hour and dinner action last night.  It was about 6:30 and I think we snagged just about the last open table.    I was pretty impressed with their happy hour selections and prices.  The ladies had glasses of wine and the guys had a Kettle martini with blue cheese olives (my absolute fav!).  The martini was excellent especially because it was 6 bucks.  The wine pour was a bit skimpy though.  The 4 of us shared the crab cake appetizer and it was excellent and will definitely order it again.  For an entree I ordered the sliced fliet mignon burger sans bun.  It is exactly as it sounds; basically a sliced filet mignon.  It was pretty thick so I have no idea how people actually eat the thing on a bun.  Anyway it was excellent as well as good sized.  I would order it again but I keep reading about how the Fleming's prime burger is very good not to mention a 3rd of the cost of the sliced filet burger.  I will probably try that next time.  My wife ordered the portebello mushroom burger and it was awesome.  It was topped with sauteed spinach and goat cheese.  OMG sooo good!  I should order that next time to put on top of a real burger.  It  was actually very good and I could see myself ordering that if I was not in the mood for red meat.  For dessert we all shared the lava cake.  WOW! Sooo good!  You have to order it 20 minutes in advance so you know it is fresh.  It comes with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a bowl of fresh homemade whip cream.  The whole thing was just awesome but that whip cream put it over the edge.  The entire staff that waited on us during the evening were very fast and friendly.  All-in-all it was an excellent evening with great food and service.  I will definitely be back!
4 This is a high-end steakhouse and you pay for it. I never spend my own money here... too expensive - but I never pass up a chance to eat here on someone else's dime!  All the food is excellent... the one time my steak was bad they took it back no questions asked, gave me another and comp'd the entree.  The seafood tower, if you can afford it, is fantastic. The wine selection, as you'd expect, is very good.  Not much else to say as since if you know what a high-end steakhouse is supposed to be, this is it.
5 Excellent resturant. Fabulous steaks.  Great service. Good wine selection.  Excellent place to celebrate an important event.  Every time I've been here the service has been excellent.  The atmosphere is formal, but not stuffy.
2 The steak was okay. A little gritty and not as tender as I'd hope. The Flemings Potatos were terrible! They wern't cooked all the way. Our drinks sat empty quite often. They forgot the butter for our king crab legs and we had to remind them a few times to bring it. For dinner at $150 I would expect better. We wished that we had gone elsewhere.
1 Came here on my birthday and was not impressed. The atmosphere was nice but my husband and I were not happy with the food at all. The bread they gave pre-meal was just ok but didn't seem very fresh. There were two types of butter that came along with the bread and both were actually pretty good. I ordered the lobster bisque to start and honestly, the flavor was a bit odd. I personally think the lobster bisque at Red Lobster is better not to mention cheaper. For dinner, I ordered the seared scallops that came on top of puff pastry and a measly portion of vegetables. The scallops were gritty and seemed like they had not been cleaned properly as I could taste granules of sand. My husband ordered the ribeye since Flemings is supposed to be known for their steak. He said that the steak was not seasoned at all. For sides, we ordered the Flemings potatoes which were really good and the baked potato which was fine, but honestly, how hard is it to mess up baked potato? When the check was presented they also gave me a box of chocolate truffles since it was my birthday. I wont lie, these were amazing!!! Unfortunately, the truffles, Flemings potatoes, and butter will not make me come back. I am all about giving places several tries before deciding to go back but not a place with a huge price tag such as Flemings. When I spend $100 on a dinner for two, I expect everything to be sensational and Flemings was very far from it.  PS: The husband said it was the worst steak ever and you would be better to light your money on fire rather then spending it here. :)
4 I'm a fan is because the service here is excellent. The servers are helpful but not overbearing (i.e. asking every 5 mins if we need anything) and if anything goes wrong - i.e. it starts raining while you're on the pation or the food is served incorrectly, the management staff is EXCELLENT in making sure you're happy.  Of course, this place is pricey but definitely worth the $.Good food, great wine and terrific servers, bartenders and managers.
4 Love their Beef Flemington, good poor on wine, good wine selection, good martini's.  Great place to go.
5 flemings is always top notch. we went for the thursday night wine tasting 20 wines for $25 introducing there new 100 wines by the glass. The selection was good from lite whites to deep reds a great way to sample a portion of there new wine list. then to top it off we received $25 gift cards for dinner. so we stayed and had the AZ resturant week pre fix dinner for $39 the food was wonderful. salads, soup lamb chops and filet. i guess to sum it up you can't go wrong with a meal from flemings. they also have a great happy hour.
3 Service was good. however, my fillet mignon was cooked well done when I ordered medium well.
4 Fianlly a happy hour that made me happy.  If you want some great food and drinks on a current economy budget the daily 5-7 happy hr may be a good choice for you.  $5 specialty drinks including a pomitini poured at the table. This drink was quite good and yes girly.  $5 appetizers including a great seared Ahi with a Jicama carrot salad. The Ahi has well spiced and of decent quality.  There are other $5 options as well.  $6 burger that looked huge and induced 2 onion rings and a challa roll for a bun.   There also is a $12 ahi burger that is more of a croquet style with 2 onion rings or a portobello burger too.  This happy hr is available at the bar era, or in the more relaxed patio. There are heaters on the patio for the cooler nights.  With thees prices we kept eating, and eating and yes eating. We left stuffed on great food.  I recommended a side of the saluted mushrooms of the menu as they really enhance any meal.
3 The restaurant has the wine cellar appearance with red chairs and mahogany wood everywhere.  There are even pictures of wine bottles hanging on the wall.  It gives off a classy and elegant feel without being too pretentious.    The bread that was given at the beginning was average.  Hard on the outside and soft on the inside.  It was the butter that was taken me by surprise.  There was a chiptole butter and also a sour cream butter.  The chiptole butter was the best.    I chose a Chilean sea bass with sautéed spinach.  It was a flakey and stringy texture as a great bass would have.  The bread crumbs on top added a nice crunchy texture for contrast.  It was a fresh fish which didn't have a fishy taste, but not as good of a taste as expected.  My friend had the filet mignon with crab on top and scallops on the side.  The scallops were the best.  Not too bouncy and cooked just right.  The crab has a mediocre taste.  Something common like it can be made at home.  The filet is tender deep red meat and not that flavorful because of the lack of fat.  And again, it was average.  The dessert was the best part of the meal.  The chocolate lava cake with REAL whipped cream.   The warm rich chocolate center with vanilla ice cream and pistachio on top added to the whole cake.    Overall the food was pretty good, but the value isn't.  For as much as it costs, I would be expecting something better.
3 09/01/10  My first, and (so far) only, visit to Fleming's.  I give it 2.5 stars...  First thing I noticed was that it was very dark inside- a pet peeve of mine.  Second, the service looked either harried or aloof.  Where were the smiling faces?  It was 4:15 pm, which meant the doors had just opened 15 minutes ago, and there weren't many guests yet waiting to be seated.  (There were about eight people at the bar area.)  I soon met my server, whose cold gaze and unsmiling face already had me thinking maybe this place was not such a good idea.    After studying the menu, I decided I'd try the Prime Burger for $6. I also asked if I could sample a couple of red wines before ordering a glass of one.  I've been to many venues where this is not a problem, and sometimes, when I can't decide, even willingly offered!  This Fleming's location isn't one of these venues.  My query brought about a more negative change of attitude from my server, but I did get to try two very small samples before choosing a glass.  While I waited for the burger to arrive, I began to boot up my laptop- thank goodness I brought it, bec. the burger took a long time...  The bar area was filling up fast, and the servers started to look even more agitated that I was starting to wonder what was all the fuss?  Finally, just under 20 minutes later, my beautiful burger arrived.  Huge patty, smothered w/ cheese and topped w/ thick-cut, peppered, and smoked bacon, tomato, onion, lettuce, and a pretzel bun.  The one huge onion ring was a nice touch.  The burger was juicy (cooked to my specified medium), quite substantial, and delicious w/ the cheddar, veggies, and bun.  The thick-cut bacon, however, was so salty, that I had to take the slices off!  I was a bit disappointed, since it was such a hearty portion of bacon.  I wouldn't mind having another Prime burger, minus the bacon, for happy hour again, but I'd choose another location.   BTW, as I was enjoying the burger, I finally figured out why all the harried faces and the servers' hustle and bustle-- it seemed like everyone in the bar area had chosen the burger!  The table of six in front of me all had burgers... At $6, it's a steal for diners, but perhaps not expensive enough to garner a nice tip?  Hmm... well, not if the servers' attitudes continue to be cold and distant!
3 My husband and I ate here for our anniversary.  We had the peppercorn steak, Flemings Potatoes, and a salad.  The food was good but not great. I think we could have split the steak and potatoes and ordered our own salad. We also had two beers and one drink. I ordered a cheesecake to go and they forgot the sauce that went with the cheesecake.  Our bill came to $133.00. Now I'm not sure what part of that experience was worth what we paid. There wasn't anything about the food or the experience that was that spectacular.
5 The 5 for 6 'til 7 is so awesome and such a great deal! I wasn't sure the first time we went if we should dress up or if it was okay to wear jeans and a nice top but everyone was either in their business casual work clothes or jeans. I would recommend getting there a little early because it fills up quickly! We got there at 6pm and by 7pm it was pretty full.  I have recommended this to so many of my co-workers and friends to try out and so far anyone that has gone has come back to me saying what a great time they had and how surprised they were with the 5 for 6 'til 7 deal :)
5 Ruth's Chris quality without the commute ... or the snoot.
3 Went here for happy hour b/c of all the good yelp reviews. It definitely was a good value. A lot of the appetizers were very large and the burger option is really a full meal for only $6!  We got it with blue cheese on top and it also came with a couple onion rings. It was so tasty! I also got an awesome martini for half the price it normally is there. They offer 5 classic cocktails and 5 wines by the glass, each for only $6. I do wish that they had some beer specials (they don't even have anything on tap, wtf?) and I also wished they offered at least one gin cocktail; all of them on the happy hour menu were vodka-based.   Haven't gone here for dinner yet so I can't review the steaks. But we did have a clear view of the dining room from where we were sitting in the bar area. I was expecting a lot nicer ambiance but it was basically the typical upscale steakhouse with leather and dark wood. I was surprised at how small it was.
4 Love, Love, Love Fleming's happy hour!  It is a nice atmosphere with smokin' deals on decent wine and drinks and great appetizers. There is also a very tasty burger on the happy hour menu.  The service is usually excellent.
4 Oh how I love restaurant week!  1st stop was Fleming's -- I totally dig the Fleming salad, then again I'm a big fan of cranberries in general.  Their filet I thought was nicely done, when I want medium I want it medium!  As for dessert -- nothing to rave about since it kind of fell flat for me.  Not a huge fan of chocolate over chocolate with some chocolate.... know what I mean?  Service was real good they were attentive and quick.  Ambience was nothing too surprising except I wish I had wore my blazer with a cigar sticking out of my mouth while walking around with a Wallstreet Journal clip under my arm.  Hand me my walking stick Remington!  Overall, it was a good experience and the food was good.  I though I can't recommend becoming a regular especially with today's food price. - Enjoy!
5 We had a party of four reservation at 7:15 and we got in pretty much exactly at that time. Service was fast and friendly. The bread and butter was amazing and the steak was even better.. I got the NY strip for 41 bucks and it was huge and worth every juicey penny.
3 The food is definitely good, but I didn't think it was substantially better than other restaurants to justify the high price.  I had the filet with a side of the fleming's potatoes.  The steak was cooked how I like and was very good.  The potatoes were fine, although personal preference would be for a less creamy alternative.
1 This place has gone downhill big time! 2 attempts at a medium rare steak resulted in one overcooked to well, the last being rare with a cold, cold center. Basically, they seared the last one!  I guess the Costco gift cards, etc has relegated this steakhouse to mediocrity. Welcome to Chandler!
5 Our dinner last night at the Chandler Flemings was excellent. The bacon wrapped filets w/tempura shrimp were cooked to perfection and may become a favorite for us. Whether it's a full dinner or the fabulous bar menu, this place never disappoints.
5 Love this place! Just went here and ordered the petite filet and lobster tail, everything is so good here. I also love the pork chop! My favorite dessert is the lava cake hot and yummy.
2 Very interesting.  We've been to this Fleming's on several occasions, and tonight seemed to be a continuation of the progression downhill for this restaurant, in my opinion.  We decided to make this a family of four dinner, bringing our 10 and 12 year olds.  Obviously, we tried to stick with steak at this steak house.  We came at opening, about 5pm, arriving at 4:50.  They did have us wait until they were ready at 5pm, and that's okay.  The opening, though, plays a big part later in this review.  We stuck with water, as you can run up a really high bill very quickly.  Our orders were taken late (about 15 minute wait)  because we had not ordered drinks, and the waiters were busy brining out wine, etc, to the other tables.  The bread was fresh, but the butter was not.  It was dried out, like it had been frozen, and we were served the freezer burnt butter.  I asked for the Crab Cake appetizer to be brought out at the same time as everyone else's plate.  This was screwed up, and was brought out early.  So everyone else had to watch me eat.  I was having this as a "small plate" dish.  The boys had the specials, which were a petite filet mignon along with 3 scallops.  We asked for medium--they were undercooked, more along the lines of rare to medium-rare.  The scallops were well cooked, but a little bland.  The 10 year old did not like them, and he usually really enjoys seafood.  I added on the Chipotle Cheddar Macaroni and Cheese for the kids, which they liked, along with Half and Half, which is shoestring fries with Onion Rings, both tasted okay.  My wife had the Double Thick Pork Rib Chop.  The sauce was very tasty, BUT the pork was underdone, and was visibly raw in the middle.  This was unacceptable.  We had to send the plate back, which was put under the broiler, and then brought back to us.  I have to say this is the second time in a row that my wife's meat was raw at this Fleming's.  I would've chalked it up to oven not being hot enough for the first dishes, but this seems to be a recurrent problem.    I had a small plate, the Sliced Filet Mignon, which is served on Risotto.  The meat was very well done, but the risotto was completely dried out and tasteless. I was very disappointed.  As it took about another 10-15 minutes between when our plates were taken away and our waiter came with the dessert menu, we had decided to skip dessert and coffee and make our way to Starbucks, about two buildings away.  I'm willing to forgive the delays due to them just opening up.  Plus, it was Veteran's Day.  However, the food being underprepared for the second time in a row is unforgivable, especially for as expensive a restaurant as Fleming's is.  This is really starting to feel like a "chain" restaurant as it really is rather than an exclusive steak restaurant, which they strive to be.  Overall, I think we're done with Fleming's.
5 Wonderful food! The service was amazing! Super attentive staff. Definitely a must visit!
5 I've done every prime steakhouse in the Valley (Morton's, Donovan's, Mastro's, etc) ordering the same cut each time ... Boneless ribeye, medium rare. Flemings won hands down. Service is impeccable and when you are a regular, you are remembered and treated accordingly. My favorite restaurant.
5 I don't usually go for corporate food; however, Fleming's is an exception. On my last visit I had a New York Strip, rare and ordered a host of sides for the table including sautéed mushrooms, sautéed spinach and mash potatoes. The steak was cooked perfectly with just the right amount of coolness in the middle. The sides were delicious and the service superb. Never felt rushed the entire evening. By Phoenix standards, Fleming's is a little expensive, but well worth the money.
4 Had a LobsterFeast here.... and was not.. NOT, disappointed.  We order the "LOBSTER TOWER" as our appy... soooo GOOOD!  The lobster-cobb salad was a trough of yumminess!!!... I didn't even hit the bottom of the salad bowl... it was soooooo gooooood....  Dessert was devilishly delicious...  Gettin serviced by Anthony was seamless and nice....   Would I go again?  HECK YES!!
1 If you are disabled--Flemings is NOT the place for you!!!  My friend who is battling cancer of the mouth --made a terrible choice to dine there at happy hour last night.  After waiting for almost 2 hours for a table--No complaint there--we ordered our food and another glass of wine.  We were informed I could have another glass of wine--but my friend could no longer be served.  We ask to speak to the manager. When I questioned if it was due to how she spoke--she sounds like a deaf person--as she has a HUGE hole in the roof of her mouth--and she is battling Cancer of the mouth  --The manager became defensive and wouldn't even listen. This was the first night my friend had gone out since the beginning of Dec, as she is sensitive to the way she sounds.  It was the most horrific and embarrassing events I have been involved with.  She did valet her car--and they had no issue having her drive away:)---and she got an email this am--Thanking her for her business last night and they can't wait to  raise there glass to her again soon!!  REALLY--Flemings....you should be ashamed of yourselves!!!!  You need to do some ADA training, Customer Service Training, Listening skills training and Diversity Training.  I will NEVER EVER step foot in any of your restaurants again--and I pray that  no one else with  a Speech issues, or any type of challenge outside of the "normal" chooses to dine with you--as you clearly don't know how to treat people with Special needs.
3 Mostly good.  However, I went there one night and ordered the special which turned out to be a take on steak oscar.  Well the oscar part of the steak (i.e., the crab) was horrible.  Most other nights we've been there things have been good.
5 This a review highlighting Flemings Event hosting skills-  I had a luncheon/seminar here on yesterday and was thoroughly impressed with both the outstanding quality of food and excellent service. Flemings was closed to the public during this event because they open at dinner hours. Although the restaurant was not officially opened all of the employees still kept the same level of service as if it was; as a matter of fact I was graciously greeted by a hostess upon arrival. The actual meeting room was sectioned off in the rear of the restaurant, this would make a great place for any after wedding rehearsal dinner, seminar/luncheon, or even possibly an upscale bridal shower. The wait staff was very friendly moved stealthily to each table during the seminar which is very important (nobody wants to hear a bunch of plates clinking when you're trying to listen to a presentation). On to the food! The salad was pre-chosen by the host which was Fresh Mozzarella & Sweet Cherry Tomato- one word to describe it would be "AMAZING"! The tomatoes were perfectly sweet and paired so well with the creamy FRESH mozzarella, I literally thought about this dish when I was on my way to sleep for the night. For dinner attendees at the seminar had the choice of chicken, salmon and of course steak. My co-workers and I all decided to try something different so we could compare. I had the Chicken and was impressed by juiciness and the mushroom chutney it was served with. The Salmon looked delectable and received high praise as well as the Petite Filet Mignon. All the entrees came with fresh Sautéed Green Beans and Fleming's Potatoes (think of the best scallops you've ever eaten, now times that greatness by 10 and you'll have Fleming's Potatoes).  The seminar concluded with a Cheesecake that was sent straight from the Cheesecake gods (it was a huge piece and I was already full but I somehow made room for it!). The Cheesecake was rich, creamy and lightly topped with blueberries (I can't believe I had to go back to work after that feast!). This was my first time at Fleming's I will be sure to come back during normal operating hours so I can try even more of the amazing menu. Bravo Chef and Staff!
2 I would have given it less but they did comp our bad meal. Ordered filet with crab stuffed prawns and the stuffing tasted like it had been left out. The manager (who never gave her name) tried to tell me that they where fine to eat. They really undercooked my husbands steak and desert was served in a very dirty bowl.  We went in because we had gift cards. I guess we will be giving it another try.
4 Excellently prepared entrees with great service.  The steak dishes are understandably the stars of the menu, and on Sundays they have a great special for prime rib: for $37 in addition to the prime rib you get salad, side dish, and dessert.  The prime rib itself is very tender, and perfectly cooked with a choice of 3 sauces to dip it in.  Another good deal is the spring special: Filet mignon and lobster tail with salad or soup, and mashed potato or green beans, for $35.  The filet was also very tender, perfectly cooked, and the lobster was full of flavor, and they will cut it off the shell for you if you desire.  The salmon is also good, perfectly seasoned and nicely cooked.  Service was very attentive, and even though I didn't need it, they offer black napkins to place on your lap if you are wearing something dark so that any lint from the white napkins on the table doesn't get on your outfit.
2 The steak was good, but not particularly impressive at $40 per plate. I got the Surf and Turf special with scallops, and two 5oz filet. The filets were good, cooked perfectly, and great cuts of meat. Just not wowed. The real disappointment was in the scallops that came with the dish. For the class of the place, one expects a certain level, and those scallops didn't even come close.
1 My wife and I have heard a couple times that Fleming's has a really good happy hour, and since we recently moved into the vicinity, we thought we'd give it a try at about 530 on a Saturday afternoon.  Our visit lasted exactly 5 minutes.  That was long enough to have a seat at the bar and have the snobby bartender treat us like lepers for deigning to ask questions about the specials.  Judging by his terse and unhelpful answers, you're either in their little Happy Hour club and already have the options memorized, or you're out, so don't bother him.    I don't know if the bartender is trying to apply the Jehovah's Witness Heaven Limit to the number of people allowed to enjoy Fleming's Happy Hour, or if he was annoyed that he couldn't carry on an uninterrupted conversation with a coworker about scheduling work hours, or if he's just a knob, but we were interested in having a nice little time out, not cracking some bartender-induced secret code of Happy Hour enlightenment, so we got up and left.  We went across the lot to another restaurant and were treated to friendly service, great food, and good drinks, at a real Happy Hour with happy people.
5 Go to place for special occasion.  Just don't count calories.  Expect great    Steaks, extensive wine list, tasty apps and save some room for desert.  Bone in ribeye is one of the best.  Mash is always seasoned perfectly.   Very good service as well.  Only downside is the large bill at the end of the meal.
5 My wife and I recently went to Flemings for her birthday.  Anytime we decide to spend a bit more on a nice dinner Flemings is our first choice.  You know every time you go there you will receive first rate service and 5 star food.  There is not a bad item on the menu there and the steaks are fantastic.    The only thing I would say the location lacks is the bar.  While they do have one, it is very small and gets full quite quickly.  We would love to go there more to enjoy some of the food on the happy hour menu but given how it is set up, we opt for other locations.  The dining room itself is very spacious and representative of a high end dining experience.    One thing that always cracks me up there is how they offer to carry my drink for me when walking me to be seated in the dining room.  May have to actually do that sometime....
5 My group of three did the Sunday prime rib special, which includes a salad, side, and dessert. Particularly noteworthy items we tried were the bread, Caesar salad, sauteed mushrooms, cheesecake, and creme brulee.  The steaks were ordered three different ways, and all of them came out perfectly.  The hostess and servers did an excellent job in making us feel welcome and special. As someone else noted, they swap out the white napkins for black ones if your slacks or skirt are dark.  The only reason I'm not a regular diner at Fleming's is the price. It is an expensive meal, so it is a place reserved for special occasions. Thankfully, the experience is so outstanding that it justifies the cost.
4 My mother and I love Fleming's happy hour menu, great food and drinks at a reasonable price.  We usually start our mother/daughter fun outing nights at Fleming's before going to the movies or to an event together.  I've equally enjoyed their dinner menu while celebrating birthdays or while on a date night. I highly recommend their filet Mignon and any of their side dishes. If you visit during their happy hour, get the burger and any one of their martini's.
5 The prime burger was absolutely amazing! I visited this location on 10/2/2012 with my sister-in-law and parents.  First ever visit ti Fleming's as I live out of state.    The only (2) two complaints that I have: the prime burger is a whooping 1105 calories (and I'm not even sure if this includes the special sauce and the two onion rings that are served on the side). It's my fault I should've asked the server since the caloric intake is not listed on the menu.  Second issue, how many times do you have to ask a server for straws until you get frustrated. Also, wouldn't you think that an empty glass of water means " please fill up my glass". Come on servers this is a high end establishment. Get it together!!!!! Very frustrating!
1 It was my Birthday and my wife, her mom, a dear friend and I headed to Fleming's Steakhouse in Chandler, AZ. We heard only great things about this place and wanted to experience their 'unforgettable' steak dishes. That, we did, unfortunately.   The restaurant was lovely dim-lit, adequate atmosphere for an expensive steak place. We were seated immediately and tended to by the waiting staff. The small roll of bread and two kinds of butter were good but insufficient for four hungry souls and we polished it up right away. No one offered to bring more. Our waiter told us about the daily specials, after which we ordered food and wine. After a short wait, four large dinner plates arrived. I was the lucky one, my steak (a large  rib eye steak, ordered medium-rare which tasted very good despite two large blobs of fat) was sitting pretty in the middle of the large dinner plate. Nothing else on my plate, just the steak. I looked around at my wife's plate and couldn't believe, her fillet mignon was laying there, in the middle of the large dinner plate without anything garnishing it, be that a glaze, a leaf, a slice of whatever! At the prices asked by this restaurant, it felt like an insult to each of us to have such a poor presentation of a steak!! We asked our waiter for a side dish, mashed potatoes with Parmesan, and when they arrived, we couldn't believe it! There were no more than two scraggly potatoes turned into mashed potatoes, or about a tablespoon of mashed potatoes per person. Mind you, they tasted good, but at over $9.00 per side dish? In short, we left hungry and wondering why we spent over $200 for the entire meal.  Next time, we'll go to a well tried place for steaks and more. Durant's, downtown Phoenix and worth the drive.
1 I was visiting town on a business trip and we stopped into Fleming's for a mid-week dinner.  The visit wasn't a complete flop, but close to it...  If the ribeye was in fact a "prime" ribeye, they did one heck of a job cooking all of the flavor out of it.  To mask the horrible grill work, they covered the steak with more salt that was necessary for the entire cow.  I've been lucky enough to dine an a wide array of steak houses that claim to serve "prime" steak, and this is the bottom of the list.  I would not recommend this restaurant for a large group as the atmosphere is quite loud.  We had six people at our table and a conversation that included everyone was not possible.  To end on a positive note, the servers and wait staff were terrific.  They are easily on-par with other prime steakhouses around the country.  Regarding the item on the menu that I enjoyed the most was the sweet chili calamari.
5 Had a fillet - was as good as any I've every had.  Tender, cooked to perfect temperature.  Terrific flavor.  Seafood chowder was good as far as Arizona goes.  You just don't get great chowder here.  Waitstaff was attentive, but otherwise invisible, which is exactly how I like them.    Eating here is different that most places.  Ignore the prices, I would say even ignore the menu.  Tell the waitstaff what you want, they will bring it and charge you what it costs.    If you are price shopping this place, you will not be satisfied.
3 Excellent food, top-notch service, exorbitantly priced.  Not for budget minded diners...
4 For an up-scale chain restaurant, this place is pretty good. Service is excellent, the food was very good and best of all, what an extensive wine list!!   Flemings I think is grabbing onto the future and running with it! For their wine list, they will hand you an ipad which then you may procede to search their over 100 varieties and choose a glass or bottle to your liking. What is so neat too is the fact that each wine has a flavor profile description - so much better than having your waiter try to describe to you each wine or him guessing what you would like.   The food itself was pretty good, a bit peppery...but not overdone or anything (you better not get over done at a place like this) We went on a Sunday which turned out to be a good idea...every Sunday they have a special where you may have a prime rib steak with your choice of side and a salad and dessert for $29.99. Not too bad considering you will pay $25-40 per regular entree.   The ambiance is very classy, service is wonderful (the waiters even have their own buisness cards...weird, huh?) you can't go wrong with Fleming's for a special dinner or even just because. :)
4 Love this place. Steak and lobster...what could be better?  The food is always consistent, the service is attentive and thorough. Clearly ranking among the best if not THE best steakhouse in the Chandler area.  The happy hour bar area is nice as an alternative and they have the full menu available as well.  Used to come here as a special occasion place but it has now established itself in my general rotation of high quality nights on the town.
3 Great steaks. Great sides. Good wine. However, avoid the bar, oddly enough, especially during happy hour. The appetizers, while cheap, are not nearly as good as what I would have expected based on the steaks and other options I have really enjoyed in the dining room. The bar and the dining room just seem to operate on two different wave lengths. If that were not the case this place would be a solid four stars for me.
4 I came here recently for a special occasion dinner with my office staff and it was very nice.  The restaurant itself is well designed, with muted colors, dark woods and dimmed lighting.  The wait staff was neatly presented in crisp white shirts and clean, black service aprons.  We prearranged for a pre-printed dinner menu that was labeled as being for our party that night.  I thought that it was a nice touch, and I am well aware that it was also a clever cost containment measure since it also kept our staff from wildly ordering off of the regular Fleming's menu.  Our servers were all very gracious and attentive and took very good care of our party of about 25.  Our food was all brought out at the same time, which was no small feat on the kitchen's part.  Everyone seemed genuinely happy with their food, I didn't see anyone complaining about anything.    I ordered the petite filet, medium rare, and it was absolutely perfect in every way.  The meat was cooked perfectly and was tender, moist and delicious.  There were various sides served 'family style' raging from buttered corn to asparagus, and they were all very good as well.  As a dessert I ordered crème brulee, and it was deliciously creamy with the perfectly sugar crust on top.  My only complaint about my food, and it is minor, was that the crème brulee wasn't the ice cold temperature that I usually prefer.  I like my crème brulee pre-fired so that it has time to cool off before I eat it.  I don't care for warm custard, but it's purely a personal preference and I still thought the dessert was fantastic.  The only other thing I would point out is that many people aren't fans of the a la carte menu system, it can be annoying, and ridiculously expensive, to order every side dish seperately from the main entree.     That said, this was still a great experience in a wonderful restaurant.  I highly recommend it for any special occasion dinner as long as your budget will allow it.
3 Consistently good Happy Hour. Good burgers and drinks. The downside is how crowded it gets and that the happy hour is only good in the bar. It should be entire restaurant.
4 My husband brought me to Flemings on my birthday. The staff were lovely, all wishing me a 'Happy Birthday' which was a nice touch. The food itself was great. I found a lovely wine on their great wine list and my husband went with a wine recommended by the server which he enjoyed. We both had steak which was cooked as requested and to perfection. If I was to be picky, I would say the side dish of fries I had did not justify the $10 price charge. For dessert I had cheesecake which is the best I've had in a long, long time. Again the staff recognised my birthday and the cheesecake had a candle on it. When we were paying the bill I was given a lovely box of truffles and a gift voucher. Yes, it is expensive but if you have an event you are celebrating they do go that extra yard to make it a memorable occasion for you :-)
4 It's Flemming's, need I say more. Brought some customers here for a post meeting dinner and Brian, our waiter, was fabulous.  Kept all orders perfectly matched and was always attentive. Multiple New York Strips were cooked to perfection. I ordered mine smothered in blue cheese. Wow! So perfectly medium rare and the cheese and juices still make my mouth water.  In my opinion, the best chain chop house in the country.
4 Pricey but always a great steak!  We came here for a family celebration and even though the place was full of business diners, we received good service.  We started with the chilled seafood tower which while pricey, was excellent.  This was followed by salads and I have to say that I preferred the"old" Wedge versus the New Wedge. The previous Wedge was the best that I have had anywhere and was just the right combination of flavors and crispy iceberg lettuce.  Steaks (Filets and Prime Ribeyes)  were tender, moist, and cooked to perfection.  Personally, I just prefer the high-temperature broiling method that Flemings uses to cook their steaks versus an open-flame/grilling approach. One diner had Seabass which fresh and tender. Sides (grilled asparagus, Fleming's potatoes, and creamed spinach) are always fresh and flavorful and among the best I've had anywhere.  The Raymond Napa Valley Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon was a nice value accompaniment with the steaks.  Crème Brulée was excellent and the Chantilly cream is just sinful.  A great place for special occasion.
4 Went in for a quick bite and glass of wine, came out happy. Would be five stars if the glass wine list was better.
2 The service at this location is not what one would expect at an upper end steakhouse or any fine dining establishment.  This was my third visit to this location and the service level and attentiveness of the wait staff is not on par with other Fleming's or what it should be for the price point.   Perhaps as one of the few upper end dining options in the area, they just can't get a decent staff since the area is cluttered with chain casual dining restaurants.    This place really needs to try harder and step it up and give people a level of service they expect for what they are paying.
1 Had the NY  strip, green beans, Mac & cheese and key lime pie. Out of a group of four that shared the same side dishes, I ended up getting food poisoning! Three days later and I'm still feeling the effects and lost six pounds too! I will not be going back... Diner beware!
5 Sunday night prime rib special is amazing!  Comes with salad, side dish, and dessert!  This prime rib was the best I think I have had!  Usually when you order it rare to mid rare it can be a little tough or chewy, but this prime rib melted in my mouth!  There were four of us, we all ordered the same special with different sides so we all could share...highly recommend it!
1 The service is impersonal, inattentive (bordering on rude) and we often have to request new seating because they try to fill their back room which is cold and empty. Steaks are good but not great, limited menu, most disappointing aspect of the entire experience is the attitude of the food servers. We have dined here dozens of times.  Additionally when you are paying $100 a plate you would expect some sort of dress code instead of people in flaps, tee shirts,  and shorts.   They do have good creme brulee! Sorry I don't like to write bad reviews but things haven't changed at this chop house and my last experience was the straw to break the camels back. We're ack to Morton's.
5 My wife took to me to Flemming's to celebrate my 31st birthday this Wednesday.  What a pleasurable experience we had.  Everyone from the hostess to server to bus boys were extremely nice and inviting.  An example of the service we received can be summed up by this.  They offered to bring me dessert for my birthday, once finding out I was gluten free they provided me with a key lime truffle covered in toasted coconut instead of cake.  Ugh, impressed I was.    The food was remarkable.  Their new Porcini Filet Mignon was out of this world.     Go to Flemming's and enjoy.  The next thing for us to get to is the happy hour.
4 Good steak good service just what you expect when you come here
4 Amazing place!
3 This is my first fine-dining experience.  Unfortunately, I was not impressed. I guess I expected a waiter like SpongeBob when he cleared his mind of everything but fine dining and breathing.  But what I got was just a regularly decent wait staff.  Nothing wrong with that, but I thought there'd be an "experience" to go along with the price here.  Nope.  We had a party of about 18 for a couple grads in the family.  I will say that we were all given good attention by our waiter, and he did a fine job earning his tip.  Its just that there wasn't anything special about the service that you wouldn't find at Applebee's or something.  The food was an experience, though. I had plenty of time to look the menu over a thousand times (late people, I swear).  The cheapest thing on the menu was in fact on the kids' menu.  But we were there for a special occasion, and it was a steak house that featured....steak.  So I would've kicked myself for ordering anything other than steak.  I may have paid $50 for it, but good lord that rib-eye was the best steak I ever had.  No exaggeration.  Like I said, I've never been to a restaurant like this, so maybe that's why I've never had a steak that good.  And I know there are probably competitors for the best steak in Chandler and the surrounding cities.  But for me, this is as good as its ever gotten.  If there is a steak that tastes better than this, I don't know if I could handle it emotionally.  I'd probably start crying.  I don't have to describe it.  If you eat steak, then you know what a good steak tastes like.  This one tasted like tha; probably better.  Flawless.  Of course, all sides are extra.  I ordered nothing but the meat, as I guess I'm a little too budget-minded for this place.  The pop I ordered took the place of potatos or a salad.    People ordered the lambchops, chicken, sliced filet mignon, crab cakes, and some other stuff.  The only complaint was about the french fries haha.  I didn't try them.  I will say that the wedge salads looked great and were very big.  Also, as far as the amount of food you get, the chicken seemed to offer the biggest portion size.  Honestly though, everybody paid so much for their food that I didn't want to ask anyone if i could try their stuff.  It really is a nice place, too...at least I think so.  The lights are dim so people won't see you frown at the prices.  The napkins are fancy...and so are the ones in the bathroom apparently, as my cuz brought one out to show me.  It is not quiet - but not louder than any other restaurant.  From what I read and hear people say, a fine dining place is supposed to be quiet and stuff.  If that matters to you, perhaps this isn't fine enough for you, because its just like any place else volume-wise.  Perhaps 3 stars is stiffing them a bit.  I mean, my meal was perfect...the service was good...and the ambiance was nice.  Am I just too much of a cheapo?  Did I expect too much of an experience for the price?  Maybe.  But I still feel that everything except the steak could have been just a tad better.  If there is ever another reason to go fine-dining, I'm sure I would suggest some place else instead of coming here again.  I saw what they have to offer...and despite the awesome steak, it just wasn't enough to bring me back.
3 Not as nice as the Flemings I went to  regularly in Palo Alto.  It starts with sitting in the back room, which feels like a mid-level hotel restaurant.  It continues with the wedge salad, which is still above average, but not nearly as good as I'm used to (i.e., the bacon should be chopped and the blue cheese dressing should have more chunks of blue cheese).    The Flemings Potatoes were excellent.  My rib eye was underwhelming.  It didn't have the usual crust I've come to expect.  Service was good.
3 In years past I would have easily given Flemings 5 stars.  The restarurant is too noisy.  We always dine in the bar, but there is very limited seating.  My husband loves the bone-in rib-eye and it was prepared perfectly for him.  Our salad was delicious and of course no complaints about the beer and wine.  Fleming s Potatoes, (layed potatoes, cream, and cheese)-usually slightly spicy, were old and flavourless. My food was gross; braised short-ribs and spinach. Too much fat on the meat.  My dessert (for my birthday!) was cream brulee and was always one of the best around, but in this case, the texture was mushy.  I have had jello pudding that was smoother and tastier.   The worst part was that we both got sick serveral hours later.  The only thing that we both shared was the Fleming s potatotes and the salad - the Perfect Wedge  with blue cheese dressing.  It tasted really good though.  So maybe it was the potatoes.  Bottom line is that it was a shame for a Saturday night, $150.00 dinner.
2 First time going to Flemings and was hoping for a great experience. Unfortunately it felt like the worse financial expenditure in my life. The atmosphere was clean and elegant but the very loud and made it even hard to communicate with our server. Most of us had Chefs Special which was a filet, scallops, and shrimp. Sounds great right. Well the shrimp was tough and the scallops soft and bland more boiled than seared and the steak was well cooked but all was served warm to cold. I love small portions when every bite is exquisite but for mediocre and high prices you might as well serve a larger portion to ensure your guests at least paid for something of substance.   I never plan to return and next time I choose a steakhouse we plan on returning to the Keg. Better atmosphere, service, quality, quantity, and price. Overall a much better value then the over priced Flemings. Next time i will sit at the bar and try one of their burgers instead. I have the review 2 stars because the chipotle Mac and cheese was awesome and the carpaccio was to kill for. Everything else specifically the main courses was money down the drain.
4 Went out for our wedding anniversary and decided to give this location a try. Have dined at Fleming's in other states before and always enjoyed ourselves. 1st big plus is we had a reservation and our table was actually ready. Nothing irks me more than making a reservation and still having to wait 20 minutes for a table.   Service was very good. Our server Megan was very nice and knowledgable. She even called over the manager / sommelier to answer my questions about the wine list.   Food was great. My wife had the small plate scallops and they were outstanding. I had the pris fixe menu petite filet and salmon with the chili lime shrimp appetizer. Also very good and very filling. We finished with the chocolate lava cake. I'm not really a dessert guy, but it was worth it.   The only thing that keeps me from giving this location 5 stars is the bar & happy hour. The bar is very small and absolutely packed every night. Since you can only take advantage of the happy hour specials in the bar it becomes a regular mob scene by 5:00. Management needs to seriously rethink the logistics on this. They're sending a lot of potential customers next door to Roy's and the Sandbar due to poor planning.   All in all a very good experience. We'll be back.
5 Get the summer pairing of a filet and salmon with the chile lime prawns-best salmon I've ever had!!
4 Even though I still think the bar area is lacking, now that I have been here a couple of times for dinner, I have no qualms about adding an extra star. Their steaks are phenomenal! A little pricey perhaps, especially since the sides are all a-la-carte. Oh, but their mashed potatoes are so delicious it's worth the extra money. And they have some great salads, too!  It's the type of place you really want to order multiple courses because everything they serve is great, not just the steak. And even though the beer options are limited, their wine list is fantastic. They have a huge selection, at many different price points. Pretty cool that they also give you an ipad to look it all over.  Even though this place is a chain, it's worth a visit if you are in the mood for a great steak. It definitely beats out the other options like The Keg and Ruth Chris. Get on their email list and you'll get the advertisements for when they do special stuff like give you a free gift cards when you spend a certain amount on dinner. They also sometimes do seasonal pre-fixe meals. Right now they also have a small plate special that will help keep the bill reasonable. Of course, you can always stick to the $6 sirloin burger in the bar. ;0) Just wait until the weather is good so you can enjoy it on the patio.
5 We had a most enjoyable dinner at Fleming's. The staff was very friendly and polite. The meal was so yummy - I didn't want to stop eating.  The young lady who seated us was very sweet and warm. Mark (our waiter) was helpful and prompt. Conner (who assisted Mark) always kept bread and water on the table- and cleared off dirty plates quickly. The manager came over and checked on us (we told him how well we were being taken care of). We were impressed with the young man who valet parked our car (missed his name). Very friendly and enjoyed chatting with him a few minutes. Of course, compliments to the chefs for the best seabass and mashed potatoes I have ever eaten....the cream brulee was so yummy.  Thanks for a wonderful evening... Your staff is awesome....
4 The happy hour is great - $6 apps/drinks but the bar area is tiny and can't hold more than 15-20 people.  As a result it fills up right away.  Get there early if going for happy hour.  For the dining room the food is great.  The steaks and prime rib are great.  The prime rib special on Sundays is an especially good deal.  You get a salad, prime rib, a side, and a dessert for $39.95.
5 Service was perfect and steaks were great.
5 Let me begin by saying that if you come here, you should not allow anyone but Nikky (Nicolette) to serve you. Not because others aren't excellent, but just because Nikky is extraordinary.   We visited with a group of 4 - 2 of my colleagues, and a senior level client. We were exceptionally obnoxious, and Nikki was brilliant, walking a tightrope of give and take good humor and unrivaled customer service.   We all had an absolute blast and the food was wonderful. We had the seafood tower for 4, and two of us had the petit fillet medium rare and a lobster tail.   The fillet was cooked perfectly - slightly charred on the outside and pink, warm and tender in the center without being chewy.   The seasoning was right on, adding the right amount of savory while allowing you to taste the perfection of the quality cut of meat.   The lobster was cooked well - with a hearty substance while maintaining its tenderness.   The Mac n Cheese was some of the best I've had at a steakhouse.   The wine list was extensive and even impressed out super-wine-connoisseur client.   We will definitely be coming back, and Nikky will be serving us.
5 Wanted a top notch meal and that's what we got.  The pork belly appetizer was cooked perfectly and also had a polenta/cherry sauce that worked well.  Wedge salad was a pleasure - big slices of blue cheese on fresh bacon.  Wonderful.  All entrees were prepared perfectly - dry aged ribeye, filet, salmon - excellent.  Mac and cheese and au gratin potatoes were just as decadent as we'd expect.  The onions were a bit grainy but not bad.  For desert we got a molten lava cake - oozy as expected plus a perfectly crisp vanilla cookie and ice cream.  Wow.  A grass hopper for a night cap and I'm already planning my next trip.  Service was very good.
5 Ate Dinner here when I was visiting a friend in Arizona. The food was superb. The locatiion was nice and the ambiance was beautiful. Had a pork chop and crab cakes and that food was delcious. Also tried the Fleming Potatoes and was so stuffed I couldn't finish it but they were delicious as well. I highly recommend this place. Prices are expensive though so don't forget your wallet. LOL
5 Wow!  What a great steakhouse with such a nice ambiance.  The wait staff is superb, very professional and taught very well.  They use technology and everyone is welcoming. They educate on each wine that they offer.  We had such a fun experience with Moscato and Moscow Mules but got down to business with the wonderfully enjoyable food they served.  I had the peppercorn steak with chipotle mac and cheese and sauteed mushrooms.  The dish was well done and its actually making me salivate as I remember how tasty it was.   Worth every dime.
4 One of the most consistent steakhouses in america. The filets are exceptional, and the cellar is solid.
5 We were here for a company dinner and couldn't have picked a better place. We ordered a few appetizers, including the lump crab cake, calamari, and Brie cheese. All were great, but my favorite was the crab cakes. For entree, I had the Dry Aged Prime New York Strip steak cooked medium rare with a side of asparagus. I initially told the waiter to hold the butter on the steak but then he explained that they don't drown their steaks in butter like Ruth's Chris. So I went with the butter and was glad I did; the steak was wonderful!  Traveling to Phoenix for work can be tiring, but dinner at Fleming's makes up for it!
2 We've previously dined here before and had a great time but I guess they've gone downhill since then (or at least this location). There's no valet :( we waited a few min before we were sat at a booth, we let our server know we would need a steak to go and she advised us to order it after we get out meal.We started out with the carpaccio and pork belly, the carpaccio is still the best in town but the pork was dry and underwhelming at best. The salads followed we had the Caesar (great flavor) and Flemings (very bland). This is where the bad starts my husbands NY strip was cooked properly but mine and my friends were not I ordered med rare ( I received med well) my friend ordered med (got med rare) I sent mine back, the server was not happy with that. After 15 min I got my new steak done right, at this point the rest of the table were finished eating so we ordered dessert and reminded our server we wanted a meal to go and our check because we had to leave soon. She seemed very busy and I had to flag down another server to pay our bill, after 25-30 min we finally had our meal and could leave. Bottom line I think next time we want a good steak we'll go to the Scottsdale location or City Hall!
2 We have dined at this Flemings location numerous times before and had wonderful experiences, however, this time things fell very flat.  Things started off fine with water and a wine list that was provided via Ipad.  My fiance's mother asked the waitress for wine recommendations and she wasn't able to help ( it seemed like she wasn't too familiar with the selection).  Ordering food was fairly quick and easy.  Once we received our steaks, the waitress informed us about the lava cake that takes 20 minutes to cook, and told us she would check back in shortly to see if we were interested.  We didn't see her again for at least 30 minutes.   I know, I know.  When people usually say 30 minutes they are grossly overestimating out of frustration; however, we actually did wait that long.  So long in fact, it began to get awkward at the table.  All the food was consumed and our wine glasses were empty, yet our waitress was nowhere in sight.  When she did finally show, it was too late to order the lava cake.  We instead ordered two plates of creme brulee and two desserts to go, along with a cup of coffee.  The coffee was cold, and it took 10 minutes to get a new hot cup.  Once dessert was finished we again were left waiting around for our waitress; waiting to clear dishes, waiting to receive the check, and again, waiting to pay the check.  In all it took us two hours to have a simple meal, and that was not by choice.    The food was great, per usual, but the service was just downright bad.
5 Outstanding food and service.. Steaks were perfectly cooked and the lava cake is to die for. Highly recommend to anyone wanting a great dining experience. Wait staff is highly attentive and really wanting to make your experience top notch..
2 I was there last weekend with my husband we didn't have reservations they told us there were heaters on the back patio which there was, unfortunately I still froze my butt off (not that it's their fault ) but it was uncomfortable throughout the meal . Also, no one noticed us after 10 minutes to ask if we wanted anything to drink... This is going to sound silly, but an appetizer said pork belly fried appetizer served with cranberry sauce, needless to say I didn't realize that was pure fat on a plate ( most places don't serve pure lard on a plate for a snack)  and I told the waiter that it was not to my liking and he seem to be disgusted by it. This place for the amount of money you pay, I am surprised by the crappy customer service and the food was nothing to brag about. I guess I'll have to make a trip back to Cali for some good food!!!!
5 Consistently incredible service and flawless steaks award Fleming's Steakhouse five big ones. I've been to steakhouses all over the country and this place holds it's own with the best of them while not being overbearingly expensive. It's not cheap by any means, and it's got a dash more of the old school cool flare than the modern feel to it, but I don't consider that a particular fault. Few places at this point in time get me as fired up as knowing I'm going to Fleming's for a bone-in rib-eye... that thing is a masterpiece.
5 Oh my god! This place is amazing! First of all you have to know that I am French. I enjoy American food but actually this place could be an upscale French restaurant.  Great place to bring a date if you don't mind to spend so much money, but actually it's worth it...  I had a beer, a great IPA, rotator from widmer brothers. Very nice.  Then we ordered some appetizers, some seafood, shrimps and crab and lobster plate. That was beautiful, fresh and the sauces with it were so good. I was already full after this but we had then one of their suggestion. A huge piece of beef for 2 with a very long bone. I can't remember its name. Sides : the corn and mashed potatoes with garlic. Insane. Great. We also had some onions, so tasty! Amazing! I was so full after this but I couldn't resist to try one of their desserts. I had the creme brûlée, and god it was perfect! I tried several times before but that one is the best I had in USA. Served with fresh berries.  And then, the coffee. You guys don't know what is a real espresso, I'm sorry to tell you this. But actually Flemings espresso is great! Oh and, I forgot the most important... The bread. They give you a big piece with sauces, blue cheese and a whipped butter. Oh my god this is the best bread I had in the area. Even if it's not as good as French baguette, that was pretty good.  I will go back to that place for sure, expensive one but worth it so bad!
3 Note that I went here for happy hour  I ordered their $6 happy hour burger and at my server's commendation the happy hour carpaccio.  Not sure if it was because of happy hour or not, but the burger I received was sort of small for one with a normal retail of $13.95. Lets break it down into parts.  The bun- fairly dense and hearty bun that soaked up the juices and didn't fall apart on you when eating it. Not really the most flavorful, but a good base for the burger.  The patty- smaller than the bun (not a good sign), seemed to be a coarsely ground and actually really juicy. Just the way I like it, except for one major flaw. I asked for the burger to be cooked to medium, and the burger I received was well done. Not sure I like that an expensive steakhouse overcooked it's beef. The patty was a little too salty too.   Toppings- 2 small pieces of bacon that probably would have made 1 regular sized strip. The lettuce and tomato were cheap though and there was no onion to go with the burger. (reviewing my photo there was onion,  it was just so small and thin that I couldn't taste it). This level of veggies I would expect in a fast food place. Cheese was nicely melted but wish it had a stronger flavor.  Sides- the fries were decent, but the portion once again small.  The carpaccio wasn't that good to me. I liked the toasted Parmesan bread they served with it, but the beef itself didn't seem that fresh to me with a pale color that was starting to turn grey around the edges. Maybe the beef was perfectly fine, but it just didn't look that fresh to me. Of course maybe I just didn't eat it fast enough either. I felt like I liked the carpaccio at Va Bene down the street a bit more.   So why did I give this place a 3 star review although I didn't really think the place was that good? Because I think the price I paid was worth the meal I got, no more no less. Not a value buy like I was expecting, but decent overall.
2 I had heard that this was a good fancy restaurant to go to so I took my parents here when they came to visit town and I must say that I was dissappointed. The cost for 3 people was exorbitant for the quality. We are not a family that minds spending a little for excellent food but this meal did not meet the standard for the amount our meal was for three people.  The portions of the appetizers we shared were tiny. I think we had three pieces of ravioli in the ravioli dish which was not much. My steak left a pile of inedible gristle that filled a quarter of my plate and I don't even usually mind a little fat which adds flavour.  It was clearly not edible but the waiter asked me 'aren't you going g to eat that?' 'Uh..that's a no.' For the price I would not go there again. Too expensive for mid level quality. I would prefer somewhere like the keg where I have had far better food at a better value.
2 I recently dined here and did not have a good experience. I dine at steakhouses frequently, Hillstone group, capital grille etc. and this place has never been comparable. My filet had no sear, my boyfriends dad's fish was over cooked, the creamed spinach was like soup, burrata was a joke and the sautéed spinach was over salted. There pour on glasses of wine are quite small too, no different ounce options. For the prices, go to Capital Grille! Pretty disappointing, especially the waiter with the southern accent giving us attitude for complaining about the soupy creamed spinach and not wanting to order there chocolate lava cake, lol. Chandler is pretty disappointing with there options of restaurants. Not worth the drive.
3 So- I always come here for happy hour. I actually haven't had regular dinner at this location- ever.  The happy hour menu is pretty cool- it's limited, but the stuff is tasty.  I have, however, had a problem with slow service here.  Frustratingly slow actually- which isn't expected for this type of restaurant.
3 If u make a reservation plan to wait 15-30 minutes longer. We made a 7:45pm reservation & were not seated until 8:15. If you like a good steak it might be worth the wait. Just don't plan on a movie after.
5 Great experience at Flemings Phoenix.  I've wanted try Flemings for some time.  We have one in my home town of Walnut Creek, CA., but have not yet got around to it.  On a recent business trip to Phoenix our hosts treated us to dinner at Flemings. We started with an array of appetizers. All very good. For my entree I had the rib eye and I have to say it was perfection! Cooked as I ordered and seasoned perfectly. The mashed potatoes and green beans were very good too. Desert was carrot cake. I'm not a big fan of carrot cake, but as far as they go I'm sure it was great.  The server was attentive and very friendly. Also, I ordered horseradish on the side and he remembered without being reminded. I don't take that for granted anymore.   The location was a bit strange. It's located in a strip mall. I'm accustomed to a Flemings being in cool, unique locations. But maybe it's a Phoenix thing. Everything is located in a strip mall in Phoenix.  I've eaten at Morton's and Ruth's Chris many, many times. Flemings is my new favorite and will have my steakhouse business going forward.
3 Service was slow, never got bread, and the halibut special wasn't anything to brag about.  Halibut never really tastes fishy but when you cover it up with a weird white sauce and throw crab on it you might as well put cod on the plate.  Just not what you would expect from a $100+ dollar meal.  Check out the flemmings potatoes though.  It's a glimmer of hope, even though an extremely small portion for a "family style" portion.
2 Not what you would expect for a $150+ meal for two. For an "upscale" steakhouse the food and service were nothing great. First, we never got the bread our server said would be right out when we arrived. We proceeded to ask for it two additional times before it was finally brought to us when we received our entree. The halibut was ok, but over cooked and the sauce on top was over bearing. The calamari was decent, but I have definitely had better. I also wish they put whatever sauce they had on it on the side so they breaded part stayed crispy. The only saving grace of the meal were the Fleming's potatoes. They were delicious. I doubt I would ever find myself back here, but if I did I would get the potatoes. Lastly, its not necessary to ask every time you refill water/ice tea, just fill it up and if I am not thirsty anymore I won't drink it and thus you won't refill it.   If you are looking for a delicious meal with great service this is not the place for you. My personal favorite in the valley is Mastro's City Hall - you will not leave disappointed.
1 My fiancé and I came to this location for  Easter brunch. WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!!!! To start, our lobster bisque came out ice cold. Then we ordered the filet eggs benedict which we were told was prepared medium rare. When it showed up the steak looked like a piece of leather and tasted like one too. We had to request coffee on 3 separate instances before our request was ever accommodated. It's incredible that for a 100 dollar brunch we didn't even get as much as an apology. I've had better meals at Denny's.
5 5 Stars across the board. Made the reservation online for a small celebration for a 60th Wedding Anniversary for 4 people. We were running late and called the restaurant twice to change our reservation times; Jessica and Gabrielle were very accommodating and took care of it immediately. The valet Matthew was outstanding. We got seated right away with the awesome Jason and Julia waiting on us. The Calamari, Mushroom Ravioli and Crab Cakes were amazing. Jason recommended a  Merlot from their iPad wine list and it was great. The New England Clam Chowder and the Caesar Salads with the anchovies were fresh and tasty. Bread was warm and replenished right away.  Entrees were cooked perfectly with juicy NY strip steaks  and big scallops, served hot. The side garlic mashed potatoes were delicious. For dessert we got the Creme Brule with the chantilly cream and it was to die for. The manager Bruce stopped by to wish the anniversary couple and see how we were doing, and our waiter presented the couple of the evening with a box of truffles and a $25 gift card, which was a very nice and classy touch. Great ambiance, fantastic food and wonderful attentive service. I have eaten at the Scottsdale location and this one is just better and warmer. Thank you so much.
4 Happy hour is 7 days a week but only in the bar and patio.  Check out their website for the specifics.  The Flemings burger on the happy hour menu is a winner.  The wife and I usually sit in the bar area.  The service seems to be better in the bar area, and we mix and match the happy hour specials with the dinner menu items.  I am not big on chain restaurants but this place doesn't feel like a chain.  Was reading someone did not like the halibut. This place is a Steakhouse. Martini, steak, creamed spinach, asparagus, baked potato, wedge salad and a dessert you don't need. Now that's the ticket.
5 My favorite place to go when we don't want to cook or BBQ ; calamari and burger ate to fast for pictures
4 We came back to Flemings to give them another shot after we had a bad experience for Easter Brunch and it was fantastic. The service improved tremendously and the food was perfect. My fiancé had the bone in rib eye and it was amazing!
5 This place is so yummy! The spreads they serve with the asiago bread is to die for! I had a ribeye special with shrimp and scallops and it was delicious! I recommend the blue cheese mashed potatoes as a side! It's very pricey... But if you are looking for a nice dinner out I highly recommend this!
