1 This visit would be my first and last.   1. The guy took my car in was way too pushy, insisted on synthetic oil when I already said NO, and treated me like an idiot saying something to the extent that he wouldn't put regular oil even in his loan mower (I do drive a luxury coupe but I trust owner's manual and will not put anything different into my car. I'd be the last person to get blindly influenced by marketing stunt.)   2. They dropped oil on to my front bumper, didn't even wipe it off, it's small stuff but it shows you how much  care they put in to your car.   3. It cost almost $50 for oil change vs $23 with coupon(even w/o coupon $30) at Brake Masters for the exact same service with same grade of oil. Jiffy Lube even charged $3 for topping radiator fluid. I get all fluid topped off FREE at Brake Masters   4. After I took my car home with semi unhappy feeling, I found HUGE grease stain on my visor. The guy must have touched it with greasy hand when he moved my car in/out of the bay. This pushed me over the edge. I have never had any problems with Break Masters. I only opted for Jiffy Lube because I was pressed with time and I thought I can be in and out at this Jiffy Lube which seemed ALWAYS EMPTY. I should've thought WHY it was empty!!!!!   Jiffy Lube is franchised so I'm sure there are some locations provide decent services.. but part of it may be it's corporate culture. From Wikipedia:   "In 2003, Jiffy Lube was the focus of a KNBC investigative report that alleged that Jiffy Lube was charging customers for services not performed. After the investigation aired, Jiffy Lube claimed to perform sweeping changes to their training program to prevent this; however, according to an interviewee, those training changes included how to spot investigative journalists. At the end of the investigation, Jiffy Lube installed cameras in their stores to allow customers to observe repairs. [4] [5]   In 2009, Jiffy Lube was found to be performing repair procedures on vehicles that were recommended against by the manufacturer due to the potential to cause engine damage. These procedures included engine flushes and fuel injection cleaning which can cause engine and fuel injection problems. [6]"   I would avoid Jiffy Lube all together.
2 EVERY TIME I go here, they always seem to give me some run around about how it's going to be an hour or longer wait. Even if there is only one other car in there at the time. That's fine. You don't want my business, I'll take my money else where.
1 For my first time going to a jiffy lube, I am very dissatisfied with the service I received. I went to this jiffy lube because I was in a rush on my way to work and I needed an oil change, I had bought the oil and filter a week ago and meant to go to a Chrysler dealership but didn't have the time and went to jiffy lube for a fast oil change. When I pulled up I informed the guy that I only wanted an oil change and nothing else and that I had brought my own oil and filter. I asked the service guy if I was only going to be charged for labor and he said yes. When his associate wrote my ticket up I noticed the price was $38.47 and I asked if that was the price and he said yes, before I could tell him to stop they had already drained my oil, he said I had a 3 dollar discount for bringing my own oil and that's it. I asked why it was so expensive and he said that it was for a package, I made it clear that I should only be charged for labor and the service man and the manager insisted the price was correct. For an oil and filter change that was bought by me it was $38.47 just for labor. If I would've taken it to a dealership it would've been $10.00 in labor and that's it, avoid jiffy lube at all costs. Car dealerships are WAY cheaper than this joke of a company. I was charged for service that I didn't get and was told by the manager that he could give me no discount. Never again will I give my money to this joke of a company.
3 First time here. In and out within 30 minutes. I usually HATE going to my oil changed because they try to get you to buy everything- esp when they see a young girl and let's face it I don't know anything about cars- the man was very nice and even took my word - no means no. Painless. Thanks!
