4 Overall, it was fun.    We were invited to a birthday party - the staff was very nice and I'm sure they would have been just as accommodating if we had questions.  Dad and daughter had fun climbing and exploring all of the nooks, crannies, and massive slides.  Awesome birthday cake - I don't know where they order it from, but yum!  (I suspect Costco)  The arcade had a lot of games but many of them didn't seem to work.  There were a couple of areas that could use a little sprucing up (inside the trees and what not).  Lighting was a little dark for preference but I'm sure that's for affect.  The toddler area was adequate but didn't seem that exciting for an adult such as myself.  The party food was typical of just about everywhere we've had party food.  Did not get the chance to explore the cafe.  We'd go back.
3 i have to give 2 different reviews regarding this place.  2 stars for cleanliness, and accomodating.  the food area was not that clean and the play areas seem a little on the greasy side.  While standing in line to get in i noticed all the trouble people had getting in because of all their silly rules.  if you dont have socks you have to buy theirs for $6 a pair.  people were coming for a birthday party and they said you couldn't bring in outside gifts.  still not sure about that one, as far as fun is cocernerd i would give it 4 stars.  my kids had a blast.  might be tough for kids under 3 but still doable.  i have a 2 year old that had a blast but it required me to climb through everything with her.  she wasn't scared of anything just real small for a 2 year old.  we will go back but not that often.
4 Don't eat here.  With that out of the way - my kids just LOVE this place (5,9). It is a real step up from Chunky Cheese, Peter Piper, etc...  Very neat layout, and the perfect spot for a birthday party. I was disappointed last time as half the game machines seemed to be out of order (not usually the case).  If you have kids under 10 I highly recommend Makutu's Island. (bring socks or buy them there)
2 My kids like going here, so that is why I gave it 2 stars.  But, as the parent I do not like it.  The toddler area is horrible.  My 2 year old gets bored with it, and wants to play with the big kids.  The big kid area is not suitable for a 2 year old.  So, the whole time I am chasing after her to keep her from getting run over by the older kids.  For my 6 & 7 year old, it is great. Also, I do not find it to be very clean anymore.  It is showing it's age, and needs to be cleaned up.
3 Fun place for kids to hang out for a couple hours, I take my kids here (7,9) and they love it. There is video games, pizza and tons of things for kids to climb on. There is a 2 story tree in the middle of the building for kids to climb up. There are also workers through out the play area helping kids through it.
1 -1 for charging adults to enter. -1 for dusty corners and overall filth -1 for so many "out of order" signs -1 for not much to do here after 20 minutes
3 1 star for service. 5 stars for the fun that kids have. _________________________ So that = a 3.   Because I have to be here too and it sucks to be here I am rating my experience. But the kids do love it so much and have a blast.
5 I love Makutu's!  From a mother's perspective: I love that they have wifi and I can sit in the cafe with my laptop and do work while my kids play their head's off.  There are also little nooks and crannies where other parents were reading books and relaxing.    For the kids:  it's the coolest place ever!  The tree is ridiculously amazing.  It's a little dark in there which makes it very exciting and mysterious to the kids.  There's little caves and underneath passages that are really so cool.    I love it there!  I love it there!  I love it there!
3 Not a bad place to bring your kid.  I chuckled at a past review where someone docked them a star for "not much to do here after 20 minutes".  LOL.  That's an exaggeration, and it really depends on the temperament of the child.  What you will find here is a huge jungle gym thingy with a great ambiance, and a typical token-eating arcade that's stingy on tickets and where you can blow them all on some cheap plastic toy.  There's also a food area here with ok food for everyone.  This is sort of a twist and an improvement of the whole Chuck E. Cheese sorta thing, and Makutu's definitely does it better.  I'd say that it definitely holds the attention longer than Chuck E. Cheese and that memorable birthdays can be had here.  Definitely recommended.
4 I brought kids here from my summer camp.  It was perfect for the summer when it is too hot outside to play.  Inside it is huge and air conditioned! There are a ton of places for kids to run around and play.  Lots of parents were sitting around reading or just watching their kids.  I think most kids up to about age 12 would love it here! I would love to take my 2 daughters here one day.  It is really far from me, but I think they would enjoy it.  I do agree with another poster here who complained about charging parents full price to come in.
4 We enjoyed Makutu's Island, parents and kids alike. It was an air conditioned oasis that drew us in and proved not to be a mirage in the Arizona heat.  I have "tree house envy"!  If you like tree houses and the playground tubes and slides, you'll love Makutu's Island!  There's climbing structures, a zip line, slides, bridges, more slides, fireman's poles, huge fish tank, rope ladders, a toddlers area, arcade games with prizes, even more slides and a cafe!  You have to wear socks, if you don't bring your own, you have to purchase theirs.  Our family of four averaged less than $3/hr per person for our visit, not bad.  The staff has always been friendly and attentive in the several visits we've made.  We burned so much energy here, that getting to bed that night was really easy. Don't tell our kids, but the $24 we spent on entry fee is absolutely worth the ease of getting them to bed!
3 Need a good dusting!  All the passages where the kids play are covered with dust!! Will not take my kid there again.
3 The play structure itself is amazing.  My kids always have fun with that.  Whenever I've gone there, at least 40% of the arcade games are out of order.  I thought it was just a bad day one time, but I noticed that every single time I went there, the same machines were still non-operational.  The staff has always been ok with me.  The restaurant area serves ok food.  They serve what kids want.  It's pretty much food they serve at the local theater, except much less expensive.    The restaurant is tucked away in the corner.  It would be a lot better if you could keep an eye on your children while eating at your table.
4 This may indeed be a place to bring your kid and let them run around and have them tucker themselves out so that they hit the hay and immediately start snoring once you get them home, but what if you don't have any kids?  What if you're just a childless dude who ends up spending an afternoon here with friends who DO have kids?  Well, sir/madam, you'll still probably have fun.  The best part is that the shit you can climb through is big enough for adults, too (unless you're very rotund) so you can go down the fast-ass banana slide or the twisty-ass gray slide (Old Mr. Gray, as I call him).  Yes, the place is dusty as crap.  If you're high enough and you look down, you'll see a ton of dust.  I just don't understand that.  Get a big canister of air and blast it out.  Vacuum it up.  That's really all you need to do.  The food sucks ass.  A lot of the games will totally rip you off out of your well-deserved tickets.  You get the bonus deal and earn 30 tickets but the machine will run out and only pay you out 7 tickets.  Fuckin' wack.  Altogether, it's a fun place.  If you have kids, I'm friggin' positive that you can watch them tire the hell out of themselves for the day here with all the crazy places that they can climb.  If you're just a dude accompanying a friend who has kids, you can also have just as much fun going down the slide, climbing up the weird steps and swinging from zip lines.  The good parts are good enough to outweigh the shitty parts.  Also, I won a whoopie cushion that actually sounds like a real fart.  Those damn things never sound like farts.  I am pleased.
3 Too light on supervision and too hot for this adult, but my nieces had a blast.
4 Our family really loves the "energy burn" from Makutu's Island!  This trip was no exception.   We went on a Friday evening with another family and a guest. We totaled 4 adults & 4 children, a perfect group. The parking lot was packed, but inside wasn't.   As usual we chased each other up & down the obstacles, through the tubes, across the bridges and in the slides, parents too!  On this adventure one of the employees really stood out!  He, Sam, was beyond fantastic!  He talked with each child going through his area, he joked with them, laughed at their jokes, kept a safe watch and engaged the parents to play too!  As a parent, I would hope my children would have Sam's positive attitude and friendly nature at any job, but especially one that involved children. Thanks Sam for adding extra fun to our fantastic night!
4 I love this place! It is a little bit pricy but it is well worth it. It's a full day of fun. It's a bummer that they don't open a little bit earlier during the week. And it is a bit dirty up in the play structure. But germs never killed anyone, right?
4 Great for the kids.  Very reasonable costs.  We had our son's birthday party here.  So here's the scoop.  We estimated 12 kids but only 9 showed up.  So they actually pro-rated our total cost based on the 9 kids.  That is absolutely poor business sense but excellent customer service as we were pleasantly surprised.    Now imagine this doozie- hundreds of kids running around in socks... Delayed bathroom breaks so as not to interrupt fun... exploding bladder in the boys room... Did i mention kids running around in socks?... More kids come in to go to the bathroom and slide around on the urine floor... Go back out and climb on the stuff with your pee socks... Gross.  But that's why God gave us immune systems right?  Great place despite the hygenic shortcoming
4 My 2 friends and I drove up from Tucson today with our kids (5 total - 4 boys age 6, 1 girl age 5) to go to Makutu's today. We wanted to take advantage of our school being out earlier than most; the only drawback to this was they didn't open until noon. (After Memorial Day they'll open at 10am)   Fun was had by all, for a full 4 hours! They didn't get bored and when they needed a little break, they just played in the arcade for a bit.  I thought some of the areas high up were a bit dark but the kids didn't seem to mind. I didn't go onto any of the equipment so I don't know just how dirty it was but I imagine it wasn't any dirtier than any other place like this.   I had very low expectations for the food but I was pleasantly surprised. I mean it wasn't great but it wasn't horrible. Having both menu boards lit up would've been nice but oh well. I ordered a chicken caesar salad which was basically lettuce & grilled chicken but the lettuce was fresh and the chicken was decent  so I was fine. Both of my kids ordered the mac & cheese which came with fries - both were nice portions.  All in all, a positive experience and we'll definetely be back!
5 This place is HELLA awesome! And I am 25 years old with no children. Is that weird? You know what, I don't even care if its weird because this place is so much fun.   It was my nieces birthday last week and my sister decided to bring her here to let her run around and play for a few hours. I totally was expecting this place to be overrun with small children screaming and being obnoxious because the parking lot was crazy full. However, when we got inside it wasn't crowded at all. Its $8.50 per child, and $3.50 per adult. For the kids it seems a little excessive but for the adults its great! Except for the boring parents who sit around looking like they hate their lives or reading or something. If you come here and don't get in the mix and play with your kids, you are a boring parent. There are three different play areas and they all are pretty big. There are crazy slides that even scared me because I wasn't expecting them to be so fast or so dark. In at least one of the areas its gets crazy dark and you can't see where you are going but that's the fun of this place. You never know where you are going to end up. The holes and tunnels and things are big enough for an average sized adult. I saw a few fatties struggling to get through the holes. Good thing I'm skinny, and even then I wondered how I was going to get through some of them but I did. This place was definitely built with adults in mind because in most of the areas I could stand up straight. So that's pretty cool. My husband even disappeared on his own for like 15 minutes at a time sometimes and I would see him coming out of the play houses by himself so even he enjoyed himself.   We didn't eat any of the food, but the water bottles are fairly priced which I wasn't expecting. $1.25 each which is a good deal, considering most water park/play places charge you at least $4 for one. We did spend a lot of time in the arcade however. None of the machines were out of order and we played pretty much all of them. If you have some cash to burn these can be pretty fun. We ended up with close to 1000 tickets at the end and my niece pretty much cleaned out the dinosaurs. The kid at the ticket station found us pretty amusing.   I think we were there close to three hours and we were all tired by the time we got home. My knees were all bruised and sore and my legs hurt the next day. At least I got a workout out of it! I even considered for a few minutes having kids just so I could have a reason to come back here, but I guess I can still borrow my niece whenever I feel like playing.
4 I can't personally vouch for the play experience, by my sweet potato seems to enjoy it and I can kick back with a book for a few hours while he plays. I still think it's ludicrous they charge adults to enter when kids can't go in without them, but what are you going to do? A long afternoon with nothing ahead of you and you're fated to be your four-year-olds play thing. You take them to a place like this. It A-OK in my book and the sweet potato will probably have his fifth birthday here (complete with Angry Birds theme).
5 Rumored to once have been owned by Disney, Makutu's Island is by far the best indoor play area I've ever seen.  It is dominated by a hollow indoor tree with off shoots to volcanoes, a zip line, and an area that seems like a space station.  The slides are faster than roller coasters.  The tubes are slightly too small for adults.  The three level play structure is endless.  And the focus is not on video games, tokens, princesses, fairies, cheap plastic toys, light up toys, toys that break easily, toys that require batteries, tickets, one more dollar, candy, watching TV, quarters, games of skill, side vendors, or junk food.  They have some of these things, but most the time the kids don't notice.  It's about being active, running, exploring, sliding, climbing, losing your friend, finding your friend, finding something new, playing, having fun, having a birthday, going to a birthday, and wearing socks.  My daughter had her birthday here several times.  They take care of everything from having all the kids sign a giant card and recording each gift with the name of the gift giver.  In other words, everything is taken care of, and you can actually enjoy your child's birthday.
3 The toddler section for 3 and under could use some more pizazz.. there are small slides and foam blocks.. for those who are too small and young, this is all they have to play with and it can get boring after a while.  For those who are a little stronger, older and more adventurous- attempting the humongous tree of tunnels and play areas can even be a little challenge for adults- especially if you are claustrophobic and not fond of the dark. It's easy to get into the maze of levels, but once you are in, it's a little more complicated to get out.   This place is so massive, I'm pretty sure there is a kid somewhere lost or dead.. ok, maybe that's a bit extreme, but at one point my son wanted to get down a longest gray twisted tube slide and I actually said, (breathing exasperatedly) "No, I don't wanna die. Maybe we'll go some other time." Another adult snickered at my weakness.  My 2 year old is extremely strong and determined to get through some structures, but at some points it was difficult for him to get out of, sometimes there weren't slides to just fall through, there were poles and ladders that only much older kids can handle.  Even as an adult, following him around and making sure he doesn't run into things in the dark gave me a work-out. Food cafe needs a make-over, it looks old and very out-dated. Entire place could use a sanitizer wipes station as well. Maybe if I wasn't such an old fart I would have liked this place more.
4 Great place to let your kids run around and get them worn out.  Food is not that great, but then again, who cares, it is geared towards kids and I am not planning on having my anniversary dinner here.  My biggest complaint is that they need to install some sky lights in there. It would change the entire atmosphere of the place and probably reduce electrical costs. It is a smidge gloomy and lacks natural light.  Yes according to the other reviews the arcade games are broken quite a bit, but for me that is a plus. Nothing worse than paying to go into a place then getting hit up by your kids for more money to play arcade games when there is an amazing jungle gym in the next room.
4 This place has stood the test of time for my boys. My 10 year old has been climbing the rope nets, navigating tunnels, squeezing through tubes and sliding down the twisty slides of Makutu's since he was barely 3. And his 6 yr. old brother is now a fan (although there was a time he got freaked out by the darkness; yes, it's pretty dimly lit in this place) so we continue to be (infrequent) regulars. A bit pricey, I admit...$20.50 for me and my two boys ($8.50 for ea. child; $3.50 for adults), but they can play ALL DAY if they want (and there have been times this has happened!). The cafe is equipped with Wi-Fi (maybe that's how they justify charging for adults?) but the food is just okay, and WAY overpriced. $4 for 12 itty-bitty pretzel bites. Seriously?  Here's a hint: eat a big lunch with the kids and spend the afternoon burning it off. They will definitely sweat in this place. In a good way! While they're having fun...they won't even realize they're exercising.  Overall, I am a big fan of this place but I have a few small issues: It takes SO long to check you in!  They either need a faster process or some faster employees or perhaps just a few more of them.  Also, the game room is useless. As others have noted, the games are usually broken and I'd rather not have to shell out the extra $ when the point was to get the kids AWAY from the TV/computer/video games. The lack of lighting in certain areas should be remedied, as another reviewer suggested, with LEDs/mini spotlights.
5 Always a family favorite with the two boys, this place will keep them busy for hours between the slides, the tree houses and zip lines. There is arcadade games as well if your interested but your kids will spend so much time in and around the main play area that won't even notice the arcdade games.  Great place at a great value, get there early when they open to avaiod the crowds!
4 My kids love this place... It is usually very crowded and some of the slides are very fast... Most of the kids that work there dont always pay attention... recommended for kids under 10... My 2 and 4 year old love it
2 I try not to review on the first visit, so this is my second time here. Kind staff, good environment for 5 and up. When I was first here a few years ago it was pretty new. Now it is beginning to show its age. Many of the pads are duck taped together, and whole tunnels are missing and duck taped closed. The place is a bit dirtier than a McDonald's play place, though probably harder to clean. The toddler area needs all new pads as half of them are ripped or worn past their usable life. The kids have fun and that's the bottom line so the 3 (3 1/2 if I could) is based on that, but I would love to see it renovated and brought back to life. The owners need to spend some time planning for slow replacement and repairs that are inevitable with the wear and tear equipment they provide.
3 My first visit to Makutu's Island was in April 2012 when I went with my son who was then 9 months and my stepson who was 4. The 4 year old had a great time but it really wasn't for the 9 month old which is why we haven't been back but today we decided we'd give it a try with my now 20 month old. As it was a Saturday it was very busy but the place is big enough to take a lot of kids running about. It's well staffed with attendants in specific places around the complex in what could be considered the potentially dangerous spots i.e. the exits of the slides so this was very good to see. They have a toddler area but to be honest it's very disappointing. There was a raised platform with two small slides and a good sized area with some play shapes but unfortunately they are in poor condition with the stuffing hanging out of them. They need to be binned and new one's bought. This area is so underutilised. If they bought some good equipment and made better use of the space, it would be brilliant. It would also take the toddlers out of the way of the older kids playing on the tree. My toddler did manage to get up to the first level and I was surprised again by how worn and shoddy the mats were. Put it this way, he came down clutching a large piece of stuffing which was spilling out of the safety walkway mats! I think this place is great for anyone 3 plus but younger than that and it's a struggle. We stayed for an hour and a half but I don't think we'll be back for a while, until he's a bit older.
4 I was a guest at a child's birthday party in November 2012. The party experience was great. However when it came to adults ordering their food during the party, the kitchen took a lot longer than the party did. It caused a lot of the parents to have to rush and eat their food or eat it later which at that point it was cold. Otherwise, the experience for the kids was perfect. It is an indoor jungle play area for kids with an arcade. Oh the arcade is small which is fine, but nearly half of the arcade games were broke. This was embarrassing because my son loves this part. The workers were fully aware their games were broke and seemed to have band aid fixes for them. I also booked a party here so we will see if they were able to replace any of the games that were broke.
4 Lots of room for the kids to RUN (and not hang on us)! The kids loved it, lots to do
5 We just celebrated my son's 5th birthday at Makutu's and the experience was fun and stress-free!  They even handled ordering the birthday cake!  All I had to do was show up and enjoy my son's day.   The birthday packages are so very reasonably priced compared to packages at other places.  The kids all had a great time and you could tell that our hostess really enjoys children.
3 I've been hearing a lot about this place and decided to take my daughter there on Saturday. Upon entering, the place seemed loud and really smelly. My daughter is 5 and she went up onto one of the tree houses and I couldn't find her! It was horrible. The place was completely loud and it took me 10 minutes to find her. Needless to say, she did not like it very much. She's really outgoing, but some of the play areas inside were completely dark and even though there are employees there to help assist the kids, I don't think it was very kid-friendly, especially for someone that's not over the age of 10. They do have the theatre open with different activities every 30 minutes and it was fun for the younger kids. I would not recommend this place for someone 10 and under.
4 Whoever came up with place is a genius!!  My boys needed a place to get their energy out....one more day in the hotel and someone was going to lose it (most likely me).  This place is basically perfect.  They ran around and climbed for almost 4 hours.  I felt it was a very safe place for them with the wrist bands the employees checked when guests left.  The boys crashed in the car as soon as we left.  The only thing I don't like is their no return policy.  You are given a wristband with the date and your name, but they cut it off when you leave. If you want to come back on the same day, you have to purchase again.  I would think with the price (I don't understand why adults are charged $3.50 to just sit and watch) that they could leave the wrist bands on so you can return - just check ID . It would be a win-win for everyone!  The no return policy is the only reason they got a 4 star instead of a 5 star.
1 My husband and I took our two yr old here this weekend. I was pretty disappointed before I even walked in the door. The place was soo much smaller than I was expecting. Then my husband and I had to pay to basically chase our very active two yr old around. Which is soo fun, however I can do that at home for free... Then we realized that it wasn't very two yr old friendly. There was a small, crappy, run down area in the very back corner for the three and unders. It consisted of three mini slides and a room full of ripped up, filthy, shaped gym mats. I'm assuming they were meant to be stacked an such but they were all very shoddy looking and very, very dirty. I'm pretty sure they don't get cleaned regularly or maybe never. I just kept thinking of pissy poopy diapers leaking allll over them as my child was picking them up an relocating them. There was an aquarium with a few fish she enjoyed watching and some tunnels my husband followed her through, but we did not let her go up into the high places or places we couldn't see. Our child seemed to be having fun but I was just mortified of the amounts of dust, filth and disrepair EVERYWHERE. They had plenty of staff that could have been cleaning up some of the trash on the floor or dusting or some cleaning. There was also gum stains all over the rubberized floor. Who knows how long those have been there... I also went into the women's restroom and half of the soap dispensers needed soap and the toilet paper dispenser was empty with just a roll sitting on top of it. I won't be able to stop if I start pointing out the amount of dirt and grime ALL over the entire bathroom. Toilets,walls, doors... ick I don't think it's ever been deep cleaned. And I saw numerous kids running in there with socks and bare feet... yuck. If you don't mind health hazards or need to build up your child's immunity go ahead and go to Makutu's but if you are remotely clean and tidy don't go near this place. I don't even want to know what was going on up in the tree house part of this place. Ignorance is bliss occasionally.
1 Could be great, if only the staff cared just a little. The interior and activities are very cool, although much smaller than the pictures on the website would have you believe. The issue with Makutus island is the indifference of the staff. They would obviously much rather be anywhere else. The website advertises 1/2 price admission coupons when you sign up for the kids club, but the form doesn't work. When I called to ask what was wrong I was told they knew about it and the only coupons they were accepting were from the $30 entertainment book. I asked to speak to a manager and am still waiting to hear back...
4 This place is fantastic! This was my son's first visit and I couldn't get him to leave. I really like the way this place is set up. They are very aware of child safety and they have a lot of different policies in place to make sure kids stay safe. They also have a lot of different activities for all ages of kids. When your party arrives, you are all given a wrist band to ensure what kids belong to you and your group and that you leave with them. Stranger danger under control here! This definitely puts a mother at ease when so many kids are running around and having a good time; your little ones can't leave without you! The area is nice a spacious full of all kinds of different adventures for the kids. They have a large tree house, full of obstacles, climbing areas, slides, dead ends, crawling spaces, bridges...... you name it they have it! They also have a little arcade tucked away, so if you want to buy some tokens to get away from the jungle gym for a bit you can. I think this would be a great place to have a bday party, for they have awesome party packages to choose from, you get your own private party area and a coordinator to help with it all! I will be looking into having my son's bday here this year. The best way to describe this place is a huge jungle gym for kids to have a great time at, while the adults can sit back and relax!
3 Makuta's Island is a great indoor playplace for children which is a nice option to have in AZ when the summer heat occasionally prevents outdoor play. It's got large play structures, multiple slides, a small arcade area, and a snack center. My kids had a blast so I can't complain too much.  I did find the place to be a bit run down and dirty. I think a few renovations and a good cleaning wouldn't hurt. It also looked like some of the play structure needed to be repaired, but those areas were blocked off so it wasn't too much of a concern. The lockers also need to be repaired. I put money in two different lockers and was unable to get the keys out before I just gave up and carried my stuff.
2 This place has gotten so terrible.  Padding on areas are falling off the metal poles.  The toddler area is now a joke.  There used to be 30+ pads for babies to climb on, now there are 3 and they look like they were dipped in vomit.  There is also a weird unknown substance melted into the carpet in that area.  I did not enjoy the baby crawling around there.  They got rid of over half of the arcade games that used to be there.  Majority of the ones that are still there are out of order or say that they no longer give out tickets.  Even the ticket machines are broken!  They had all of 5 prizes to choose from now.  I asked the people behind the counter what happened to this place and they looked at each other and said nothing.  I asked them if they thought if the place was going to go out of business and they said they think so.  This place got two stars because kids don't see these types of things and all the kids appeared to be having fun.  I don't think we're going to go back anytime soon because I don't think its all to safe.
3 1/2 of all arcade games are "out of order". I counted 9 out of 20 games were shut down or broken.  The climbing play area is in disrepair. Specifically, the highest most crawling tube. An entire section is missing ! It's blocked off or course, but it's a bandaid fix.  Cleanliness is lacking throughout the facility, but extra attention is needed in the bathroom and drinking fountain area.   The prize counter offers a handful of lousy prizes.  The cafe is ok, basic stuff like burgers, fries, pretzels, etc. Visually, the cafe is dreary and unappealing. The food is not tasty but bearable, after all you here for playtime not 5star cuisine.  The theatre was closed and appears to be used as storage.  The birthday party area was organized and well kept. I was pleased with the service provided by these young people. This was a positive experience.  In summary, the facility is in disrepair and requires such much needed maintenance such as replacing burned out light bulbs. Cleaning the carpet, a little paint here and there. Pride in ownership is missing!  Overall my experience was "ok". Don't expect too much from this place.
1 This place is in decline! It's Friday night and the place is virtually a ghost town. It is no surprise though because the employees don't want to be here either! The have closed the cafe early and stopped cooking hot food even earlier. They will sell you fries but have no ketchup. They are out. They are out of half the menu.   Obviously the management is not interested in running this place well.   Lots of areas are in disrepair. The bathrooms are disgusting. It is sad because a few years ago this place was so much better!!!
5 My son loves this place and I actually do to! I think compared to other indoor places this place is waaay better. I'd rather have my son run around and be active than play on game machines all the time. They do have a small room with those as well, but kids get so busy climbing and running around that they don't even go there. So if your kids need to burn some energy I definitely recommend it.   I also bought a birthday party package from them which I thought was an excellent deal! First I looked at a trampoline place near my house but for $150 all you got was a table and use of the trampolines for the kids, no private room, no food, no nothing. Here for I think less than $200 we got the full package for 8 kids - a host, two huge pizzas which was even enough food for adults as well, drinks, a host, and even a toy. So everything was included and I wasn't harassed with any extras or add ons or anything else.   My only complaint was the host. He was not engaging with the kids at all and behaved more like a good waiter than a kids party host. He was very nice and polite but didn't entertain the kids at all.. But I guess we just got unlucky because I heard from other people that they got awesome hosts for their kid's parties. Oh well, maybe next time...  We'll definitely be back next summer and might even do another birthday party there.
4 Well my kids love it so that's what matters, however, as a parent we tend to look at the quality....getting pretty shabby. It's time for some GOOD maintenance!  My biggest problem has been trying to get in touch with someone to book a Birthday Party. Everytime I call I get an answering machine that really doesn't tell me anything just a person's name and that their mailbox is full so I can't leave a message.   There definately seems to be lack of management. I'm a manager of Youth Services at a health club and would never let things get this bad.
