3 I visit SLT on a regular basis (love to browse the sales for unique bowls and plates), although I shouldn't as it's so easy for me to lose track of time when I'm here!  (I can say the same about shopping at Costco or IKEA!)  I still smile when I need to use one of my Kohn paring knives that come with their own protective sheaths (chose the royal blue, orange-red, and canary yellow); not only are they so adorable to look at and to use, but they're rust-resistant!  I would advice others not to buy the OXO (or similar brand) plastic-end turners.  Mine melted after first use, even though it was heat-resistant to 450F and the range temp was only mid-to-low.    I haven't had any problems returning items here, but then again, the tags were still on them, and I keep my receipts.
4 Sur La Table is my guilty pleasure.  If the kitchen is my laboratory, Sur La Table is my ACME Catalog. They've always got something cool and new to check out, the prices are reasonable, and the staff is great.  Not only are the employees friendly, but more often than not they've got great suggestions on things to check out or how to make the most of what you're buying. In a world where most retail lackeys are sacks of flesh paid to punch buttons, it's refreshing.   The store's not huge, so they may not have your current object of desire. They're more than happy to order it, though.
4 Nearly everything you could want plus I exchanged some Riedel Scotch glasses that got a scratch on them that we bought at the Sur La Table in San Francisco in the Ferry Building.  We didn't have our receipt and their system didn't work with San Francisco's system, but they agreed the glasses shouldn't have scratch and gave me a new set.  7:30 on a Tuesday night and I decide I need one of those rings that sit on the pie as it bakes so the edge doesn't burn, they have it.  Crisis averted.  Pie is enjoyed by all.
5 I have a love/hate relationship with this place.   I love that they have everything you could ever want for cooking or baking but hate that my wife wants to spend hours there asking my opinion on different types of rolling pins and cupcake decorations.  This place really is a one-stop shop for cooks and aspiring chefs.  Robert Pfeifer
5 I'm a cook, not a yuppie decorator.  That's why I prefer Sur la Table over Williams-Sonoma a hundred times.  This particular store has very friendly and never pushy staff.  Like a hardware store, most people who go in actually do need help.  They carry several of everything.  They stand behind everything.  Prices are about the same as W-S, but the variety and depth is far greater.  Furthermore, you can get just about anything found at a W-S at Sur la Tabe, while the opposite is not true.  For the joy of cooking, check it out.
3 Very cool place to browse and pick up stuff for my second favorite room in the house! Make sure you check out the clearance wall, they also have something cool over there. Super helpful here in anything you are looking for and also they have some good cookbooks on hand also.
5 This is pretty much my favorite place to shop for very specific kitchen gadgets or cook ware (yes, they're better than WilliamsS because they have a ton of variety).  Yes, it is pricey if you're buying the big name brands, but the gadgets are priced competitively and they always have a great and well-stocked 'clearance' section in the case you want to grab some great deals.  Their baking tools are varied and they carry a lot of sizes (from HUGE to tiny) for your baking and decorating needs.  Their SLT white porcelain is moderately priced (though World Market may be cheaper some times).  Their staff here is helpful and not pestering.. there have been very few times that I've not found what I wanted or needed for our house/kitchen or for a gift..  I like getting their catalog because you can find great cooking courses (at the Keirland location, though) and they occasionally send you $10 off coupons!
5 Went in to get some ramekins, while holding a toddler in my arms, possibly not the best scenario, but it had to be done. The staff quickly asked if I needed any assitance. They happily found the size and amount I needed. They even asked what I would be making with them, gave me tips and suggestions, etc. Overall wonderful experience. Next time I will bring a stroller to look at all the awesome gadgets.
4 After visiting this store and a couple other locations, I can officially say I'm a Sur La Table girl rather than Williams Sonoma. Sur La Table has a much better selection and better service. If anything, SLT people tend to be overly eager to help, but I'll take that over being ignored at Williams Sonoma.  During my last trip to SLT, I needed an apple corer so my husband could make some culinary abomination called a "potato bomb." The salesgirl showed me no less than 5 versions and helped me select the best one for our needs.   I also got a mini loaf pan (their brand) that is now my favorite piece of bakeware. The pan is nice and heavy and coated in silicon so you don't have to use any butter or spray. The coating makes it very easy to wash too.  Another reason I prefer SLT is because they carry scharffen berger chocolate. It's the best stuff, and you can't tell me otherwise. I can't see myself buying other food items there however. Their cake decorations were ridiculously over priced, as in $15 for sprinkles.  What really draws me in at SLT is the clearance sections throughout the store. I picked up a 4qt Staub in a SLT-exclusive green color for $50 off. I'm a sucker for a good bargain, and that one made me giddy.
1 We bought or second Jura Compressa coffee machine from Sur La Table.  It was an expensive model priced over $3K.  After 2.5 short months it stopped working.  The only  option they offered was to send it in for repair.  When I asked to have it replaced I was told the turn around was 48 hours.  Its actually 4 -5 weeks when all is said and done.  I high priced item and thats the kind of customer service. Not to mention an expensive product that cant make it 90 days.  Extremely bad customer service on this one.
5 Excellent service, friendly staff AND they always have what I need to make cooking and baking even more fun! Love the unique gadgets. Found the very hard to find locally, fiori di Sicilia that I needed for my cannoli! Amazing!
5 I'm a foodie & I love to cook, so of course, I love places like this. All kinds of gadgets and cool culinary items. What I love is that most of the stuff here is quality and for the true culinary wanna be or is/been. My favorite wine opener came from here as did my favorite Le Creuset pot. The girl the last time I was there and admittedly, dove in the store knowing it was about to close, was so sweet. I apologized for my tardiness but needed a last minute gift and she said it was fine because she had stuff to do anyway. I was testing out the Nespresso machine and she even made me an espresso to try and schooled me on it's efficiency. Wow. No rude clerks here and since I love this store .. That's a 5:-)
4 Bought a short chef's knife here. Decent prices. Friendly staff, but there only seemed to be two employees in the store, including the one running the register. They could have used a third person I believe. Price was decent, staff was helpful, no real complaints save that they seemed understaffed for 5:30 on a friday.
4 This is a pretty cool store to shop in! They have a ton of interesting, high end kitchen appliances available. It seems like everything is chrome, very high end, and awesome looking. Plus, they will give you a coffee while you're shopping when they are demonstrating their high end coffee maker. It's a fun experience for sure.
5 Although this place carries some of the highest end kitchen and professional cooking utensils,  they still make you feel like your right at home.  The staff are very friendly and personable,  not conceded at all.  I went in to get some knives sharpened,  and  was treated to a Nespresso demo with complimentary espresso while I waited. The staff was very knowledgeable about all products  that I asked about,  especially their high end knives.   I'm definitely going back next time I need anything kitcheny!
3 Good selection of products, helpful staff, but pricey stuff.  Some sale items are reasonable but others don't seem to even qualify as sale price.  I like to come here or William Sonoma when I'm looking for specialty items. Today however Cost Plus has what I want and for a lot less too.
