5 S K Cleaners cleaned and removed the stain from my tie without adding virtually any creases to it (unlike a couple of cleaners I've used in the past).  Very impressed.
3 Small mom and pop store owned by fellow Koreans (talk about stereotypes lol)  Anyways, I think they do a good job with dry cleaning my suits and pants. They always come back crisp and clean.   But they were a little disappointing in hemming/altering my suit jacket which had a broken/busted up edge from I don't know how. It was just loose stitching that ran across the bottom of my suit jacket so I just needed it to be closed without any loose ends. When I got it back, it looked pretty bad with loose ends and it didn't even look like the other side. Not to be mean, but if I took home economics, I'm sure I would've done a better job. Another  incident that made me think less of their altering job was when my gf had to get something fixed on her dress and they said they were not physically able to do it.   If you are going to get a cleaning, great place. But if you have to get alterations (even minor ones), maybe look for a different place.
4 They are on the expensive side for drycleaning ($9 for a trench coat), but I was very happy with their alterations.  I waited until the last minute to get some dress pants hemmed up for a trip. The alterations place at San Tan that I previously used wanted to charge me $50!! CASH!! to hem two pairs of pants with a two day turnaround. S K did a great job for less than half that. I dropped off my pants at noon Monday and picked them up at 5pm Wednesday.  I'm pretty short and love ill-fitting bargain clothes from Last Chance so I'll definitely be using them again.
2 First, the facts: 1.  I've been doing my dry-cleaning with them for years.  Always liked the product. . .but 2.  Always on time.  Never rude.  But, there were red flags.  I always thought it was odd, during the summer months, there was no air conditioning in the store.  They still use a dot-matrix printer to print receipts on.  The "paid" stamp was always out of red-ink.  The check-in computer monitor is an old PC running a DOS-based program.  The backdoor is always open (summer, winter, etc.)  The red flag:  They're cheap.  They don't spend any money on THEIR end of the product.  They sure don't spend it on make the customer comfortable. . .old technology.  Doesn't cost THAT much to replace. . .laser printer?  new "paid" stamp? Flat-screen COLOR monitor. . .  I was still okay with the product.  Until. . .  One day, a few weeks ago, a colleague walked by me and said, "Who farted?  Smells like poop in here."  I said, "Not me. . ." (I hadn't). . .but I, too, had smelled that same odor off/on for the past year or so.  Couldn't figure it out.  Did I step in poop?  I showered. . .where could it be from.  And, then, it hit me.  My dry-cleaning!  They haven't been changing cleaning fluid!  My shirts would often come back with spots...sure they were pressed...but didn't "smell" clean.  They did NOT smell like poop.  But they weren't fresh, either.  I re-washed ALL my own clothes.  EVERYTHING 3 times.  Yes...3 times.  Today, while wearing the very last pair of pants I had cleaned at SK Cleaners. . .yep, there it was.  Smell of poo.  I think all along my shirts, pants, clothes, suits have being cleaned with little if any CLEAN dry-cleaning chemicals. . .and probably with watered-down starch.   After 4 years. . .I'm done.  Not going back.  I was SO stupid.  The red flags were there.  They scrimped, saved, and didn't spend any money on themselves or their business. . .why would they spend money to change the dry-cleaning chemicals when they could get...just ONE MORE cycle out of them.  Beware.  I was fooled for years.  Now the problem:  I have to find another cleaner.  And, not smell like poo.  Oh. . .and one more thing:  I took in one shirt (or two)...the price was less than what their credit-card company would accept without passing on that fee to them.  She asked for cash...after 4 years every time I walk in...it's like they've never seen me before.  They're nice.  They're polite.  The hours are good.  The price was okay.  But. . .
4 After a long battle of trying to get my current dry cleaners to have my laundry completed properly.  I found this place and went in to ask questions.  They are very friendly and a mom and pop shop.  The dry cleaning price was more expensive.  The laundry price was comparable to what I was currently paying so I decided I give them a try with just that.  I have been bringing them my laundry for about 6 months now.  They have been doing a good job, and I haven't had any concerns.  The owner mentioned to me the other day she would be able to match my current dry cleaners price.  So, I just may have to move that over also.
