5 We are so glad we found Crosswinds when we did.  A good vet is so hard to find.  You know you hit the jackpot when they treat you and your pet equally well.  We've been going to Crosswinds for about 5 years now, and the staff and doctors there have always been super.   Their fees are so reasonable, and it's so easy to see that they really care about their patients and their families.  We've been there with our dogs and cats for everything ranging from basic vaccinations to the horrible time when you finally have to say goodbye to your furry pal, and they've been fantastic through it all.  We just learned that Crosswinds is one of very few vets who are still independently owned, and not part of a corporation.  By bringing your pets here, not only are you putting yourself in great hands, but you're also keeping the dollars you spend in the neighborhood--not sending that money to some managing body somewhere else.  And to me, that combination of great service and local ownership is tough to beat.
5 Amazing!! Dr Roach is A+++++. Got on the ground and totally interacted with my boy, never felt rushed. She was over the top informative!! Prices are honest and extremely fair~~ Didnt ever try to sell, just informed. Small town Dr mentality, I  mean that whole heartily  genuine and nice!! The way a Dr should be! She is definitely doing what she LOVES and it shows.
5 A great clinic! I've always had great experiences with the staff here. Friendly, professional and well priced services. Definitely check them out!
5 Words cannot describe how happy I am that I found Dr. Roach (and Dr. Vergusson) for the care of my kitties.  They handled the treatment and eventual loss of my precious Pumpkin to chronic renal failure with kindness, care, respect and dignity from beginning to end.  This included weekend phone calls from home, and  literally hours of conversation and discussion educating me and providing all possible treatment options.  When the day came when we decided it was best for Pumpkin to let her go, it was done in the most dignified and respectful manner.  I was given all the time I needed to say goodbye, and Pumpkin passed on while wrapped in her favorite blanket in my arms. There was no last-minute poking and prodding, and, I was comforted afterwards with kind words and a sincere, teary-eyed hug from Dr. Roach. I never once felt that I was encouraged to run unnecessary tests or treatments to pad my bill, and felt that my desires and concerns were taken with the utmost respect, and treatment was all about the quality of life for my cat, not how much money could be made from me.  We had come to Crosswinds after seeing another vet three times who did not seem to have the same respect for us or Pumpkin. I can't say enough good things about the staff at Crosswinds, and my 3 other kitties will be lifelong patients there.
5 Loved that they did not try to gouge me! They took care of our cat, will be watching him if and when we every head out of town. Liked them so much I took a pic with the doc that is the storefront photo.
5 Our dog has major allergy problems and we had no clue how to help him so we switched clinics (our last doctor wouldn't even address the issue). The minute the tech started explaining allergies and solutions... we loved it. Then we met Dr. Roche..... Even Better!!!! This is the place for us. Never changing.
5 I have been coming to see Dr Roach for 23 years and would never entertain taking my pet(s) to anyone else! In the 23 years I have known Dr Roach, she has always been consistent with her veterinary care, her personal care and her staff is the tops! My animals (over the years, 4 dogs and a cat) have always been better for having Dr Roach there for every "well" visit or for any kind of health issue. I always feel that she also helps me through each visit making it easier to wrangle through getting my pet there, through the visit and home again. She never leaves any question unanswered and reaches beyond the norm to get the answer when there is a problem. Dr Roach is as good as it gets as a person and as a professional. Don't be upset if she's a little behind on her schedule - she will give you ALL the time you need during yours. Any DVM's reading this? Use Dr Roach as your model for success!
