4 Barro's pizza is really good. Once a month we take the kids there and let them run around in the game room, so we can have a nice conversation.  It's great.  Kids have fun, stay out of our hair and we don't have to pick up toys afterwards.
3 I go to lunch here once a week, the pizza isn't going to blow your mind, it's just good.  One strange thing about their pizza is that right of the oven its not very good, and it's a bad 'morning after' slice. After sitting 15 minutes it's at it's best.
4 YUM! We ate at Barro's tonight. The pizza was good, staff was great and the restaurant was empty.  The only reason it didn't get 5 stars was because it was so dang cold in there.
4 Since I'm now a gluten free eater my choices for food at restaurants is now limited. I thought I would never get to enjoy pizza again until, I found  that Barro's has a gluten free pizza.  I've eaten quite a few items that are gluten free and were horrible but not their pizza.  You can put whatever toppings you want on it and I have to say the pizza is pretty tasty considering the other options are out there.    Hubby and I have started visiting this location on a regular basis.  The last visit I ordered a pizza and their salad, I forgot to tell them no croutons on the salad, so if you are on a gluten free diet remind them or you will be either picking it all off or ordering a new salad.    Their pizza is pretty inexpensive considering the steps you have to take to make it gluten free.  The staff is always very friendly and we always enjoy sitting and watching whatever sports they have on their tv's.
5 Pepperoni, Sausage and Black Olive rocks!!!! these folks can go head to head against any other pizza in town. Their regular crust is the bomb and this combination is my favorite. The wife loves the ham and pineapple but she eats one of her slices hen shares the rest of my fave. This place is great for celebrations with plenty of seating, has a an outdoor patio and has a good beer selection and wine list is typical small assortment. He service has always been great and the ingredients fresh. I would like to try the pan style pizza one day with the whole kitchen sink in it!
5 Best wings around and the pizza is awesome
4 I come here about once a week for lunch.  The pizza is always amazing, and they have a great lunch deal.  The reason for 4 stars? The staff is rude and impersonal.
4 Lately I've been on the Mary-Kate & Ashley diet... but every so often, a man needs to gorge himself on carbs. When I decide to eat with reckless abandon, Barro's Pizza is usually my very first choice on the list. Their hot wings are the best I've had on this side of the Mississippi, and the pizza is everything a thick crusted vehicle for sauce, melted cheese, and crispy pepperoni should be.  To top it off, this particular location is fairly vast in size, has all sorts of flat screens showing all sorts of sports, and the friendliest, most attentive staff I've ever encountered at a casual pizza place. Finally- an XL 1 topping pizza 24 hot wings, and 3 drinks rings up somewhere under $32. Yes. Yes. Yes. :D
5 Hands down the very best gluten-free pizza I have ever had!!!!!  The very sweet and adorable young man who took our order was amazing! He was completely aware of their gluten free menu items and told me that the owner's son has a gluten allergy so they are extremely careful about possible cross contamination. I ordered the mega meat pizza with gluten-free crust and subbed out mushrooms for the gluten containing meatballs. The pizza was fantastic! My two non-gluten challenged dining partners gobbled up the GF pizza and loved it! They both said they would order it again.  The service is amazing! The prices are very reasonable! Barro's is made of win!
5 Barro's pizza will always be my favorite pizza for the great price it is. Highly recommend whether eating in or taking out. Try Barro's at least once.
5 Cant beat it for a $5 lunch.  Great pizza, very fast service, clean establishment.
1 In one word, this place is horrible. We ordered breadsticks with pizza sauce and a large cheeses pizza to go. True to what other posters said, the staff is rude. They acted las though I was interrupting their evening by ordering dinner. When we got he food home, the pizza looked pretty good. The breadsticks were dry and crunchy and the pizza sauce they served with them was ice cold. The pizza was gross. The cheese was super salty and was thick and chewy, even though it was still hot. Even worse. As I was eating my slice I noticed a hair in the slice! The hair was definitely not mine. We threw our food away and went and got dinner somewhere else. We will never eat here again.
2 A good place for kids. There is a play area. The pizza was not very bland/generic. If you want good pizza this is not the place.
1 Pizza not good at this location.  I love barros but this one is not up to the barros standard.  Slices were not good, 12 noon and no fresh slices out?  The two slices the girl put in my plate were scraggly and did not taste good.
1 My experience at Barro's pizza this evening was way below expectations.  I called for take out pizza, Barro's took the order and said to be there in 20 minutes to pick it up.  Great, or so i thought.  I got to Barro's and I'll admit, it was busy.  I paid for my pizza and sides order and she went to check to see if it was done.  She never came back...  I asked another person behind the counter and they didn't know.  Another guy who had come in with me to get another pizza because they messed up his order, has his in 10 minutes of walking in the door.  Finally, the first girl came back and I asked her again if my pizza was done.  After asking again who I was and what my order was, she went to check.  She came back and said it would be 20 minutes ( It had now been 35 minutes since I had called).  She said the kitchen was backed up and was sorry it was taking so long).  I waited another 20 minutes and went to ask if my pizza was ready.  Again, she had to ask who I was and what I ordered.  After going through it again, she went back to check.  She came back and asked again what I had ordered bacause she couldn't find the order in the back.  Turns out they had brought out the order 10 miuntes earlier and no one had the awareness to call my name to let me know it was done.  I left very piqued at Barro's at that point with my order.  I can't tell you if this is one off or not, all I can say is I was very disappointed in Barro'sand their customer service.  No refund or compensation was offered for their mistakes and no manager was aware of what was going on.  Very disturbing when you are running a word of mouth business.
3 I love their pizza, however I am now forced to be Gluten Free. I was delighted to find they have a GF pizza. It was a nice treat. The crust is more like a thick cracker but, without any other options for pizza it will do to curb the craving. The toppings and sauce were yummy as always.
2 Been here an hour, still haven't seen our food that they said would be ready in 20 minutes. The high chairs are dirty and greasy. We have complained twice and no one has offered compensation, or bread or anything to hold over the six hungry kids in our party.
1 Even though the food was good. The staff was rude as hell. Don't think ill come to this location again.
4 Oh how I'd love to give this a five because I love this place! We went in twice in a week and both times my boyfriend raved it was the best pizza he had ever had. He loved the wings also. I will always go back to Barros, but most recently when I was here my pizza came out not very hot. I ordered a gluten free one and I think they finished mine about 10 minutes before my boyfriend's. Still good, but his looked incredible.
1 I went to the Williams field location to eat, but they were slammed. I called this baseline location to see how long of a wait it would be if I orders 3 large pizzas and they said 20-25 minutes.  When I got there there was no line and only had 2 families in their lobby.   To make this short... We waited 1hr 10 minutes for our food. They prioritized the take out orders, rather than the eating in patrons. There was no apology and more of a... Can't you see we're busy attitude... Every time I inquired about our order being ready.   Don't make promises that are an hour off.   Williams field location are always great.
5 I almost didn't order pizza from Barros because of the reviews I read on here. I have always liked the pizza I have gotten from other locations so I decided to give them a go. When I called to place my order the gentleman who took my information was very friendly and polite. He told me the specials and I went with the two one topping pizzas for $17.99. I decided to pick up because we live close to the restaurant. Our pizzas were ready in 20 minutes, just like I was told. The girl who helped me at the counter was pleasant and she took care of me quickly. I ordered a large pepperoni and a large mushroom pizza. The pizza was nice and hot. The crust was crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside. There was lots of yummy melted cheese and entry of our chosen toppings. I have a household of two teen aged boys and a husband was a pretty good appetite and two pizzas was plenty for everyone. I think Barros makes a great pizza and is a great value too. We will definitely be back.
5 Outstanding! Omg why is Barro's so f'ing good?!!???  So fattening but i love it! My one cheat day a week, Barro's is the place for me. I've never had anything i didn't like. And the customer service is outstanding as well.
3 I was excited to try Barro's pizza today for lunch. I had never been and when we walked in we waited to be seated. Even though we were the only people in the restaurant we were not greeted or helped for about 5 minutes until I walked to the counter and was very rudely told that I need to order up at the counter. Their pizza is good, but try being more friendly to first timers. Especially when there is no sign indicating what to do.
5 Barro's is our go to date night place when we go out with other couples.  Great Pizza no matter what you choose, and the "Honey Hot Bone-In" chicken wings are lights out good.  Not to mention they have a glassed of area with toys and children size tables and chairs for families.  Service is consistently good and we always have a good time.
1 Called in an order to have a pizza delivered.  An hour and a half later, called back to see why no pizza yet.  Got a ridiculous story from the store manager about how the delivery boy knocked on the door till his knuckles turned red and called and we wouldn't answer.  Checked our calls, and the guy didn't leave a message.  Not only is the customer not always right, he is to be treated disrespectfully by this location of Barro's Pizza.  We say forget the order as we don't want a cold pizza that has been on a road trip for more than the last hour.  Phone call ends.  2 minutes later, pizza boy shows up.  Doesn't ring the bell, but instead gives the door a couple of little marshmallow love taps.  No wonder we didn't hear him the first time!  I tell him to get lost and learn to use a doorbell and voicemail.  What kind of place hires primitives that don't know what a doorbell is for?  What kind of delivery guy can't figure out how an answering machine or voicemail works?  What kind of manager insults customers rather than owning the incompetence of his employees and working for customer satisfaction?  A business that we will never waste our time with again!
