2 They helped me but not really. I was asking about my a/c unit and they kinda were confused or something. Or maybe I was either way i did not get the right answers or products.
3 It's an auto parts store.  Duh.  This particular location is fairly small, but they seem to have many of the basics.  Anything you need for oil changes, radiators, etc.  Plus some extras like license plate frames and covers, headlight lens cleaners, etc.  The few times I've been here the staff has been pleasant and helpful.  No complaints.
4 The guy got me exactly what I needed and had me on my way.
1 Was very unhappy after just going yesterday. My husband dropped off our battery to see if it needed recharged and we said we would be back in a couple hours. "we are trying to see if we had a bad battery or alternator" ..... so I come back to get battery the guy goes what kind of battery you have... i say I dont know my husband brought it in. I asked do you guys put a name on them, he goes usually then brings me a battery thinking it's mine.... i then asked how do you know if its mine .. he goes it must be ... I then called my husband and he said we had a walmart battery... this one was but just the attitude and not caring wether they gave me the right battery or not made me never want to go there again... even the manager on duty did not seem to care .. like well here is a battery and its good so be on .. like I was annoying him .... long story short always loved auto zone .......but not this one .....
5 I have purchased from this location several times and have always got great service.  This past Sunday, they were spot on in their price for the fan clutch and new radiator I purchased and really helped with the tools I borrowed.  I have seen the employees out in the parking lot performing free diagnostic checks on multiple occasions and even performing repairs.
3 I received GREAT customer service over the phone, but that's where it stopped.    I came in to get my $5 part, and was informed over the phone they could install for me, seeing as I am car illiterate.   They started to help, and then just seemed to vanish back into the store.   45 min later I was good to go.  I left with a 50/50 shot that I will ever use this location again.    Sucks because it is so close to home, but... I might drive an extra 3-5 miles to another location and hope for better results.
