3 Nothing spectacular, at least for dinner. From what I hear the QC Cafe has great breakfast, but my wife and I went for dinner and were fairly unimpressed. It's basically like eating at Denny's with a little bit of small-town charm... the people are nice enough, but unfortunately you are still eating at Denny's. The food is generally inoffensive and reasonably priced, but nothing worth making the drive out to Queen Creek for.   If I didn't already live out this way I wouldn't bother, but since I do live out this way it's one of the few non-chain restaurants available. I may try them again for breakfast, but for dinner at least the QC Cafe is a solid 3 stars. The prices are reasonable and the service is generally small-town friendly, but the food is decidedly average.
3 Good food, and great people make this place worth a stop by, if you are in the area.  Nothing fancy, just a good place to grab a bite.
4 Got right in, and this place is not what I thought it was at all.  We thought it was just mainly a bar, but its more like an old Dennys or something.  Very cool stuff on the wall, got the Queen Creek Cowboy feel for sure.  The food is great, and the service is pretty good.  They serve breakfast all day, so you can't go wrong with that.  I will be going back to try more for sure.
3 We mainly go for the sports bar next door, attached to the restaurant. The beer is cheap and on the weekends they show English Premiere League Soccer. One of the few places left with the PGA Tour golf game! Service is friendly, bathrooms surprisingly clean! Bonus!
3 I guess what's old is new again.  The former Lilly's (former Queen Creek Cafe before that) is now back to the Queen Creek Cafe.  New Ownership moved in about five weeks ago.  Many of the menu items are the same.  They are a bit less focused on the  stylized comfort food that the previous owners liked (I admit I liked some of it too).  They still have the fish on Friday - all you care to eat and it it is still good.  I am not a huge fried fish fan because most is too greasy for me - but this is light, tender and excellent!  I highly recommend it.  The new owners seem very interested in making sure your have a great experience.  Although I liked the old owners - I think the change will be a good one.  If you have not been to the QC Cafe for a while (or if you have never been there) - I recommend a visit - perhaps on a Friday for the fish!
1 Everyone should eat here if they want to get really bad Food Poisoning and almost die!!!!
2 Down two stars this time.   Here's why:   First, my son spilt some drink and the waitress came to mop it up and was slinging the dirty mop all over my foot and leg.  Very gross.  Second, Food:  The food is just not as good as it was with the previous owners.  The menu is not as good either.  Really don't want to waste a whole lot of time detailing it out, but I just wanted to add I will probably never be back.
2 sorry qc cafe if i could do a 1/2 star more i would you are delightful people but the breakfast i ordered ,waffle w/bacon and 2 eggs was not bad but for as quick as it came out of the kitchen it was not hot at all not cold to speak of just not hot my wife had a burrito when i asked her how it was she was not overly excited and the hash browns she got were not hot either
4 Love the homey atmosphere and they have good home cooked food
4 Wednesday karoke is a good time!
1 Disappointing food and atmosphere.  Everything we ordered was ill-prepared and tasted cheap.  Fried appetizers were soggy and tasteless, prices were high, service was slow.  Fast food would be a huge upgrade over what this place serves.
2 Typical greasy spoon. Dive looking, average cooking and friendly staff.
3 Great place for breakfast, but the lunch/dinner food is disappointing. Pancakes are fantastic, bacon cooked the way you like it if you ask, and great hashbrowns. Definitely kind of divey, but thats the way I like it. Wayyyyyyy better than Dennys for breakfast thats for sure.
3 Breakfast was very good. We had eggs, bacon, pancakes, hash browns, and also tried the biscuits and gravy. Hash browns tasted fresh, not the nasty freeze dried stuff from Denny's. The restaurant is not fancy but was clean. Service was excellent.
2 To be fair if possible I would give it 2 and1/2 stars if possible. I don'.t dislike it.I just don't like it enough to pick it over other options. It could just be so much better! What Lunch as far as sandwiches and fries are good and typical of most diners. Dinner is not good at all. I can't tell anyone to eat dinner here. I had fish dinner. Mine was meh at best. Fish was okay. Did not like tartar sauce. My husband was excited to get his fried chicken dinner but it was not good. I tasted it. The chicken did not seem to be seasoned much. Very bland and not a good texture at all. The mashed potatoes were real but the gravy was breakfast white gravy from a package.Or that is what it seemed to be. His green beans were not seasoned at all. Not happy with our dinners. We thought we might be better with dessert. I have in the past had good cake here. A lemon cake I had once was good. We on this night ordered coconut pie. It was like eating packed toasted coconut. I kept trying to find the filling and thought it had to have been an ooops. I told the server about it but she just said she was sorry we did not like it and cleared it. We were still charged. Took 2 bites. One for my husband and myself. Maybe things will get better. I am not sure when I will go back to find out unless a friend picks the place.Work on the menu and your pies. This place has the potential to be such a cute little find if worked on.
2 I don't usually like to write negatively about any business, especially local businesses...but I just had to in this case. We've lived in Queen Creek for about a year and a half and been to this cafe several times, as well as to the adjoining bar. This place need an overhaul from top to bottom. It always seems dirty and has an extremely outdated western feel to it. The staff, although friendly enough, was very unprofessional (not bringing us a high-chair [which I ended up having to get myself], laughing and joking loudly in the dining area, yelling back and fourth with the kitchen staff from the dining area...).  The food can be summarized in one word: disappointment. I've had several different sandwiches and they were bland and VERY greasy. Appetizers were the same, under-seasoned and dripping with grease. I love a good fish fry and I must admit I've had theirs more than once. It's decent most times but very hit-and-miss. Tarter sauce is not very good however.   To be fair, they do make a good burger most times. Good size patties and a good seasoning used in them. The only negative issue with the burgers are their "Bacon Burgers" which they make that have the bacon mixed into the burger itself. The concept is WONDERFUL,,,sounds terrific in theory. The issue however is that the bacon meat and the beef don't have the same cooking times and the bacon on the inside of the patty remains pretty much raw. I ordered it one time and one time only. It's the ONLY Bacon Cheeseburger I have ever not finished. Again...disappointing.   The bar is ok...it's a typical dive bar. Not bad for a drink or two from time to time or if you want to watch a game.  I wanted to love this neighborhood hole-in-the- wall soooo badly when I moved to Queen Creek...I just can't.
2 We arrived ready to enjoy lunch and support a small business in our community, we left disappointed and disgusted. My wife ordered a $10 hamburger which she said was ho-hum at best, I ordered a Philly cheesesteak which arrived at the table with the meat looking overcooked and the bun being hard as a rock &  shrunken like it'd been under a heat lamp for hours. The waitress was friendly but she couldn't make up for the awful cook. We felt like at least one plate should have been comped, but they only offered to replace it with the same awful dishes. Needless to say we will not be back.
2 Took my mom, for a nice Sunday morning meal. The place was dirty, and the wait staff was not very attentive to our needs. There was a group of people in booth behind my mom, and the way they where speaking was just sad. F bombs every other word, and one of the woman in the girl was going  into detail about her sexual experiences. If this is the type of clientele they want to attract because the waitress was right there talking with them while ignoring us. Then they can keep them and we will find a better place. The only saving grace so to speak was the food was decent, but not good enough to over come all the negatives.
2 I live down the road and have tried this place a few times. I generally don't like to write up bad reviews about any business. However, this place has gone down hill fast.   My In-La6sw visit every winter. Yeah, snow birds from up north. We like to find inexpensive places to eat. We occasionally visit Queen Creek Cafe and each time we come here it annoys me even more. The place needs to be redone. I can understand wanting to keep the old town feeling but this is 2013 and given the caliber of other dine in places they need a wake up call.  The menu has does not change. Except for maybe a few special items that come and go with the seasons.   The food is OK but a bit over priced. You pay $10 dollars for a hamburger that is average at best.   I will stay away from this place for a while. Hopefully they will wake up and make some major changes.
3 My group met here for a motorcycle ride. I'm rating breakfast only. It was decent. I had your basic combo of two eggs over medium hash browns, bacon and wheat toast w/coffee. My eggs were cooked perfectly. My bacon was just right. I don't know what it is about cooking hash browns but they cook one side so you eat the crunchy stuff and leave the rest. The coffee was hot and always full. The service was fast and friendly. Don't expect squeaky clean but not hazardous to your health.
4 My pops and I stopped into QC Cafe this morning for a small town style breakfast. The fact that these kind of places can be hit or miss and seeing the not-so-great reviews on Yelp I wasn't expecting much. Once our food came out I knew I was wrong. It looked delicious and tasted just the same. I had Eggs, ham, and hash browns with a side of biscuits and gravy. The eggs were perfectly greasy, probably cooked right next to the ham with its juices helping to add flavor. The biscuit and gravy was good and the hash browns were so-so (but lets face it when do you have great hash browns? They're always just so-so) My dads breakfast burrito looked good and he exclaimed just as much, The tortilla was big and fresh and it came with a side of salsa.  If you want a no-frills good and cheap breakfast, this is definitely your spot.
5 Good service, great food, large plates. Good price!! First time in the area and found this little book and love it! We had the chocolate chip pancakes with eggs and toast, and southwestern omelette with chorizo instead if chicken!! It's amazing, will come back!
4 I stopped in here for lunch today with my boyfriend. I haven't been here for several years because I moved away but now that I am closer I will be sure to stop by more frequently.   We ordered deep-fried zucchini for an appetizer which came out before our entrées. Our waitress wasn't satisfied with how they looked so she gave them to us for free. To me they looked fine and tasted pretty good. Either way, that's just damn good service.  My boyfriend had a half pound bacon cheeseburger which he said was really good. It was two beef patties on a toasted bun, super awesome crispy bacon and fresh veggies such as tomatoes, onions, lettuce and pickles. It comes with a side and he chose potato salad. He was not disappointed.   I had a club sandwich that came with a side as well & I chose the potato salad.  The club sandwich was really good and the potato salad was excellent. Their bacon has the perfect amount of crispness  (not soft & flimsy at all) that makes you want more! I am a bacon snob & they know how to do bacon.   We were the only customers in there but we were having a late lunch. The person who sat us at a table was also our waitress and she was very kind and attentive.  The decor is a western theme which is somewhat outdated however the restaurant is super clean and the bathrooms were clean as well.  We will definitely be back and will probably visit the sports bar/lounge that's right next-door and affiliated with this restaurant. On the receipt it said they have a hamburger and beer for six dollars. You can't beat that deal!
1 Food sucked and the service was very bad. Couldn't even get a refill on my coffee. Will not be coming back here!!!!!
