4 Lovely big store, lots to choose from, quality merchandise .  Was looking for USA- made furniture and found it there (most stores only carry Chinese, Vietnamese, etc.  stuff..& it's junk). Salesperson was professional, knowledgable and eager to help me find what I wanted.  Only drawback: they're in Gilbert, and I live in N. Scottsdale...but really, it was worth the trip. Now, if the leather chair stands the test of time and there are no subsequent customer service issues, I'll have to give Norwood five stars :)
2 I'm so disappointed.  We placed an order in the first week of January 2014 for a leather sectional and here we are today finding out that it might be ready in the first week of June.  Seriously.  For some reason, they think I should be so excited, rather than fed up with the whole deal.  I was told 12 weeks or sooner was the typical length of time to wait and thought ok, I get it.  After 8 weeks, we get a call the leather was no longer on back order...what? The manufacture never told anyone the leather was on back order as soon as they got the work order.  That was the first time we knew of this issue. I shopped all over for the right furniture, so I clearly was not going to pull the plug and start all over again.  I've been told so many stories since then I felt the need to share this.  Ask your sales person to check on back orders of leather and don't make promises they cannot keep. Maybe I'll have our furniture by July.
4 Totally unexpected find in Gilbert. After driving passed this place for 5 years and not giving it a 2nd thought, I finally drove around to the entrance on the back side of the building. The show room was something else and the staff couldn't be more relaxed and knowledgeable about their extensive collection of furniture. No high pressure sales people - just folks find the right furniture to meet your needs - seemed more interested in building a long term customer than getting a quick sale.
5 We've had the chair for nearly 9 months now.  My husband loves it, it looks great,and when he's not around, I'm sitting in it!  Excellent job Norwood!
