3 Love coming here in the mornings cause its always quiet...perfect time to shop.
2 Use to love shopping at this location. With new Mgmt & new employees this place has gone down hill. Employees got bad attitudes & not helpful at all. Mgmt doesn't listen & employees take no pride in their work.
2 This place is right next to my gym and so I'll stop by and check it out. I've asked myself why I keep coming back and the only conclusion I can come up with is that I'm a woman and I can shop the hell out of any place.   I'm going to start with the parking lot. There's like 3 rows of handicapped parking spots and each row has at least 5 designated handicapped spaces. So we're talking 15 parking spaces dedicated to handicapped parking. THEN they have an additional 4 spots reserved for associates. I do not understand the logic behind giving employees the choice spots. They are going to be there for 8 hours, I'm going to be there for 15 minutes... well 30 once you take into account all the walking I have to do in the parking lot.   Once I'm finally in I head straight for the shoes. The shoe department is hit or miss. After shoes I round the corner to housewares and browse through the sale items and the I finish in the unmentionables department which is ALWAYS way over priced.   If I do buy anything, guaranteed the line will be long and there will be a lot of eye rolling going on. The staff is meh. The store could benefit from being more organized.
2 Here's my gripe... they send you all these coupons for drastic savings and make you think you are really getting a good deal. That's their business strategy.  OK, lets talk men's briefs. I received a 30% off mailer that I planned to buy a four pack of men's briefs with till I saw the regular price marked at $34. That's $23.80... still more than I thought four men's briefs were worth. I then went to Walmart, got the same brand in a five pack for $13.50.   I'm not saying there are not some good deals at Kohls but be careful. It looks like they are making up the for the good deals on other merchandise.
1 Took the kids school shopping the other day. Store was cluttered with stuff and not stroller friendly. Waited in the checkout line almost 25 minutes.  Cashiers were allowing people to cut in line . People at registers and on the floor are very unfriendly.  School close shopping in August was worse than shopping at Christmas time. Many customers were complaining store needs to come to some resolution high-volume shopping days or will end up losing customers.
3 The thing about Kohl's is that you HAVE to shop the sales and use coupons.  If you don't, you're not going to get a good price.  That being said, I always take advantage of these things and end up getting toys, books, and decor for very reasonable prices.  The selection of toys seems to change pretty regularly which leads me to believe that they turn their inventory quickly and that you're always getting the latest and greatest.  Great selection of kitchen tools, bathroom decor, and frames, but again, shop the sales on these items!  I haven't shopped for adult clothing in a while, so I can't comment on that, but I've noticed that the children's clothing - even on sale - is a bit more expensive than what you can get it for elsewhere.  You've gotta wait until it goes on clearance or use a coupon that you can stack on top of the sales prices to get a deal.
5 Awesome store and friendly people.  Sales are amazing and friendly returns. Love love this store!
1 As with many of the retail business in this country, the bottom line that matters is corporate earnings at the end of each quarter. Unfortunately, as a consumer, we suffer because Khol's hires uneducated, unskilled workers and managers. I was at the receiving end of cashier who was argumentative and rude. She was incapable of understanding how her actions represent Kohl's as a company. This store had a in the past had very friendly and receptive employees. There has been a definite decline in recent customer service. A change in policy where this store will no longer accept expired Khol's cash is acceptable. The attitude of the Mr. Aria's, who "decides"  to whom receives the discount appears to have a "superiority" complex. "Give HER the discount THIS time." When I asked the cashier not to roll up the clothes after I folded them, she began to say in an offensive manner "I am folding them!" this cashier was confrontational, argumentative and rude. Sarcastically, she says "Have a nice day" then, her lead, or as he called himself manager, says to her "Don't worry about it." then he yelled at me, yes yell out "have a nice day!" I walk back and said "Your the Manager and you allow this?" Mr. Arias would not respond. I had to ask him three times before he would tell me his name. "Then he called on his radio for Steve, probably the real manger, I guess he thought I would perceive that as his threat and I should leave because he called Steve. I have no problem leaving Kohl's and never coming back. I have had my MVP card renewed thirty times. But that does not matter, what does matter that if one person decides not patronize a store it may not hurt, but how many other customers are being driven away by the incompetence and rudeness of this stores employees actions?
