3 Good Job --But  I tried  AZ Auto Repairs just recently and found them to be very honest and reliable and had my car service for replacement of brake pads, and rotor's. The reason I can say they are honest is I keep a complete history of my car in detail of all repairs done to it, and the recommenced repair down the road. So before I enter the door I knew exactly was was needed to be done. I also found Randy the owner and the girl at the front desk to polite and friendly.   Here's the part that could of been better for Queen Creek people to know. The hourly rate for the job is very high around $ 88.00 p/hr even the high end  dealer don't charge $88.00, and the part are full retail price and then some.  So overall the business did the job, but at a higher rate. So if you budget person I would recommend not  using them there are other places which offer a average $ 60.00 p/hr labor and better part rates.   For being a AAA recommended place they need to work harder to earn the business at a fair market rate.
4 I had Randy and his crews replace my two rear shocks.  Good job.  I called around at other places and Az Auto was about $20 cheaper.  They are very professional and on time.  I plan on taking my wife's truck in for repairs.
5 i recently took my car in after the recommendation of one of there mechanics James stated the shop was  honest and reliable.HE was right! After shopping around the dealership and one other place wanted three times what QC charged ..i couldnt believe it!  Thank you and i will definitely be a customer for me and mine for life ... Thanks again!keep up the good work. SC San Tan Valley
1 Terrible! I have taken my car in twice in the last couple weeks to get my a/c repaired. Lets just say I'm still sweating and I'm down $600.00. I called Randy today a day after the a/c was supposedly repaired and he said he would look at it for another $40,00, He will not receive another dime from our hard working family!
5 Went to DMV (MVD in Ariz) to register my wife's truck, she had to have a smog check.  Took the truck in and it said the catalytic converter was shot.  Called up Randy and he said he would run a test to make sure.  It was, and we had Randy and his crew fix it.  They did a great job; professional at all times and in the time he said it would be done.  Randy is honest and trustworthy.
