3 A fast casual Chinese concept that seems a little less chain-ish than Pei Wei... My friend Allyson B introduced me to this place.  I love that it's around the corner from the dog park - it's perfect because I can take Minnie to the dog park to play and call my order in as I'm leaving and it's usually ready when i arrive.  I've been a handful of times and always done take-out.  It's really not the type of place you want to stay and hang out.  There is no atmosphere and it's located in a strip-mall.  Since the tag line is "A Healthy Food Bistro," I feel like it's healthier for me than other Chinese in the valley... but I think that's just in my head!  Still, I tell them 'light oil' whenever I order.  I feel less guilty that way!  Unfortunately, I'm not a big fan of the protein options.  First time around, I ordered shrimp with veggies - the shrimp did not taste fresh so I picked around it and ate the veggies and brown rice.  I went with chicken the next few times, and when I saw that they have eggplant (my fave) on the menu, I started requesting a combo of eggplant, mixed veggies, and chicken. Still, the chicken tastes almost processed - Once again, I eat the veggies and rice.  Maybe the key is to order beef or tofu... I'll keep trying until I get it right, or maybe I'll just have to find an alternative.    Either way, China Lite gets 3 stars from me.  If you go, get the eggplant - that's the only item I can really recommend!
3 Chinese food is generally speaking horrible for you, but this place bucks the trend. They use healthy fresh ingredients, and don't drown the meals in sauce. I've had the whole menu and can say I've liked everything. Great prices too.
4 I'm a fan of China Lite. It's take out focused (though has eat in option) and is healthy/semi-healthy Chinese fast food.  Our office is about 100 yards away so we go there often. Pretty much our quick & cheap go to lunch spot. Good food, reasonable, quick and they have a number of healthy options.  Feels at least partly authentic though they do also have several "American Chinese" selections (which I can also enjoy). I'm a big fan of the Szechuan green bean with chicken but sometimes need a good Sargent Chang's chicken or a honey crispy chicken.  My pops is from Canton, China so Chinese food is something we've grown up with. While it is take out/fast food focused, definitely a viable option.
4 Delicious! I went here today with my friend because we were looking for something light for lunch. We decided to try China Lite because she heard that they offer quite a few healthy choices on the menu. Not only was the service friendly and prompt, the food was yummy! I will definitely be going back, today I had the Mongolian chicken, but that is just because I didn't see the spicy eggplant dish. My friend had the Thai chicken and said she enjoyed it very much.
3 I was craving for some pad thai and didn't want to drive too far. I decided to order from China Lite as a coworker had mentioned it was pretty good here. Wow, never again. It wasn't very tasty! The flavor was really off and while it looked a lot like pad thai, it certainly did not taste like any I've had before. I never had pad thai that came with brocolli and zuchini! I should've known not to order thai at a chinese place! If it were based on the pad thai alone, I would've given this place 1 star! But I've been here several times before and usually get the szechuan green beans and really enjoy it so they get some redemption points for that. I haven't tried anything else and at this point, probably wont. I will stick to the green beans when coming here!
1 Not a big fan... They nickel and dime you. I ordered the lettuce wraps and they do not serve enough lettuce with the order.  I asked for one additional piece of iceberg lettuce and they charged me $1.00!!!! I could have walked to Albertson's next door and bought an entire head of lettuce for 59 cents!!!
4 I really like the food here - it's well prepared with quality ingredients. Not much on atmosphere (unless you like dining on picnic benches under the glow of florescent lighting), so it's best to call ahead and take it home with you.
5 China Lite is the Best Chinese take out in the valley!  Best dishes are the fried rices, which are not very oily, but quite flavorful, and the Spicy Korean Soup. I usually get the soup with extra veggies and tofu, but its great with the meats as well.
5 Best Chinese food in my LIFE.   Is that going too far? I don't care, because I love this place! I grew up eating here, and now I come here every single time I visit Scottsdale - AND I recommend it to everyone I know who visits as well. I've probably eaten twice my weight in Szechuan Stringbeans over the years, and triple my weight in Szechuan Eggplant + Tofu.  Here's why I love it:  It's NOT OILY like most Chinese food places. It TASTES AMAZING (I highly recommend the Szechuan dishes). And they are willing to add or substitute items to your dish to FIT YOUR CRAVINGS. Beat that, Panda Suck-spress! And it's all MADE FRESH and FAST in a hot wok, right there in front of you!  Recommendations: Get the loose-leaf hot tea, it's delicious and served in a fun mug. Get an order of the Szechuan Stringbeans (with your choice of protein, I recommend tofu), and an order of Szechaun Eggplant (also with your choice of protein), and douse everything in some healthy scoops of chili sauce to hike up the spice factor. You'll notice that the Szecuan sauce varies from dish-to-dish. The stringbeans are very sweet and savory with a thin sauce, while the eggplant's sauce is much thicker and more savory. Totally different, but equally delicious.  Having moved to LA, China Lite is like the "one that got away" - I measure every other Chinese food restaurant I try up to them, and everyone else can't help but pale in comparison.
2 Good food, tiny portions, pricey for the amount you get.
4 Wonderful choice for lunch or dinner.  Menu boasts healthy cooking alternative to the usual greasy/unhealthy feeling you get after eating at a normal chinese restaurant.  THEY ARE RIGHT.  The food is delicious and fresh and I love almost everything that I've tried so far.  Not only convenient, the food is always ready in 5-10 minutes depending on how busy they are.  If you're in the mood for some delicious chinese, or even curry check this place out.  I would recommend it for take-out.
1 Absolutely NO reason to go back. Food is bland and the portions are small especially compared to the prices, and the place itself wasn't even that tidy. As another reviewer stated, they nickel and dime you for everything. No free refills on soft drinks.... REALLY?!?!? From the reviews, it looks like this place might have been good at one time but not any more. There's so many other decent Chinese restaurants to visit that this place must surely be on it's last leg. My advice is..... AVOID!!!!
4 I don't understand why people call the food bland. If you want flavor full chinese food go to PF Chang's, but expect the heavy doses of salt, butter, unsaturated fats and other stuff. For me they deliver exactly what they promise, good food, low calories and salt, with very little fat. Unlike a meal at PF Chang's you the food settles in your stomach without that heavy feeling.  I eat here often.
1 This place was recommended to me so I decided to try it out. BIG mistake. I tried their Jampong soup and it was the WORST Jampong and worst soup I have ever had. The noodles weren't fresh...infact they tasted like they had been frozen for 5yrs too long. Extremely mushy and not edible. The soup was bland and was not proper Jampong soup. I think they mixed a couple sauces together with water and called it Jampong. The seafood and beef were dismal and the shrimp that was in the soup wasn't cleaned properly. Please do us all a favor and take this so called Jampong soup off your menu.
2 Truly a weird place.  I don't think this place knows what type of asian restaurant it wants to be.  The menu is all over the place.  It could be chicken teriyaki place, or could be a thai place, or it could be straight on chinese.  I don't really know.  And so, it's sort of the weakness of this place.  I got the Lite chicken off their menu, which should be their specialty, but it was nothing to write home about.  It was cheap at least.
1 No flavor. None. I think they're trying for the no oil and very healthy thing, but it shouldn't lack so much flavor. I has to douse my Dan Dan noodles in sriracha. The whole environment of the restaurant was very old and dirty.  I don't plan on coming back to Arizona, but I def wouldn't recommend this place.
3 Good quick Chinese food place with healthy options. They do the basic meals as you would expect from a local Chinese restaurant. It doesn't have a nice interior, but it's good enough for a quick lunch or dinner. It's about as good as you can get for takeout Chinese food type places, and the healthy options are really convenient.
5 This place is the bomb.  I've lived in this area for 7+ years and if there's a place where you can get quick, inexpensive and HEALTHY food that's better than this, I haven't found it.  It's sorta like Pei Wei only much better food.  If you haven't been there since October, 2013 - check it out again.  They recently remodeled and it looks much more upscale than before.  I was getting the Korean soup but the fish is really tasty so I'm starting to order that now.
4 The food here is excellent and healthy. Some dishes don't have oil &  they don't use MSG. The Mongolian chicken is one of the tastier dishes as some can be a little bland probably due to the health conscience nature of the food. They recently updated the interior so it's a lot more inviting and they now have Pho soup! Great prices on lunch too!
5 Awesome, cheap, healthy, and fast Chinese food! Some of the most friendly staff and Best service of any restaurants around Scottsdale period!
4 I ordered the crispy tofu which comes with an assortment of veggies and is drenched in a brown garlic sauce, but I also added a little spice. It was good, and I'll definitely come back for it again. The service was friendly and speedy -- a nice little lunch find.
5 This is good stuff.  Tasty, healthy and very pleasant service from the woman that owns it.  Some of the best Chinese in the Valley.  It's definitely worth a try.
3 Tried this place for the first time. Ok menu would have been better with more options. Food was good with a lot of great flavor. Would dine there again but would get it as take out.
5 Healthier twist to authentic Asian food, and very delicious (and extremely great value). I will definitely be going here more often.   They newly renovated, and it looks great. I'm excited to see what they do with the exterior to draw in more traffic.   A must try!
5 Love this place! My favorite dish is their chicken fried rice! The owner here is super nice and the food here is delish!
5 This place has been updated and seems a bit smaller and make sure you call in an order ahead of time because they are BUSY during lunch.  For good reason though, this place is amazing.  Affordable and consistently good quality food makes this place choice for lunch or dinner.  If you like traditional americanized chinese dishes, orange chicken or beef and mongolian beef are a wonderful choice.  The fried rice is incredible.  However, if you are looking for something more exotic I cannot recommend enough that you try the curry laksa.  It is delicious.  I am so glad this place exists.
2 Went in today, excited by the items listed on a special board outside.  And the food I saw go out looked and smelled very appealing.  Waited for a few minutes, standing there awkwardly, finally was told to grab a seat.  After a few minutes the sole harried looking waitress asked if I needed a menu.  I said yes, and asked for water in response to her question as to what I'd like to drink.  Never got that water by the way.  Several other people came in after me, until each table was full.  I kept trying to catch her eye to place my order, even waving my hand and saying excuse me at one point, but it was like I was invisible.  After watching her take orders from multiple parties who entered after me, I gave up and left.  As I said, the food looked and smelled good, hence two stars instead of one, but that didn't fill my empty stomach!  They obviously need more than one server (I witnessed three people tired of waiting get up and go to the counter for chili sauces and chopsticks), but that doesn't explain why she took orders from people who entered after me, while completely ignoring me.  It's a shame, I really did want to give it a try.
5 My husband and I picked-up take-out from here last night for ourselves and my in-laws. We had the Cashew Chicken, Mongolian Beef (one plain order/one spicy) and Lite Chicken. We served it family style and everyone was delighted. It was all delicious!!! Great flavor, pricing and portion size. A healthier take on the traditional; we will absolutely be going back!
4 I've come here a few times for lunch during the week and I really like it. It's quick, tasty and inexpensive. I really like that they don't use a lot of salt and most of the food is pretty "lite." The Mongolian beef is probably my favorite but I've had a couple of other things on the menu. The fried rice is a little bland but truthfully I'm glad because then I can skip it and save the calories. I also like that the owners are pretty much always there and are very friendly. If you're in the area and need something quick this is a great little spot.
