4 Scottsdale is known for it's City Park System. They are located & maintained in convenient neighborhoods throughout the city. Chaparral Park is a good example with walking paths, workout stations, a doggy park, lighted softball & soccer fields. A basketball court is also available, plus the Olympic sized swimming pool will open on Monday, March 21st. These parks add to our overall quality of life.
4 This is a very nice park. We have started bringing our dog here for nightly walks and he loves it. There's plenty of space for exercise but it's also a great spot for lounging around in the cool fall weather. Looking forward to utilizing this park that is so close to home for us!
5 I love this park, and my dogs do too!  It's beautiful and well maintained.   Even on a busy day there's still plenty of room to walk around, exercise, or have a picnic!
5 Beautiful park in a great location. The park itself spans several blocks, with a designated dog park area, baseball fields, a soccer field, a playground, and a lake. The lake is well-stocked with fish. There are a few restrictions for fishing (like how many you can catch), but otherwise just go and enjoy!   As a part of the greenbelt, it's a great place for a quick stroll or a bike ride. If you bring your pup, you will see plenty of other dogs at almost any time of day. The trail around the lake is 1 mile in length, and there are little fitness stations throughout. Great for a quick workout!
5 I moved to be close to this park and Talking Stick.  I can walk here in three minutes and I do, often.  My dog loves coming here and so do I.  Somehow, the Scottsdale park workers keep this place pristine despite, the tremendous amount of use the park gets  Great combination of walkers, bikers, fishermen, kids, and dogs.  If you do have a dog, please be sure to clean up his poop, ok?  There are plenty of bags and trash cans.  Lets keep it nice for everyone.
4 GREAT PARK! with a lot of great wild birds :-) If you're a photographer this is a cool place to check out. Its clean! people are jogging, fishing, picnicking and just having a good time :-) LOVE chaparral park
4 Trying to give myself more of an exercise challenge by running out of doors more, so I'm trying new places. This park offers a pretty good run on the encircling path, although there are a lot of people and I found myself slowing to a walk often. Whether that was because I'm so polite or because I find myself less in shape than I thought, well, who can say. Lots of families, people with pets, other folks exercising, very nice and clean, and safe.
5 One of the best things about living in Scottsdale are all the wonderful parks. Chaparral is the best one to start with--smack in the middle of the city, very large and full features. There is a huge walking trail, you will see moms with strollers, joggers and dog walkers galore. But aside from the very nice walking/bike trail, there are several grassy areas for soccer or picnics, baseball diamonds, a fishing lake, and the standard playground area (with shade tents). An aquatic center and plenty of wildlife rounds it all off. Only complaint is that I'd like to see better hours at the aquatic center. It would also be nice if the building was updated/enlarged, so they could include fitness classes (similar to the Cactus park location).  In all this park is still a great place to workout, play, picnic, or read. The people and dog watching is pretty good too.
5 Love this place.  We do swimming lessons for my little guy through Scottsdale Parks and Rec.  The teachers have all been excellent and for the parents it is even comfortable in a shaded "watching area" on full side lawn chairs.  No hard metal bleachers in the sun like at other swim classes.  There are also great paths throughout the park and around the lake, dog park, and baseball fields.  It just a great place to hang out with the family.
4 Lawn a little long and squishy in some places from being overwatered, but seems to have some less wet areas for practicing handling with a pup for an upcoming show.  Night time makes it hard to get clear view but park has fair lighting in most areas and better in others. Plently of people walking their pets and the majority mind the law and have their pets on a leash.   Location has easy access and plenty of available parking spaces during the evening. Clean and nice overall.
5 I love to see so many parking spaces filled at this great little park! I walked around the great path, checked out some pups at the dog park, and delighted in watching the antics of some of our fine feathered friends....ducks, swans....oh, and snow birds, too! It's a perfect day for some light reading in the shade while waiting for more LYFT requests! Life is good in Scottsdale, AZ....the most liveable city!
5 I love love love this park!  It's always a beautiful place to enjoy AZ weather!  A big lake full of ducks and geese surrounded by grass and quite a few big, shady trees,  There's a lovely running/walking/biking track running in a big loop around  the lake, which always seems to be getting plenty of use (especially since it's part of the green belt).   I've been coming here for 7 years, and it's always clean and lovely!  There's a small playground for kids, a little pagoda for parties (not sure if this needs to be reserved or anything), plenty of picnic tables, and even periodic little stretch/workout areas along the track (like a pull-up bar).    It's a popular park, especially on beautiful weekends, but it never feels overcrowded.  It's well-lit after sunset (not well enough for reading, of course, but you can see your way in or out and on the track).  There's a smaller parking lot on Chapparal as you approach Hayden heading West, but if the lot is full, there's plenty of parking on Hayden and Jack Rabbit, in front of the soccer field.   It's a wonderful place for people-watching: kids, dogs, frisbee games, runners, bikers, birthday parties, fishermen, picnics...  There are benches just perfect for settling down with a good book, a Safeway across the street for provisions if you get hungry or thirsty, and a nice, clean bathroom so you can stay for hours.
3 It's a park with a big lake, a very big lake. Nothing stands out here too much, the running trail around the lake is good, but you must use the far parking lot at a point because the path is not a full circle. All types here, families that fish, dog people and lonely seniors too. An oasis in the desert so to speak, but you can't drink this water.
