4 New Yorkers outside of New York strike me as really obnoxious. They're always going on about the frickin Yankees, bitching about how there's no good pizza for thousands of miles, or, when they feel sappy, whining about how they miss autumn. When I kindly suggest that they move back to this seemingly wonderful place whence they came, they always respond with some variation of "Fuck off." Just trying to be helpful!  So I was a little skeptical of Native New Yorker, but that was dumb, because this is a first class establishment. Immediately striking is that the sports bar portion of the building is well-lit, awesome since its a rarity in bars around these parts. Who can blame a man for wanting a good look at the ladies and what he's about to eat?   And what he should eat is the chicken wings, because they're damn good, and this is coming from a guy that usually doesn't bother because navigating chicken skin and tendons to try and get full is a pain in the ass. Naturally the wings are served in a variety of flavors and intensities, similar to Buffalo Wild Wings except delicious. The "suicide" flavor isn't overpoweringly spicy, but it certainly offers some kick. What really makes the wings special, though, is the texture. The very outermost layer of these meaty delights offers a touch of crispness that might suggest a brief moment spent on the barbecue, but then your teeth sink right into the meat of the tender morsel. Plus if you come just for drinks and aren't really hungry, you can order as few as one wing for the sake of something to chew on. Grand idea.   Also, the karaoke here is pretty awesome because it's actual sloppy drunk people instead of American Idol wannabes, just like God intended. And the beer is cold. Amen.
1 I just don't get this place.  All the food comes straight from Cysco and falls into their fryer and onto your table.  The wings are lukewarm.  The service is bad.  The lighting is terrible.  The place looks dirty.  My wife had the fried fish and shrimp.  The shrimp were tiny and obviously from the frozen section of Costco.  So were the fish.  So were the curly fries (but those are damn good anyway)
1 I have to agree with Richard's review.  Also, Junk should try visiting New York instead of just stereotyping based on a select few.  My boyfriend and I walked into this place thinking it might help us transition a little easier to living in the southwest, as we've just moved here from New York City.  I'm originally from the Midwest, so I have no qualms about New York attitudes and food and J is very open to trying everything.  At first glance, it seems like it might be a nice place, though it is very dark, almost like a dive bar with no windows.  The hostess didn't immediately recognize us as customers as she was playing with her cell phone, so J tried to get her attention with a joke about native New Yorkers (the people, not the restaurant).  Her response was a hazy glance and a slow "what?" as she attempted to half-smile her way out of the situation.    Eventually we were seated in a room that looked like it was still waiting for decoration, lights, and maybe some barriers.  It was literally one big square room with about 20-30 tables strewn about and tiny uncomfortable booths lining the mostly windowless walls.  The kitchen opened into this one room via one of the corners, luckily we were seated across the room from it, though there didn't appear to be much going on.  We were there for lunch, though only about 3 other couples and a family with a horde of obnoxious screaming children were present for the meal, or lack thereof.  I immediately took note of the small portion sizes and the greasy sheen over everything, including the tables and seats.    By the time we got our menus, which were also dripping wet from just having been wiped down with a greasy rag, we weren't hungry.  The food on the menu is bland, boring all-American bar food:  plain old burgers, french fries, and finger food.  This isn't to say they didn't have spaghetti, BLTs and flash-fried fish, but I barely got past the first half of the menu before it slid out of my hand.  We didn't stay for food once our drinks (water, as we were never asked what we wanted to drink) arrived.  It was probably a one-time thing, but my water had bits of something floating in it, and it wasn't lemon.    Needless to say, I can't say anything about the food, but the service was completely lacking.  Also, I'm not a huge fan of dining in a greasy basement.
5 Love this place. I make it there on Fridays for happy hour and the bar area is almost full by 5pm. Always something great to watch on their many TV's. Food is outstanding, for as long as I can remember I have not had a bad plate of anything. Wings are superb, nachos are best around! Friendly staff and the new management that is out on the floor greeting customers and checking on things. Highly recommended if in the area.
4 I love the food the service is good too!
3 My fiance and I come here often to play buzztime trivia since it is right down the street from our house. The food is hit or miss. Not very consistent and nothing to write home about. The turkey in the rye sandwich is pretty good and I would probably only recommend getting one of the sandwiches, wings and/or beer at this location. The burgers and apps can be very iffy. The service along with the food is very hit or miss. The last time we ate here two days ago it took at least ten minutes until anyone noticed or greeted us and we sat in one of the main booths in the bar area which wasn't very busy. Once we were greeted service was decent this time. A couple of times we have been here we have gotten a very ditzy waitress who forgets everything the second she takes the order and never comes to check on the table until after you are finished with everything or no longer need what you needed her for in the first place. On the other hand the manager Andrew is very nice and he goes out of his way to make sure his guests are happy. Any time he is working we have a much better experience. We will probably still go back to this Native because it is one of our favorite places to go to play trivia however we have learned at this point what to order and what not to order as well as the service may not always be top notch. I would recommend to this restaurant to be more consistent with your service and quality of food.
1 I waited 11 minutes just for my server (Travis) to acknowledge me and take my drink order. It took him another 3 minutes to bring my drink to me (an iced tea no less) and to take my order. Plus another waiter had to remind my server to bring me my drink ... Not good service at all.
1 Bad food,, very slow service. Did I say over priced. Save your money eat somewhere else. .basic hamburger taste bad. How does this place stay in business.
4 Eat here for lunch at least once a week. Place is usually quiet service is always good. Food is always good.  But then again I mainly order mild wings with sauces and tots. The new season tots are really good.  A must try.
