5 I have been using Sonoran Pest Control for two years now and HIGHLY recommend them.  At the beginning of the summer, I was sucked in to use another company who had come to my door to offer me a "neighborhood" package.  A few months later after starting to use this other company, I almost stepped on a scorpion in my house without shoes on and later that night I found another one.  I called them the next day and to my surprise their lower price DID NOT include spraying for scorpions even though that was a specific question I asked. To include this service, it was another $18.50 on top of the $40.00 I was already paying AND they were going to charge me a $25.00 service fee for them to come out since they had just sprayed two weeks earlier.  I called Bret at Sonoran Pest Control and explained the situation.  I told him I should have never used this other company because when I had been using his company, I NEVER had any scorpions in my house. Plus the cost this other company with them spraying for scorpions was way more expensive than what they were charging me.  Plus the customer service with his company has always been top notch.  He understand peoples concerns and really cares.  If you are looking for a pest control company, I HIGHLY recommend Sonoran Pest Control.  I will NEVER go with anyone else ever again!!
5 I started using Sonoran after having experienced 3 other companies.  Somehow, they all had a low success rate at keeping the little nasty things away.  Then I tried Sonoran.  What a difference!  I live in scorpion heaven and these guys really do a fantasic job.  We can even walk around outside in bare feet.  They also got rid of my ground squirrel problems.  Best yet is their great customer focus and reasonable pricing.  I recommend them to everyone.
5 I've used Sonoran Pest Control for the past 5 years and have had great success with this company.  I never see insects in my house and certainly no scorpions.  Highly recommended.
5 I would recommend Sonoran Pest Control to everyone in the Scottsdale area.  In the past with previous exterminators we still had issues with scorpions.  We hardly ever see one now and we don't have to worry about our dog around the poison they use like our previous ones.  HERE'S THE BEST reason we like them.  We've had a TREMENDOUS bee problem in our pool ever since we lived here (10 years)!  Our previous exterminators told me, "There is nothing you can do."  I tried everything to get rid of them.  Tons of them constantly buzzing around our pool.  My husband called Sonoran Pest Control on Thursday.  Within a half hour the owner came.  He sprayed our pool area and they are pretty much gone except for some "die hards" that won't give up!  So he told me to spray them with dish detergent and water, which is really working!  He SOLVED OUR BEE PROBLEM!  So, I guess there IS something that can be done!  Oh, and by the way, when we asked him what we owed him, he said NOTHING!!  Great company and great owner!
5 I've been using Sonoran Pest Control over the past 2 years. I live in a desert environment and we had scorpions everywhere. I used the Kill Zone product at my house and the scorpions are near gone. I've only had to kill 2 all year outside. In previous year I was killing 2-3 a week.  This product and this company delivers quality, and as long as I am living here, I'll continue to use their services.  A++ Company!
5 I could easily write a long review for this family owned and operated business. They were on-time, superb at taking care of my pest-y issues and followed-up the next day. I found huge value in working with them. Highly recommend.
5 Just moved here and have been using Sonoran for a few months now.  Really like this company.  Bret is great and makes it clear that customer service is a top priority (after making sure that the bugs are taken care of).  Our regular service tech, Jeremy, is great too. Very nice and always explains the product he is using. (i.e. In the summer months, the concentrations of the products are higher since the bugs tend to be more active.)  They tend to stick to spraying the exterior of your home, unless you have an issue with the interior, and then they will take care of the inside too. We are currently renting a house and had Sonoran come out the day after we moved in.  Two weeks later, I encountered some scorpions outside on our patio.  I called, and they came back out that morning to spray again - no hassle, no extra charges - they just took care of it.  Haven't seen any critters since and I hope that it stays that way.  Great company that we will continue to use!
