5 I love this place. Been going to Hilton Village Starbucks since 2006. It's awesome. Their crew always treats me well and has my drink ready when I am there as they know me. It's fun to go to a place where they treat you with respect and go out of their way to make you feel special.
1 I will never, ever go to this Starbucks again. I usually go to the one on Scottsdale and Thomas, but I went to Trader Joe's yesterday, so I thought it would try it out. It took about 15 minutes to get an iced coffee with one sweet & low. The barista was a very nasty women. She was unfriendly and flat out rude. When she called out my drink she said "unsweetened ice coffee". I asked if there was a sweet & low in it because that is what I ordered. She said "I don't know can you just taste it and find out". I was totally taken a back. I should have complained, but I just wanted to get the heck out of the there.
5 I do Scottsdale every winter and this is my fav Starbucks while in AZ. I notice the staff hardly turns over and we coffee aficionados benefit greatly as a result. Ladies are all that. Coffee perfect every time. Mark me down in the very happy column.
5 BEST STARBUCKS IN THE VALLEY!  Honestly, I pass up two other Starbucks on the way to work to go to this one.  The people are so friendly and nice they make my mornings!  Customer service A+!  Always yummy too!
5 Great at remember that I had just been there the prior day and know what I wanted.  Lovely service
5 Love this Starbucks. Especially because the employees are so nice, always smiling, friendly, and especially because they make the drinks so fast! The store is a little small so it can get pretty crowded. The store itself is kind of hidden so you don't really know that it's there until you drive in and around the complex that it is in.
2 This used to be my favorite Starbucks in the valley.  Now I sadly avoid it.  The remodel made the space feel tight and unwelcoming.  Staff quality also rapidly decreased.  Drinks have been repeatedly incorrect (I order very easy things) and they have over charged me multiple times.  Not sure what happened to this location!
