5 I found these guys by mistake actually.  My car had just failed emissions at 7th Ave. and deer valley, they gave me a list of service shops that had the success rates of retested cars passing.  Anderson Auto was the top rated.  So I gave them a shot.  Ron the owner is a straight shooter, which I really appreciate.  He won't  "get you" like so many shops.  If you want a Fair priced mechanic,  good craftsmanship and pride in the work they do,  these are your guys.  Its a small, low over head, setting run by someone you can trust!  I have been doing business with them for years now, even some ongoing restorations they do at my financial pace.  I will continue to patronize tis business for years to come.  Always fair, and trustworthy....a nice change in the auto repair trade!  Tell them Mike the repo man sent you!
1 this was the worst shop i have ever been to.the owner was a complete lier and and ripped me off. i would never ever send a freind or even some one i didnt like to this shop thats how horrible they were.worst shop in phoenix az!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the shop sucks and so does the owner and help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1 i was ripped off by this company the owner ron and his employes are liers and thievs this is a company you cannot trust.if you have money to throw away or you do not care about your car. then by all means use this company. because thats what you will get SCREWED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5 I was looking for a repair shop close to my house and found Mike P's review and thought it was worth a shot. I have had my '96 Chevy truck there twice for two different situations and now my Subaru STI. They handled both repairs quickly and got me the best price they could with no pressure to repair additional items. Their shop is nothing fancy but they know their business. Great people to work with. Highly recommended.
1 TURN AROUND AND RUN!!!!!!! I read the previous reviews and this shop sounded great. I have been looking to find a reliable mechanic closer to my place.  I thought I'd give them a shot. No harm right? Wrong! Good thing I'm smart enough to figure out not to be swindled. I'm not a mechanic but I've been tinkering with cars long enough to know how to many labor hours it would take to do certain repairs. From changing alternators, water pumps, radiators, basically anything easily accessible. Any part on top of the engine or visible to the naked eye can usually be changed within 1 hour or less. Anything underneath or hard to reach will take longer. 2-4 hours tops. Sorry Mike P. THIS IS NOT A LOW OVERHEAD SHOP. Anyhow, I don't mind paying for needed repairs as long as is justified and within reason. I dropped my car off for them to diagnose some problems I was having. The problem started when I got a call from the young juice head. The figures he quoted didn't seem to add up right so I decided to head down to the shop to speak to them in person and when I simply asked him how he came up with his figures.  Details: Fix a cracked hose he admitted was $11.00 To replace $200 (before tax)  Replace A/C compressor ($249.00 part) Estimate "A little over $1,100.00"   While he tripped over his words and couldn't give a reasonable answer, I confirmed his integrity was out the window.  His comment "I have to mark up our parts because of overhead."  I am a firm believer that if you do right by others, people will trust you.  I hope this post serves as a tool to help others to beware of crooked mechanics and a lesson to the young mechanic. Help yourself? Eat for a day. Help others and do right by the customers you serve and they with feed you for a lifetime.
