4 OMG! I love Copenhagen! The fun and unique contemporary designs have lasting appeal. Want to have art on your floors and supporting your bed, as well as on your walls? Well this is the place.   Now, keep in mind: your going to pay an artistic premium for each piece. I tend to have expensive taste (it's a curse) The bed frame I want: $3K. The sheets I bought for my bed: $200; blanket: $800; specialty pillow: $250; couch: $4K; coffee table: $400; bar stools: $350 each (OUCH!). You know what though? It looks amazing! That bedroom and living area will really POP, in all the right ways!   Don't we all wish we could afford the things we wanted? Sigh. Maybe I'll have most of that stuff before I retire :/
1 I love Copenhagen furniture. I love the style. We looked high and low for the perfect sectional for our family room and Copenhagen had the only stylish one we could find. We loved the built in recliners and cup holders. We had good service during the ordering process, but they told us it would take four or five months and it took like 9 months. We kept having to call and check on it, too--they never called us first.  Then, when we finally got it -- it kept breaking! In the year that we've had it, it's never been fully operational. The furniture repair shop that they use can't get the parts from Italy, it takes months to get the parts, then once they get them the furniture repair company can't get us on the schedule for months.   We are not hard on furniture. We don't have little kids jumping on it. It's for sitting on and watching TV. A sofa should be able to do that without being broken.
5 Visited this location last weekend while they were having their blow out clearance event. My husband and I got there early on Saturday and the parking lot was PACKED! We were lucky to find a beautiful sofa and love seat at more than half off the original price! This store has fabulous furniture and I was pleasantly surprised how helpful the staff was on such a hectic sale day. My only suggestion would be to open a location in Denver, so we can furnish our other home there!!
5 As you approach Copenhagen with ideas in mind and design your excitement quantum leaps due to incredible customer service. It is not overpowering but helpful and Linda Birchard, who has been our sales person, multiple times goes above and beyond. She "more than satisfies" her customers as Copenhagen's policy is most likely. In my opinion Copenhagen isn't content with satisfying, they are looking for that "WOW" from you and from your guests at your home when they see your purchase. I was proud to refer friends to Copenhagen and I receive their gratitude, especially when Linda communicates with them and even sometimes when they are in a different area of our country. Thank you Copenhagen as well as Denmarket for continued outstanding service as well as incredible value.
1 This is, for all practical purposes, the only Danish modern store in Phoenix with significant stock, which is shocking. I've moved from the Midwest where I'm used to a large variety of furniture stores that run the spectrum and good service.  Because these people were about the only game in town (except for Modhome in Tempe- which didn't have what I needed) I  ordered two end tables from this store. For starters, it was unbelievable that it took them a full week to get two end tables from the Tucson store to the Scottsdale store.   My second complaint is that I made a point to ask the sales people-twice- when ordering, if they would assemble the tables if I picked them up. The delivery charges didn't justify the expense.   Both times I asked about assembly, they assured me they would assemble the tables.  When my husband went today to get them- surprise surprise- no assembly.   Observation-If you've only got one truck running between Tucson and Scottsdale per week, you're not doing much business. These people are incompetent. I have other modern furniture to buy- a lot of it- and I'll be damned if I'll buy it from this company. I'll take my own truck to California and Dania Furniture  if necessary. Anyone who opens a midcentury modern store in Phoenix could clean up. These people are clueless. Maybe that person should be me.
