1 Great Area, horrible service and hotel overall.  I was transferred to Scottsdale for work and put up in this place.  Thank goodness the area is amazing with scottsdale quarter and kierland or I would have been in hell.  Room was okay but clearly worn.  The "kitchen" area tile was stained.  I get people use it but come on.    The absolute worse part was on day 5 of my month long stay I began to experience severe coughing attacks only in the room.  I have never had allergies but thought it was due to the change in climate.  This trend continued for the next couple days and I woke up with bites all over my knees and legs.  I ended up on day 9 or 10 needing to go to the local emergency room due to breathing issues.  I was told they believed the bites were from spiders and breathing was a reaction to something in the room.    When I got home I stripped the bed to see if there were bugs or anything and found the pad had a hole in it and was stained followed by the mattress having a huge stain.   When I got back from work the next day I went to the front desk and was told there was nothing the guy could do because no one was there to clean or a manager but hed leave a note.  I go back the next day nothing had been done spoke to a different guy and was told the same thing.  By this point Im thinking hey could I just change rooms to see what the deal is.  Suffice to say nothing came of this.  I just went to work and tried to avoid the room as much as possible.  Let me add just a minor thing the internet was incredibly unreliable which really sucked since I wanted to stay busy when I had to be in the room.  The only positive experience related to the room was the lady who checked me in and out only saw her these two times and wish I could have dealt with her the entire time.  I let my company know and I warn everyone to stay away.  Yes its cheap for such an awesome area but i dont think it is worth it.  I was in Room 111 by the way a handicap accessible room since I believe it was what was available when I checked in.
3 Older ESA with outdoor room access. Room was clean and comfortable. Grab and go breakfast was okay but the coffee was great!! Located in a fantastic Scottsdale AZ location there's shopping and activities galore! They could install direction signs as you exit the elevator making it easier to find rooms. Plus a light in the elevator hallway would be nice. Comfortable low cost hotel. Saw many families and business travelers. Oh and there's an In N Out right down the street, lol!
1 So I needed a place to stay for the night that was cheap and easy.  The person who signed me in was nice. Got into my room. Not bad.  Went to grab some food from the local gas station because everything was closed. Started eating while changing channels on the tv. Then I looked at the control. Big mistake. It was gross. But whatever, I'll just wash my hands and won't touch it.  Next morning I go to take a shower. Turn on the bathtub faucet(transfers pressure to shower head) and I a hear a loud noise coming from it. Then BAM! the faucet flew off. It didn't just fall off the water pressure blew it off. Good thing I wasn't in the shower at the time. I hesitantly put it back on lightly so it would some what stay and showered quickly as to avoid taking a faucet to the shin or perhaps even the crotch area.  I mentioned this to the managers when checking out and asked if I could receive a discount because of this. They said I could not because I booked through Priceline.   Two lessons learned:  1) always book through the hotel. They will match the price.   2) Stay at this hotel at your own risk. It's dirty, and there is chance of being hospitalized due to faucet attacks.
3 There are 3 Extended Stay Americas in Scottsdale.  We stayed at the Old Town one on Marshall Street.  Simple, clean, nice.  Close to everything.  Great deal at $64/night.
1 Walked into our assigned room and it smelled of  smoke. There was only a  tiny double bed and the place appeared dirty.   When I went to the lobby  to complain about the cleanliness of the room, another hotel guest was complaining about bedbug bites.  I told the front office to cancel our reservations as we didn't want to stay there.
1 To call this place a dump would be an insult to landfills nation wide.  We had three rooms for a weekend during Spring Training.  A quick summary of each room...  Room #1:  They must have run out of bedspreads, because they took a bed sheet and just wrapped it around the mattress.  Also, a clogged shower drain.  Room #2:  Couldn't use the air conditioner.  Judging by the smell, a cat had died in the AC unit at some point.  Room #3:  The smoke detector was hanging off the wall, no big deal.  But then you touch it to hang it back up, it falls off, and you see that the wiring has NEVER been hooked up.   The drain clogs.   And then you notice that the sheets that have been laid on your bed have some red orange brown mystery stain alllll over them.  The six of us that stayed here came down with some weird throat ailment after one night here.  Two weeks later, it lingers.  It must be a ESTD - Extended Stay Transmitted Disease.  And the coup de grace?  Being potentially overcharged and then refusing to give me an itemized receipt for our charges.
1 This was a complete nightmare... I arrived and the lobby should have been my first sign. Dark and attendant was creepy. We get to the room and there is this musty odor and stained carpets. We go to the restroom to find dry pee on the toilet seat. My fiancé calls the front desk and he asks us to come grab some cleaner and rag.. Yes we had to clean it ourselves.   We go grab food return to start unpacking and just start noticing more things wrong with our room.. I showered and come out run to grab socks because the floor was so sticky and gross.   My fiancé looks under the bed to find dog feces.   I had an interview the following day so I really tried to ignore all these signs and sleep it off... I didn't have much luck because the bed made me feel itchy and it was then when I realized I didn't have to take this anymore... I was a paying customer who didn't have to settle for this! I asked my fiancé to pack up because we was going to demand a refund and go somewhere else.  DO NOT STAY HERE!! Not worth it!
