5 I just took my children to see Dr. Cohen and he is fantastic with kids!  He is patient, and so knowledgeable.  They each gave him more than 10 stars which in our family is the best rating.  His staff is also very helpful and efficient.
5 Our entire family has been going to Dr. Cohen for over 15 years and wouldn't think of trusting our eyes to anyone else. In addition to being a phenomenally gifted optometrist, Dr. Cohen is one of our favorite people. We continue to be impressed with his genuine interest in our kids and the way he relaxes everyone with his sense of humor and relaxed approach. Our kids love going to see him--what more can I say? He's just the best.
5 Had a great visit at Dr. Cohen's! He made me feel comfortable and was very talkative. We had great, smooth conversation, and Dr. Cohen was interested in my life and what I do. He is a great listener and a happy guy! The office visit was quick, and he described what he was doing throughout the process. We also had a few good laughs!  Dr. Cohen's staff was friendly and personable, and I was seen quickly. The office is very clean and welcoming.  Would definitely return to Dr. Cohen!
5 LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this doctor. Dr. Cohen is personable, throrough, his staff is top notch, Love Shelley, Susie. Easy office to work with. I highly recommend Dr. Cohen, If you go to him once, you will never go any where else. If there was a 10 star rating, I would give him that.!!!!!!
5 Very pleased. Friendly, professional, personal service. Dr. Cohen knows his stuff and is happy to answer questions on your level without making you feel like he's talking down to you. He is quick without seeming rushed, and gives you his full attention. Plus he's a nice guy, real down to Earth and makes the process that much more laid back.  Also, when I picked a pair of frames I mentioned my old frames were broken and I asked about donating them. I showed them to the optician, who took a look at them and said "You can donate them if you want, but that's an easy fix. I'll fix them right now if you want." I then told her the lenses need replacing. She said "No sweat, I'll replace the lenses free of charge so you can have a backup pair. Whatever you prefer." Now THAT is service.  We drive from across town to come here and it's worth it. Very happy and we will be coming to Dr. Cohen as long as he is in business.
5 Dr. Cohen has been my doctor for several years. Efficient office with great people. Couldn't recommend them more highly.
5 Dr. Cohen is a fantastic Doctor who I'd highly recommend!! Checked my eyes and my contacts and made slight corrections to my contacts and I was on my way.
4 Very happy with Dr. Cohen so far.  Have only had two appointments. One for an eye exam. My prescription hadn't changed much and he let me decide if i wanted a new pair of glasses or to wait until there was more of a change. I appreciated that, since he could have told me that i needed a new pair.  second appointment was a couple of days ago.  I have been having a horrible time with allergies lately and my eyes were red, sore and itchy and needed some relief.  The office staff got me in, in an hour from my phone call.  Another appreciated gesture!  I have no reason not to continue to see Dr. Cohen.  I am anticipating many happy visits.
4 The Dr was very professional but down to earth and pleasant.  His assistant, Sherry seems to know EVERYTHING about the office and how everything works.  My last OD couldn't help me with a vision problem after 3 years.  He just kept saying, "That's your prescription.  I don't know why it's not working".  Dr Cohen promised he would not do that and seemed very sincere about it.  The fact that he didn't just shrug his shoulders made my day!
5 I have been very happy for the last 10 years with Dr. Cohen and his staff and I always look forward to seeing them every year for my eye exam.  Plus, he has a great selection of frames!  I highly recommend him!
5 This office is truly wonderful.  The staff is extremely knowledgeable.  Dr Cohen is very thorough!  Would highly recommend Dr My Eyes
5 Dr. Cohen and his staff are highly professional and I appreciate all that they do for me. The warmth that comes from the staff makes me glad that I am one of their patients because they treat me like family! I love my Dr. My Eyes !
