5 I was on vacation in need of a manicure and pedicure over Memorial Day weekend, and was able to get in with Nancy due to a cancellation.    This is BY FAR the nicest nail salon I have been to.  The decor is very tastefully done, ALL of the equipment is BRAND new and the staff is friendly.  I have been to many different nail salons in the Chicagoland area, and none can top the overall ambiance that Scottsdale Nails has.   Perhaps you guys might consider expanding in the Midwest? ;)    Nancy was very friendly and courteous, and did a great job.  It was $40 for a mani/pedi (not including a $10 tip), which is about the going rate in Chicago.   Overall I am more than satisfied and happy that I was able to get an appointment here, and next time we travel to Scottsdale I will definitely be back! :)
1 First off don't buy the $40 for $50 deal. I did, they would not honnor the yelp voucher but told me they would still give me $10 off... So I spent  $40 on a voucher I can't use. They told me to call yelp and cancel the voucher.... That's not easy... So as we speak I'm out the $40 for the voucher and $73 for services. Also I got the base manni peddi package, they kept trying to tell me I wanted the more expensive manni & peddi. I didn't want that. So she asked me how I would like the nails on my hands, I said buffed, no polish. Guess what, that's an additional $3. Really?? That's the first time that's ever happened... Anyway, I'm not happy with my experience and now I need to contact yelp to get my $40 back from the voucher....
5 Clean and friendly environment. Lee did a great job on my manicure and pedicure. He was very accommodating. Reasonably priced services. I was offered a list of other services but there was no pressure.
4 Great salon!  It's hard to find clean salons and this one is super clean and sanitary.   They are friendly and welcoming and I got great pink and whites from Tom.
5 I love this place and cannot imagine going anywhere else. I get liquid gel over my own nails with gel polish. Jenny is amazing and always does a fantastic job. I recommend coming here for any of your pampering needs!
4 Very nice place, with massage chairs and whirlpool foot baths. A little more pricey than what I'm used to in LA, but fancier too. Pedicure got rid of most of my calluses and my manicure has lasted a week so far.
5 I called and wanted to come in a half hour before they were closing, they said come in!  They were so kind and accomodated me and stayed late!  I've been going here for a few months now, Tom does AMAZING nails!  Really happy i found this little gem, clean, freindly and quality nails with lovely service! I get acrylic (no backfills or white tips) and gel over the acrylic....lasts 2-3 weeks, never chips and always looks fresh till i get my fill!
2 Had an appointment to get liquid gel nails done.  The lady who did my nails was very rude and I didn't like how they turned out. I tired to communicate with her but was ignored.  Will not return,  would not recommend.
4 Highly recommend this place! Clean, friendly and pretty quick in getting you seated. Ask for Tommy, he always does a fantastic job.
