3 So I ventured in here today for a quick nosy hoping to see what was on sale. I figured nothing in these economic times could be TOO expensive...They had a lot of their items FULL PRICE much to my disdain, but I was pleasantly surprised to find a large bin on throw pillows for 75% I personally was in need for some and bought some super cute ones for $6.00 each originally $35.00 yeah great deal!!! So I was a happy camper...I even found two that matched that weren't damaged SCORE...  They were setting up for Christmas so it was a little jumbled, but they had some cute Halloween stuff out but it was weird half the stuff was marked down and half wasn't, it was so confusing I just passed. I don't like the guessing game, either mark down the season or don't KWIM?  All in all though a typical Pier One except for how disjointed everything was it was hard to find things, and they just don't have the cute sets of furniture like they used to :(
5 Several things on sale. The sales women were helpful and talkative. The first one I talked to was anxious to help me as she apprroached me a few times. As I was leaving the store I saw a shower curtain I was interested in buying, another sales woman approached me and we had a lovely conversation regarding the curtain. She informed me that Pier 1 doesn't do all matchy matchy, they focus on incorporating colors to form a set. Pleasant experience today!
4 Clean and bright, and stocked with so many pretty items both useful and decorative.  A bit too cramped for my taste, but not claustrophobic.  Loved the fall items for sale!  The staff was helpful, and gave me room to look around.  (I did notice, though, while taking the online survey at home, that the clerks had not told me of sale items.  I did recall having to ask if specific items that were on shelves and counters that contained sale items were on sale, as well, and almost all of the time, the items weren't.)  Came in for a coffee mug tree, but walked out w/ a beautiful glass vase and six decorative stems of Japanese lanterns = $43, plus tax.
3 Meh. Pier 1 Imports used to be really cool with eclectic furniture and décor items. Now half the store is candles and other scented items. (Yeah, I love candles, but if I wanted to buy candles I'd go to a candle store.)   When I first walked in I was greeted by an elderly employee trying to get me to sign up for something. I politely declined and scampered off to browse the store. Pillows, small furniture items, bath items, Halloween (seasonal) items, then candles, candles, candles and incense. Oh, there was some dishware thrown in there somewhere as well.   Overall, it was pricy and didn't have what I was looking for. As I was leaving, the same greeter had cornered another woman and was trying to pressure her into signing up as well.   Probably won't be back.
