5 Dry Clean Only is the standard admonition on nearly every designer garment.  No matter how fabulous your pret-a-porter or couture, the reality is that if you wear it, it's going to get dirty.  The rule seem to be the more expensive and delicate the garment, the more likely you will be to spill tomato sauce on it at dinner.  When your precious garment is sullied, do you trust it to just any dry cleaner?  Given the significant investment that fine clothes represent, it's worth a visit to Z Cleaners.    For proof of how much customers trust Z Cleaners, you need look no further than the garment conveyer.  It's a literal designer merry-go-round.  You'll see high-end labels like Prada, Armani, Versace, Gucci, Michael Kors, Bironi, Jhane Barnes, etc go whizzing by.  The conveyor looks like it's been stocked by Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom, Bergdorf Goodman, Ralph Lauren, Barney's, and myriad designer boutiques because it has.  I've been a faithful customer of Z Cleaners since it opened nearly a decade ago.  It started out as my neighborhood dry cleaner when I lived in North Scottsdale.  I moved to downtown Phoenix six years ago, but Z Cleaners does such an outstanding job that I continue to use them as my dry cleaner.  So what makes Z Cleaners so great?  First, it's an impeccable attention to detail.  When you first bring a garment to Z Cleaners, they add a small barcode to the tag in order to associate it to your account.  The garment is tracked in your account by designer and color.  Every time you bring the garment to the shop, it's scanned into their system and they can track its progress from sullied to snazzy.  They also hand inspect every piece of clothing (or housewares) that comes into the store and everything comes out of this place looking top notch.  Dress shirts that I wear for work have lasted six years or more and I attribute that to the careful pampering they receive at Z Cleaners.  They even removed an ink stain from the cuff of a BF's shirt that had been there for four years before he moved to the Valley of the Sun.  We never bothered to tell them about the stain because it was so old.  The shirt came back with a note that read, "I knew if I worked on it hard enough, I would get it out."  Another huge benefit is that Z Cleaners actually returns your clothes fresh.  I used to loathe taking anything to the dry cleaner because garments often return from lesser cleaners reeking with the stench of dry cleaning solution.  Those places reuse the same dry cleaning solution over and over again, so that reek is actually the build up of soil from other people's garments.  Ew!  That's not the case at Z Cleaners where the cleaning solutions themselves are cleansed and distilled after each use so garments are returned absolutely odor-free.   Then there's the convenience factor.  If you go during business hours, you can sit in your car under the drive-thru portico and they will schlep your clothes for you.  I never seem to get to their store when it's open.  No problem, because Z Cleaners has a solution for that.  They've taken an over-size ATM and attached it to their store resulting in a designer garment dispenser.  They call it the Z Cleaners 24-Hour Valet and you can pick up and drop off your garments at Z Cleaners any time, day or night, seven days a week.  Is this some "Jetsons" vision of the future?  No, it's been a reality at Z Cleaners for nearly a decade.    They also offer a hanger buy-back program. They give you a compact box to keep in your closet to collect your hangers.  When it's full, you bring it back and they give you a $20 credit toward your next order.  It's a nice green touch.  In terms of price point, Z Cleaners can be spendy.  However, given the cost of fine clothing today, it's worth it to have experts who really care about your garments take care of them for you.  In nearly a decade, Z Cleaners has returned hundreds of orders to me where the clothes looked as good, if not better, than new.  It does seem that there's a pricing hierarchy in place as it's more expensive for them to handle an Armani shirt than the Nordstrom brand.    Z Cleaners promises, "When you entrust your garments, household or specialty items to us, we return them to you brighter, cleaner and fresher than you would have imagined possible."  They consistently deliver on that promise.  This is a place where I always know the rumpled mess of clothes I bring them will return to me perfectly fresh, pressed and renewed.
4 Ok, so I really miss my family owned cleaners from Atlanta, Sig Samuels. I loved the family and they loved me with all there customers. They new me by name with everybody else. When I moved to Phoenix it took me awhile to find a cleaners that came close to my old friends. Then one day I found Z Cleaners tucked away and adjacent to a Chevron gas station. One would totally miss this place. The people here are all friendly and they do a great job. No matter what your getting cleaned this place delivers high class service. Let me warn you though it is pricey, the only minus. They also have their own in-house tailor which is the sweetest lady ever.   I don't use them for my everyday dry cleaning only my really nice stuff and any weird alterations to my finer garments. Again, there expensive. Great service for your one offs or if you don't mind the price everyday cleaning.
1 Disgusting!  This place is the most pretentious, over priced place I've ever been!  The staff is pretentious, one of them actually told me that perhaps I'd be more comfortable at some place like monte carlo cleaners where they charge $1.99 a shirt.  I took two black cocktail dresses in and they charged me over $$60!!!!  Really?  It's dry cleaning...I suggest they take a look at the economy because most people I know aren't going to be willing to pay that.  Horrible, horrible, horrible and what do you do?  Otherwise you don't get your garments back!
1 i moved to Phoenix from Washington DC and Chicago.  In Chicago I had an amazing Cleaners who I could trust and loved.  Upon moving to DC same thing...The Parkway Cleaners in Washington DC was always reliable curteous and trustworthy.    I brought in a stella mccartney sweater to be cleaned at Z Cleaners and upon recieving the item stored it properly in my closet.  I store everything designer in breathable cotton bags for fear of bugs.  When I went to wear it for the first time I noticed a hole.  But, I had it sewn back up and figured it was one small hole no big deal.  When I went to wear it again I noticed there were 3 more holes and then 12 holes total....i contacted Z Cleaners and they refused to do anything for me.  Even though clearly the holes occurred at their faciity NOTHING!  NOT EVEN A " WE WILL IT FIXED FOR FREE"...NOTHING!!!!!  I have never been more disappointed in a business.  If this is how they are going to treat customer issues I am amazed they are still in business.  STAY AWAY FROM THEM WITH NICE THINGS BECAUSE IF THERE IS A PROBLEM THEY WILL NOT OWN UP TO IT OR OFFER ANY ADDITIONAL HELP TO ALLEVIATE THE PROBLEM!!!!!!!!!!  BEWARE OF BAD BUSINESS ETHICS!!!!!!
1 If I could give a nostar rating for my very first experience here I would. I decided to try them out since everyone gave them a great review and they are doing the 4 garments & 1 comforter for free deal. Well upon my arrival I mentioned  the "Yelp" deal and they said that only applied to the Tempe location?!! I wonder f you go to Tempe, they tell you it only applies to the Scottsdale location. Not impressed on first contact. I walked out.
4 Okay so the owner contacted me and did make things right. The employees on site were extremely apologetic, friendly and knowledgeable to boot. So for the customer service alone I will give them 4 stars.
5 Love this place. Whenever I'm back home, I get my dry cleaning done here. Their prices aren't the lowest in town, but this place reaffirms the aphorism: You get what you pay for.  Really, really friendly staff. If you're like me you just want your dry cleaning done right and fast without the person behind the counter snarling at you.
1 No stars for this establishment.  I just got a massive dose of sticker shock from their Tempe location. I'm sure the work is good (I have not opened the plastic yet), but the prices sure as heck are not.  I used this store as my usual one is having some technical difficulties, and I needed my shirts - I decided to send an old suit in as well, bad idea.  Lets see, the suit, $22.00, wow, that's a little over the top, but hey, it's clean now, I can't exactly say no.  Here come the regular old laundry shirts, usually $1.75 at most places (I travel, I know), 3 bucks at Z because they take 'really good care' of them.  Whats this? 3 shirts needed special care (why, they didn't need it last week?), so they actually cost 6 bucks a pop. Come on folks, that's nuts.  And the two I dropped in for dry cleaning? $19 bucks (I usually pay $11). Now we are in plain old rip off territory.  So, I expected to pay somewhere between 40 - 50 bucks, but had to pay $96 to rescue my clothes (most of them, one shirt was not ready).  And for real fun, it took them nearly a week. I hope for this price, the clothes got brought for daily walks and maybe a movie.
1 Worst dry cleaners I have ever been to!  Brought in 5 shirts and they told me it was $2.99/shirt. However when I picked up the shirts it was almost double the amount!!!!  They told me my shirts wouldn't fit on their machine and they had to hand press them. 6'4" 215 lbs wearing XL shirts doesn't qualify as to large in my book.  Are you kidding me!!!Horrible experience not to mention the staff is not friendly! Avoid this place!!
5 This place is fantastic!!!  I just picked-up several items for both my boyfriend and I which included his dress shirts/pants, casual shirts, a very expensive tie with an oil or grease stain, my sweaters that have been schlepped from floor to floor and had lint all over them, and a favorite shirt that was looking a bit worn. The total came to $70 for all ten items and included two seaters that needed significant de-pilling and one that needed an alternation.  I believe I spoke with Geralyn when I first came in on Tuesday. I told her I was new to their place but had heard great things. She took the time to go through each item and let me know which service -- Diamond or Silver -- would be best. I thought for sure she would say "oh Diamond for everything" to make more money. Nope. She even said that some items don't need Diamond especially since the designer tag will increase the price 20%-50%. I appreciated her honesty: she seems to care about the quality of the work over the price, meaning if she thinks the item will fantastic with the cheaper option she won't recommend the Diamond to you.   All of the clothes look BRAND NEW. I am amazed at not only the friendly service and attention to detail paid to each item when I dropped off my clothes, but the quality of work here is fantastic. My sweaters look as if I just bought them a month ago. I could literally see the difference just by looking at the clothes through the bag. My boyfriend tried on his polos and said he noticed a difference.  I also love their automated valet system. It is only available for Diamond and Silver level items but I was able to pick-up my stuff after dinner last night to wear this weekend without have to make a separate trip like I usually have to with other dry cleaners.  Yes, this place is more expensive but I didn't find their pricing exorbitant. A Hugo Boss dress shirt with the Diamond level was $4. A Burberry tie with a stain was $7. You might pay $3+ more an item but the quality is so worth it, especially if you have designer labels. Those pieces are an investment so when you use a great dry cleaners your clothes will last longer and look great for months. If I had known the work here was so amazing -- and not been scared away by all these reviews of insane pricing -- I would have come here a long time ago. It's not like Z's charges $20 an item that elsewhere costs $4 or $6.
1 just like few other reviewers on here, I felt like the price is way too high.  $9 for pants, $ 22 for a suite, $ 7 for shirts.  My girlfriend went there to drop of some clother last month.  What  we were told before and after were two different story in pricing.  Same bait and switch story.  They actually gave me someone else's shirt and lost mine.  When I returned that shirt and asked for mine, they said they are looking for it and will get back to me.  Seven days and no one called back including owner.  because of thier location, I think they get away with this " we are too good for our customers" attitude.  Well I am a doctor and I will let everyone know about my experience.  I am still looking for my shirt that they lost.  STAY AWAY from this place, you will pay 10 times more and will be treated like crap.
5 took in a sundress to get altered, the seamstress was a kind, quick and efficient as can be.  the front desk staff was very sweet took the time to explain the 24 hour valet service (which is awesome) pick up the dress later that evening, using the 24hr valet at a very fair price. will be back.  (seamstress isn't there everyday so call for her hours)
5 This is better than the old dry cleaners I used to go to in SF.  Not only do they speak perfect English, they do a bangarang job with your suit!  My only question for dry cleaners in general--why don't they operate on Sundays?  You can make some serious cash from those who do everything on the 11th hour.
5 They are quick, efficient and do a great job. They have called to let me know material of clothing was not made to maintain the cleaning process well an different to not charge for those items, they have called to let me know items are ready early, they can get every stain out and are really nice.  They also discount for recycled hangers.
5 I wear a suit/tie every day. I'm not complaining - I actually like getting dressed up for work. But, with the outfit comes cleaning. I drop off a load of dress shirts and suits here once a week.  Occasionally I throw in a tie or two if I got a bit careless.  My clothes are always done on time. They are always cleaned and pressed to perfection, any stain I've thrown at them has come out, and they don't charge a fortune.  Add on top of that a friendly and helpful staff.   Can't go wrong!
5 I have nothing bad to say about this place. Everyone is friendly and they do a bang up job when it comes to dry cleaning, alteration (Sacha is an amazing seamstress....she can make old clothes look new!). Everything is always done in a timely manner and the place is kept well. They are on the (very) high side....but I'd rather put in the money and get it done right the first time.  I recommend Z Cleaners and will continue to patronize them
5 When you entrust Z Cleaners with your garments, you can have peace of mind knowing that they will be well taken care of. That's the Z Cleaners difference, in my opinion.  Let me give you a recent example. Late last week, I dropped off several garments that I recently found wadded up in a ball in a box during a recent move. They were expensive Hugo Boss dress shirts (and what they were doing in a box wadded up is beyond me). Upon discovering them, I knew exactly what to do with them. "Take them to Z Cleaners!" is what ran through my head. So that I did, knowing full well that if anyone could make my clothes look like new, it was Z Cleaners.   I picked up my clothes yesterday and, sure enough, they looked like I just bought them from a retailer. Not a detail was left out. But that's not surprising, as that's been my experience over the years.  As soon as you walk into Z Cleaners, you will feel a sense of "this is a dry cleaner that gets it." The employees always greet me with a smile. I always feel like I'm important and that my clothes are a priority.  You will not be disappointed with the quality of service. Z Cleaners is, in my opinion, the best dry cleaner in the Valley.
1 Rip off artists.  $10 a piece average, when the competition like Delia's is only $3.40-4.50.  Your literally paying 60% more for no reason.  I had 13 pieces and it cost me $125, and that was with a 15% discount.  That is unbelievable!  Their excuse is that they are in an upscale neighborhood, but in reality they are in an industrial park.  Their competitors are all more than 50% less expensive and are within a mile of this location.
