1 I had a terrible experience returning defective merchandise at this company.  I had purchased a pair of soccer shoes three weeks ago, used them 4 times.  The stitching started coming apart at the seam at the base of the tongue.  I brought the shoes back for another pair.  I spend 45 min trying on other shoes, as his store did not have an identical pair in my size.  The owner of the store did refund my money, but he berated me by saying that I had wasted his time and that he" knew" I was "trouble" when he sold me the shoes.  I had purchased two pairs of cleats, a ball, shinguards, and socks from this place, and brought my friend who bought shoes, socks and shinguards as well.  We spend over $300 at this man's store and he said I wasted his time?  Well, he did refund my money, but not before saying "Don't come back, I won't let you in the front door."    I certainly will never shop at this store again - I don't need to be berated and certainly I don't need to be treated like that from a store where I spend my money.
1 Owner is a TOTAL a-hole and needs to go out of business.   Wife bought a pair of indoor shoes and asked the clerk if she could return/exchange if they didn't feel right. He said yes, of course! After 10 min on turf she realized they were too big.    Now that clerk is nowhere to be found and the owner absolutely refused to exchange and yelled at her that they were "used" and he couldn't sell them again (there was no visible indication of wear other than the toe stuffing had been pulled out). He also refused to honor what the original clerk told her. He was totally unprofessional and obviously has no concept of customer service.  She went back a second time hoping to find the clerk that sold her the shoes, but again, got the owner (maybe he can no longer pay employees! yeah!) and got the same dress-down.  Don't give this jerk your money. His prices aren't even good but we thought a little more was worth it to support a local business. NO WAY. Save yourself a ton of headache and go somewhere else.  I hate giving bad reviews having been a small business owner but as you can see by other reviews mine was not a unique situation.  We tell everyone we play with to stay away. He doesn't deserve our or your money.
5 I shop here all the time. The merchandise is great and the store manager + employees are all friendly. Their cleats are always top of the line. Though not the best priced (you could find cheaper on the net), i always like to just go in there and try them out before i buy my cleats. But rest assured, they always have the newest stuff & my size. 11.5's are hard to find sometimes! seems like everyone is an 11.5 haha.   I don't have any idea of what BW below me is talking about. Of course, even if you take worn cleats to Sports Authority (or Costco!) they won't return it. Some people just don't know their limits when it comes to returns. They can't resell it, can they? So thats why when i'm buying cleats i always make sure to try them on at home before i take them to the field. Save yourself the headache and make sure of what you're buying!   And they've been around since as long as I can remember. So they're doing something right obviously. Just go there and see for yourself. Fair prices, new stuff thats hard to find, and i've never had a problem going there after all these years. It's hard not to give this place 5 stars. Keep up the good work guys.
