1 Terrible! Apparently Robert purchased Rosa's (in 2008 or prior) and is now the owner. I took in a BCBG formal gown to have the sides taken in, bra cups sewn in, a clasp fixed and the hem shortened less than an inch. The dress was purchased from Last Chance but was in PERFECT condition when I took it to him. The clasp was sewn in upside down, the sides were bunching and not smooth at all and the hem was completely crooked. One side of the dress was two inches shorter than the other side. He did not take ownership of his mistakes at all! Kept saying, "It's not my fault someone else sewed the hem crooked. I took an inch off all the way around." He did not pin the hem all the way around to make sure it would be even and he cut the excess material off so there was no way for it to be fixed. Awful! A gorgeous dress completely ruined for my brother's wedding. He said it would be done Monday and I called to ensure it was ready for pick up. He said, "I have a few more things to do on it." A few more things turned out to be everything. He had just started working on it and didn't even provide a courtesy call that it would be late. I tried it on the next day and found the horrible results. 10 days before the wedding and I now have to find a new dress which will most likely need alterations. I will not be going to Rosa's (Robert).
5 Robert is awesome, he did my wedding tux and all jeans! Perfect every time!!
5 Great job like always!!!  I been coming to Roberts shop  for over a year now and he is the best in fixing clothes! I'll  recomend this place to everyone, Rosa's alterations is the place for all your sewing needs!!!
5 Robert at Rosa's Alterations is the best tailor in town.  I am an extremely detail oriented and picky professional and I wear suits everyday and have to look good.  I have had Robert do at least 20 alterations for me - from suits to jeans and he is quick and is a step up from any other tailor in Scottsdale - I would highly recommend Rosa's Alterations to people who want the best.
5 Robert started my dress on Friday and it was completed by Monday! After a disappointing experience with another shop, I was lucky to find Rosa's! He helped me find a very cost effective solution and my wedding dress in now ready to go! I am beyond pleased!!!!
