5 This could be the best cleaner in all of arizona.  They can get any spot out.  I had a shirt that had a spot from a year ago they got it out. I had another shirt that a different cleaner gave back to me with a spot and they got it out.  really decent prices also.
5 Really nice older couple run this place, they provide next day service when I ask (no extra charge), have the lowest rates in the area, and they also fix buttons/stains for free.
4 This was the first time I used this cleaners. I needed same day service, which they provided, but the sign said they closed at 7PM. I got there and 7:30PM, and the man was very nice to help me. I got my clothes even though they were supposed to be closed, and I was a very happy customer.
2 They said shirts would be $2.50 at drop off. At pick up it was $5.00! Lady said it was because they were long sleeve shirts... Hmm.    Anyway, spots were still on shirts but they agreed to redo them. Went to pick up (2nd trip) and another customer was freaking out. They lost the pants to his suit and he had to be at an event in a couple hours..  Not good.
1 Awful. I had spilled something on a blazer and asked that they stain treat it. After looking over the jacket upon pick up their "stain remover" had left bleach marks all over the blazer and did NOT get rid of the stain. Would not recommend to anyone!
5 Dropped a shirt off yesterday morning and got same day service to pick it up after five.
2 I wanted to leave a good review but after having gone twice, I just can't despite the sweet couple that works there. I don't do a lot of dry cleaning but just as someone had mentioned it, and partly my fault, I went to another dry cleaner that wasn't able to get an ink stain out and thought I'd give them a try. I went on vacation and picked up the shirt two weeks later and was charged not $5 (which I find already very pricey for a shirt) but $5.50 as the owner asked if I could pay in cash and since I'm pretty much someone who never carries it, he asked if he could add 50 cents due to the "high card fees". I might have been in a good mood or something because I'm sure others wouldn't have been so kind when asked that. However...my thank you was a bitter one. Ever heard of "cost of doing business". You don't ask your customers to take on additional fees...if you want them to remain customers. Last time I'll be visiting them sadly.
