4 Recently had them come out to do a pre summer check on my A/C. Were very polite over the phone and in person. Will use next time :-)
5 Are you looking for a reputable, honest AC company?  Look no further than Hays.  Excellent service, honest technicians and an owner who cares about his customers.     When we realized it was time to replace our unit we got 4 quotes.  Hays quote was competitive and their labor and parts backed up by a warranty.  Chris (the owner) took his time measuring our home and answering our many questions.  Install was quick, painless and on time.  Not only did Chris follow up, but we received a thank you card a few days later.  I've recommended Hays to many friends and family without hesitation.  More companies should conduct business like Hays does.
5 If only all contractors could be like Hays...  *sigh*  My HVAC system, while I'm sure worked fabulously when it was installed in my home in 1992, had slowly become my little housing nightmare.  Like clockwork, it would crap out on Christmas Day, or July 4.  After spending too much money band-aiding it over a few years, it was time to replace the system.  I had Hays provide a quote, along with 2 other contractors.  I ended up selecting Hays, and besides going back to my natural hair color, it's been one of the best decisions of my life.  I was given a firm date and time for my install, and sure enough, the crew showed up on time, ready to work.  It was incredibly well orchestrated.  It's not like they arrived in waves, and stood around on the driveway, waiting for direction.  Every person who showed up knew exactly what to do, and set to work doing just that.  It was quite something to watch, actually.  8 hours later, I had a brand new HVAC system.  And, they even cleaned the floors.  lol  The owner, Chris, came towards the end of the install, and I thought that was a really nice touch.  How many owners actually bother to check on installs anymore?  I had my pool redone, and never saw anyone above the project manager.  So, it meant a lot.  Since the install was completed, I received a few initial follow-up calls from Hays to make sure everything was working fine, and I was happy.  The sales person came a week later to take heating/cooling measurements, to make sure the system was calibrated properly (!).  Better yet, since it's been about a year since the install, the girls in the office actually call me to set up my scheduled service appointments.  I don't remember these things, and if you miss your appointments, it voids your warranty, so I love that the employees stay on top of this for me.  The system itself works perfectly (nothing stops a Trane!  lol), and my bills are 25-30% less per month than what I paid with my old, tired system.    I couldn't be happier with the experience with Hays, and I have such peace of mind knowing I can rely on them in the future.
5 We used Hays for routine maintenance of our AC units. The technicians were on time, professional and knowledgeable. We were very satisfied with their service and will continue to use them in the future!
5 BEST experience ever!!!  Our daughter has been diagnosed as asthmatic and has been suffering from horrible allergies this last year, being hospitalized twice. Hays recommended having 2 air scrubbers installed due to dust, pollen and our cat (3 of the things out of so many that we have now found out she is most allergic to) and it has made such a HUGE difference!  The air quality is SO much better in our home and it smells SO CLEAN!! Thanks Hays!!!
5 Just as the Valley began to hit triple digits this year my a/c unit died. After speaking with other local companies I decided to go with Hays Cooling and Heating.  Best decision I ever made!  They were quick to respond and the technicians were knowledgeable, experienced and friendly.  I'm thrilled with my new a/c unit and would highly recommend Hays Cooling and Heating for any of your air-conditioning or heating needs.  Thanks Hays Cooling and Heating!
5 Part 2...Hays Cooling & Heating came out after I booted out the first company I called (search my name for my part 1 review). Mike came out and quickly realized that the ONLY thing that was needed to be changed was the capacitor. THE CAPACITOR, that's it. Oh and he also realized that some wires were fused together (fixed) when the capacitor burned out. I was so impressed with Mike's honesty that I signed up for their maintenance contract for 1yr on the spot. Even Mike said that he joined Hays because they are above board and do not expect the techs to sell but to fix (what a great concept)! Hays, you have a customer for life and with my big mouth, I will be extolling your virtues for many years to come. Thank you for cooling us off!!!
5 Called Hayes and talked to John around 3:30pm on a Saturday. He had Frank come over within the hour to check our a/c as it was blowing hot air upstairs. Turns out the capacitor were bad on both of our units. Frank was very professional and was able to explain what needed to be done. I would recommend Hayes to anyone who needs a/c work done. I was really satisfied and can't say enough about Frank.
