5 We have been bringing our dogs to Scottsdale Hills since we moved to the Valley about 4 years ago.  Dr. Besemer and Dr. Kieran are absolutely wonderful, as are all the vet techs here.    We have one dog who is extremely anxious with strangers, and they are always so gentle and patient with her.  We really appreciate the bedside manner everyone has with our dogs - it gives us peace of mind that our dogs feel comfortable with the scary vet!  We especially love Dr. Besemer - we can go 6-9 months between visits and he still remembers all the little things about our dogs including their quirks, favorite things, and their more memorable medical situations.  The facilities are very clean and their pricing is fantastic - you really get "Scottsdale" service for not-Scottsdale prices.  We have paid much much more for standard exams and vaccinations before when we lived elsewhere.  They are very forthcoming about their pricing; anything above and beyond a regular charge (i.e. office visit, vaccination costs) they will quote to you.  One of our dogs recently had surgery and we were floored by how inexpensive it was.    Lastly, and one of the most important things, is appointment times.  Their hours are great, and we can easily work vet appointments around our busy work schedules.  But even more, when there is an emergency, they will make sure and fit us in during hours and they have a great after-hours emergency service that they recommend (and Dr. Besemer's wife works there, which reassures you that you will get the best care possible in an emergency situation).  We recommend Scottsdale Hills to anyone we can!
5 I love Dr. Besemer, and it is very obvious that he loves the animals that he's treating. He listens to everything you have to say and gives you heartfelt, realistic advice. His prices are completely reasonable and his staff is excellent. We recently had to put a cat down under somewhat bizarre circumstances by an overnight emergency vet, and when we brought a different cat to Dr. Besemer I asked him to explain some things to me. We talked for almost 10 minutes and not once did I feel rushed or like I was bothering him, and he was genuinely concerned about what I was saying. I will never take one of our pets anywhere else as long as Dr. Besemer is in business!
5 Drs. Bessemer and Kieran are excellent and really care about your pet.  They listen to your concerns and you leave with all of your questions answered.  I am very happy with the service my 6 cats and 1 dog receive and highly recommend this practice.  The customer service is excellent and the doctor actually calls you personally following a procedure to see how your cat or dog is doing.  Four paws up!
5 Dr. Besemer,  Dr. Kieran, and their entire staff are truly amazing, compassionate animal caregivers.   When my two-year-old kitty became extremely ill during this past weekend, we were able to get him examined by Dr. Besemer on Sunday. At that point, we had no idea what the issue was, and all of the blood work and tests came back in the normal range (the doctor took the time to work him in between surgeries and sit down with us for an extremely thorough review of our kitty's test results and examination findings). We took the kitty home for the night with meds to ease his tummy issues, but the next morning it was quite apparent that the little guy was getting worse.   We took him back in (after calling the staff, who was very willing to get him in ASAP), and he got another thorough exam, this time by Dr. Kieran, as Dr. Besemer was booked in surgeries. All of the kitty's history had been communicated to Dr. Kieran, and she recommended x-rays. (It should be noted at this point that at every step we were given a complete write-up of treatment recommendations and their costs, the pros and cons of each, and given full control over what we thought was the correct thing to do based on all of the facts.) We chose to get the x-rays done, and about 10 minutes later, Dr. Kieran went over the entire picture with us and explaining what we were seeing. There was a suspicious-looking, but not blatantly apparent spot around the kitty's intestinal area. We were given the choice of getting an ultrasound or going in that afternoon for exploratory surgery. Again, both procedures, their associated risks, and costs (very reasonable financing terms are available) were immediately and thoroughly communicated to us. We chose surgery, and Dr. Kieran took him right in. We went home to wait for an update on our beloved kitty's condition. We were told how long to expect the surgery to last, and were told that we could call at any time for a status update. (Never once were we treated like a bother.)  Right around the time they had estimated, we were called by Dr. Kieran, who told us the surgery went well and they had removed an obstruction from our kitty's intestine. We were given a choice whether to pick him up and keep him overnight ourselves or keep him at the clinic for IV fluids and monitoring. (The clinic does not have 24-hour staff, but recommended 24 hour care nearby or what we could do to care for him ourselves throughout the night.) We chose to take him home and bring him back in early the next morning for an all-day stay to make sure he was well-hydrated and get him started eating again. They wrapped up the little catheter on his front paw so they did not have to stick him with another needle the next morning. They gave him all the medications he'd need in the evening before we left and in the morning after we brought him back, except for pain meds to keep him comfortable during the night. We were even able to see the object that was causing the obstruction, which ended up being a large hairball that had dried and hardened in the middle and lodged in there.   That night was rough sleep wise for me, but it was worth it to see my kitty making a speedy recovery. In the morning I dropped him off, and when I picked him up in the evening, the transformation was amazing. We were given after-care instructions, food, medication, and happily brought him home last night.    Dr. Kieran called this morning to see how the kitty was doing and answer any questions I had. He is making quite a speedy recovery, which is an incredible sight after how sick the little guy was.  I have been a cat owner all my life, and have rarely experienced the level of compassion and knowledge that the doctors and staff at Scottsdale Hills Animal Hospital provided. As long as I live in or around Phoenix, this is where I will be taking my pets from now on. They are true animal lovers, and it shows!
5 I have been to many vets over the years and I must say that Dr. Bessemer and Dr.Kieran are the BEST!  They both are so compassionate and truly care about your animal. They spend time with you and your animal without you feeling rushed!  The staff is great too, very friendly and helpful! An added plus is that they are open on the weekends!
5 I'm so lucky to have found this clinic years ago.  Dr. Besemer and Dr. Kieran have done a wonderful job nursing my parvo puppy back to health. The staff has been wonderful and accommodating, as I had to visit twice a day. The treatment options are always reviewed, medicines explained and received before leaving and they always do their best. My fur family will always come here when they need to feel better.
