4 So... I'm begrudgingly re-posting this review since someone was a big ol' crybaby about one of the words in it and flagged it for removal. I've masked the word in question for sensitive eyes, but if you're curious - it rhymed with bunt or punt, and in England it would've been perfectly acceptable.   To be honest, this review was pretty lame anyway. However, I liked this place and it didn't have another review. I no longer have the girlfriend in question - and in retrospect, I should've hooked up with the lady behind the counter.  ____________________________________________________  Maybe I just like this place because the lady that worked here was flirting with me and kept saying how cute I am.   I have no reason to go to a jewelry store - to be honest, I don't like the idea of diamonds and wouldn't want to support that industry. My mother bought me a watch here as a graduation gift (14 years belated) and I went in to register the warranty. They were all super nice to me and I didn't feel like an unwelcome smelly hobo vagrant off the street like I do at most jewelry stores where the snotty ****s working there look down their noses at me because I'm not wearing an Affliction/Diesel DB uniform.  I stopped in again today because my girlfriend was getting tint put on her car and we had some time to kill. We were helped right away with no pressure and it seriously felt like we were being welcomed into someone's home and asked to stay for dinner. If you're an uggo, I can't guarantee you'll have the same experience because I think this lady was into me (and right in front of my girlfriend).  Anyway - this place is great... they're all really nice here and they have a nice looking selection of expensive men's watches. As I say, I'm not really big on jewelry, so I couldn't say if they have the coolest stuff. It seems alright and I'm sure they could get you something custom if you wanted it. Also not sure about the prices... they seem to be pretty much retail, but I get the feeling they would cut a deal if you wanted to haggle a little. I guess the prices are what you would expect given the location.
4 Friendly service for being in North Scottsdale, with a good location near the Kierland Commons shopping area (but on the east side of the road).  Good selection of Rolex, Breitling, and more.  I'm not sure if the locking of the front door with a customer doorbell makes me feel any safer - on the one hand they can keep out the sketchy types, but on the other hand it makes me wonder if they have a problem with being robbed.
5 Great service + Great People + Great product = Great company.   Selection of watches - Best Breitling and Rolex dealer in Arizona. Fun to look at their selection of Patek Philippe.   Flexibility - I bought  a TW Steel, but wanted a rubber watch band on it.   Service - Only place I bring my watches and my wife's jewelry.   Did I mention coffee? While waiting for some rings to be cleaned, they offered us some of the best coffee we have had anywhere.   We've been shopping at Harma Jewelers for over 18 years and love it.
5 By far the best, most personable, and best service I've received from a jeweler.  Went in to look for a Mothers Day gift and came away with not only a beautiful ring set for my wife, but also great ideas for the rest of the years occasions.  They spent a great amount of time with me, with no pressure. It was difficult to not look for myself as Im a huge watch fan and they have an amazing selection of Rolex, Omega, Brietling, and my favorite Patek Phillipe. Ive been back twice already for some repairs, which they were more than happy to help.  Ill be back soon.
5 Paul Hamra and his staff have been fantastic. Extremely professional, friendly, courteous, and very competitive on their service and pricing.   They've serviced my Breitling at a better price and in faster time than what another major store (where I actually purchased it) quoted me. My fellow pilots from my squadron at Yuma also now take their watches to him (he insisted he give them a military discount without us even asking).   Also, he did some work for my Rolex at a very reasonable price....all the while being very responsive and friendly.   If you have a luxury watch and need any service, I highly recommend Hamra Jewelers.   They also have a pretty nice selection of new and estate watches.
5 Hamra Jewelers is definitely the finest jewelry store in Scottsdale.  The store creates a very friendly and welcoming environment, and all of the sales staff are very personable.  Thought they have countless other pieces of jewelry, I visit Hamra for the watches. Their selection of Rolex, Breitling, and Patek Phillipe is unbeatable.    I last visited Hamra with my father when he was getting his Rolex Day-Date 2 fitted.  While we were waiting, Rob Watkins showed us a few different watches.  Before we knew it, we ended up purchasing a rare new Stainless Steel Rolex Daytona.  Rob is everything you would want in a salesman: friendly, funny, knowledgeable, and not at all pushy.  If you are in the market for a new watch, you should visit Rob at Hamra, you won't be disappointed.
5 Thank you Rob and company for making my day today. Anyone looking for a Rolex, Patek or any other beautiful watch should look no further than Hamra. They have everything, are passionate and knowledgeable, and extraordinarily helpful. Very happy with my experience and Rolex purchase today.
5 Hamra is the single most beautiful jewelry store in the valley. Everyone in their staff that I've had the pleasure of meeting with was very nice, knowledgable and happy. The have an amazing selection of watches, too!
5 Terrific company! Hamra Jewelers has a great selection and the staff is awesome! Highly Recommend!
5 If you are looking for jewelry in Scottsdale I would highly recommend going to Hamra Jewelers!  They have a huge selection to choose from, and are very friendly and knowledgeable.
5 Was looking for a Rolex submariner, and was recommended to Hamra Jewelers by a family member. Their service is beyond professional, and Rob was helping me the whole time! No other jeweler would size a watch for me, unless I had paid for it. But Rob sized the watch for me, and it helps a lot being able to have the watch fit perfectly, so you get the perfect idea of whether you want it or not! Walked out, with a Rolex submariner, and was the most enjoyable experience . Rob takes care of his clients, he is extremely patient, and put up with my indecisiveness on about 20+ watches. Hamra is definitely the best jewelers I've been to, and they're definitely the most professional! Thanks Rob, and thank you Hamra Jewelers!
5 I took my wedding ring in to have the diamond reinforced in the setting. I really thought one of the prongs looked thin. To my total surprise and delight they told me the work did not need to be done!  There was no charge for the jeweler looking at my ring and I was told to bring it back next year and they would check it again! Amazing service! The staff was friendly and so helpful. I would go back for any jewelry needs.
