5 I saw Dr. Bassett after terrible experiences with other dentists.  Although I initially wanted her to fix the cosmetic issues with my smile, she was most interested in my general health and well being.  She referred me to 3 other dental specialists (periodontist, endodontist and surgeon) before she would made a buck off me.  She was clearly focused on my best interests.   I had a very challenging case with gum, implant, wisdom tooth and cosmetic issues.  She didn't try fix it all herself which other dentists before her did unsuccessfully.  She is top-notch and would confidently recommend her to anyone that wants to solve dental issues right the first time around.  She may cost more than your average dentist, but it's definitely worth it in the long run.  She is fantastic!
1 Dr. Bassett is more a legend in her own mind.  Her veneers may look good initially, but are not functional.  She does too much "prep" and you look like someone from Appalachia when your veneer inevitably pops off.  Then, she will be upset with YOU for spoiling her work and CHARGE YOU for resetting your tooth.   Save your money and your smile--don't go here.
5 In Phoenix Magazine's Top Dentists issue, Dr. Bassett was the top vote-getter among her peers in the cosmetic dentist category, and was on the cover of the magazine. My wife was referred to Dr. Bassett by the top oral surgeon in Phoenix, who is also a patient. My wife, my daughter, and I have been seeing Dr. Bassett for several years now, and have always been happy with her work. She has called us after every single visit (not counting teeth cleanings) to make sure we were doing OK! She's a researcher, too, who has authored numerous academic papers and who teaches dental students in her office. You can't find a better dentist than Dr. Bassett in the Phoenix area.
1 Dr. Bassett charges to reset crowns that fail in 3 years, and doesn't appear to think that is unusual. Most dentists I've spoken with since leaving her practice guarantee crowns for at least 5 years. If you can afford her emergency fees plus the cost of replacing your crowns ($2000 a tooth) every few years, plus deal with her attitude, you will be very happy with this dentist.
