5 What do I like about this place?  WYSIWYG.  (All you techie geeks out there know what it means, but for those of you who do not know what it means, it is an acronym for "What You See Is What You Get.")  For those of you who know me, you know that I appreciate and love places with no pretense.  Want proof?  Visit her on her "in office day."  Seriously, Dr. Krista is passionate about animals and her practice.  So passionate, in fact, that she is easily drawn into hot debate!  And who else, other than someone who is passionate about her work, would you want to examine your favorite member of the family?
5 When traveling through Scottsdale, there's one vet I would trust with my pets - Dr. Krista Gibson. I know I should write some cute anecdote about how great she is, but I think the word "trust" says it all.   Plus she went to the University of Wisconsin - go Badgers!
5 We've had nothing but the best care from Dr. Gibson. We're able to get in quickly to see her whenever our terrier gets into something. She's professional yet relaxed, and doesn't talk down to us, and takes very practical approaches to solving problems. I heartily recommend her services for your furry friends.
5 We just rescued our dog two weeks ago. On the referral of a friend, we took our new family member to meet Dr. Krista at AMS.  The whole staff was amazingly warm and generous of their time,  our appointment was met ahead of schedule, all of our questions were thoughtfully answered (even the paranoid ones) with respect and great information.  The Doctor recommended a great meal plan for our underweight dog, explained proper care taking techniques, and offered thoughtful insights.  I never felt like I was being sold anything, rather like the staff was treating my dog like they would their own,  Best vet experience to date.
5 I just adopted a little rescue dog, and I took her to another vet prior to Dr. Krista, and all I can say is what a nice change. Dr. Krista really cares about her animals that she treats, and it shows. She called me after our first visit to see how my dog's kennel cough was, and it is very clear that she cares. She also is not a vet who pushes hard in terms of trying to make a buck, and she is very ethical. It is a nice change from Banfield and similar, and she has a great personal touch. Thanks again and highly recommended. A+++
