4 Truth be known I secretly want to dislike the Kierland Golf Club but I can't. I have been playing this golf course for quite a few years and I remember what the course was like before the Resort Hotel was built.  I remember this great 27 hole layout and the friendly staff who worked there.  It was a little gem in the heart of Scottsdale.    Then the Westin Hotel was constructed and everything changed.  The prices went up, The course became much more difficult to get a tee time at, and the staff seemed to look at local players as a bit of a minority. Catering exclusively to the high rolling hotel guests and their expense accounts.    But for some reason I seem to play pretty well there.  The course sets up well for me and some of my lowest scores in years have been tallied there.  So I keep coming back. And then I realize it.  The course has benefited from the hotel being there.  The course is always, always in excellent condition.  The 27-hole layout is both challenging without being obnoxious in difficulty.  The staff and service is good and I love the practice facility.  It can be expensive but it's worth it.  This Scott MIller design was always a good course but you though a decent agronomy budget behind it and it's a great course.  The greens never have a mark on them. The Acacia nine is a great test of golf and where else can you find Johnny Walker Blue Label Scotch on the beverage cart?  If  you get a chance to play it you will not be disappointed.
4 Played there again this past weekend.  The greens are in fantastic shape right now.  I have never seen greens in June look like this.
5 I really enjoyed my round of golf at Kierland. The course is managed by Troon Golf, and if you've read my past reviews - you'd know I have a big boner for Troon courses.  I played in a twosome with a nice old dude, and we were the first group out. After hitting free balls at their range, we teed off and headed out.  Kierland is a 27-hole course. We played Mesquite and Ironwood, we did not play Acacia. Being a twosome, and first out allowed us to zip through our round Ina ridiculous 2:35.  I really enjoyed the course, it was in fantastic shape and was challenging but also fair. There are plenty of water hazards, and well placed bunkers to give you trouble.   Kierland is in line with other Troon courses. I definitely recommend it to golfers of all ability. Their four tee boxes make it very user friendly. I also enjoyed a great round and finished with an 84.  My lone complaint is that the gear in the Pro Shop is incredibly overpriced. $99 for shirts? $65 for a flag? Come on...
5 Played here last week and really enjoyed it.  Beautiful course in outstanding condition.  Great facilities and great service.  People were really nice.  Course presents a lot of good challenges.  Signature hole is #18 and it is beautiful with water along the left, narrow par 5 downhill, looking into the Westin Hotel.  Great course and experience.  Will play there again.
5 Very impressed with this course! Impeccable everything on the course from tee box to greens. I shoot about 100 and this course was very forgiving with its hugely sloped shoulders on each side of the fairway to channel all the stray drives back into play.   It definitely was playable like a resort course but was by no means boring. The price is pretty steep which is good and bad. Good because it keeps the course fairly quiet and not too crowded. One downside is that there are a lot of old, slow players. We were on pace for about a 5 hour round and decided to skip hole nine and pass the foursome holding us up....Glad we did considering we ended up finishing in 3 hours and didn't see anyone on the entire back nine!   I'll definitely be coming back here since I got a Troon card and it's well worth the $70 greens fees. I recommend you check this course out at least once! The view from Arcacia #9 makes it all worth it.
5 Very impressed with the service of this place and quality of the course.  The course and the greens are in great shape.  I am rating this on having a 4 year old that wanted to go out and play golf.  Most places of this high quality would never allow a young one to go out.  But after 3pm they do and the kid had free rental clubs which was nice.  They did everything to make sure we are away from other people and not pushed.  My son and I had a great time because of the level of service to make us feel welcomed.
5 Let me tell you about a great experience I had at Kierland Golf.   Yes, the course is beautiful and so well maintained, but I had a free afternoon, but not enough time for a round of golf, and instead of the usual resort spa experience like a massage, I decided to see the golf pro for a lesson.  In one hour, the pro with the aid an I Pad app,  was able to set me on a path to correct a serious swing flaw that I knew had to be present but I couldn't detect on my own.  He gave me two great and easy drills to get me hitting the ball straighter and longer.  So, if you visit the Kierland, be sure to get some great instruction from Heath.  Now I need to practice :-)
5 The only knock I have on this course is that it is a bit pricey (which is a common complain of mine). But overall this was a great course and a great experience.  We played in late December so there was a frost delay but once we got off it was sunny and not very cold. The group in front of us was playing a bit slow from the outset and by the third hole the ranger was on them to speed up (which they did).  Course is playable for many skill levels. My group played the tips and are above average golfers and we enjoyed our experience a lot. It was not an overly challenging course but still required skill. Very professionally run course with 3 separate nines (we played Ironhead and Acacia).   Course was in good shape and greens rolled true. Only additional complaint would be that the restaurant was under construction and not open for another month or so and when we went to the only other shop which had food they were out of some different beers and other items (which they had on display and made it seem like they did have them available).  I would return.
4 This is a fantastic golf course.  It's not too long for the average golfer, which is how I'd classify myself.  The condition of the golf course is always immaculate.  The greenskeepers do a great job here. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kierland-golf-club-scottsdale?select=O0LEreFx4_qBZIWu7_5qjA#dV5KaQbuHa-95NgZ5H8OnA http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kierland-golf-club-scottsdale?select=O0LEreFx4_qBZIWu7_5qjA#6wXa0mNTcTRxqMqBYYd4tA http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kierland-golf-club-scottsdale?select=O0LEreFx4_qBZIWu7_5qjA#lIbXwIFQOdgkugU_ulCxVA  I look forward to playing this course very soon!  Return Factor - 90%
5 Fantastic golf course with amazing facilities and attention to detail! The option to play two of the three 9hole courses to complete our 18holes was nice! Perfectly maintained course with moderate to fast greens and consistent rough outside of the fairway! Every member of the staff here will go out of their way to help any way they can. Great experience!
5 Great time on the course last weekend. Love the summer prices and getting out early allowed us to get around before it got too hot. This course is very forgiving. I don't manage to hit the ball straight off the tee all too often but on this course you usually don't end up in rough shape.  They did have air conditioned carts but my buddy and I felt like sissies turning it on.  Course was in great shape and the greens were quick but fair. I really have nothing bad to say except that the club house is hard to find if you have never been there. It's not at the resort. It's one light west hidden in the villas/condos. A few more signs would be helpful.   Plan on returning soon!
