4 I recently purchased two pairs of sunglasses from this manufacturer at a boutique in Florida. When one of the sunglasses broke the day after purchased them and the day I flew back to AZ, I very concerned since I didn't have a way to return to the store I purchased them in. Lucky for me, the home office is located in north Scottsdale so I contacted them through their website to determine my options.   Within a few days, I received a response from Karon who let me know that she would be able to help me. She kept me informed while she gathered information to exchange the broken glasses for an identical pair. She was also flexible with her schedule to facilitate the exchange. I really appreciated how helpful they were especially given the location was not a walk-in store. Not once did I receive any type of push back for the return.
5 We contacted the director of sales support, Colleen Knoll, on a Monday with a request to find a local vendor for one of their products.  Two days later we received an email from her telling us that she had found and contacted a local vendor, making arrangements for the product we wanted to be shipped with their next order.  This service went above and beyond what was expected.  We would definitely recommend this company for both its incredible service and fine product at affordable prices.
5 I'm that guy who will "tell it as it is".  Good or bad.  I think it's important to write this review to give my perspective on Desert Sunglass of Scottsdale. (I'm glad they are listed on Yelp)    Simply, I lost a pair of reading glasses bought in Atlanta.  And unfortunately, they were my favorite pair, and have never seen them sold at any place before.  The hotel told me that they get them from Desert Sunglass!  Wow!  Lucky me!  I was shocked that this hotel (in Atalnta) buy from a distributor in my back-yard.  So, I call Colleen at Desert Sunglass to ask her if she can help me replace my reading glasses.  Of course, they were lost, and I didn't have a model number..and Desert Sunglass has a selection of thousands to choose from.   Colleen asked for me to describe them, but i didn't do a great job.  Then she asked if i happen to have (another pair that is similar that I could take a photo of, and send her, she would try to narrow it down.)  Well, I did that...and she did her research.  After a short time, she found the glasses i was looking for, as well as others that I liked.  Because they dont sell to the public, she found a customer that she sells, and sent them to this place for me to purchase.  The reason I am taking the time to write this review is because Colleen took the time to communicate, and make sure I was satisfied.  All for one pair of $20.00 reading glasses.  I mean really.  THAT is customer service at its best.
5 Desert Sunglasses - what can I say but WOW . . . . .. I lease out a space in a local store.  Based on the demographics of the area, especially the age range that shops that area, I decided that I was going to carry eyewear, specifically readers.  Being a total neophyte at this, I didn't have a clue.  I didn't know about what strengths I should offer or the styles.  I was brand new without a clue.  When someone told me about Desert Sunglasses, I went on their website and took a look at their selection.  I tried to determine on my own what would sell as far as style and strength.  I remember talking to Colleen Knoll and telling her what my plans were for my new space.  I had selected specific styles and strengths.  Colleen had told me that they were very familiar with the demographics of the areas they service and that people usually just let them pick the strengths and the styles.  I wanted to have control over this.  And my first few orders, I did request certain styles.  Finally, I  decided to trust Desert Sunglasses and said Carte Blanche.  They are right on the money.  They always send me an awesome selection that always sell through.  I have total confidence in Desert Sunglasses.  They make my life easy.  I just call them and say, "I need more readers," and I give them a dollar amount I want to work with and they select the readers, sunglass readers and sunglasses and send them to me like in a day or two.  I cannot say enough wonderful things about the service and attention to detail and pleasantness I always encounter with Colleen and the other great staff.  I cannot sing their praises loud enough!! Desert Sunglasses has got it going on!  I love doing business with them.
