3 Pretty small, not very good selection, a tad creepy.   I'll stick to the 99 cents store on Tatum.  They do have one good thing going for them. Huge party necessities selection. Colored cups, plates, napkins, streamers, and party favors. Also have a great balloon department! Perfect way to surprise a co worker or friend with some cute birthday balloons for super cheap.
4 good place for party supplies and special occasion balloons
2 This store always looks like a bomb went off. Every time I visit this location it is unorganized, messy, and it smells weird. The messiness makes it very difficult to find things, which can be really frustrating.
3 It's a dollar store, what do you expect?  Everything you ever need in your everyday life is no more than $1.  Other than that, they do have fast check-out service.  They however only accept visa and mastercard.
3 Normal Dollar Tree but I have to agree with the other reviewer that said it has a funny smell to it. They always seem to have fun seasonal items and it's easy to decorate an office desk for cheap here. I have never bought the food items so I can't speak for those things but on the whole you'll almost always find something to buy here - whether you intended to or not.  Overall: B Smaller than some Dollar Tree locations, but still easy to find things!
4 They do up to $50 cash back here, that's unexpected.  This was orig a tip but YELP wants me to review so based on that fact alone 4 stars.  On top of that if you need anything in a pinch like for travel or something its always a good place to go.  Plus you can get balloons here, who doesn't love balloons.  Price range here is literally one dollar sign #JOKES
3 It's a Dollar Tree, so I really didn't have high expectations going in, and I'm wasn't overly disappointed.  It's loosely organized, mostly stocked, and staff are rare except to check out.  Not a big selection of items, but again it's a Dollar Store, not Target or Walgreens.  I don't typically shop here, and just went in with my wife looking for a particular item (large nail clippers), which they didn't have in stock at the time.  I do appreciate that they actually stick to the $1 price tag, versus other "dollar" stores that do not.
