4 I love this Gym, its where I got my passion for health. Its quiet and only old people work out there. The membership is cheap and the trainers are very knowledged
5 It seems like most gyms get more crowded and more expensive every day, but this quaint little neighborhood gym just keeps on going.  You see the same familiar faces every day, and the same snowbirds coming back year after year.  Great people, the BEST class instructors and very capable personal trainers.  Never very busy no matter what time you go which amazes me because the membership cost is CHEAP.  No frills but everything you need from a gym.  Check it out!
2 This gym...is...not exactly ideal.  I would give the place 4 stars just rating the trainers, BUT, all things considered, it's more like 2 stars.  Here's why:  The facility. It's so-so. The GM/Owner (?) boasts that he's having everything renovated in a couple weeks: flat screens, rubber floors, the facility next door actually being conjoined to create one space...however wonderful this might be, it's going to disturb the flow of senior citizens and regulars--something I will return to 24 Hour Fitness to avoid.   I received a free fitness evaluation by a personal trainer when I received my membership and I thought it was really helpful!  Wes is extremely knowledgeable and energetic, and he showed me several new exercises and he taught me how to use a foam roller properly.    The equipment is standard. Nothing special; however, there is some pretty nice equipment in the new space next door, but classes for a Tai Kwon Do academy often occupy that space.    There's only one Gauntlet/Stairmaster. As one of the best pieces of cardio equipment you can find, this is inadequate. I looked around to find a bottle of disinfectant to wipe off the machine; I wandered the place for a bit and couldn't find a single bottle. Oh, but there's hand sanitizer galore!  I cringe when I grasp any piece of equipment in the place.   And then, there's the Saturday exercise classes that change instructors every week. The first time I went it was fun. Not a really challenging workout, but amusing nonetheless.   And then, because I had brought a friend to the class, the DM appeared to pitch his gym to my innocent buddy. I'm still confused on the terms of his membership; he put my friend in the computer and didn't charge him--they'll "figure it out later". Okay....  And then today, as I was walking out of the locker room three trainers cornered me, begging me to sign up for this Saturday's class.  I had to say "no" four times and give an elaborate excuse before I was released.   Maybe I'm picky, or maybe I don't enjoy seniors oogling at me during my workout.  It's nice because it's right next to my office, but I still prefer 24 Hour Fitness compared to this.
4 I had only been to this gym a handful of times, and I can say that it's not bad!   It's not the mega-gym and full of douche that the typical Scottsdale fitness facility will have, like, say LA Fitness or 24-Hour, but the gym has everything you need: cardio, weights, classes, etc.  My first experience was a visit for a class, and it wasn't as challenging as I would have hoped, but that's ok. I can always do my own thing in the gym. The owner seemed quirky, but rather friendly.  Then, I started work next door and got a free membership here. I had a chance to visit a handful of times before I got the hell out of Dodge, and the gym went through some nice upgrades.   It's a little far from where I used to live in Scottsdale, so that is why I didn't pursue a membership here, but if I lived in this area, Fitness Experience would've been decent spot for me to get my swoll on.
1 This gym is very outdated with horrible customer service.  The machine's such as the treadmills, elliptical machines, etc are VERY old.  They gym was moderately clean at best.  None of the staff seem to be on the same page when it comes to signing new members up.  With all the public gyms choices out there this is one I would never recommend to anyone!!
5 I started working out at Fitness Experience in April 2013. I had no clue what I was doing. I finally gave in, and got a personal trainer. I was setup with Sunny, who is a great trainer. He listened to my past experience, talked about my goals, and began my workout transformation.   I love every single day I am at the gym. It's become my way of life, a pure addiction. I do at times want to crash on the floor, but Sunny pushes me through.   You are going to live your life like you've never imagined! You'll be able to do things you never thought you would ever be able to do. You'll find your desires change from a Saturday spent in front of the TV to mountain bike riding and hiking and adventure races and exploring. You'll live longer, you'll be happier with yourself and your life, and you won't succumb to the "ravages of old age" that everyone says are "inevitable" when you get old. With the programming and the community there to push you and encourage you, you can do whatever you want. It's a really cool way to live your life.  Come check out Fitness Experience. Everyone is very friendly, and the trainers are very knowledgable.
5 Great place for both individual and group workouts.
5 It's been 3 months since my last review on yelp, and having Sunny (Sundance) as my trainer, so I figured it's time to update my last review.   I started my body transformation at 224 pounds, and 34% body fat. I was overweight, and the typical lazy guy, who just wanted to relax on my sofa after work and do nothing (not even think) on the weekends. I'm now at 180 lbs, and 19% body fat.    When I started the program, I really didn't know what to expect but I knew I needed some change. I knew I couldn't see the changes I wanted over night, but I had reached rock bottom. I feel healthy again and rediscovered my passion for a healthy lifestyle. The program reminded me that healthy living is not dieting, it's a lifestyle change.  Now, all I think about is working out. I sit at work, catching myself not paying attention, because I cannot wait to get to the gym. Not only have we transformed my body, also my mind. With the support and training of Sunny, I now push myself to do workouts I never imagined myself doing. I have muscle on my body I never had, such a great feeling. I just renewed with him for another 3 months.   Need motivation to get in shape or just a new workout routine?  Come see Sunny! He has a very positive attitude and is very encouraging. He will concentrate on every aspect of your fitness needs. I definitely recommend Fitness Experience for young or old, newbie or veteran trainees; it's a great way to start getting in shape! - Enjoy!  Glen, Brittney, Laura, Sunny, and the rest of the trainers are simply the best! THANK YOU!  Stay tuned for another 3 month update....
4 I love this gym, especially the training staff.  The classes run by the fitness trainers are excellent, the Zumba classes are fun and very challenging.  This is a smaller gym which offers a friendly atmosphere and is maintained in good condition.  My trainers are Glen and Brittany, but Sunny, Laura and Bruno are wonderful too.  I refer all my friends to check this place out.  The only downside is space for the classes, the classes run by the training staff are so popular there's no room for last minute decisions to join the class.  Maybe they will find a way to expand that area.  My daughter is in her early 20's and works out here too, there are many people in the 20-55 age group when I go, so the previous reviewer must have gone when they offer a silver sneaker class.  The club offers something for all age groups and everyone feels at home.  On a positive note, I feel stronger, healthier and more fit since working with a trainer.  I highly recommend adding one personal session with a trainer or share a session with a friend, it is highly motivational.
5 I just wrote a review and it got lost in Yelp, so here we go again...  I belonged to 24Hr Fitness and enjoyed it.  But during the several years I was there, I was never introduced to a trainer, after the sale of the subscription, and the one employee I did meet was transferred within weeks of my starting.    About a year ago, my wife and I joined Fitness Experience.  I wasn't terribly taken with the exterior appearance or the first impression of the gym and equipment, although the gym and equipment were more than adequate.    The clincher is the staff.  Brian (owner) has somehow assembled an awesome group of professional trainers who are competent, friendly, focused on the individual client (although they will go out of their way to offer momentary help to any customer, even if conducting a training session), and engaging as people.  They have an incredible work ethic and, yet, are fun to be around.   Glen, the lead trainer, is an amazing instructor of the training staff and you feel confident just having him around.  His fiance, Brittany, leads a group workout class we attend that is both physically challenging and delightfully family-like.  Laura and Sundance are thoughtful and unassuming topflight trainers who adjust well to the needs of the clients they are serving.  You couldn't find a nicer group of training professionals in any gym.    Ali and Summer, at the front desk, are always ready to greet you and to wish you well as you leave the gym.  In short, Fitness Experience is the "Cheers" of gyms for me.  Grateful patron.
5 Fitness Experience is great!  The trainers are very knowledgeable and always willing to answer any questions I have.  My personal training sessions have really brought my workouts to the next level.  I get a program specifically designed for me, follow it for a bit, and then when I'm ready for a new challenge I meet with my trainer, Sunny, for another program.    The gym is not over crowded like some of the big chain gyms that I've been too.  I can always get on the equipment that I want.  It's a small enough size that you get to know the trainers and other members on a first name basis, but it's big enough to have all the equipment you need.
5 I have been to 24 Hour Fitness and Mountainside Fitness and I would rather go to a  smaller, friendlier gym (that costs less money) any day of the week. The trainers I have worked with are super friendly and very knowledgeable. I go home after each workout more sore than a whole week's worth of working out on my own. There's actually been two sessions I haven't even been able to finish the whole hour. I'm not even that out of shape, they're just tough!  To the person who said the gym smells like sweat, I'm not quite sure what to say. I think I would throw up if it smelled like flowers or anything else but people working out in there.
5 I have been going to Fitness Experience for over three years and have been immensely satisfied with all facets of this gym. The staff is extraordinarily knowledgeable and friendly. Glen (the General Manager) has worked with me directly, creating new, challenging programs tailor-made to my abilities and goals, and I've been more than satisfied with the results- so much so that I have recommended the gym to friends and colleagues. All the other strength and health coaches are great too, and, even though I work directly with Glen, the whole crew is always ready to help and provide advice, assistance, and encouragement as needed. There's more than enough equipment to support any routine and it's all in great shape and well-maintained. A major plus is that the gym is not overcrowded and, even more than that, the clientele is exceptionally friendly and easy going. Ultimately Brian (the owner) has managed to create an environment with a home-like feel that I have not encountered in other fitness clubs, and this really sets Fitness Experience apart from all the rest.
