3 We ordered the "fondue for 2"....it was WAYYYYY too much food.  and i hate wasting food especially if i cant take it home.  Come on a double date, this place isnt as romantic as you'd think it would be anyway...lots of families there.  The atmosphere feels like a steakhouse too.  I have since bought a fondue set of my own and we do it at home often.  Way more fun (and easier on the wallet).
3 "It's a chain. It's fondue. BUT perfect for the right occasion. I would give it 4 stars for groups or first dates. You get to cook your food so it is interactive giving you something other than your nerves to focus on. Pretty pricey however."
4 Great place for a very leisurely dinner. Seriously, it's gonna take 3 hours so I hope you like who you're with!!   NOT GOOD FOR FIRST DATES.   When I'm there I usually get the dinner for 2 with whoever i'm with - cheese fondue, salad & meat courses. Then we're STUFFED with no room for dessert. Here are a few alternatives I've found:  1. Go in and order individual dinners, not the dinner for 2 thing. This way you each get a meat course (I think it comes w/ salad too)  and then you will have room for dessert.   2. Go in JUST for dessert. (This is my favorite thing to do with my sister - it's great girl time!) Have a very light dinner at home or wherever and then you can sit and eat chocolate fondue yumminess and drink good coffee. (They have great coffee). I also highly recommend the espresso martini.
3 For the price you're better off buying a fondue pot and doing this at home... plus it can be much more romantic.  I'm never a big fan of chains, and although this one manages to gain points from the atmosphere standpoint, the prices just don't justify food that any novice can make.  If money is no object and you want someone to serve you, there isn't anything "bad" about Melting Pot.
3 This place brings out strong feelings among some of my friends.   My opinion?  It's fun, and kinda gives me a "I brought sexy back" feeling because I hosted fondue parties in high school for my friends.  Back then no one understood fondue.  Now they pay big $ for it.  I was fondue before fondue was cool.  But anyhow.....  One friend believes that this is the most fun EVER.  She loves this place like almost nothing else as a place to have a girls night.    Another friend thinks it's ok, but unless you get one of the tables with the pot inside of it, it's not so great.    My lactose intolerant but cheese loving friend thinks it's the devil.  She blames it for having an entire cheese course in front of her for 20 minutes so of course she had to eat it.  And as someone who carpooled with her on that occasion, I agreed.  And yet another friend thinks it's the biggest rip off she's ever seen.  I think it went something like this: Her: So, they are giving you cut up veggies and stuff and you dip it into melted cheese?  Are they special veggies, or just what you could get at the store? Me: Um, just normal. Her: And they bring out raw meat for you to cook yourself? Me: Um, yea... Her: And if you forget which thing touched the raw meat and you end up putting that in your mouth it's not their fault if you die because they told you to be careful? Me: I guess Her: And this costs how much???  And it was at that point that she and I were on the same page.  So it can be fun, or evil or both (especially the chocolate course!  OH YEA!!!) but in the end there is a part of you that wonders why you paid all the money and did almost all the work.  And for a 3 course meal, you could be there 2 hours easily.  Fine if the date is going good, or you are w/ good friends, but not a good place for those "how soon will this be over" kind of dates...
5 I love the Melting Pot.  Its not somewhere I'd go daily or anything but once in a relationship (or once every 6 months to a year, whichever comes first) I do enjoy being taken there.    I like going to the Melting Pot on a date as opposed to with a group because its much more intimate to feed just one person a chocolate dipped strawberry than it is to try to feed 10.  Sticks cross and that can just be uncomfortable.    Make reservations always as it tends to get busy, as request a private table where you are separated from the rest of the restaurant by a curtain for a more intimate vibe.  No one needs to see what you're doing back there with cheese and marshmallows (not in the same course) and whatnot.    I like the fondue for two, which includes 3 courses and a salad I believe, but come hungry because its a ton of food.  The wine selection is good and drinks are typically pretty strong.  Prices are higher than other places but for the ambiance and uniqueness of the food, and the quality of service, etc, I think its just about right for a special night out.
5 Dessert is my absolute favorite and I'd have it first every time if I weren't with people who like to do things "the normal way".     If you are gonna do the Melting Pot, do it right! Go all out and don't look at the bill! This isn't a place for cheap-o's.    If you are in a hurry, this also isn't the place for you.  Expect at least two hours here!  If you expect your food to be served cooked, you are in for a treat!  You cook your own food here, hence the "Fondu" part.   I've been to the one in Scottsdale and they even offer "private booths" with little curtains so you can't see the naughty things people do with fondu! In any case, you will need reservations, this place fills up fast!  Beginners:  You get to your table and you are presented with an crazy menu.  First order the type of cheese fondu you want.  Then you order your salads, your main entree (if you bring a guy, order extra and LET HIM KNOW you cook your own food here). It can take a while, so order an appetizer or something because you can get hungry waiting.  The meets and veggies are cut skewer size so it cooks pretty fast.  Cheese Fondu: I suggest the Spinach Artichoke Cheese Cooking Fondu: The Coq Au Vin Dessert:- I'm biased because I get the same one everytime - Chocolate S'mores. I'd lick that damn fondu pot like licking is going outta style!  Old timers: You know the drill - have you tried theBIg Night Out?  Its probably the best deal around.  The questionable:  The wait time in between courses and then waiting to eat my courses.  I guess that's the whole point. Savor, right? I think the meat portions could be more generous, but that could be me being a porker.  Bottom Line:  GET DESSERT. GET DESSERT. GET DESSERT!
4 Last night I went to The Melting Pot with three girlfriends for a special "Girls' Night Out" event that they marketed. There was a set menu, and the price was $29 per person with a few options for $5 martinis. If you wanted a drink that wasn't on the set menu, you paid extra.   When we arrived, we were greeted outside by two very bronzed girls who were promoting Planet Beach tanning salon. They gave us as many samples as we could carry (for those of us who wanted tanning lotions and such) and had a entry form for a free month of tanning.  We had reservations for 6:15, so we were seated promptly. Our waiter, Cody, came over to introduce himself and explain how things were working that evening. When we asked about the other activities outside (we had seen girls getting paraffin dips and hand massages and eyebrow waxing in the courtyard), Cody told us that we could participate after dinner. Angela, our friend who made the reservation said when she called they told her we could get those services until 10 PM. So, we relaxed.  We ordered our cheese and cooking options and then some drinks. The drinks took forever to arrive. Seriously. We had almost completely finished our cheese fondue by the time the drinks arrived.   The cheese option we selected was a spinach and artichoke white cheese concoction that was delicious. But isn't anything with cheese delicious? :-)  There were several times when we complained (to ourselves) about our lack of drinks. Later, when one of our friends said she would want to order another martini in about 5 minutes, our waiter said, "I should probably go put it in now, though, considering how backed up they are." We thought, 'Oh wow, they are really busy with this promotion.' Turns out they had no glasses. In fact, the Ahwatukee location had to run over glasses for Scottsdale. I thought it very odd that the restaurant would advertise a big Girls' Night Out event and not be prepared for ladies wanting drinks. Oh well.   We choose the basic bouillion cooking style, and our plates contained sirloin, filet, chicken, shrimp, butternut squash ravioli, and an assortment of veggies. It was a ton of food! We were not expecting to get so much at the discounted price.   Our chocolate fondue choices were limited to milk, dark or white. Three of us were up for dark and one wanted white, so Cody was nice enough to bring her a little bowl of white chocolate. We had a ton of dessert .... And it was delicious.  Meanwhile, a woman from Mary Kay came over carrying a basket of what looked like presents. She asked us if we had heard about the drawing yet, and we said no. She said, "OK, well, I'll just leave these entry forms here with you." And, she did. But, she never told us what the drawing was for .... and she never returned. She asked us "Does anyone have any Mary Kay products in their purse." One of my friends did, and she got "a prize" - one of the presents. Then she asked us, "Does anyone have any lipstick at all." We all did. We all got "presents." Our present was a bag of marketing materials, which was kind of a let down.   Next, the bill. This got a little weird because there were additional charges on our bill that didn't make sense to us. We paid with three credit cards, and all I know is I was charged $6 more than I should have been, and my friends who had either higher priced drinks or multiple drinks paid less. We asked the waiter about some of the charges, and apparently one of the drinks ordered was not on the set menu and was therefore extra. Though, we had asked about making an adjustment and he never said it would be more.   We excitedly went to the courtyard for our treatments and discovered that everyone was either gone or was cleaning up! And it was still early! That was a bummer ....  So, overall, the food was great, and it was so nice to connect with friends over a leisurely dinner. The price was perfect - about $40 a person when you consider drinks and tip - and if they do another such event, I will go again, but try to arrive early to make the most of the activities.
3 Let me say first off, that I'm a cheese lover. Daughter of tried and true New England types, there aint nothin' better than extra sharp Vermont cheddar or my Swiss brother in law's homemade fondue. So when my now-unfortunate ex and I got pregnant 3 weeks after the blissful wedding event, we went to The Melting Pot to celebrate. It was a repeat visit and I've more recently been to the Phoenix location [Ray Rd]. I echo the reports of others: alot of money, alot of time and not particularly genius. It's a nice 'experience' . I think its okay fondue, I'd pass on the meat course and since liquid chocolate isn't really my thing, I'd just go for the cheese course.   Given that, I can stay home and make my own Welsh Rarebit and wait for the next time my brother in law is in town and save myself some serious time and money.
5 Me and my husband went here to celebrate our big move to Arizona. It was absolutely amazing, we got a romantic package and they came to our table to take a picture.
4 This a cool experience.  A very romantic setting with low lights and you can sit in a very separated booth from everybody else.  The waiters are very nice explaining everything very well.  I had never had experience with fondue and I greatly appreciated that explanation.  The photo, later on in the night, is a nice touch.   Pricey.  It was like $90 a couple.  That's just for the basic four course meal... doesn't include the wine or anything.  Plan on being there for 3 hours.  A very nice time when you are with someone you love and just enjoy being with them.  I'm hoping to go back soon.
4 Umm.. I might be biased a bit because I actually worked here while at ASU. So I figured I'd give you a few tips for anyone that hasn't been here before.  - Not a place to impress a first date. Listen, you'll be here for at least an hour and a half (for 2 people), hour is you really rush. With LOTS of downtime that could lead to really, really awkward conversation. Go on a first date somewhere else and use this place to "seal the deal" guys, you're welcome.   - Don't be cheap. If you can't afford to go all out, just save up and come back another time. Get the full 4 courses and a good bottle of wine. If you don't know anything about wine, don't be afraid to ask your waiter. Tell them you want to try something first before buying the bottle and they'll bring you sample. Tell them if you only want to under X amount of dollars, too. Don't be afraid to say that you are looking for something under $35, there were plenty of wines that are GOOD for under that price at the Pot. And there are VERY good wines under $50, so know what you want to spend if you don't have an idea already.  - Make reservations. I probably should have put this first, oh well.   - If it's a special occasion, let them know when you make the reservation. Ask for a private booth if you really want privacy during your meal. But please, don't have sex or get too frisky while in that booth. Yes, it does happen and it makes it kind of awkward for the server. Save it for later, and if you can't help yourself, ask the server to hold up the meal and go back to your car.  - And finally, tip your server well. This is not your typical serving job and there is a lot going on with your meal. Between them cooking it, making sure your safe (guess what? hot oil can be dangerous!) and doing their best to make it special for you - it's only polite.   I think that's it. enjoy it.
3 Ever since I heard about the concept of the Melting Pot years ago I have been wanting to try it. My first real fondue experience (besides at my kitchen table) was last year in Washington DC at a great place called 'Bread and Chocolate' (try it next time you are in the DC area!). The second time I was lucky enough to try fondue was in NYC at an amazing French place called Artisanal Fromagerie and Bistro (another MUST TRY when you are in NYC). The third and most recent was at The Melting Pot and to be honest, I was not nearly as impressed as I thought I would be. Actually, it was kind of a buzz kill!!   I know that The Melting Pot is a chain, but really do the servers have to so obviously say the same spiel to every table? I mean, I think I heard the same jokes and everything from every waiter. It sort of reminded me of being at a theme park for food.   Don't get me wrong, the cheese fondue and the chocolate fondue were great but I was not impressed by the salad or the meat courses.   If I return I think I would just enjoy drinks, a little cheese fondue and of course the chocolate.
4 This is a great place for a quiet romantic night.  I have been to the Melting Pot only twice and both times it was this one up in Scottsdale.  The first time we had a full dinner which was fabulous and this last time we only got desert.  The desert was at a great price and we walked out of there an hour or so later, feeling relaxed and full of chocolate fondue for only 25 bucks.  I really enjoy this place, but if you're a chocolate fan, be sure to save room for desert because it is to die for.
4 This place is great!  I've been several times, with my husband as well as with girlfriends.  It's good for either occasion.  Girls can go and chat and catch up, and it's also good for a romantic dinner.  It does take a while to eat, and is pricey, but you get your money's worth.  The waiters are fantastic, very helpful.  They don't rush you through your meal, you can take as long as you'd like with each course.  They have a four course meal for two, about $90, that is great.  Cheese, salad, main course and chocolate for dessert.  This is the way to go.
2 Environment: Love sick couples and pre-teen birthdays. - 1 Appetizer: Melted Cheese = 16 bucks - 1 Main Course: I've had better meals camping. - 2 Dessert: Excellent! we had a mix of dark and white chocolates. I definitely recommend this place for dessert.+ 1
4 My husband and I just celebrated a belated Valentines dinner here last week and LOVED it.  It was his first experience and he wants to go back again.  Of course we cannot go every week or every month considering that it costs a pretty penny.  The service was awesome, the food came out quickly and everything was mouth-watering.  The drinks took a little long but I think it was because he also brought the cheese fondue at the same time, either that or the bartender was slow that night.
4 I'm visiting Scottsdale from the San Francisco bay area and decided to meet up with a friend here for dinner tonight. I LOVE fondue and was looking forward to my dinner here for a while.  First of all, we had an AWESOME server named Nate. He knew the menu very well and was very attentive to our needs. To top it off, he was very handsome too! I appreciated that he was such a great server to us despite the fact that we shared our entree and didn't order much.  3/4 into our meal the manager came by to check on us too! That was also a very nice touch and shows that this restaurant really cares about their customer satisfaction. I've dined at the San Mateo and Irvine Melting Pot in the past and this place is the best one I've tried.  The Fiesta Cheese Fondue is awesome! We also enjoyed the bursting, spicy flavor of the French Quarter entree consisting of Shrimp, Filet, chicken and sausage! The dipping sauce are all delicious. It's hard to choose which one to use.   Although I was here with my friend, I would have LOVED the privacy their little booths for two offer. They even have curtains for you and the staff will warn you before they open them to serve your food. Very romantic idea! Outside is a cute little fire pit too!  This is definitely a great place for a date or to celebrate anniversaries. Besides, fondue is fun!
4 I know that all Melting Pot locations gets mixed reviews... usually the price turns people off.  It is a little pricey, but it's all about the experience.  Also, since it's a time-consuming experience, one tends to be there about twice as long as at a regular restaurant.  So I don't really mind the price for a once in a while kind of thing.  My hubbie and I have been 8-10 times... twice at the Scottsdale location.  The husband and I always order the "Big Night Out," generally the "Lobster Indulgence."  (We figure if we're going to spend a pretty penny, we might as well really make it worthwhile.)  Maybe since we always do the lobster thing, the price doesn't bother me as much.  Don't remember the specific themes the times we went to Scottsdale, but the "Big Night Out" meals go like this:  Cheese Fondue (you can choose the special or any from the regular menu) with assorted dippers, Salad Course (again, the special or off the menu), Main Course (if you get the "Lobster Indulgence," it includes twin lobster tails, usually a couple kinds of beef (e.g., filet and sirloin), shrimp, chicken, salmon, and/or pork, often a stuffed pasta, and lost of vegetables) with assorted sauces, and the best part... Chocolate Fondue with fresh fruit, brownies, marshmallows, Rice Krispies Treats, etc.  Yummy!  I must say that your experience also really depends on your server.  If you get a bogus one, you might not have a great time.  We've had good experiences for the most part, some absolutely awesome experiences.  Also, check out each location's web site prior to making reservations.  They sometimes offer really great deals or promos, especially on weekdays.  This info might be helpful to those who feel like the regular price is over the top.
4 Mmmmm.  Melting Pot.   Fondue.  Dipping stuff in cheese and chocolate.  Fun!  Went here for my birthday.  Cozy, romantic atmosphere.  Knowledgeable servers and attentive staff in general.  Clean.    If you love cheese and dipping unlimited amounts of stuff in it, then this place is for you.    Ordered the swiss cheese dip to share with my two friends who joined me.  We made a meal out of it by also getting salads.  We're more of a budget-conscious crowd and this place can get pricey quick -  so we tried to be a little careful.  You paid for the dip, but got unlimited amounts of bread, green apples and veggies for dippin'.  Huge selection of alcohol.  Many of these drink choices were expensive, but I got the blackberry margarita ( I think that is what it was called) for $8 and it was enough to wash down my meal.    For dessert, we got a smores type selection with chocolate/graham dip with  marshmallows, cheesecake, graham crackers, and strawberries for dipping.  All and all, we were very satisfied...and quite full because we kept getting refills on the bread dippers for the cheese.  One of my friends couldn't stop staring at the fireplace, which is one of those modern deals where the fire looks like it's moving in a circle or something.  She kept mentioning how cool it was and how she couldn't stop staring at it.  LOL.  There are two main reasons why this place doesn't get five stars (but four is still pretty damn good).  One being price.  The other being overall food selection.  The menu itself wasn't very diverse, or at least nowhere near as diverse as the alcohol selection.  There were a lot of shellfish type items and some of us are allergic to that stuff.  I was tempted to get some steak dippers, but the price would have really skyrocketed there for us.    The Melting Pot is perfect for special occasions or a fancy meal from that hot date.  Their hours are limited, so it's easier to make reservations online.  You could easily lose track of time there and hang out for hours getting refills on dippers and drinks.  Good times!
4 This is one of the very few chain restaurants I like...  Tried this new location on Saturday night (they recently moved into a new bigger building next door).   Melting Pot is an adventure in dining, a prolonged multi-hour dinner experience. I love fondue, and The Melting Pot are the masters of fondue!  Started with cheese, apples, breads, and veggies with a cheddar cheese and beer concoction. Moved on to lobster, shrimp, steak, pork, and chicken which we cooked in a veggie broth. Finished the meal with a chocolate and peanut butter dip with cheesecake, strawberries, and rice crispy treats.  Great service, great food, great wine list, great times!
2 Having a ying for a taste of Switzerland.. I decide to celebrate a special persons birthday here.. Kind of to remind her of Europe.. well.. the price reminded me of Switzerland.. but the authenticity isnt there.. AND they have a menu that says a Alpine Nite.. dont be fooled.. most cheese fondues do not have grainy mustard in them.. We did the price fix menu.. starting with the cheese fondue.. a salad.. the meat and seafood course.. (a small amount for two considering the price was about $45 each).. chocolate fondue.. with too much amaretto in the chocolate.. the experience is cool.. but if youve been to Switzerland.. dont go in here thinking your getting authentic.. my advice.. hit up Sur La Table and get your own fondue pot.. do it at home.. and youll get more authentic.. am I snob.. proudly..
4 If you go here, you will enjoy a four course fondue meal. The desert chocolate is awesome. I prefer the 'Smores' option but the others look great also. They have many options for the main course. This place is pricey and you do have to cook your own food, but a nice option for special occasions.
5 Yes this place is expensive but that's why it's a nice elegant fancy place to eat!  They give you endless  fruit or bread for your cheese fondu. The service was awesome! I didn't like the main dish I ordered because it wasn't what I was expecting, and he gladly took it back and gave me what my boyfriend ordered. Not to mention it came out so fast!  This place is intimate, great for date night with the boy! Or date night with a girl!   If you sign up on their website, they give you free chocolate fondu for two next time you go there. You have to order cheese fondu an 2 meals but that's still awesome!
3 I had never been to The Melting Pot and when the girlfriend found a coupon in the mail, she thought it'd be a fun night out.  We went on a Thursday, to keep the cost "down" a bit. We did the Big Night Out special at $69, she had an $8 glass of wine and I had a $2.50 iced tea. The meal started with the regular cheddar cheese fondue, which tasted great. They bring out as many dippers as you want, but we exhausted the cheese in one go.  Next up were the salads. I had a house salad with the peppercorn ranch which was tasty and she had a California salad, which included gorgonzola and a raspberry vinaigrette. I'm not a fan of bleu-type cheeses, but the dressing really sold it.  The main course was part of their island/pacific inspired seasonal special. The platter included chicken, beef, pork tenderloin, kiwi shrimp, pasta, and ahi tuna. It didn't appear to be a ton of food, but it definitely filled us up--we even left a few pieces to spare. We had it with the coq au vin oil.  Finally, we tried the bananas foster chocolate fondue, but with dark chocolate instead. Our server flambee'd the bananas and sprinkled cinnamon into the mix which made sparks. Very cool. They served strawberries, rice krispies, marshmallows, brownies, cheesecake, and pound cake. A great assortment.  Our waiter was informed, helpful, and attentive. Our booth was an intimate two person right-angle type table, which was nice, but a bit claustrophobic.   At the end of the day, the food was tasty but it didn't wow me. I've had amazing meals. Meals that leave you wanting to tell the story, shouting about them from the rooftops. Meals with superb presentation, wonderful experimentation, and the results of a master chef who has truly honed his craft and knows just what to put together and how best to accomplish it. I've had that for far less than $110 (tax & tip) for two people, too.  The value proposition component really sticks with me here. The food was good, but it wasn't phenomenal. It wasn't life-changing. The presentation was nice, the seasonings were good, things were flavorful, but at the end of the day, I didn't leave with a sense of awe and utter contentment. I was full, and I was happy, but I expect a whole lot more when I dip into the $100/couple range for a meal.  Now, to be fair, you get four courses. More than enough food. It's a romantic setting (with somewhat varied music) and they execute the concept very well. I guess I was disappointed because I want a story to tell when I spend that much money on a meal, and I didn't get one.
5 We celebrated our 6 year wedding anniversary last night at the Meling Pot and had a wonderful experience.  It was our first time going and they really did a great job personalizing the experience.  We had a card and flowers waiting for us at our table and the wait staff all congratulated us on our celebration.  That doesn't mean much if the food isn't good but it was deeee-lish!  We had the Big Night Out and was able to customize the menu to our liking.  Although the main entree wasn't much more than a glorified hot pot at a Chinese restuarant, it was still awesome.  You can't go wrong with dipping your appetizer in melted cheese and your desserts in chocolate.  We would definitely go there again!
5 Yes, this place can be a bit pricey, however if you catch them at happy hour or on "girls night out" it can be very affordable. The atmosphere and the "specialness" of the melting pot is unbeatable. I have been there for intimate occasions, and family birthdays. Food is wonder, especially the cheese! The menu has changed a bit over the years, and there are some oldies I would love to see return (the mushroom salad), but there is nothing that beats this place for any special occasion
5 Yes, The Melting Pot is more than some people can afford but the experience it totally worth it! I have been begging the hubby to take me there for dinner and one night and he finally caved and took me, the service was excellent and the food was amazing! I definitely want to go back someday!
5 L. took me out for a belated birthday dinner this evening here. I had yelped it prior and was pretty excited for what seemed to be a "one of a kind" experience.  As soon as we walked in, I was wowed by the atmosphere. Definitely very Scottsdale-y, but not super snotty. Just very nice and sophisticated. There's definitely a lot of explanation that is involved throughout the evening, which sort of went over my head which was ok because L had been there before.   We had the Big Night Out - and I sub'd the lettuce wrap with the chicken caesar salad. Our server warned me about the pine nuts in case I was allergic, which I'm not. But the pine nuts were bomb and definitely made the salad special. We had the fondue fusion (with lobster), and the original for dessert. Add on a few drinks between the two of us, and it was SO MUCH FOOD BUT OMGAHD SO GOOD. If I had a six-figure salary, I would be here all the time it's redick.   It's definitely one of those special occasion places, a lot of the parties that came in after us were celebrating an anniversary or birthday. The service was great and I'll definitely be back....gotta start saving though.
5 We love this place.  The atmosphere is great. It's really gorgeous in there.  The food is amazing. Dessert is even more amazing.  We can't afford to go here often, but it's wonderful for special dates like anniversaries. I love it.
5 The atmosphere at The Melting Pot is perfect for a special night out...dark, cozy, and very intimate.  We sat in a booth with a curtain that gave us a lot of privacy...which I like when stuffing my face!! :)  Our server was incredibly attentive, especially in describing how we could customize The Big Night Out special for 2, since I am vegetarian and my other half is not.  The food is fantastic...heavy and plentiful...but fantastic.  The manager also stopped by our table which is always a nice touch that I love.  They also didn't mind us staying until almost midnight, which was nice.  If you're not feeling to hungry, you can opt to just have cheese and chocolate fondues, which are plenty enough to have me come back.  Will definitely return here for special occasions...wish it were more, but it's a bit pricey.  Expect to pay $80+ for 2 people.
4 The Melting Pot is a dining EXPERIENCE. If you get a private booth, it can be a very romantic dining experience.   Heres the deal...As mentioned in other reviews, the food is good but not amazing (except for dessert!). Set aside a good 2 1/2 - 3 hours for dinner, drinks and conversation. It takes a while. If you are one of those who likes to order, eat and get the hell out...this is not the place for you. Be ready to relax, have a few drinks and take your time. The cheese course, salad and main course are there as distractions. The spotlight is firmly held on the dessert course! Its freeking amazing!!! We haven't had a dessert at the melting pot that we didn't LOVE!
3 The company I work for booked The Melting Pot for our holiday party this year, and we all had a great time. I am rating it 3 stars because although I didn't have to pay, I think the value may be questionable for what you get.  First off, the staff was amazing. Having never had fondue in a restaurant setting before, they were quick to explain each and every thing on the table. They were quick with all requests, and they kept the wine flowing and the tables cleared off. Their attitudes were superb for the affluent area the place is in.  The first course was an introduction, with a blend of melted cheeses bubbling away on our table with an assortment of breads, vegetables, chips and even granny smith apples to dip in and sample. This was probably my favorite part of the meal. Next came a salad, which I enjoyed, but found it unremarkable. The main course consisted of a sampling of various meats and seafood: chunks of steak, seasoned beef, seasoned chicken, mini-stuffed pasta medallions, prawns, and a lobster tail. This was partnered with various veggies including mushrooms, potatoes and broccoli, and a variety of dipping sauces, with of course the hot broth to cook everything in. My favorite part of this course was the seafood dipped in the herb butter, and the gorgonzola dip. Last was (naturally) the famous dessert course, with chunks of brownie, cheesecake and fruit with pots of milk and white chocolate to coat it all with (the cheesecake and marshmallows was the highlight).   While I did think everything was OK, I didn't think it was something I could have gone the rest of my life without trying. I could see this place as impressive for a date or significant anniversary or event, but there are far better "fancy" restaurants with more flavorful offerings. Even though we were in a large group, my wife and I got a table to ourselves, and that "date night" feeling really works well with this place. Another good aspect was that we got our pick of everything presented while everyone else had to share.   One of my favorite things to eat is shabu shabu, and while similar in execution, I think the Japanese version of cooking-your-own-food is far superior. I'd gladly pay the premium for shabu shabu, but The Melting Pot just isn't my thing.
5 I went to the melting pot for the first time for valentine's day with my boyfriend.  It was delicious!  Our server was incredible.  She was very attentive to our needs and made us feel like we were her only guests that night.  I noticed the manager going to every table and thanking them for choosing the restaurant.  Talk about personalized service!  They have these special enclosed booths that have a curtain.  It is defintely a romantic spot.  You have to have the artichoke dip.  It was the best I've ever had.
4 "To Each His Own"  SERVER: Sarah: 10 out of 5! We just love her! MANAGER: ???:  7   out of 5! He gave my 3-year old niece a pink balloon!  *Cheese Fondue:  Fiesta Cheese Fondue: 4 out of 5. Traditional Swiss Cheese Fondue: 1 out of 5.  *Salads:  The Melting Pot House Salad: 3 out of 5. Spinach Mushroom Salad: 5 out of 5.  *Individual Entrée: (Portion, Marinate)  The French Quarter (Cajun Marinated): 5 out 5. Signature Collection: 3 out of 5. Pacific Rim: 3 out of 5. Seafood Trio: 5 out of 5.  *Entrée Cooking Style:  Mojo: 4 out of 5. Coq Au Vin: 3 out of 5.  *Entrée Sauces:  Curry: 4 out of 5. Green Goddess: 5 out of 5. Gorgonzola Port: 4 out of 5. Ginger Plum: 5 out of 5.  *Chocolate Fondue:  Banana Foster: 5 out of 5.
3 A very unique place specializing fondues.. This is my first try, everything went like I expected, but not outreaching... We had the Fusion version of the Big Night Out  four-course meal.. A lot of food for two, and not cheap!  1st course - Fondue A La France It was a-ok.. the cheese mix was great, but the white wine (don't remember name) base was too strong... I wish they'd use less of the alcohol. But you get unlimited sides with it..  2nd course - Salad Nicoise and California Salad Both salads were tasty! However, the plates arrived in an ice-cold condition, and by looking at the presentation of the salad, I felt it was already pre-made and came out from the refrigerator.. the leaves just don't look like were just mixed together...  3rd course - Main entree with Court Bouillon cooking style The fusion version offers one extra item, a lobster tail, other than that, everything is the same from the feast version. Meat and seafood were fresh, wish that I had chosen a different cooking style, maybe the Bourguignonne, didn't really enjoy the vegetable broth, personally think the taste was too strong..  4th course - White & Dark Chocolate Fondue This was my fav!!! The mixture of two kinds of chocolate was just right, adding the different toppings for dipping, cheesecake, strawberries, bananas...hmmmm... If only it has less calories, I'll never have enough!  The whole dinner took about 2 hours as we're fast-eater and didn't really spend that much time on the cheese fondue...so come prepare for a long stay if you want to experience the 'whole package'..
1 Automatic 20% gratuity, even increasing the credit card charge after the customer leaves.   Is this true? http://www.yelp.com/topic/scottsdale-automatic-20-gratuity-are-we-legally-obliged-to-pay-it-if-its-not-noted-on-the-menu
3 reserved a private booth and didnt get it even though it was very slow  i just didnt care for the place at all  the waitress was very nice dessert was the best i would go for dessert but thats about it
2 Buyer Beware!!  Be prepared to drop more $$ than you anticipate with your local dine coupon.  The coupon was $50 for the four course big night out dinner for two.  What they don't tell you is it really costs $83 for this meal.  So.....we spent $25 on the coupon for $50.  You will pay the difference on this deal, plus drinks and they add a $20 tip on top of this (for you to cook your own dinner!!).  We felt totally ripped off when we got the bill for $79.63!  This is a VERY misleading coupon.  We have not had this problem with others from local dines.  Needless to say, we will not go back to the Melting Pot again, nor recommend this place.  Local Dines needs to be more specific with the coupons and what you are really getting.  Also we had a private booth which was nice and cozy, however the music was very loud and not anything we like to listen to (old torch songs), we asked them to turn down the volume three times and it was still too loud in our booth!!
2 I went for AZ Restaurant Week. The wait staff were incredibly nice and really take a lot of time to explain everything if you're new as week as the cooking process. They were very willing to make dietary substitutions. Be prepared for a long meal though. I only had 1.5hrs and even with a reservation, I had to quickly stuff my face with dessert in order to make it out of there a little over 2hrs. So don't go unless you're prepared to sit down for a while. The atmosphere is ok. It's very romantic so if you're going with friends and just want to talk and laugh, it might not be the best place. The food was alright. I don't think it's good enough to justify the prices, especially since you're making your own food. Save your money, go buy a fondue set and do it at home. But it's definately worth the experience on time. I just personally will not be going back.
1 I went here about a year ago with a friend and enjoyed it. Nice staff, good food and was pleased. I have a group of friends from work that we rotate selecting a restaurant to out eat at. I decided on The Melting Point as my choice and phoned the restaurant to place the reservation. The guy taking the reservations could hardly be heard or understood--there was no accent just a rushed feeling to get off the phone.  I explained there would be a party of 8 people dining for dinner. I was told I needed to provide a credit card to hold the reservation and if we were late or no-shows a $10 per person charge would be applied. WHAT!?!  Needless to say, I contacted my friends and picked another restaurant that doesn't pull these kinds of tricks. Sorry Melting Pot, but that's a bit rude and a good way to drive off repeat customers.
2 We went here for my birthday during Restaurant Week.  Made reservations a few days in advance - there was much confusion about the end date of restaurant week and informed them we'd be celebrating a birthday.    We waited about 15 minutes past out reservation time to be seated. No mention of the birthday we had informed them about.  We informed our server that we'd never been there before or to a fondue restaurant and she just smiled and walked away.  We had to ask her repeatedly what to do as we were given no direction. We were very disappointed in the service.  The food was fine - we did add the coq au vin, which was a flavorful sauce of fresh herbs, mushrooms, garlic, spices and burgundy wine.  The desert was good as well (you can't go wrong with chocolate)!  The meal does take about 2 1/2 hours to complete and is a bit on the pricey side.  We are glad to have experienced it, but would not return.
4 I'll keep this short. The food is good, the ambience is good and the entire visit is an experience like any other. Go there with time on your hands, go there with people you have plenty to talk about with as it takes a while. This is a place to relax and enjoy being served and eating food which is so different. If the price seems prohibitive, go for the happy hours.
2 Overpriced for mediocre food. It's the novelty that you pay for. We did the Four Course option, add lobster. Nothing blew me away, except my company.  :) I'm glad I experienced it once, but probably won't go back for dinner. (Dessert, possibly.)
3 For a quiet and slow dinner, go here. The atmosphere is really laid back, the price is a little high but the fun behind going out for fondue helps. It has been a long time since I have been here, it might be time for a revisit to see what I think of it now.
5 My daughter and I go here every Thursday. We always have the Cheese and Chocolate dinner. The price is very reasonable and the waiters, especially, Izzy, are great! They prepare the fondue right at your table and they will replenish the dipping items as often as you like. Try the cheddar, garlic, and beer sauce for the cheese portion and the half milk, half dark chocolate for the dessert part. Best dinner in town.
3 This is more about experience than food (in my opinion). Don't get me wrong, the food is good but its WAY expensive. Me and friends went and had a great time and if you've never done the fondue thing, you should try it sometime.
4 I went to The Melting Pot for the first time a couple weeks ago on a double date. Ambiance was wonderful and dessert fondue was absolutely amazing. The only reason I gave it 4/5 is because the expense- although I do not mind paying for good food, I do not like the attitude that sometimes go with high-class places. At one point, I felt as though I was not spoken to in an adult-like way despite us all being above legal drinking age. Perhaps it was because we look the part of 'college kids'. Overall, I'm willing to try again- it may have just been a bad night for that particular waitress.
5 Went to this place last night with my girlfriend for the first time. First walking in, the place had a low-key, romantic mood. The staff was very friendly and we were seated promptly. We were seated in a private booth that was accompanied with a curtain and dim lighting. Our waitress was very knowledgable and we found out it was her first night working the floor. She seemed like she had been working there a very long time. Bottom line for this review: It's a date place for couples. There is a process for the four course meal which is time consuming so do not plan on a quick sit down to eat. You pay for the dining experience which is exciting and very sensual. The wine is great and the food is delicious. Book your reservation ahead of time as walk-ins cannot always be accommodated. I don't know how people can rate this place less than 5 stars. Even the price a bit steep but well worth the food, wine and experience with your loved one.
2 I saw a someone praise this place on Facebook and I started chuckling. My wife asked me to go with her to the melting pot a couple years ago. She was very excited until the food actually came. That's when she said, this isn't what we ordered. I said yeah there is less then 4 oz of meat to share between 2 people. She said, no I meant these are the wrong sauces. I said hang on. We are paying 120 dollars for 2 cups of raw vegetables, 4 oz of meat, and beef stock? She said well your paying for the ambiance. Plus desert is to die for. Desert came, she said Isn't this great and I said we are dipping less then a cup of fruit in chocolate. At the end she said you hated it, didn't you. I said baby I loved being there with you, but I have never paid so much money in all my life to eat every day food and stay hungry. For the same money we could have gone to any number of nice restaurants and actually had a full meal.  My wife laughed and then said yeah your right. It's a great little niche restaurant idea, but once you get past all the hoopla this is place is a huge rip off.  On the plus side, It's a nice romantic place with super dark tables. Cooking your own food gives you plenty of time to sit and talk with that special someone.
5 Best fondue experience, hands down. I've always loved fondue, but until going here, I never knew it could be so delectable. The seating is very private and intimate, and the mood lighting really adds elegance. As for the food - delicious and satisfying. Also, our server was uncannily timely. He always knew when to serve the next course, haha. I wish I could remember the name of him - he was an excellent server  The only thing I dislike is the price. It is, quite frankly, outrageous. Especially, since you're basically cooking it yourself. My friends and I only go here on VERY special occasions - because the check was an occasion itself.  But above all, wonderful food, wonderful servers and hosts, wonderful atmosphere.
3 Went here a few weeks ago. As others have said, you're paying a lot for a gimmick, and the novelty wears off pretty quickly...particularly after you realize you've paid over $100 for you and your date to cook your own food (after a lengthy trial and error process).  The initial cheese fondue was delicious, as was the salad course. And you can't go wrong with chocolate fondue for dessert. But I could've stopped there.    The entree is where things kind of go off the rails.  You're cooking your own meat (a few pieces each of steak, pork, chicken, shrimp, or lobster) and veggies (broccoli, potatoes, mushrooms), and you don't quite get the perfect timing until well into the meal. The meat itself can be a little bland--you're basically just deep frying it. And while a long, slow meal with your date is romantic, it does get a little tedious to cook each individual bite. Yes, we knew what we were getting into when we went there--a place that's a little unique, but again, that wears off pretty quick.  That said, there's nothing the staff could've done better. They were attentive and helpful, and the small booth (with curtains) was an intimate way to dine out. Still I don't think I'll be back, and if I do, I'll probably skip the entree and just stick with the other elements of the four-course meal.
4 So another first for me and I must say my girls and I very much enjoyed our experience here.  I read all the reviews last night knowing we would be dining here the next evening.  The only complaints I really worried about were the small portions but that was no where near an issue....we have never left a restaurant more full!  When we entered we were very pleasantly greeted and shown to the booth we had reserved right away.  Our server Laura was quick to greet us and explain the menu, choices and her suggestions.  Let my girls order virgin strawberry daiquiris and I ordered one for myself as well and they were delicious!  We decided to go with the 4 course meal for $40.50 a person and it was a great deal.  We started with the Wisconsin cheese fondue which was amazing.  With the green onions, scallions and black pepper, white wine and dry sherry.  The only complaint we had was you could taste the alcohol a little too much in the cheese, which when dining with kids was a bit bothersome.  I didn't like the veggies in the cheese, just didn't seem like a good combo to me.  I would prefer to see just a larger variety of bread instead of 2 choices. All in all the cheese fondue was delicious.  The salads were very good as well.  One of my girls went with the sweet dressing as opposed to the peppercorn ranch on the Melting Pot house salad and she didn't eat any of it.  Said the dressing was way too sweet.  I very much liked my house salad with the peppercorn ranch.  Not a ton of croutons, a very good even amount of everything. The salad was crisp and fresh and not drowned in dressing.  Was happy with this course as well.  On to the main course!  We had shrimp, herb chicken, pork, sirloin and teriyaki steak.  The teriyaki steak, shrimp and sirloin were very good, fresh and tender.  We did not care for the herb chicken at all.  The pork was good as well but I believe was a teriyaki pork and the taste was very overwhelming.  Only trouble with ordering a main course is each piece takes anywhere from a minute and 30 seconds to 2 to 3 minutes to cook so it is very tiring cooking everything.  My suggestion is to get a rhythm going.  You get 2 fondue forks, while you have one in the pot cooking something eat what is on your plate...then when you are done the next thing is ready to come out.  While we enjoyed the main course we all agreed we wouldn't do it again.  Next time would just come for the cheese and dessert.  Speaking of dessert!!  Delish!!  We went with the original blend, the chocolate and chunky peanut butter.  Wish our pot had been turned up a little higher so it was a little warmer but I could have asked as well and I am sure they would have done it.  We ate it so fast though it didn't matter too much!  The rice krispy treats, marshmallows, brownies, pound cake, cheesecake and strawberries were out of this world!!  By the time we left we were all ready to go home and sleep!  Overall we were very happy with our experience here.  A manager came by at the end of our meal and made sure everything had been to our liking.  Every person of the service staff we encountered was very nice and helpful.  One of the only negative I would have to say about the atmosphere is I think it should be a certain age and above, this is not a kid type restaurant.  While trying to enjoy our meal there was a child, perhaps a little under the age of two who found it funny to make the same loud yelling noise over and over for about 20 mins.  Not his fault but parents need to either correct the behavior, leave this age of child at home when dining here or go to a more family type place to eat.  I would encourage the managers to be more aware of this as well, it would have been nice for one of them to take the initiative and ask about quieting the child for their other customers.   We will be returning to the establishment as overall it was a fabulous and fun experience that everyone should have.  Yes it is pricey but I believe worth the money as you will go home stuffed and satisfied!
2 This was my first time at the Melting Pot for dinner, I have gone before for dessert and drinks at another location. We weren't able to get a reservation until 8:30 which was ok, but then we weren't seated until close to 9:00. They were offering a special, $30 for 3 courses. The first course, the cheese was really good. Then came our entree course. Our burner was going out which wasn't an issue during the cheese. But our meats and vegetables were taking close to 10 minutes to cook, when it should take 2-3. Our waitress was aware that it was taking longer and suggested that we move, but if anyone has been there, you know it's not that simple. The dessert was next and honestly it's the only reason I would go back. Based on my first full meal experience, I will not be returning to a Melting Pot.
4 The Melting Pot does not serve gourmet food but you will pay gourmet prices. There profit margins must be pretty high here but in all honesty this is a wonderful place for a relaxing, more upscale restaurant. If you are looking for a perfect date restaurant this is it.  Lots of booths and a fireplace make the meal. They have private booths with curtains that shut out the outside world but they are super crammed. I'm claustrophobic and hated it. However, if you want to get super cozy go for it...  Reservations are strongly encouraged even when it's slow -- I think it's just how they roll. I've never had a problem getting a reservation during normal times to go. Stay away from this place on Valentine's Day. It will be packed (not romantic) and cost you a fortune. Spend that money on TRUE gourmet food.  Great wine selection with an expert to help you pick out what you want.  Why is the food bad? Well it's not bad. The cheese fondues and desserts are AMAZING. But the entrees are really pricey ($30 per person) and it's nothing special. They just bring you out the raw steak, chicken, or shrimp. Part of the reason you pay so much money for steak at higher end restaurants is the expert seasoning and grilling of the chef.   Also, I really dislike their dinnerware: cheap, scratched plastic plates -- feels like camping gear. For that reason it's not five stars and really not worth the price. I go here because I accept the Melting Pot's faults and cannot escape cravings for their delicious cheese fondue, scrumptious desserts, and lovely atmosphere.   Service is always amazing.  It's not really a good restaurant for kids. The can burn themselves on the fondue plate which is on the center of the table and it's really quiet in here so please only bring your kids if they are typically quiet at dinner.
5 This is one of my absolutely favorite places to eat. Here is my guide to having a 5 star experience at this restaurant.   1. Make reservations a few weeks in advance to be sure to get the time slot you are interested it. They fill up fast.  2. Go for an occasion, not a holiday. Go because its your birthday, or you are celebrating a big business deal. Not on Valentines Day. This is not me saying it would be bad on Valentine's Day, but most people get frustrated when its busy at places like this and don't realize that, well, yeah...its VALENTINE'S DAY. (If you can set the right expectations then HECK YEAH go on Valentine's Day)  3. DO NOT and I repeat DO NOT take your kids here. It is not that the staff wouldn't be amazing to your kids, it is the fact that most people are here for a quiet night out, not a screaming 2 year old. (I leave my screaming 2 year old at home.) Here's the catch, if your kid is old enough to enjoy a good meal and experience and you would like some one on one time with them to perhaps congratulate them on good grades etc, this may not be a bad idea. Again...screaming 2 year old = NO.  4. Finding deals for this place is also a good tip. Sometimes you will see coupons in your local mailer, or you can sign up for their newsletter. If not prepare yourself for a high bill. Same as when you go to Fogo de Chao. You know you are going to a nice place, you also know you are paying for it. Go in with a good mindset and be expecting it and it wont shock you, either that or drink some of their fabulous cocktails and then you wont care!  5. Booths with privacy curtains. Don't ask. However be aware that they do have them and they can be fun. (Assuming here, I have never sat in one).  6. Last but not least and most important. I do not care if you are on a diet, or diabetic, or hate chocolate (what kind of nut are you). Make time, don't eat for a week, take insulin, and have the chocolate fondue. This is absolutely amazing and worth the trip every time!  Follow my 6 steps and you will have a great time at The Melting Pot!
5 My six year old daughter and I enjoyed a fun and memorable date night at Melting Pot last night. It was her first exposure to fondue and we had a blast eating great food and talking about her first three days of first grade. We starteed with a fantastic spinach and artichoke fontina & butterkäse cheese fondue, then shared the "Land & Sea" (filet mignon, chicken and shrimp). Of course, when the dessert menu came out so did a bit more enthusiasm. She had never dreamed of seeing a pot of melted chocolate before. The looks on her face were priceless. She chose the "Cookies 'n Cream Marshmallow Dream" and it was crazy good. I'm looking forward to taking the whole family and to making this a more common stop on our date night calendar.
2 ok so, first of all, if i had known we had to cook our own food i never would have gone here. second of all, the cheese was good but not $16 good. the food was ok, but if you get something different from your date you still share the same pot so the flavors get all muddled. plus, the lighting is very dim in this restaurant so it was very hard for me to tell if my pork, chicken, shrimp and any other must be fully cooked foods were fully cooked. i must say, their curry sauce was amazing, and so were the chocolate covered strawberries, which is why i'm giving 2 stars instead of 1. i will not be back to throw away close to $100. i can go to ruth's chris and have an amazing meal for that price. i'm very disappointed.
4 I came here for AZ restaurant week with a few friends.  If you want an interactive experience, Melting Pot makes you feel like you are cooking without much of the hard work of prep and cleaning.  You need to have a timing system for all the veggies and meats.  The service can be a little slow, but I think its done intentionally to enjoy the moment and the experience.  This would be a great date spot.
4 The Melting Pot is an interesting and unique place for a meal, but certainly is outrageously overpriced, otherwise I would give it an even higher rating.  The cheese fondue really is out of this world. And the desserts are also nothing short of amazing. I wasn't too impressed with the main course however and that part of the meal especially does little to justify the price.  The service here is quite good and the waiters could probably even afford to give you more alone time than they do. This is a place I would definitely return to for a special occasion, because it is a nice experience despite the price.
4 You can't go wrong - or leave completely stuffed - at the Melting Pot.  I was excited for the Living Social deal a couple months ago for 3 courses (cheese, salad, endless entree) plus a champagne toast for a fraction of the cost. This particular location has a ton of "Lover's Lane" seating - a tiny table for 2 with the option to close curtains for privacy.   I've never had even remotely average service - it's always been top-notch. The food is obviously incredible as well. I love how dinner takes 2 hours here because 4 courses sure is a lot of food.   Great date spot!
2 Went here the other night for the first time.  I am glad i experienced it but it was not all that great of food for the price.  Probably will not go back.
3 Definitely a place everyone should give a whirl!  This was my first ever full meal of fondues. I have had fondue as a starter at other restaurants, but never cooked my own main course this way.  I had purchased a Living Social deal a couple months back because my bf is a big-time fondue fan and it was a good deal.  We started with the cheddar-beer cheese fondue, which the bf and I both enjoyed. It was fun to see the fondue come together before your eyes as they make it at your table. After devouring the cheese, we had ceasar salads; loved those parmesan crusted pine nuts!!  Now we move on to the main course of cooking our meats and veggies.... We chose a coq au vin broth, which is veggie broth with herbs, garlic and burgundy wine.  We had chicken, steak, pork, shrimp and assorted veggies... They will bring you food until you are stuffed or get sick of cooking! My fave meat was the pork. Not sure what they marinate in, but it is so tender and tasty!   While it is nice to have a coursed-meal spread out over time, it can be a testament to your patience if you are hungry.  ;)  Our server was great and friendly. A manager came around and made sure we knew about the 'Free fondue for life' event going this year.  All in all, good food, good service, nice night out! We plan to go back for just chocolate and wine next time!!
2 Made a reservation a month in advance for 7, noting that it was an anniversary dinner (and hoping for one of the curtained off couples tables.) Called the night of and asked if we could change the reservation to 7:30 since we were running late.  We were informed that we could not and that we needed to make it within 15 min of our original reservation in order to be seated.  We rushed and made it right at the "cutoff" mark, and were seated at a huge table, I assumed because all the couples tables were full.  After getting settled in, we looked around only to find the restaurant dead empty.  We were one of maybe 5 parties there.  Why the rush?  Would have given only one star if not for the great food, and having plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day.  The server was quite attentive, so I think it's just the hostess desk that's not up to par.  Note; this will be a long meal so plan accordingly.  You can't do this place quick, its an experience.
5 My husband and I came here for our one year wedding anniversary. We have been here several times before and I love it. The food is so good and the dessert is the best part. Our server was very friendly, helpful, and gave us everything we needed. We had a great night. I will keep coming back to this place.
5 Were here on a weekday for happy hour in May '13 between 5 to 6 PM. And were greeted, seated in bar.   Bartender was pretty good and suggested options. We tried Cheese Fondue & choc. Fondue, which was good...  Would try this place again :)
4 If you are not a fan of fondue, you may not enjoy this place. If you are, you have already probably been there. But, in case you haven't, you should definitely go. My wife and I have been fortunate enough to leave in three cities that have them close by. We often go and only get the Wisconsin Cheese Trio and the Peanut Butter Chocolate fondue because that will pretty much do the trick!   But we did get a full course a couple of times and were not disappointed! The experience itself is pretty neat! The seating is as private as you want it too with a pull curtain for your booth and everything... very romantic. You get a quick course on how to dip and eat your food and the server is always nearby for anything you need.   For a full course and a bottle of wine you can get out of there just under $100 which, I feel, is well worth it. WONDERFUL!
5 Okay, first of all, this is kinda pricey so it's not the place I'd go weekly.  However, a few times a year this place is awesome!  They have a gluten free menu and they do host special gluten free nights at Scottsdale,  where this time, they featured Jewel's Cupcakes (soon to be bakery cafe) desserts and bread.  The second time there was a special night with a percentage of proceeds going to the Celiac Foundation.  Win/win!    First time there we had the four course meal which included the salad.  I was thinking that I wouldn't want the salad in deference to the main pot but I am telling you that this was one of the best salads I have EVER had in my life.  Seriously.  That good!  It was a specific menu for that season so I cannot remember what salad it was but it was divine!  The cheese fondue is good.  I have found after two trips it is okay, not my favorite though and IF I had to ixnay one course the cheese would be the first to go.  The Mojo pot for the main course may set you back another $6 bucks but it's totally worth it.  The flavors are awesome!  When they bring all the veggies, do yourself a favor and have them add them all in immediately to the pot.  The potatoes take forever to cook and the flavor is more prevalent after a longer cook time.   the Mushrooms are fantastic with the Gorgonzola dip.  The green goddess dip goes best with the broccoli and I love the plum sauce for shrimp and the chicken though the curry dip is good for chicken as well.  I don't do red meat so the hubs ate the beef and pork and I did the chicken and shrimp.  Nicely done!  Dessert chocolate.  I've had both the peanut butter chocolate and the Turtle.  GET THE TURTLE!  Both are good but the turtle is to die for.  Combine that with Jewel'sCupcake (soon to be cafe) gluten free espresso cream puffs and brownies and cheesecake...........foodgasm!  Seriously.  Better than, well you get the idea.  I wish they carried Jewel's items all the time to dip with.  Even her main course bread put into the chocolate was nom nom!  GO...........celebrate something.  Enjoy the atmosphere........dark, quiet.  Plan on spending three or four hours............of luxury eating!
2 I used to love the Melting Pot years back, but when I tried it again more recently, I couldn't remember for the life of me why.  The reason for my 2 stars is for the poor food quality. The only thing saving my review from one star is the comparable atmosphere and the concept. The concept is really fun, I mean, who doesn't like fondu? The cheese dip was just mediocre at best and tasted like something I could make at home by just melting down some cheddar cheese. The salad was nothing special and the meat/seafood wasn't a good quality. My biggest disappointment was the filet as it was super tough and fatty. Unfortunately, I expect more for the prices and my experience there left much to be desired.
1 My girlfriend and I went to The Melting Pot this past Saturday night and the experience was HORRIBLE.  It was 9:30 when we showed up and when we walked in we were greeted with a rude hostess.  She did not greet us but instead asked "What can I do for you?" with attitude.  Well, it's a restaurant, so I guess I was there to get my haircut!  When I responded a table for 2 she asked, again with attitude, if I had a reservation.  The restaurant was not even half full.  I said no, she then asked "well are you having a full course meal?" and I responded "Just dessert".  After waiting a about 3 minutes, we were finally sat.  The horrible experience did not end there.  It took TEN minutes before our waitress even came to our table.  They  had a full waitstaff that just kept walking by our table staring at us.  When our waitress finally did come, she was also rude and offered no pleasantries.  We order the Original for 2 and our drinks.  Everything was then served together.  I must say the chocolate fondue was delicious.  However, our waitress NEVER came back to check on us or refill our drinks or how our drinks and food were (For the record, the Cafe Mocha was ice cold).  And with heavy food like that, water is a must!  When we were done, she finally came over after I flagged her down, then asked if we wanted refills.  I said yes and the check.  Once I paid, she brought back my card and just left the checkbook on the table.  No "Thank you have a nice evening, Thank your for coming in", nothing.    We were very excited about having a fantastic dessert but the rude staff there ruined the entire experience.  We will not be going back to the Scottsdale location.
4 I thought, it was a fun place. I enjoyed our time there and the food. The dipping dessert do-dad was bomb!! Cool place for a intimate dinner date for two. Different-fun way to inter-act and eat dinner together and spend sum quality time together. The food is good too!! I enjoyed our time there and dinner as well. I would go back again. The service was very good as well.
2 The Melting Pot won't allow you to book for six online and I think all of our problems began there.  We called in a reservation for our daughter's sweet sixteen birthday dinner.  Dinner at the Melting Pot was all she wanted.   We arrived and our reservation was missing.  They nonetheless seated us, but I am going to be generous and say our server had too many tables.  Most of our evening was spent waiting for her to arrive for our order, for drink refills, to clear our dirty plates.  We were missing silverware for most of our entree course and couldn't find her to request cocktail sauce to accompany the shrimp.  I think the worst part is that this was supposed to be a very special dinner and the lack of service ruined it.  It would have been nice if the restaurant had bothered to even acknowledge it was our daughter's special night at all even with a "Happy Birthday" but considering we were missing silverware, a birthday greeting to our newly minted 16 year old was probably too much to expect.
1 My husband and I like to go Melting Pot to have dinner always. Everything was great so far. However, we were extremely disappointed with the food that they served yesterday.Yesterday we chose the special offer - Endless fondue. $36.95 per person.   The filet mignon was not fresh at all and it has strange smell. I guess this was the worst filet mignon that i ever had in my life! The teriyaki marinated sirloin and prawns were great at first. However, when we asked to refill the teriyaki marinated sirloin and prawns, you can tell that those quality of the refillable sirloin and prawns dropped significantly. I guess those refillable food are cheap/sales stuff. I actually have the pictures with me.   We have spent $111 yesterday but was extremely disappointed with the food quality. I was thinking to give feedback at their website but I couldn't as I have forgotten to take the receipt with me and we need to fill in the receipt number in order to give feedback to the Melting Pot website.  I will never tried their ENDLESS FONDUE again as I do not want to eat those lousy food. I like to go to the Melting Pot BUT i think i will STOP going as i cant believe that they served bad quality food to their customer at the moment. I was thinking to tell my friends to try this ENDLESS FONDUE at first. However, I would tell all my friends NOT to try their ENDLESS FONDUE now.   I Hope that the Melting Pot will take note of this issue and please don't serve your customer with2nd/3rd grade food when your customers are willing to pay. I do not know the reason behind why you served bad quality food... Is that because of the price is cheaper or because of the business is not that good during this summer and you have tons of food in your freezer which are not fresh?
4 I've seen this restaurant all over the country but never went because I thought it was pricey for what you get.  Fortunately, Deal Chicken offered a $100 4-course meal and a bottle of wine for 4 people. Definitely worth the experience for that price.   First of all the building and all the neighboring stores are dark at night. Not a very inviting complex if you've never been to the area.  However, the interior is decorated and set up very nicely, typical of a traditional steakhouse.  Be sure to ask for table with dual tops if you want to try different fondues. Kind of silly to force 4 people to agree on one item imo.   Since we sat at a double stove, we got two cheese fondues, everyone had a house or ceased salad, then we get two entree hot pots (mojo and regular), then two desserts (we had yin/yang and bananas foster).  Overall the food quality was very good with a few misses. Bread pieces were cold and stale. Cake/cheesecake were dry. The house wine was pretty awful for this caliber restaurant, but I guess it never claims to be a wine place.  I didn't have problems with the filet as some others said. I was actually surprised by how tender the meat was. Other endless entrees were chicken, teriyaki steak,  shrimp, and a vegetable ravioli. You get to request as many refills of the entree items as you want.  Sauces were great and changed up each bite.  It's a fun and interactive meal. We spent 3 hours total, which I wasn't expecting so don't be in a hurry afterwards. Service started good but then she disappeared somewhere after the 2nd course.    Overall: I wouldn't come back at regular prices.  Maybe just for dessert if you want a romantic date. Or simply have someone else pay. =)
4 What is up people?  The Melting Pot is THE place to go and escape from reality.  Wifey loves to go and duck into their cozy private booths :).  Why is everyone griping about prices?  They have BOTTOMLESS fondue for $36.95 per person.  That is 4 courses.  I don't think you can get 4 courses at Chili's for that cheap.  Delicious cheese, fresh salad, cook your own food in a pot entree (Can't blame the chef for anything).  Then the best course......chocolate.  Warm, luscious, decadent, wife pleasing.    We just ate their for our 15th anniversary (yes...she is now eligible for Sainthood) and enjoyed this meal.  I don't know if these other reviewers actually listened to their server for cooking instructions (the food is raw...you cook it) but all my items were delicious.  As for refills...looked the same as what I originally got but on a smaller plate?  Oh and we had refills, believe me we took advantage of that.  This is the place to go and spend time with your better half and relax............  How does the Visa commercial go?  Oh yeah...2 four course dinners, 4 glasses of wine, tax and tip $135.  Reward when you get home....priceless!
1 We were here 3 - yes I typed three - hours for a meal with two little kids.  Very long waits between the courses with no attention from server.  Of the three hours at least 60 full minutes was spent without any food in front of us.  But the best part, incorrect charges on the bill.  Wines prices upcharged on actual receipt to 1.5X the price listed on the menu.  I asked the manager on duty why there was a discrepancy and he went behind the bar, got some cash and gave it to me.  Now mind you, it was of course, no where near the amount I was overcharged but I guess it relieved his conscience.  He handed me the money and said "It will take me too long to find out who your server was and look up the transaction, so here you go."  Unreal!  Food was average to below average and prices for what you get were a real rip off.  Original style broth that was recommended was so chock full of pepper you were downing water all night - if you could get a refill.  Save your money and time - go buy a fondue pot and do it at home.  You do all your own cooking here anyway so why not.  Will not return.  Hope this saves others a bad experience as well.
5 My BF decided to surprise me with The Melting Pot experience for our anniversary..I've always wanted to try it and have heard great things from friends.  The Melting Pot definitely did not disappoint! Our fondue aficionado, Kayla, was genuinely nice and made this special night one to remember.  We had the spinach & artichoke cheese to start...Yum!!! Especially on granny smith apples and the pumpernickel bread pieces. The California salad was pretty good, the dressing was REALLY good and the meat and veggie portions in round 3 were perfect. It doesn't LOOK like a lot of food, but trust me when I say your tummy knows the difference! Perfect portions. Last but not least...DESSERT! We had the turtle chocolate...O.M.G. it was heaven on a strawberry, rice krispie treat, pound cake and especially the brownie! The price wasn't too shabby as we did a special for about $40 per person, but heck you're paying for the ambient experience.  Thanks Kayla for making our anniversary one to remember.  We will be back!
3 We brought another couple to the melting pot, as I bought a 3 course meal for 4 from a on line discount offer. The parking lot is dark as well as the inside of this restaurant. We had a reservation booked 5 days in advance. We were seated at a table with one cook burner. I did not know they were tables with two burner until I read other on line reviews. We all had to make a decision on what one cheese fondu , as we only had one burner. The salads are small, but OK. The house wine served with dinner was not great, but that's what our discount included. The main dinner was served and it all was of good quality. We all enjoyed our steak, chicken and shrimp. I asked for more steak and they brought more, as advertised. Our server was a very nice young man who did a very good job. They automatically add in a 18% tip, based on the total value of $160.00 and said, "contact the manager if you have any issues."  We didn't stay for dessert as we went out for ice cream. Over all, it was OK. If fondu is what you are looking for, this is your place.
5 This was my first time at the Melting Pot and it definitely won't be my last! The food was delicious, our server/waiter Jeremy was extremely nice, accommodating and explained everything we needed to know, making the experience all the better!  Plus, ending the night with a classic chocolate fondue was just the icing to a perfect meal.
5 I went to the Melting Pot with my mother, 7 year old daughter and boyfriend for my 37th birthday and it was awesome! This is such a fantastic place to have a nice dinner with people you care about. The food is amazing and the service is great. It took 3 hours for us to complete our 4 course meal. We chose to do the all you can eat style 4 course meal which includes a salad. We were stuffed!! I'd recommend this to anyone looking to have a great meal and spend time with people you care about and enjoy.
4 Bought a DealChicken special for our anniversary...Super happy!!  This was a terrific dining experience! Ambiance is romantic and quiet. The staff was attentive and helpful to use first timers.   I have always wanted to do Fondue but hadn't until now. I wasn't disappointed! I read the Yelp reviews before hand, so I had an idea of what I was walking into. No surprise that dinner took 2 1/2 hours. But we were celebrating and I LOVE the company so no complaint! Celebrate we did! Our waiter was super in guiding us through the experience and helping us decide what flavors. Everything was really tasty! There is a seasoning that is called Garlic and Wine that they serve as a seasoning and we brought ourselves home a bottle and use it on all kinds of stuff, but mainly our salad. It was a good deal for only 7.98.  In conclusion, I don't really care to have my meat basically boiled so I wouldn't be a regular...But I will be back for the cheese dip and dessert portion of the meal. My honey on the other hand had no problem with the entire dinner and looks forward to returning.
5 Second time at the Melting Pot last night and it was just as amazing as the first. Our waitress suggested great drinks for me during our meal. The food was incredible, and its really a fun experience to cook it yourself at the table. Great concept for a restaurant. Upscale and classy. Will definitely be back!
4 My daughter took me here for my birthday and we had a wonderful meal!  I LOVE fondue!  For two people they offer the 4 course for one price (all you can eat), and it contained all the different fondues we love.    The nice thing about eating here is it requires conversing.  So many Americans today don't sit and enjoy a meal and talk.  As cooking fondue is a process, you go from one course to the other in a relaxing and enjoyable style.  It is a little dark in there, but it provides for an intimate ambiance.    The staff was fantastic.  A little slow the night we were there, but they didn't treat us like it.  Everyone wished me a Happy Birthday which was really nice.  Service was awesome, fondue was perfect.   This restaurant provides a relaxing ambiance that is perfect for a special meal. I would recommend.
4 I decided to go out with some friends here for my 30th birthday and I am so glad we did! It was my husband and 2 other couples, and we sat in a nice, private booth and had the BEST time. We had 2 LivingSocials and got quite a deal. That's always a plus! The server was terrific and really added to our enjoyment. I like how they don't rush you out of there and really expect you to stay all evening. And we did - for over 3 hours!!! We got to try two cheeses, broths, and desserts since there were 6 of us so that was awesome. I had a really great time!
3 My best friend is a Melting Pot Groupie.  It is one of  her favorite places on earth and when a Groupon popped up, she persuaded me to give it another shot.  (I had been many, many years ago and while we enjoyed our meal, we thought it was overly expensive.)    Our meal started out with a waiter who was clearly having some issues.  After being seated and mentioning our Groupon, you could almost see his face fall like we were The Table Of The Unwashed.  "Oh.  That's a different menu.  I'll go get those," as he whisked away our regular paying person menus and hoped that we would not choose to trim our toenails at the table.    Shortly afterward, my bestie asked for the manager and explained that our server was providing a less than stellar (and I'm being generous here) experience.  To his credit, the manager apologized and replaced our server with one who seemed to enjoy her life.    Beyond that, it was a lovely evening.  The waitress was friendly and engaging.  The food was good.  The drinks were good.  When the bill arrived, I still felt it was awfully expensive (even with the Groupon) given that we were cooking our own food.  I enjoyed myself but I will say that it's just not my thing.
4 This is a great spot for a date night.  We had a table right next to the fireplace.   Our server was slow at first, but very kind and a lot of fun.  The food was delicious.  We had a cheese fondue, salads, and an endless meat fondue.  Keep in mind this isn't your typical restaurant.  You don't go and get served ready-to-eat food.  You get served food that you cook in the fondue pot.  If you're OK with that, this is a lot of fun.  It can get a bit overwhelming keeping track of cooking times, but it's worth it.  We regret not getting a chocolate fondue for dessert, but we were way too full.
5 Great anniversary dinner. Justifiably recommended by our friends.  Lovely and decadent. We loved it
5 My wife and I went here for our Anniversary, and , as always, enjoyed it immensely!! Service is outstanding, and it is such a great evening.. Love the choices you have, and the various courses. If you want something special to do for a restaurant, this is your place!!
3 It's not that I wouldn't tell people to go here but this is what I would tell you. 1. Do not ever go here with a pregnant woman. We went here for our anniversary and I am 6 months pregnant. They sat us first in a tiny little booth, my belly was already touching the table and I began to get claustrophobic. I have never seen a booth so small in my life. It is a total design error. Private booths yes, not tiny private booths in a cubby in the wall--so uncomfortable. We asked to be moved, which I really felt for a place where we were spending that much money should have probably noticed that I was pregnant and found me the best most comfortable seat in the house--instead they found us a table with torturously hard chairs. Then they told me the big surprise that this is a 2 hour dining experience--a 6 month pregnant woman cannot sit in hard chairs for two hours--again someone should have noticed this and offered a better seating. I tried to brave it, in between the painfully slow out lay of tiny courses--again not fit for a starving pregnant woman--for about 2 hours, finally after several trips to the bathroom just to get the feeling back in my legs my husband had to ask to be moved again to an obviously better spot next to us--an open, normal sized booth with a cushy seat. I liked our waiter, very friendly, and the chocolate fondue at the end of the endless fondue was to die for. I'd go back and specify that I want a normal sized booth and probably just get the cheese fondue and chocolate. The other entrees were okay, but bring me out my food not in a trickle feed. By the end we had spent 3 hours there, had to move twice and I was just exhausted by the end and we paid over $130 for the whole thing. I've been to nicer restaurants and paid as much for more caring service perhaps and amazing food. It was alright, but again there's just a lot to know about the melting pot before you decide to spend three hours there. If you're looking for a romantic time with just some light eating and conversation then that's what this place has to offer, but men before you bring your girl there make sure to request a normal booth, and maybe think about ordering a la carte if you don't want to wait hours for your 4-course meal to be done.
5 I love this place! I went there with a group of friends for my boyfriends birthday on December 19,2013 and our waiter was excellent and so was the food! The only weird thing was having to cook your own food, but other than that it was great. Get the turtle chocolate fondu, it's to die for!
3 I went here because there was a living social deal (or maybe it was groupon). Either way, the prices are so outrageous that I never wanted to check the place out.  It was a fun experience and the food was good - I wouldn't go back again based on their normal prices (you're easily spending at least $120 for two people), but if there were another "deal" offer, I would go back.  It's definitely worth trying at least once, just for the experience and the food is good too (but not amazing or anything).
5 So far the best and funniest dinner I have ever had! Can't wait to come back! Unlike anything I have ever had!
5 Who can say no to dipping things in cheese? Who can say no to dipping things in chocolate? I decided to have a small gathering for my birthday, and I have never been here before and have always wanted to try. I pretty much knew I was going to enjoy the food before setting foot in the restaurant (again, cheese and chocolate). It would have to be something pretty awful to make me dislike that. Since we were a big enough party, we could try two types of cheese, broth for the main entree, and chocolates. Our server helped us navigate the process well. I don't have a single complaint, other than I couldn't order a second entree on the endless fondue because I was already popping buttons on my pants. So. Much. Food. I also appreciated their selection of local brews, although I have a suggestion for them if they ever want to expand (Sonoran White Chocolate, anyone?)  Would I go again? Definitely. I wouldn't get the 4-course meal, that is really pricey. Probably just separate cheese and chocolate selections. A great place to splurge now and again.
4 My boyfriend and I went here for valentine's day. We were warned that we would be there for hours as the meal consisted of a lot of food. They were right!  We went with the three or four course meal the restaurant was offering for the occasion, each course had a few limited options to choose from as it was the package deal.  We chose and started off with a simple cheese fondue with a variety of deli meats and bread.  While I did not particularly enjoy the cheese fondue, (probably from the bitterness) my boyfriend really liked it. To each their own right?  Next came our second course, I got the shrimp cocktail and my boyfriend got the salad. Boy was the sauce strong! But the the shrimp tasted fresh and was large and plump.  For our third course we got a large pot of oil that came with a nice large amount of raw sample meat with a large variety if dips and sauces, such as steak, shrimp, heart shaped ravioli, vegetables etc.. I was in love with this spicy dipping sauce and had to ask for more! It's important to note that this was all a meal for two, my boyfriend and I had to take our time as we were getting stuffed! We still had the dessert course which consisted or a  chocolate fondue with Bailey's liquor, served with a series of bite sized pastries and fresh fruit. The reason I give this four stars is because after we were seated in the curtained couples booth, we sat idly for quite a while. We had thought we were forgotten!  But once we got service our waitress made a nice save with her knowledge, recommendation on which meats paired well with which batter and sauce for frying, and the way she explained our courses with courtesy. Our meal ended with a nice little gift bag for a massage certificate, garlic wine seasoning, and a framed picture of our evening. If I had the choice I would come back again.
4 Pretty delicious! The melting pot is always one of my favorites. The service is always great (Ashley didn't disappoint during our visit yesterday). The food is consistently delicious. The quality is good but it's up to you to prepare it correctly. My one complaint and the reason I gave 4 vs 5 stars, I was charged $39.95 for the endless fondue but the website and the manager informed me that it'd be $36.95. It's only a $3 difference but, hey, that $3 could have covered my coffee.
5 Went here tonight for dinner for AZ restaurant week, very good choice. The whole process takes about 2 hours but it is always nice to just relax during the meal. Both my boyfriend and I decided to get the cheddar cheese fondue and the bouillon fondue for the meats. Both very good. We also got the house margarita and a strawberry lemonade. Very good portion size for what you pay for and the slow pace of it makes so that you get full. We noticed that service was suuuuper slow though to get our main meal, but our server took the liberty of taking care of our drinks because of the wait. Great service! Hoping to be back soon to try the happy hour!
2 The fondue style is kind of fun and the service is outstanding. The food it's self was not real exciting. The "Cheddar Cheese" fondue was no where near cheese - I'm not sure what it was. My husband and his buddy had one drink and then were cut off. Our friend is a little loud and flamboyant so maybe they thought he was drunk. Anyway, it was kind of a bummer for my birthday. The place is ultra quiet. Maybe it's supposed to be romantic, but I think it would great for families and kids.
5 If you know what to expect in a fondue restaurant this is an excellent place. Much better service than the other locations in Az. Our server was friendly, nice and made the visit very pleasant. Ask for Mike D in your reservation comments section.
5 After two extremely disappointing trips to the Melting Pot in Ahwatukee, I was hesitant to try the Scottsdale location. I had some dip certificates that were about to expire, so I decided to give them another try.   I am so glad that I did. Not only was the food amazing, but the service was excellent. Michael D. was the server, and he was friendly and professional. There were two managers walking around to make sure that everyone in the restaurant was satisfied, and I was very happy to honestly say that it was the best experience I've ever had at The Melting Pot in a long time. From now on, I'll only come to this location. If Michael is still there the next time I visit, I will definitely be asking for his section again.
4 I've been here a few times. A couple of times with the husband to enjoy a Groupon and a special menu option. And twice for ladies night with the co-workers since they do a special ladies night menu the first Tuesday of every month - which has a good price for all you get!  We almost always call ahead and make reservations - on ladies night, a reservation is a MUST since it fills up quickly.  The staff is always really friendly and they are more than happy to walk you through the process if you are new here.  The drinks are strong and the food comes in stages so you can really make this an great date night.    I'd be torn to choose between the cheese appetizer and the chocolate dessert for my favorite part of the meal, but since I'm more of a sweet than salty fan, I'll go with the dessert.  They always have special check-in offers and from time to time they offer Groupons, as well.  If you sign up online for their mailing list, you'll get some decent offers there, too!  Overall: A A great spot for a date night experience, ladies night out, or special dinner for a loved one! Be sure to seek out specials since it can get a touch pricey.
4 Great place for an entertaining dinner. It is expensive but the food/experience is wonderful. Dinner took a solid 2 hours.  I used to think fondue was only cheese....
1 We went to this place just so the kids could have some fun desert. I had been there a couple times before my kids were born (about 10+ years ago) and i thought we had a good experience, but things have changed now - for the worse. Place seems to be frequented by the rich old scottsdale clientele that arrive in their mercedes's and don't mind throwing 100bucks on what i would say is - mediocre food - and whats with being attended by snobbish waiters. We had one that barely showed up for taking the order, we could not get water on the table for a good 20 mins and had to ask the neighboring waiter - who also seemed to forget us - only when we called another waiter across the table did we get some water. The way it works is - you get a bunch of fruits and cookies and other dippers that you can dip in a bowl of molten chocolate. When the waiter showed up - he reminded us that if everyone on the table had a plate, we would have to pay 9$ each. I am not sure why he said that - as if we would not be able to afford it or something. I know the desert is overpriced  - but i m there with my family to have a good time. Take the order and bring back some food - and should not be too hard to smile when you do that. Anyways, he took the order and disappeared. Showed up after a while and had two plates - i was like - i just ordered food for all on the table - why skimp? i did not make a fuss - we still made sure the kids enjoyed and i still paid him the 20% gratuity- which he did not deserve. Piss poor service with mediocre food. Sad. I don't generally give out reviews, let alone bad ones, but i was not happy here.
2 Went to the melting pot for my husband and I's wedding anniversary a few weeks ago. The service was good the food was tasty, but now I remember why we don't go very often ..because it is so darn expensive and you cook your own food!! It was nice to have the photo of us that they took as a memento, however that was the extent of the anniversary goodies. (They have an anniversary package that they make you pay extra for which we did not get). The restaurant was also super dark inside. Probably won't be going back anytime soon since our bill was well over $100.. Yikes..
