4 A year ago someone hit my car in a parking lot and took off. My deductible was $500 and they managed to pay for my deductible because my car wasn't able to properly turn and my door woulldnt POW. They fixed it in 3 days and did a great job! You cant tell there was ever any problems! Thanks guys!
5 I got a recommendation to go here from my car guy *Gary at Advanced Auto* and he couldn't have been more right. I took my car in to get a quote on having the bumper fixed post fender bender and the owner, a man named Kelly, was beyond helpful. He quoted me repair versus replace and offered to pay for my rental car upon my return to get my car fixed. I've never had such great personal service. I will definitely be bringing my car here when I'm ready to get the damage fixed.
5 This shop sure fixed my problem fast and without any issues.  I was rear-ended and stopped by to get an estimate, which I got in about 15 minutes.  Easy and convenient.    The estimate was reasonable and they stayed within it.  In fact, it was actually better and more accurate than the insurance company shop, which I also visited for an estimate.  They promised to get the car out in 24 hours or so and they beat that - it was ready the same day.  I recommend this body shop.  The repair job was just beautiful.  And they even washed my car!
5 These guys are great! Kelly and mark are always professional and I always refer my customers to them.  Especially for classic cars. But, they do all makes body shop repairs! Thanks guys for helping me out! See you next time my truck needs fixed.
5 I came here for an estimate on some damage on my car. I found them through Yelp and because of their great reviews went here.  Kevin Mitchell was wonderful.  I felt completely at ease here and he showed me where I actually had more damage on my car than I thought I did.  He wrote up an estimate for me and did not try to get me to schedule that day or push me into anything.  Once I get my estimate done through my insurance, I will definitely come back here to get the work done because I feel they will do great work and they care about their results and their customers.  Thank you Kevin  Mandy Brehm
5 I just picked up my car from Brighton Ranch body shop today and without being asked or enticed I am happily writing a review of my experience.  I had a minor accident after I moved here last month.  I searched on Yelp and found this shop nearby so I went for an estimate.  I also went to another shop that my insurance company referred and had a similar estimate.  Kelly the manager is super nice and patient and he followed up with me a few times in the following weeks while the other shop didn't even call once.  I decided to drop my car with him because he followed up with me. And he finished the entire body work in less than the promised time (in 3 days vs 5 days of the other shop)!   I am very happy about my experience being the newbie in town. If you are unfortunately involved in an accident like me be sure to visit Kelly to get an estimate!  It's the people who makes or fails a business. Kelly is the maker and a keeper! Thanks Kelly!   Maggie W
