4 Nadya hemmed my wedding dress on a rush order and did a fantastic job.  The dress was silk and the drape was on bias so I was a bit nervous handing it over but she did a marvelous job in a short time.
1 Was dissapointed in this last job and wasn't so impressed the first time, so my fault for going back. First, if I am paying $18 to have a simple hem done on pants, I would hope that would include them pressing the pants. Second, when I put the pants on, I am positive they didn't even hem them. I will not be taking them back for them to charge me $18 again, and will probably be doing the hem myself.
5 Nadya is one of the nicest people you will ever meet.  Part of her personality is what kept me coming back.  Recently she altered a bridesmaids dress for my girlfriend and did a terrific job.  Flawless.  In years past, she has altered all of my "work attire."  I have since moved, but whenever I return home, if I ever need any work done I will bring it with.  Nadya, you are a wonderful person, and any recommendation I can send your way I will!
4 Nadya and her daughter are very friendly and it was a joy taking my bridesmaid dress to her for alterations.  It looked fantastic, like it hadn't even been altered, when I picked it up and it fit so much better!  I'm so glad they are close to my home because I will be taking all my clothes there from now on!
1 Just moved out here from San Francisco. I thought prices for alterations were expensive there but its way more here. I did not agree with prepaying for a hem job and the lady promptly snapped at me saying a lady early in the day made a $300 prepayment with no issues. Hmm thanks for belittling me. Nonetheless I won't be going back here. Only reason I dropped off a pair of pants is because of time constraints.
5 Nadya does a great job with alterations!  I took my wedding dress to her for alterations that needed to be completed in 4 days and she made it happen! The dress looks beautiful and she is just a pleasure!
1 They wanted 30 dollars to hem a apron..when I told them that's too expensive they told me I can go somewhere else and gave me my apron. Don't like to give bad reviews to little shops but it was upsetting
5 Nadya is amazing. She is a kind, sweet woman is does a great job. Will be bringing all my alteration needs to her!
5 Nadya has done both of my bridesmaid dress for my sister's wedding and my own wedding dress.  She was so kind to be able to rush my wedding dress alterations for me.  She is extremely sweet and did amazing work.  My dresses were both perfect.
5 Nadya is an old school, from the ground up, tailoring seamstress.  She does beautiful work! I recommend her for ANYONE, man or woman, who is looking for quality work.
4 My coworker recommended Nadya.  I was looking for a place to go that was convenient to stop by on the way home from work. I haven't had anything hemmed in years, so I'm not sure how the prices compare. I had a pant leg hemmed shut where the stitches had come out, and a new zipper added to a pair of jeans, and it was $35.  They did a great job, and when I went back to pick them up she had me cracking up! She was helping another lady while I waited who must go there often, and they were laughing and the lady thanked her a bunch and hugged her goodbye. I think she has a great friendly personality! The only thing I was a little surprised about was prepaying, I wanted to wait to make sure everything looked good first.  They said so many people forget to come back that they have to charge up front. Nonetheless both pants turned out great!
