2 Worst. Bank. Ever. Well, for me, at least. YMMV. You'd think with Nordstrom's customer service acumen this would be a winner (and the service, while available during quite limited hours, is much more prompt than other banks with endless menus), but it seems they are just phoning it in.  Have you ever seen this bank marketed anywhere?  Did you ever know it even existed?  A department store has an actual retail bank, not just to issue its own credit cards (see: Macy's) but to actually accept deposits?  It seems as it Nordstrom encourages its employees to bank there, and figures if some random member of the general public stumbles across them, why turn the occassional person away?  Deposits can be made at their one branch in North Scottsdale - convenient to nothing - up until 3pm.  Don't sleep in, don't get stuck in Scottsdale traffic, don't get lost in a maze of no-U-turns and streets that bisect each other getting there, because they have no ATM, no night deposit, no nothing.  Instead, you mail your funds in in their prepaid envelopes. Sounds nice, but while I can mail something from Phoenix to Tucson and it arrives the next day, apparently Nordstrom's PO Box goes unloved by the USPS. Mailing deposits 20 miles away is a days-long process. More confounding is their 11-business-day hold policy on new accounts. Granted, it goes away in a month or two, but if you want your funds faster than MORE than two weeks from now, you'll have to pony up a cashier's check. How convenient.  Then you have to call to find out when your deposits get there and you can spend your money, because the online banking system has to be manually approved for you to use it.  That can take days. They sped it along when I asked, but I had to take a call to ask.  There's certainly potential for Nordstrom Bank for a small subset of North Scottsdale fashionistas who get direct deposit and don't need the branch.  I'll admit their 1% rewards program on even debit cards is pretty great. Unfortunately, even for someone like me who runs a lot of large charges through his debit card, it may not be worth it.  $10k/month equals $100 in rewards, which is great, but for driving out of the way, making phone calls, getting cashiers checks, checking on deposits, waiting, waiting, and waiting some more, even a perpetual reward-seeking cheapskate like myself is beginning to think you can do better.  Unless you're rather patient.
3 Customer service has improved and they've gotten easier to get a hold of.  Still a bit inconvenient at times but I guess you should know that going in.
5 This is the greatest bank!! I live in California and bank here. Customer service is top notch. I cannot say enough good things about them.  Their on line banking actually works. We have 3 checking accounts and it is easy to transfer money as needed. We also have a couple of CD's at this bank.  Deposits are not a problem. Most of ours are direct deposit anyway, and they will send you postage paid envelopes for the occasional odd check that needs to be deposited. I just include a post it stuck to the last deposit slip asking for 10 more envelopes, and the new supply of envelopes arrives in a couple of days.  There are no ATM's out the area, but do not be deterred. If you use any ATM in the world, you just email Lynn or Julie with the total when you get your bank statement. They will credit back all ATM fees every month.  (This may be automated by now.) I just try to keep it simple and do "withdrawals" using my debit card when I go into a grocery store.  This bank is a well kept secret. When I was calling for a customer service question for my Nordstrom credit card, I just happened to ask if Nordstrom Bank was a real bank and could I set up a checking account. (It occurred to me that I always wrote my payment check out to Nordstrom Bank. How cool that they have their own bank.) I have never been happier with a bank.   A couple of years ago we were passing through the Phoenix area and actually stopped in to say hello. I am so happy to have a bank that I actually like and a bank that wants to keep me as a customer by treating me well.
