5 Lenny (the tint wizard) did a fantastic job. He was fast and efficient and also prevented me from making a dumb rookie tinting maneuver by providing his honest opinion as opposed to just going for the bigger sale. I was having work done on my car over at Rick's Auto Body and just had them drop it off at Tint Wizard when they were finished.    Worked out nicely and my car looks sweeeet... Thanks Lenny!
5 Lenny did a fantastic job on my Nissan Altima.  I highly recommend him.  He was courteous and professional.
5 I recently bought a new vehicle and Tint Wizard was recommended to me by my boss. He has had 7 cars tinted with this company. My experience was nothing but perfect. Lenny (what a personable guy) not only gave me an appointment sooner than I expected, my vehicle was done in an hour and a half. Although I had my boss pick me up so I could work during the installation, there is a very comfortable waiting room there. On top of this, the cost was extremely reasonable for what I had done. I expected to pay more. It has been three weeks since I had this done and the tint is laid down perfectly as well as protecting my interior from the hot Arizona sun. Thank you, Lenny. You and your team rock!
5 I just had my rear window re-tinted by Lenny and the Tint Wizard on the Greenway-Hayden Loop in Scottsdale. Great job and excellent service by an owner operator establishment! No upsale and I HIGHLY recommend them, so next time you need your windows tinted pass on the hard sell car wash guys and stop in and see Lenny. You will be glad you did.
5 Great Tint Shop in the Scottsdale, AZ  The owner is a awesome and will treat you right.  Tell them that David sent you!
5 I had the windows of my 2005 Honda Accord tinted at this business when I bought the car new  in 2005. After 7 years the driver's side window tinting had become distorted and I was pleasantly surprised to find that they were still in business. I booked an appointment and waited for my two front window tinting to be repaired/replaced and then was really shocked when I was told there was no charge as it was under warranty. This business was referred to me back in 2005 by someone (I can't remember who) and I can now see why.
5 The tinting on the rear window on my car was really bubbled -- I could hardly see out of it.  Lenny removed it and put on new tinting that looks great.  He charged the price that was quoted beforehand, and there was no up-selling or price changes.  I highly recommend Tint Wizard.
5 Like others have said, Lenny is a genuinely nice guy who won't try to sell you the most expensive tint that you don't need anyway.  Five minutes after he took my car back to begin tinting, I changed my mind and had him use one shade darker tint (which was a bit more expensive).  Lenny said he wanted to recommend that one initially, but didn't want to be pushy.  Now that's the kind of salesman I want to work with.  He answered all of my email questions and phone calls promptly, which is a big deal in my book.  After meeting Lenny, I was confident that he would treat my car as if it were his own.  Talk with him once and you'll see how passionate he is about window tint.  The tint is high quality and looks great.  He cuts it all by hand and you can see the craftsmanship in his work.  No bubbles, streaks, or wrinkles... the interior is so much cooler now!  I'll be going back soon to have him do my sunroof (ironic, no?).  I highly recommend Tint Wizard.
5 I've been going to Lenny at Tint Wizard for about 8 years now. He's a great guy, very personable, honest businessman, and he races motorcycles! I mean, if nothing else in my review sells you on his shop...that should!  Lenny has done multiple vehicles of mine and never disappoints. I had tried several tint shops around Phoenix before finding Lenny - he and his crews' expertise and quality work is unmatched. I have yet to see anyone line up tint on side window edges the way he does, no gaps, no uneven waves, never bubbles, never peels. He works very efficiently, even when I wait at the shop it seems like he's finished in no time. I've recommended friends who have been equally pleased with the work from Tint Wizard.  Don't bother with some mobile tint company that does work outdoors and is over-priced, or the car wash tinters that lack skill and don't stand behind their work, just get it done right the first time.
5 Went to get my Nissan altima done and Lenny did a great job. He greeted me with a firm handshake and started off by giving me the general overview of the quality and types of tints possible. When I need another tint I know who to go to now.
3 I looked at reviews on Yelp like many others, so I decided to go to Tint Wizard.    They took 3.5 hrs when he  said 2.5 to 3 hrs.  Which is fine and I'm not complaining about that.  Lenny says it's tougher with convertibles.    After I washed the car I took my car back there to have him look at the specks of dirt.  He states that's normal.  I've had 3 other cars tinted and I've never noticed that.  I even had my last car done at my place and I had no complaints it was much cheaper.    I only saw one at first.  But on my way home, I noticed 5 or more specks of dirt.  I'll see how much it bothers me in the coming days.    He says because my car was dirty, but I'm not buying that.  Why only on the one window and the rest of them are perfect.  Trust me I will be looking.    He did say he would re do it, but there could be another one??  For what I paid I believe it could've been better a job.  I'm being generous for 3 starts because 2 stars means I've experienced better--which is true and for less money.
5 I spotted this place on my way to Right Toyota. Having just moved here from New England, I knew I wanted to get my windows tinted to help keep my car cool. I stopped back on Monday and spoke to Lenny who explained the different tints and manufacturers of tints and I learned a great deal. He was very friendly and informative and there was no pressure. I scheduled my car for the next day. I dropped it off and two hours later was called to pick it up. I was absolutely amazed at what an outstanding job they did. I love the look and the quality is exceptional. If you need your car windows tinted, bring it here!
1 I called for a quote to have old window tinting removed and replaced with new tinting for a small sedan. The owner was very nice but he quoted me $300.00. Yikes!  I went elsewhere and got the work done for $150.00.
1 I had my small SUV tinted and about 2 years after my tint started to bubble and peel off multiple windows! The owner, Lenny who had tinted many other family cars and remembered me and my family when I went in to show him how badly my tint had started to look said that because I had no receipt or proof of a warranty he could not help me. He said I would have to pay full price for removal and for it to be reapplied! He was such a jerk and I have spoke to multiple people in the car business in Scottsdale air park specifically who have awful things to say about him. Terrible customer service!
