4 I've been going here my entire pregnancy and the staff is awesome. Dr. Mary Deka is a total sweetheart and makes sure you're happy and comfortable. She cares about her patients and is very knowledgeable as are the nurse practitioners I've had to see when Deka is out delivering a baby. The office is really nice and quiet.  The only thing is the wait can be a little bit overboard sometimes. I've waited up to an hour to see my doctor. Not so great when you have other things to do afterwards or somewhere to be.
5 I can't say enough good things about Dr. Deka and all the wonderful staff at Paradise Valley OB-GYN.  I was originally referred to their practice from a very trusted friend who also happens to be a doctor.  Her whole hearted recommendation to use their practice as the "best around" was all I needed to hear and they have certainly lived up to the praise!  Dr. Deka oversaw my entire pregnancy and postpartum visits.  Her assistant Grey is also wonderful and very reassuring.  I've since referred 2 other friends who are pregnant to use her.  I couldn't imagine using anyone else for my next pregnancy.  She made every visit special and I'm able to look back on the entire pregnancy experience with the best memories.
3 I visited Dr. Crum for my annual pap test and an overall wellness exam.   The waiting area was spacious and well decorated and the office staff was professional. Dr. Crum was nice too and I appreciated her easy-going, down-to-earth manner.  It's difficult to explain but overall there is not a sense of warmth or sincerity in the practice (i.e. waiting room, exam room, etc) or from the doctor.    Maybe it's because I'm not pregnant, but from check-in to check-out I received the impression that I'm on a conveyor belt and needed to just stick to the basics and wrap things up sooner rather than later - which is what I did instead of asking all my questions and addressing all my concerns.  :-(   Even so, from looking up reviews and scouting the 'Best Doctors' magazine, thus far I think that Paradise Valley OB-Gyn is the best bet, but it'd be nice to have professionalism AND warmth (thus the 3 stars) - if someone knows of such a place, write a Yelp review and let me know!
5 I normally don't enjoy going to the gyno; my experience has always been awkward and uncomfortable...that is, until I started going to Dr. Mary Deka at Paradise Valley OB-GYN.  I couldn't be happier with Dr. Deka; she really put me at ease.    The facility is high-tech and has an upscale feel to it.  I always hate those doctor's offices where you're forced to sit shoulder-to-shoulder with other patients--they've solved this at Paradise Valley OB-GYN; you've got many seating options to choose from in the waiting area.   The staff is polite, respectful and courteous.  My needs are always met and they go out of their way to follow up with patients (again, I've had some experiences at other offices where the patient is expected to follow up...I prefer it to be other other way around).    I couldn't be more satisfied with Dr. Deka and her staff, I highly recommend Paradise Valley OB-Gyn!
1 My experience could not have been more negative.  The doctor's medical protocol made me very sick.  She admitted to several errors but did not correct them then would not correct them when brought to her attention twice.  Her staff did/does not return phone calls.  There are too many doctors in the valley to put your health in the hands of this doctor and her staff.
5 I'm very pleased with PVOBGYN! I was referred there by someone my husband works with at Scottsdale Healthcare. We were told to see Dr. Deka and I'm so thankful I went with her. She's super friendly, answers questions with thoughtful answers and doesn't make you feel rushed. She's an experienced mother herself so I feel like she knows what I'm going through (being pregnant) and empathizes with me. I have nothing but great things to say about her and the staff.
5 PV OB-Gyn is great! My vagina and uterus have received wonderful care over the years by Dr. Dado, Laura Waggener NP, and Margarett Gossett NP (I get around, hehe). Their professionalism and friendly bedside manner make the awkward positioning and nakedness of our meetings a little more comfortable. The ancillary staff is just as friendly and professional. The office itself is new and very modern. The waiting area is beautiful with plenty of spacious seating and a coffee station to visit while you wait.   The exam rooms have a huge TV in it that you can navigate yourself and learn about any OB or Gyn issue you may have or might just be curious about. Also, I love the fact that you don't have to feel any pressure when you get changed. When you are ready, all you have to do is push the green button and it lets your care provider know you are ready for them to come in.
5 Dr. Mary Deka is an amazing gynecologist! She makes you feel comfortable and at ease. I always look forward to seeing her. I am sure that sounds strange when one is talking about their gyno. :-)   The office is extremely clean, welcoming and modern. The staff at PV OBGYN are amazing as well! Dr. Deka's nurse, Grey, is wonderful.    If you need an annual, or are looking for an amazing DR to deliver your baby, Dr. Deka is your girl! I would sincerely recommend her to anyone!
5 Mary Deka is a great gynecologist! I agree with the most recent review - the staff is cool & will help you with your benefits by calling & checking for you!! Most places won't do that and it is a life saver. Love this place.
1 I love Dr. Deka, but could never get in to see anyone but her nurse practitioner, who missed some pretty simple things.  Sent me to two different specialists for 2 separate problems, both stated my gyn should have known what this was.  They never sent copies of my tests to specialists despite my calls and never reported back to me with test results.  Waste of time, sad I won't be seeing Dr. Deka but relieved I never need to see her nurse practitioner again!
1 I'll have to echo the sentiment of Shannon B.  I went to PVOBGYN as a new patient because I wanted to chat with more doctors and get second/third opinions regarding my pap results & recommended course of treatment that I'd received from another health provider.  Specifically, I was seeking information on non-invasive and/or natural alternatives to a LEEP procedure, but wanted to speak to a few more MDs before going to a naturopath.    The office has all kinds of classy-looking dark wood paneling, high ceilings, nice carpet, LCD tvs, a coffee station, blah blah blah.  Whatever.  I go to a doctor for medical advice and treatment, not examples in interior design.  The lobby was also full of ads pushing baby formula and cord blood banking which I felt was odd given we know breastfeeding is healthiest for mom & baby, and that newborns receiving their own cord blood via delayed clamping is highly beneficial.  This issue is not specific to PVOBGYN but you'd think a classier place would have the sense to say no to these companies just trying to make a buck and increase their profit margins.  Oh wait, or maybe the office got a referral kickback and it was said pushing of services that paid for their nice interior decorations.  Who knows.  I found it in poor taste.  Dr. Deka was recommended to me from a trusted friend, but as soon as she sat down and we started talking I felt like she wasn't listening to my concerns.  She would only default back to medical protocol and when I posed challenging questions she responded she "didn't really know."    I was particularly interested in ways I can help my own body naturally fight off high-risk viral strains and promote healthy cell growth.  I told Dr. Deka that I was taking some supplements, adding more cruciferous vegetables to my diet, and increasing my consumption of raw juice from kale, carrots, beets etc - then I asked what more she recommend I do.  Her response was "Well maybe if you get the LEEP you won't need to juice so much."  WHAT???  What kind of "health" professional would ever recommend against doing something that has only been proven to improve one's well being??!?!?!     When I expressed concern over the likelihood of repeat LEEP procedures, since I have had recurring abnormalities since the age of 17 and am only in my 20s, Dr. Deka replied she "hadn't had any patients who had required a second procedure."  Okay, well I'm going to take that with a grain of salt, being that she's only in her early 30s and earned her doctor of medicine in another state - highly unlikely she has any long term data from her own practice or has seen a patient for over 5 years.  I'm not impressed with this place.  Their only redeeming quality is that the support staff are nice.
1 I have seen Dr. Deka 4 times. She is very friendly, kind and gentle. The office staff is helpful and the office is clean, updated and large.   Although all of that is wonderful the reason we go to see a doctor is to get help with a medical problem. I was hospitalized when an ovarian cyst ruptured. While I was there they informed me I had other cysts and they were "complicated". I was told to see an OBGYN as soon as I could get in. I saw Dr. Deka soon after. I brought my hospital paperwork with me. She examined me, did some tests and said she would review all my results and get back to me in a day or two.   After 3 days I began calling everyday for 2 weeks asking for results. I finally got a call from them saying everything was fine and not to worry and to just get another ultra sound in 6 months.  I went to see another OBGYN after not hearing back from Dr. Deka. After seeing me once, this doctor has scheduled me for surgery to remove the abscesses on my ovaries. She told me if I had not followed up with her and followed Dr. Deka's instructions I would have become ill and in quite a lot of pain.  I wouldn't recommend Dr. Deka to anyone. Her lack of care or lack of intelligence put me in danger.
5 LOVE, LOVE, LOVE DR. DEKA!!  I have been going to Dr. Deka for a few years now and I only have great things to say about Paradise Valley OBGYN. It is a very busy practice and they took book up quickly but that's a good sign to me. Any issue I have had the nurse Mary calls me back the same day and always handles things for me . The office is beautiful, clean and the staff is great. I wish I could give them more stars!
5 Dr. Mary Deka is a great OB/GYN. I have been seeing her during my pregnancy and she is very informative and helpful. Would refer her to friends and family. All the staff is really friendly and Mary who takes questions during the day calls back same day and is very great as well.
5 My child is now a month old so I guess it is safe to write this review because he seems to be healthy and happy.  Having never been to an OBGYN before I didn't know quite what to expect.  From my (a guy's) perspective the whole process was very smooth and I couldn't be happier with Dr. Deka and almost the entire office staff.  The office is clean, runs on time, and everybody is very helpful and friendly.  I made it to every single one of the prenatal appointments and Dr. Deka was always on time, very knowledgeable, and was patient with me when I asked stupid questions.  On the big day she was there to deliver our new family member and made it look easy.  Dr. Deka is a birthing rockstar and the entire process was completely enjoyable (at least for me because I didn't pass out).  If I have another child I will definitely use Dr. Deka.
5 I am 2 weeks postpartum and I can only say good things about this office and Dr Deka. A side note from another reviewer- "she always seems to be on maternity leave"  ... She actually delivered my baby 2 weeks ago at 4 am then had her own baby later in the day. That shows the commitment that this office really tries to deliver their own patient's babies and not have the on call or hospitalist OB do it.   Dr Deka saw me promptly at every single appt and was very warn and caring. She took the time each visit to make sure I left with no questions.   The office staff is very well organized and kind. I never had to wait longer than ten minutes to go back for my appt. They run the office very efficiently!   You will be in good hands! Dr Crum visited me in the hospital to check on me (since Dr Deka is always on maternity leave) and she spent a good amount of time making sure I was ok and that my new baby was doing well too.   Oh and bonus... All the doctors here are VBAC friendly! Truly amazing experience here!
5 I have been a patient of Dr Newman's for 10 years and would never trust anyone else with my women's care.  His easy going personality and sense of humor  puts me at ease when normally I'm a ball of nerves at doctors appts.  Aside from this I know he also has a tremendous amount of compassion and respect for his patients and truly cares about their well-being.  I feel very confident in saying he is the best doctor I have ever had.
5 This office is very clean and the entire staff have always been professional.   I wish all doctors in general was at least a fraction of Dr. Deka Mary.I was a patient of Dr. Deka for six years. Dr. Deka was very personal and caring, which made my visits very pleasant. She always remembered details of my personal life and shared about hers too.   I have friends that have had their kids delivered by Dr. Deka and stated about their great experiences. I feel sad that I have moved from the area and no longer am able to see her.   I highly recommend Dr. Deka.
5 I just recently had my first child with Dr. Robert Newman. I couldn't have asked for better care. He was very prompt and I never and any issues with scheduling. I truly enjoyed his attentiveness and fun loving nature. I never felt like just a number to him or his nurse. I was always treated warmly by the entire staff.  I will be recommending Dr. Newman to everyone I know and I love knowing I will have best care for years to come.
5 Dr. Mary Deka.....I love her...respect her and she is just beyond any words...she has showed us the happiness...my lil one who is 4 months old now and it was all possible because of her :-) I have been her patient since my pre-conception days and the way she treated my health problems and then during the entire pregnancy days followed by my delivery at Scottsdale Hospital...it was like a cake walk! She is one of the best doctors I have ever met and I would recommend her in a heartbeat...she is awesome to talk to and never seen her getting irritated with even multiple repeated questions...after being patient for almost a year, I really miss meeting her once a month/ week ! Thank you so much mam, you are the best :-)
1 HORRIBLE experience!  If I could give 0 stars, i would. My husband and I recently found out I was pregnant with our first child.  I went to this office because of the excellent reviews on Yelp and the close proximity to my place of work.  First problem:  I called the office on a Monday (March 24) and they were able to get me an appoint me with a NP the very next day.  However, I called out of fear of having a miscarriage.  When I get to the appt (March 25), the tech asks me, "Oh you're just here about pregnancy questons, correct?" I said, "No, I'm here because of a possible miscarriage and I told this to the girl that gave me the appt."  The tech was very confused and said they would probably not have the time slot to do any ultrasounds or things of that nature.  VERY disappointing and completely off-base.  How do you go from miscarriage to pregnancy questions?  Second problem: The nurse practitioner's name was Margaret.  She did not have any information for me regarding a first pregnancy (she did not even ask).  Right away, she said it sounded like a miscarriage and seemed to just want to take some blood work and send me on my way.  Finally, she decided to do a pelvic exam.  She showed very little compassion and had a horrible bed side manner.  I was very uncomfortable around her. After the exam, she had me get dressed and come out for blood work.  She handed me a paper regarding exercise and nutrition for pregnancies and left me with the girl that would be drawing my blood.  She told me to come back in 2 days at the same time.  My husband and I left the office and I called the urgent care where I had been seen and initially found out I was pregnant to get my previous hormone levels.  I then called this office back to make sure they gave those numbers to Margaret so she could check them against the new blood work.  The next day (March 26), Margaret called me to tell me that the numbers were high and this was a good thing.  However, she failed to check her numbers against the numbers I had called the previous day to give them.  She then checks them over and goes, "Oh... no, they went down.. looks like it's a miscarriage."  JUST LIKE THAT!!!!  All nonchalant, like she's telling me I wasn't the 19th caller for some damn concert tickets.  How horrible of a person can you be to tell someone that they are miscarrying like it's no big deal???  I then called her office manager and left a message.  She never returned my call.  That was on Wednesday, March 26th.  NEVER will I ever go back to this place again.  It's unfortunate that I did not get to meet/see Dr. Deka.  She really needs to consider getting rid of Margaret.
5 As with ANY Doctors office...sometimes they run late and you have to wait.  Dr Chelsea Crum has delivered two beautiful girls for me and I can't say enough good things about her. She has always been upfront about potential problems or concerns(my pregnancy weight, advanced age) and is more than willing to listen to you as well.  I survived to two c-sections with Dr Crum and couldn't have received better care from her or her colleagues at Scottsdale Shea Hospital. We have a great working relationship and produced two healthy little girls - recommend Dr Crum to everyone.  I have also been served by Dr Deka and loved her too!
1 I wouldn't go here again if it was free and the last place on earth. I had vaginal bleeding for 8 months. EVERY SINGLE DAY. At my appointment, a PAP smear and annual examination was done. They insisted my hormones were "out of control," which for some reason would be useless to test the levels as they were already messed up. I told them I have a family history of estrogen induced breast cancer. Their solution was to prescribe me a very high estrogen birth control pill which made me have horrific hot flashes. By the way, I'm 36, with no prior history or births. At this point, my mother insisted I get a second opinion. I went to a different OBGYN who gave me an exam, immediately finding a large polyp on my cervix which was bleeding as well as uterine fibroids and polyps, also bleeding. Thank GOD for second opinions!
