4 My boyfriends Mom and Sister referred me to to Paulene's. The place is sort of hidden between a yogurt shop and Wildflower Bread Co. I walked in on a Thursday mid afternoon, asked for a mani/pedi and got right in. I was surprised how busy the were for it being mid week and all. The staff was nice and polite and complimented my color choice...perhaps they were just being nice. :) Tammy did both the mani and pedi. She was very patient with me as I had asked for the Gel Soak Off for both. It usually takes a bit longer as there are more steps involved. Tammy was sweet and had a very relaxed tone in her voice. She worked clean and efficient and didn't try to push any extras...which I hate!!  4 weeks and counting after my visit, my pedicure looks brand new.  Sort of amazing for an open toe shoe junkie.  Paulene's is clean, quick and a very pleasant experience. all around.  Note:  Bring cash for tips...their CC machine only runs as debit.  :(  I had to take one star away for that.
4 I realized on New Year's Eve that I had done some terrible planning on my part and may not be able to get in to get a mani/pedi before my trip to Mexico due to most places being closed on New Year's Day.  I woke up early and headed to the closest place to where I was house sitting in hopes to beat the New Year's Eve rush.  I was able to get right in here at Paulene's.  Hannah was very friendly and did a great job.  My pedi is just now starting to look as though it needs freshening up (2 weeks have passed).  My mani started to go after a week, but I also spent a lot of time in the ocean during that week.  My only issue with this salon is that you cannot add a tip on if you are using your credit card.  I never carry cash and always use my check card.  I had to head to the atm afterward to get cash for Hannah.  I wonder how many people just end up not tipping because of this.  Be sure to bring cash before you go.  My basic mani/pedi was $40 before tip.
4 I had the choice between a pedicure or a haircut/wash/dry as a present from my lovely boyfriend yesterday as part of our Valentine's Day celebration. A pedicure and leg massage sounded great so I looked up salons in the area and found decent reviews for Paulene's.   After I walked in they had me pick out a color and sent me to a chair. A girl walked up with a plastic liner for the tub and set it in, then turned on the water. It wasn't feeling very hot and she asked me if the temperature was ok and I said I would like it hotter, like REALLY hot. And she smiled and nodded like she understood me. But it was just luke warm. I thought maybe she would add more hot but no. She asked me again and I said it's still not hot enough. I think she either ignored me and didn't want to drain the water and refill it or something I don't know. Either way I gave up and sat back, already sad because the hot water is one of my favorite parts. She was also SO quiet I could barely understand her. Usually it's not a problem for me knowing what someone is saying even if they have an accent, but she was speaking in a whisper and I had to ask her a few times to repeat what she had said.   I decided to get the salt scrub pedicure it was $5 more than the regular at $29 total. She clipped my nails and cuticles, did a pumice stone scrub, then brought the salt scrub out. I really like their foot rests here, they aren't flat but more at an angle, and can be tilted forward or back to accommodate what is going on. So none of that awkward lifting your feet and your leg getting tired deal. The salt scrub felt great and she spent a lot of time on the massage. After rinsing she rubbed in a lotion, then went to the back and got hot stones as well as a hot wet towel to wrap my feet in. After all this she used some type of oil on the already lotioned legs and that felt super soft!  She started on the clear coat and then color. I chose a dark tan and there were barely any mistakes so I was happy. I sat for at least fifteen minutes to make sure they were dry. I brought cash so it wasn't  a problem to pay and leave a tip.  I would go back here for the great service for a decent price, but I will be sure to make it clear from the first moment I walk in that I will accept nothing but painfully hot water ;)
5 I love this place ! I did some research and read reviews. So I came here and started working with Kay. She is very gentle with my sensitive nails. Kay did a very good job. I would also recommend any of the ladies for pedicures. I am so relieved to have found a place that can do a proper job.
5 I have been going here for years.  The place is tucked in next to Wildflower Bread Company in the Sonoran Shopping center.  The place is spotlessly clean, the people are friendly and pleasant and they are always willing to accommodate me.  The tubs for pedicures has a disposable liner for each appointment and the instruments used are in a sealed sterile bag for each client.  Prices are very reasonable.  I highly recommend this salon.
4 Visiting from Mn and decided to try a different place in Scottsdale than I normally go to. Found Paulene's on Yelp and had good reviews so decided to check it out. Took my husband and son with me...my 7 year old loves getting pedicures with mom :). We were seated right away and given bottles of cold water. I noticed that the water started off hot, but as soon as they had the two other bowls filling my water was running cold. That is why I didn't give them 5 stars! I love soaking my feet in hot soapy water and here I got "warm" water.     Other wise everything was great. Staff was pleasant and very welcoming, chairs were nice..service was quick.     Do check their prices! I noticed on the card it said pedicures with everything we received were $32, at the register it was $37. If their prices changed, it didn't reflect it on their menu.  Good place to go and I will be back!
5 I've been coming here off & on over the years always the best service! Clean friendly & great mani/pedis!  The owners always remember my name & greet me each time.  Staff is consistent & been there very long term.
