5 In the past I have always stopped by my neighborhood AJ's for my floral needs.  However, when I needed flowers for a recent dinner party  I ordered from Brady's Floral Gallery at the Phoenician Resort and was blown away with the flowers I received.  It is no wonder Brady's was the florist  that was used for President Obama's recent visit and for a royal family from the Middle East that had extended stay in the Valley of the Sun.  From the time my order was placed, until the finished product was delivered, I was treated by the owners, Tim and Lorraine, as if I were royalty.  Such service!  Absolutely Amazing!   My guests were all asking, "Who did your flowers?"    There isn't a better compliment than that!  I will continue to buy my groceries at AJ's....but from now on I'll be calling Brady's Floral Gallery for all my floral needs.
1 I have been doing business with Brady's Florist over the  years when they were in the air park. I lost my job over a year ago. So now I have  other priorities other then flowers. It was my girlfriends birthday last week. I wanted to do something special this year. As my friend had surgery after being diagnosed in may with ovarian cancer. I emailed Brady's and left a message since it was short notice. I got an email from the owner Tim because he wrote the wrong telephone number down that I clearly left on his voice mail. That should of been my first clue to call another florist. I told him the story  said that I wanted to spend $50.00. I requested that the arrangement be bright and cheery to compliment a party of ten at a local Scottsdale restaurant. Tim even offered to drop the flowers off on his way home. I thought that was a lovely gesture of him until the delivery charge was on the bill. When I arrived at the restaurant and asked about the flowers that were on the table. My heart sank was totally embarrassed by the pitiful arrangement of 4 flowers in an ugly tall green vase. The flowers that were sent to  the hospital after my friend's surgery were more plentiful then the thoughtless piece that was supposed to make a birthday presentation. I have a picture if anyone would care to see it before being taken to the cleaners like I was. So I immediately emailed the owner Tim to tell him how displeased that I was.  Asking for an adjustment on the charge or a replacement No answer,  so I emailed again,  still nothing. I waited one week and tried to dispute the charge on my Visa. I was unsuccessful.  This situation could of been resolved but obviously Tim didn't think that it was that important. Now he lost a customer for life.  With the economy the way that it is today, every customer should be treated like Platinum. Needless to say,  I have learned a valuable lesson about Brady's. When I wanted to spend money I got a reply, emailing with a problem, forget about it.  Dawn P
5 Perfect flower arrangements. I bought flowers from Brady's. A dozen roses with buttermilk lilies and it was perfect and so beautiful.
1 A very special friend sent me flowers through Brady's and the arrangement I received was lovely, until the next day, when the flowers were already wilted.  By day 2 the arrangement looked a week old.  They kindly offered to replace the flowers, but the second arrangement was not nearly as nice as the first. By day 3, about a 1/4 of the flowers were all brown and dried  up again, even though we have kept the water filled up and fresh.  I would not recommend them.
