5 The Arthur Murray Dance Studio in Scottsdale will show you that dancing is a simple extension of walking. I have been taking ballroom dance lessons from this studio for nearly 5 years. Dancing is made fun & comfortable from top-notch teachers who love to dance and teach people how to dance. Whether you are a single or couple, you will regret not trying ballroom dancing soon.  - Mark A.
5 I bought an introductory package for my husband (who is notriously difficult to shop for!) for his birthday last year.  After the first 4 lessons, we were hooked.  The instructors are all fantastic dancers (lots of awards hanging on the walls to prove how good they really are!), and excellent teachers.  We look forward to going a couple of nights per week and are really enjoying learning many different types of dances.  The social aspects of the studio are great.  All the students -- from kids to 80+ -- get to know one another and everyone is so friendly and supportive.  Since our first introductory package we have signed up for another year's worth of lessons (my husband's idea!). I can't imagine having this much fun at any other studio!!
5 One year ago I decided it was finally time to learn how to dance. Specifically I wanted to know how to two-step. Of the many options available, I decided to try Arthur Murray Scottsdale and that proved to be one of the best decisions of my life. The staff and instructors are exceptionally talented. Not only are they amazing dancers, they are also incredible instructors, and genuinely great people.  They use a well thought out curriculum from the Arthur Murray organization that makes it very easy to learn the basics and then build on that foundation. I am having so much fun learning to dance that I did not stop at just learning to two-step. Ballroom dancing is so much more than I ever imagined. It has been a truly life enhancing experience that will enrich me for the rest of my life. Thank you everyone at Arthur Murray Scottsdale. If you want to learn how to dance, there is no better place!
2 My husband I had a blast learning to dance here. The people are very nice and the instructors know their stuff and are experts in teaching it.  That said, I must give warning to anyone who signs up for their introductory lessons to prepared for the HARD SELL. We fell for it and it wasn't made clear to us what we were getting into. Basically, the monthly payment we negotiated (that we could just barely afford) for our lessons effectively made us more and more indebted to them every month without our knowledge. They were giving us lessons beyond what we were paying for. When we decided to call it quits we owed them quite a bit of money!  We only got 8 lessons into the 16 we committed to before they approached us to sign up for a higher level and commit MORE money. Thank God they did because that's when we figured out that we already owed them quite a bit. If you have the means to afford $600 a month, I highly recommend this place. If you don't, please learn from us and don't fall for the "we can make it work for you" spiel.
