5 Dr. B is the absolute BEST!    I was a really difficult patient... I had a "class 3 cross-bite" (my lower jaw made me look like a bulldog) and other orthodontists said I needed severe jaw surgery. Dr. Brigham was amazingly kind and knowledgeable. He understood that I really didn't want, nor could I afford, surgery. He worked with me, and repositioned my bite over time with retainers until my teeth finally fit together properly. No surgery, no pain! Then, when my bite felt fantastic, he cleaned up the look with a very short Invisalign treatment and free bleaching treatment! I was so embarrassed by my teeth growing up that I never smiled in pictures. Now I get compliments all the time on my straight, white teeth. It's such a relief!  I can't say enough about Dr. Brigham. He's so knowledgeable, funny, and warm. I'm scared of dentists and orthodontists, and I'm such a baby for pain. He was so accommodating throughout the whole process, from  fitting my appointments in around my school schedule to maintaining treatment at a steady, pain-free pace.   I know I was a difficult patient. But Dr. B never made me feel like one.  He saved me thousands of dollars, years of stress, and loads of time! I was even able to monitor my own Invisalign treatment when I went away to college!   He's the best you could ever ask for. He's amazing with children,  and you will feel like his best friend as an adult. Just go in for a consultation! They're no-pressure and the consult is free. They have tons of payment options to help you get what you need without stressing you out financially.   Thanks for my gorgeous smile, Doc!
5 Yep- this office is as good as it gets. Have been taking my son to Dr. Brigham for his braces for several years now and they are a top notch office. All of the techs know their stuff and are efficient and polite. Even emergencies are handled well.
5 I have been seeing Dr. Brigham since Feb 2011 after a co-worker referred me to him after she had started her invisalign treatment. I had my initial consultation and was originally going to go with invisalign myself but decided after getting fitted for my retainers to just do the traditional metal braces. The office staff and techs were all so very nice even after me changing my mind twice! Even when I call about something as little as a poking wire they are always so quick to accommodate my schedule by fitting me in to have my issue looked at! All of the Girls in this office are wonderful. Mercedes and Tristan are always so very polite on the phone when I call to make payments or when I e-mail with questions. The were very helpful with working out the payments with me and are flexible with me paying during the month. Dr. Brigham is very polite, knowledgeable and he always remembers me when he sees me (before seeing my chart)  I would recommend Dr. Brigham to anyone looking for orthodontic treatment, This team is Top Notch!!
5 Dr. B is the best!  He is pretty much the most brilliant man I've ever met.  He's an experienced perfectionist whom provides the utmost care in service.  Always accommodating and pleasant to visit.  Schedule for a consult, it's free, see for yourself that you made the right decision!
5 I have been going here for years for my invisalign.  I came here with the worst TMJ ever and gapped teeth.  Dr. Brigham and his staff really take care of me and are as gentle as they can possibly be.  He even recommended a great maxillofacial surgeon to remove my wisdom teeth despite my TMJ.  Brigham and staff are so patient with me, especially since I work two jobs, cancel when I'm sick or have to leave town, etc, etc...   I am very impressed with doctor Brigham and his staff.  He really put together such a nice, caring staff.  Once my dog ate my invisalign, and I thought it was the end of the world, but they helped me to get a new set without giving me any attitude about the situation.  I'm still having work done there, but my smile looks 100X better, and my TMJ is sooo much better than it was.  My jaw used to go out of place all of the time, but at least now my jaw is in place.  Also, the staff is very friendly and will talk to you and compliment you while you are there.  I would give this place more stars if I could.  Thank you so much, Dr. Brigham and staff!  :D
2 Wow!? Where to start?. Almost 10 years in invisalign, which I wore religiously, including 6 months of metal braces, during my last 2 years of treatment. After my first consultation, Dr. Brigham   told me 2-3 years in invisalign!  I finally had the upper retainer attached less than 3 months ago and was discharged, when the metal retainer snapped in half. Was told by Dr. Brigham that he "had never seen that happen before"! So what does he do? No problem I 'll just charge you almost $800 to straighten the misaligned tooth and redo the retainer that was either defective or installed improperly!!?? I can not believe it, after 10 years of visits 1 to 2 times a month, and he won't warranty his work past 3 months? I can understand if the band broke 1 to 2 years later, but not 3 months. I am disappointed. I guess he makes his money when you have to come back 3 times a year to have repairs done. I expected better and wish I just had regular braces in the begining, then I would have been done in 2005 and not have to deal with this headache! Thanks Dr. B!
5 Dr. Brigham and his staff are amazing! my siblings and I were all treated with him (braces and Invisalign)  and because we loved our smiles my extended family are now in treatment with him. He understands and accommodates any concerns you may have about your smile ensuring you are satisfied with the results! And because Dr. Brigham is grateful for any referrals you send him I got a $25 gift card for each referral I sent him. Thats pretty much the cherry on top!
5 Brigham Orthodontics is fantastic! The staff is always very friendly! My Invisalign treatment surpassed my expectations. Now, they even feature my before and after results! Thanks Dr. Brigham and staff for putting a smile on my face!  -Rania
5 Dr. Brigham is such an extraordinary orthodontics. He is very meticulous and so professional. Before he treated me I came in as a "non smiler," and now I can not stop smiling  I absolutely love the staff, and how at home they made me feel. I get nothing but complements on my beautiful smile thanks to Dr. Brigham and his lovely staff. If I can give a bonus star on here I would. If you're looking into and serious about having the BEST smile do yourself a favor and give them a call TODAY!
