5 The service from Unique is excellent, I stopped calling another shop in town as they were impossible to get on the phone. These guys took care of me.  I went in to have my seats upgraded, the factory seat cushions were terrible and they did a great job in adding more foam but keeping the seat shape. We had a small part that broke on the side of the seat, but they took care of it with no hassle. I have no hesitation recommending the shop to anyone.
4 Been there three times, each experience has been excellent and done on time!  They fixed a co-worker's burn mark in a Jag, a seat in the boss' Navigator, and replaced two leather panels in my BMW's driver seat (10 years of wear gone in a couple of hours).  I'd go back anytime for my car or boat!
5 This shop was recommended by Ric's Auto Body, who had done really good work for me in the past (via USAA).   Very friendly, prompt on email and the phone, took me on short notice, gave me a very fair quote and charged me exactly what they quoted.   Told me to expect it complete at 2pm (dropped off at 8:15 for a driver's seat), they called me at exactly 1:58pm and 15 seconds.   Also, without any additional charge, completed fresh leather dye on the seat pan of the seat.   The seat looks literally brand new. Great craftsmanship, very fair price, very courteous and professional!
5 I took my Husband's Tahoe in to have a quarter size hole fixed in the driver's seat.  Unique Upholstery not only did a fantastic job repairing the hole in one day.  They found that the interior of the seat was broken and fixed that too at no charge to me.  I would definitely recommend this shop to anyone for repairs.  Thank you!
5 I've taken both of my cars in recently for interior repair work including gear-shift knob,  broken seat part, and a seat that wouldn't go forward or backward.   Everything was fixed perfectly where others had failed.  And the prices weren't too bad.  Will highly recommend this business.
1 I hate writing a negative review, but I feel people should be aware that their prices are unreasonably high. Either that, or the manager thinks I'm naive. Here's why: I took my jeep in for an estimate to have carpet installed about two years ago. The owner came out, looked over the jeep, and then quoted me $400.  I decided I finally needed to get this done, so I took the jeep in to Unique a couple weeks ago. This time, I was quoted $900 for them to "cut carpet and install." That's more than double, but get this: The manager suggested that I might want to consider one of those pre-cut/pre formed kits available for Jeeps. I knew they existed because I bought a carpet kit before for a couple hundred bucks. I asked how much to install the pre-cut kit. The manager made a call to see how much it would cost just for the kit. He said the kit would be $1,950.00!! That DIDN'T even include installation. For a 14 year old Wrangler?! I was shocked.  So much for their statement "We take pride in offering our customers the service that they deserve at AFFORDABLE prices." I ended up taking my old jeep to another popular upholsterer in Scottsdale and the TOTAL at the other place (a well respected upholster in Old Town Scottsdale) was only $350 for great CUSTOM CUT carpet installed. I believe I was really misquoted by Unique, but I made this point to deaf ears. Always get an estimate from upholstery shops.
