4 Had my oil changed there this morning... Took about 20 minutes, and they honored a coupon that wasn't even theirs! Quick and friendly service. They tried to sell me stuff, but don't all these auto places do that? Overall, good experience. Waiting room was hot, no AC.
5 I've had all the work on my car done here.  They've been nothing but straight up with me and fair with pricing!
1 We already had the car diagnosed from another mechanic, but they were all the way in Gilbert.  So, we looked up to find another nearby and found C & R.  We made an appointment and told them what needed to be fixed.  They told us that the previous mechanic didn't know what he was talking about and said they'd take care of it.  LONG story short, they finally did what we had originally told them to do on the THIRD time bringing the car in.  Total scam.  I would never recommend this place to anyone and have filed a formal complaint.
2 This is a family operation that I had used for nearly 10 years. The father was always professional and fair-priced, but he turned it over to his sons--I believe they are his sons. One son is easy to deal with, but the other son is the reason I no longer go here. I had a car they had serviced for years and they told me they had no clue what was wrong with it. Shocking, as they had worked on this car for years. Took it elsewhere and it was immediately repaired. Shame when a business changes and quality goes down.
2 New tires and alignment took a day and a half!  The shop managers for the most part were unapologetic and very quick to throw each other and everyone else under the bus because with each one I talked to, they admitted it was taking too long, but it wasn't their fault.   Luckily it wasn't a huge inconvenience, but the blame game was what really bugged me along with their overpromising and underdelivering...when I checked in on the first day, they said they "weren't leaving until it was finished." An hour later when the shop was closing, I was told it needed two more hours worth of work and they'd call me the next morning. Disappointing!
1 I came in to this place for just an oil change. I had a free oil change card from a friend that gave it to me. This location was out of my way but it was AAA certified and it was a free oil change so I thought why not. I showed up when they first opened at 7 am with an appointment. They told me it would be an hour and a half. Most oil changes I've had took no longer than 45 minutes and I was the only car there! After about 30 minutes I get a call saying that my serpentine valve was cracked and it needed to be replaced. The serpentine valve is a usual maintenance on my car around 120k but my car only had 90k on it. They quoted me $117. Not what I was hoping for with my free oil change. I gave them the go ahead but asked that they keep the part so I can have it when they were done.  When my car was finished and I went to pick it up they tried not giving the part to me. When I demanded it they went and got it and when they presented it to me they tried showing me right away the damage to it. The "crack" was typical wear and tear and it was very clear that it didn't need to be replace. The guy who gave me the part even suggested I keep it as a spare part. If it's still able to work as a spare part then there shouldn't have been any reason to replace it. There was absolutely nothing wrong with my valve and based on the look on the guys face he knew that it didn't need to be replaced either. With taxes it ended up being $130. I felt completely robbed when I left. What should have been typical maintenance, 45 minutes, and a free oil changed ended up costing me 2 hours, and $130.   I will settle for paying the $25 for an oil change somewhere else than give these people any more opportunities to get more money out of me than necessary.
5 C&R Tires saved me last week! I run an Air Conditioning in Arizona and had a truck needing tires immediately in MAY! We were jam packed and C&R Tires got the truck in ASAP, and repaired and back on the road in less than an hour! Amazing service at a reasonable price! The team of North Valley Mechanical thanks you! Stay Cool!
5 C&R Tire is hands down the best tire shop/ auto shop around!  The entire team is very honest and will do everything that they can to offer you the best deal available!  All the same services as the big chains but with a personal touch.  I encourage everyone to give these guys a shot!
5 Tracy is a great new manager. She is prompt in handling my concerns and goes out of her way to make sure I'm satisfied. I'm very happy with the customer service I received at C & R Tire on Raintree.
5 Was calling all the national chains and some were charging for labor, some just didn't have my size of tires and some were just too corporate for my taste. Found this local chain on the internet and it turned out to be a great decision. Got two ties for $125 each and a discount on an alignment. They also offer 10% off with AAA membership. Tracy at the front desk was super helpful and shop guy I dealt with also was friendly. Everything was accomplished in about 60 minutes and even got to change the TV remote to my preferred station. Tracy also gave me a tip about about a future repair and that should save me money as well. Very good place.
5 C&R Tire is an amazing shop with friendly, professional people.  Last night I noticed a screw in my tire. I managed to limp home on my donut, but knew it would not be safe to drive down the highway to work this morning. I found C&R online and noticed they opened at 7. At 6:45 I called and Tracy picked up, helping me to find the shop. From the get-go she was extremely friendly and I felt like I would be in good hands.  When I arrived, they quickly got me up and running in about half an hour. The friendly people at C&R even put my donut back in the car and secured all of my parts that I had out when I jacked the car up last night.   These are great people doing a great job. I will be back every time I need work done with the car.
5 Long story short, I will return even though they are far from me personally because they actually as of now deserve my fleet business.
