4 I cant believe this place has no reviews yet! When you get there you order what you want from a book of different teas...they have a pretty good selection (not as much as some other tea stores). The lady that helped me was very friendly and helpful. Im a huge fan of teavana but I will definitely be coming back here for a couple loose leaf teas that teavana doesnt have! They also have several types of tea already brewed for you to sample, and the lady was nice enough to give me a couple samples of a tea bags to take home.
5 This has been my favorite brand of iced tea since I tried it 10 years ago. Many restaurants use this brand and it's always good. I initially purchased the iced tea at AJ's fine foods. When I found out there was a store located at the headquarters in Scottsdale, I had to check it out. The teas are to the left when you walk in. I didn't know that they also sell a large selection of hot teas. They usually have 2 iced teas already brewed and there are hard logo'd plastic cups that you can take to go. While I was there a couple of employees from the surrounding area came in to get their refill of iced tea. I asked the receptionist what a certain hot tea tasted like and she said I could try whatever hot tea I wanted to. The prices are great and better than the area retail stores. I usually stock up when I'm in the area. If you like tea, I suggest you stop by so you can taste and discover the variety offered.
4 I really like China Mist! Huge selection... plus accessories if you are into teas.   The best part of working across the street from China Mist is **FREE** Ice Tea all day long! They have a sample bar setup in their lobby, and you can just walk in a help yourself to the few varieties they have setup that day.  You can also purchase teas from the receptionist.   Give them a visit... tell them I sent you.... get FREE tea! :)
5 Live and love local! Yes, China Mist is in fact local and lives right here in the Valley! This brand of tea is always refreshing and flavorful. I absolutely love the smell of China Mist and I especially love their raspberry tea. If you're ever in the Scottsdale Airpark area, you should stop by and say hi to our local friends in the Valley. Otherwise, do what I do and support this local brand anywhere you can. I love my Diet Coke, but when the weather hits triple digits, I try to switch tea and China Mist is my go-to. Local love!
