5 My husband and I have been members at this Massage Envy for the past 6 years. We have had a variety of therapist and for the most part, they have all been great. The key is to always keep a list of your favorites in your phone and book early! We love to get 1.5-2 hour sessions and not all of the therapist do more than and hour. Excellent location and they offer a couples room which is great for friends or couples! Highly recommend them!
5 I've been going here for nearly a year and it's great.  Front desk staff is always extremely friendly and I love my massage therapist.  Definitely a great value!
5 Really friendly helpful staff! My mom got her first massage here. Ask for Natalia or Katie.
5 I've been going here for about a year and have seen at least 5 different therapists.  All were GOOD, but CANDIE is the best.  She is so in-tuned with your bodies needs and where it's sensitive.  She listens and my body is very grateful for it!  Staff is always kind and hospitable!
5 Great way to get an affordable massage!  Hailey at the front desk was so great the day we joined and she always has a friendly smile every time we come!!  Try Byron he is my favorite therapist and he is really "in tune" with helping and healing.  Amazing!!!
5 This location is clean, on time and has very professional, skilled therapists. One of the very best Massage Envy locations, I recommend it. Plus, when I  call last minute, they usually can accommodate me, such a bonus!
5 I have been to a few Massage Envy's but this one is truly the best.  I had a bit of a mix up when I temporarily froze my membership and I was considering not renewing when  the time came to re activate my membership.  My schedule at work changed and suddenly it just seemed it was going to be an inconvenience to continue.  Breanne contacted me by email knowing that trying to get me on the phone was not working. She was so so so nice and understanding of my situation. She knew that I had a particular person at massage envy that I preferred and, happened to be the most popular person,but hard to get. Breanne was so so accommodating to me.  I gave her my work schedule. She booked my next 6 month appointments with the person I wanted.  How nice is that. That is called excellent customer service.   When going in for my appointments the staff is great...relaxing, pleasant, personable....just the way you want your experience to be. You will not be disappointed.
