4 Prices are good for the area.  I paid about $300 a month (with tax and the cheapest insurance) for a 20 x 10 climate controlled storage unit on the ground floor.  Checking in and out was very simple.  The staff is also very friendly.  It really feels like they'll do just about anything to help you out.  The day after I reserved my unit online, I got a call from the manager to confirm the reservation and see if I had any questions.  On my first day, my gate code wasn't working, so she gave me a generic one until the problem could be sorted out.  I was given a working code by the end of the day.  The only negative about the office is there only seems to be one employee working at a time, so you may have to wait.  It also closes in the early afternoon so that employee can go to lunch.  Moving in and out is also pretty easy.  There's also a couple of flat dollies left around to help you out, but I recommend bringing your own, they seem to disappear once in a while, even if you're the only person on the premises.  The only thing I don't get is the hours.  The storage area is accessible from 6am to 9pm.  The office is only open from 9:30am to 6pm.  If there are going to be so many hours with no on site staffing, why not just be accessible 24-7?  Then again, what would someone be doing at a storage unit overnight?
4 Went in to check on the sizes of a storage unit and the lady was super helpful.  Really nice and accommodating and really tried to make it very convenient for me as far as location.  Explained all of the charges and benefits and even suggested their promotion that I was unaware of. Super easy and very happy to be working with them.
5 No Problems and Good Location.  Pat and crew always have great customer service.
1 Stay away from this company they cheat you on your unit size. They do the switch and bait on you. There units are not the size they represent in the add's or on the internet. There answer to customer service is you saw the unit and its your problem you didnt measure the actual unit, they represent and advertise one size  but give you a unit that that is much smaller then you actuall get, This company is very dishonst and not customer friendly.
5 Had a good experience reserving my unit.  Pat was very friendly overall.  All charges were explained, and she made sure I didn't have any questions before I left.  She also made sure my gate code was working before I left the property.
