5 Not too long ago I was pulling out of my garage and noticed water bubbling up through the landscape rocks in my front yard. I got out of my car to investigate. I consider myself fairly handy so I did what any respectable guy would do, I started to dig. As I dug I noticed that the seepage was coming from somewhere under the concrete driveway. BIG problem. I knew this could be very bad and I was out of my league. As a new resident in this community I walked over to a neighbors house and she recommended her regular plumber whom I promptly called. This particular plumber admitted that front yard leaks such as the one I described were not their specialty, and they recommended I call Ranch Plumbing.   I called Ranch and spoke to Vince who told me he could come by that afternoon. He also told me that I should try to immediately turn off the water at the main line so the area they they will need to inspect is not a muddy mess when they arrive. As I arrived home from work later that day, I could already see someone in the front yard digging away. Then Vince came out from his van parked nearby and gave me a rundown of the situation. He said they can fix the leak without having to replace the entire pipe. The problem was an elbow joint that was not snug, however the rest of the pipe was in good condition. This was the best part - they could have made a lot more money off me by saying that the leak was under the driveway and the whole pipe needed to be replaced. In the end, the cost was less than $200 for what appeared to be about a day and a half of hard labor and some new PVC. I was expecting it to be much more.   Before the work was complete, my yard was restored to the condition it was in prior to the digging. I really appreciated that as well.   I am giving them 5 stars because I am used to getting raked over the coals by various home services professionals. This time I came away pleasantly surprised by their quick service, honesty, and integrity.   Thanks!
5 I have used Ranch Plumbing repeatedly for years now due to their prompt service, excellent service and very reasonable pricing.  Hands down they are one of the best service providers in Phoenix.  They have been responsive in both emergency and standard work and every time I have been completely satisfied with their work.  I would highly recommend them and continue to use their services for any plumbing work.  To date they have:  a) repaired a defective hot water heater where the parts were failing (hot water heater was recalled) b) replaced said defective hot water heater with one that has had zero problems and installed it within 1 day of the previous water heater totally failing for good and at an incredibly reasonable rate c) fixed landscaping plumbing d) fixed the main water valve and additional pool and landscaping plumbing  Future work includes fixing the shower in the master bathroom.  I trust them to get the work done correctly the first time and at a fair rate.  Their service is incredible.  Top notch!
5 10PM?  Sunday?  Father's Day?  Vince helped us out of a jam.  Super nice and helpful fellow.  Thanks!
