2 We have eaten breakfast here awhile back and it was pretty good. Reason for the 2 stars.  I happened to get a craving for apple pie. I stopped off, around midnight, and the place was busy enough to slow my order down. I ordered coffee and apple pie ala mode. MISTAKE!! The apple pie was really doughy and the coffee tasted like they created a new pot with OLD grounds. EGADS!! The best part was eating the ice cream.  I probably should have stopped off at Mickey Dees across the street, from what I hear their coffee has a lot more flavor than here.
1 I had eaten here 2 times previously and the service and food were both good   This time , not so much. . My food was ok but not as hot. My server was a space cadet. She rushed me to order and when I asked for hot sauce and also asked for extra water for my tea bag I got neither.   Her tip reflected my displeasure. Avoid this place!
2 The food was what you should expect when going to Denny's but the staff just wasn't that good. I've almost never had a good waitress at Denny's before. Which granted the job does suck completely, BUT, you signed up for it so don't make everyone else's experience suck because of your incompetence. If you want Denny's then you should go. But do not expect a lovely waitress to meet your needs.
3 Out this Sunday morning doing a bit of GeoCaching, we decided breakfast was in order so where to go? I-Hop or Denny's ... Ok we decided on local so off to Denny's. Walked in, the place was about half full, greeted right away and seated. Coffee & water came out promptly, placed our order and our food arrived hot within about 5min. Service was great & food was good ...  Service: 4 star, our waitress was great, fast & friendly Ambiance: 2 stars, casual setting, a bit dated Cleanliness:  3 stars, appeared clean although lots of water spots on the glasses Food: 3 star, food came out hot and well prepared Price: 3 star, fair price's, my wife had a BYO Grand Slam for $6.59 and I had an All American Slam for $8.89
5 They've remodeled this Denny's completely and it looks great. They do have great service now.
5 Much better service than last time. I'm going back to this Denny's.  The places looks great too after the remodel
