5 This place is on my way to a friends house so I stop here all the time. It's just a convenience store. Really nothing special to it. Though they do have a decent selection of beer. The prices are pretty much average and the guy who's always working is awesome. Plus, if you're getting something and you don't see it in the refrigerator, if they've got it they'll go in the back to get it for you.
3 The new digs are off Hermosa and Mill...so of course, I wanted to find a beer store or bar within walking distance.  As this is Tempe, the home of the "beer-soaked ASU undergrad", there are numerous choices.  Between 7-11, Frys and JP's Food Mart,  the retail outlets, as well as the Q and Brew along with Monkey Pants, Yucca Tap Room and Time Out Lounge, the choices are abundant.  JP's Food Mart is apparently intended to be the non-corporate Quickie Mart in the area.  There are numerous munchie choices of the 'prepackaged' variety, as well as cold soda, juice and water offerings.  The beer selection ranges from low to high-brow.  Prices are representative of most offerings in the Valley...between 10 and 20 cents cheaper than the 7-11 on the corner and more oriented toward single item purchase instead of the six-pack offerings at Fry's.  Probably the biggest consideration: the hours.  Sunday nights apparently have the most flexibility...generally closing 12:30 am...with Fridays and Saturdays around 1:30 am, while Monday-Thursday maintaining through 2 am.  Maybe the clerk has plans on Friday, Saturday and Sunday...?  As I am presently working in South Tempe until 12:30 am, it is significant that I might be able to find a beer to carry home about 12:40.    Will keep you informed about the bars in the area as they become relevant.  BTW, credit and debit cards are assessed a charge for purchases below $6.50...so beware.
5 The best neighborhood swami market. Good prices, friendly fast service and hey whats better than buyin lotto tickets, beanies, switch blades, bath salts, spice, tweek pipes and a soda!
