2 Not impressed at all....Staff was not friendly or engaging.  If they had been, I might have been more inclined to pick something up...Had lots of bras on clearance though.
4 Let me be clear, I am a local, I do not normally shop at Arizona Mills.  The mall itself is gross, the shoppers are rude, the stores are usually full of trash, and there have been numerous stories of kidnapping and human trafficking at/near the mall.  Seriously, avoid this mall.... Unless you are with a friend, it is daytime, and you go into neighborhood #2 directly to Fredericks of Hollywood for lingerie.    I was looking for a cute corset to wear to dinner on Valentines Day that can easily be worn as sexy lingerie when I got home.  I was telling a friend what I was looking for and she recommended that I try Fredericks of Hollywood.  Looking for something that was classy and could be worn in public I was a little hesitant by her suggestion.  I remember Fredericks to be pretty trashy with lots of crotchless underware.  So, I decided to look online 1st and found a couple of cute (reasonably priced) outfits.  Leary still about the quality (good quality lingerie is hard to find,) I decided to go to my nearest store until I realized it was at Arizona Mills.  The other ones were fairly far away and I was on a time limit.  I really didn't want to have to go to that mall but after looking online I knew the outfit I wanted so I decided to go anyways.    When I walked into the store, I was immediately greeted by Tina.  I asked for her help in pointing me in the right direction for the type of corset I was looking for.  Being the weekend before Valentines this place was packed.  All the girls working were extremely polite and willing to help when asked.  Tina strapped me into my corset and taught me how to take it on and off so I could keep it at the size/tightness that I wanted without needing assistance from someone else every time to get it on.    The quality of the items I purchased are very well made.  There is an option to sign up for a mailing list for discounts.  There were tons of adorable bras that seemed to be very good quality and in a broad range of sizes (I think some went up to K!)  There were a lot of cute panties, nighties, robes, hosiery, etc.  I ended up buying a corset, robe, panties, and 2 pairs of stockings for about $130.  1/2 of that was the corset so everything was really reasonably priced for the quality.     The only downside I noticed was there are only 2 dressing rooms.  Seeing as how I didn't know what size of corset I needed, it took some time to get into them and tightened to find my right fit.  the other room was also occupied by someone trying on corsets so that left the other customers waiting in a long line to get into a fitting room.  Although I felt bad for everyone waiting, I never felt rushed by the staff and at one point I was told to try on a second corset again to check the fit.  Tina gave me her suggestion of what corset type/size looked the best (she even suggested the cheaper one because it was a better fit.)  All in all, I am very happy with my experience and will brave Arizona Mills yet again (with a friend) for the exceptional service from Tina and the other girls at Fredericks of Hollywood.    Watch out Phoenix!  I am going to be one hot mama on Valentines Day! :)
5 Nice sales lady helped me pick out a gift. Great service.
