5 With the kind of quick, friendly, and personal service you get at Mail Plus, you'd be a fool to go to the Tempe Post Office. They are open in the shopping plaza on the corner of Southern and McClintock, right next to Back East Bagels, Monday-Friday, 9-6, and Saturday, 10-4. They have shipping boxes and supplies, padded envelopes, stamps, an awesome greeting card selection, fax services and a photocopier. It is run by wonderful people who go out of their way to be helpful (boxing up packages for you) and accommodating (Joe special ordered the new wedding stamps for me last year). They will mail your items in any manner or speed you need, and will happily give you all of your price options. Never again should anyone in Tempe waste precious time in heinous lines just to get grouchy dead-eyed service at the PO like a sucker.
5 I love this place!  Can you say personal, professional service!!  I know this is unheard of in other places like the UPS Store and the USPS..  they don't care about your business or you..  At Mail Plus they understand customer service and treat you like a valued HUMAN!  Besides having everything you need, quick friendly service and unmatched customer care they enjoy their jobs and strive to go above and beyond!  Thanks for being great!
5 These guys are the best.  Simply the best. From stamps to shipping an iPhone, they really actually care that you get the best packaging for the best price. By using many different shipping companies, they are able to give you many options. Very old school service that I love, especially coming from a small town.
5 This is my new go-to place if I need to mail out anything (UPS or USPS, no FedEx though) or buy stamps.  Although the nearest USPS on Southern is close enough, sometimes there is a bit of a wait, and the nearest UPS Store on Broadway and McClintock provides indifferent service.
5 This place is the quickest  and easiest place to ship any packages.  They are very friendly and professional.   I have been using them in the 20 years and always been treated very well.   I highly recommend them.
