5 I only come here for the $1 Tuesday ice cream. They have the Thrifty's ice cream which I used to love as a kid. The staff is always friendly and they seem to have a pretty cool selection of old school candies that I haven't seen in years.
5 We only come here for the water and in that regard there are no complaints about this place.  There is no chlorine smell, faucets are all fast and the guys find your water card fast.
3 Not a bad store; not as well laid out as I'd like, but it's OK.  I've never seen the great use of taking a jug to a store to save 62 cents on water, but I do appreciate convenience for buying other drinks when I can find it.  Unfortunately, I'm miffed by the little things, and in this case, by being overcharged on sales tax on Coke.  Yes, it's only 12 cents more than every other store I've ever gone to, but it's frustrating that they can't get their systems correct to charge me the right amount.
5 I love coming here! The staff is fantastic, there's a huge chalkboard wall, candy, ice cream, shaved ice, drinks, plus water and ice of course. It's an amazing atmosphere. They have a wall filled with photos of customers. Best place to get great tasting water!
1 wtaf.   I was craving a snow cone, and my trusty Yelp app found this place nearby.  We were eventually able to find the kid that was working behind the counter, I asked if they sold snow cones, he said yes.  From there it felt like I was interrogating him in order to find out more .. I asked what flavors and he pointed to a huge wall of bottles, how the hell I was supposed to determine what flavors they were is beyond me. I was eventually able to find a piece of cardboard on the counter that listed the flavors.   We picked and he started snow-coning.   When he was done he offered us sample spoons smaller than my pinkie, from a dirty styrofoam cup - and said they ran out of spoons and his manager told him to have people go to the burger joint next door and ask for a spoon.  The hell? I'm not going to go into someone else's business and ask for a spoon because your manager can't cough up $10 and go to Costco.   As for the snow-cone, they need to shave the ice finer.. that way I don't feel like I am eating crushed ice and syrup.
1 The owner said I couldn't rinse my water jugs out because he was running out of water? A water store running out of water? Really just lost a long time customer I could of filled up with less water I had 7 jugs never coming back.....
