4 Ahhh.... the Stab Lab.  This was a sad, sad, sad time in my life.  I've got the plasma scars to prove it.  Someone once asked me if I had ever been involved with heroin because of the scar tissue bunched up on my veins.  I can't say I ever had a "pleasant" experience donating plasma.  I give this place four stars because it saved my ass, not because it was a magnificent way to spend my saturday.  When I didn't have money for food, this place gave me money for food.  I'd stock up on mac & cheese, buy a pack of smokes and two forties.  I was good to go, man.  You go in, they prick your finger and get blood out of it, then you lay down on a bed in the back and they stick a SPIKE (not a needle), a friggin' SPIKE into your arm and you pump and pump until all this blood comes out.  They spin the blood in this machine until clear, water-lookin' liquid comes out--that's your plasma--and they put the blood back into your body.  All the while, they have a movie playing for you, usually a movie you would never consider renting, something like Monster in Law or Hitch or the Great Mouse Detective or something.  At the very end of the ordeal, they replace your plasma with saline.  I can only describe that feeling as getting injected with mentholated blood.  Your mouth gets all cold and you feel a little sick.  But hey, you just scored out on some hard, non-taxable cash, so the feeling fades once you walk around for a little bit.  The people you meet there, you are not likely to forget.  You will always have a story to tell your friends after a day of getting stabbed.
4 Oh, fuck off D.C.  I wrote a funny review based on an experience I had a lifetime ago.  I was 18-19 and had a hard time finding work with how limited my experience was in just about any field.  To supplement my income, I donated plasma.    "I'm sorry that Billy used CSL as a means of getting drunk and did not take care of himself during his time donating and might feel cheated somehow, but overall it can be a very positive experience."  I gave the place four goddamn stars and said they saved my ass.  What the fuck do you want?  A chapter in a book about my life about how angels literally greeted me at the door?  I never said I felt cheated.  I didn't use it as a means of getting drunk, I used it as a means of buying food and having a couple beers with my friends later and taking the edge off... god knows you need to when you only have tens of dollars in disposable income.  Write about your own fucking experiences and leave me the hell out of it.  I had an experience, you had another.  Two minds and two souls have two different experiences in this universe, yours went one way, mine went another.  You say, "The "people you meet there" are normal people. Pretty forgettable."  Yeah, that was YOUR experience, not the one that I had.  My experience involved seeing a man having a seizure, the spike popping out of his arm, and a literal jet of blood spraying out of it.    I gave the place a positive review, but noted the negative side effects you seem unwilling to accept might happen to someone else and shit all over my experience that I had.  Fuck that jazz, boss.  That shit's rude.  I drank and continue to drink, but I'm not stupid enough to spend my life in a drunken stupor.  I'm not an idiot that forgets to drink water.  I don't feel cheated, I didn't feel cheated at the time, I only had minor discomfort which other people may experience.  Don't lay your sanctimonious bullshit on me, you don't know me, have never met me and have no idea how far the fuck off base you are.
2 Arrived.  Was given ear pieces to listen to some audio.  After that, I was given some pages to flip through covered in plastic which....was the same thing in the video.  Twice?  Ok...  Then, I was told by the new girl to sit down off to the side and wait.  After waiting and waiting..about 45 minutes, I was called.  I was told by this girl that  the next I should just wait in line so they can see me.  Uh, but...I was told to sit  over "there."  The Diagnosis?  I got hosed by the new employee.  Too bad I wasn't compensated for every mishap this day because I could retire early.  I then went to this area where they proceeded to ask me questions about all of my tattoos. What it was, and what every color was present, etc.  Cause I guess if I get new ink they will somehow know was the premise and I couldn't give blood till a year after.  I wondered, do they do a cross reference every time you go there?  So I asked.  They don't.  So then how would the know?  Seems a bit much if you ask me.  Most people there donate because they need the money, so do they really think those people are going to be honest about drugs, sexual practices,...let alone that they got "new ink"?  Of course not, cause they need the money.  But hey, let's please the law makers shall we?  I went back to the exam room where the girl proceeded to go back over everything that I  just listened to and read before entering the room.  What the deuce?!  I'm now agitated.  I hop up on the exam table where I was given the most awful and incompetent exam.  When listening to my lungs, the person placed the stethoscope over my posterior deltoid and was off on the other side as well.  The posterior lobe...you would have thought was at my waist...ok, perhaps my flank would be more accurate.  My heart was auscultated over the middle of my left pectoralis muscle and so was the right side.  So much for that aortic and pulmonic valve.  She did at least make a decent palpatory effort when digging for an enlarged liver.    I then left the "exhaustive" exam and headed back to the chair.  After sort of not hearing the lady's instructions on where to go, I made my way back through all of the people who seemed like they were probably just at the DMV...you know that crowd?  yeah....so...I sit down and get stuck with that lovely 17g needle only to have it clot.  They did the other arm and it too clotted.  Thinking that I wasn't going to compensated in the tune of 45 clams was quite unsettling.  To throw more gas onto the fire, I was told by the one girl that since they didn't get any plasma, I would have to re register again because there was nothing to link me to - yeah...do it all over again.  You know that saying, "phuck that noise" ?  Yeah, it applies.  There was a light at the end of the tunnel, and it was not in fact a train with the roadrunner at the helm, but it was the fact that I did not have to repeat that agonizing registration and I did get paid.  I think I will try the other one on Broadway.
1 I used to donate plasma here and it's not too bad of an experience as long as you get there early but one time I went in and had a puncture wound from a cat on my arm which does happen as I'm a vet tech. They swore up and down I was doing drugs and that I could no longer donate. I told them I had an accident report at work and I could pass a drug test but it didn't matter they swore I was lying. Now a few years later my family is tight on money so I call to see if I could donate and they say I'm on a permanent deferral list but can not tell me why over the phone. I can come in and talk to a medical person if I would like. I asked if it was to explain why or if the deferral could be reversed. Of course it's permanent and I can waste my time just to hear they think I am on drugs. I have seen so many people there that are on drugs still donating even doing drugs in the parking lot but I offer proof and they still say no.
