5 Great place to play golf while drinking beer. Very laid back, cheap and inviting. Usually it is not too crowded, but I tend to play during the hotter months (like most Phoenicians.)
3 Shalimar is a 9 hole golf course.  This is pretty perfect for the summer I would think, when you can only last outside for a few hours.    It's an unpretentious, easy going, laid back golf course that has cheap drinks.  You aren't coming here for luxury.    This place would be perfect  for my golf game since I SUCK and it's only 9 holes and like I said, cheap drinks.  A good place for lessons, practicing and just hanging out.  If you are not an avid golfer or prefer going to courses where you won't be judged or embarrassed of your game-- then head to Shalimar.    Disclaimer ***  I didn't actually play, I was just along for the fun-- this is the vibe I got and what I got from conversation from others.    Do not eat breakfast at Shalimar though, eat before you head over there-- the breakfast menu is limited to frozen breakfast burros and items of the like.
1 We had mother's day brunch and overall this place was a fail.  The buffet was $16.95/person + tax + 18% gratuity.  Over priced!!!  My water glass was refilled only once, our dirty plates weren't taken until we asked, our silver wasn't replaced and the buffet selection was unimpressive. No omelet bar or anything beyond basic buffet.
3 Shalimar is a great place to get a quick 9 holes in before or after work.  It is not as well manicured as Riverview (up the road a few miles), and it's a lot shorter, but it has a few interesting holes.  The most popular is the 5th hole, which requires a carry over a lake to get to the green.    It's a great value.  Last I played, it was just $7 to walk.  This is a great place to just have a fun, easy going short round of golf.
5 The comment above: "Do not eat breakfast at Shalimar though, eat before you head over there-- the breakfast menu is limited to frozen breakfast burros and items of the like," is completely untrue. All of the food is made to order and tastes amazing! They will even cook breakfast for you before the kitchen opens if you are hungry! Shalimar is a fun laid back place to golf and the bartenders are great and the staff is very helpful.
4 great atmosphere here @ shalimar.  a few months back i was there to help 2galsevents with a charity golf tourney.  it was the "par it in pink" event.  and it went really smoothly.  i drove around and helped take some pictures of the event to post.  i also helped with the set up pre-dawn that morning.  all in all this was a casual golf course right in Tempe and we had a great time that day.
4 Expect a super friendly, relaxed environment where people just want to play some golf and enjoy the AZ sun.
5 Shalimar is a staple in the city of Tempe, and I've been playing their since I was first able to swing a club. I just turned 30, and yes Shalimar has changed hands throughout the years but they are still that same local course that I learned to play golf on. They are a 9 hole executive course with 2 par 4's, a full driving range, putting green, and chipping green. They keep the course in great condition and with the water hazards and bunkers keep it challenging. The course meanders it's way through one of Tempe's classic 60's neighborhoods and is great for new and old golfers alike. They offer great deals on lessons with a local pro who can help get you started or take your game to the next level. The guys in the pro shop are very knowledgeable and always eager to help. They even have a full restaurant and are always holding events in the evenings during the week. Whether you're new to golf or a veteran like me who just likes to have fun Shalimar is a great place to play. I'm glad they've stuck around all these decades and haven't lost their small local charm.
4 Shalimar is a great place either if you're learning the game or want to squeeze in a quick 9 in the afternoon. Contrary to what the most recent review said, the course is mostly par 4s--I think 6 par 4s and 3 par 3s. There's a fair amount of shade on the course near almost every tee, so walking isn't unbearable even on a hot day.  The course itself is in pretty rough shape. Particularly the tee boxes are grown out too long and there are sections of fairway near the sprinklers that get water-logged which basically stops your ball immediately in a pile of muck. The other frustrating thing is that a lot of the greens are tabletop kind of greens so it's very tough to leave your approach on the green. Anyway it's well worth it and for someone getting back into the game like myself, it's a great value. The people there are always nice and folksy too.
4 This is a good challenge for a nine hole course. Small greens, water in play, trees and o.b. Very kid friendly. Try it out. It's a great place to get nine holes on!
3 Ok so it's not a fancy PGA golf course, but it's a great place to relax and play a round without the snobbiness often found at nice golf courses.  It's a great place for beginners or for people looking to take their time and to enjoy life.  The course consists mainly of par 3's and minimal hazards so it's great for working on your swing without fear of losing balls!  Everyone is laid back and drop ins are welcome!
3 Just played there yesterday with my wife.  It's a good course for beginners and other golf challenged people.  It was in fair shape.  The fairways and greens were pretty shaggy and the rough was mostly hardpan.  Despite that, it was a fun round.  There are a few interesting holes.  The people in the clubhouse are super nice, so the after round drinks and food were great, too.  Great hot dogs!
3 I have only visited this place for Kiwanis Club of Tempe - Nuevo meetings every Tuesdays at 12pm and Kiwanis Club of Tempe meetings every Thursdays at 12pm.  But I would say that all the staffs who works here are very kind and friendly.
4 I love the range here! The staff is friendly, it's peaceful and very relaxed for people who barely know how to hold a club (ahem, me...)
4 Cheap, easy, and a classic. This course is not anything you would see in North Scottsdale, but it is a fun 9-hole course which you can walk it and be done within 90 minutes. They do have a few par 4's and a hole or two which you have water. This course has been around for years and it does have that classic vintage feel to it.
3 Great golf course. Only 9 holes and that is perfect for when you don't have time for 18. Great place to learn golf too. The food? Well, I won't comment on that as I understand they have made several changes to the restaurant side since I last ate there. I'll review that side next time we play a round of golf. Tip - The greens are small, so they are quite challenging! On hole 3's green, don't overshoot!
1 I have been going to this golf course for over 15 years it's a hit or miss on coarse, as far as the condition.    You have a fun little nine hole family owned place to go.  They recently have remodeled the club house. I have been going once a week since last October with my dad.  Not any more I complained to the manager of the restaurant of the poor service you get it is hit or miss weather or not your going to get acknowledged or served especially in the late afternoon when I have gone with neighbors.   My dad went to the Valentines day dinner thought it was great so we decided to go for Easter Brunch Mistake...  we arrived at 12 most of the food like the fruit and deserts were picked over they had three scrambled egg dishes salad ham and turkey I think marginal Brunch not very attentive staff although they actually had plenty.  There was three in my party they added a 20% gratuity and the bill came to $88 I will never go back and I live in the neighborhood.   I gave you many chances and complained and you still couldn't figure it out. .
4 Shalimar hosted a FootGolf open day last weekend and it was my first time there. Like many older courses in Arizona, they have the charm of Caddyshack style club that doesn't take its self too seriously. The staff were very friendly and helpful. It's only a 9 hole course and it means you can get around quick. It was a fun day playing this new and interesting game.  It's encouraging to see such a well know established golf club open to ideas and trying out new games to support the club and it's patrons.   Good luck to everyone with this new adventure and supporting FootGolf. If you've never tried it, you should, it's cheap and fun to play for everyone, with little or nor experience in either soccer or golf. I'd recommend it.
