4 Johnny Rocket's is a mix between a 5&Diner and an In and Out Burger with a dash of Ed Debevic's (May it rest in peace).    Great burgers with good looking fresh ingredients.  Shakes that are out of this world.  But I've never seen one that wasn't in the mall. This particular location is in Arizona Mills and it's a pretty good sized location.  Not one of the largest ones, but it has counter and booth seating.  Though, like many other locations, during peak times you can expect to see a line forming outside.  We've stood in line before - just for a shake to go.    At this mall one of the other advantages here is that this isn't a part of the official food court.  It's pretty much on the other side of the mall.  So if you're there and hunger strikes - you don't have to walk to the other side of the mall.  And in this mall, that could take you awhile - longer with kids, even longer with window shopping friends.    By the way - they have Boca burgers and Turkey burgers.  You want an egg on it?  They can make that happen.  They also have other sandwiches - from a grilled cheese to a Philly.  I suggest ending it all with a Hot Fudge sundae.    And after all that, you'll want to do a few laps of the mall just to breathe again of course.   So if you need to leave soon, make sure at least one person in your party has some restraint.  Let them get a salad.  The rest of you will be too deep in a food coma to be trusted behind the wheel.
1 I have tried to eat here off and on for the 8 years I've lived here. NONE OF THEM WERE FULL ACCLOMPISHED TRIPS! I tried to order something just on the 4th of July. They weren't all that busy so I walked in and sat at the bar next to the TO GO register. I was in a hurry to get back to work because I only have 30 minutes for lunch. I was greeted by a hefty young man and was told someone will be with me shortly. Ten minutes come and go and the same large waitress walks past me 4 times without a hello and I can't seem to find the young man, on top of this the very freakie store manager is behind the counter helping prepare orders, which are flying off the counter fast. The manager looks at me often and never does anything but stare at me like a creepy old perv.! 4 very loud women run in to the opposite side of the counter and the large waitress tells them hello and they quickly place an order for fries and onion rings. Shortly after the 4 women pay for their order the large girl walks away like I wasn't sitting there, with a menu and waiting for *someone*.  This place can go to hell! I'm just going to act like this place never existed and warn others to do the same.
2 I should have walked a bit further some more bad mall food.  The food is reminiscent of Denny's burgers. Actually, I take that back, Denny's is probably better. It was nothing spectacular but what made my experience and EWWW was that I opted for a seat at the counter, where I could watch the food being prepared. Bad idea.  Everything was dipped in butter before hitting the hot griddle also, I couldn't help but notice the filthy supposed-to-be-white uniforms everyone was wearing. Inmates have cleaner clothes.  Because this was in a mall, it was extremely busy and it took a while before the food made its way to us and even getting a refill was difficult.   I do like the 50s music and liked singing along obnoxiously. I felt bad for the servers when they had to dance/perform for the patrons. You could tell that they hated it and it was not worth the $3/hr to work here.
4 I've eaten here many times, and I've enjoyed my food every single time.  The food is consistently very good.    The wait staff is pretty cool and they are very friendly towards my children.  This is a good place to go when you're in the mood for a burger that's better than the fast food chains' and less expensive than Red Robin's.
4 I am not usually a fan of places like this, but I went with my husband. I was pleasantly surprised how good it was. I had a burger and chocolate shake. The food was good and the service was wonderful. I would absolutely go again.
3 Party of 7, they sat us down quickly in a booth that ended up being just a bit crammed but the place was packed. Waiter was a bit slow to greet and get drinks but apologized, said there was some kind of issue and then was great after that. Lots of Burger varieties and the food was tasty and came out pretty fast.Waiter made ketchup happy faces on the plates they also do a dancing routine every now and then. If you are in the mall and want a burger, this is a good place to go. I wouldn't make a special trip for this restaurant though.
5 We went on a busy Saturday with my two little nephews. We dont live in Phoenix and it is highly unlikely we will be here or at any other Johnny Rockets ever. We went because we had little kids who only eat burgers. This one is in a non descript mall.  Service was great, no wait,  burgers were ok,(I dont like burgers much, so my opinion on them holds no water at all)  Malts were yummy and big. Not crazy about the paper serveware. They could step it up with the paper products a bit. What made it 5 stars is that were these older couples who apparently go there to listen to the jukebox and hang out like they probably did in the 1950's.  A few times, these adorbs older couples got up and danced.  Really well, Danced fast. Not sure I could have kept up and I certainly couldn't have danced with such grace,  I fell in love with all of them. Yes, I know they had nothing to do with the restaurant, but this is my yelp review and if I want to give them 5 stars because I love their customers, I can.  So there you go.
3 My kids really like this place, so I can tolerate it once in awhile. Their standard burger is your best bet. I suggest you avoid their chicken-based items entirely - BLAND. I'll gladly visit this place over a McDonald's, Denny's or any other ultra-generic-chains. Oh, and their shakes are pretty darned good too.
1 We went here for lunch on my fiance's birthday 09/19/11. The waiter wasn't even friendly to begin with. I asked what was good on their menu and healthy, since I'm eating for two. He recommended a chicken, bacon, and iceberg salad and I had asked for ranch dressing on the side. My finance a double onion ring, bacon burger, along with a sundae that would be free for his birthday the waiter informed us. We asked if our fries could be brought out first and he was going to charge us twice if he did. We thought he was joking, he wasn't. It took 20 minutes for our food to be brought out, and they weren't even right. He ended up with a single patty burger with just onion rings, and my salad with no dressing neither on the side or salad. We called him over and he said he'd bring out the right food. He didn't even take back the food he had brought out. So ten minutes pass and all he brings back is ranch dressing. My fiance had told me he had liked this place, but was very disappointed on how everything was going now at this place. It was my first and final time here. I'm only giving it one star because we talked to the manger and he apologized on the waiters mistakes. He took off my salad since I didn't touch it and the extra charge of fries, since to begin with that they are all you can eat fries, but charged for my finance's burger. The total still came out to rounded up $18, for his burger, two fries, two drinks, and we never received our sundae. I am very disappointed in this place. It was just us and three other couples in there that afternoon, so I can't even say it was crappy because it was busy.
3 LOVE the food, LOVE the ambiance, service is not impressive but friendly enough, but the bath room wreaks more then Chevron.
3 I stopped by for lunch after walking around AZ mills, The place was PACKED! the hostess said there would be a 20 min wait for a booth, so i ended up just getting a milkshake to go. I ordered the apple pie shake( which was $5.42 with tax) I waited 25 min for the shake :( it was an OK shake and a regular size, definitely not worth the $5.42 and a 25 min wait. Next time ill go when its not so busy. I gave 3 stars because I've eaten here before and the burgers are pretty good.
4 Four stars because the manager (Rob) retired and unsure of the future of this location. We used to come here at least once a week and the service, staff, and environment was everything we came to expect and love of Johnny Rockets. We will miss Rob, but will still keep the dream alive.
3 The Streamliner (veggie) burger and Grilled Chicken Breast Sandwich were good, but the shakes are out of this world!!  They stole the show.  I got the Strawberry Banana and my friend got the Orange Dreamsicle! YUM!
4 Came here on a fairly busy time. But, we were served quickly to a point. The malts were really good and I do not eat things like this very often.  Fries were a bit on the greasy side. But, the food was not bad and the price is pretty good as well. I really like Red Robin more ,but you have to shake it up and try it all. Bathrooms were not too bad. It was busy there so they did a good job keeping it all togehter.  I like that they use paper and not Plastic. It is better for everything,including us humans.
3 Food was good but very expensive and waited about 45 min to be served.
2 Our waitress was nice. But everything else wasn't. Food took forever to come out. Ask for  water in a kids cup, took them 15min or so. It was Thursday nooning, hardly anyone there.. I like Johnny rockets but not coming back to this one :(
2 Service sucked and was incredibly slow.  We sat for 15 minutes at the bar before we were even acknowledged.  Shakes were pretty good with delicious whipped cream but I wouldn't go back simply because of the service.
2 My experience with this Johnny Rockets has been "meh." there is usually ample seating, so getting a table never takes long. I come here a lot for several reasons unrelated to the quality of this establishment and despite coming at all sorts of different times, my experiences are consistently poor. It takes long time to get our food (never ordering anything special) often longer than 30 minutes. The quality of the food is ok (maybe 3 stars) and the waiters are also average (3 stars). But often the wait staff is inattentive to drink refills and other key things (like order taking or checking in). So I'm dropping them down to 2 stars. Also, as a side note, when I have onion rings substituted for fries (at an additional charge) they give me a pitifully small number of onion rings--like 5 medium sized ones.
5 The Black Forest Malt is so good it's ridiculous!
3 Food was great and our server Edward was awesome and a sweetheart but they had gnats inside the restaurant
3 Stopped in today for a first ever visit to a Johnny Rockets, joined by Mike C.  I went with a Rocket Single Cheeseburger ($5.99) and a Chocolate Malt ($4.59).  That was a little pricey, but both were good, especially the malt, and the service was excellent.  I didn't think it quite measured up to similar 5 & Diner for the same order and "50's Experience," so I'm going to award these guys 3 Stars.    :-)
4 We stopped in for a quick bite. Good service.  Clean. A little wait but worth the price.
5 This place is AMAZING the service is always great and on point the food is always hot fresh and great tasting oldies music always playin they always make a smiley face with ketchup for u male and female before your food comes out and the staff even does a dance for entertainment always a great time
