4 Okay, let's get it straight here:  This is:                       Denny's They serve:                Denny's food They're open:            24 hours Your expectations:   moderately low, but you still expect some quality                                      to the food and service  . . .and you'll get it here.  Yes, it's Denny's, but $6 plus drink, tax, and tip will get you a decent and filling breakfast plate at 9 in the morning, 3 in the afternoon, or 12 midnight., and that ain't bad.  Our server was friendly and helpful.  If all you're looking for is Denny's, this Denny's will do just fine, especially if you're on the road in town at 10:00 at night and all the other restaurants around have already closed.
5 I had a surprise birthday party here once and it was absolutely lovely :) Not only was the staff helpful and compliant, but they went above and beyond to make it fun for everyone, from the old to the very young. Thanks for playing along, guys!
4 I have been by this place many times and finally stopped one day. I had Breakfast on a Saturday morning. My server was Maxwell. He was adorable and very professional. I was happy I had gone in.Food is not the best but, it is very inexpensive, so no complaints here.  After such a great experience, I thought I would go back for lunch. Since this time it was a week day Maxwell was not working, so I was given another waiter. He tried, however yelling at me from across the room ,did I need anything else was not professional at all. I know he just did not know any better. Please do not discuss your personal lives at work where all the patrons can hear. It is bad Business. Perhaps Maxwell should be teaching the others how to behave when they are at work. I had gone in for a late lunch so there was only 3 other tables in here.  All the more reason not to put your business out on the street. I am sure I will be back. But, I am hoping to get Maxwell or someone similar next time. Bathroom is clean and lots of parking in the lot.
5 I love this place. Excellent value for money. Great service. Wide range of selections. Lot's of them vegetarian. Plus, they have a 'fit fare' menu that's pretty delicious too. I would particularly recommend the Veggie Skillet. What I like the most about this place though is the fact that it's always open!! Literally always, 24*7 even on Thanksgiving, Christmas, New year's day.
5 This Denny's has been here forever! There's good reason why, since the location is convenient, being so close to the 60. Service has always been friendly, prices reasonable, and food consistent. Also, it's nice that they are open 24 hours, even on Christmas Eve.
3 Don't usually have problems with this Denny's but recently there were 2 hairs in my pancakes.  Yes in the middle of cutting it I pulled them out from the inside. They were nice enough not to charge me and make me new pancakes.
1 so surprised why this Denny's is close to 5 star ratings, we went for breakfast. my husbands pancakes, eggs bacon or sausages were stiff like they microwaved the plate of the that was cooked a week early 4 times before we got there. I though by looking at the food the manager would be SHOCKED. NOPE he offered us free food that we declined and still made us pay for the plate. IHOP will be my new choice
4 Saturday morning breakfast. .no wait. Had Britney as a server. She had our waters and our order in under 5 minutes.  Our food came out in about 10 minutes.  Pretty good considering that its early on Saturday am. But this place isn't packed? Anyway the food was fine..it is Dennys so dont go crazy.
1 Worst experience my boyfriend and I have ever had going out to eat. Food was cold and looked and tasted like it was all microwaved. Table and booth was dirty and sticky. If you want a quick but good breakfast definitely go to U.S Egg
