3 Located right near the Eba tea corner in WakiWaki on Broadway (near Palo Verde for you lushes), Tailgates is kind of a dude bar...but with real darts and the best BuckHunter arcade game YET.  I learned about this place since a friend started picking up some bartending shifts and invited us to place darts. I use to love to play darts back in Boston, but most dart boards out here are those terrible electronic ones (ICK) or in the worst place in the bar...or simple just one (A-hem, Casey's). So I was stoked to see four real dartboards (they have dartboard champion nights here), but the real beauty was the ULTIMATE BuckHunt game with all kinds of new exotic animals to "Lets Go A-Huntin'" (did I mention I am vegetarian?-but can't resist a bright orange plastic rifle?).  The bar is located back near the joint, straightforward sports like bar, a little dirty, not a place to bring guys in nice polos, but they do have decent beers on tap for pitchers, and they just added Stella on tap, always nice option.   There is a smoking lounge off to the side of the bar and you can go outside w/your beverage and have a ciggie if so desired.  I believe there is food here, but I come here pretty late at night so don't have the pleasure to recommend anything.  As a note, besides the bartender, I have usually been the only woman in this bar. In fact, I only come here with my Mr. Mustachio. I wouldn't really recommend a woman to come here alone or to have a lady's night outing here b/c you are about to enter the man cave of TVs, beer, darts and games-I am sure the guys would swarm you (and your ladies) just to have a lady to hit on. You have been warned!  Easy parking (and easy bike riding for me) makes it a nice little quick stop when I don't feel like dropping money at Boulder's for their premium  brew or getting slushed on PVs Big Gulps of wells.
4 This is the watering hole closest to my humble abode, so I may be a little biased, but I love this place. It's exactly what I would picture when given the phrase "hole in the wall bar", and that's what I'm looking for when I just want to relax and unwind or even pregame.  The bartender/server/foodrunner/barback that basically runs the place (I seriously don't know what the owners would do without her) is so nice and a very cool person to interact/chat with.   The food, while not as extremely diversified as it could be, is always prepared when you order it and comes out hot and delicious.   They have a cool side patio to smoke on. The bar also falls right on the Orbit route so it's just a quick lift back home or to a different location.
3 Ive only been here for lunch but this looks like the place where you can go and just get completely trashed out of your mind. The lunch was great and inexpensive. This HUGE burger and fries for like 4.99 or something close to it and I'm still here wondering the the hell people even go to McDonald's and eat that trash. I was also surprised to see actual bristle Dartboards at this place. If I lived near this place I wood definitely be a regular.
4 The wife and I stopped here for a bite and beer and was surprised. The steaks we ordered were huge and very tasty. Overall good beer selection and great service from Robin made foe a great evening.
5 Great bar. They have great food specials everyday. Sports bar with 10 TV's. Bartenders are the best in Tempe. 5 stars.
3 Steak and eggs special on Sundays which is great for early foot ball games.  Divey but friendly.  Old tvs but enough of them because its not very crowded.
4 I'm not much of a dive bar person. However, the place is rather interesting. It has that "old bar" feel where people come there to just relax.  Heck, you can even chat with the bartender - try that in Scottsdale! There was even a chick that was there at the bar reading a book. Talk about chill.  Is this a place I'd go out of my way to attend? Is it a place I'd go if I lived close? I'd say so!   Also to note... I was actually confused at the bill. three drinks and my bill was like $8. $8 for three drinks... which in comparison would probably barely buy me one drink in Scottsdale. With that said, if you plan on buying LESS than $10 in drinks/food... then you gotta pay CASH.
4 My kind of drinking place. Big ass bar. Lots of talkative friendly people. Mature acting students and a crowd beyond our college years all come together and have a great time. Food is good and prices reasonable. Food special M-F if you're drinking.  Bottled beers kept icy cold in a bed of ice.  Smoking patio in the shade. Plenty of parking. Great selection of artists on the jukebox.   They have a stage but I have yet to learn of live music or a karaoke night,  maybe soon.
4 Great spot. Good food, excellent service and good prices. Good people take this place over the top. If you like to sit and watch football Sundays it can get pricey, but you will have fun.
4 Nice local bar with the family feel. Had a fish & chips that was spot on and the price very reasonable. I will surely go back! Wnt back the day after which seemed to be dog dag (1$ for a dog). Gr8 place!
4 A bar & chill... pool, darts, sports, jukebox, and fantastic pizza of all things. I work close by and am always tempted to cruise in. Especially during work. The layout is pretty awesome, for some reason it just feels right. It is like the porridge that is not too hot or too cold. I brought a friend in, and some old dude from across the bar quickly reached out and bought her a drink. haha, thanks man.
1 Whoever ranked this higher than one star has never been to a decent sports bar. I can appreciate the charm of a good dive, but this place was all dive and no charm, with a dash shitty service to top it all off.
4 Fun place! There for NFL game & regulars were friendly. Wings were good. Easy on prices. If it served Pepsi, it would be 5 stars. RC cola is okay though
5 Cowabunga Dudes:  This palce Rocks. Best spicy bloody mary I have ever had (and I've had a few). My favoriite memory of this bar is when a fight broke out at the pool table, and the Robin (the bar maid) jumpped over the bar and beat both of the offenders. Ejecting them both from the Bah.  The wangs are not half bad too, $0.25 on Mondays, and Jude has very visualy pleasant set of breasts. Her sister's kinda cute too, not quite the boobies but curvey. WARNING: Watch out for for Mansuray she lurks on the corner stool, and will try to spice your beer. This is all true pilgrim, amen.
4 The service (by the wonderful Lauren) was great, and the drink choices were strong and cheap. $4 for a "Mad Lauren" which only took two for me to feel it the rest of the night is better than an $8 shot on Mill. The people were interesting, and the owner extremely nice! Yeah we stood out like sore thumbs because we were college kids, but no one even cared. How can you beat it? Chill atmosphere, good cheap drinks, and great tunes all night long. Pretty sure our next ladies night wel'll skip Mill and come here instead! And did I mention the best after hours bar pizza I've ever had? Yeah, there's that too!
5 Good owner, nice bartenders , cheap drinks And good food. Tons of tvs to watch the games. Relaxed and chill dive bar.
