1 I usually like Pizza Hut, but every time I have ordered food from this location, the pizza has been burned and the wings undercooked... How does that work?!  I finally gave up and stopped ordering from there all together!  I go to Dominos! Great Pizza at Dominos!!!
1 This is the worst Pizza Hut I have ever been to. I was up-charged for something I didn't order. When I asked for it to be corrected it was done wrong again, given the wrong change and had the drive thru door slammed in my face. Asked to speak to the manager and he was extremely hostile. He took my change, receipt and food. After some time I asked for a refund and was told that wasn't possible, too much paperwork. Asked for his supervisors number and was told he was the highest manager, there was no one above him. Right.   I went to the next Pizza Hut and asked for the regional manager number. I left the food at the restaurant because I was no comfortable eating it after he took it back to correct their mistake. Not sure what could have been done to it.  The young girl at the window did get it wrong twice, but the example the store manager gives is piss poor and is the issue. I hope Pizza Hut sees who they have working for them and speaking on their behalf because according to this store manager, Tim, he's the owner and CEO of the company. I highly doubt that.
4 During my kitchen remodel I ate at pizza hut a lot more than I ever intended to. It actually got to the point where the guy working knew who I was. I don't remember the mangers name but he's a cool dude and once when there was an issue with a payment he helped me out. Now that my kitchen is done I don't eat there often but I do make sure to buy a pizza at least once a month with those guys.
1 What university town doesn't have a glut of pizza joints surrounding the campus? You would think all the competition would motivate each establishment to vie on quality, taste, price, service, convenience--something to differentiate itself from the place down the street.  Pizza Hut doesn't seem to care about standing out on any basis except bad customer service. We ordered 15 pizzas today for lunch before a lecture. Delivery time was set for 11:45 so people could get pizza before the noon lecture started and they could eat it while listening to the speaker.   The lecture started on time but the pizza was late. The delivery boy finally showed up and brought 10 pizzas in one trip and said he had to make a second trip for the rest of the pizzas, plates and napkins. By the time things were set up, It was too late to interrupt the speaker and ask the audience of 40 to help themselves to pizza in an adjoining room.   I told the delivery boy I was unhappy that he was late and that I would keep the pizzas but would not pay for the pizzas since they were going to sit around for an hour and get cold before people could eat them. I told him I would call his manager and discuss the situation with her.   He said if I wasn't going to pay for pizza, then he would take them all back. He started to pack them up while complaining that I was messing up his scheudle. I relented, signed for the them, and went to call the manager. The manager heard my story but said I could either have the pizzas picked up or pay for them. They would not comp them even though they were delivered late and our guests missed a timely lunch.  The manager said she did not have the authority to comp $200 worth of pizza. She could just pick them up or I could pay for them. It dawned on me later that if Pizza Hut picked up the pizzas, by law they would have to throw them away, so they would be losing the money whether they were picked up or if they comped them. I asked, haven't you ever had a bad experience at a restaurant and had the manager come over, apologize for the screw up and comp the meal? She said she couldn't comment on that scenario.  The irony is that this order went bad at two different times. I called the store hours before delivery and told them I could meet them on the street with a cart so the driver wouldn't have to waste time finding a place to park or getting lost looking for our building. I was told that wasn't necessary. If we had done that, I would have been happy with the order and it would have been on time.   Later, if the delivery driver had brought plates and napkins during his first drop off, people could have started eating, but I had to wait for his second trip for the plates and napkins and by then our lecture had started and it was too late for people to eat.  So Pizza Hut got their $200, but we didn't get timely delivery or hot pizza. It ended up sitting around for 1-1/2 hours. We won't be ordering anything from them in the future. On average, we order pizzas at least once a month--Big Jimmy's or Hungry Howies, stand by for our call. Just be on time.
1 Don't go here!!!  Not only was the pizza undercooked...as in soggy raw crust, the service was incredibly rude.  My family waited one hour and 45 minutes for this inedible garbage.  I called the location multiple times while waiting with the last call being to cancel the order.  The "manager" that answered not only yelled profanities at me she also hung up on me.  I went personally to the store the next day demanding a full refund which I received with multiple apologies.   I don't care how sorry you are at the way I was treated or how crummy the product was.   I will NEVER order from this establishment again.
1 Listen to other poor reviews. This is the worst Pizza Hut I've ever gone to. The lobby closes at 8:30 and they make you pick up through a drive thru which gets backed up quickly.  The service is extremely rude.  The store is very sketchy.  I contacted Pizza Hut corporate 3 times regarding an unsatisfactory experience but not once got a reply from the store.  This store does not care about customer satisfaction or making things right... They just want your money.  Do yourself a favor and stay far, far away from this specific Pizza Hut location.  Unless they begin to turn things around, I expect eventually they will be forced to shut down this store location.
