1 I was happy at first that they could always get me in and serviced in a reasonable amount of time, but then started getting irritated about how whenever I would have something fixed on my vehicle, something else would go wrong. This could very well be coincidence, but it has happened far to often for me to not mention it. I hope everyone else's luck with this place is better than mine!
1 I agree with the previous review... I was happy at first but then my "check engine" light  came on right after I took my car for an oil change at this Midas location. I also thought it was a coincidence. I went to Auto Zone to get a free diagnostic and since it wasn't anything major I decided to wait until my next oil change. The next time I went to Midas they gave me a list of  things I had to fix that were going to cost hundreds of dollars. Once again i thought it was a coincidence. Then, I gave my roommate a coupon to go there to get an oil change and guess what? her car broke within a few hours of the oil change. She called and they were not very helpful and just wanted to charge her hundreds of dollars to fix the problem they caused. coincidence? I don't think so!
1 I found the customer service to be less than reasonable "standard of care."
4 I've used Midas in the past in CA for oil changes and brakes.  This is my first Midas experience in the Tempe area.  My truck was due for an oil change and tire rotation. I went in without an appointment and I was told the process would take about 30 minutes. There was another car already getting an oil change. I was glad I got in when I did. Shortly after I arrived, four more folks came in for an oil change.  The wait time was about 2 hours when the last guy came in.  Unless you get there when Midas opens, you may want to schedule an appointment to have your oil changed or take the chance your oil change may take several hours.   During the oil change, the service agent notified of a possible issue with my truck. He showed me the issue when the truck was on the lift and tires being rotated. I was appreciative that he told me to keep an eye on the problem. There was no pressure to fix the issue on the spot.  Staff was friendly and helpful.
4 I stopped in to get something looked at on my car that Pep Boys would have charged $40 to do. I walked into the lobby and was greeted and the man at the counter said "well let's take a look!". He came out and checked under the hood, and other gentleman even came out and took a second look. Luckily, it was nothing serious and they said to come back if the problem got worse.   I'll definitely choose this place over Pep Boys when it comes to getting my car worked on.
1 RIP OFF!!! I had a horrible experience with these clowns.  Went in to get a power steering pump replaced, and was soon called back because my part was "defective".    I was told it was the part, then it wasn't the part it was the rack, then it was the part AND the rack.  With a $218 bill for a car that still didn't work, I argued until I was blue in the face and got off without having to pay.  They guaranteed me that it would cost around $1500 to get a new rack and pump installed  LONG story very short: After going to a REAL mechanic, I learned the reservoir for the power steering fluid was clogged. $15 part.  I guess they were only off by about   $1485 DOLLARS!!!!  What a bunch of con artists. DO NOT GO HERE!!!
1 Misleading and aggressively trying to UPSELL!  I called this business to ask for a price on some brake pads for my car, explaining the name, model, and specific things I was looking for (Including turning the rotors) and was given a price $119 to repair them. When I came down to the store, they said they needed to look at the brakes, but they assured me that they would have the brakes done relatively quickly. When I came back, they told me that I needed over $500 in brake work done including much more expensive brake pads, an additional charge to drain my "bad brake fluid", and an additional charge on top of the very expensive pads to turn the rotors. He also said I needed an air filter, and was going to charge extra time for that as well. Fortunately, I received three quotes, and went to another store who charged me $131, and told me that my brake fluid was fine, the rotors were in fine shape and would be turned as part of the service, and that he could replace the filter for $20.    I am COMPLETELY angry that Midas would not only lie to me over the phone, but tried to add extra charges and assertively told me I had to have this service when I knew my car was relatively new, and didn't need any of the extra services he was trying to upsell. Don't trust this business.
1 Never go to these guys. They just want to suck money from us.   Last friday I went to them as there was a problem with my key and lock. I was facing issues in turning the key to start the car. The guy in the reception, he didn't even check the car or never came near the car, after hearing what i said he gave me a estimate of 400$. I wanted to recheck it and I didn't like his way of judging the problem without even having a look at it, so I went to a local service center, and he took a look at it and told to try the other key which worked.   So never go to this service center and if at all u go, just do what u wanted to do and dont take their advise or suggestions.
1 STAY AWAY! They will go the extra mile for you, but why else wouldn't they when they are ripping you off!? Got a quote at another auto shop for a catalytic converter for around $900. Upon using our free oil change coupon at midas, they indicated that I needed work on the catalytic converter. I never asked them about it, they just told me. They gave me an estimate of $1500 to have it worked on! $1500!! Then when I told them I wasn't interested, they gave us every reason in the book as to why it was necessary and why we shouldn't go anywhere else. Ok, so back tracking to our free coupon... We were given a free coupon at our previous visit when we had no choice go there when we had a flat. Upon trying to fix the flat, they "accidentally" broke off one of posts that holds the lugnuts. That day, they also suggested we get our "rotors replaced". We took it to another shop, and that shop told us that the rotors were perfectly fine.
1 I went in for an oil change: the air filter wasn't put back on correctly setting off a warning light got a pitch for $2000 upsell hubcap fell off when driving away chains like this (e.g. just brakes) are more interested in maximizing money extraction rather than developing long term beneficial relationships.  go to auto worx instead
1 I went to this Midas for years because it was close to where I live in Tempe and convenient. But after being ripped off and scammed by these guys I finally went elsewhere (now I go to an independent place in Mesa). They will overcharge you at every opportunity, especially on labor. I'll give you an example. Replacing a fuel hose (because they claimed my other one had a hole in it?) they charged me 150 dollars for the part and 150 dollars for the labor on top!! And they caused so many problems with careless work. TWICE I came in for oil changes and within 24-48 hours, my engine was leaking gasoline (flowing!). Why? The mechanics would "accidentally" knock it lose during their work - and yes, they would charge me to fix it. Great job Midas guys, you bilked me for thousands over the years. I wish you nothing but the worst in this life and the next.
1 I was happy with the work these guys did for me at first. I have taken 3 different cars there, all with a/c problems and they seemed to have fixed them for a short while. My newest problem, had them install entire a/c system into my Durango which I went and bought the parts (same parts they would have gotten from AutoZone) for $400 cheaper than what they wanted. They installed all the parts, but I think they may have NOT installed the expansion valve which I did supply. THey gave me a box with the parts they removed, and the old expansion valve was not in the box. The a/c compressor stopped working on saturday before labor day so I took it to them. I got a call from Richard about two hours later telling me it was a faulty wire and I was "good to go". I went and picked up my Durango and after the next day, (which was a holiday) the rear air blew cold and front blew hot. I called a mechanic friend of mine who said it sounds like the expansion valve. I am taking it to him tomorrow and if he tells me the expansion valve was not replaced, I WILL SUE MIDAS.....Dont use these guys. They are nice enough but they will take you for every dime. I will use RONS AUTO SERVICE AND TIRE on Guadalupe and Price from now on. Only reason I didnt use them is Midas is close to home. NEVER AGAIN.
4 Good experience.
1 Okay, literally just left here after a one and a half hour oil change with only 3 cars in the shop at the time (You tell me how the hell that works.) Upon receiving their complimentary inspection,  I was told it would be 1500 to take care of everything on the inspection! Needles to say, the rude service I had from one of the gentlemen at the counter and the long wait time has not earned my repeat business. (The other guy at the counter was nice though. Cool guy.)
1 If this had a lower rating then one star I would have given it that rating this place has horrible customer service the people that work in there are not knowledgable and are idiots at best . If you are reading this now please take my words of advice go some where else that wants your business .
4 I started taking my Honda to this Midas in early 2009. Keith who is the store manager there has always been helpful upfront and honest about my car. He would tell me what had to be fixed that day what could wait so many miles to be fixed later and what he would charge for each option. The front desk man is also always nice. It only took one stop in my new Toyota at Toyota service center on Camelback to realize how good I had it at this Midas. I brought my Toyota in this month and they did the oil change for 30 bucks and the car inspection including tire rotation alignment etc. while Toyota wanted to charge me over $80 for the same service.  I recommend this Midas to people and if you ask for Keith or Richard or Bill you have the same experience I have.
1 Terrible. Go in for an oil change, leave with new tires and $1500 in repairs, under the assumption that everything would be fixed for my car. The next day my car starts making the worst noise I had ever heard. Went back in and it turns out my tires were not put correctly. How are you going to call yourself a mechanic if you cant even put a tire on correctly?
5 Finding someone you trust with your car who will give it to you straight is priceless! I love this auto shop and I am so grateful for the wonderful service they always provide. Thank you!!
1 Each time I go in, it is never just a routine oil change that I need.  Since I do not know much about cars, the dollar sign lights up in their eyes since they know I am a chump and will pay for unnecessary work.  But after thousands of dollars invested into this company, I am done.  Not only did I keep my paper work from my previous visit but I kept it from the one prior to that.  So from May 2013 it was recommended I get new tires and a cabin filter.  These were not done.  In August 2013, the paper work showed the tread went from yellow to green or from worse to better.  The same thing goes for the cabin filter.  I will be certain to pass along the lack of incompetence your store has to potential future customers, which most likely will be very scarce.
