5 So my electric back hair shaver (aka MANGROOMER Do-It-Yourself Electric Back Hair Shaver)  was on the fritz and boy was my back getting a little to "Robin William's" like and I couldn't stand it any longer.  I had to get it fixed!  This place can repair any type of shaving device, add new blades, or they even sell you a new one if needed.  They also sell and repair small appliances, vacuum cleaners, coffee pots, and blenders.  ---Really I just come here to get the blade and foil replaced on my razor.   The location on Northern, and the one on Central are both closed now.
4 After having a problem with my Dyson vacuum not sucking when I used the attachment I made a call into Dyson customer service.  I followed their instructions, and pretty near took the whole vacuum apart trying to find an obstruction.  After all this failed to fix my sucking problem, they referred me to Shav-Tronics an authorized Dyson repair shop.  I called them on Monday and spoke with Steve who told me I could bring my vacuum and there would be a $30 diagnostic charge (applied to the repair).  I brought the vacuum in Tues. morning, Steve plugged it in and said there was a problem with a switch somewhere and they would call by Friday with the problem and an estimate.  Living with 3 cats, I use my vacuum daily, so I was a little annoyed it would take so long to just figure out what the problem was!  (This is why only 4 stars not 5).  He said he would call me if they could get to it sooner.  Not having any other options, I left the vacuum and hoped for sooner rather than later.    Thurs. afternoon Steve called to say the problem was a switch, it would be $66 plus change and would be ready first thing Fri. morning.  Sounds good so I authorized the repair.  The vacuum was ready, but I'm glad I asked Steve to double check, because he had to make an adjustment on the switch for it to work properly.  I asked him to elaborate on the problem and his repair on the receipt so I could submit it to Square Trade for reimbursement.  (I love SquareTrade warranties!)  I love my Dyson and it's now sucking from the floor and the attachment and I'm one happy camper.  I'd for sure go back here again!
5 Dropped off my DYSON vacuum cleaner for maintenance and they called 2 days later and had it fixed! It was covered under warranty but still happy they were able to take care of it immediately  They also sell refurbished stand mixers, parts and vacuum cleaners.
5 These guys are great! They always come through for me as I have taken shavers and vacuum cleaners to them. They fix everything in a timely manner. I use the location in Tempe on Southern Ave.
2 Dyson paid to have my item fixed this place was the closet authorized  fixer. Poor customer service i called them a week after i dropped off the vacuum just for the guy to say that they had to order a part and it would be at least 10 more days. Honestly it is free I do not really care how long it takes but call the customer and let them know what is going on do not just call them 3 weeks later and say ok your item is ready for pick up. Rating is for overall POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.
5 I took my grandmother's 1959 Kitchen Aid stand mixer there in the hope that they could bring it back to life.  These guys agreed to open it up and take a look (non-refundable $20), where the other repair shops recommended I dump it and buy a new one.  They called me with a cost estimate and completion date and honored both.  I am thrilled that I found this honest operation.  Safe to say you are in good hands with them.
5 I took my Dyson there thinking they would maybe be able to fix it . And if so would probably be half the price of a new one. I was half wrong. They did fix it and for half of what I thought it would be. Did I great job.. Took it house and did the whole house with excellent results. Great job!!!
