2 I never walk into a drug store expecting something spectacular, because you'll never really get that.  It satisfied all of my needs, which was to stuff my utility pockets with movie treats like Whoppers and Hot Tamales, at drugstore price instead of movie theater price, before seeing Dark Knight.    I feel that this location is more ghetto than others.  It seems like there is always at least one shady person hanging out outside the door.  Kind of reminds me of the feeling I have whenever I'm at a Circle K.  This location is the closest drug store so I go frequently, but I don't recommend going out of your way to make it to this one.   When I walked in I noticed out of the corner of my eye that there was a new employee that I hadn't seen before, and it was a girl that might have been attractive.  But then when I checked out I realized it was a guy with long hair!!  Gross !  Reminds me of the time my friend told me he used to have a crush on one of Hansen before he found out they were boys....awkward!!!
5 At the time Zach C. wrote his review, Walgreen was housed in the crumbling strip mall on the SE corner of Mill & Broadway. After a mysterious construction, there is now a goregous new Walgreen on the SW corner of Mill & Broadway. I am not sure why they moved it across the street except for liquor laws has been one of the motives voices (like not wanting to see it anymore) or the competition of a bright shiny CVS on Mill & University (which I gave a solitary star and I begrudge an hour of my life wasted trying to read O magazine while waiting 2 hours for simple antibiotics w/o ANY seating).  Anywho.  This is my go to place. I love the Walgreen on Southern and Rural since they have the nicest Pharmacists who have outstanding advice for any ailment (they saved my feet from further ant bite torture twice-best tip-the minute you get an ant bite, keep drying it out w/alcohol to prevent swelling as well as benedryl) and will answer any embarrassing question with humor and will go into the aisles with you.  Now with the new pharmacy in the back of this Walgreen, they have a designated seating area, three drop off/pick up windows, roped off areas for the windows.  When my sinus problems spread into my ears, I was given a heavy dose antibiotic that costs at the cheapest $75 generic. I was offered the Walgreen drug program for $25 a year, and brought the generic down to $39.99. They have an honest wait time, a good selection of magazines to ponder and actually good merchandise and food items one would want to purchase while in the store anyway.  The consulatation is always thorough, and recently had to go for another antibiotic and saved $10 on the prescription from the membership since I was in the system.  Well stocked beverage fridge, enough employees, sales on items I like, and pretty bum free- value.
5 This is probably one of the best pharmacies in Tempe. I was going to the CVS on mill for a while but had a terrible experience there and they only had the medicines I needed every once in a while, so I ended up here. It's a bit farther up the road, but I don't mind, it's totally worth it. The staff is attentive and helpful, even greeting you when you walk in the door. Everything there is priced as average and the wait time at the pharmacy is relatively short. I was able to get what I needed in a timely manner without having to pay too much. I found some really awesome snacks while I was there too. Oh, and one of their guy pharmacists was really cute too (I think his name was jeremy or something like that?) Super awesome place to go. Great service all around. Totally my go-to from here on out.
4 Always nice, fast with filling medications. Glad the store is open 24 hours has been helpful, especially for my boyfriend who works nights, better selection than circle k.
5 This location is open 24 hours and that's good for when you need to pick up something on the fly very early in the morning or sometime late at night.   Helpful staff, always friendly, and this store is laid out for easy shopping.
5 They accidentally cut my boyfriend's head off.  But it was very nice of the photo center to reprint his picture to include all of his head, at no extra charge.
1 Terrible customer service. I called Walgreen's customer service 4 times, and never received a call from management as promised. Here is the email I sent them, which I have not received a reply to either!  This is the Walgreen's located at 2000 S Mill Ave  Tempe, AZ  "I have called, and spoke with your customer service several times, but have never received a call back as I was promised. The phone number associated with these calls is 480.967.XXXX. The exact date and time should be in the notes from those calls. I am xxxx xxxx, a 59 year old Walgreen's customer of 30 years. I ride a small two wheel electric scooter. It is smaller than a shopping cart. It is not practical to lock this scooter, and the expensive batteries cannot be secured. This scooter is like a two wheeled skateboard with handle bars. I have ridden it to Walgreen's, and brought it in the store with me to pick up prescriptions on many occasions. The last time I picked up a prescription I was told by a man, I assume is a manager, that I can't bring my scooter in the store anymore. This is ridiculous as it is small, makes no noise, makes no mess, takes up very little room, and is my only means of transportation right now. No one has ever complained about it, and when I mentioned not being allowed to bring it in to the pharmacist, he could not understand why, and commented that people bring bikes in the store. I bring this scooter into the grocery, hardware store, fast food stores, and everywhere I go with no problems. I explained this on the phone to your representative, and was told I would be contacted. I was never contacted even after calling back several times, and was told the complaint was being escalated. . This is terrible customer service! I regret that I am contacting my Dr., and having my prescriptions transferred to CVS. CVS has no problem with me bringing my scooter in the store, and  also allow my dog in the store, if I walk there with my dog. I am very disappointed with Walgreen's apparent lack of concern. I will also leave reviews on line wherever possible to let other people know of this incident. "
