5 I signed up here just to write a great review for this place. It takes A LOT to impress me THAT much!  This tiny little shoe repair shop is a gem, where you can see what service is supposed to be! It's not shiny, spacious, or new... it's a plain no-frills shop that is the best, most inexpensive, highest quality, quickest turnaround for fixing up anything conceivable in leather...   I've been there many, many times for odds and ends. They don't do just shoes. I've taken them a dog-mauled Prada to salvage, a Gucci handbag in need of a handle reattachment (this involved snipping the cloth lining, finding a tiny screw, and reattaching the hardware the handle snapped to... not even leather, but Gucci's repair service is so darn expensive - not a problem here!), a pleather wallet that needed a tab to hook onto a chain to be accessible for my handicapped roommate, a cat collar in need of some chopping and resizing, belts to punch, you name it (never a pair of shoes, though, actually!).  Every single time, I'm greeted by the same younger man who is always so pleasant, takes time to see what you need, is highly knowledgeable about seemingly anything leather (who knew a leather tab would work better for my roommate's wallet so it stayed closed rather than the rivet I went in wanting? I didn't even think of that, but he did!)....  The first item I took in was a Prada handbag a dog had gotten ahold of. They were honest with me - told me they could only do so much. My hopes weren't high, but I went with it because the price I was quoted was so much less expensive than anticipated. (PS, the price they quote you is THE price. No costly surprises at pick up!)  I was surprised!! As stated, they couldn't make it perfect again. But they did piece the tattered area back together perfectly , shine it up, coat it... now you really have to look under the edge or feel that it's a bit harder than the rest of the purse to tell something damaged it. I took a Coach to a different leather maker a few years back and was so disappointed, so I was ready to write the purse off entirely. Instead, 3 days after drop off, I got it back looking much better than expected and I still carry it to this day!  Bottom line: Personal service. Prices so inexpensive they still shock me every time. No job too big or too small. They treat me the same whether I bring in something that cost $10 or $1000. Sometimes I go in places looking dumpy and can't get anyone to help me. Other times I go in looking nice and feel like certain stores try to gouge me because they think I can afford it. NOT HERE. They treat everyone wonderfully and their prices on everything I've had done were sooo low. Knowledge. HONESTY (I recently inquired about a belt, and they told me it would be about the same price but that I could get it quicker at a competitor...?!? Who does that?)  It's been a long time since I found a store that genuinely, all-around impressed me and surprised me repeatedly. I can be extremely picky. It seems the expectations I have of service are antiquated and old-fashioned. This small shop seems to have been around for a long while, and for good reason... because they aren't trying to milk customers for all they are worth, because they do a quick, quality job, and they are so very nice!  So, if you ever need anything repaired (even if you doubt they can or will do it) STOP BY! Ask... I'd bet you'll be surprised!  -Jessica
5 I went in today to pick up some shoe polish for two pairs of shoes.  The guy that helped me was very honest about what would and wouldn't work for me and the products they offered.  He also ended up telling me to wait or suggested two other shops that might have the colour I needed, rather than ruin the colour I wanted.  I definitely plan on waiting and bringing my business back here.  I definitely agree with Jessica that the younger guy that works here (seemingly every day) is amazing at his customer service.  He took the time to address each customer in the shop and offer advice for each situation.  He clearly knows his craft well and is proud about the services that the shop can offer.
5 This place is absolutely fabulous, I recommend it to anyone that needs shoes fixed or cleaned.  Ive taken several pairs of heels, dance shoes, boots...even my favorite purse here. Theyve performed every kind of repair for me whether it was fixing a mangled zipper, recoloring my leather heels, resoling a pair of boots, fixing heels, and even completely redoing the insides of a couple pairs.  They are always nice and fast.  Affordable and worth every penny. So glad I stumbled across them, and by accident no less!
5 Absolutely incredible. It appears the young lad who works here seems to be the go-to front-desk man everyday for this shop. He was very helpful and told me exactly what my shoes needed and didn't suggest pricier repair options that my shoes really weren't in need of! I brought in two pairs of dress shoes; one of which I had the heels replaced ($22, free shining included) and another just for shining ($8) and they made them look near-brand new again! I will certainly be bringing all of my shoes in for repairs/cleaning within the near future to this fantastic little shop!   Keep singing,  -Jerron
5 Excellent service! Part of the boot heel on my brand new leather boots fell off and Broadway Shoe Repair was able to fix it quickly and affordably. Instead of shelling out $100 for new boots, I paid $6 for them to look as good as new :)  Definitely come here for any boot/shoe repair! They rock!
5 Needed to get my Louboutin heels fixed and was scared to take it any shoe repair. Apparently they are an authorized Birkenstock repair shop, and had great reviews on Yelp, so I decided to give them a try.  The guy at the front is very young and super nice. He told me he could fix the heel for $16 and would be done in a week. It's a family owned business and he says all of his brothers work there too. (I love when family members work together!)  Great job, Fast service and trust worthy enough to drop off my expensive heels!
5 I took in two pairs of expensive shoes (my only two pair of expensive shoes!) to Broadway Shoe Repair...just a round the corner from where I live in Tempe. One pair was a pair of flats whose souls (oops, I mean soles!) had worn out and were fraying around the shoe tip. The other was a pair of sandals with a back strap that had stretched out so was rather unsightly to wear out. They did a superb job on both shoes. Flats: polished (which I really didn't have to do) and stained the soles so that they look good as new. Sandals...they took in the back strap perfectly (tried on in the store before leaving. This was a week's turn around and charged $16.00. Think very worth it and would return again as needed.
5 Resurrected a few pairs of old and neglected shoes for a great price.
5 By far the best Shoe repair! I had an emergency one day. One of my  $90 slip-on  Dress shoes ripped at the elastic and was almost falling off my feet.  I was going to buy a new pair right away when a friend suggested I take them to "Broadway Shoe Repair". I called first and asked if they could fix my shoes and explained to them it was an emergency.  They said sure but would have to see them first.  2 Hours later they were back on my feet polished and looking better than new.  $8  WHAT?????  not $20 or $30??? Super friendly, Super knowledgeable at their craft.   Yesterday I stopped by to see if they could put a couple extra holes in my $40 leather belt because it had either stretched or I lost weight. (my wife thinks it stretched)  "No problem, how many holes do you want?"  He was back in 2 minutes, and when I asked  how much?, he said not to worry about it.  Bottom line. My belt fits and my shoes fit, look and feel brand new. They saved me $ Money!!!
5 I had a very expensive pair of leather knee high boots eaten up by my dog. The zipper was immovable and there was a 2" hole in the leather next to the zipper. I almost tearfully  threw them away then found them on Yelp. The fellas at Broadway said "no problem!" I couldn't belive I had my boots back!  I also brough them a pair of old red cowboy boots I bought at a flea market that needed to a new heel and insole. They made them look like I paid big bucks for them!  Very affordable too! Got both of these pairs repaired/refurbished for about fifty dollars. Thank you Broadway Shoe!!
5 This is hands-down the only place I trust to handle my shoes. They do an amazing job and are excellent with designer repairs. A++ quality and a great family-owned business.   As a bonus Neiman Marcus contracts out to them for all the local stores so you can trust the reputation based on that.
5 So, when you adopt a dog who apparently has a penchant for leather, and an appetite for destruction, you get a lot of things torn up, including shoes.  The latest victim of my dog's crimes of the (cow)hide was an expensive pair of black leather shoes I had bought for my husband as a birthday gift.  We headed over to Broadway Shoe Repair, hopeful that they would be able to patch up the shoes.  The price was reasonable ($12), the service was cheerful and friendly, and the repair time wasn't bad (1 week).  The shoes look pretty good, and you can hardly tell it is a patch job unless you look up close at them.  The week after the initial shoe disaster, there was a shoe-pocalypse as yet another pair of shoes fell into the willing jaws of our mighty mutt ($16 repair), and the week after, the canvas crate cover became an evening snack ($8 repair).  We will probably be supplying Broadway Shoe Repair with a lot of business as our small but wily dog finds more wares that have escaped our dog-proofing grasp!
5 Very friendly staff, did a great job fixing the rubber stoppers on some of my favorite heels. Would definitely use again!
5 Great service, affordable prices and quality work. I always take my shoes to Broadway Shoe Repair!
5 I have been using their service for years and never been disappointed. They are family owned business and provide great service. They do excellent repairs for reasonable price.
5 This little family-owned business has saved me so much money and rescued shoes and boots I loved and thought were beyond repair.  They are always reasonable in their prices to the extent that I stop in occasionally to bring them donuts because I feel I owe them.  This business is a real community service and especially a life-saver in this economy!
5 Packing for a last minute trip to Vegas and noticed my favorite pair of black strappy heels are missing the most important parts..the heels!  On both shoes.  Took them in this am and within 15 min they were fixed!  Thanks so much.  Great service.
5 I have used this repair shop for as long as I can remember!. They are family owned, and I love when I get to see the whole family there. The young guy that is usually there, Randy, is very friendly, great with customers, and very understanding for his customers. Whether you need the repair right away or by whenever you need them. They always make my shoes, bags, and belts look 110% better than when I brought them in! Not to mention his hours are very convenient. 9am to 6pm, and sometimes he will wait if you need to. It seems they don't say no to any thing that needs to be repaired!  I always recommend Broadway Shoe Repair to all of my friends, colleagues, and family! Superb service, Thanks so much!
4 Been coming here for years. They do excellent work and reasonable prices. They also took care of my luggage repair.
5 Great service, and a pretty good price.  Very pleased.   My shoes came back looking brand new....really.  A bit pricey, but I am fine with spending a few more bucks, when I get the service, and  quality craftsmanship like this.  Thanks
