5 My daughter Alexa is in Second Grade at Broadmor. I absolutely love this school!   Alexa has been attending this school since Kindergarten. Her Kindergarten teacher was Ms. Lieber. We love Ms Lieber, she is such an amazing teacher... I really do not have enough time to describe how wonderful and amazing it was to have her as our daughter's Kindergarten teacher. We are definitely looking forward to having our Twin Girls in her class starting in Aug 2012. Ms Bowdren was Alexa's first grade teacher, another amazing teacher but she unfortunately no longer teaches at Broadmor. Alexa's teacher this year is Mrs Inman, a teacher just as wonderful as Ms. Lieber. All of the teachers that we have had the opportunity to interact with have been amazing. The teachers are all very caring and very attentive to our child's academic needs.   This school honestly has an amazing PTA. Although admittedly I don't participate in as many event as I would like, they are always very welcoming of us when we do come to participate. Broadmor is not a Title 1 school, so without the PTA and all of the effort they put into fundraising and the amount of parent involvement in general, this school would probably not be as amazing as it is.  This school is just great. I really can't imagine that any of the other elementary schools in Tempe could compare.
5 If I could give Broadmor more than 5 stars I would! The teachers, staff and administration are amazing.  My son gets mad when summer is here - he doesn't want to miss school!   While the academics are very impressive (they are always an A and/or Excelling school) the community feel is what I love. Broadmor has a large garden that is managed by parents, kids and parents often stay and visit after school gets out, and they have a variety of partnerships with ASU.  Just a small glimpse into all the things they have going on at the school.  In addition, while a good portion of the kids come from the surrounding neighborhood, many commute in from all over the Valley (Levine! East Mesa!).  Nearly 40% of the kids qualify for some form of assistance too.  It is even more impressive that the school boasts excellent test scores, fosters a small-town community AND helps many kids with economic and social challenges.   If you're in Tempe, there is no better choice.  If you're within driving distance from Tempe, get on the waiting list!  This school is magical.
5 Love this school!  We moved to the neighborhood 100% due to the school's reputation and we have not been disappointed, in fact, we've been pleasantly surprised beyond our high expectations. The teachers and administration are amazing!  The parents and neighborhood really supports the school and are highly involved with events, upkeep, the garden and PTA.  And the kids love it!  It's truly a community at Broadmor, and you see it in the results.  One of the highest ranked elementary schools in the state, with great diversity and flat out good people, what more could anyone want?
5 Broadmor is a true asset to north Tempe and the community at large. It is inclusive, diverse, welcoming, accepting and fun, while still maintaining academic integrity. While I don't remember everything about my own elementary school experience, I know it was nothing like that provided at Broadmor. From the on-site, student and volunteer run garden to the impressive library, from the fall festival and spring Hoodstock events to regular field days and even a visit from members of the Ironman Foundation, Broadmor continues to deliver a great experience to its students and serves as a place where enduring friendships are made. The teachers, administrators and staff are an amazing group of individuals who all really seem to care about each students and his/her success.
