4 So, now that I have a new apartment, I had to find a new dry cleaners.  I was looking for something close to home, that was reasonably priced, and had good hours.  Yay for Del Rey cleaners!  This place is located in the same shopping complex/parking lot as Ted's Hot Dogs.  The actual name on the outside of the business is "2.25 cleaners."  This location is independantly owned, and the owners appear to have 3 locations total, this being one of them.  I like this place for a variety of reasons.  First, they are open to 7PM every night.  Secondly, if you get your cleaning in before 9AM, you get same day service, and can pick up your clothes after 4PM!   The location is clean, neat, and smells great!  So far, I've always been waited on immediately, so not much of a wait or having to stand around.   Great locally owned cleaners with great prices.  I only gave them 4 stars instead of 5 becuase they are closed on Sundays.  :-(
5 My wife and I have used Del Rey for a variety of dry cleaning needs. Each time the job was done well and ready for pick up as stated on the bill.  I was hesitant to get my suit cleaned here. Would they do a good enough job? I went ahead and had my suit cleaned and they did a great job at a better price and cleaning then places that charge more. I was very pleased. My suit will be taken back here to be dry cleaned when appropriate.  All items are $2.25. Laundered dress shirts that are pressed are less. I think the cost is 1.50 per shirt.  The staff is always propmpt and ready to serve. The last time I came in, I walked in and approached the counter and the manager (I assume) talking with someone else off to the side, apologized for the wait and someone would be there momentarily. I was waiting for roughly 20 seconds before a young lady assisted me. This shows that Del Ray is committed to their customers and getting them in and out as quickly as possible.  There are also  coupons available as you walk out from other businesses in the area. A great way to try something out or save a few bucks. My personal favorite coupon is the buy 1 blizzard get 1 free from Dairy Queen.
5 This past weekend I took my pants in as usual to be cleaned.  Well, when I went to go pick them up, I came to find that they had lost my pants!  Not good.  The guy behind the counter searched high and low and could not find them.  I had just dropped them off that morning!  Where could they have gone?  Anyways, it was late on a Saturday and I told them I would call Monday to sort it out.  The dry cleaners actually called me first!  The manager Luis called and sorted everything out. He was extremely courteous and professional and handled my problem well.  They are covering the cost of replacement pants, and cutting me a check for $45 dollars for the cost of the pants!  Anyways, I am still upset that a pair of pants was lost, BUT the service, and efficiency of how my problem was handled was very professional.  Now, I am off to buy more pants!
4 Great cleaners.  You cannot beat the prices.  The girls behind the counter rule.  No complaints and I am there 4-8 times per month for more than a year now.
5 This place is good, fast and cheap. I brought a comforter in to be cleaned, and it came back soft, fluffy and smelling good. Colors looked unaffected, no damage.  The sign is a little small making it somewhat hard to find, and the parking lot sucks to get out of around 5:30pm. But you can always go to happy hour at Sake Bombers in the same parking lot until the traffic calms down.
4 Del Rey Cleaners is a diamond in the rough kind of find. The staff is very friendly, the cleaning is fine, (a budget dry cleaner, but they do a great job) and the price is incredible! The owner has helped me almost every time I've been there. I most appreciate that they don't take things that they aren't sure about and just sent me to a high-end dry cleaner down the street for a couple of dresses with specialty beading. I really appreciated their honesty and their help with finding another place. I couldn't be happier with the service at Del Rey.
5 This place is amazing! I took in a pair of pants with a nail polish stain on them. I thought the pants were ruined forever! But Del Rey took care of the stain, it was ready the next day, and it only cost $2.41. My jeans are saved! I had a very great experience with this company and will definitely be going back in the future.
4 Del Rey gives prompt service and my clothes always look good after their service.  The price keeps climbing inch by inch, but so does their cost for dry cleaning chemicals and disposal, so I get it.    Also, they offer lots of coupon offers so I can always save if I'm using a coupon.  Best deal so far...entire comforter dry cleaned for $20 with a coupon.  That's a great price and they did a great job.
3 A month ago I would have given Del Rey 5 stars.  However, I am not a fan of when businesses raise their prices without fair warning. I took my usual batch of shirts, suit jackets and skirts in on January 3rd. Same price, 2$ a garment.  Now, the coupon is for only 10% off your whole order or 10$ off 25 garments or more.  This doesn't save me any money and in fact, raises it from 2$ to $2.43. I know this may not seem much, but if you routinely have to get shirts dry cleaned for work, it adds up. My bill today should have been 22$ but it was $26 instead.   Quality is good and price is a bit lower than other places closer to me. I'll only keep coming here until the price evens out with other places. If this happens within a year, then I'll be forced to go closer to home as the cost of driving adds up.   They do have a nice in by 10 out by 4 service.   I like Del Rey, I just really wish they had given notice that they were raising the prices instead of just springing it on me less than two weeks after I went in.
4 This is the first time I've ever done dry cleaning on my own, and it was a great experience. I researched some other dry cleaners out here before i decided on Del Rey. I chose it because of their good coupon deals online and they had pretty good ratings on Google, too. Their service was prompt, friendly, and affordable. I don't know how much dry cleaning usually is, but I spent $10.75 for 7 pieces. Pretty good! It's my new dry-cleaning place in Tempe!
4 I found this dry cleaner about two years ago after a rather unpleasant experience at a Prestige dry cleaners in Scottsdale. I had a dress dry cleaned there and it cost almost $20! For 1 item!! Needless to say I wanted to find a place cheaper and closer to my house. So after doing some online research I picked this place, which at the time had $2.25 per item cleaning and only took cash or debit cards.   I have always been satisfied by the quality of the cleaning done to my clothes here. I have gotten some pretty gnarly stains on some of my silk work dresses and they have always been able to get them out. One of the hazards of eating lunch at your desk I guess. I only had one incident where there might have been some damage done to one of my dresses but I wasn't too upset about it since the quality of the beading done on the dress was crappy at best. So I don't entirely blame them for a bunch of my beads falling off.   The only complaint I probably have is that they miscounted my items one time and I almost walked out missing a dress. And this seems to happen on some kind of regular basis because I have been in there a time or two when some guy is missing some shirts or someones dress has disappeared. I hope that if they do lose garments, management at least has the decency to replace for the lost cost. The workers aren't the most friendly but they aren't total jerks either. Just sort of... there.   I recommend this cleaner based on quality and price. However, in the last year the have upped their prices a bit because they got a new credit card machine and now they charge for all sorts of taxes. Either way, its still reasonable. But they do have a text service where they offer discounts and promotions sometimes. I have not participated in that yet but I know its out there.
3 Generally I like this cleaner - low prices (great if you have to get a lot of stuff dry cleaned like me), automated recordkeeping system, fast turnaround, they take debit/credit cards, etc. The quality of the cleaning is good and service is usually decent.  Which makes me sad about the one exception: about 2 months ago, I brought in a brand new $200 dress with the tags still on it and they lost it. The dress had a detachable liner which was returned (and the reason it wasn't caught when my husband picked up the order, because the hanger count matched the tag total). However, the dress itself disappeared. They were able to track it being received on camera but have no idea where it went. Since then we have returned and called numerous times to get a resolution and each time we are told "we'll have the manager call you...just wait a couple more days....just wait a few weeks to see if someone returns the dress...we'll call you with a solution..." Twice we have provided printouts of the dress and receipts, but nothing has come of it. I'm disappointed it's taken so long for them to come up with a solution (which still isn't resolved to this day - we checked in with them a couple days ago, got another promise that we'd get a call from the owner today and there's been NO call). If it weren't for this, I would give them 5 stars. If they don't resolve it, I'm finding another cleaner.
4 4.5 stars, near perfect.  I recently started using Del Rey Cleaners when my roommate began his internships with two firms in town. (So many suits and dress shirts and slacks. Oh my!)   I am very satisfied with the quality of dry cleaning and the friendly customer service. In fact, one of the employees (Luis) always helps me find stains on the clothes before I hand them over to be cleaned. The employees always double count my order with me before I take it home, to ensure that no items are left behind.   I wish the laundered items were available for pick up on other days than Saturday. However, the hours on Saturday are 7-7, so if you forget (like I do so many times), you can still pick up your clothes before going to dinner. (Or else you wait until Monday at 7 am.)  Three things to mention to potential customers: 1) Always remember to bring your coupons.   2) If you have a Facebook or Twitter account, follow them. Del Rey promotes specials, like double coupons days, on these social networking sites.   3) Same day service if you bring your clothes in before 10 AM.
4 After about two months of waiting for an answer, I finally got through to the manager and he gave me a credit for the dress. It was the right thing for them to do and I appreciated that they finally took responsibility for it.
1 If you care about a well pressed collar (which, by the way, is the only part of the shirt that you CANNOT WRINKLE during normal wear) don't go to Del Rey Cleaners. I've had a perpetual problem with my collars. I've worked directly with Larry, the owner, in the past. I've hesitated to write a poor review due to his ethic, but that has since faltered, so here we are. I wear a shirt and tie 5 days a week, and the absolute must-have from my cleaner is a correctly folded and pressed collar. I am switching cleaners TODAY.
1 You really have to watch these guys like a hawk. I have now lost two belts to two different dresses with Del Rey. The first I didn't discover until several weeks after I took the dress out of the plastic. Usually when I drop the clothes off, I note the items with detachable belts and they attach them to a separate hanger, but this one was definitely missing. Unfortunately I didn't find it out until long after I had picked up the clothing, so the hassle of fighting with them to find it (and probably not finding it) wasn't worth it. Then about 3 weeks ago, my husband did check everything when picking up and noted another belt was missing. They kept the receipt and promised to look for it and call us, but we haven't gotten any call to date. I'm writing that belt off as well. Finally, I unwrapped yet another dress about two weeks ago and discovered a small red plastic medallion that was stuck on the sleeve. Somehow it must have gotten on the dress when they were cleaning it, so it was glued to the sleeve. When I tried to peel it off, it left red gunk on the material. I'm so irritated that I don't even want to deal with it. Just be very very careful when you pick up your clothes and check everything!
4 Del Rey is a great place to get your dry cleaning done: they're quick, they do a good job, and they're very affordable.  I don't particularly care for the fact that they don't take AMEX and that they require payment up front (you pay when you drop off - not when you pick up), but they're honest and upfront about that policy, and their speed, quality, and price make up for it.  They're not COMPLETELY full service (dry cleaning only - no leather, etc.), but they're good at what they do, and their friendly and affordable.  If you go through a lot of dry-clean only clothes, Del Rey is a godsend.  Cleaning bills add up, and the $2.50ish per item makes weekly trips to the cleaners feel less like a trip to the cleaners.  Even if you don't dry clean regularly, Del Rey is still worth using.
1 WORST DRY CLEANING SERVICE EVER! Not worth saving money by only paying $2.50 per item. I just picked up my dry cleaning (30 items) and 75% of my items are ruined! They did a sloppy job and now I will have to pay ten times the amount of money it cost to clean them, to replace them. I DO NOT recommend taking your dry cleaning here!
5 Been using this cleaners for the last month and I'm very happy with their services.  Friendly staff, quick turn around, quality service, and competitive prices. Doesn't get much better then that does it?  I'll definitely be back!
5 All around solid dry cleaning service.  I get my shirts laundered, pants dry cleaned and occasionally have them straighten out my ties. You pay $2.50 a garment up front with a quick turnaround. The staff is always pleasant and I've never had any problems.  Best of all, they're Yelp friendly - bring in 10 garments and get the 11th free with a check-in. Tough to beat that!
1 I've used yelp for a while now but never felt the need to write my own review until now. I fly out to Colorado tomorrow for a big interview so today I took my suit into Del Rey to get a few dirty areas cleaned up. I searched on here for a good place to go and figured this place was a sure thing. Good price and great reviews...  As they say "if it sounds too good to be true it probably is" This definitely proved to be true for this place. Great price, terrible service.  I took my suit in at 9 and picked it up at 4.. I will admit I should have checked it out before leaving but I had to get to school.  When I came home to get everything packed I noticed that NOTHING had been cleaned. I showed them all the problem areas yet nothing changed.   I wouldn't be surprised if after I left they out it directly on the "clean" rack and let it be.  I'm now sitting here cleaning my suit hoping I can make it presentable before the interview.  Bottom line, check your items before you leave to see if they've done any work on them.
3 As most customers have said, the prices here are and the service is speedy.  My clothes have always been ready on time.  The staff is very friendly, and most of their work is very high quality.  My only complaint is that for the past two times I've had my shirts done here, the buttons on the upper sleeves have come back to me either shattered, broken or completely missing.  Another shirt has come back to me with a frayed cuff.  I don't know if it is the methodology or just not enough care taken.  So while I appreciate the prompt, speedy service, decent prices and affordable prices.  I will not be using them again.
5 Best dry cleaner around, have been using them for 5+ years and always great service
5 Great service, quick turn around time, and CHEAP prices! This is the only place my boyfriend and I go to for our dry cleaning now.
1 Very low budget dry cleaner. I would only recommend this place if you don't care about your clothes, but if that was the case you'd probably be washing them yourself. Thus, do not go here!   One of my shirts came back with a gummy substance on the collar. Yuck.   And my sweaters came back with safety pins in the sleeve to hold the service tag. Not acceptable! Little holes like that lead to rips. Most dry cleaners put those tags through the recommended wash tag etc. to avoid ruining the garment.   I will definitely not be going back here.
3 Afraid they weren't able to get a tie cleaned, twice.   Said the aren't using cleaners that get out the tougher stains.  Oil on silk is a tough one, although not impossible,  I think.  Will try again and give new review.
5 Friendly, quick services coupled with great prices make this an ideal dry cleaning establishment. Check out their website for coupons (5 free garments for first time customers).
4 I'd previously given this place a bad review, but being that they are the only low cost cleaners around I tried them again. So far, my experiences have been good. My shirts and suites come out nice and I haven't had a gummy substance on my collar since my first visit.
1 Well...all good things come to an end.    After years of going to Del Rey, I have had to find a new cleaner.    I had 7 shirts come back with rips in nearly an identical spot over a 6 week period.  At first I thought this was due to wear.  The rips were in the area of my right elbow.  However, after about the 3 rip and closer inspection, they appeared to be slits.   I had three shirts come back with slits in elbow in early March over a two week period.   I realized we had a problem as these shirts were relatively  new and had been worn just a few times...including one that only had been worn just once.  I mentioned the issue to the rep at the front desk and he was clear...it wasn't anything that they did.  I started getting my cleaning done at a more expensive competitor and poof...no more rips.
5 Del Rey in Mesa and Gilbert are extremely helpful and do a great job. They are friendly and courteous. I am a costumer and bring in hundreds of garments at a time and they don't bat an eye. They just help me count them in! Garments are always well cleaned and pressed and nothing is ever damaged or lost. Highly recommend!
1 Worst place for dry cleaning and laundry.  Do not take your clothes here.  The machines and detergent they use are cheap, which leaves odors in your clothes.  Go elsewhere. I now go to Perma Cleaners. Way better in my opinion!
