1 What a horrible customer service organization, after waiting for 5 hours they call and tell me they aren't coming and ask me to take another day off work and wait for another 5 hour window.  I'd rather wash dishes by hand, I'd avoid them at all cost.
1 Awful customer customer.    We scheduled an appointment for today for quote on a new AC unit.  They called me 2 times to confirm the appointment.  Today I receive a call saying they're not coming.  If a customer is treated like this by sales when trying to buy a $6000 air conditioner, I can only imagine how bad it would have been with their service calls.
1 TOTAL RIP OFF... I've had my Kenmore washer now repaired twice due to the same problem -- which tells me not to buy Kenmore anymore but that's another story.  The part in question is a "lid switch", and based on feedback in the web, other people have had the same problem with this part breaking.  So it first broke in 2003 -- and my total repair bill (with parts) was $103 and some change.  Then it broke again in 2012, and the repair bill jumped to $200 and some change.  Okay, I know there is such a thing as inflation, but for prices to nearly double in nine years is a joke.  The part in question was about $16 in 2003 (supplied by Sears) but in 2012, they charge me about $58 for the same part -- it tripled?.  So I Google for the part (or a compatible part), and low and behold I find it for under $10 in year 2012!!!  It is even sold for about that price on Sear.com's web site.  Unbelievable.  So I called Sear to complain, and they said they'd have someone call me back.  They never returned the call.  I'm done with Sears because they violated my trust with them.
1 How in the world are they still in business with such horrible  employees, trainers, managers, & customer service in general? Buy your appliances anywhere else.
1 Don't bother calling the "local" Sears number if you are looking for lawnmower parts.  You get routed to a call center in Bangladesh, or New Delhi ..   Not sure ... who are nice enough - but provide useless information about what they have in their warehouse in Toronto.
