4 The only reason I tried / found this place was because I was looking for some take-out on Christmas Day.  Drove to a place down the street from me -- figured it would be open, but wasn't.  GPS...Points of Interest...Restaurants...Chinese -- and I ended up at Hong Kong Asian Diner.    And, am I glad I did.  Our order for 2 adults and 3 kids was:  - BBQ Spare Ribs (app) - Crab Puffs (app) - House Special Fried Rice - Sweet & Sour Pork - Fuji Steak - Shrimp & Lobster Sauce  The food was absolutely delicious and there were plenty of left overs (which reheated amazingly well, some was even good cold).  The Spare Ribs and Fuji Steak stood out as especially good, while the sweet & sour was average.  But overall, it was excellent and we were all very happy with it.  As of this writing I've been back once with the family, and I intend to go back many more times.  On the second trip, we had sweet & sour chicken and I'd say it was just as average as the pork was.  Other new dishes were:  - Seafood Fire Pot: this was quite good, but I doubt I'll order it again.  There was a generous portion of lobster, scallops, and shrimp (for $11, anyway), but it was a little too bland.  - House Lo Mein: this dish pretty much rocked.  The noodles weren't soggy, and it wasn't too greasy either.  This place has a fairly extensive menu.  And, the lunch combo prices look unbeatable.  For under $5, you get soup, egg roll, crab pubb, fried rice, and your entree.  The atmosphere is very casual, and the service reminds me of a good San Francisco Chinatown dive.  Not exactly a good date restaurant, but great for a date between the red bbq spare ribs and your stomach.  Definitely keep this place in mind for take-out.  I can't imagine anyone regretting giving this place a shot.
3 This place is in the Fry's Marketplace shopping center, on the northwest corner of Ray and Rural. Not horrible, but not really good, either, and I really wanted it to be good because I needed another Asian take-out place for when Thai Basil was closed (during their annoying after lunch / before dinner break, or on Sundays) or I didn't want to shell out the big bucks for Swaddee across the street.  So, their take-out process: they've never botched an order, but the food's never once been ready within the time frame given - I usually have to sit and wait and watch while somebody else comes in, orders, gets their food and leaves, when I freakin' called ahead.  And the food: I've sampled various veggie and seafood options, and they're all just ok. It's cheap Chinese. If that's what you and your wallet are in the mood for, it'll work.
5 As a Chinese guy here in Arizona it's pretty hard to find any decent Chinese food.  I mean, if PF Chang's is your idea of authentic, you need to get your head checked then come to HK Asian Diner. This fine establishment is one of the few places that one can get a pretty authentic Chinese meal.  Just look at the usual crowd that frequents the restaurant and you know it's the real deal.  I can't really pick any specific dishes out that I particularly enjoy, but pretty much anything off the "Chinese" menu is pretty solid.    In conclusion, get out of your comfort zone and try something new.  The only thing that should scare you about this place is the HK gangster waitress. She may come off as rude, but that's just how they do it back in the home country so don't fret. Go there and you'll see what I mean haha.
5 I would have never known about this Hong Kong Chinese restaurant unless the waitress at Saigon Pho ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/saigon-pho-chandler#hrid:K7dcALr_WARav3-SqLC4LA ) hadn't recommended it! Kudos to her! We discovered that the waitress had virtually the same taste in Chinese cooking as my sister and myself! She even liked Wong's  Place ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/wongs-place-tempe#hrid:r9k_c5ki5lhCkm9wOsj8Hg ) on Baseline in Tempe. Tonight we decided on her recommendation of Hong Kong Asian Diner.  Stuffed Meat To-Fu (*** 1/2 $5.95) The most subtle tasting entree that we had this evening. We probably should not have ordered it along with the Fish Ball entree, Salty Fish Fried Rice or Singapore Vermecelli. Our fault, not the restaurant's! The flavor was very subtle. You will see a slab of Tofu cut into eight thick squares... each Tofu square is topped with a piece of Shrimp and liberally sprinkled with small Peanut chunks. Chinese Broccoli flanked the sides of the Tofu, which was immersed in a White Gravy. Nice looking presentation.  Sizzling Black Bean Sauce Fish Balls (***** $7.95) There is some problem in translation with this entree. The "Fish Balls" are actually Filet of Fish... not the Fish Balls you'd associate with Pho! The problem is the absolute direct translation from the Chinese lettering on the menu. The Filets are sauteed in a Black Bean Brown Gravy along with Green and Red Peppers and big chunks of Onions. We enjoyed this a lot!  Salty Fish / Chicken Fried Rice (***** $7.95) Unlike other traditional Cantonese restaurants, the Chicken is fried golden brown (before being added to the Fried Rice), along with bigger chunks of Salty Fish to create this Fried RIce! This was one of the dishes unanimously voted best of the evening! Proviso - I hesitate in recommending this Fried Rice to non-Asians, as Salty Fish is an acquired taste.  Singapore Vermecelli (***** $7.95) Hong Kong Asian Diner's innovation in this staple Egg Noodle dish is the addition of a lot of Ground Black Pepper, sprinkled profusely on top of the prepared Noodles! It seems like, even though I order this all the time, this was the first time my sister and my friend ever had Singapore Vermecelli. Singapore Vermecelli is a Egg Noodle dish fried with Barbeque Pork and Shrimp and bits of Chicken, also with Green Pepper, Eggs, and Onions, spiced with Curry. Because of the use of Curry, Singapore Vermecelli has been confused as a tropical item from the island of Singapore... when in actuality it's strictly of Chinese origin. Delicious!  Pot of Hot Tea Sliced Valencia Oranges afterwards.  Nice presentation of each entree, especially the Salty Fish Fried Rice and Singapore Vermecelli. You might have a problem with communication... as there is a definite lack of knowledge of English in this restaurant... from the translation in the menus to the wait-staff.  There are many Lunch Specials under $6... but you will be disappointed if you don't order off the strictly Chinese Menu even with the bad English translation! Attempts at being a little bit more upscale than your typical Chinese restaurant. Demographics at 9pm: 40% of capacity, 90% Oriental customers.  A definite 5-star Chinese restaurant in the Valley! Not just a Cantonese restaurant... but a Hong Kong Cantonese restaurant. Perform some research on the Internet before coming through the door.
5 I've only been here once-but have been meaning to go back. It is very nice and clean inside and the family that owns it are nice enough. They are as authentic as you can get. I don't like a lot of Chinese restaurants in Arizona but this one's a keeper. The food is delicious, especially the way they make my favorite green beans. I am very picky about this and this place makes it just right.
2 the food is fine. my cantonese friends claim it's quite authentic actually, but the service sucks. hostesses and waitresses both quite rude and i'd rather take my money elsewhere.
4 Having done some research on Yelp before traveling to Phoenix for a long weekend, we were looking for a good Chinese restaurant near the airport. I was lured to this place by Mark D.'s review because he said it was in a Fry's marketplace and I was thinking he meant the electronics store (there aren't any Fry's grocery stores in NM)!! Despite the letdown of not being able to shop for electronics right after lunch, I am still a fan of this place.   We got there at the odd hour of 2:30pm but still got served with good food. I had requested crispy (both sides fried) noodles with chicken and vegetables (only the vegetarian version is listed on the menu) which was delicious. The chicken with salted fish fried rice and beef, onion and pepper rice noodles with black bean sauce was also very good. The only dish that I would not recommend is the sauteed choy sum which was par-boiled too long and a bit too soft for my liking.
4 Stopped in here with Mike C. today to give this mid-sized buffet a try.  It sits in a modern strip mall, & is reasonably nice inside, but the food selection is small for a Chinese buffet.  There were only 20 main food choices out, including a bit of salad.  There were some tasty treats though, including:  * The just-right Hot & Sour Soup with little pieces of mystery meat in it, & also shrimp!     (The Egg Flower Soup was good too.)  *  The Spring Rolls...  well prepared & not greasy at all.  *  The Pork Fried Rice...  fluffy, flavorful, & not greasy.  All the rest of the food here was delicious too, actually.  Now as mentioned in more than one other review, the staff members here suffer from a touch of awfulness, but with the food as good as it is & the low price, I think it earns a good solid 4-Stars anyway.  Yum!  Lunch Buffet $5.75
4 went here for lunch with Rand H. and it was pretty good with about 40 or so items it was like one of the typical Indian buffets in size. The soups egg drop and hot and sour were both really good,I had a bowl of each.The main dishes were all done to perfection , five stars for most of them.Well maybe all of them. They were a little weak on the dessert items though. They had jello ,sliced peaches and those little white balls i think there called lychee. Anyway it was a great lunch at a good price $5.75 the service kind of sucks or they could have made 5 stars but because the food was so good i give them 4.
5 They serve cantonese style Chinese food. I'd say you really have to know how to order to really enjoy good Chinese food because there are so many dishes you can choose from. I think they have a buffet here, but I wouldn't try it if I were you. Good food doesn't come in all-you-can-eat. Pay a little extra and really enjoy your food. Quality over quantity.  The service here is not so great but the food makes up for it.
1 Well I have to agree with previous reviewers about the rather rude waitresses, but that has never really stopped me from trying out and liking establishments. Food taste and authenticity is more of my "thing". I had tried this place earlier as a coworker swears by this place ( Midwest American). I have really never been impressed or dissuaded enough to yelp about it. In all honesty I think that I should have tried their a-la carte menus which had a bunch of authentic (ask for the cantonese menu) dishes. However I decided to go for the buffet.   Simply horrible is all that comes to mind. All of the dishes had that "left out for several hours" taste and texture. Both their soups were just horrible. All the items (of which only half of them were replenished) were americanized hurriedly prepared soaking in oil, dishes with chewy meat.The fried rice was rather decent; the only redeeming factor.   I pity my coworker who eats this waste of comestibles, almost every day.
1 A prison gives better service than this place and possibly food too.   i needed to get my stomach pumped after eating here. And you would too if you eat here, your stomach will hurt like hell!!! the soup was a disgusting glop. the rice was not fresh, the noodles were ehj...ive had better Chinese at a jack in the box. and after the horrible waitress and customer service. I DID NOT PROVIDE A TIP as i see a tip as a reflection of service and this place, lacked it all completely. well the cashier threw me the receipt, because of this, no words were exchanged, she was just pissed i did not give a tip. if i wasn't such a calm person, i would have reached over that counter and slapped her. however, this is all they get from me. a bad review and i will never think of this place again.  trust me JACK IN THE BOX has better Chinese.
4 We went for their lunch buffet, which has a limited amount of food but it's all the best of the buffet choices and the price is unbeatable.  I loved their fried rice and chow mein, could not get enough of their orange chicken, chicken wings and chicken skewers.  Everything I tried was really good.  Like others have said, the service kinda sucks, the waitress was kinda rude when we got in because a big crowd had entered right behind us but she did get nicer throughout the meal.  The desserts section of the buffet was definitely lacking as well.  If you are looking for extremely well priced lunch buffet of great Chinese staples, this is the place.
3 Service = negative one million stars.  Almost walked out until my much smarter friend reminded me fellow yelpers warned us about the gosh awful rudeness.  Food = not that many buffet options but everything they did have was very good.  Orange chicken, fried rice, egg rolls, some other chicken mixture were my favs.  And its cheap!    cheap + full belly = good lunch choice.  Maybe not good for a date night :)  I'd go again now that I know they are rude consistently and not just to a select few.
4 As someone who is Chinese and eats out a lot, I feel I need to defend this place. Sure service is not the best here and the American-Chinese food leaves a little to be desired, this place does authentic Cantonese the best in the valley.   A few things to try (don't know the official name but description should help waitress) out are the lamb hot bowl, stuffed duck, their mellon soup (actually cooked in a mellon and very tasty), and the fried breaded fish. Very authentic and very good. If you can live with the service and experiment with the food the experience is very rewarding. Just look at the customer base. You know they are doing something right when the restaurant is 90% full of Chinese people and the consensus among local Chinese is this place rivals the best Chinese food found in NYC, LA, SF, etc.
4 This is actually a pretty authentic place; the service is pretty rude, the American inspired Chinese dishes don't taste that great, but the real Chinese dishes are pretty damn great.  If you're looking to bring a date, unless you are going for real casual, don't bother.  But if you're looking for a relatively low priced place where you can find a few dishes that rival San Francisco China Town's holes in the wall, turn a blind eye on the imported service and take your chopsticks and randomly choose something on the menu.  Well, that's what I did atleast.  I come here if I'm going to be in Phoenix for a couple of days, and always find myself full and with some leftovers for tomorrow. As for what to choose, well if you're someone with a sense of adventure ask the service what's their favorite, you might be disgusted and blown away all within the same hour.
4 After reading the 1 star reviews, I was reminded of the last time I ate here (2yrs ago).  The place was rediculously crowded, the wait staff was running around like it was their 1st time working at a restaurant, they had what looked like 5th-9th grade girls (owners daughters?) serving drinks and seating people.  ".....hey, let's open up a restaurant, how hard can it be?  it's not rocket science...."  There were several 10-seat tables with lazy-susan's (sorry if your name is susan) that were reserved while throngs of customers waitied for the 4-person booths and smaller tables to open up.  Meanwhile, there were 3-4 tables waiting to be cleared as the waitresses looked like they were swamped.  Bringing out 1 order what looked like every 10mins.  we reluctantly conceded to taking a booth and 2 small tables for our family of 15 all the while eyeing the 10-seat banquet style tables with hand written scraps of paper shouting "reserved"  it took forever for them to come and take our order.  the waitress was making us nervous with her fast talking and sense of urgency to get back to serving food to the other tables.  so to make it easy, we just ordered double-portions of about 10 different dishes and we never saw her again until our 1st entree came out.  the whole dinner took in excess of 2 hrs   i remember saying that there are plenty of other places to eat with the same quantity, quality and price and much closer to east chandler where we live.  fast forward to august 27th, 2010....I entered this place again with fear and trepidation.  so i thought of a new strategy, have my wife who speaks fluent cantonese call in a reservation for 10 and we'll get the royal treatment.  as i listened to the jiberish dialogue, and my wife promptly hangs up the phone, i asked, "she didn't even ask for a reservation name or phone number?"  wife:  NO  greaaaat.  it was not an official reservation i shouted!  we'll get there, and the there will be no 10-seat banquet style lazy-susan equipped table available and the hostess will look at us and say, "what name was it under?"  so for the next 5 mile drive, i was thinking about what i was going to say when i arrived to our destination.  "....hi, were chinese and have a reservation for 10....."  "...reservation for 10, for the mayor of chandler.."  so when i swung open the door, the waitress/hostess greeted me with a "how many?" gesture (don't ask me what that's supposed to look like) and i held up both my hands with 8 fingers and 2 thumbs outstretched.  much to my surprise, she smiled and pointed to the 10-seat-lazy-susan.  for those of you who had a "bad service" experience, i have to let you in on a little secret:   this is going to sound racist, but if you don't speak the lingo, they're not gonna carry on a "hi, how are you, and how's your family" conversation.  I don't speak a lick of chinese and if i were to eat here alone, they'd snuff me.  since my dutiful wife is fluent, gregarious and has a lovely demeanor, they love her and chat her up.  they make recommendations, ask her how old her daughter is, how cute it is that she can speak cantonese too.  and i'm sure they're asking why doesn't your chinese-looking husband speak chinese?  is he one of those "slow" ones?  i having been raised for 3 generations in AZ, used to think, "these people really look down upon me for my ignorance"  but i've come to realize that perhaps they just feel more comfortable speaking to someone in their native language as opposed to the semi-complicated english(?)  in my 47 years of eating at 100's of different chinese restaurants, i can only count on 1 hand the few that have had great "western style" service. (think PFChang, pei-wei, panda express, noodle ranch).  does that make me stop eating at chinese restaurants?  if that were the case, then i would have to avoid eating at the top 10 chinese restaurants (as far as the food, price and quantity goes) in phoenix.  3 out of 4 i can live with.  good food, good quantity, bad prices, bad service.....i will go but only if someone insists on going  good food, bad quantity, bad prices, bad service (see wong's place)....if family members drag me there and are paying  bad food, good quantity, good prices, good service.....no way jose  you get the picture.  turns out there are as good places that are  1) closer in proximity 2) as good quality 3) same prices 4) same service (with wife or mom in tow)  so it's not a must have place to run to  if you live in chandler and awhatukee, you have my 4 stars
1 We walked in around 5 (there were three adults and two kids (4 and 2). There wasn't a single other person in the restaurant. The lady came out and didn't even crack a smile, and in fact, was almost bothered that we were there at all. We tried to "kill her with kindness", but she wasn't having it at all. The refused to give my two year old a place setting because "he didn't need it". We were feeling really uncomfortable and almost begging for a reason to leave, but we felt bad. We hoped the food would be better than the service so far. The server went into the back, yelled at someone back there, and then came back out. She came over to take our order about ten minutes later (we were still the only people in the place). I asked if there was any MSG in the food because I am VERY allergic to it. First she said no, and then changed her answer to, "well, maybe a little". I looked at her puzzled (and annoyed that she easily could have sent me to the hospital). I asked if it was in everything and her response was "not everything, well, yes, everything". Again. Are you serious?! Then, seeming annoyed with us, she sat down at a table near by (like standing for two minutes was just too much) and huffed under her breath. Needless to say, I threw two dollars down on the table to cover my diet coke and we left. I've never done a food review before, but I had to post about this. It was absolutely horrible. I've never felt so uncomfortable in a restaurant EVER. And, the fact that she was not going to be honest about the MSG, really irked me too. Please don't even bother going to this restaurant. We moved in down the street last year and have always been curious about it since we shop at the Frys next door. We obviously won't be back!
5 Buffet is super cheap.  You have to know what to order to really fall in love with the food.    We started coming here about 5 years ago, we LOVE this place.  My kids are so excited when I come home with take out and my 4 year old knows no other chinese place except hong kong!  We don't speak the language but they remember their customers and we always get a smile!    Sometimes when my husband and I go, the waitress says "hey, where are your boys?"  Order the "sesame chicken" and the "mongolian beef" (extra spicy), shrimp fried rice and crab wontons.  Haven't had it better anywhere else!
1 Still quite poor both in service and food. maybe I made a mistake and ordered Sichuan Gong Bao ji ding for what seemed like people from canton district. Unfortunately to get the good service U have to speak Mandarin/Cantonese. I do speak a smattering but try not to use it as I never feel confident about the intonation.   The dish came out with zichini and bell peppers (what!??)  Where is the peanuts the dried fried red peppers and the large pieces of scallion. On pointing this out all I got was " Oh you like peanuts.. ok I will put some on" and she then proceeded to get some peanuts and sprinkle it on the chicken.  Well at that point I was happy that atleast the chicken pieces were present else she would probably end up sprinkling raw chicken pieces on it like the raw peanuts she dumped on top of the food.   Well then  I spoke a few chinese words and the scowl turned into a smile and she then became a bit more friendlier.   Unfortunately I do not condone this type of behavior. It is all in poor taste...
5 Was referred here by the owner's of 1st Class Reflexology for a late lunch. I ordered the salt and pepper squid, pea shoots stir fried in garlic, and the HK style beef and gai lan chow mein. Everything was excellent and piping hot! The owner, Choi and her son were very pleasant and friendly and I will definitely be back!  They do not have any live seafood, but they told me that if I call ahead, they can make fresh lobster and crab for me. I would highly recommend this place for some good Cantonese cooking! It is not fancy, but the food quality was very good and the prices reasonable. I wish I lived closer as this would be somewhere where I would definitely order take out all the time!
5 I ate dinner here with some Chinese friends.  It definitely helped that they spoke the language.  The food was terrific - we shared, beef w/fungus, fish in a delicious ginger sauce, BBQ pork, duck and the soup of the day.    It was a Saturday night, and the place was packed, but we received excellent service.  My friend simply put her arm up in the air, and a server appeared right away.    They gave us an opportunity to cancel our duck order, as it would take about 30 minutes to prepapre.  It was well worth the wait.    It will be interesting to go back, without my Chinese friends, and see if I can get good service myself.
4 Nice little family place. Some of the dishes I had didn't taste quite right. Overall, pretty authentic though.
5 = = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =  After having taken over two years to get back around to this mid-sized restaurant which offers a weekday Lunch Buffet from 11:30 to 2, Mike C. & I finally dropped back in today.  It's a somewhat stylish place in a Fry's Food shopping center, & offers a comfortable atmosphere with both booths and tables available.  The serving selection is still dinky for a Chinese Buffet, only 20 main items, but just wait 'til you taste how good the food is here!  I started with a bowl of their absolutely tops Hot & Sour Soup, which came with pork morsels in it & REAL Chinese soup spoons to eat it with!  After that, it was on to just one more great dish after another.  Rather than try to impress with a zillion different offerings, they just serve up these few, & make every one of them really right!  By the time it was over, I was just as full as leaving a Buffet with 150 selections, & saying that yes, factoring for the tiny price of $5.75 this wonderful place really is "AS GOOD AS IT GETS"!     :-))  PS:  The name of this restaurant is "Hong Kong", in case Yelp hasn't corrected the header by the time you read this.
1 Walked in, took one look at the "so called buffet", sat down in a seat torn, sticky tabled booth, looked at each other and got up and walked out.....enough said
1 How does this place stay open? I haven't eaten here for around 8 or so years but when I pass by I have flashbacks of our visit. We sat by the fish tank that had 2 1/2 fish swimming around...I say 1/2 because one of the fish was trying to stay up right and alive! We were so engrossed by the dying fish (not a goldfish) that they finally came over and threw a table cloth over the tank. The food sucked! I was always told,"you know it's good Chinese food if there are a lot of Asians eating in the place." Not true...not true at all!
5 Pretty close to authentic Chinese cantonese style food. My dad, born and raised in Hong Kong likes this place quite a bit. Salt and Pepper pork chops and Honey Walnut Shrimp are a must try.
