1 I am posting the following from my wife:  Over the past 5 years I have been a patient of Dr Garza and had referred many friends and we were all very happy at first.  I am not sure what happened in the last couple of years but at the very least we have all been very disappointed.  Dr Garza removed sealants which promptly became cavities, mis-billed causing patients to be over charged and at one point did a root canal leaving shards of tooth behind. He said he knew it was there on the x-ray then saying it would not be a problem.    I then went on vacation and ended up with an abscess so bad that I had to have emergency oral surgery with no anesthetic because there was too much swelling.  These emergency services had to be paid in cash because we were out of network and had to see an emergency dentist.  8 out of the 10 days of our vacation were ruined because Dr Garza chose to take a chance things would be ok instead of doing the right thing and removing the shard.  A few months later I receive a bill for that extraction as it was not covered because he had worked on it before.  I called and spoke to the new billing person and was told not to worry about it and so I didn't.  Now we find out it was sent to collections !!    Absolutely the worst patient care I have ever had.  Not one of the six families I had referred still sees him.  On every dental insurance website he has been flagged with some unusual code. He routinely charges extra for services that would be covered by in network dentists. There was always some "special" case for billing extra and the excuses just got way to tiring.   Dr. Garza is not a place I would suggest anyone to go.
5 My dental experience with Dr.Garza and this practice was first class!! Everything from the appointment reminder, to the facilities, to the staff, to Dr Garza...made this one of the most relaxing/positive dental experience of my life. Dr Garza spent time with me, walking me through his concerns and how we may address them over time .I would highly recommend this practice to anyone and everyone.  I've always had good experiences here -- both with my dental work and with the staff, who are all friendly and very professional. I highly recommend Smiles by Garza. Excellent service and attitudes, drive 40 mins even when there are different clinics closer.
5 I went to see Dr. Garza for a simple checkup. It turns out he was able to spot problems under some old silver fillings and was able to clear out the decay and replace with new white fillings. I don't know how all my other exams and the dentists reviewing my X-rays could have missed it!  Dr. Garza spotted the damage and took care of it right away without the need for another appointment.  Dr. Garza is true professional who cares enough about his clients to give the best care possible. I am definitely recommending him to all my friends and family.
