5 I just took my dog, Reggie, in to see Dr. Shear because my Dad mentioned to me that he thought Reg had some type of growth.    First things first, they got me in for a same-day appointment.  So nice.    The lady at the front was so sweet and welcoming to my hyper dog.  The vet tech was super helpful and also very kind!  Dr. Shear is awesome-  I had taken Reggie to a few other vets before finding him.  He is so laid back and he isn't too quick to suggest a million different treatments for Reggie.    I would HIGHLY recommend Countryside Animal Hospital and Dr. Shear to anyone looking for a new vet!
5 We went here after my dog was bit my another one of our dogs and we were hoping to not have to go to an emergency vet...having not been established with a vet yet in the area of our new house, we called around....and Countryside was able to get us in right away after hearing about our urgent situation. Everyone from the receptionist to the vet tech to the vet (Dr Dunning) was so friendly and kind. It was a refreshing experience. Our dog needed sutures and had to be put under a short acting anesthesia.  Everyone here was exceptionally nice and genuinely concerned about our dog. They didn't rush us and spent time bonding with our pet too. It was really a surprisingly good experience, having been to many other vets in the past. I would highly recommend them.
5 Everyone who works in this office is a true professional.  I always have a pleasant experience coming here.  My cats really don't like going to the vet (now that's an understatement) but they make it as painless as possible for all of us.  The lobby is a very calm environment and they take great care to make sure that animals are kept separate which I appreciate since my cats really freak around dogs.  The exam rooms are always clean and sanitary and very private.  One of my cats had to have surgery last year.  It was very expensive and came at a bad time but it was necessary.  I was very stressed about it but Dr. Shear did an excellent job and was very supportive throughout the whole process.  He even took the time to call me at work immediately after the surgery to let me know that everything had gone ok.  I highly recommend this place for the medical care of any type of animal you may choose to share your home with.  For you canine lovers out there, they also have a grooming facility onsite which looks very nice.
5 We've been receiving veterinary treatment for our three cats from Dr. Farrar at Countryside since moving to Tempe three years ago.  We have never known a more professional, outstanding vet.  She is very thorough in all her examinations, clearly explains all findings and treatment options, and patiently answers any questions we have.  She has been particularly attentive in caring for our very elderly cat Patches.  Sadly, it recently became time to have Patches euthanized.  The consideration and compassion that Dr. Farrar showed in guiding us through this difficult time is something we will never forget.
5 My little pup is a rescue girl, so she's a little nervous.  Countryside was professional and every person there seemed to love their job.  How many times have we visited places where the person seems to loathe life and their job?  From the initial phonecall--a pleasant and excited woman--to the warm front desk reception to the kind veterinary assistant to the concerned vet--everyone was marvelous.  Another reviewer mentioned that they took the time to bond with the pets, and that was also our experience.  How refreshing not to be rushed or have our pet's concerns be overlooked.  The rooms were private and clean, so my little Stella wasn't scared to be there.  While she didn't like having her temperature rectally taken (who really does, right?), she was much more relaxed than she might have been with lesser people.  The diagnosis was kennel cough.  They gave us antibiotics with explicit instructions and even introduced us to an organic variety of pill-hider that Miss Stella went wild over.  We also found during our visit that Countryside offers grooming services.  The groomer introduced herself to us and had a lovely manner with our dog.  Lastly, they sent us home with a mug of treats and a stuffed toy that our dog absolutely loves.  WOW.  And it's a mere few blocks from where we live.  Consider us lucky.
5 the entire team is extremely friendly& great with the animals! they didnt try to over sell/charge like many vets have in the past....:)
5 Dr. Shear and his staff were professional, courteous and thorough.  Excellent handling during the examination and treatment of our pug and French bull dog had a calming effect on both the dogs and owner!
5 Have had nothing but friendly and professional care at Countryside. you can definitely tell the staff are all animal lovers.  Had to put down my 15 yo black lab and the compassionate people here made it a peaceful experience, much better than I expected.  I've since taken my Labradoodle there and even though he's a bit of a nervous nellie, they are able to do all examinations thoroughly and with care.
5 We switched to Countryside Clinic after taking our two dachshunds to another veterinary office where they tried to push for expensive tests and treatments and made owners feel guilty if they declined.  We have felt both our dogs have gotten excellent care from Dr. Dunning.  On our most recent visit one dog had to have anal glands expressed.  The technician, Megan, did this procedure. (Glad I didn't have to do it.)  No need for an office call expense with the Doctor.  That day the staff was short handed and so a had a small wait, maybe 15 minutes but the receptionist was very  kinds and offered us bottled water or coffee while we waited.  Both she and Dr. Dunning apologized for the wait.  The office is pleasant and clean and the staff is welcoming!
5 We took our dog to be groomed at Countryside. They were wonderful. Our dog does not like to be groomed at all and the staff was so friendly here. They listened to my concerns and found a way to groom him while being kind and gentle. We will be switching over to their veterinarian care as well. Thank you for your great service and attention!
4 We took our cockapoo here for grooming, and she seemed to have a great time! The staff was wonderful and everything went well. We will be back for sure.
5 Countryside Animal Hospital has treated our family for several years now and we would never go anywhere else! The staff is amazing! Always on time and friendly! The Dr.'s are very kind and take time out to answer all of our questions and concerns. We love taking our family here!
5 We came to Countryside after being dissatisfied with a Veterinary office nearer our home.  We really love Dr. Dunning.  He takes his time and answers all our questions and listens to our concerns. The staff is very welcoming and friendly.  I only wish "people doctor's offices"  were this welcoming and nice!!  Keep up the good work.
5 We have been going to Countryside for years. We have seen Dr. Dunning since he started and he is amazing. He listens, he cares, and respects how we feel about the care of our 'family'. I know when we have to go especially for something that is potentially life threatening, he will provide the care that he would for one of his own. I highly recommend Countryside!
5 I've been struck by the professionalism and caring manner of the staff. I came to this facility via a friend's recommendation and can now see why she had only high praise to share. Front staff has been very helpful. My dog is thriving.  We also had a great time at the Open House we attended there on 11/16/13.  Came home with a gift bag full of goodies.
5 I can't imagine taking my pets to any other vet. Countryside has been treating our family of small dogs and cats for several years. We've seen every doctor in the practice, and probably most of the vet techs and other support staff. Everyone is always sensitive to each pet's personality, and handles even the most awful of circumstances with professionalism and grace.   They treat all their patients with so much love and compassion. It's very obvious that the entire staff are animal lovers. They're so warm and friendly, one of our cats actually seems to enjoy his vet visits!  We've visited other vets in the East Valley. None of them remotely compare with Countryside. We're clients for life.
5 I have been going to Countryside for 9 years.   I love everything about them!  Friendly staff, excellent Vets.  Real people doing a great job.  I always feel that my pets and I are treated like family.  I wouldn't go anywhere else!!
5 HIGHLY RECOMMEND! The technician and doctors were very attentive to my needs and concerns as an owner. They also treated my dog based off of her personality. For example, the last vet she went to was very upset with me because my dog behaved badly during a nail trim so I warned the vet tech at countryside that she might be bad... to my surprise the tech brought her back to me after the nail trim and said "She let out one yelp and was fine, she does better with less handling so I just trimmed her nails and let her do her own thing." I can't explain to you the joy that I had hearing that. It's not a "one size fits all" clinic.
5 We just moved here from out of state and, based on the Yelp reviews I read, we took our dog, Koda to visit Dr. Dunning @ Countryside Animal Hospital.  What a great place!! The staff, techs and Vet were beyond awesome!!!  Very professional but genuinely friendly and helpful with all my questions!  Koda enjoyed meeting everyone and I look forward to an ongoing relationship with Countryside!
5 We love this place and so do our dogs. They know our pups and love on them. Their prices are reasonable and their puppy plan helped us afford the first year for Ivan, my son's puppy.   We had our 14 year old lab put down here about a year ago and they were so kind and understanding and let my son be alone with Moe when he passed.   They love animals and it shows we will keep going here as long as they are in business.
