4 Also known as Wallace and/or Gilbert Town Center Cinema, this theater is often much less crowded than surrounding options --even on opening weekends. Clean and cool. The service is typical of minimum wage workers and the ambiance uninspired. Still, it's refreshing not to have to park miles away or fight hordes of pre-teens just to see a Saturday night flick.
5 This is one of my favorite theaters.  With that said, I suggest you prepare yourself for having to wade through an onslaught of pre-teen cliques if you plan on making your way to the ticket counter on a Friday or Saturday evening.  If you're like me, safety is a concern.  Not to worry here.  I've always seen an officer on premises during the main drop-the-kids-off / pick-the-kids-up window.  This location still has a new feeling to it, and it is clean and cool.  Nice cushy seats with cup holders, and I have yet to hear the soles of my shoes stick to the floor as I walk down an aisle.  My favorite seats are the ones with the railing in front.  A place to perch my feet.  -Swoop
3 Great place to catch a movie if you don't like crowds. The theaters themselves are fairly small, and because the facility is much smaller than Harkins it can only run popular movies for a few weeks before replacing them with the new stuff. The seats are "old style" and don't recline (how spoiled have we become!) and the popcorn is terrible. BUT it's really close to my house, the parking is easy (tip: go around to the back of the theater) and the price is actually decent. First showing of the day (every day, every movie) is only $5 per person. You can buy tickets online at Fandango too (even for the $5 show).
4 It is lovely little theater that offers a great movie experience. Never a crowd, theater is clean and the snacks are what you would expect - popcorn, candy and soda. Stop by Wine Expression before or after and have a great afternoon
5 I really like this theater because it is a little out of the way and apparently unheard of, judging by the lack of patrons.  They have the latest movies, stadium seating, and none of the lines.  The theaters are smaller than those at bigger chain theaters, but since there are less people in attendance, this has never proven to be a problem.  I go most often on weeknights or for weekend matinees and on a couple of occasions have enjoyed the theater to myself and my party - can't beat a "private" showing!
2 I recommend you try a different theater: perhaps the nearby Santan village theater? While waiting for the movie to start my husband and I could clearly hear the movie next door. At first we wondered if that would interfere with our movie, but we needn't have worried. It was SO LOUD it was painful and I literally put in my earplugs (I always carry some as I'm a musician) and heard everything with perfect clarity. The earplugs stayed in the whole movie. It was ridiculous. Also, the bathrooms were disgusting. It looked like nobody had ever cleaned the toilet bowls and half the fixtures were broken. I can see why there were only 3 other patrons in the theater and hardly any more in the rest of the complex. The theater itself was clean and the staff was ok (the popcorn sucked), so this gets 2 stars.
4 This place is a little hard to find, it's way in the back of the Gilbert Towne Center.  I ended up here because I had a fandango gift card and only a couple movie theaters in the area allow online purchasing with it.  That gives them the fourth star ;)  I was early for my movie and you could clearly hear the movie playing in the theater right next to it, I was concerned it would be distracting once my movie started, but it was a non issue.  The seats are as comfy, come with cupholders and from the inside looks like every other theater I've been to recently.  The only drawback here is the last movie of the day is around 7pm.  At least that's true on the current schedule.    I came here for a matinee and it was almost empty - I'll follow the other reviewers notes and not come on a Fri/Sat night.
4 I've been going here since I moved to Gilbert about 5 years ago and I've always been happy with the service. I just hope it doesn't close down because it is empty there pretty often. This is a good theatre I recommend for those looking to go see a movie at a place that may not be crowded like AMC or Harkins,.
4 Pretty solid theater.  A little hard to find though because its all the way in the back of the plaza.  Its one of only 2 theaters in the area that accepts Fandango so we had to come here pretty much.  Saw The Lincoln Lawyer.  Good flick.  Seats were comfy, staff was friendly, concession prices were fair.  The clincher though was the popcorn.  It was delicious.  I got a small and it was only $5.25.  I made it through the whole thing without one bad piece.  Not one kernel in sight!  Thats like finding a 4 leaf clover haha!  I was very impressed!
3 The BF went here to see Bad Teacher last night as we had gotten a living social deal for fandango and wanted to try a new theater. This place was not very busy for a friday night, which was fine with me. It was a bit strange because the lights were completely on in the theatre when we went in.... you could really see how messed up the curtains on the walls were and how the theatre really looked (normally the lights are dim so you can't see these things). Despite this, when the lights went down, it looked the same as anywhere else. One really awesome thing about this place is if you go to their website, you can sign up for this theatre's movie club and get a free medium popcorn (which is giant!). I would go back here if I got another free popcorn... otherwise there's nothing super special about this place.
4 We like this place. From now on we will keep going to this moviehouse since it has a nice parking space for disabled. Lots of shade and pushing someone in a wheelchair is much easier. Shades, Shades all over the place and we loved it,
3 I generally like this theater because it seems to NEVER be croded and is very easy to get in and out of.... However, any business that charges $17 for 2 bottles of water and a single box of candy will never get more than 3 stars from me unless the service that goes with that cost is exemplary, which in this case it is not.  A fine place to see a movie, but bring your own munchies.
2 It's a tradition in my family that the birthday person gets to pick a movie and we all go see it. Not wanting to deal with the holiday crowds, I foolishly said "Let's go to the theater in Gilbert! It was always really nice, and busy but not nearly as hectic."  And it was. Was being the operative word. Hectic? It's a ghost town. And it's not hard to see why. The seats are torn and filthy, I literally got stuck to the floor, the popcorn was stale and inedible, and the whole place now has the pallor of a business circling the drain.  During our delightful visit to this "premium theater experience" in a "clean, convenient and modern theater" (that's Hollywood Theaters' promise, anyway), I could barely suppress my urge to leave and my brother couldn't suppress the urge to give me crap about it. Speakers were blown, the picture was lousy, I felt like I needed to bathe in bleach afterward... We should have just braved the Harkins at Chandler Fashion Center.  While I practically lived here for several years, ain't no way I'm going back after my last experience.
4 Hard to find, but worth it!   Lots of film choices, clean & cool.  Not crowded, but it should be. Lots of parking.  Go here . . . keep it open!
5 They were having technical problems, and instead of telling us we were out of luck, they did their best to fix the issue, we stayed for the movie, and they gave us 2 passes for each ticket we purchased for future movies, or they offered us a refund. I took the tickets as this is one of my favorite theaters! Never crowded, and prices are equivalent to others in the area. A hidden gem!
1 The free popcorn is such a lie. I signed up before hand and they said they needed the actual paper even though they had the bar scan code and numbers right in front if their eyes. They admitted it was misleading but just shrugged at me. Undermanaged too. Expect to wait. Bad taste in my mouth.
3 This place has nothing on Harkins but it's still a good option to watch a movie.  The concession stands are painfully slow.  Usually movies run for longer at this theater than they do at AMC or Harkins, which is nice.
4 Love this place. It's a secret theater tucked behind a shopping area. They just switched over to Regal Cinemas from Hollywood Theaters. I am there several times a month. If you go during the week, there is a high chance that you will have the theater to yourself or might share the movie with another couple. We have gone on opening weekends and there are still seats despite the movie is sold out at other nearby theaters. I bought the popcorn refill bucket for $15. It's got a picture of minnions on it and is good for the rest of the year. Every time I come, I get a bucket of popcorn for $3. It beats the $7 large popcorn price every time I see a movie. So the downside of a slow theater during the week: one staff member inside the theater who sells you the tickets and then hops behind the concession stand to sell you the snacks. Of course, the popcorn is not very hot since it's been sitting. But the puzzling thing is I have had their popcorn immediately after being popped and it's still not hot. Maybe to prevent a lawsuit against someone burning their tongue eating popcorn that is too hot.  Either way, I love this place!
4 I like being around people--I do. I have never been one to hole up in my own cubby and shut out the world, à la Ted Kaczynski. But this is my movie manifesto!  I tire of competing with every other member of the herd during opening weekend of a highly-anticipated movie. I have been traumatized after hastily choosing the obvious movie destinations of Tempe Marketplace or Chandler Fashion Center. I refuse to put up with the hassle of having to arrive at the theater 45 minutes beforehand to make sure to get a ticket and a seat. I am enfeebled after navigating crowded multiplexes, either avoiding  hyperactive teenyboppers or being trapped behind slow-moving troglodytes. I am crushed at the likelihood of being separated from my fellow moviegoers because we can't find three seats together. I refuse to sit in the remaining front rows, where you have to crane your neck and somehow retract your field of vision. Tired, tired, tired.. and I will not allow it to continue!  So that's why I've become a big fan of the Gilbert Stadium Cinema, or what appears to be listed now as Regal Gilbert Stadium 14 on showtimes sites. The place is never PACKED! In fact, it's downright spooky how unattended the movies here are. I guess ticket sales are so sparse, that they don't justify a separate warm body selling you tickets from the box office. Every time I have come here, the tickets are sold from the concession stand. Came here during opening weekend for The Man of Steel (I'm a huge Superman fan) and had the entire theater to ourselves! Actually, about six more people drifted in the closer it got to showtime, but there was never an issue finding seats together. This is one of the beauties of life in the PHX East Valley! It's so overbuilt in some places, based on projections of what-was-believed-to-be neverending exponential population growth, that there are pockets of commerce that can't possibly be justified by the current number of patrons. Yet these corporate places hold on, waiting for the impending future populations to catch up. Meanwhile, their lack of attendees is my Shopportunity!  So I recommend this theater if you want to circumvent the real world and save yourself the friggin' hassle of dealing with crowds. And that's something that even the Unabomber could get behind!
2 People: STOP TALKING DURING MOVIES! This theater wasn't that busy (there were only about 6 other people in the weekend matinee with us) but all six of them talked the ENTIRE TIME. I went to alert the employees and they came in the theater but nobody was asked to leave. I think talking must be a real problem here because it just seemed like the norm.   This place has been purchased by Regal Cinemas (yay!) so make sure you scan your Regal loyalty card for extra points. You can rack up free snacks and tickets quickly if you go to the movies as often as I do.   This is an OLD and outdated theater. It has "stadium seating," but it's with those super old, super uncomfortable seats that don't move. The screen was on the small side and the sound was adequate but this is far from your state of the art moviegoing experience.  They have Pepsi at the snack bar but since most Regals have Coke, I asked and they said they would be switching over to Coke at some point. The popcorn was just "meh," even though they had just popped it fresh. I did like that they had the self-serve butter flavored grease machine so you can load your popcorn with as much of that stuff as you wanted.
3 Understaffed on a Friday night. Not very busy but we spent a lot of time in line. Seats are nothing special, but not gross. I don't think they should be able to charge as much as other theaters with comfortable seats and adequate service. It should be like $7 or $8 for nights and 5-6 for matinee. Not horrible, but not as good as other $10 theaters.
