1 I rented from the Fairfield CA location @1425 W Texas St on 8/9/2006. I reserved online a 26' truck. I had to drive 30 miles, past 6 closer locations to go to this one because that was where the 26' truck was supposedly at a cost of $982.48. When we got there it was a 24' truck. We were moving out of state and had everything ready to go & people at the house to load it, no time for changes. So we took it, not everything fit! Their own paperwork says they may sub LARGER but not smaller! The truck had a gas engine w/ 202,000 miles on it and it was August. we were driving from Napa CA to Tempe AZ. Now you tell me if this is a disaster waiting to happen! The a/c went out in Blythe CA. We drove to Quartzite with no a/c and it was too hot, partly because VERY hot air was blowing out on my legs. Now, we had to get to AZ because had to pick up a family member flying in to the  Phoenix airport that afternoon. So, we called U-Haul and talked to various people. Their plan was for us to turn around and go back to Blythe for repair- it would be the next day at least, probably longer. Now, I am not going to pay for gas and hotel while they fix a truck that they shouldn't have given us in the first place. So, we drove on and got to our hotel in AZ. As soon as I walked in the hotel Asst manager said" Oh my gosh! let me get you some water". My face was bright red from the heat. Oh, that is the Airport Hilton, they are great. So, when we got to AZ they told us to take the truck to this location on Priest. It is their service center. They supposedly fixed it while we had to sit and wait because we had no other vehicle in town yet. When they were done (2 hours later) we drove back to the hotel. When we left 1/2 hour later, the a/c was out again! We ended up unloading and driving it back to them with no a/c and temps well oer 110 degrees! Turns out that in the 2 hours they had it they just charged with freon, nnot fixing it like they should have. It needed a new compressor. So, all in all U-HAUL sucks! besides they reservation process won't let you chose a location, they call you the day before and tell you where to pick-up. I used Penske before this and will ever since this, they are much better!!! Oh yeah, they wanted us to make full payment. I went to my credit card company and after MANY phone calls, ended up after all of this having to pay them $736.86. Not much of a discount for causing us so much trouble, stress and health issues for me from heat exhaustion. I was very sick.  Please think before using them! Penske is much better.
4 Better than the other locations I have used in the past. I am in and out with a truck in less than 30 minutes. Friendly staff too.
1 Regarding UHaul's "Family of Companies," poor customer service, illegal policies, rudeness, and inability to understand the definition of words used on their own contacts:  I ordered a U-Box from UHaul and picked it up (and returned it for shipping) on 6/12. As per their confirmation email to me, it was GUARANTEED to arrive at it's final destination 6/22. It did not arrive until 6/26. I was informed by a local UBox representative that it would be no problem to get the UBox sent to a slightly more convenient location. I kept in touch with her for several days and she then told me she had tried to speak to the shipping department.The shipping department had told her there was no way to change the destination without calling the (undisclosed to me) third party shipping company. Then they told her they couldn't do that as they didn't have a working telephone number for the shipping company!!!!  Every call I have made to UHaul, be it a specific location, regional office, or corporate headquarters has been handed off when I ask about getting a partial refund. Every person directs me to call another office. When I was finally able to get in touch with the originating Madison, WI office, the person I spoke with (supposedly the shipping manager- Brandon Fiddler) was incredibly rude to me as said flat out "I see it was shipped late. That's how it goes. I'm not giving you anything." I called corporate, after speaking to this man, I was told that I apparently threatened legal action so they won't speak to me any longer and have closed my case? Seeing as how I never threatened legal action, I find this preposterous, and I challenge them to produce the recording I did so in, since they record all phone conversations. UHaul has taken moving, an already stressful experience, and made it completely miserable. I have spent more than 7 hours on the phone with them, and can't get any resolution at all, and generally, receive nothing but insolence. They love to tell you that you have to contact the originating office or the receiving office or corporate or that the people you need to speak to are all away at the moment and have wildly unpredictable hours.  In addition to all of this, I had initially rented a trailer as well, and had a hitch installed on my car. The day comes to go get my trailer and they (surprise) don't have it. They make me drive out to the middle of friggin' nowhere to get it, 5 minutes before this gas station that does UHaul on the side is closing. We do the paperwork and he's ready to connect my trailer- except the hitch is incomplete! I had to run around this tiny town trying to find the remaining parts and lucky for me this nice guy stayed late. What a complete nightmare.  Update: A very nice guy at the original location approved roughly 30% of my expenses/ demand for money back. But that only happened AFTER I filed a complaint with the BBB, which is still going back and forth. FILE A COMPLAINT WITH BBB ASAP, that is likely the ONLY way they will even pay attention to you. Also, do some googling on it, their customer service isn't the only thing they like to pass blame from office to office on. If you sue them, you have to sue the corporate office in Phoenix. They will say it's a family of franchise companies and pass the blame, but that's how the actual law behind it works, and they will lose.  Oh- in addition, in the process of researching, I found this guy's story, READ IT. http://dontuseuhaul.com/index.htm  I encourage you ALL to file small claims against one of the WORST companies I have literally ever dealt with in my life (and that includes Charter)!
