4 Minus one star for not yet naming a smoothie after me. Minus another star for charging me four bucks if I order a peanut butter and jelly sandwich off of the kids menu for myself. This same PB&J would be only three dollars if it was, in fact, for my kid. And ... AND it would come with a bag of Sun Chips and a juice box! So not only am I paying a dollar more, but I am rendered chipless and juice boxless! "Why?" I ask. WHHHHHYYYYYY!?!?!?!  Are those of without offspring and who crave pre- or post-workout PB&J's being discriminated against simply because we've chosen not to spread our seed just yet? Seems cruel.  The dollar (as well as the Sun Chips and the Juicy Juice) is important to me. On more than one occasion, I have considered borrowing a toddler from elsewhere in the fitness club so as to get the "good deal" on the samich, but I can never make it past the gals working the front desk in the playroom. Those of you with small children may find comfort in knowing that they take their jobs - and your little ones - very seriously at the child care center at Lifetime Fitness (a review of which is likely forthcoming). But back to the café ...  I'm pretty bent about the PB&J deal, and I've yet to find a work-around. But I'm giving a star back because the people working the joint are always very nice and the place is well done for a café in a fitness club. It really is. Great overall selection, including smoothies, burritos, salads, pizzas, wraps and, of course, a kids menu. They make most everything to order, but also have some grab-and-go items if you're in a hurry.  In short, Life Café is all that and a bag of chips. (As long as you're 12 or under).
5 I'd be at this place all the time even if it weren't located inside my favorite gym. Healthy, fresh, low calorie, low fat breakfasts, lunches, smoothies, etc. Every menu item shows calorie content, fat content, protein, carbs, etc - and they keep it low. The staff - every last one of them - is unfailing upbeat and friendly.  Did I mention how tasty everything is?
4 Good low cal smoothie. Very nice salads.  Kids love it too!
4 LifeCafe is a great perk to being a lifetime member.  The food is fresh, healthy and prepared relatively quick.  Life Café offers a nice variety of menu options from smoothies, breakfast, snacks, lunch/dinner to small kid's plates and vegetarian options. All the nutrition facts are listed for each item on the menu.   Another bonus is they have specials everyday:  $2 - Snack $3 - Breakfast (Huevos wrap is my favorite) $4- smoothie  $5 - Meal (Mostly sandwiches and wraps) In addition to food, they sell all the gym supplies you may have forgotten to put in your bag...socks, swim caps, weight gloves, tennis balls, etc... and free wireless access.   I'm not sure if you can get into the café if you're not a gym member, as it is passed the check-in point.
4 I am a big fan of Life Cafe. The staff is ever so friendly and the shakes are great.   I usually pop in Life Cafe for a healthy lunch after my 9:45 butt-kicking with James (Barbell Strength on Fridays). The FastFuel Complete is amazing and full of protein.   Oh, did I mention that each menu item lists its total calories, protein, carb, and fat content right next to the price? Love it!
3 Life Cafe is full of yummy, healthy options after your workout.  My typical routine is to grab a smoothie after my morning workout and before heading to work.  I've been know to grab a breakfast wrap now and then too.  The service is friendly.  Sometimes a little slow, but hey, healthy fresh food takes time.  A great option for breakfast or lunch!  Bring the kids, spend the day at the pool and grab a bite - make a day out of it!  You all had fun, they're tired and full and all it one place!
