5 I have done both here...picked up pizza from this location and had it delivered...for several years.  The staff is superb and, for whatever reason, they do a better job with their pizza than other Domino's locations I've tried.  I order online most of the time, and the process is so easy!  I love the tracker, which helps me gauge when the pizza will be on its way.  They are super fast!  Once the tracker shows they've left for delivery, they are here in 7-10 minutes...and yet the pizza arrives piping hot and DONE.  No corners are cut.  I love love love the thin, crispy crust, and typically order it with pineapple and ham.  My husband also enjoys the thin crust, but I always include a hand-tossed pepperoni and sausage pizza for him.  Recently we tried one of the new pasta dishes, which was very good.  They've added a lot of new items to the menu to increase our choices...but I still love the pizza best! Even though this is considered "fast food" pizza, it is just so darn good!  Have tried the competitors, but they can't compare.  Keeping making great pizzas on Ray Road, and thank you for the consistency!
1 The food in general has been great. But they mess up on our order almost every other time. The customer service was great until as of late where we had someone talk back to me and say it was our fault and that we ordered the pizza wrong. When in reality I ordered it correctly. It's a shame, we didn't even eat the pizza because the toppings were wrong and the customer service was so terrible. Looks like we'll be sticking with Pizza Hut.
5 New specialty chicken was really good. The thin crust pizza I ordered was amazing and the service was exceptional. Much more cheerful than last time.
5 We have been customers for nearly twenty years. Been through many people and managers there. The food is always good and the service has always been friendly; however, lately we've had trouble getting the small detail correctly like:"NO Mushrooms" . Sandwiches having the wrong ingredients, as if someone's mind is on other things and/or they aren't listening or reading properly. But all in all the "kids" are doing a great job. Yes, they try to be fastest in the country I think, that might be the problem with the orders not being like they should be. Slow done a bit people, and get it right :) instead. No worries!!! We love ya... L.C. Durant
5 i ordered Chicken & Bacon carbonara specialty pizza. This pizza was delivered in about 20 minutes. The pizza is delicious. i will be ordering from them again for sure.
