1 Wrong meds prescribed," Before" test results came back (on it for a week) and stomach wrecked from it!!!   AFTER I  called for test results myself, they said it was the wrong medicine, geeze that's disappointing, still ill and feeling worse now.  By the way waited ALL DAY  for a call back  this happened so many times! Good thing I thought to call. That's one thing, they make it a point to never call with test results for me or for my daughter so I guess this is the way they do business. They cancel appointments like it is nothing. That is so disrespectful and unprofessional. I wonder if Dr. Apigo ran her business this way the first week she was in practice? I think not. When Drs. get this busy they can't do the basic of things...time to get out or cut back on new patients, I'm guessing it's all about the money at this point, maybe it always was? Just released all my medical records to another office, my daughter is doing the same. I think she just caters to pregnancy nothing else, she is an OBGYN, last time I checked, that meant Gynecologist also.  My advise to you:   Find a better caring professional doctor!  My Advise to her:  Just think back on how you felt about starting your new practice, and what might have been important to you. Hopefully it was your patients.
1 When my husband and I first met with Dr. Apigo, the appointment felt very rushed. She went over a couple do's and don'ts and handed me a booklet about pregnancy and was pretty much out the door. Considering this is my first pregnancy, I was obviously nervous and pretty much clueless to as what to expect within the next couple months. I left my first appointment still feeling clueless.  A couple weeks later, I had a terrible sore throat. I work with children and was scared that I may have strep throat. I called to speak with Dr. Apigo and was transferred to some lady. I explained my symptoms and she told me that I was probably fine and should just start taking Tylenol and Benadryl together. As I was telling her my symptoms, she was having a side conversation with someone else in the background.  She also told me that I could take me left over Z Pac prescription from the last time I was sick. I obviously didn't take any of the medication because first of all, I don't know who the lady was I was speaking with and there is no way to test for strep throat other than to perform a strep culture. I wasn't going to start drugging myself up especially while pregnant if I could avoid it. A couple weeks later I started experiencing pain which was similar to a UTI but nothing like UTI pain I've had in the past. I called to get my results from the last UTI screening I had left 2 weeks prior and they told me that I had never left a sample. I specifically remember peeing in a cup and putting it in the compartment with the other 4 random samples of pee. Apparently the screening was never documented. I'm assuming it was mixed up with the other 4 random unlabeled cups of pee. I asked to speak with Dr. Apigo and again was transferred to the random lady. She again told me that she would call in a prescription antibiotic to take care of my UTI that I may or may not even have. One of my symptoms was cervical pain which was a little frightening. I told her that I wanted an appt. with Dr. Apigo. She then told me to take the 10 day medication and if the pain didn't go away, THEN I could schedule an appt. with Dr. Apigo. I am still in shock thinking about how impossible it was to get a hold of Dr. Apigo. Apparently the philosophy there is to drug yourself up and if it doesn't work, something actually may be wrong. The staff was very unprofessional and apparently very unorganized. I have since switched doctors.My new doctor has filled me in on everything that Dr. Apigo did not during my first appointment. I finally feel like I am in good hands and so thankful that I made the decision to switch.
