4 I'm Asian and love authentic, down home Chinese food but sometimes I get the hankerin' for good old Americanized Cantonese food like at Yao.  The owners are super nice and the place is clean and fast and the portion sizes are out of control.  Also $2 Tsingtao Beers anytime!!  It's easy to drive by and never feel like stopping in but the the place is great.  Don't Panda, Don't Pei Wei, Don't PF - go to Yao and support local, hard working folks.
3 Yo, Yao serves Americanized Chinese food that is pretty good.  The food falls solidly in the 3-3.5 star range.  In my only visit to Yao the service was definitely lacking.  I don't know if this is the norm or they were short-staffed.  I had to wave people down through the entire time I was at Yao to get: -refills on water -refills on tea -boxes to take home leftovers -the check -I finally gave up waiting for someone to take the bill and took it to the counter.  I would try Yao again but probably just for takeaway.
4 We started with veggie spring rolls which were nicely fried and not too greasy as spring rolls can tend to be at times.  Next up was the wor won ton soup.  It was full of all kinds of veggies as well as pieces of chicken, beef and shrimp.  The won tons themselves tasted a little too ginger-y, but if you get some of the broth in your bite, they taste just fine.  Our main course consisted of Mongolian Beef and Broccoli Chicken.  The Mongolian Beef was sufficiently flavorful, though the dish is a bit deceiving - it looks like you're getting a big plate of meat, but really the meat is served over crispy, white noodles, so it's not as much meat as you think.  The Broccoli Chicken had PLENTY of chicken which was nice because a lot of times with this dish you'll get way more broccoli than meat.  The owner was very sweet and came by a couple of times to make sure everything was OK.  It was also obvious that she knew, or was at least familiar with a few of the other patrons, which is cool because you know that people are repeat diners.  Total bill was about $35 for two of us, with no alcohol.  The menu also features dinner combo specials for $11.50 pp and even cheaper lunch specials.  This is a very casual place that definitely has the potential to become my "go-to" Chinese restaurant.  I have to try a few more in the area before I settle on one...
5 Excellent for at a very reasonable price. I order the general chicked extra spicy and orange chicken and it's alway been great. Feed a family of 4 for around $20.
5 great food, awesome price!! If you are a Chinese food lover, you should try this place!
4 Good Chinese food at a reasonable price, with a friendly atmosphere.
5 Yao's is excellent.  I go there 2-3 times a month and have been for almost two years... and I live 30 miles away.  It is a pleasant atmosphere, not too loud or too crammed, and the owner is usually there talking to customers.  She or the waitress (if she's not there) always make time to chat with me.  Food is pretty good and there's a lot of it, especially on the combo meal.  Crab puffs are great, plus good soups and great shrimp dishes.
3 Consistently delicious Chinese food.  Reasonably priced for the quality of food you get.    You know the "Soup Nazi" from Seinfeld?  If you try to switch out the spring roll for an egg roll on their lunch special, you'll meet their version.
5 Good Chinese place! Friendly staff! Great lunch specials.
3 I agree with some of the review here, Yao's is a typical Americanized Chinese restaurant that is well priced and good customer service. When me and wife went we were instantly greeted with a friendly and helpful staff.  The food is OK and is priced accordingly, I had the Kung Pao chicken which was a little on the sweet side. I did however love that they have chestnuts in their food!!!  My wife had the Orange Chicken, it was extremely sweet and a little over whelming.  We saved it for leftovers.  Overall:   You pay for what you get, don't have high expectations, but its worth a try if your in the area.
4 Portions are big, prices are reasonable, service is friendly!
5 My wife and I have been visiting Yao for several years.  The food is good and the price is very reasonable.  I have to say that Shirley, the owner, is what keeps us coming back.  She always greets her customers with a warm smile and friendly "hello".  I also love this place because it reminds me of my first experience with Chinese food as a kid.  Ironically Yao offers a nice break from the PF Chang-style Asian cuisine in both it's simplicity and its price.  I have noticed that on busy nights the staff can get a little backed up with the influx of To-Go orders, but I've always been very please with the service level and attentiveness of the wait staff.  Can't say enough nice things about this place as it's a real favorite.
4 The Hot and Sour soup is perfection. The right balance of heat and sour. The steamed dumplings were moist and tasty. I do wish the sauce that comes with it has more spice. The food tastes fresh, nice textures and plenty to pick from on the menu. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is they don't deliver. It's still worth the short drive tho!
5 I am absolutely in love with the YAO. The food is huge and is the best Chinese I've had in the valley. Great bargain and the folks are most awesome. They do everything they can to make you feel at home and they made me feel like family and they're just being themselves. Just an awesome experience you'll keep coming to over and over again.
4 Friend and I got our nails done together next door and saw the sign for their lunch specials and decided to give them a shot.  Lunch specials are like $5.50 and include soup and egg roll.  Your typical selections, but they were nice enough to let us both substitute chicken for the beef in the "beef and broccoli".  The food was quick and tasty.  For the price, can't be beat.  I'm sure we'll be back when we get our nails done next door again.
5 Yao has become our favorite Asian food restaurant in the Chandler/Gilbert area. Food is extremely consistent and fresh tasting. Plenty of vegetables in the dishes that are cooked correctly and not mushy. Spicy entres are excellent and I feel are much fresher and healthier tasting than our previous regular stop. (Pei Wei) Top it off with very friendly service and reasonable prices and I'm kind of shocked they aren't busier.
4 Very nice lunch specials always very consistent . My Sugestion is to go eat in instead of Togo as you don't get soup and the portion is smaller.. Otherwise always good and fresh!
5 There should be more than 5 stars!!  1st time. Tried the lunch" general chicken" with fried rice.  I've been looking for that ' just right' spice in my Chinese food and I've found it here! !! I will return if my newly preg belly allows!! I'm so pleased to have found a awesome place. Plus it had great yelp reviews!
5 I LOVED the customer service I got here! You can't beat it! I chose Yao because of it's Yelp and the fact that they were still open and willing to serve me a to go order at 8:45 pm. As I waited for my food, the women were both super friendly and genuinely interested in who I was. I felt like my 15 minute wait just flew by! The food was pretty dang good and definitely decently priced! I will for sure be going back to Yao!
3 This restaurant had excellent customer service the waitresses were very friendly and attentive.  The food on the other hand was bland. I had the orange chicken and it did not taste like orange chicken.  it was likechicken with somesort of sauce on it.  The chicken was tender but the sauce was tasteless, it did not have citrus  flavoring.  We also had fried rice and it was bland. I wouldn't consider this restaurant to be authentic Chinese food.
1 I can't believe the positive reviews listed here.  The food is marginal, not authentic.  The quality of the ingredients is poor to fair.  The only saving grace is the low prices.  The ambiance is non existent.  So, if you want belly filling Chinese and are desperate, than go for it.  I restrict myself to take out, when I'm sick of pizza and fried chicken.
5 The food is always fresh and tastes great. I really enjoy coming in for lunch in between work and my appointments. I can order an entree, soup, wonton, and spring roll for less than $7 during lunch time. Kung Pao chicken and the sweet and sour shrimp are great. Yes, this is slightly americanized, but it has been in business for quite some time and the staff and owners are always friendly. They do not hesitate to remember your face and say hello. This is by far my favorite place to take a friend for a quick bite to eat if we want chinese.
1 Me and my wife got take out one night, we were not to impressed it was ok. There is a minimum $ amount for takeout so we had to order more than we really wanted. To top it off I woke up at 2AM sick as can be with liquids coming out of both ends. Needless to say I havnt/won't be back again. I would say 3 stars but when I wake up at 2am puking I have to say 0.
4 Great little hole in the wall, they are always very friendly and the food is served FAST.  I loved the Snow Hill Chicken, and also a fan of the Cashew Chicken, both were very fresh with lots of good vegetables.  Good fried rice on the lunch special and the Hot & Sour Soup and the Eggrolls are delicious.  I like this place and eat here whenever I'm in the area.
5 Love the food, love the service. Every experience eating at Yao is enjoyable. The first visit we felt welcomed and now as regulars we feel like friends. Every dish I have tried is delicious. Great lunch specials. A must try if you are in the area.
3 We went with our family on Christmas Eve. Apparently, the entire city of Gilbert thought they would go too! So, the wait to get out table was long and once we were sat, it took a long time to give our order.  However, once we got our food, it was yummy!  Mongolian beef was spicy, but not too spicy. It was light on the beef though. The chicken fried rice was great! Huge platter! Egg rolls were huge! Others in our party got moogoo guipan, happy family, coconut shrimp and egg flower soup. They all said they were good too!  We'll have to go some other non-holiday weekend to see how the service is.
5 I am very picky when it comes to Chinese food.  Growing up in San Francisco most of my life,  I was spoiled with great prices and great food. I moved to southern California and I could not find a good Chinese restaurant for an entire year of living there. I mean not even good,  now I live in Arizona and Yaos is the most amazing Chinese I've had since my childhood.   Great portions, service with a smile,  cleanest restaurant for Chinese food I've been to in years and the food was just excellent. Big portions and great tastes and friendly staff you can't go wrong. I already made a date with the wife to come back jn two days and I'm still eating as I write this.
4 I was feeling Chinese so i chose this place from the yelp reviews. Glad I did. Service was on the spot & the food was great! It was a pretty inexpensive meal in top of that. Looks like I'll be adding this place to my musts......
4 Really good.   Very friendly and we get take out once a week  Pork noodle soup, teriyaki chicken, spring rolls, Singapore noodles and beef and broccoli are great  Huge portions
5 Food comes quickly, but not suspiciously quickly. And the food is delicious! The orange chicken has the perfect crisp, and tasty sauce. Good amount of meat comes with the chow mein dishes. I will definitely be returning.
5 I have had a great experience my past two visits here! Service is great and so is the food! The lunch specials are also amazing they are such a good price for a huge amount of food. The orange chicken is the best orange chicken I have ever had. It has such a thin coating and I love the orange sauce on it. Also, the soups are very good! I love the hot and sour and my boyfriend loves the egg drop. I even love the crab puffs and usually I won't touch any kind of seafood. I will be back and will keep supporting this place :)
3 Dinner specials are nothing special! They are pretty expensive and the portions are not anything better than the lunch sizes. I will be back for lunch but I will not be back for dinner. (Also the lady didn't package our left overs like usual)
4 Yes.
5 Having lived in the NY & NJ area for 30 years I've become spoiled with good Chinese food. Last night my girlfriend and I decided to try this place in Gilbert. The menu was extensive and the prices looked great. We were shocked when I went to pick it up as to the large portions . The General Chicken was soft and not over cooked and the potstickers were hot and tasty.  Definitely the best Chinese Food I've tasted since I've been here. I can't wait to order again!!!
5 Chineese food is not easy in the dessert, but this place got it right. Im from New Jersey where take out is great almost everywhere. Yaos has great food, service is just right.  We ordered mongolian beef and was awesome. Chow Mein A+.....
3 Ok Chinese food.  Appetizers are excellent,  main dishes are OK.  Had orange chicken and beef and broccoli.  Don't like that brown orange sauce,  and the beef was a little to mushy,  if there's such a thing.  Referred by friends,  our main Chinese stop is Golden Valley at Extension and baseline.  Yao's did not top that.
5 We used to come here a lot when my family lived in Gilbert, so I'm surprised I never wrote a review for this place. It definitely gets five stars, because the food is delicious, and staff are all really nice, and the place looks great. I've never had a bad experience here. The servers are all warm and friendly. They greet us when we come in, and often stop by during the meal to check on us. Portions here are nice and filling, and you get a lot for a great price. I still often come here for lunch or dinner whenever I am stopping by in Gilbert.
4 Good American Style Chinese food. (Is that a paradox?)  We have been coming here since they opened. They make Chow Fun w/ Black Bean Sauce for me, even though it is not on the menu. Sometimes, if you are lucky , you can the Gai Lan with Oyster Sauce.    The only bad experience / horror story, was the two and a half hours we spent waiting for food on Christmas Eve. (No really!) @#$%!  It was like a crazy Chinese Black Friday. I will never do that again,...
4 Food is really authentic and tasty. The fried rice comes with so many veggies and meat, and the orange chicken is always hot and fresh, never dry. Staff is friendly and have quick service
5 This is the best Chinese food we have had in the East Valley.  Always delicious and consistent.  It's very reasonably priced too.  We have been several times and tried different items and not had a bad experience.
5 I really like this place. It's clean and taste like the food back east. They will even make dishes that are not of the menu.
5 I live pretty close by so I frequently grab take out.  I am always pleased with the quality of both their service and food.  Great prices , great food, and friendly service.  general ts'o chicken plate is pretty much my go to for cheat day cravings, and the crab rangoones are killer.
5 We've come here for a few years now. Good priced food and good tasting. Friendly service. We enjoy getting the dinner combinations...PuPu platter is a goI'd appetizer to share.
5 By far the best Chinese take out we've had in a long time. Extremely fresh, hot, and huge portions. Orange chicken!
