4 first, i generally hate going to home improvement stores because you can never find anyone to help you. i had a very large construction project to do which involved 5, 90# bags of stucco, and 13, 84# bags of cement. these bags were overwhelming heavy. went into home depot early in the a.m. and they were more then helpful to load these 18 superheavy bags on my cart and in my truck. i had to take back a couple bags and some other products i bought. i bought everything for cash. the return person gave me my cash back with no receipts, no complaints, and trusted me that i paid for everything in cash. the buying process was super easy with these workers willing to lift these very heavy bags and the return policy was very easy and i got all my money back.
4 I have no special allegiance to any Home Depot in particular but most of the time for the last 8 years this has been the most convenient one for me.  While Home Depot will never equal the service and atmosphere of the better Ace Hardware locations there are just things they do better because of their size.  Typical of most of my visits all but one of the folks I dealt with were friendly and helpful.  Over the years the company has gotten better at insisting their employees treat customers as first priority to anything else they are doing.
5 They just made my 5 star list.  Today Home Depot hosted a birthday party for my 7 year old.  They let us use the conference room, and provided some building sets, tools and paint for the kids to build projects.  The kids had a blast, and it was perhaps one of the best kids parties I have been to in a while.  Thank you Home Depot for making my kids day special.
4 This is a smaller location but they always have what I need. The staff is friendly in the paint section. This place has provided me with many things over the years and past four homes.
5 Visited Home Depot for a replacement for a 30 year old toilet.  Our sales associate was an actual plumber so the best person to recommend which brand to buy. His choice was on sale, all the better. Plus he was a friendly, helpful and knowledgeable guy.  When paying we also chose to prepay for installation, about 80 dollars, by Home Depots subcontactor. The installer from Delta was fast and efficient.  Pleased with the whole experience.
5 Every single person who worked here stopped what they were doing to greet me and ask if I needed help. Really unusually nice and accommodating staff. Will probably bypass the Lowes I normally go to and drive a little farther to shop here. Way to go guys!
