5 We just had the pleasure working with Four Seasons Flowers & Gifts for the first time at a wedding up at Troon North. We are modern DJ's and do hundreds of events every year and we see all sorts of floral designs but nothing like these floral arrangements. What impressed me the most was the creative use of prickly pear cactus mixed with vibrant, colorful flowers. Four Seasons Flowers & Gifts do amazing work and are also very professional and easy to work with.  We HIGHLY recommend them for any event.
5 Jamie is amazing.  He is so creative with his arrangements.  He did my sister's wedding flowers 6 years ago and my mom loved his work so much, we went back for her baby shower flowers.  We ordered one large arrangement, and two smaller, for decoration around the house for the shower.    I picked them up on Saturday and placed them in the house for the shower on Sunday.  The flowers weren't just back ground, they were works of art that smelled just as awesome as they looked and gave the room that extra pop of color and elegance in contrast to the adorable baby decor.  Guests were greeted with a light flower fragrance as they walked it and it set the tone for the whole shower.  Even the next day, walking into my sister's house, the flowers were still bright and fragrant.    Four Seasons is easy to find on the Northeast corner of 67th Ave and Cactus Rd.  They also sell silks, seasonal decor and gifts.  Great prices too. The quality for the price was a steal.
5 I compared prices for same day delivery with proflowers and 800flowers. Four Seasons was a much better deal, and it's nice to speak the person who is actually going to design the arrangement.   Spoke to Barbara who was helpful and very nice. I ordered a flower arrangement delivery to Sun City West-- same day. They post delivery fees and pictures of arrangement selections on their website.   I will definitely call them again!  The flowers were gorgeous!!! Barbara did a fantastic job!!
5 I can't speak highly enough of this florist!!  I had a terrible experience with Ava's Flowers in Surprise (see the myriad of 1-star reviews) and called Four Season's in total desperation.  A dear friend had suffered the tragic loss of her baby and I wanted to send a white arrangement.  Ava's flowers completely botched the order so I had cancelled it and needed something fast.  I spoke to Ginger who graciously listened to my rant about Ava's, which had left me so frustrated that I was in tears.  She was so nice and went to speak to the florist while I was on the phone to tell me exactly which flowers they had available in white.  She then assured me the arrangement would be perfect and she would deliver it herself.  I had my assisant call a couple of hours later to let her know no one would be home after 2:30 for delivery so she ensured it arrived by 2:00.  I just received a picture of the arrangement and it was absolutely beautiful and exactly what I had envisioned.    Do not order from a national company - use our local businesses and, if you need flowers in the west valley, I absolutely recommend this shop.  They are amazing, talented and wonderful!!  What a great experience!
