5 I tried many nail salons when I first moved to Gilbert but this is the only one that keeps me coming back.  Everyone is so so so nice here and they do the most amazing job EVER!  Their gel manicures they do last me three weeks, pedicures last me over a month.  Their prices you can't beat, they are very clean, very nice and do the best job!  Highly highly highly recommend.  Oh and try and call to make an appointment because no matter what time of the day, they are busy.  You can still walk in, but just to be safe make an appointment.
5 They close at 7:00 and took me even though I came in at 7:30. They weren't even rushed to get me out -- did a great job; so friendly!
5 Hands down the BEST pedicure that I have EVER received!! Insert everything that you would expect in a good pedi, minus the campaign, and that is what Kelly Nail has to offer.   It's not what I call a "spa" but it have to be to get a good pedi. They have must have just about every color of traditional or gel polish a girl could want. The staff is friendly and outgoing and seem to be quite thorough and efficient with time management.   Pricing is average to moderate:  $25 for a spa pedi w. 15 min massage $7 callus removal (the best I have ever had) $8 nail design (if you have a picture, they can re-create it)  $20 gel polish mini mani  I will for sure be heading back there again in the future.
5 I had a great pedicure and it was only $20! My tech took a really long time making my nails look great, so I felt like I got my money's worth.  Only complaint is that they could use some new chairs.
3 Checked this place out with my grandma today because of all the good reviews I saw here on Yelp. The good thing I will say is that they give FAB massages with their pedicures! I think that's their main selling point is the 15min massage with your pedi for $25. On the down side, everything is priced as an add-on basis. So if you want a suger scrub or callous remover, it can get pricey! My nail tech was nice, but the woman who serviced my grandma was a little annoyed by her needs... a pillow for her back, picking the right color, she even rolled her eyes when she had to go to the bathroom. I rated a 3 because the massage was just that good, but I've experienced better/friendlier service before.
5 All I can say is the awesome remodeling it has.....LOVE the spa chairs....I can stay in it all day. :-) If you want to be pampered, this nail salon is the one to go to! They have fabulous service in all aspects. I always leave feeling happy with my pedicures and shellac nails.
5 I have been coming here for over a year now, and I am happy everytime I leave the salon. All the technicans are friendly, the salon is clean, prices are fair, and the massages you get with your pedicure are to die for.
4 The ladies did an excellent job on my gel polish mani and pedi. The store was very clean and well furnished. Space seemed a bit tight but the pedi massage chairs distracted you from this issue. The service was efficient and worth the money.   Only negative I had is the manicurist nipped the skin just beside the nail bed while trimming my cuticles. I didn't think it was done out of inattention, but because of the odd angle. They had her do the mani while I was getting the pedi but its not setup for that. So I sat with my hands and upper body turned to the side while she squeezed in between the chairs and did the mani in the air. Also, they have small UV machines to cure the gel polish which they haphazardly prop up on the arm rest or foot rest to use. Seemed a little wobbly, I'd suggest looking for a better solution.   Prices were reasonable for what we got, paid for the #2 mani and pedi plus gel polish.
3 I didn't have to wait for my pedi and gel mani. They were very nice and engaging. The only reason I'm taking two stars away is the paint job on my gel mani was rushed and the price at the end was higher than expected.   This is your salon if you want to overpay for an okay job.
5 This was my first time here, and I will go back. I had a mani, pedi and my eyebrows waxed. I had Daisy doing my beautification a :-) I never felt like she was rushing. She talked to me the whole time. She did not just a good job but a great job and I felt like she really takes pride in her work.  Thanks Daisy for a nice morning of pampering . Next the actual salon was bright and immaculate. The chairs were awesome and the manicure tables had awesome built in nail driers! And the atmosphere was lively and friendly!
2 Now I remember why I stopped coming here they charged me $30 more than where I normally go to the same services and service is not that great
5 Nail salons in Gilbert are a dime a dozen, but Priscilla and Tony are above average when it comes to acrylics/sculptured nails. I'm very picky when I get fills and I would rather get a backfill every time, but Priscilla and Tony understand how to make every fill look amazing. I had my nails done by both of them and they both take their and are careful about shaping and filing.  Salon is super clean, too.
5 I wasn't sure what to expect because I'm newer to the area but my service was well above average and Kelly is amazing! She listened to what I wanted and paid attention to detail. Best gel nail experience ever!! I will absolutely be back. :)
5 Must Try!!! Great Nail Salon! Professional and super clean :-) Friendly staff and great service. Can't wait to come back to visit my friends and try this awesome Nail Salon again.
5 Love the salon!  I came on Friday and it was packed but they got me taken care of without much of a wait and my nails were fantastic as always.  Love the cleanliness of the salon and the friendliness of the staff
5 I don't often get mani or pedi, but when it's time for a little self-pampering, I go to Kelly Nail and Spa when I'm in the area. The service and quality is unrivaled! Ask for Kelly, the owner of the shop, or any of her staff for that matter! Kelly is always sweet, patient, and professional, even when I come in without an appointment and the shop is really busy! They always make me feel so welcome there!!! Love it!!!
5 I love this nail salon. I've been at least 3 times now, they are always so nice and friendly. Very happy and pleasant staff. I've come in close to closing time twice I think and they've been nice enough to still do my nails, without any attitude! My nails and toes always look great. Their gel mani lasts longer than any other salon I've been to. I live in Queen Creek, but I think they are completely worth the drive every time! I'm happy to say I've found my go to salon! :)
5 I have been coming for about six years.  I am extremely picky and I am not ever disappointed.  The salon is always clean, a great assortment of colors.  The staff is professional and personable.  They do it all. As long as I live in Arizona, this will be my spot.  Let's just say I live in Phoenix and drive to Gilbert.  It is worth the time, energy and the gas!!!!
5 This place is completely different than Jimmy's Nails in Chandler.  Both places are Vietnamese owned, which I have no issues with that.  But they treat their customers very different.   This place was nicely decorated, looked clean, appealing to the eyes.  I came in on Thursday early afternoon, a walk-in.  Most all the nail stations were filled and the pedicures weren't but the place was busy.  Everyone was nice.  The woman that did my eyebrows, V, was super nice, gentle with my face and brows.  It was a super pleasant experience.  She took time to shape my brows and I love them.    The complete opposite experience from Jimmy's where I felt I was being stabbed with ice picks with the tweezers.  V was very gentle on my face and shaped my brows well for my face, as I rarely wear makeup, so having nicely shaped brows helps frame one's face much better.  She spoke to me quietly in a room in the back and the table thing she had me on looked sanitary, and a disposable plastic cover to rest my head on.  No one was shouting in the salon as they do at Jimmy's.  I'm so glad that I gave this place a try as I found it on my way to Target and on the way home, so it is also not out of the way.  They are way more professional here than at Jimmy's.  The brow waxing was $12, which is double the price of Jimmy's, but for a cleaner place, friendlier, more professional people, and a much better job, it's worth the extra $6.  Thank you!
