5 I WILL NOT go anywhere else!! It is family owned and they are awesome people! Very helpful and knowledgeable the staff is, I highly recommend this store to any over priced chain hand's down but that's just me.
5 When buying large ticket items I always shop around (gun shows, Cabella's, Sportsmen's, Shooter's World). Lone Wolf has really fair prices on guns, holsters, and ear protection. They have a good selection and if you don't find what you're looking for, they'll order it for you. A couple of the older gentlemen that work there are a little gruff, but the pretty lady that's been there awhile, Michelle, is always so nice. She is very patient, knowledgable, helpful, and takes the time to answer all of my questions. I read the negative review, even if you have your CCW, if your address isn't current on your drivers license any retailer will require you to update your license, so use your old address !
5 Best prices in town. Smith and Wesson 9 mil. And .40 cal with two clips for $329. After tax each. They gave me a discount on a holster and 5 free targets as well.
1 Best prices in town yes,  but worst customer service.  Everyone I talked to there is extraordinarily rude! Don't believe me? Call them and ask a question.  ANY question will do.  I want to spend my money locally with local small businesses, just not with LWTC,  not any more.
1 This place has terrible customer service. I went in there this morning to purchase a XDM .45 Cal. After waiting at counter for over 5 mins with one of the employees siting right in front of me reading a newspaper. I finally interrupted his newspaper reading  for some assistant with the gun and was told "I hate XDM's so I couldn't tell you anything about it". Now everyone has their personal opinion but I wasn't asking for his, I just wanted to see the gun I was going to purchase. He was very rude and didn't seem to care about my business therefor I left and purchased the gun down the road at Randall's.
1 The owner of this shop, Andre Johnson, sold a majority of the guns used in Fast and Furious and then had an extensive conversation with ATF agent Hope MacAllister about covering it up:  http://www.westernjournalism.com/tales-from-fast-and-furious-part-6-obama-administration-cover-up/  Johnson is not a gun owner.  I consider his actions to be so reprehensible that I will not ever buy anything from him.  There is lots of competition out there that won't sell to straw purchasers like he did, knowing the guns would go to the cartel in Mexico.  If any of the gun laws were actually being enforced, he should be out of business
1 I have been in this store  several times and have usually found the staff to be very arrogant and condescending. Also, needed to price some case lots of ammo and thought that I could do better elsewhere, for example, United Nations Ammo Co. who actually acts like they appreciates my business.
5 Always been nice and helpful anytime I have been in there. I Go there about once a month looking for ammo
5 Checked in but with the ammo scare going on I did not get anything today, maybe next time
4 Decent selection and prices considering the state of the industry right now. I wouldn't drive across the valley to go here, but if you're in the area they're worth stopping in.
1 If you shop here make sure you know exactly what you're buying, the sales reps will lie to your face without a second thought just to sell a couple things. With all the gun stores in Arizona the last one I would pick again is one with a widespread and well earned "used car salesmen" reputation. Shop elsewhere.
1 This place has in equal parts, bad vibe and attitude. I went in asking If they can process a Gun Broker purchase and checking their pistol inventory. Needless to say, after getting an old trucker-looking woman to get off a stool, I found the price was fair, but they had no e-mail, and said the seller needed to fax his form.  Who uses faxes besides maybe healthcare?  There was also an older skinny trucker-looking guy there who just sat there glaring, very strange.  I found a FFL Provider for 10 less and no attitude.  Gun prices are fair, but I won't buy from these weirdos.
5 I've purchased many guns from Lone Wolf over the past few years, and I have to say that I find them absolutely wonderful: The staff is helpful, professional and polite. The prices are the lowest in town, period.  The only reason I don't rank Lone Wolf as my favorite, but only second favorite gunstore, is that they don't really do trades - if you're looking to trade, you should probably look elsewhere; their business model seems to be more of a discount/wholesale model, used guns don't really seem to fit into that model. Other than that, I find them pretty darn perfect.    The proprietor, Andre, is a wonderful individual of great integrity, with a big heart, and he's absolutely hilarious; if you have some time ask his opinion on the subject of marriage, and enjoy the (lenghty) response - It'll be one of the funniest things you'll ever hear:)  As with any other gunstore, you should know some basic etiquette: Don't be rude, don't be pushy, and treat the employees as you'd like to be treated; with respect.  Highly recommended!
5 My go-to FFL whenever I need something transferred. Great people, really easy to deal with, you can just call them up and give them the sender's fax number, no need to go in to set things up like you have to with many other places.   They have a moderate selection of firearms at great prices. Nothing out of the ordinary, lots of Springfield, Glock, S&W and Ruger firearms. My only real complaint if I had one would be the lack of variety, because I have a taste for stuff like FNH and CZ.
5 Great service, and knowledge.  Prices decent.  No pressure, wound up buying two guns.  Recommend!
