5 I've been going to Fantastic Sams for 5 years now--every 4-6 weeks so that's a LOT of hair cuts. In all those years I've only had 2 bad haircuts.  I've had most of the stylists there, but my favorite may be Kinsey. She is one of the managers and very meticulous!  I speak for a living so a great haircut (at a fair price) is very important to me. I highly recommend Fantastic Sams. Just be sure you get someone experienced like Kinsey or Shea (the other reviewer recommended her as well. I've had Shea cut my hair and she did a great job).
4 Here's something weird if you want to stick to a suburban mom living in Gilbert stereotype- I can't justify spending more than $15 on a haircut. I've certainly gone that route, and you know what? $40 or $15, there is NO difference at all! To be fair, I do one cut, and then grow my hair out to donate to Locks Of Love, so I don't have a lot of upkeep on my 'do. Regardless, I still can't do it. I know a lot of people are weird about who touches their hair. They have a relationship with their stylist or whatever. Well, you can build a relationship and spend less here too. The whole family has been coming to this location for years, and the staff is always friendly, and they've always understood exactly what my children have wanted done with their hair. None of us have ever complained, and they take competitors coupons. Weekends tend to be busier, but if that's the case then you can become the stereotype and get yourself a Starbucks while you're waiting. ;-)
2 Not a huge fan of this place, although the barber did give me a proper fade. I would have to say its over priced for mens cuts and way to long of a wait.... its not a super cuts and its not a high class salon either so in my eyes it is very useless
5 I would recommend Fantastic Sam's for anyone. Everyone there is super friendly, and they give FANTASTIC haircuts!! It's clean, affordable, fantastic, and friendly!
5 I went in on a Thursday at about 2pm and it was busier than I thought it would be. I waited for about 5 minutes and was taken in to the chair. The stylist asked what I wanted, eyeballed my hair, and gave me a wash and condition. She took all of about 8 minutes to cut my hair perfectly and exactly how I wanted it.   Quick, easy, and inexpensive. What more could you ask for?  If you want something simple and quick, this is definitely the place to go to.
5 Fourth trip here.  VERY impressed w/their knowledge.   They have been fixing my daughter attempt to home bleach her dark brown hair to platinum blonde.   I was so impressed w/how they handled that situation,  I got my hair done here, my boyfriend got his hair cut here, and now my daughter's hair is finally ready to be set back to brown.  While here, I watched them fix other hair color boo-boo's from other salons.  They know what they are doing and aren't looking to do something to damage your hair just to make the rent.....that means a lot to me.  The do keep the place on the cold side, so dress accordingly.  ;)  Prices are reasonable.     Adult cut $15, Cut/style $25, kids cut$10, Color $40& up, perms $40 and up and they do waxing.
5 We come here often.  Today they said it would be a 10 minute wait and it was actually like 3.  I won't go anywhere else.  They have always made every visit impressive.   Another great haircut experience.
5 I am in love......like seriously in love with my hair stylist. I hope I spell her name right, but Adrianna will make sure that you have the best hair cut possible. There are no short cuts and she will go above and beyond when making sure your hair is perfect. Beautiful, smart, funny, perfect haircut. It was almost like the perfect date. I can't wait to go back!!
