4 Just returned from getting an oil change and was pleased with my experience. They didn't try to upsell me or add any extra services. The prices are definitely reasonble and they finished in an hour, which is how long they estimated it would take. It was $28 for a premium oil change, which my car requires, but only $16 if you use the standard Shell oil and bring in a coupon (they aren't hard to find).   I can't speak for any of the other services, but if all you need is an oil change I'd say you can't go wrong.
5 Scott the mechanic is the man. He is the only mechanic in the Valley that I totally trust. He has worked on at least 10 cars of mine over the years. No one wants to hear...you need a new one of those, or are you ready for how much this is going to cost. But with Scott if he suggests doing something while he is in there, preventing future problems I do it. Sun Devil Auto is a good shop.and businesses.
5 I just moved to the area a year ago, and had a hard time finding a mechanic I could trust. Sun Devil Auto solved that problem for me! When I needed a major repair on my car, they did only what was necessary and charged me an extremely fair price. Tim is always very friendly, and recently when I called inquiring about a service light in my vehicle, he was very helpful even over the phone. You can always expect that the work will be done on time, and they've never kept me waiting. This is the only place I will go for oil changes or any repairs for my vehicle.
5 Good guys here, they aren't just out to steal your money. I've never felt pressured to buy anything I didn't come in for, even though they may give you recommendations.
5 I had to have service done on my truck. And I was giving the best service I have ever had a shop offer. I was able to afford the work and get the piece of mind that I was getting quality. Make Sure if you live in this area and need work check them out.
5 Awsome as always. Friendly, And knowledgeable. And under what I thought I would have paid.
5 Great place for a budget friendly oil change. $17.99. I would recommend it.
5 Service was fantastic. Had received an outlandish estimate from a dealership so spent the afternoon calling around local mechanics. Talked to about 5 or 6 shops which either rushed me off the phone or couldn't give me an estimate unless I brought the car in. I called and spoke to Robert at Sun Devil Auto, and he went through with me prices, didn't pressure me and was very professional.   Was able to bring in the car the next day, paid half of what the dealership wanted and overall, a great service.
5 Excellent service, extremely polite employees, pricing very reasonable. Had the car checked out and tuned up before a cross country move and they got me on my way quickly. Definitely would recommend to friends and family
4 Update: I still like Sun Devil, however I felt they tried to oversell me at my last visit. My husband had over-charged my AC in my car causing the pressure to increase and the AC to blow hot- not a good thing in 100 degree weather. I took my car in for service and received a call that they were concerned that I needed to replace my compressor since the release valve had to let off the excess pressure in the system and they can't just replace the valve. Great suggestion, but I can't see attempting a $1000 fix for something non-safety related when a simple $120 service may suffice. Just a fair warning...
5 Awesome place for auto repair...very polite, quick solution for the battery issue I had.  Highly recommend...
