4 Open Saturday . . . One of the few locations that is.  Friendly service and a speedy Drive-Thru!  Never any issues for me . . .
1 be warned!!!   from my experience if you bank with arizona federal you are opening yourself up to losing your money, potential identity theft, and many days full of frustration while you "become one of them".    * outdated technology- hard to find information on their website and limited self service capabilities * contacting a live person will take up to 5 minutes! * fees applied incorrectly and excessively by arizona federal * problems can only occur from monday - saturday 9 am to 3pm * criminals welcome to take all the customer's money in the evenings and during the weekends * rude customer service agents that do not respect "members" * "be one of us" brainwashing slogan should really say, "if you are stupid, rude, and like other people stealing your money and being blamed for it, then join arizona federal and "be one of us!"
1 I opened an account with Arizona Federal just to keep my savings in there. I went in on the day after they had updated their computers. So naturally everything was glitchy and taking longer which I totally get and understand. Anyways I put a substantial amount of money in my savings. I had the account for about 4 months and need to take out $100 dollars. It was 6pm on a Friday so I went threw the ATM. It says account 0.00 savings 0.00! I was so freaked out I mean this is my largest savings account! I called the number on the back of my card and NO one would help. Everyone's response was its after hours we can access your account on Monday. Are you kidding me?! I won't be able to sleep till Monday! So since it is after "business hours" you can't let me know if my money was stolen or what the heck is going on? I literally got transferred to 10 different people. Finally I didn't let this lady get off the phone till she helped me. It turned out the lady who set up my account put me under a "special savings" so it's not something you can access threw an ATM. Why couldn't anyone help me with this information? And they were so rude! Anyways I'm going to take all my money out because that is just ridiculous what if it was stolen!
