3 My Grandma has lost some weight and needed some new clothes. She had a special coupon for Kohl's and she had some kind of credit to use here so here is where I took her.   I find Kohl's to be the kind of store I have to be in the mood to deal with. A lot of times one has to sort through the crap to find the good stuff and since Grandma likes to hit the sales rack first, I had to dig deep to find the patience to deal with everything. Luckily, we were able to find a few things that worked for her and I was glad. I was also happy that she listened to me when it came to sizing and was very grateful that the dressing rooms were large enough for both of us to be in. My Grandma is now 88 and I look like her. I have a feeling I know what my body will look like when I am 88 as well and once I managed to swallow that reality, we both had a little bit of a laugh.   Customer service isn't the best at this location and I guess they get quite a few shoplifters as there was a police takedown going on in the housewares section as we walked by. I just chalked that up to entertainment and steered Grandma the other way.
5 I really have to base my review on the customer service I received the two times I've been here. The employees were really helpful! I thought the store was really clean and neat... not at all what I was expecting. I'll definitely come back here to shop and I LOVE the sales prices too!
4 Huge selection of items to choose from and always has awesome sales going on.  I have a credit card with them just to get the extra discounts.  You can pay for your card bill at the registers so I make my purchase and then pay off the amount on the card right after so I can get my extra discounts but not get the interest on the card.  The clearance section is always a mess and you really have to do a lot of sorting.  Set asides some extra time if you are a clearance shopper.  They often have 70% off section and I can get baby clothes for $2.   You will find excellent prices if you just have a little patients.  Return policy is amazing.  You do not need your receipt if you purchased on your kohl's card.  They have never given me a hassle with any returns and they customer service employees are always cheerful even after the Christmas holiday.  They have great shopping carts for all styles of life.  They have car seat holders, child holders, handicap style, and much more.  They are smaller and easier to get around the store in then those huge bulky carts. Only down fall though is finding the right cart for you while during their busy hours.  I often just take my stroller in to shop with my son.  They don't ever give me a problem doing this. Many stores frown upon stroller shopping but they are cool with it.    Service is always friendly and prompt.  Sometimes lines are long but that is goes along with the territory of shopping at a department store that everyone loves.
4 Clean store with friendly staff. I always seem to find something here. They carry some off brands but at great prices as well as having a good selection of more mainstream brands. Picked up a pair of athletic shorts at a great price at about $12 a piece.
4 I'm starting to really like Kohl's as much as I like J.C. Penney. (I like J.C. Penney)
5 Kohl's is the best. The selection is great, the staff are typically friendly and you can't beat the return policy. This is my primary spot for buying clothes and shoes.
2 Kohl's is like any other department store really.. the deals are great and the store is usually kept up. The only reason this review is receiving two stars is the lack of customer service I have received the past experience.   I was there with my mom a week before Black Friday and found some boots that I liked, my mom as well liked the same pair. I grabbed size and was trying to find hers however they were not stocked so we locate a employee and my mom says "Excuse me, could you help me out?" Couple minutes go by the lady either A. didn't hear us B. ignored us or C. didn't understand what my mom was saying (complicated question i know) So again, my mom nicely asks the same employee, "Do you mind assisting me?" and the lady grunts and her! Yes, GRUNTS. I was taken back and tried myself. As I'm holding the boot showing it to her I said "Excuse me, I would like to find this boot in a size six, there are none on the floor" She looks up at me and waddles off to the display section, as she turns I say, "Ma'am the display is in my hand, the number you need is here." She keeps walking.... So i just wait for her to come back. She comes back and says "No size six:" I responded, "I understand that, what i'm asking is if you can check in back". So she goes and checks in back.. "No six".. Okay fine. My mom and I thank her and go over to the kiosk... Get all the way down the the check out section and tried to apply a coupon and the machine freezes so of course we find another employee to assist us and our luck again, a cranky old woman lets out a big sigh after we asked for help and says "I don't know how to work these things".... WHAT- you have a machine in your store you can't even function? AT ALL? So she stands there and pouts and watches myself figure the stupid machine and says "Yeah these break all the time".... WHAT... At this point steam is pushing out of my ears... IF your employees can't help your customers why are they there? Why hire old hags that get overwhelmed by doing their JOB? Mind boggling to me... needless to say we got the boots with the assistance of no one and went on our merry way.
5 I have been getting my work clothes here for years now and recently I got up the guts to venture in barefoot and was given no problems!
