5 this place is awesome. they have excellent combo meals esp for lunch the prices are ridiculously low! great value. the food is very yummy and they give generous portions for great prices. love this place.
3 I have gotten take-out from here about once a month for the past three years. I normally get the chk broccoli and my husband gets the kung pow chk or the happy family delight. It is not the greatest Chinese food in the world but I like it and they give you a good portion size for the price. Try it out... if you don't like it you only wasted about $7.
3 I've been eating here for at least 6 years. Lunch specials are huge and they will make lunch special out of anything on the menu. Sun devil chicken , honey garlic chicken and twice cooked chicken are all very good. We often eat in  and food comes promptly. The servers are attentive. The only thing I don't like are the egg rolls...which have a spice I don't like. If u get the curry I would ask for extra spicy. I get most dishes extra spicy...also they are awesome about customizing dishes with veggies u like. Lunch specials are under five bucks and about 2 meals worth of food. Would give 3.5 stars but iPod app won't allow.
4 Very good food, I just ask for no MSG
4 Food qty is always huge and quality is good.  The place itself is not the most pleasant to look at.  It might need some remodeling.  Luckily I never have gotten sick so far from this place.
3 this is my first time being here so 3 stars.. Food was quick, not sure if i like that or not... most places ive been to i usually wait about 5-8 mins... but i will try it again... Portions are about what i expected for a lunch special
3 For me the Golden Dragon was one of those places you drive by all the time for years, always thinking "Man, I really need to try this place. There's always cars in the lot and they've been around forever!" but inexplicably never do anything more than that.  Well, after approximately 19 years I finally gave the Golden Dragon a try and it was...a valley Chinese restaurant.  I've been on a mini-quest to find a suitable replacement for my former go-to neighborhood Chinese joint (the lamentable Pong Pong on West Bell Road) and so far, so-so.  Therefore I was really hoping that my quest would end with this long pondered destination. I mean, hey, they have sizzling rice soup! That immediately scores a point of favor, right? So here's the rundown   The wife and I ordered takeout: -Szechuan beef -Orange chicken -Egg drop soup -Spring rolls -Crab puffs -Vegetable fried rice  The beef itself was good, tender and not over done. The sauce was typical brown spicy-ish gravy. Not overtly oily but commonly greasy.  The chicken was of very good quality, the "spicy" orange sauce was prevalent but the taste was AWOL.    On a side note, why is that Chinese restaurants always denote the spicy dishes on the menu? In my experience, this merely means that a dried red pepper will be placed somewhere within the dish, rendering a few surrounding millimeters somewhat hotter than the rest.   Any-hoo - The egg drop soup was all egg flour. That's it, not even a sliver of scallion. Not bad, but barren.  The crab puffs were pretty good. Large, with a better than average filling that contained a fair portion of Krab™.  The spring rolls were pretty terrible.  Oilier than canned sardines and filled with a bland mixture of rice noodles and something that resembled the stuff that oozes out of the cyborgs in the Alien film series. The highlight was the veggie fried rice.  Fluffy, savory, with generous amounts of fried egg and bean sprouts.  All and all...a valley Chinese restaurant. I think I might have to abandon my quest to replace my old favorite Chinese joint.  Maybe it's not so much that I can't find something suitable, maybe it's more that I just don't really like Chinese/American food anymore.   (Except for sizzling rice soup. Why didn't I get the sizzling rice soup? I haven't had the stuff in eons)
4 Good food at a good price. I've only done take out, but the service we did get was good. Their black bean beef was excellent!
2 Went to this place for dinner after reading the reviews. Not what I am looking for as far as Chinese food is concerned for my taste.  Portions were decent but lacked taste.  Will not return as there are better places out there for me.
1 This place is terrible, the food is probably alright if they could, I don't know..maybe get their orders right!? But I wouldn't know. I haven't ordered there in months because they've messed up on my delivery order three times in the past, but my boyfriend insisted he wanted orange beef so I gave them one more try..I specifically asked for NOT SPICY..what do they give me? Food soaked in chile oil and red peppers..maybe it's the language barrier, or maybe they are just f*ing idiots?!
1 Me and my family will never eat here again. We used to love this place, but our last experience was just that, our last! We were sitting down and just ordered our food when I see something crawling on the chair next to me. Yep! It was a cockroach. I was so grossed out that I couldn't even wait for the waitress. We just got up and left and have not been back since. GROSS! Do not go here!!!
4 Love this place! It's super quiet, nice staff, excellent food and very reasonable prices! Will definitely return again.
2 Vegetarian egg rolls: greasy and not so nice. Fried rice: greasy and not so nice. General Tso's chicken: arrived like a soup, there was so much brothy sauce I had to be careful not to tip the container. Also was supposed to be broccoli and chicken; two tiny spears of broccoli were the only vegies to be seen.  I knew I was going for Middle America take-out Chinese and had low expectations, but the food really was only marginal. The service at the counter was nice and the food came out hot and fast. Just not my style.
4 Great lunch specials for 5 - 6 bucks. Willing to customize which I love when dieting. I ask for steamed chicken and veggies with no oil.
3 This place is quiet. Too quiet.   No seriously, the west valley feels like a ghost town on a Saturday afternoon. This place was nearly empty, and there was zero music. I stared awkwardly at the menu. Tons and TONS of options, but I went for the honey garlic chicken. Sounded interesting, I like mixing something sweet with a little spice.   I'm still not understanding how they can put this much garlic in a dish and it still be bland. Nothing popped out. No honey here...just garlic, and a hint of sugar. I tried the orange chicken, too. That was way, waaaaay better. I guess I'll avoid unique items.  Lots of beer options, and some plum wine for $3 a glass. Delicious. Your meal comes with a big pot of white rice, and supper was ready in no more than 10 minutes. We passed the time laughing at some old lady who was disappointed they didn't have the same menu items as Panda Express. LOL, this place is way better, with comparable prices and options.   I'd come back for lunch, you can easily make it in and out in a half hour. Solid.
4 After attending a meeting tonight nine of us went to the Golden Dragon for dinner. They serve  "American Chinese food". Everyone got something different and everyone agreed the food here was outstanding.   Here is my take on this place....I always start my meal with the soup. If the soup is  is good usually the food is good as well. Tonight was no exception. The Wor Wonton soup was excellent!   In addition to my soup I got a vegetable dish. The sauce on it was superb.   Everyone commented how their entrée had good flavors, was served hot and the ingredients used seemed fresh. No one was disappointed with what they got.     prepared perfectly. The food here is great and while it isn't 100% authentic it's very filling, not expensive, had large portions, was served fast and every dish was delicious. I can't emphasize enough how inexpensive it is!    ************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************  5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!  4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business.  3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again if a friend or family member wanted to go.  2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.  1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT!
4 Sizzling rice soup was great! Chicken fried rice was really good. Take out was fast and the prices were reasonable. I'll be back to try other entrées.
4 Ordered delivery and it got here really fast. Within 15-20 minutes.  Got the pork fried rice and it was pretty good. Generous portions and reasonable prices.
2 The food is good with big portion compared to the money paid for it. However, the service quality is not that great. When I bought take away or ask for delivering for lunch combination, frequently there were missing things in the portion (ex: fork  & spoon missing, no soup). I am just curious how can this place still in business with its terrible service.
5 Ok. Let's just be serious for a moment. When you're home, and it's too hot to cook and you've worked all day...what about this crab puff craving you have? You call this place, like right now. It's so delicious for a empty not-so-busy place. Everything is so good, and delivery is ridiculous fast. You can easily find the menu online, sort of like all the other places out there, but their food is hot and delicious. If you ask for sauce on the side, everything is crunchy and amazing. Do it, and get the crab puffs. You know you want to!
5 This place is smack your mamma good! I went and got take out with my main man Dan and the food was out of world! In fact it was so good the night we had I went back and got their ridiculous lunch special for a cool $4.95 ( I would have paid $10) I'd give six stars if I could. Highly recommend.
4 I always have them deliver, it's quick and convenient. I love their Mongolian beef, I always ask for extra spicy. Good chinese and reasonably priced.
