4 I received a gift certificate here and decided to use it on the microdermabrasion/facials.  I was a virgin to the whole facial world but now I'm addicted.   I wasn't sure what all "microdermabrasion" consisted of.  It sounds rather harsh and scary (esp since I saw that episode of Sex and the City when Samantha stopped in for a quick mircodermabrasion session and she was the color of a lobster).  I was proven wrong.  It's basically a deep facial.  There is no downtime and no harsh redness; instead you get to enjoy a series of relaxing deep cleaning facials that come complete with a neck and shoulder massage!   They import this awesome cream from Italy that makes your skin look amazing (unfortunately we cannot buy it retail in the US)!     Priscilla knows skin care and I will certainly be back for more sessions soon.
5 Very professional office staff and they are open on Saturdays!  Ultrasound Lifting Facials by Priscilla are INCREDIBLE- my skin looks great.  They also offer Laser Hair Removal, Botox, & Vitamin B shots at a discounted price. Looking forward to my next appointment.
5 Very professional office staff and they are open on Saturdays!  Ultrasound Lifting Facials by Priscilla are INCREDIBLE- my skin looks great.  They also offer Laser Hair Removal, Botox, & Vitamin B shots at a discounted price. Looking forward to my next appointment.  Update:  I just had my second appointment with Ginny for vein sclerotherapy. (Only $250) My ugly leg veins literally vanished in front of my eyes. I am so pleased with the results!
5 I received the best Botox and juvederm treatment ever!  I've gotten Botox and juvederm treatments before but Ginny is a true artist.  My frown lines are gone and my face doesn't look plastic or frozen.  And I can't believe how many compliments I've gotten on my beautiful, luscious lips.  She will make you feel comfortable and will take the time to explain everything to you.   I highly recommend her to everyone,
5 I've been doing laser hair removal here for quite some time now and it's been a good experience.  The generally have availability that suits me and the aetheticians are very nice.  I initially started here with a Groupon and since I've continued treatments past the Groupon deal, they've given me a reduced price for current treatments.    Definitely recommend!
5 I value customer service and satisfaction above all and this place delivered. They will do everything to see you happy and content. I was blown away by their laser machine because it's painless and natural. Their prices are a little above average, although I come from California where laser hair removal is dirt cheap. They have good prices for Arizona.   I definitely recommend this place. They have state of the art equipment and excellent customer service!
