1 Just called to get an estimate on roof damage from the wind.  Receptionist asked if I was already a customer.  I said no.  She said they no longer accept new customers because they are so overbooked from the hail storm back in October.  Well sucks for you cause I needed an entire new roof people!  Would steer clear of them.
5 I had a complete roof done by them and they were so expertly professional that I was completely satisfied. I am used to dealing with contractors and have been "had" by a few. This company was soooo up front, clean, and did an incredible job. They never tried to upsell me, but when I asked about better attic ventillation, they offered an esthetically pleasing yet effective solution at minimal additional cost. I can't say enough good about them! My roof looks fabulous!
5 These guys were referred to me by a friend who was very satisfied with their price and service.  They put on a whole new roof for me and I too was more than pleased and have since referred them to others.  Another home we own has a small leak from last week's storm.  I called New Life this afternoon, they remembered who I was, and they are coming to look at my problem Wednesday.  If my future experience with this company changes, I will update the review but my experience with New Life Roofing has been excellent.
1 I called this business to get an estimate for tile roof repair and no one ever called me back.  Bad business ethic.  They have an answering service, so there is no excuse.  Probably if I would have said that I needed a NEW roof, I would have received a call.  I even gave them the name of the person who referred them to me.
1 Terrible - terrible - terrible - do I even have to give 1 star.    Like other posts, I never had a return call back.  I called 4 days ago and the estimator never called back.  I called again today and verified my phone number thinking they wrote it down wrong.  They had the correct number and the receptionist assured me she would relay it to the person who would set up the appointment with a call back today.  No call back at all.  There is not any storm or other damage now in Phoenix so absolutely no excuse.  I will take my repair business elsewhere as now even if they called me back, I would not trust any start dates for repair work with this flaky company.
