1 This place sucked.  When you walked in it looked pretty nice, Lobby area was small but it was decent.  We asked for non smoking room and as soon as we entered our room we could smell the smoke.  Our "non smoking" seemed like an ash tray.  Cabinets were out of date, and one of the TV armoire door kept closing on me so I could only watch half the TV.    The bathroom had mold in the shower tiles.  We tried using the hot tub and it was broken, lets not forget the "continental breakfast".  It looked like the storage room, and pretty nasty.  What else can I say, you get what you pay for right?
1 I had a relative check in here today, and he called my family about five minutes ago to tell us he was on the road and that he wasn't staying at this location, so let me do a run down of what he told us that happened.  He had rented the room earlier in the day, and he had just gotten there after spending some time with us and he expected a nice room. It wasn't. It was on the 3rd floor, but the AC wasn't even working. It was 114 degrees in there!   He went down to ask the desk for another room and the best room they could possibly give him was a handicap room, but he didn't want that, and that was the only room they said they had available.  So he asks for his money back, and they deny him! Then they threaten to call the cops on him when he did NOTHING wrong! All he wanted was a room with a working AC system so that he could stay the night and be on the road in the morning! Is a tiny little refund so much to ask for??  Absolutely horrible service. I can't even believe they would threaten him like that. It's just completely unacceptable.  DO NOT STAY HERE! You'll get better service at a chain hotel than this joint.
1 This place is the absolute worst place to stay.   They are charging similar rates if not more expensive than nicer places in the area (picked this location due to proximity of where I needed to be.)  I arrived and things looked nice enough.  Biggest problem is that the hotel had no hot water and they failed to mention this when we checked in. When you stay someplace you expect that they can deliver on the basic necessities such as hot water in your shower. We reported the problem on day one and were assured that they would take care of the problem. for us. We went about our day, came in late and went to sleep. Woke up the next day to find the towels weren't replaced and there was still no hot water.  (By the way. The towels here are flimsy super thin pieces of old cloth that do nothing to dry you off. They looked old and should have been thrown out a long time ago.)  We go to check out and complain about the cold water. The front desk manager immediately told me to calm down even though I was calmly complaining about the lack of hot water. They mentioned that they have been having boiler problems for the past week and the hot water has been going on and off. They had nothing to say when I asked them why they didn't mention this when we checked in to give us the ability to decide whether we wanted to stay there or not. In either case I think they still would have charged me due to thier cancelation policy.   In the end they took $40 off my bill however this was not enough to compensate for what they pulled on us. they pulled a fast one on us and still got away with charging us for a 2 day stay so they still came out ahead.   the breakfast was a joke and by 7:30 AM when we went down, everything was pretty much gone, Not like there was much of a selection in the first place.   I understand that this is not a luxury place but for what they charged I expected the basic items to be provided. Even the cheapest hotels have hot water.  If this is the type of management and owners that represent Quality Inn I will never stay at one again. I feel ripped off and cheated at this point. My stay in Glendale would have been much nicer had I not had to deal with this hotel and their management.
