3 For the life of me, I couldn't check into the location that Yelp had, so it showed this.  So lets hope it is and if not, oh well.   For years, I literally avoided TGI Friday's because i had a boring experience there.  Yeah, I said boring.  The food was barely ok and the place was just dull.  Unfortunately that location burned down to the grown (Chandler location).  When i was there I ordered the fried mac n cheese and I gotta say, i could make better mac n cheese with my eyes closed with no ingriedients.  Talk about bland.  This was the worst appetizer Ive ever had.   That was then..  So at this location, I had a total change of heart.  First off, TGI removed the nasty Mac N Cheese balls (good job!) and we ordered fried green beans.  Damn they were yummy!.   We got something else that was good.. Ohh yeah.. I remember.  I think it was shrimp or something.  I know, I don't remember.  But it was good too.  I got their ever popular Jack Daniels BBQ burger.  This is a  burger that is nationwide known from TGI and I finally had it.  guess what?  It's a burger with BBQ sauce on it. Nothing to go to the press over, but it was just good.  Drinks were good and refills were always coming.  So over all, the food was good.  Service was great.  We tend to all go out with a bunch of people, so Im always impressed when they handle a group of 8-10 people.  Nice work!
3 Yes, I am taking the time to write a review of a franchise restaurant.  Some of us do have to eat at places like this because we are going to dinner at 9 PM after painting an investment property all weekend and we're so tired and hungry we'll eat anything - and we need a glass of wine to kill the pain in our 54 year old back!  At any rate, the service was exceptional - not many waiters are happy to see someone walk in at 9 PM on a Sunday night, looking like they were painting all weekend, but ours was lit-er-ally happy to see us and made us feel welcome.  We sat in the bar, as is our usual, and it was pretty busy for that time of night, especially Sunday night. We had already been to another Mexican spot, small local place - trying to support the locals - and sat in the lobby for about 4-5 minutes along with someone else who looked like he was there to pick up some take out - all the while envisioning the kitchen looking like the episode of Kitchen Nightmares where Ramsey takes the huge bucket of refried beans out into the dining room and plops it down on the table and tells the people "This is the kind of crap these people are serving you!!  Aw go home, just go home!!!"   But I digress . . .  We got our drinks immediately and never wanted for more all night.  Food came out quickly, wedge salad had nice crisp cold lettuce and GREAT blue cheese dressing, but awful huge strips of undercooked bacon - gotta have those small crispy bits!  Dinner was the Parmesan Crusted Chicken with tortellini and tomato moz salad - all good, except for a few mushy cherry tomatoes in the salad, but I love the idea of the little rounds of moz just the same size as the cherry tomatoes, which they are kind enough to cut in half so you don't have that awful cherry tomato explosion when you try to do it yourself.   Husband had the Chicken Bruschetta Pasta which he has had before and said was great.  All in all, considering the size of this valley, and how hard it is to find food past 9 PM, TGI Friday's at 59th Ave. and Bell Rd. is a good bet.   We also recommend the Norterra location at I-17 and Happy Valley.
3 It's Fridays.  Close to school, quick service and tasty food.  Got the job done, but wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
4 This location is no longer open
