4 After that last fiasco at Great Clips, I was a bit gun-shy about getting my hair cut at a new place again. But a good friend of mine has been going to Hair'z 2 U, to get her funky cool hair style done, and it looked great. Not only that, this place is like 1/10th of a mile from my house.  In typical Phoenix fashion, the salon is located in a nondescript strip mall. Inside, they did a really fine job of making it inviting, and almost luxurious. My stylist, Susan, had a friendly, engaging personality, and took plenty of time to ask questions, ask me how she was doing, and refer back to the pictures I brought.   She managed to salvage my hair style, and make it something lovely. I'll certainly go back once it grows out some, so she can finish the job, and heck, maybe even get some color too.
5 Angel is seriously an angel! She fixed my wicked bad haircut and turned it into a cute and fun new doo. I'm going back next week for color. I was flattered by the personal experience and they try to make you feel like a customer should feel -- wanted and valued. Angel, you are one cool chick! Thank you!!!!!
5 I am visiting from out of town, and  used the reviews here on yelp to find a good place to get a haircut, at a reasonable price... I am happy I went here. I called in this morning, and they were able to squeeze me in today. Susan was very talkative and nice, made the hair cut an enjoyable experience. And she cut my hair well. For those coming to this area for the first time, it was next to the CashOne building (facing away from Peoria).
5 I've been searching for a salon in Phoenix that could work with my curly hair and make me feel good about it without costing an arm and a leg. Jean was awesome. I showed her a picture of what I wanted, she asked a bunch of questions, and she included me in the process by asking my opinion every so often and making sure she was doing what I wanted. I'm used to walking in and showing a picture, then getting a half-assed version of what I wanted, but Jean made sure it was exactly what I came for. She even showed me how to style it when she was done and answered all of my questions.  I will most definitely be going back to her for my next cut. :)
5 I had seen good reviews on yelp for this salon and thought I would give it a try. When I got there I mentioned to the stylist I wanted to change my hair style drastically , she was completely honest with me ( which i truly appreciate) and told me she did not have the skill to cut my hair the way i wanted although she had a stylist that was on call if needed that could cut if I was willing to wait . A little skeptic but willing to wait I asked if she could have her come in. She was very quick in getting to the shop ! Introducing herself as angel when she got there ,she immediately got to work , she took a look at a picture I had for reference and captured exactly what I was going for ! I was so happy with the outcome of the cut I also decided to add highlights to my hair and needless to say angel did a terrific job on my red highlights. I can truly say I will be going back for anything I need from here on out. I definitely recommend seeing angel when coming to this salon.   ***** she also gave me tips for styling which I love and they worked out perfect*******
5 Went in yesterday for a cut, color, and partial highlights. Jean did an excellent job and worked very quickly knowing I had to go to work right after. I have gotten so many compliments already. I will definitely be back!!!
5 First visit today thanks to the reviews on here. Jean, you are so awesome! My poor hair has been neglected. But with a dose of color, some great advice and a cut, my hair looks great! Thank you Yelpers for the great reviews or I would never have found this place! Jean is MY new stylist!!
5 Angel is an amazing hair dresser. I have been going to her for eight years and she always gets it right. I highly recommend her. The other staff is really nice too.
4 was looking to lighten my naturally brown, dyed almost black hair...so I did some research on salon's in the area and saw really great reviews for Hair'z 2 U and Jean a stylist there.  Made my appt went in with a picture to show Jean what I wanted and she advised me that it would be really damaging to my hair.  I told her I would let her tell me what she thought was best to get me where I wanted to be, she explained everything in detail gave me her recommendations and we agreed on it.  I really appreciated the time that she took rather than just taking my money! Oh and that's the other thing she gave me a price quote up front, I had a lot done so it was pricey but I was glad it was discussed beforehand and not a shocker at the register.  The process took awhile and Jean did become a little frustrated when she began running out of the color she needed.  Other than that everything was great, I'm very happy with the color and cut and have received tons of compliments! I will be a return client.
1 Went in for a simple cut $15 quoted price with Jean. As soon as I showed her my picture, she said I couldn't pull it off. I felt a little insulted since I had the cut before. She informed me that she does not do razor cuts but can do a regular cut then texturize my hair so it will be similar to a razor cut, but the price will now be $20.   I have curly hair, so as she was cutting my hair, it was difficult to see how it would look styled. When I got home and styled it, it was an absolute mess!  My bangs were in varying lengths and my front layers were completely different between the right and left sides. I was thoroughly disappointed and had to get a cut at another salon.    I would not recommend this salon unless you want a simple, plain cut. Save your time and money! Find a new salon!
4 I went here about a month ago after reading good reviews. I made my appointment the day of and got in when I wanted to. The shop itself was on the smaller side but really cute. Susan was my stylist. She was very helpful and made me feel comfortable.  I wanted a edgy cut and partial highlights. She listened to the tee! I asked for lots of layers and that's what I got! She cut it first then highlighted it. The highlights didn't take long at all in the dryer seat, 10 mins I think. She went back through my hair to do something with my layers, can't remember what she called it, but it made it more edgy to me. They weren't just flat and boring. I was thrilled when I left and I didn't even spend that much. I think it was about $60? Which I've spent a lot more on my hair for the same thing. The hair style I got is going to work out for when it grows out. The highlights aren't too extreme to look funny when I have roots. I don't have the money to return to salons all the time for touch ups. She understood that and matched the blonde I wanted! She even gave me coupons that I could use that day at the register, I already had the coupons but it's nice to know she would give you coupons for that same visit.   I will be returning!
5 My husband and I have been going to this salon since the beginning of the year and we both love it. The salon is clean, friendly, professional and affordable. The owner of the salon works on my baby fine hair and she's the best stylist I've had since I've been an adult.   Their prices are very reasonable and we both love going here!
5 Great haircut! Several months ago I had very long hair. After deciding to donate it and go to short hair, I had my hair cut several times and tried various products but had trouble finding a cut I liked. I tried fancy salons and local barbers. I would bring pictures in on my phone of how I wanted my hair to look. Just as I was about to give up and go for a different look I tried Hair'z 2 U and met Jean. She delivered the best cut I've received since chopping my long hair off. She really looked at the pictures I had and explained what she would do to style my hair similarly. It finally looks the way I want without having to really work it. I'll be going back to Hair'z 2 U from now on.
4 Nicole is a talented professional and I would highly recommend her. I am new to the area. Checked the reviews on Yelp.com and am very pleased with the color & color I received today. The salon has great hours and talented staff. Thanks Nicole!
1 I decide since it's been over a year since my last haircut, it's time for an update. I want to get it all--cut, color, highlights. I call, make an appointment for Saturday before a planned girls' night so I can wow everyone, everything is swell so far.  Before we get started she asks the requisite questions, and I point out to her what colors I'm going for. The most important point I make is that I want my highlights to look natural. Just to say it another way, I say flat out, NO BLONDE STREAKS. I also mention my hair is naturally curly, and I never straighten it.  Let's fast forward past the part where she's putting in the foils, chit chatting about how she and her husband love Red Lobster, blah blah, typical salon blather.  At this point some woman comes and rudely asks if Angel can see her now, without an appointment. Instead of saying, "I'm with a customer right now, we can make an appointment or you can come back when I'm finished," she says, "just give me 15 minutes."  Wait. What.  Then Angel starts the color. As she's putting in the color, I can feel she's kind of just slopping it on. It's in my ears, across my forehead, all down my neck. I'm starting to worry, but I'm like hey, maybe she's just making sure it's saturated, she'll make sure she gets it off all my skin, she's a professional. Right?  Apparently not. When it's time to rinse, another stylist at the salon walks by, sees me, and goes, "Oh...Angel..." with a grimace. Now I'm mortified. Angel brushes it off, blames the showercap she had me wear for the color all over my face. She starts scrubbing at my skin like mad with this liquid meant to get off color stains, but it's not working in the slightest.  Then the other woman offers a suggestion...let's rub some cigarette ashes on it!  WAIT. WHAT.  She goes on to explain the situation is so dire, the only thing that will help at this point is cigarette ashes, a trick she learned in beauty school.  So I wish I was joking, but they went outside to the ashtray, got some cigarette ashes and began scrubbing my face with them.  Once my face is raw, they give up and put me in front of a mirror for the first time and I am too furious for words.  Not only is my skin dyed so I look like I had some horrible encounter where the sun NESTED ON MY HEAD and gave me a disease, but I've got these nasty blonde streaks all over and I look like I'm trying to go to Comic-Con as Rogue.  Now the woman who barged in earlier is back, this with a styrofoam box of some really smelly food, and she's sitting right behind me offering up nuggets of wisdom such as, "you don't look very happy. At least you can be grateful, knowing you were happy with what you had before!"  Angel starts combing through it and asks me what I think. "I don't like it," is all I can come up with. She tells me I just need to take some time, get used to it, she thinks it's beautiful.  I'm seething about the tacky blonde stripes, so she finally offers me a "solution."  She can tint it for me for an extra $20!  Unhappy is an understatement, so she hurries through the cut (or maybe she's hurrying because she promised Eating Woman Full of Knowledge that she'd see her 20 minutes ago?). Then she blow dries it out straight, something I also mentioned at the beginning as I never straighten my hair. All the while telling me how pretty it turned out.  I had plans for the evening, I can't go anywhere two inches of my forehead and the top half of my ears dyed bright red!  "Just go home, wash your face, put some makeup over it. In 2 days you, won't even know."  All sorts of comments not appropriate for general audiences go here. Fill in the blanks.
5 I recently moved to Phoenix and was looking for an affordable but good salon near my house.  I must say that my expectations are a lot higher than the average person, so I was pleasantly surprised at the job NICOLE did on my hair (I used to live in Manhattan and paid over $200 for color per month at world renowned salons).  For literally years, nobody has been able or willing to lift my hair to the desired blonde shade.  I am a level 5 and needed to go to a 9 without being brassy or fried.  Most people just wanted to bleach it out and call it a day.  Nicole used her amazing color-line and her expertise allowed her to use a higher level peroxide and mix up the perfect shade of level 9 blonde with level 8 lowlights.  I have had numerous compliments and the blonde is the best all-over color I have had in years.  Not to mention, she is warm and personable.  I also sent my cousin to her and she loved her highlights.  The best part is the rates are incredibly reasonable.  Give her a try.
1 I recently moved to Phoenix and looked up hair cut salons close to my house to get a cut. Based on the reviews, I thought I would try this place out. That was a mistake. I had a #1 fade done and was not impressed at all with the outcome. Luckily for me, my hair grows back fairly quickly, but it is even growing out weird due to the cut. Needless to say, I will not be going back here.
5 Thanks to the positive reviews here on Yelp, I decided to give Hair'z 2 U a try. Ryan did an amazing job on my hair, providing me with the exact color that I was looking for (chocolate brown, NOT too dark!) The cut is perfect, with defined layers and enough length left that I can pull it all up. I really enjoyed my visit, and felt that I was truly being heard.  I really appreciate the welcoming and friendly atmosphere, and am looking forward to future visits!
5 My beautician was retiring and I needed to find a new one.  Jean listened to me about not knowing how to cut my hair as I had been letting it grow.  She pulled out books of hair cuts and showed me several cuts that would look good for my face shape.  After she cut it, she showed me how to blow dry and style my new cut.  I was very impressed with her!!!  She had a very pleasant personality also.  The salon is a very plain shop but it was quiet and peaceful which made my experience very nice!!
5 I followed Ryan from a shop in Avondale. It is a drive for me but I wouldn't want anyone else to cut my hair. I have straight blond hair.  She gives me layers and I know what it's going to do every morning. She's great on any type of hair. Give her a try, you'll love her like I do.
