5 I have had memberships to a few gyms in the valley and YMCA tops.    The gym has more than enough cardio machines, including bikes, eliptical, treadmill and stairmaster.  I have only had to wait a few minutes for an eliptical machine once or twice in over a year.  There are a large assortment of weight machines.    The best part is the classes - yoga, pilates, spin, step, ab-crunch, kickboxing - all included with your membership! There is also an olympic sized heated pool, the Y offers water aerobics, which I have not tried but am definitely thinking about.    Another seller for me was the lack of pretentiousness.  People are here for one reason - to work out.  You won't find girls with full make-up looking to meet their future husband.  It is a family place and I feel very comfortable working out here.
5 Great location in a quiet and scenic community. Clean facilities, very friendly and helpful staff. Lots of cardio and fitness equipment as well as free weights, so even during peak hours any wait would be minimal. Whenever any need for equipment repair arises, it is attended to immediately. Announcements of many varied classes, programs and events are clearly visible. The heated pool is great; I just wish it were open on Sundays, though.
5 I originally joined this Y in '06.  My attendance was sporadic, in part because of the lack of welcoming attitude of the staff.  The one class that keep me going was the Hatha Yoga w/Noreen. I moved out of state for a year for work purposes.  When I returned to AZ in '09, I found out that Hatha Yoga w/Noreen was now offered 4 times a week at this Y.  I promptly joined again.   Sure I go and do cardio and some other things at the Y, and they have a great varity of cardio  machines and there is no waiting for them.  Lots of weights, both machine and free for use.  Again enough so there isn't waiting.  Aqua classes, fitness classes, body pump, ect. are offered.  The gym & locker rooms are clean and the staff there now is much more friendly. But the gem of this Y, in my opinion, is the Hatha Yoga class taught by Noreen.  I have taken yoga classes all over the states and in some pretty fancy yoga studios.  By far the best class, especially for the money since it is included in the Y membership (drop in non-members $5) is the Hatha Yoga by Noreen. She guides you through the poses, encouring you to work to your edge and listen to your body.  Lots of attention is paid to the participants form.  This class is   Tues/Thurs @ 8 am , Fri/Sun @ 9.  The Sunday class is frequently crowded.  Get there early.
4 I volunteer personal train here for the swim portion of triathlons. The pool is a nice size, staff is friendly, lots of classes,  and there is a lot of equipment. For the price it really can't be beat.   Very difficult to secure a volunteer spot (over a month to get it and had some friends turned away...)   Like a lot of cool things, the Y tries to be exclusive by hiding itself in the Thunderbird business campus so be warned so you don't call sounding ridiculous claiming that it doesn't exist like I did ;)
4 Shit is nice as hell!
3 The gym is decently appointed for cardio with lots of treadmills, bikes and ellipticals. They offer classes in martial arts, Pilates, Zumba and aerobics- the usual stuff. There's an outdoor heated pool and a large indoor gym for basketball or volleyball as well as nearby outdoor tennis and handball courts. Not as much resistance training equipment on hand- (no Hammer Strength for working out with heavy weights without a spotter), but there is usually not a terrible wait for using the pulley machines or dumbells. I wish there was more square footage devoted to that area. This is not a good gym if you like to hit on people while you work out- there's very little socializing.  A family membership is super affordable and that enables you to get your kids into the various leagues that they offer year-round. They hire good officials and good sportsmanship values are always first and foremost.  One of the best things about this Y- if you have an elderly or a very young family member who wants to workout with weights, they have a room full of equipment set aside just for them.
4 Large gym that is well-liked and used by the surrounding community. Facilities and machines are several years old, but well-maintained and clean. Same goes for the men's locker room. The full-time employees at the front desk and independent trainers who lead classes are knowledgable and friendly. In almost two years I've hardly ever had to wait in line for a machine.   I see a lot of families coming and going, but kids are always in designated rooms or the pool, never in the main gym. Customers are a cross-section of the neighborhood, including a handful of body builders, some elderly people, lots of middle aged people and young professionals, and some college and high school students.  Students come from all over the US and the world to attend Thunderbird School of Global Management, which shares a driveway with the YMCA. T-bird students get a free membership at the Y and work out at all hours of the day.  The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that it doesn't have the frills of a high-end gym, such as a juice bar, cafe, or spa.
1 Have had my stuff stolen from here TWICE.  Both times I had a heavy lock on the locker door. First time they used bolt cutters and the second time was today when it seems they were able to pick the lock. First time their security camera wasn't even working to see who came out and this time I didn't even bother asking because the person only took my credit cards.  Don't go here!!!
