1 One star means "Eek! Methinks not." So I gave them one star because I know for a fact I will never set foot in that store again. The manager is super nice though...always friendly and courteous and smiling. But after I got the worst haircut I have ever had in May (it is JUST NOW growing out), I am compelled to write a review about them. First, the stylist (a middle-aged lady whose name I forgot) seemed preoccupied, and like she couldn't see all that well. I took THREE PICTURES with me of the same haircut so she could see exactly what I wanted, and I told her exactly what I wanted: A nice precision layered cut that didn't look like a mullet. I watched her cutting and I noticed she didn't cut it the same way as other stylist, that is by holding pieces of the hair straight up (vertically) and then snipping away with the shears. I also asked her to thin it underneath a little so it would lie flatter, and she didn't even do that. I asked her about that and she said oh don't worry it will lay flat. As soon as I got home and shampooed it and styled it I could tell it was a horrible cut. The bangs were way too long and the hair looked like a ginormous bubble head. No amount of flat-ironing even could remove that bubble shape, so I went back the next day and one of the other stylists tried to repair it a little. Her name was Danielle. However, when I asked her to thin it with a razor (which I have had done before at places like Mane Attraction, Rolf's and Arizona Hair Company and it looked great), she said no she didn't want to cut anymore. I just shrugged and left. They didn't charge me for the tweaking. It looked a little better, but still is an awful cut. A cut I struggle with every day and which I HATE SO HARD. So finally it is growing out and I am going to a new salon that I read about here on Yelp that got good reviews. You get what you pay for but Supercuts promises just that - A SUPER CUT. And all I got is a super bad haircut which I hate.  POSTSCRIPT: I found out later that cutting hair straight across gives hair a blunt cut and makes it poof out. Holding sections of hair on the vertical and cutting at an angle makes nice layers that lay nicely as well. DUH!
5 I have get my hair cut here 90% of the time.  Everyone is friendly and I do not have any complaints on my hair cuts.
2 No wonder great clips is taking their business. They just can't get it right. super cuts has a long ways to go in hiring quality stylists if they want to keep up. I have come out twice feeling something is off and I only come here when the Great clips line is too long  The hair stylists are always not always smiling, although the manager is friendly.
