3 BK isn't on the top of my list for fast food... but once in a while I want a bacon, egg, and cheese croissanwich. This place is okay, even though one time I got an icee that was kind of yucky so I had to throw it away - I don't even want to know what happened to it. I'll still come back for my croissanwich though.
2 But they are improving and the rodeo burger is back. Even with that though it is still the worst fast food around.
4 I tried going a taco hell drive thru again ... another one under construction!   What is up with that?!?  So she went to BK... and pretended like I never order fast food, had to drive up to explain just how I wanted my chicken sand... apologized profusely for not knowing the menu.  LOL  They were very nice although they charged me for a soda even though all I asked for was ice.  I have got to stop this fast food track I'm on or I won't fit in my cute new car!  Sometimes it's just so damn convenient and when you are always in a hurry like me, this BK drive thru meets your needs quick!
3 On my way home, getting late, girls are hungry again, already in trouble since it's past their bed time! So what the hell!  The six year old, had a six piece chicken nugget meal, and ice cream. The seven year old had the spicy chicken sandwich meal and ice cream. Now I had the Angry Whopper! Time to start sounding like a commercial! The Angry Whopper has: Sandwich is 1⁄4 lb of savory fire-grilled beef, topped with thick-cut smoked bacon, melted Pepper Jack Cheese, freshly cut iceberg lettuce, spicy onion petals, ripe tomatoes, spicy jalapenos, and smothered with a spicy angry sauce, all on a warm, toasted, sesame seed bun. Pretty Crazy! And you know what? It was good, liked it very much. Would I have it again? Probably not, only because I am afraid to look up the calories and fat on this beast!  But seriously, I try to stay away from fast food. But they are always there when you need them.   Note# Since the seven year old did not order on the kids menu, the manager was still nice enough to give her a toy with the meal. Very nice of him.
