3 This Home Depot seems to attract the most illegal day laborers in the parking lot, though to be fair they tend to congregate more towards the Discount Tire and del Taco by 59th ave.  This Home Depot is about average compared to others, some nice and helpful staff, and some clueless ones as well, especially in the gardening section.  Checkout is frustrating here because so often they demand that you use the self-checkout which I can't stand.
5 I really like this location for Home Depot. It is easy to get to being right off of the 101 freeway.   When ever I go there is always reasonable parking and enough shopping carts.  The employees at this location are easy to find in every isle and are beyond friendly and helpful.  Many just stop me to chit chat with me about my baby.  This to me shows they take an interest in their customers and it makes me feel welcome.  A good note to say also is they can figure out what a "thing a magig" is your looking for and never have looked at me like "OMG we have another stupid women"!  I often bring a picture of what I need and I do not know the names of parts well, they treat me respectfully and often laugh with me rather then at me for my frustrations of being construction handicapped.   The very large selection of items, I always find what I am looking for or something that is equal to comparable.  Prices are reasonable for almost all items. The do have I feel the best pricing for chlorine for pools.  One thing I do not like about this location is there is a lot of static in the place. I am always in flip flops and tend to drag my feet...... so if you do this also bring a cloth to wrap your cart handle with otherwise the metal on the cart will shock you.  This although will not stop me from going back. My son however gets a kick out of me jumping from my shock treatments.  I have not noticed any illegal day laborers hanging out near here as I have read in another persons review.  This however does not mean they are not there but I have not noted any of them so this has not been an issue for me.   I do know some other home depot that this is a huge problem at.  But on that note.... At least these people are looking for a job trying to support their families weather illegal or not.
5 Retail is tough, i don't care who you are.  It's all about the help you receive and it can really be hit and miss. Today was a hit.  I needed a volume control slider for the new speakers on my patio (see my review of SST for more info on that adventure).  The A/V specialist was helping another customer and I could tell he was very knowledgeable and very polite as well.  He wrapped up with the other guy and I explained what I was looking for, thinking they would have a dozen choices.  Turns out, no. Only one choice and they had just reset the aisle and he wasn't sure where the product was as we couldn't find it.  So he goes to find one of those dinosaur-size ladders that warns they are only for employees to use.  He proceeds to go through a number of boxes on the second and third level to find the product, without any success.  At this point it would have been easy and adequate to say, sorry dude, I was mistaken, looks like we don't have it. Oh not, not this guy,  He politely asks if I have time to wait so he can find another pro that might know where the item is.  As Ron White would say, Alright, I'll wait.  The other pro comes over, moves the dinosaur ladder 9 inches to the north and proceeds to find the part i need.  Kudos to both pros and to this HD for great service.    This is my "home" store and they always treat me right, great job!
2 Went into store to get gloves for outside work. I asked for the location and I was sent on wild goose chase. Sad that a employee who was more  interested in their conversation than helping me.
2 This is one of my least favorite Home Depot locations.  This one just seems to consistently let me down compared to others in the valley.  Hard to point specific things, but it just seems less organized and harder to find help.  All else being equal, I'd go to a different location.
5 after having really poor service with Lowes Home Improvement I was so delighted to be taken well care of this morning at home depot. everybody there was courteous and wanted to help me, it is a far cry from what they used to be a couple years ago I'm very pleased with the changes they have made.  its like Lowes and Home Depot flipped in their customer service department, I will be a return customer with the store
