1 I have been going to the Nail Depot for years.  I started at the location on 59th, moved to this location on 67th, and then went to their location in Surprise when I moved out there.  They sold the location in Surprise and so I started going back to the store on 67th a few months back.  I was driving from Avondale to get my nails done because I liked what they did.  However, for 3 consecutive visits, I ended up with green growth under one or more of my acrylic nails.  One was so bad that I noticed it through the acrylic and when they took it off, the entire nail was a dark, nasty green.  I was in tears and when they were done, the lady tried to charge me not only for the fill but also for a nail repair to fix the infected nail!!  I was so angry and when I talked to the old man 'manager,'  all he was willing to do was not charge me for the fix.  I will NEVER return to Nail Depot and am extremely disappointed that more was not done for a long-time customer.
1 This place is awful.  I bring my fourteen year old daughter along for services once in awhile, and on two occasions here they managed to seat me and skip her for other clients that did not have appointments.  They wont accept a tip from your debit/credit card which is pretty inconvenient if you don't carry cash.  They use a cheap base coat in an unmarked bottle that leaves my polish job looking funky. My mother was a loyal client until she got an infection in her toe after a visit.  I don't like to write bad reviews but this place does not deserve your business.
1 I seriously wish I could not even give one star. This place sucks SO bad! The customer service alone is horrible. They point at you and start yelling at the employees in their native tongue while you sit there waiting...oh! did I mention there was a wait? My feet were "pruny" by the time the girl decided to get to me. I decided to get the luxury pedi for the callus remover because let's face it, I'm on my feet all day and I need it. Terrible job, didn't even smooth it out. The massage was timed which is stupid because the girl doing my feet was too busy helping another girl turn on a machine while she was supposed to be massaging me because it's timed. SO not worth the price. Most expensive in the area and I'm wondering it's because we're next to all the snobs over at AJ's Fine Foods...I was generous to give an 8 dollar tip but I didn't even have time to dry my toes. She sprayed some drying stuff on me and assured me it would be fine. Got home, smudged nail polish...FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK! I hate you Nail Depoit of  67th Ave next to snobby AJ's.
4 I've only been to the nail depot once, but I had a great experience.  I went on a Tuesday at 4pm and there was no wait.  They had lots of cute stylish colors and did a great job with the overall pedicure.  The place is reasonably priced, they were friendly, did a great leg/foot massage and a nice paint job.  They also had music playing which I prefer over TVs.
2 Chairs are uncomfortable... The only time they act like they understand  or speak English is when your talking about price & times up for massage.  I liked the cucumber scrub & didn't have to wait long.  Not a bad place to go if in the area but I've been to a lot better.
