1 Getting work done at Audio Express is kind of like the time I went to a baseball game with the worst driver in the world: I really liked being at the baseball game, but in the future I'll get a ride with somebody else.    The good stuff first: They did help me understand my options, they had a good selection of merchandise and the installation work was clean and looked sharp.    Unfortunately, to get to those good things you have to put up with lots of lip service and lies - in fact, not a single verbalized statement that they gave me has turned out to be true.  My quote rose 20% when we went to check out over the verbally quoted price and budget - and I couldn't get a quote on paper at all, only verbal estimates.  Some of the promised discounts on certain products never materialized, either.  Then, installation lasted a full 6 hours longer than promised - which might have been fine if they just came out and said, "Hey, this is going to take a while" - instead, I was strung along with "they are almost done" for several hours.    The finished product (I asked them to install an audio/video system for us) looked fine, but not every component works as expected and while I've been promised it will be eventually corrected, I have to be the one to contact them for support.    At this point, my expectations are extremely low for their follow-through and the long-term use of the system.  The next time I need A/V work done on my vehicles, I'll pay more and go someplace where I don't have to put a seat belt on the minute I step in the door.
1 The stereo i wanted wasnt in stock. They ordered my stereo and then they called and said  it came in but someone sold it, then it was ordered again and lost. I called and left a message twice for a guy I spoke to and was never called back.  They made it very hard for me to spend my money. I finally gave up and went elsewhere. For the amount of money I was going to spend, they treated me like crap.
5 I have to say that this Audio Express saved me all kinds of heartache and absolutely made my day.  About a month ago, I purchased a Pioneer Navigation unit which got very good reviews on several different websites. After a month of use, I was completely dumbfounded on how this unit got the reviews it did. I absolutely HATED the unit. (Enough of the unit, this is a review for Audio Express :) )  I was so upset I thought about selling my vehicle just to get it out of my sight. After the last straw was pulled on this navigation unit I called Audio Express to ask how much it would cost to put the factory radio back in my car. The salesman told me that because I purchased it from them and had it installed by them, they would do it at no charge; and even better, they would upgrade me to a different navigation unit if I chose and all I would need to pay for would be the difference in the cost of units! I was thrilled! Not only did I get rid of the old Pioneer unit I hated, I got a new and better Kenwood unit for a very little difference in cost! The sales people were great both times I went in there. I would highly recommend.   The only thing bad I can say about this location is that both times I went in for the install, they took a bit longer then originally quoted. I suggest they try to under promise and over deliver. This way people aren't standing around frustrated waiting past the estimated completion time and are surprised at how fast the install for their hardware went. To me, this one negative does not constitute a lower star rating.  Thank you again Audio Express! (And no, I am not an employee :P )
5 Just got done having an alarm installed in my '95 Accord and I HAVE TO say:  1.) Remarkably friendly service 2.) Extremely knowledgable employees (listen to everything I said I wanted) 3.) Amazingly affordable prices 4.) Short wait time 5.) Quality service  Jesse there completely hooked me up. He knew right where I was coming from and that this was my first time getting an alarm put on my car (had no idea what to get). He did not once try to hustle me or sell me a more exspenive package or certain brand. Completely loved the staff there. No mess in my after the installation. Would definitely  recommend this audio express to everyone!!! Thank you so much Jesse for your knowledge and wisdom.
3 The employees would rather be on the phone. Rather than the customers that are in the store. Who have cash to buy stuff. Other than that it was a ok place
1 They write the quote on a piece of paper. . Then when I came back ready to buy he changed what he had included. . Charged for more parts... they made an ugly hole to put the USB cable. . Look like they just used a  screw driver to break the plastic making ugly cracks. .. they didn't returned my original back up camara.. just "went missing" and they sold me another one for $200!...  I had 2 cars done the same day.. bought alarm with remote start and stereos with big screen for both. .. I would not buy there again. . Parts shouldn't go missing and if they do they should pay for it... and i wish they did a more clean work. .. I've done this before at best buy and never had this problems with them... plus they shouldn't keep adding more things. .. If I ask for specific things to be done it's not my fault that the guy was forgetting to tell me about all the parts I needed to buy.. He should be the expert.  This cost me about $2500 and I was not satisfied with the job.
1 Bought my wife a new 2014 SUV, wanted to get a remote start system set up. Called this place EARLY in the am on a weekday, they didn't have time to talk numbers or systems and took my number and name to call back. 2 days and still waiting on that call....thanks Best Buy for same day service & install!
1 A disappointing visit.  They have very small stock, high prices, and the employees really don't know the products.  Some of the demo units couldn't really be tried out because they hadn't wired up the parking brake lockout, or didn't have the USB connector available.  They couldn't really answer my questions, and instead chatted about meaningless stuff.  They recommended things I told them weren't going to meet my needs.
5 The satellite module in my car radio went out.  After much bashing of teeth, my husband and I decided to try Audio Express near the house.  We had been encouraged by a friend of ours.  I don't know what I expected (I was intimidated I guess given my utter lack of electronic ability), but we were pleasantly surprised.  Ended up replacing the radio w/ a Kenwood Excelon KDC-598.  All the bells and whistles.  Our sales rep, Matt, was excellent. He was knowledgeable about the products in the store, patient with me (see above statement in parens...utter lack of...) and friendly.  And, the price was pretty darn good as well.  All in all a great experience.    We have some other audio needs for our motorhome.  We will definitely be back.  I didn't fill out the "price range" below because you can spend as little or as much as you want here.  They are happy to work with your budget.  Don't be afraid of being up sold.  Nice guys work here.
