5 Michelle and her husband Lee are amazing at doing nails.  They are seriously the 2 best in the place. Michelle does my nails so fast and accurately. And she has so many cute ideas to do with my nails.  LOTS AND LOTS of colors to choose from.  Pay $3 extra for the gel..  It is SO worth it!!  And Lee..  That man can give one hell of a great pedicure.  He has great muscle for a great massage..  But yet is very creative and precise when it comes to my toes. I am so thankful I found them! Been going there for at least 8-9 years now!!  Plan on going to them forever!!
4 My mom and I are definite fans of Lee, Michelle and their staff.  We get our mani/pedi's how we like them, with clean, careful and consistent and always creative attention.  We LOVE how their nail designs are like jewelry for finger & toe nails.  The spa chairs are always clean, in great condition, have massage.  There are tons of nail polish colors to choose from and also the latest shades of Gel colors and several shades of fill powders.  Warmed lotion and hot rag wraps are welcome extras with the pedicures.  We've had to use other salons while traveling and we always appreciate coming back to Nail Club.  Thank you all and Happy New Year!
5 Michelle and her husband Lee are amazing at doing nails.  They are seriously the 2 best in the place. Michelle does my nails so fast and accurately. And she has so many cute ideas to do with my nails.  LOTS AND LOTS of colors to choose from.  Pay $3 extra for the gel..  It is SO worth it!!  And Lee..  That man can give one hell of a great pedicure.  He has great muscle for a great massage..  But yet is very creative and precise when it comes to my toes. I am so thankful I found them! Been going there for at least 8-9 years now!!  Plan on going to them forever!!
5 My Mom and I love Lee and Michele, the husband and wife team that own this store. They make you feel so special the moment you walk in the door. They even call you by your first name. I've had Michele do my manicure and pedicure she is so fast and accurate, if you need to be in and out and don't have time to relax she's perfect! Lee has always done my moms pedicure and does it the right way. He knows exactly what to do with her callus feet and cracks jokes all the time. I moved farther away so I'm not in there as often as I should but I will make a 45 minute drive if I have to to come here!
2 I got liquid gel nails done about a week and half ago at this salon.  It was empty when I walked in and the employees were sitting around not very concerned they had a customer.  The salon was old, outdated and not clean. The nail tech didn't do a good job and I showed her when I was about to pay and she had to redo all my nails. It was a very long process and I was still not satisfied after. My nails look horrible today after only a week and half.  Disappointed.
