5 I bring my dog here to get groomed and they always do a great job!
5 Needed to leave our pup at doggie daycare in Phoenix at the last minute, in the midst of a cross-country trip. Petsmart Petshotel came through and made the process a breeze, even over a holiday weekend. Easy to deal with, and our pup loved it. :)
1 PetSMART?? More like PetDUMB. I went here this morning to find a dog food not tainted by the recent recalls. I encountered two clueless idiots that had no idea which dog foods are manufactured in a Diamond plant. Seriously - if I go to a pet store (even a big chain like PetDUMB), I feel I should be able to talk to someone that is knowledgeable in the dog food. No such luck here... Guess I'll keep looking.
4 Picked up some goodies here for my moms dog. Employees here were friendly.  We loved to see the other dogs shopping with their people :)
1 Terrible grooming experience both times, I'm never coming back. My little yorkie's dew claws weren't trimmed, her head is buzzed while the rest of her body remained long. But most importantly (to me at least) was that the staff wasn't compassionate towards her at all which made me nervous to leave her with the grumpy groomer. My little girl is my world and I know she's apprehensive so a little cooing and not cringing at her kisses would make a huge difference when I hand her over. I'm so angry I wasted money here.
1 I will never shop here again. Between the aisles of imported Chinese toys and treats stand employees with eyes and minds as vacant as the display aquariums at the front of the store.
2 It's amazing how one bad experience can sour the memories of all previous encounters...  We adopted our super-sweet 40 lb dog from Halo within this store a couple of years ago. She went through the poppy training program and has been getting her nails trimmed regularly here. We also regularly purchase fish and pet food from this store without incident.  Last week my husband brought in the dog to get her nails filed down. After waiting around for the staff to get organized and after two other people who came in after him were helped first, he was finally addressed. When he went to sign the paper, the girl quickly reached towards our dog and it startled her causing her to nip at the worker. She didn't gently introduce herself at all and understandably, the dog got scared. Our dog is around our 9 month old and other Children all the time and has never nipped or bit at anyone so this was very out of character. After this incident, my husband was told to leave and that they wouldn't trim the nails. He offered to muzzle her and they said no. After all of this time, money and service, they are now refusing to trim the puppy's nails when it could have been avoided if the girl had just gently and calmly introduced herself before taking the dog.  Disappointing.
1 Today I took my fifteen month old shepherd lab mix to this location for a training seminar called "Loose leash Walking," I was the only one to sign up for this.  I thought I was very lucky upon hearing that because myself and my dog would receive excellent customer care as a result. I was so sadly wrong. The trainer who was aloof at best, spent most of our time trying to sell me a harness she recommends that petsmart so happen to carry. I guess she did not notice my dog was wearing a nearly identical one at the time, she also spent time trying to sell me some treats. She taught my dog nothing he didn't already know, and just when I couldn't be discouraged enough she had me walk down the isles of the store with him so that she could observe and when I turned the corner to look at her, she was no where in sight.  My dog and I were her only priority yet for some reason gossiping with her coworkers two isles over with her back to us seem to be much more important.  The seminar was supposed to last 1 hour, she ended it in 35 minutes, by saying "if there's more people it would typically last longer." She also spent some time trying to get me to enroll in her intermediate class. I declined.
5 Great place to go shopping for the little furry members of the family.  Nice that you can take them with you.  Employees are very friendly and they have a wide variety of items to chose from.  I have yet to utilize their training classes, but from what I have seen from the rest of the store I can say its a safe bet its just as good.
1 A small victory!   http://www.startribune.com/lifestyle/260096551.html
