5 What Ale's Ya is the ideal home brew supply shop. The owner/operator is super friendly and always willing to help you out .   Whether you're a seasoned home brewer needing advice on how to perfect a recipe or a first timer looking for a lesson in how to brew beer, they will be happy to help you out.  You can find everything you need to start brewing beer, wine and soda, as well as a full selection of pre-boxed recipe kits as well as all the grains, malt extracts, hops and yeasts to make your favorite batch. They also have a good selection of books and guides.  The best investment (and the largest) I've made at What Ale's Ya is their Kegging kit which contains all the equipment to start kegging your own 5 gallon batches of beer. It saves a ton of time and the owner walked me step by step through what seemed like a really intimidating and difficult process, but after his help I'll never bottle my beer again!  Prices are reasonable and the service makes this the only place in the valley I'll go to get my supplies now.   Home brewing is a great hobby and not enough of the shop owners have a true passion for spreading the joy of brewing, these guys really do!
5 I love beer so I started brewing beer. For something like brewing beer I figured and heard that it is worth going to a local homebrew store and getting the down low. What Ales Ya is the closest store to my house about 30 minutes each way. The drive is completely worth it as all other posts here point out.  We were greeted as we came in and once I let them know I wanted to start brewing beer their excitement level grew. They walked me though every aspect of brewing the brew kit I wanted to do (Hop Nog 2010) and even talked me out of going glass.  I posted about my first brewing experience here and will update as the process continues. http://bit.ly/eN44JU
5 Just started home brewing last September and the guys here at What Ale's Ya made the process super simple and easy. Chuck walked me through every step and put it out in terms that even the simplest of minds can understand such as myself. As I have slowly progressed in this new hobby they have still been there with advice to help me improve recipes and also for equipment to start going all-grain and kegging.
5 My husband could spend hours here talking beer... and I'll let him. Seriously, though... knowledgeable people, inviting shop. Can't go wrong here.
3 I hate to be the first place to not love this place, but hear me out. I have been in here a few times recently as I am new to home brewing and I am getting quickly addicted. I don't know nearly as much as I would like to on the subject, but I can't be the only newbie walking into this store.   The first time I walked into this store I had a great experience, however this most recent visit was less then satisfying. The gentleman that was helping me seemed very knowledgable but very abrasive. Every question I asked seemed like a burden to him. I appreciate local business and I truly want to support them, but I would rather order my supplies online then deal with the trouble of feeling stupid in the store.
1 I don't know who the young fat guy is with the Mohawk is (who hasn't realized he's not in high school anymore), but he has drawn the last straw for this buyer. I have been in there four times now and dealt with him, and gotten nothing but snobbish attitude from him. Chuck, the owner, is always helpful, but unfortunately is not there a lot.   The problem with home brewing, and buying supplies for such, is that occasionally you run into these people. They have all the knowledge and don't feel that they should share that knowledge with up and comers. That guy is exactly that type of person, and the one reason I will be going elsewhere from now on. Today he actually had the nerve to say "We don't recommend that, but if you want, we'll always make a sale."   Very disappointed.  They have all the supplies you could need for home brewing, and as long as you get Chuck or the other older guy you will be fine, and even have a great experience. That fat young guy is zero help and should be in an unemployment line with all the other delinquents.
