3 Has anyone, EVER, left a UHaul so happy with their customer service that they wish they rented more trucks from them?  UG.  Luckily I just went to have my propane refilled, which took, of course, way longer than it should have.  I went in to pay and the line was already filled with happy customers 5 deep scowling and waiting for appointments.  They are a necessary evil.  I can't say I've ever had a better experience with another truck rental place though.
5 Picked up a small trailer for a one week rental...took a little while b/c they were busy (a good sign in my book), and the service was very friendly. No issues dropping it off, and they were gracious when I was a little past their normal rental time. I'll def use them again
3 The staff's Service and customer service was excellent.  I just want to advise that 1 UBox does NOT move an entire 1 bedroom (small couch, queen bed, dresser, and coffee table). Also that your end total will be more than your quote due to things like insurance, truck and trailer you need to pick up and drop off ubox, and other small expenses I didn't calculate in like locks, etc.  I had my 2 uboxes in storage for a couple of months and then shipped to another state in which all of my things where in perfect condition and arrived in 2 or 3 days which was amazing. Also, I used movinghelp.com, which uhaul suggested, and they where by far the best movers I've ever used.
1 Regarding UHaul's "Family of Companies," poor customer service, illegal policies, rudeness, and inability to understand the definition of words used on their own contacts:  I ordered a U-Box from UHaul and picked it up (and returned it for shipping) on 6/12. As per their confirmation email to me, it was GUARANTEED to arrive at it's final destination 6/22. It did not arrive until 6/26. I was informed by a local UBox representative that it would be no problem to get the UBox sent to a slightly more convenient location. I kept in touch with her for several days and she then told me she had tried to speak to the shipping department.The shipping department had told her there was no way to change the destination without calling the (undisclosed to me) third party shipping company. Then they told her they couldn't do that as they didn't have a working telephone number for the shipping company!!!!  Every call I have made to UHaul, be it a specific location, regional office, or corporate headquarters has been handed off when I ask about getting a partial refund. Every person directs me to call another office. When I was finally able to get in touch with the originating Madison, WI office, the person I spoke with (supposedly the shipping manager- Brandon Fiddler) was incredibly rude to me as said flat out "I see it was shipped late. That's how it goes. I'm not giving you anything." I called corporate, after speaking to this man, I was told that I apparently threatened legal action so they won't speak to me any longer and have closed my case? Seeing as how I never threatened legal action, I find this preposterous, and I challenge them to produce the recording I did so in, since they record all phone conversations. UHaul has taken moving, an already stressful experience, and made it completely miserable. I have spent more than 7 hours on the phone with them, and can't get any resolution at all, and generally, receive nothing but insolence. They love to tell you that you have to contact the originating office or the receiving office or corporate or that the people you need to speak to are all away at the moment and have wildly unpredictable hours.  In addition to all of this, I had initially rented a trailer as well, and had a hitch installed on my car. The day comes to go get my trailer and they (surprise) don't have it. They make me drive out to the middle of friggin' nowhere to get it, 5 minutes before this gas station that does UHaul on the side is closing. We do the paperwork and he's ready to connect my trailer- except the hitch is incomplete! I had to run around this tiny town trying to find the remaining parts and lucky for me this nice guy stayed late. What a complete nightmare.  Update: A very nice guy at the original location approved roughly 30% of my expenses/ demand for money back. But that only happened AFTER I filed a complaint with the BBB, which is still going back and forth. FILE A COMPLAINT WITH BBB ASAP, that is likely the ONLY way they will even pay attention to you. Also, do some googling on it, their customer service isn't the only thing they like to pass blame from office to office on. If you sue them, you have to sue the corporate office in Phoenix. They will say it's a family of franchise companies and pass the blame, but that's how the actual law behind it works, and they will lose.  Oh- in addition, in the process of researching, I found this guy's story, READ IT. http://dontuseuhaul.com/index.htm  I encourage you ALL to file small claims against one of the WORST companies I have literally ever dealt with in my life (and that includes Charter)!
