2 I ordered at the drive thur, got the order taken and confirmed all the items I ordered.  Paid for the food and got a receipt back that is blurred and not sure what they are charging or what I ordered.  Oh well, I drove forward.  The guy says hello and then informs me that the chicken sandwich will be more than a 5 min wait so I need to park the car in the front of the store.  OK, the wait was about 6 mins but when I got home....we were missing fries and a drink.  =(
1 I have to applaud this McDonalds for putting underachievers to work. Not every restaurant would take a chance on employees and managers who have no ability or desire to answer questions on menu items or read a list of ingredients to determine if allergens are included. Even when I asked the Shift Manager to read the packaging for the list of ingredients, she held tight to the values of the mediocre, and did nothing to help (well she flipped a placemat over a couple times and said she had calorie counts).  Gotta love that determination.
2 Wow, the wait at the drive-thru is painful in the heat!  Even with the air-con.   I don't know if because it was extremely hot and humid that this wait seem to take forever.  But prior to going through the drive-thru, we had parked on the other side of the building and I walked to the other side to use the restroom, taking my casual time.  By the time I returned the same car was still at the drive-thru.  And when we finally made our order and received it, it seemed as though it was too long to wait for a drink.  Take caution:  there are quite a few homeless hanging in the area.
2 Pros. Food was fast about 2 min. Quarter pounder was cooked to order and very warm. Guy at register understood me and even helped me save a little money with my order but giving me a meal instead of ordering separate that's why I'll give 2 stars instead of one  Cons Fries were soggy and cold. Ketchup dispenser was so dirty I didn't want to touch it. Mcnuggets were cold and way to crispy.   I wouldn't normally chose a McDonald's but I needed fast food before I ran back across the street to the hospital to be with my girlfriend. I won't come here again while she's in the hospital.
1 Wow.  I was told fries weren't ready and to park in reserved parking.  15 min later the cashier came out and served the car behind me.  Walking into the restaurant the server with the pixie haircut gave me a vacant look, asked me to confirm my order and then walked away when I asked why I was served second.        The real treat was to come.  As I looked into the bag, the fries were old and the quarter pounder had no meat in it.  Outstanding job gang!!!
