4 Map isn't quite right.  It's on the NW corner of 67th Ave. & Deer Valley in the Basha's shopping center.  Hand tossed crust pizza is excellent, especially the crust - lightly cripy on the outside, and moist chewy dough on the inside.  Cheese and toppings were very good, and the appetizers were a decent value as well.  Most notable is the summer beer special, all day every day (not just some lame happy hour in the mid afternoon) whereby you can get pitchers of beer for $6.50 or $7.50 for premium, and discounted prices on mugs as well.  That is a remarkable price given the norm for beer today.  Service was good and parking not a problem.  This is a good "go to" spot when you're looking for a reliable meal that is tasty and affordable, with good convenience in parking, seating, and service.
3 Fairly low key place that isn't too busy on weeknights.  They have good value with pizza specials & draft beer specials, though the draft beer selection isn't very large.  Plenty of parking and friendly service.  Pizza is just alright though.
1 I have to give atleast one star? No zero stars huh?   So last night my family got together to watch the Cardinals Monday Night Football game and to eat some pizza. We decided to have delivery to my Dad's house which is off the grid of every other pizza place delivery zones. SO, Streets of New York delivers to my dad's house.   After ordering 2 large pizzas and some wings- Total 60 BUCKS not including tip.   The gal told us it wont be more than an hour to receive the pizzas. We are maybe 3 miles from them by the way.  OK, its monday night football- understandable.   59 Minutes later exactly the door bell rings- we start heckling the delivery guy a little about being "on time" he then proceeds to tell us sorry and that he is the only driver on duty tonight. huh? I know its preseason but still its our team on MNF!  Whatever- we are starving at this point. We open up the pizza and wow- that it? The pizza is cold, very little toppings and the wings are soggy and not very flavorful at all! For 60 bucks!!  We will never go back and will make the drive ourselves to go pick up the pizza at Barro's Pizza.
5 Awesome pizza and great salads! I have had pizza delivered twice now.  The first time the pizza arrived on time and the second time it arrived very early.  I have dined in once now and had good service.  They have several italian dishes on their menu but I go for the pizza.
4 This place is on the top end of dirty ol pizza joints. I come from Seattle and most of the pizza joints are all gourmet and fancy, which is good, but from time to time it's good to have just dirty ol pizza. This place does it and does it well. It has an extensive menu and cheap beer. I mean cheap GOOD beer. While Blue Moon isn't the bees knees, it's many notches above crizzap like budweiser and such. I got a huge 25 oz glass for $5.50!! That's unheard of in Seattle. That made my day. :)
3 We go to this rest. mainly because it's between my kids school and home and there's a DQ across the parking lot.  The pizza is good (don't bother w/ the glueten free unless you've got a bet going)  I mean who goes to a pizza place if they're on a diet anyway. seriously.  Anyway we usually get a pizza and a sallad or app. The lights are always dimming like someone is getting electricuted in the back room... it's annoying. but the staff is ok, and if they screw up your order or forget something they are good about comping you. Again it's a good solid 6 on a 0-10 scale but the convienent location is the why we've gone back there maybe once every 1.5 mos.
4 Good food, good service and a place where everybody knows your name like in cheers.  Great family atmosphere.  Really good pizzas!!!
5 Best Pizza Pie in the Valley!  My new fav is the thin crust with pepperoni...Canadian Bacon....sausage!!  Try it you will become a fan also......that is unless your dating a Vegen!!!!!
5 They have good food. Been eating here since I moved down 10 years ago. I like their toasted subs and the pizza is excellant! My husband likes the wings and bread knots. Happy Hour is also a bonus.   They are Phoenix Suns sponsors and host the Gorillla during the season. My kids loved eating thier gluten free pizza and meeting the famous Suns Gorilla! Very relaxed family friendly atmosphere. Always welocoming you with a smile when you enter.
4 Pretty good pizza and wings here, We have been going here for years and they used to deliver to us when we were closer by.  Even the delivery guy knows me pretty well.  They now have gluten free pizza that tastes pretty good and that makes my wife and son happy.  I like the honey BBQ chicken wings and service is pretty good here also.  Casual atmosphere, few TV's with a game on, and even a few seats outside.
5 I love this place!  I have been going here pretty consistently for 2-3 years and the staff is great!  Happy Hour is always a winner, and the beer is always served in a very frosty mug.  This is our go-to place when we want fast, friendly, delicious service.
2 It has been about 6 years since we dined at streets of New York. This time we ordered a thin and crispy pizza, a Caesar salad and bread knots. From my memory the pizza was better than I remember but not great.   However, the salad was not edible in fact we took it back.  The romain was brown and at least 4 or five days past it's prime.   They took it back without any Question and comped us a piece cheesecake in good faith.  Who ever prepared our meal should be totally embarrassed....        I don't think we will go back..
1 Food was Good. Service was horrible.  When we asked to speak with the manager to confirm something he proceeded to shout from where he was. Didn't even bother to come to the table. Incredibly rude.    Will not be a returning customer.
4 We go in about once a week. The chicken is DELICIOUS! The thin and crispy pizza is good. The service is hit or miss. Last night, the service was a miss. It wasn't busy, I was one of maybe three tables in the place and we had a hard time getting our server to the table. Each time I needed her, she was talking with other employees and just hanging out.  We ordered our pizza without peppers, it came with them. We didn't want to wait for another pizza so we picked them off. I was a bit disappointed that she was so flip about it saying "I even wrote it down but didn't put it in the computer". Didn't offer to discount or even apologize.  Seems when they are busy we get better service...
4 I apologize, my previous comment should have been for Streets of New York at 19th ave and Happy Valley.
