2 Free popcorn.  I'm a sucker for popcorn. I could have just eaten a huge, decadent meal, and I can always nibble on some popcorn. It's my favorite snack.  So, what does this have to do with Palm Valley Cinemas? Well, essentially, one of the only good things about this place is that you get a free large popcorn just by showing your adult ticket at the concession stand. You have to know this somehow because there is no signage indicating this deal. How did I hear? A friend of my husband who practically lives at this movie theater.  The other OK thing about Palm Valley Cinemas is that if you live in Goodyear, it's the closest movie theater. But, I would happily drive to the Harkins at the 101 and I-10 or even the AMC at Westgate to never smell the funky oddness that permeated the hallway entering our screen room.   The chairs are not uncomfortable, but everything is, well, quite old and tired-looking.   I would never choose Palm Valley Cinemas for a long-awaited film, but to catch a quick flick on the fly, it's not completely horrible.  And, free popcorn!
2 The free popcorn is a nice perk, but agree with the useful feedback from Jennifer that it is just an older / showing it's age theater that is better for a spur of the moment movie vs. say premiere of Batman or the like.    I think it's days are #'d thou, once the Harkin's comes into the Estrella Falls mall (once that happens).
1 This place is cheaper than other theaters, and that is the only positive thing. Every time I have been here there is an issue with the sound. The sound is either very very low or not present at all during the previews. This really irks the crap out of me. I really like to see what new movies are coming out. Every time I have complained I am told that the sound will be fine once the movie starts, not OK, and because of it I would rather spend a little more somewhere else!!
3 @ Chris and @ Amber, Estrella Falls; that's old news!  but when they build it, that will be cool...   10 years?...  I like Palm Valley Cinemas...  but everyone is right, you get what you pay for...   I don't know if the free popcorn is still happening, but I'm going to try it!!  I do know they have  a 'Sunday Special" that you have to ask about, two drinks and a large popcorn for $6....  not bad.  Okay, so it's not the best place.... but it can be a value it you know what you're getting into...
3 $5 is the saving grace! Great deal on tickets and snacks on Sundays!
4 Quiet theater. Never packed. I wish locals would visit more. We need to keep in business.
2 I took my 4 year old niece here to see Cars 2. She enjoyed it despite the lack luster service of this theater.  1) They had very limited concessions. My niece wanted a hot dog and a slushy. They had neither. OH, they have that on the menu, they just didn't actually have them to sell just then.  2) The popcorn was dry and really just yuck!  3) When we got inside the theater, all the previews played with no sound. It's hard enough to keep a little kid sitting in the dark theater with sound. Then someone had to go complain and they finally turned the sound on.  4) My niece wanted to cuddle next to me and the seat arm rests did not raise up like in most theaters, so she could not which upset her since she was used to having that option at other theaters.  I love the movies and usually no matter what I see, I enjoy the experience. That wasn't the case here. It was very much like a "dollar" theater experience only I didn't pay a discounted price.   I see some people talking about 5.00 sundays or something, maybe they stock up on concessions and do a better job then, I don't know, but my experience was a bad one. Next time will drive a little farther and find an AMC.  If you are going to have a local theater and want it to stay in business you need to compete with service as well as price for some people. I would rather pay more and have a better experience.
3 How can you beat 5 dollar admission on Sundays, any movie.  This movie theater is old and there is no stadium seating, but it's close to home and is mostly never crowded. So go and enjoy a movie, you'll probably send more on snacks than a sunday admission ticket.
1 Wow, dirty bathrooms, dirty concession stand. Just eww.
1 Even though we hate it, my family has been to this theater many times because it is close to home and never too crowded. After today though, we will NOT be going back. We have a long list of complaints about this place and today we were treated extremely rudely by a manager, which just really struck a nerve with us. This theater has not even one changing table in any of their bathrooms, and we were in a situation today where we left the movie to search for one. After a few minutes of looking to no avail, we realized we would have to just leave and take our daughter to Target to change her, so since we would be missing a major chunk of the movie, we wanted our money back for the tickets. This was the end of the world for the manager, who treated us very rudely and did not care at all about the situation. After us standing there refusing to walk away he finally, and rudely, said that he would give us re-admit tickets even though he should not be doing that. No apology or anything. Even if this didn't happen today, I still will not be going back because 1) The bathrooms are absolutely filthy, not well lit, do not contain sanitary seat covers (forcing you to sit on the dirty seat with no barrier), contains broken knobs on the sinks, explicit writing in the stalls, and I frequently encounter smeared feces inside the stalls on the walls in the ladies room. It is just so disgusting. The bathrooms themselves are also kind of creepy. The lights will sometimes just turn off without warning (happened to my boyfriend while he was inside), or some stalls will be randomly dark and so the bathroom at the front of the theater is kind of scary to walk into when you are alone. Besides this, they 2) frequently serve old popcorn, and act like theres a problem when you ask for new popcorn that is fresh. 3) The seats in the theaters are dirty and smell and some of them have cut marks in them. 4) The armrests don't go up, the floors are always sticky, and there is guaranteed to usually be either a sound or picture problem when you are waiting for the film. This theater honestly doesn't even deserve one star, in my opinion.
2 ~Before you read my review, just keep in mind that I'm a Hypochondriac~   A celebration, of course is what compelled me to come here to celebrate, to celebrate my cousin getting another stripe on his belt in Kung Fu.    I had been here once before ( though it was an early morning movie, so it might've been cleaner then), and the experience was okay. It was a short movie, so I didn't spend much time in the "theater", nor did I step foot into the bathrooms. But, alas, my messed up perception would soon change.   Though, before I go into details, I must confess that I've been to elite theaters, like iPic and beyond, so I might be just a bit of a cinema snob.   When we got there, to the ticket booth outside, it looked like a fine place, like the last time that I had been there. We got our tickets and rushed in, since it happened to be a chilly night.     The concession stand was alright, it just had the basics, (and after my second experience, I wouldn't buy anything that could possibly be contaminated) but the good thing was that we only needed popcorn and drinks. Unfortunately, splitting a large popcorn is tough since they only have little soda cups, so it was not as convenient  as getting trays like they have at Harkins.    So far, it was okay. When we got into our screen room, I noticed that it was a bit old (and someone etched a gang sign in a nearby flat wood area by the balcony) but still, all good.   The sound and picture quality was alright for the kind of theater this is, but obviously it could of been better.    The problem truly arose when I went to the bathroom. As I was walking, wondering where the bathroom was, I found one by our theater in the back. BIG MISTAKE! I, for a quick second, thought that maybe there was a bathroom in the front, but I just decided to go to the one that I saw.    As I walked in, I froze. Ick! All I saw was outdated equipment like the sinks, and the toilet! Don't even get me started on the stalls! No seat covers, crude graffiti ALL OVER the stall doors, uneven paint (from spray painting over the graffiti) old, disgusting toilets, and now, when I read these reviews, apparently sometimes they have feces smeared all over the walls!? Ugh. THESE PEOPLE ARE F***ING ANIMALS!!! THAT'S EXTREMELY UNSANITARY, EVEN SOMEONE WHO WASN'T A GERMAPHOBE WOULD SAY THAT!!!!!   Oh, where was I? Well, anyways, after the movie, I was told that there were bathrooms in the front of the theater.  I WISH SOMEBODY WOULD'VE TOLD ME THAT, BUT THERE WEREN'T ANY STAFF AROUND!!! I didn't feel like exploring this demonic hellhole anymore so I quickly left.                                 ~This has been a ChibiNarwhal Yelp rant~
3 Typical.
3 Love the $5 Sunday! An older theater with not so great seats or sound system. But they have great deals on the popcorn and pop. $5 Sunday is good for new premiering movies too! Can't complain about the great price !
4 $5 movies on Sundays before 6 pm and a large popcorn and 2 small drinks with free refills for $7... Where else can you see a flick for 2 people and have soda and popcorn for less than $20. No Where!   Polite and helpful staff are a huge bonus That being said this theater is older and the bells and whistles are all worn out. If I want to see a movie any other time I'll go elsewhere but if I can make it on a Sunday I'll be here!
1 I actually don't mind this theater since it's close to home, but we went to the Amc at arrowhead earlier this week and I believe it was about $2 less per ticket and was totally renovated with reclining leather seats with foot rests. Pal valley theater is just too expensive for its unrenovated status.   Will stick with harkins at park west or arrowhead Amc.
3 Nothing fancy.  It's close to home and usually less crowded. The theaters are in rough shape.. It started raining inside the theatre when we were watching Pompeii.  Staff is usually nice, popcorn is fresh, and they offer unsweetened ice tea which is nice..
2 I want to like this place more, I really do. While I agree with most of the descriptions of general shabbiness, my largest complaint is with the snack bar. The only non-candy food items on offer are hot dogs (none for me, thanks...), pop corn (nope...) and nachos, and on at least three occasions I've placed my order, only to be told, "Sorry, we're out of nachos." Really? It's the first matinee on a Tuesday (or Wednesday...or Thursday...) and you're out of something? That's just poor management right there. I've given you many opportunities to shine, only to be let down more often than not.  For me it boils down to this: If I'm gonna go 25 miles to see a movie here, I may as well go 30 miles to your nearest competitor, where I can get a pretzel or a small pizza. Or even nachos.
4 Friendly staff, comfortable seats, good sound, and cheap refreshments make this a cinema that I would for sure go back to.
