5 I absolutely love this office. My son is 9 months old and has been seeing Dr. Lombard here for his entire life lol. We had picked another pediatrician in the office, and Dr. Lombard happened to be on call when I delivered and we decided to stick with her. She always has the same MA, Maria. She's very sweet and great with our son. The entire staff is wonderful.
4 Headed into the new offices for the first time today, they're great!  A lot more room to move which is nice.  My only major complaint in the almost 3 years we've been with Dr. Lombard and Great Destinations is once my mom came in with us for a check up and Dr. Lombard directed the entire conversation at her.  I found that to be not only rude but frustrating.  I asked the question, he's my son, please talk to  me.  The other staff is fantastic though, everyone is friendly and helpful.
4 I like the care provided, but I don't like the difficulty of getting appointments and the fact that Sat.'s are reserved only for urgent care issues and that well checks cannot be done on Sat. even if seeing a nurse practitioner and not an actual MD.
5 We've been going to Great Destinations for 6 years now.  We love them!  My daughter and son both adore Dr. Gettleman.  We have had great experiences with the other doctors in the office too.  Highly recommended!
5 The office is awesome. It is painted everywhere with fun cartoons to keep kids eyes busy. The Service is excellent, Dr. Sheppard is super knowledgeable and great with working with little ones. A close friend recommended this place to me and they have never let me down.
5 The all the doctors and amazing staff are awesome here! Childcare at its finest!
5 We were referred here by my wife's OB/GYN and we couldn't be happier. The staff is super friendly and very attentive. I don't think we've ever waited for more than 5 minutes in the waiting room and more than 5-10 in the room to see the doc. I like the fact that they have separeate "Sick" & "Well" waiting rooms!
4 We've been going here for three years, and have visited for well visits, sick visits, and emergencies. The doctors and staff are always friendly and helpful. I appreciate that they have both a healthy and sick waiting room. They generally run on time and are organized and efficient. I have nothing bad to say at all.
1 I have been taking my kids to Great Destinations since my first child was born in 2008. After 5 years of loyal service, three children, and multiple visits we have come to feel a part of their family.... until today when we got a phone call saying we can't come back because we missed 3 appointments... in five years I might add. I understand that policy; however, I think it is simply ridiculous when you look at the big picture. I think missing 3 appointments in one year or three consecutive appointments or something like that makes more sense.   Furthermore, I didn't even know I had missed three appointments in that length of time. It would be prudent for their office to inform you when you've missed two so you can be more aware of it. I'm really flabbergasted at this point, however, I will gladly take my business elsewhere.  Goodbye!
5 We have been going to Great Destinations since 2003.  Both my children see Dr. Gettleman and love him!!!  We consider him as "family." The office staff is always friendly and the nurses call back in a timely manner when I have questions.  I never have a problem getting a same day appointment when my children our sick. Can't say enough about how wonderful Dr. Gettleman and his staff are!!!
5 Have been going here for over 7 years now. Dr. Prentice is just awesome. She's great with all 4 of my kids. And even though we don't come in all that often, she always remembers my kids names and everything about them. It's a very clean and organized office too.
1 Healthcare is supposed to a collaboration between health care professionals and the patient. This place has a philosophy that they know best and you need to be taught. I think they might be well intentioned but they are completely misguided. To them, a child is never sick. They always have a virus and everything will be fine. In fact, they will talk down to you if you raise any concern beyond that unless they agree with you. Its a very condescending way to treat people. This practice works wonderfully until something is actually wrong! We got this treatment from the office for 3 months until we finally switched doctors. Our concerns were brushed aside. There is nothing wrong we were told. Turns out, our daughter has asthma along with severe allergies that exacerbate the symptoms. How long would they have brushed us off? Months? Years? I am glad we decided to switch pediatricians when we did. I do not recommend this place at all.
