5 My mother and aunt, who have traveled to Phoenix in the past, have always used and have been happy with Sun City Express. This recent trip was no different. They called us the night before to remind us of when they were coming. They are great about sticking to their schedule. It would have been $100.00, but since there were three, it was $55.00 plus a $10.00 tip. Our driver, Rick Stezz, was very friendly and professional, loading and unloading our luggage and helping me in and out of the van. I thought it was cool that they had a step ladder as I know older people make up some of their clientele. He drove very safely and announced which airlines were in which area as he drove through; the first stop was coincidentally ours as we were on US Airways and another couple on Southwest as they share terminal 4. So, for reliable shuttle service at reasonable rates with friendly service, Sun City Express cannot be beat. Keep up the good work Rick and staff.!
5 I've used Sun City Express 2 times so far, and I can honestly say I love this company!   Always on time--except when you come back you have to call them from the airport, and they pick you up as quickly as they can IF they aren't already there.  Last trip when I came in from Buenos Aires they knew I would be arriving at a certain time and, even tho they had 2 other people in the van already, the driver waited for me outside the airport, so all I had to do is...well, walk outside the walls of the airport.  EZ!  And when they know to pick you up at 6:30 am they arrive at my house exactly at 6:30 am.  So far they haven't even been a minute late.   They have always helped me with my bags and even offered a hand to help me into the van when I needed it...and sometimes I do cause it's so early or I'm so tired I'm liable to trip myself getting into the van.  Their prices are the lower than Super Shuttle I know.  There are other shuttle services in the area, but none compare to the overall service and price offered by this company I think.  They seem to have been here a good amount of time, since when I first called and gave my address the Dispatcher automatically knew what community I lived in (much to my surprise).  I do alot of international travels, so when I return and am pretty beat from 20 hours of flights it's always good to know the nice people at Sun City Express will be waiting to take me home.  This is definitely my go-to company for rides to and from the airport.
2 Not sure why they are getting great reviews unless you don't have to be anywhere promptly. I waited over 35 minutes for them to pick me up at the airport, then we had to pick someone else up, then take them all home even after asking if I could be dropped off first as I was on a timeline for work, the driver was rude, maybe because they do a lot of retired folks that don't have anywhere better to be but taking 2  hours to get home is in acceptable, oh and the seat belts were broke too....
1 Ordered a  4am pick up to catch a 6 am flight. At 405am, the dispatcher "didn't know where our driver was" and sent a second vehicle, which arrived at 435am. We arrived at Phoenix sky harbor at 530am and ONLY due to the kindness of Southwest Airlines did we make our flight. We called the next day to voice our displeasure, received no apology and in fact was told we should be THANKING them for upgrading us from a shared van to a town car. Supershuttle for us from now on. Sun City express is unreliable and supervisory staff is rude.
