2 Ok all I can ask is why do we keep going to this place. Ever since we built our home in Estrella we have been shopping here. That is about 7 years now and another home.   No matter what we have special ordered and delivered it has always had to be taken back because they deliver the wrong thing. I think I just told you all I am stupid.
3 We were there looking for cactus plants. Not too many varieties. I did not think of going to a nursery. DUH? Not many employees around to help either. They are a ton of them inside.   Completed my shopping inside the store to get solar salts, brackets, screws, and rug. Love the selection on rugs, mirrors, and lighting.
4 Staff was VERY helpful when my parents & I dropped in for a few weekend DIY projects.  We ended up purchasing a few holiday lights to add to the decor around the house.  Parking was easy and shelves were well stocked.
4 Minus 1 star for not having an equipment we can rent but overall, this place pretty good customer service and friendly staff.
5 OMG the 2 guys in the LUMBERS DEPARTMENT are amazing and they're very professional with theirs work...  VERY helpful with what you need.. you gota give this place a try!!!
1 Terrible customer service, I was accused of reckless driving,  because the employee stacked bricks four high in my new SUV, then stacked mulch bags on top, and when I made my first turn very carefully, everything toppled.  Upon arriving home my car looked like an explosion. I called right away, offering to bring my car down for them to see, I was told they are not responsible for what their employees do and he was doing my a favor!!! I think not!!!!  He was thinking about being in trouble from his superiors for something else, I went there because of their expertise, NEVER AGAIN!!   The garden manager, store manager just did not want to accept responsibility for the mess their employee made of my car.  Buyer Beware
1 20 damn minutes waiting for lumber to be cut. So employee finally meanders over and grabs the good looking lady's lumber to cut first who just arrived. Now I get attitude. Grrr.
