5 I first got acrylics for my wedding in August 2011. I had never had "fake nails" before & wasn't sure how I would like them. The staff was friendly & accommodating & made sure I had all my questions answered before I tried anything. I got a full set with white tips & they looked absolutely fabulous for the wedding.  Since then I've tried different looks & different technicians. I've had Cindy, Jimmy, Jordan, and the older gentleman whom I believe to be the owner. No one has let me down. I've had white tips, sparkly tips, gel, hard gel, had them squared, had them rounded, had them short, had them long... they all looked fantastic.   Sure it costs a little money to get it done every two weeks, but they're super strong & I love the way my hands look all the time. I would recommend 2007 Nails to anyone in the West Valley looking to be pampered!
2 Yesterday 3/18/2014 we went to 2007 Nails. The shop was unusually busy I thought, with more than 4 people waiting. We had 4 pedicures and 2 full sets. I got my nails done with a guy who didn't tell me his name. He did not put a top coat or offer to put gel top coat on my White tips. I had to wait for a free pedicure chair. Which I really didn't mind.   My mom sat down with Cindy to get the same style of tips I got, white tips with clear acrylic overlay. First thing off the bat, Cindy used the drill and nicked the skin on my mom's pinky on the left hand, then my mom had to ask her to use antiseptic liquid on the wound? (Cindy should have taken the initiative to do this?) As Cindy started my mom's full set she proceeded to glue the tip to the skin of my mom's other pinky. My mom said that the tip was glued to her skin and Cindy pitched a fit, yelling in Vietnamese and then took off the tip. She said "You not happy, I not do your nails".  How can anyone be happy with a tip glued to them? An open wound created by the nail technician?   I opted not to get my pedicure, because of this unkind act by the nail technician. It's not my mom's fault the glue ran under the tip and adhered to her skin. My mom is a senior 73 years old and she was treated like dirt in this salon.   It's quite obvious Cindy was already out of sorts before she started on my mom. I am at a loss to this type of behavior. Non-seasonal customers like us, make sure your business stays operating. However, we will not come back.    Facility: Is nicely kept, there is refreshments for you, if you so wish. (They need to dust the cobwebs off the front glass at the top by the ceiling).   Price: Out of sight for a basic pedicure!
