5 Last Cinco de Mayo wknd, I decided it was time to replace the factory tires that originally came on my '03 Highlander.  Yeah, I know.  Most people are more ahead of the game than I am on car maintenance but at least I got in there before I blew a tire...  Staff get bonus points for friendly, customer service.  The guys in there helped me select practical options within my price range.  No pushy sales tactics to get me to buy something I didn't want or need.  My estimated wait time was a little over an hour despite the hoard of people in the shop on a Friday night.    They accidentally 'recycled' the regular sized spare tire I recently placed on my front wheel axel instead of returning it to the trunk area--when the new tires were added.  After I explained the situation, they ordered a brand new regular sized tire for me--free of charge for their error.  AAA has also told me that if you purchase tires here they patch flats for free.  These guys rock.  You gotta go there next time you need tires.
5 Fast. Cheap. Friendly.  Been here a couple times since I moved out west... Nice guys, quick to serve and quality work.  Just what you need for your car.
3 Helpful and fast. They know their stuff too. Apparently the popular opinion that newer tires should be put on the front to avoid rollovers or place according to drivetrain has changed. Discount has a snazzy little video showing the reasoning and research that they shared with us. Very quick service as well. Took less than half an hour. Overall, very happy and will be heading back soon.  Updated: Ok, turns out I'm going to have to revise a little. It just so happens that they put the wrong tires on the car, we didn't realize it until going to Sam's Club to replace the other tow, but had know that something had been wrong.   Today we went with a different car, they quoted us over $100 and acted like that was our only option. It wasn't until we loudly pondered going to price check over at the Sam's Club down the street that the price came down to $80, and apparently that was doing us a huge favor. I've never had a tire cost that much before. Service was still friendly and very fast. This was something of an emergency case, but next time we get a full set, I think I'll shop around a bit.
5 Always friendly, always helpful! I needed some new tires, and the guys were really honest, didn't yank me around. I had a budget of what I could spend, and they were there to help. Free air checks, and balances, I can do that!!! I'm forever thankful for these guys...
5 This is one of the friendliest Discount Tire I have ever been too.  Very helpful and courteous.
5 Can I give more than 5 stars for this location? They certainly deserve it!  I have been living out of the country for a while now, and while I was back home for a visit over Memorial day weekend, I borrowed my sister's car for a road trip to Las Vegas with my boyfriend. Unfortunately, I didn't see the car's passenger front tire until the morning of Memorial Day - and it was almost completely bald! We were meant to leave for our roadtrip at 6am the following Tuesday, so we had to scramble to figure out a solution.  Being a holiday, all tire places were of course closed. After some researching, we found Discount Tire nearby would be open at 8am the next day. I have used them before and always received good service. Perhaps it was because they had an extra day off.. but they seemed overly happy to help.  I made an appointment online right at 8am and left to arrive on the dot. To my surprise, the store was open and already had cars in the garage and a line almost out the door at 8:01am. The staff seemed to have been very energetic, trying to move through the line as quickly as possible and addressing customers with a polite "We apologize for the wait" a few times. Once I was greeted, I noted that my name was not on the appointment list but had made an appointment online, and they found it. I really wish I had remembered the guy's name who helped us because he was excellent.  Whenever I go to get car work done, I really don't like to be treated like I don't know anything about cars (even though I know very little!) because I'm a tiny Asian chick. So I had noticed him speaking more to my boyfriend (who has just about as much knowledge about cars as I do, if not less) and I think he noticed and started giving us equal attention. He mentioned a few different tire options and was in no way trying to oversell me on an expensive tire. We chatted casually about road trip experiences, and I expressed our desire to get on the road as soon as possible and he said they'd try their best.   They estimated about 45 mins to an hour, so we went to breakfast and sure enough we received a text message on time stating that our car was finished. On our exit, he was kind and waved good bye and said to let us know if there were anything else he could do for us. We left happily on our roadtrip with no bumps or issues (and didn't even lose any money at the casino!)
4 Overall, this has been a very good location for both purchasing new tires, as well as maintenance such as rotations and wheel balancing.  They do tend to run a bit of a longer wait than expected every time I have been there, so I suggest planning on walking over to the Walmart to kill some time.
4 Overall it was a good experience the sales/tire guy was friendly and knowledgeable.  He gave me a few different options that I could choose from and he didn't pressure me into buying anything today.  And he was patient because I had to keep talking to my husband on the phone to try make a decision.
5 Awesome service! They were friendly, gave me options with no pressure and  got the job done quick.
5 I had terrible service at the other location, and Cory (totally different store) went out of his way to find me, get a hold of me and fix my problem.  Not only did he fix my problem, he went out of his way to ensure that I was compensated for the costs I had already accrued by having to go elsewhere!  This was way above and beyond the call of duty and he did a great job.  Thanks Cory - I'll be a customer here again for years!
4 Whenever I need anything done with my tires or if I need new ones - I always come here!  The staff is friendly and efficient. It's very rare that I ever have to wait. I think the most was 40-45 minutes and that's only once. They always get me in and out of there!
