3 Service is slower in this one compared to others! Hot & Ready's are NOT always hot and ready! You usually have to wait at this location no matter what. If your order comes up the pizza is cooked ok, and is what youd expect...
3 $5 for a pizza !!!! What a bargain...when  we go out we pick up a couple of pizzas for the kids and some bread sticks and they are happy as clams. Little Caesars is alright in my book.
1 I checked the last health inspection here before deciding to go and found they had failed for having roaches in the kitchen...will not go back, thats nasty.
3 Fresh crispy pizza. Kids are happy I'm happy. You can't beat $5 for a quick dinner
2 I always have a good laugh at people, like one of the reviewers here, who writes, "I checked the health inspection report (surrrre you did) and they have roaches."  Sorry to disappoint most of you, but if you've ever worked in a kitchen, you know the best ones do.  This isn't your house, where you cook a meal maybe once a day and, by the way, have no clue what's checking out your meals while you're asleep.    Life's nasty; get over it!  That said, I don't know whether this places has roaches, but they do have incredibly slow workers.  I guess, given what they most likely earn and the average age being, I don't know, 12, they really don't care a whole lot about jumping to your tune.  You think the majority of them are going to be here in 10 years ... or 5 .... or 1 ... or by the time I'm done writing this review?  Yeah, okay.  Little Caesars delivers exactly what they advertise:  no-frills, quick (sometimes) and hot pizza for less money than YOU would have to spend to make said pizza at home.  Even if you splurge, open your wallet and let those moths fly out, a pizza with the works isn't gonna be something special ... and you shouldn't expect it to be.  This is THE place to go when you've had a fight with your spouse and you need to grab a quick and hearty meal before cheating on him/her with the skank you met at the gym last night.  It's the place to go when mom and dad think you're at school after hours practicing for the play or playing basketball, but you want a pie, because mom can't cook to save her life.  Finally, when it's Friday night and there's nothing to do in Goodyear  --- I know, hard to believe, right? --- and you don't feel like cooking or even heating up another bowl of Ramen Noodles, this will hit the spot and won't cause a massive flight of Dollars out of your wallet.  So, get over the fact it ain't the cleanest, fanciest, fastest place in town.  If you spent some more time at home learning what the dials on your oven were for, you wouldn't need to be reading this review anyhow.
2 Don't go here right when they open they seem to have an attitude that they have to make pizza. At least everyone that came in got the same great treatment.
1 The manager was very unprofessional and rude. 1 star  because the cashier wanted to please the customer and had a positive attitude.
