1 I like shopping at Target. No, I LOVE shopping at Target. My wife and I made it an every other day thing when I lived in California (it didn't hurt that the Starbucks inside that Target had the funniest and most competent baristas in Ventura County). The store was clean, employees were helpful and I could easily find what I was looking for.  The Target in Goodyear is possibly the dirtiest, smelliest, most unkempt store I've EVER been in...staffed by some of the most rude and incompetent people I have ever met in my life. Every time I have been in there (always a different time of day, always a different day of the week) the store is a disaster area. Multiple racks of go-backs from the fitting room and carts full of go backs from the register area are always spilling over into the men's and maternity departments. I have never been greeted or even acknowledged by any of the sales floor employees while I shop.  Having been a retail manager for many years, I can understand maybe a rack of go backs once in a while. There is NO EXCUSE to ignore your customers or to maintain a sloppy shopping environment. Absolutely inexcusable and sadly, this is the ONLY Target I've shopped in to have any of these problems at the magnitude at which they are displayed here.
2 The kids like the clothes here and sometimes they have good prices on their clearance items (found at every endcap).   I have to agree with the other review about the upkeep of the store and the employees. No one has ever been friendly...ever. The store is usually a mess...and thats what you get when people get paid shit...they dont do shit. Oh well...what can you do.
2 Unless retro grunge is your thing when going shopping then this Target probably isn't for you or the rest of the population. This Target is obsolete and dirty. Don't waste your time, there are better Targets on the totem pole.
4 This place is a disease. (in a good way) I like how they have items that are exclusive.One example is the limited edition ghirardelli squares. They used to have the dark chocolate cherry filled back around Valentine's Day and now they have the dark chocolate salted caramel squares. They are sooo good.   Only reason they don't get a 5 star rating is that the Starbucks that is inside never gets the order right. Never.
2 This is not my normal Target but I stopped by since I was ordering pizza at the Naked Pizza.  They are re-modeling so things are kinda of crazy in there.  Not one employee greeted me or asked if I needed help.  It is hard to find things at this place.  I hope the place is nice, neat, and better when they finish remodeling.
3 Pretty well stocked so whatever "Target-y" think you're looking for they probably have it.  I don't know why they added a grocery section though.  Did Target convert all of their stores into a "Super Target"?  Anyway, this one used to be just a "regular" one.  They did some remodeling to accommodate groceries but the produce section is very slim - mostly all processed foods.  I guess occasionally we'll buy some groceries there but quite honestly, I think they should've just kept it as a regular Target store.  Even with the remodeling, it's still too small of a space to be a "Super" Target.
1 WORST.PHARMACY.EVER.  Do yourself a favor and go to Wallgreens or CVS up the street. Nasty attitudes and incompetence are not winning qualities, folks!
3 I know I should of taken the extra time and drove out to the Super Target were it is cleaner more spacious and just over all a better store
