4 Give me 4 slices of thick -sliced bacon, actually cook my eggs over medium like I ask and have butter coverage all over my toast, you get 4 stars! Really Simple...    Nah seriously, this is a good breakfast, solid contender. You can get Hash-browns or Home Fries. The Home Fries are always my first choice anywhere and here they get topped with this onion-pepper mixture after -cooking which I am not a big fan of though. So, I ask them to leave it off and then request the potatoes be cooked crisply- about half the time does it come out right, but that is OK, when it actually gets done it makes it a 5 star awesome breakfast!   Took my brother and his family to breakfast and they really liked it. My brother got a 'Joe Bear Scramble' which he liked and was plated so appealingly, the lady at the table next to us saw his and ordered this for herself. SIL got the HUGE Chicken Fried Steak and really liked it, she is finicky so this is good. 7YO Nephew got the Cinnamon Roll French Toast (4 pcs) which he liked. But, we had to order him a side of bacon because it does not come with any meat. Hard to justify $10 plus breakfast for a 7year old but oh well, I stole a bacon leaving him 3 pieces which he gobbled up! Suggestion, half the order and add bacon as another option, the pieces are large enough to make this a solid plate for women or kids.   The interior is on old Denny's and needs to be refreshed soon and parking can get tricky after 9:30am on a Sunday.   So, if you are in town for NASCAR or Spring Training at Goodyear Ballpark, this location is right off I-10 (Southwest side). Go here or to Mimi's (Northwest side)) for breakfast, but please, stay in Goodyear and keep businesses thriving so I have a job. Thanks :)   To get 5 stars I would say ramp up the home fries a bit, they are missing something but I can't quite put my finger on it, maybe use fresh onion without the bell-peppers (their "mix" seems to be pre-made frozen prepped kind) and cook with the potatoes to caramelize versus heaping them on after in a wet mess? Dunno, but probably.   Enjoy!
4 The Menu is rediculous, everything from pancakes to fish tacos, portions are huge and is a good price, I suggest the chicken wrap...yum!
5 Here in town for a RV rally.  Chili cheeseburger is very good.  Menu has a lot of choices.
3 Our waitress was a grouchy bitch, and there was no fresh OJ, but other than that it was OK.  Loved the sign at the register that read "No Open Carry" of weapons.  Hahaha!  I was concealing, anyway...
3 I ordered the black bear claw, the menu said "made fresh each day" but I think they meant they opened a new package for each order, and from the taste of it not many people ordered it! Stale , dry and totally yucky, not to mention it has THE most calories on the menu, 1800+ for a single Danish! The only reason I gave 3 stars is the rest of the tables orders were ok and the waitress was really nice! She took the bear claw off the check no problems
5 This place rocks! We had the corned beef hash and eggs with home fries and was served a platter covered wall to wall with food. The hash was excellent! Ordered a side of their spicy homemade breakfast sausage patties and it was AWESOME, the best I've ever had ANYwhere!   We are definitely looking forward to our return to PHX Metro to experience them again!
2 I frequent the bell and dysart locations and  this was the first time it was "eh". The Bigfoot chicken fried steak and eggs are always large and more than enough. The gravy this time seemed watery and the toast was half burnt and half bread. The other meal of a bacon and cheese stuffed burger looked awesome but we had to return because it was requested with no onion. The replacement was nothing more than a regular burger with bacon and cheese. The bear claws which are usually nice and hot was cold and was missing its butter, and some bites felt like I was chewing dough. It was busy on a Friday night and the place seemed understaffed. After wards when most of the dinner rush was over our waitress barely made any rounds to check up on us and did not get one single refill for our soda and tea. They were nice to remove my date's burger from the bill. Because of our frequent dine ins and our bear rewards card the bill came to 40 cents. If you go to this place and want good service you will have to wait that weekend morning for about 45 minutes when the star employees are working.
4 Went here with my sister n law for breakfast. Huge portions, cheap price.  Food was good, atmosphere fair. B+
4 I love breakfast and this place won me over too many times. The Bear's choice breakfast is my favorite with the Belgian waffles, biscuit, 2 eggs, and 2 spicy sausage links. The coffee is nothing to brag about but always hot and fresh. The menu selection is big and the prices are reasonable for the huge portions. The waiters were nice and helpful at all times. I will be back soon.
5 Being out of town visitors for a few days,we've eaten breakfast, lunch and dinner in this restaurant. The service was great every time, the food was really good and the servings extremely generous.  The "little less" tri-tip dinner was plenty of food and the tri-tip was done medium rare as requested.  This is one of our "go to" restaurants when we are in the area.
4 I was completely blown away by the portion sizes at Black Bear Cafe! My fiancée and I each ordered something different to share (see pics), and we could have easily shared just one of the meals and had our appetites fully sated. Wait staff was friendly and attentive. Overall had a great experience, even on return visits!
