2 Slow service, tables and floors not clean, coffee really old in the carafe, and soft drink dispensers spray you with some of the flavors.  Food was just ok, and that usual mistake of making your food to go instead of dine-in even though you clearly said dine in.
4 Fast food place so it is what it is. The place has always been clean when I am there but lunch is crowded so yes things can get messy as with any other place.    Drive through is my prefered method and is always fast and easy transaction with no order errors.  I love the chicken sourdough club and the curly fries.   I am not a fan of their breakfast menu items but for lunch this is a good place to get a quick meal.
1 Been a while since I'd been in here. Since it had always been relatively clean, I decided to give into my urge for a couple of tacos.  Nobody was at the counter. I waited, and waited. Finally the girl in the kitchen with limited language skills went to find the manager. Again I waited and waited. Apparently the manager could out wait me because I finally left in disgust. While I was waiting (and waiting) a couple of other potential customers came and went. A couple of tacos ain't worth the wait.
1 I went to the drive through, picked up my food went down the road. I took a bite into the hamburger and the top bun was rock solid and could not even eat it. So I took the bun off and took another 2-3 bites and the Tomatoes were not tasting to good!. So I stopped eating the food as it was Not a Good Sign!
1 I agree with most of the other reviews: Skip this place. I had an issue with this location in the past (came in and waited for about ten minutes and finally left without anyone attempting to take my order). Given the location, I came back during the wee hours of the morning and received semi-decent service. However, after having a drink spilled on my by the person working the window; I have my limits. I received no apology (only a scared look in the guy's eyes) nor any napkins. Even after this, I gave the place the benefit of the doubt and returned only to receive food that has no rhyme or reason.   All-in-all: The food is never consistent and the service is so below par that it gives fast food restaurants a bad name. Skip this and hit the McDonald's down at the end of the block. Service there is what you'd expect from a fast food place and the food is generally consistent with what you are used to getting.
2 As you can see a lot of reviews say this place isn't worth the time of day. However I received my food rather quickly. I do know the gentleman in front of me did wait quiet awhile though. The floors are dirty and got my shoes all sticky but at the same time it is a fast food restaurant (not saying a fast good place shouldn't be clean just saying it won't be spotless). It was awkward waiting for my car to get done here and having the 16 y/o cashier hitting on me when I'm not even giving her the time of day. I did end up getting free tacos though for waiting so long for my car haha so that's why they get 2 stars!
2 This is a two star Jack in the Box. The food is what it is at each location, and it's not like you don't know what you are going to get. There may or may not be a 5 star Jack in the Box, but if you are aiming high then you should start with service.   I get that its late and there is a line full you drunks in the drive through wanting to get some grub after the bars have closed, but there was still no customer service.   After I placed my order, and finally got to the window the guy started to give me the wrong food but luckily I caught it. I was then told that my  food was given to the car in front of me,  which had left, and I would have to wait on the side.   After I watched about 8 cars which were behind me get there food and drive away, my food was brought out to me. Again I am glad I checked it because I was still missing some of the food I ordered and paid for.   From start to finish, time I entered the drive through to time I left the parking lot, this was a 20 minute trip through a drive through.
1 NO STARS! This is the second review I have done here because I didn't take my own advise and never come back. This Jack in the Box went from 2 stars to 0. Just don't go here! Drive a mile north and go to the one on Happy Valley.
