4 Thank goodness there is a store that carries souvenirs!!! I didn't have that  many souvenirs on my last day in Arizona so I was so relieved to come across this Hallmark Shop.  I wish I had more room in my luggage, since I saw some cute Christmas items on sale (65-75% off). Dang.. I wish those check-in luggage were larger!! Regardless, I found some souvenirs with "Arizona" on them. Yay for mini sand-globes and dreamcatcher as souvenirs! :)   Now the hard part was finding room in my luggage....
1 I went to Sarah's Hallmark yesterday for their Holiday sale and was very disappointed with the bait and switch tactics going on with the Vera Bradley bags. They were offering in their sale print ad one style of bag but when I got to the store, that bag was NOT the one they were offering with the sale price. And it wasn't because they didn't have it either!  When I asked the clerk about the proper price of the bag, she insisted that the owners made a mistake but that she couldn't offer the bag that was pictured at the discounted price. I told her this was bait and switch and asked her to call the owners to clarify. She wouldn't do it. You have to sell the bag pictured at the discounted price...plain and simple. Very disappointing.
1 This review is for the Sarah's Hallmark Shop on Via Linda in Scottsdale. Was driving by today and went in to buy some cards---wow what an unfriendly staff! Three women were working and Sonia and another older lady (not the one in a purple shirt!)  looked at me several times like I had walked into their home living room unannounced. At one point I even smiled at one grump and said "hi". I was never greeted or asked if I needed help--just glared at. As far as I could tell each customer was treated this way.   When Sonia rang me up both her and the other grump employee proceeded to complain about some customer that ordered an item. Well, maybe you'll get your wish and you can be unhappy at home in your own living room---Not going back!  It's really too bad, as they have a very nice selection of cards---but I'm NOT going back.
