3 It was probably two weeks ago that I ventured into this particular Ulta. To my surprise they had reconfigured the entire store. It now has a similar layout to the one at Desert Ridge.  Except one huge difference -- more stuff and less space.  I felt like a rat trapped in a maze. There were so many products everywhere -- stacked on movable, industrial-like shelves-- and dark aisles hidden in the back of the store.  And to top it off, it was busy.  Too many people in a store that has designed itself into a labyrinth is not good. Even the placement of the checkout area was weird -- off to the side of the main entrance with little room for the expanding line of people checking out.  I hope this jumble of a mess is only temporary because their selection of products is great, and I always enjoy perusing their wide, inviting aisles.
1 This store really needs to work on customer service.  I have been there a few times and the employees are just rude.
2 We were in the store for over 20 mins.  Not one employee come to greet us or to ask if we needed some help.  There is just too much stuff for the size of the store.  I agree with Tracy, I feel like a rat trapped in a maze.
5 Ulta has the best return policy! I took back my new favorite curling iron after it had cracked, and without a receipt or original packaging, and not even buying it at that particular Ulta, they took it back - no questions asked! I have had a great experience returning products at Ulta in the past and it's really refreshing to find a store that believes in customer service!
2 I once liked to use the salon here to get my hair cut. This however is only my second time at this location I normally go to the one at Desert Ridge for hair cuts but the girl I would see no longer works there so I decided to try the location closer to me.  I did not like the last person who did my hair his name was Guadalupe.  His cut was nice that he did when he finally finished but his attention was everywhere but on me and this made me feel uncomfortable and unimportant so I will not allow him to cut my hair again.   He was too concerned about listening to other peoples conversations and what they were doing then to pay attention to me.  He stopped every 5-10 minutes (no joke!!) to get side tracked on something.  My hair cut took over an hour.  I would have understood if he was the only one there but it was slow with other workers to answer the phone and make appointments.  Personally I think he wanted to make sure all the appointment got scheduled with him that is why he would not allow any other worker to answer the phone or help walk ups.   After 30 minutes into the cut and me already getting irritated by his ADHD he decides to talk to the sales person and buy hair sheers. He completely left me sitting there for at least 10+ minutes.  I could hear the sales man say also he could come back or wait till he was done with me.. but NOOOOO Guadalupe felt I was able to just sit there wet head half cut and pissed off.   When he came back and saw my face he said "your mad arent you"  Ya ya think!!  This was my first hair cut in over a year and my hair had been kept up in a pony tail for the most part for about 3 months because I had a baby.  He says "what have you done to your hair" very rudely.  This was my one treat to myself to try and get the pre-pregnancy self esteem back and have a nice day to myself getting pampered.  I felt like unwanted crud when I left.  I will go back as this was the first bad egg of the stylist I had received.  I will try to schedule on a day he is not there as looking at him will bring out the crabbiness in me!     After I visit again I will update my view with the next service just to make sure I am giving accurate ratings for the place.
5 I went in for full highlights toned a natural honey golden blonde. The depth and dimension of color was amazing! Book an appointment with Natalie!!
4 I like Ulta because of the wide selection of cosmetic items they carry, both high end and drugstore brands. This location in particular always has friendly associates, and I've never gone for a product that they didn't currently have in stock. There are some great finds in the clearance section, too.
1 If i can avoid this location i will, I have never walked in Arrowhead Ulta without wanting to shoot myself in the foot. To find an employee with like finding a needle in a hay stack. You could find better  customer service in a gas station. The line is never manageable... Usually wraps around the store and never is caught up to a decent size.... Though the store is kept tidy the constant hassle of trying to find an employee and the 20 minutes just to purchase items ruins it for me.. Ulta at Happy Valley Town Center is just as tidy, the employees engage with customers and the line is maybe a 2 minute wait at the business.
1 This place is packed in tight. Always looks liked it has been ransacked. I have been in there two different occasions to get the Ulta brand mineral make-up and both times they only had two shades available. I only go in when necessary.
1 Service here is the worst the associates here don't know products in the store first and foremost  there ads the associates lie about there position and stereo type customer   I would not send my dog here to pick up stuff if he knew how to drive lol but this store needs a under cover boss because this store sucks
