4 Honestly didn't have the highest hopes for a hotel in Wickenburg, but was pleasantly surprised. Each room has it's own outdoor entrance with parking in a central private lot.   The rooms were clean and spacious. They had a fridge in each room which is always a bonus in my eyes.   I'd stay here again if I needed a room in Wickenburg for sure.
5 Great room at a great price. Very spacious room for the 3 of us; extremely comfy beds. Good continental breakfast. An excellent deal overall. Right at the beginning of the shopping district.
4 I'm not sure if this is a 4-star hotel, exactly, but it exceeded my expectations.  My room was clean, the linens were lovely, the location is right downtown (Wickenburg is a very small town), and the breakfast was perfectly fine (fruit, yogurt, toast/bagels, and make-it-yourself waffles; plus coffee of course!)   I think it was about $175 for two nights (for a 2-Queen room), so very reasonable. The building is basic, but the choice of paint color and tile decorations up the style a bit. The front desk staff was cheerful and helpful. I did not use the pool, but it was clean.  If you are staying in Wickenburg and lack a Rancho de los Caballeros budget, this is your place.
4 Free wifi with no password and clean spacious room.  TV has a good variety of channels.  Most best western are pretty good and good deal.  Breakfast is provided from 6:30-9:30. Yogurt, toast, cereal, milk, fruits and waffle (you make it yourself). But their waffle iron is constantly on the fritz.  There is a pool and Jacuzzi that's available for use anytime.
4 Just had a great stay at this hotel. Very friendly folks and really tidy, clean and reasonably priced. It's not the Ritz but can't beat it for a clean room and nice property with pool and hot tub for the money. Definitely will stay again!
5 We got stuck in a storm so needed somewhere to sleep for the night. Here are the perks: Comfortable beds, thick bedding, nice pillows, lots of hot water, friendly staff.  The only thing that wasn't great: Continental breakfast was a little sparse.
3 Listen there isn't anywhere else. This place reminds me of car trips in the 1970s. Clean enough, big rooms and a pool, plus very inexpensive. If your looking for a W hotel your out of luck:)
1 After we checked in we discovered the toilet was clogged and the shower wouldn't drain. Also the wi-fi was very spotty. When I called the front desk, they brought me a plunger. When my bf went to use the restroom in the office the next morning, the manager Melanie or Melody could care less. She never apologized or seemed to care. Her main concern was that the credit card was declined for a second night, we never authorized her to charge another night. When I asked for her boss she said the owner couldn't be bothered. The manager had possibly the most deplorable customer service skills I'd ever seen.
5 Yes! As good as it gets after you've spent your day out in the desert. I don't know if my feelings of this place were skewed but who cares! It was nice to "come home" to a really clean and nicely decorated best western. I definitely didn't see that coming! Also, the kitchen was clean and well stocked. Thank goodness for that!
5 This was one of the most interesting hotels I have ever been to. It gives off the Wild West theme very well. Great hotel in my opinion with really great owners. I walked across America raising money for cancer and the general manger gave me a free room. It was a very comfy bed. Basically what you would expect at a best western. The only problems were that some rooms had week wifi and there are not many tv options. But honestly, compared to the other hotels in town it really is the best option around. If you want to go 16 miles down the road though to Aguila, AZ you will come across a motel called "the burro Jim motel". It's 40 dollars a night and that place is pretty awesome and in the middle of nowhere. Super nice owners and managers!
4 Clean rooms, comfy beds, and great service = essential for a comfortable night's stay.  The hotel is also located right in the heart of downtown Wickenburg, so all the cute little shops, restaurants, and historic museum are no more than a 5 minute walk away. There's a hot breakfast in the morning from 6am to 9am, which isn't extravagant, but includes all the essentials you would expect: bacon, eggs, pancakes, yogurt, oatmeal, fresh fruit, assorted cereals, tea, and coffee.  There's also wifi and a printer in the front lobby that is open all night.  Lastly, remember to use your AAA discount if you have it!
