1 Worst service experience ever!!  I had Fletchers change the brakes on my truck.  They will not set up an appointment, rather they have you bring the vehicle in at 7am.  I did just that, and didnt receive my truck back until after 3pm and several calls inquiring about the status.  Doesnt end there.  I had to take my truck back 2 months later because the brakes were squealing worse than when I originally brought it in.  Same story, no appointment, truck dropped off before 9am, and didnt get back until 5pm.  On top of that, they try pushing several other items on you.  Last time I ever use this company for anything.
4 Mistakes happen!  Many Service garages make mistakes. This Fletcher auto drained my Power Steering Fluid thinking it was my Oil filter holder. This is easy to do. My oil filter holder is up on top of the engine next to the PS reservoir. The simply forgot to re-fill the PS reservoir & as I left I heard the grinding of the PS pump saying "hey whats up". I checked it and YEP it was empty. I do carry this fluid as a back in my car and re-filled it and called Fletcher auto who responded with the greatest of apologies "mistakes happen". I believe them because I made the same mistakes when I hurry also to get done doing something in my car. Fletcher auto gave me a free oil change and were honest enough to remedy the error. They just forgot to re-fill the PS reservoir. Hey "Mistakes Happen" I been back 4 times with NO Problems. Good Job guys!! 4.5/5 Stars
1 This is not a very good Fletcher's.  Even within Fletcher's, most will admit this location sucks.  I too dropped off my car for what turned into an all day oil change.  I had a coupon when I dropped it off at 9:30.  The guy took my keys, told me to keep my coupon and said it was logged in the system.  Come 4:00 PM I had to call and got the, "oh yeah the car is just finishing up."  But while they had me on the phone of course they  "discovered" a good $400 in $hit that just didn't need to be done to hit they daily sales quota.    Air filter, coolant flush, decarb, etc., etc.  Wasn't quite sure how they would do all this, within the one hour before closing, but I shut him off like a light switch.  When I went for pick up a different guy gave me a hard time because I didn't bring the coupon back.  Geez sorry I could be your sucker of the day to help you get your sales SPIF :)  This is a very bad attempt at customer service by upselling you on crap your car doesn't need.   When I brought it in, I was complaining about a rattle in my front tire, their solution was the tire was scraping the plastic.  Hmmm...   Our advice...go elsewhere.
4 Not sure why the bad reviews here. I always make appointments for my oil changes and they are usually done within an hour. I walk over somewhere and have lunch, when I return it is done. One time they didn't get it done during the hour and the oil change was free!!! I have found that they are honest. And with a car shop, that means something. They don't sell me a new air filter EVERY time! I had the dealer tell me the battery was bad on my Toyota, so I took it by this Fletchers and they tested it. It was fine. The dealership used the wrong setting. The battery lasted another 18 months before I replaced it. I have never been sold something I didn't need at this Fletchers location and I have been going here for over 10 years now with 2 cars. And I could go on and on about how much money they have saved me from what the Dealer 'recommended' that didnt need to be done. I take it to Fletchers and ask them to check it out and 9 times out of 10, it is fine.  I have had bad experiences at other Fletchers, but not this one. They have always treated me fairly and have been honest. The guys working the desk aren't always the most personable, but I have yet to feel like I am getting ripped off like so many other car places. Good work and honest...that is what I look for in a auto shop and this Fletchers provides that! The only reason I didnt give 5 stars is the fact that it takes a week to get an appointment because they are always busy...and what I mentioned about the front desk.
4 A lot of old reviews might say this place isn't good but I enjoyed the customer service. I took my car in with my Groupon believing I needed the brakes changed. After inspecting them I was told that the brakes were fine. I'm happy that they were honest with me instead of lying. Check out the Groupon available now, it's a great value for all they will do for your vehicle.
