5 Such an awesome doctor.  Patient, takes time to talk and listen.  Wasn't all excited to just jump on my break and crack me, he was careful to keep my body safe. Totally recommend Dr. Halle
1 Worst chiropractor ever!  I had two obvious herniated discs that he missed and I had diagnosed later that week with a much more competent doctor.  Walked into his office and limped out.  After I explained the position he put me in was already painful he continued to crack my back which left me in extreme pain and much worse than when I got on his table.  He only partially reimbursed me and let me limp out of the office.  I was a collegiate gymnast and broke many bones with surgeries  so please don't think I have a low pain tolerance I just want you to be aware of this quack.
5 I've been going here for a while. Dr Halle is very good at what he does. He always makes me feel as if i am family instead of a patient. I have and will refer my friends to go to him.
5 Dr. Halle is a GREAT chiropractor! My first visit, nearly a month ago was all about Dr. Halle listening to me and was very clear about not working on me on that first visit. Instead, he listened and educated me on how chiropractic works. My second visit was all about the results and what the findings were and from that day on, a partnership was created. My pain is obsolete (lower back) , and because of the process (multiple visits) I have noticed my right hand has not ached at all. I talk to everybody I know about how Chiropractic care has changed my body and life. I have recommended Dr. Halle for his professionalism and excelent work to friends and family!
5 Dr. Halle has been amazing! His staff is so wonderfully nice and takes time to get to know each customer. Every time I'm there, Barbara, Dan and Lou are talking about movies/games, family/kids, weddings, personal stories from the past, etc. They really make you feel like your apart of their chiropractor family! Making the atmosphere comforting and welcoming, which is a major contribution to what makes this chiropractor office the best.  Lets get into the nitty gritty.... My first visit, which was about 2 months ago, was all about getting to know my bodies needs. There were X-rays done and lots of talking between myself and Dr. Halle about my situation so he can decide what course of action he needs to take to help me best. My second visit, I brought my fiancé along with me. Dr. Halle talked to us about a few different things, really about what happens and the hows. It was sort of like being back in a college course I took years ago. Dr. Halle kept us engaged by asking us questions, making sure we understood what we saw in the video. He then pulled out my X-rays and we got down to the nitty gritty of it all. He told me what he saw and what he thinks would be the best course of action and how many times a week and exactly what he would be doing and what to expect. My fiancé is extremely skeptical about chiropractors considering my last one years ago in Alaska and he told me that he will be back here when he needs some adjustments done. We left feeling amazing like he really took the time to talk to us and just us, not at us.  My third visit was when we started to adjust me. Dr. Halle walked me through each and every step, what he's doing, why he's doing it and what kind of results I should be seeing, immediately and long term. I left feeling like I made a strong choice in coming here and the next few days confirmed just that.   I would strongly recommend Dr. Halle's office to anyone, beginners and people who have been to other chiropractor offices as he is gentle with your body and listens to your concerns.
