2 Here I am 2 months later after many hours therapy and tears finally writing this review...kidding...but it did suck  As a new transplant to the area I had no idea where to go to get a good highlight and trim.  This was what I like to call the not-so-cool-pre-yelp-me who had absolutely no idea what was happening.  Things have changed...  Anyways, my best friend suggested I find an Ulta because she had a great experience with hers out in Chicago.  Sounds great I thought.  WRONG!    Back in Michigan I was in love with Ulta because they carried my favorite haircare products and makeup-Ojon and Bare Essentials.  I had never experimented with their salon so I had no idea what I was in for.  The lady that cut my hair was unprofessional and seemed very rushed.  The color came out weird and the worst part was my bangs which she completely hacked.  She then decided to style it in some kind of aqua net/beehive/ Dorris Day style.  I got up from the salon chair and tears began welling up.  We shook hands and I could barely look her in the eye.  When I got to the front of the store to pay I was literally crying.  The girl could tell I hated it (I think she hated it too) but had no idea what to do about it.    Moral of the story:  Don't go here!  There are plenty of salon's in the area that I am sure will provide much better services
1 The employees are so RUDE!  I can't believe with all the competition in the area that this place can give such poor customer service.  I certainly won't shop here anymore.  Get a clue Ulta.....send your employees to a customer service class.
1 If i can avoid this location i will, I have never walked in Arrowhead Ulta without wanting to shoot myself in the foot. To find an employee with like finding a needle in a hay stack. The manager alone is one of the unfriendliest of them all. Every encounter I've had with her she is either short and snooty, rolling her eyes at a customer or annoyed she's even there. Sometimes i feel like her red hair could actually light itself on fire..  You could find better and happier customer service in a gas station. The line is never manageable... Usually wraps around the store and never is caught up to a decent size.... Though the store is kept tidy the constant hassle of trying to find an employee and the 20 minutes just to purchase items ruins it for me.. Ulta at Happy Valley Town Center is just as tidy, the employees engage with customers and the line is maybe a 2 minute wait at the business.
3 Huge lines to check out, which would be one thing if they had all hands on deck. But not when you have girls standing behind the register not ringing people up.    I came in for one thing and one thing only. Batiste Dry Shampoo.   I found it on and end cap with a sign that said $2 off, regular $7.99. YAY, it's my lucky day right? Well I thought so until waiting forever in line and it not ringing up the correct price, I told the girl it was supposed to be $5.99, I got a response of "are you sure". She told her manager that it wasn't ringing up correctly, so her manager sent her to grab the sign. As she headed in the wrong direction my boyfriend went to show her the sign which said exactly what I said, All Batiste Dry Shampoo $2 off. In the mean time she found another sign that showed where the bottle I have (for brunettes) wasn't regularly $7.99. But, since the bottles are not priced and there was no specific price on the end cap, I don't see how that is fair. If you are going to exclude certain items, it needs to be made clear on all signage in all areas the product is located.   The manager told the girl to give me the $2 off and this is where it went from a 2 star to a 3-4 star experience. The manager explained to the girl how to override the price in the most helpful, kind voice I have heard from a retail manager in quite some time. She was extremely patient and helpful. Kudos to the manager working Feb 1st in the evening.
