5 All this, five stars, is coming from a girl who went to a Brake Masters (not this location) ten years ago with her 1992 Saturn, replaced her brakes, just to have them go out on her that evening, forcing her to have her vehicle towed back to the shop to be repaired... and consequently never going back to Brake Masters.  Until today, ten years later.  I arrived at Brake Masters at 8:20am.  I left at 8:50am.  That is so awesome because I was able to get to Brake Masters a lot earlier than my 9:00am appointment due to the excellent quick service of another company (see my other reviews).  I actually got home before my original appointment time.  I was concerned about my brakes.  Before this car, I had never had a car with ABS... I like the hard stop of regular brakes, and of course, with ABS, idiot Jessica didn't know that this is normal not to have that.  They were squeaking quite a bit too, but no biggie.  I ask Brake Masters for my oil change and then ask them to replace my brakes.  I had been told by my dealer a few months ago that my brakes were about 50% through their life, so I was thinking maybe another 25% was tacked on that and that they were squealing to let me know they needed to be replaced.  The guy up front, (I am so sorry, I forgot his name, but he was cool) then told me that they will just inspect for now and then talk to me later about options and what is needed for safety.  I waited maybe 10 minutes and one of the other guys comes and explains to me that I still have 70% life in my brakes still.  I was like, "What?? That's not what the dealer said."  This poor guy patiently answered my five million questions about my brakes, me being a safety nut with my car.  I'm a claims adjuster and I can't help it. lol    But he answered them very sufficiently and satisfied my curiosity and ignorance on the mechanics of a vehicle. (I know body work, not mechanics)  He told me they can replace the brakes if I really want to, but it may be a waste of good brakes that I have already.  I was SHOCKED.  Here I was, willing to throw down 300 or more smackeroo's for something I THOUGHT I needed, and these guys actually told me that I didn't need to... when I'm just a girl... and they could have totally taken my money, ran away with it... and I would have been okay with that???  Five stars.  I'm going back next time.  It really is hard to find a mechanic you can trust, especially when you're female and some companies think they can jerk you and your money around.  These guys proved that my dealer that I went to wasn't 100% up to par.  Glad to know I found a trustworthy company with my car.
4 I've always had good experiences with Brake Masters. I have an after market warranty that can be finicky with what they cover and Brake Masters always manages to get it done.
5 Chaz left but the team is great prices are always too high! But I always will return!
5 They price matched the dealership and were all very pleasant. Their price quotes were reasonable at first, not the best, but not the worst either. They were willing to price match. The staff was friendly and even offered some of their lunch (pizza) to the customers in the waiting room. They didn't try to upsell and make unnecessary repairs ( I researched and got quotes from multiple places), which I appreciate and will continue to go back to these guys. Thanks
1 My daughter had her car serviced at Brake Masters on June 24th 2014. Her car had been over heating and the technician told her that her intake manifold gasket and thermostat needed to be replaced, costing 750.00... Four days later her car over heats again.. She took the car back in and now Brake Master is saying she needs a new radiator. My issue is Brake Master charged me a lot of money and the car still over heats and now they want more money..  I would NOT recommend Brake Master to my worse enemy..  Make sure you get a second opinion before letting Brake Master do any work.
1 My daughter had her car serviced at Brake Masters on June 24th 2014. Her car had been over heating and the technician told her that her intake manifold gasket and thermostat needed to be replaced, costing 750.00... Four days later her car over heats again.. She took the car back in and now Brake Master is saying she needs a new radiator. My issue is Brake Master charged me a lot of money and the car still over heats and now they want more money..  I would NOT recommend Brake Master to my worse enemy..  Make sure you get a second opinion before letting Brake Master do any work. Matter of fact, I wouldn't recommend anyone let that place touch their vehicle!!!!!!!
