3 This is a crazy location, since it is basically at the intersection of Bell and 101.  It can be super crowded, especially at peak times.  The service is very friendly but otherwise this is your typical IHOP.
1 Portions minuscule,  Decaf cold  Servers impolite and distracted - ages to wait for the bill. Brought jam rather than butter to the table.  The menu selections overpriced and illconceived.
2 Crowded on a Saturday. No parking, a little dirty. NOT GOING BACK
1 I used to go here at least once a month...until recently. That is, when I found a hair at the bottom of my eggs. It was a short, dark hair, most likely a beard hair. I can only pray it wasn't a pube. The waitress, Barb, was very apologetic and didn't charge me a dime.   btw, Barb waited on me almost every time I came in here and she has a mustache. So I don't know if it was one of her stache hairs, or what. Either way, the management should have a meeting for the staff there on personal grooming. Seeing her stache always made me sick. Barb also seems to have a cheese fetish. She always asked me if I wanted cheese on everything; my eggs, my hash browns, etc. She was the ONLY waitress to ever ask me this every time I came there. I'm surprised she never asked me if I wanted cheese in my water :0)  The very last time I visited this location, the waitress I got was rude. The only thing she did was take our order. She didn't come back and ask how the food was, offer refills...she wasn't even the one that served us the food. I had one interaction with her and that was to place the order. It then took forever to get the bill, and she of all people had to ring us up because there was no one manning the register. I didn't even want to tip her, but she rung me up so I was forced to. She was totally curt and unfriendly.  What a dump. Next time I'll go to Denny's. Although also a dump, at least their staff doesn't have staches and are only half as bitchy.
3 Quick service. Standard breakfast food. All-you-can-eat pancakes is a huge draw for young and old alike.  Happy server that gets you what you need, but moves along since it looks like they have way too many tables to be in charge of.   The fresh strawberries photo on the kids menu is deceiving, you get the strawberries that are frozen in the strawberry sauce.   Good enough and will probably return when my mom is craving pancakes again.
3 Good service early in the morning plus food was hot right off the grill no wait time wow
4 I was craving WAFFLES! Let's just say that when your tummy tells you, it wants something, give in. It'll save you countless calories eating other food and then having to get Waffles too.   This breakfast hub is perfect for those days when you want a cup of joe and the typical American breakfast. I had waffles with ham and hashbrowns. Yums! The server was nice and helpful. The place is clean... what more can you ask for??
1 Worst dining experience in years! So upon arrival, there is a line outside so I ask my wife to get down and see what the wait is. She comes back out and says 15-20 minutes. Okay, park the truck and wait. 45-50 minutes later I'm asking the host & hostess what happened to the 15-20 minute time that we were quoted, "well there was this party of 16 that is just finishing up so..." I then let him know that if that was the case, why didn't he communicate that with us. So then he says it'll be just 5 more minutes and it was when we were seated in a dirty area. Our server brought us our drinks, but there was no silverware to stir our coffee. After we get silverware, then we fail to see our server again for a while. Running out of coffee and creamer, now we're without beverages while we wait for the food. The food comes out, but 2 people are missing their meals. 15 minutes go by before they get their food, both children, so that made them feel all warm and fuzzy. Oh yeah, ran out of coffee again. The children's food make it out and our server says that he'll take those off of the bill. When the bill arrives, he took off the least expensive meal (not the 2 that failed to show up on time), and charged us for an extra orange juice. I ask for the manager at this point and let him know that I've just had the worst dining experience in years. He apologizes and asks how he can make it right, to which I reply, do whatever is within your power. He discounted the ticket 25%. We lost over 2 hours of our day and more considering this is one of three feedbacks that I will be providing. The server said he knows the next experience will be better. There probably won't be another experience there, but I would hope that if there was one that it couldn't get much worse than that.
3 So I don't normally expect a lot when eating at IHOP, but this one isn't that bad! And it's actually quite a busy location. I made the mistake of going here to eat during spring training season - it was insanely packed and we waited quite a while to be seated. However, once we were at our table the service was good and so was the food. This IHOP is open 24 hours, which may be good to know in case I get a midnight pancake craving.
3 Good food, good service and good location.  Nothing great about the place, but nothing bad about it either.
5 Our server (David was his name) was fantastic. He was enthusiastic and friendly, tried to upsell (offered drinks vs. asking what we wanted, offered cheese on our eggs, etc.) and took the time to show us the changes to the new menu. Very helpful and cheery..honestly not what I would typically expect from a breakfast restaurant (usually the servers seem stressed and rushed). Food was good, as usual..but his service would have brought us back regardless!
5 This is one of the best 24 hour restaurants in Phoenix. It's clean, the staff are fantastic, the food was excellent, and they have free WiFi. It's worth the drive if you're looking for a decent meal in a decent location.   Two thumbs up for the way this iHop handled the Christmas Day traffic of people who had nowhere else to go.
3 Stopped in for a quick bite late at night as everything else was closed.  Had a club sandwich and some fries.  It is a normal Ihop, nothing fancy.  Service was a little slow, but our food was out at a decent time.  Not many people in that late.
4 Late night.  Okay atmosphere.  Nice servers.   Food wasn't fantastic this time, but that doesn't mean I won't be back.  Sometimes we wait a while for service and our food, but we normally come late @ night or during busy hours so I don't hold it against them.   Appetizer sampler is always good.  My husband and I come often.   Carpets could use a cleaning, but all and all, good experiences are had here.
3 Not a bad IHOP...but it's an IHOP.  We have included this one in our cycle of breakfast joints.  It's clean and "they" don't go there.  It's tough to get to though.  If you are coming from North 83rd or east Bell - You need to turn into the Circle K parking lot, then over to the FEDEX parking lot, cross a street and into this place.  If you are a dinosaur and drive a big blue Buick, live in Sun City heading East on Bell - no problem!
