4 Gotta go to Davids bridal right?!? Well, this location had a lot of casual dresses. Emily was great- not pushy, very helpful. Ask for her!
2 Came to DB as my first experience trying on dresses. I made my appointment as I was instructed to do so. I had a list of dresses that I had seen online, wrote down the #s, etc and brought my list in with me. I arrived with my $1000 budget for my dress. So, the gal shows me to the dressing area, and I wait while she gets the dresses. She comes back with 2 or 3 of them, puts them in the room and says " ok, here you go, let me know if you need help" and poof, she was gone. Im standing in the room like, huh?? how do I even get this thing off the hanger?? Its a good thing my mom was there to help.  So long story short, I didnt buy anything this day. I just wasnt impressed with the overall store, how they did things, etc.. and I really didnt care that much for the dresses. Fast forward to the dress I bought: I found it at a small private owned boutique, had great service and its a gorgeous well made gown. Same price point and in some cases less than DB. Also, many of the reviews about DB is that they charge an outrageous amount for alterations and get this, you have to pay $15.00 more if you want a plastic bag!!   Dont rule out the small bridal shops because you think DB is cheaper. In a lot of cases, it wont be.   Now.. my only positive thing about DB is that if you are in a rush, you can get your dress the same day.. but it will have be cleaned.. and oh, I think you pay extra for that too.   For you west side brides, look at my review for Molina Bridal. Oh, and I didnt have to pay extra for my dress bag either.
4 I came in for alterations on a Sunday to an appointment I thought was scheduled online. Apparently their online scheduling is in no way linked to their alterations department. Anyway, they were kind enough to fit me in after someone who was scheduled in their book.  The staff was kind and I am confident my dress will turn out great.
3 My little sister is getting married! Wow! Yay! I always knew she'd get married before me (:  This particular David's store isn't the nicest I have seen. I suspect this is an older store. Some things deserately need updating. The mirrors are on the outside of the dressing room which is all well and fine but as a bridesmaid I want to know how hideous I look in this gown before I decide to go and show off for the bride to be. My sister-in-law and fellow bridesmaid couldn't have agreed more.   The staff was friendly enough. Flor, who was helping us, let me know that this wasn't her regular store but she still knew what was up. Carmen, also super friendly, came up and helped us while Flor was helping my sister in and out of dresses. There was some other lady with a bad attitude that was upset that we pulled several dresses off the rack. No one had told us not to do it, so we did. She didn't need to bark at us. Oh well. Some women just can't contain the bitch factor.   Never the less, my sister found the perfect gown and we all cried tears of joy. (:
2 Decided to try to start to find a dress and signed up for a consultation online. It seemed that any given time was available. Imagine when I arrive at the store to see a hoard of women lining along the doors. It was a flashback to black Friday.  Like the two women before me, they lost our online profiles and were sure we had wrong numbers we filed under.  More paperwork. 15 minutes after my appointment was supposed to begin, I was taken back to be "fixed up" in body altering devices. These were like tools of destruction from the 1800's. A lot of promises were made about being helpful and "veiled" ect.  I wouldn't bank on it.  With a window of about 30 minutes before my consultant would come back to check on me  (and seeing her with at least 2 other parties) I knew that help would be hard to come by. Having family and my closest friends out of state, it was nice to have strangers (also awkwardly waiting for consultants) to take pictures. At least I scored some free deodorant!
3 This place was a little intense. It was very busy. Fortunately, they were able to get me in right away so I could try on a bridesmaid dress. They didn't have it the dress in the right size for me, but thats ok, I figured it needed to be ordered.  My 2 star deduction was because my sales girl left and I could not find her for a long time and I was standing there in this awkward bridesmaid dress. Another thing was there were no mirrors in the dressing room and the place was a little run down. It needs a little sprucing up.
3 It is what it is. We walked in to browse without an appointment- my mom, sister and I had time to do so after they arrived to Phoenix, and we figured even if we couldn't try on, no big deal, we could look!  Fortunately, they had plenty of afternoon slots because it as a weekday, so we had 45 minutes to browse before our appointment.  They weren't busy, but this store seriously needs more staff. Also, there are a TON of kids running around this place. A lot of other stores ask that children not come if possible (unless they need flower girl dresses I suppose), because they can easily damage items, and make the environment pretty chaotic-- this is not a reason I am giving this store only three stars, but I think it's important to know that you'll have rowdy kids zooming by you while they play tag in a bridal store, and babies who are crying because they are hungry and tired...  I honestly feel like the prices could be better- they do have some good options for brides on a small budget, but I ended up getting a unique, designer dress for the same price as a dress I'd likely see in other bride's pictures.  Our sales person was nice and helpful, but you could tell that the lack of staff was stressful for her- she was helping multiple brides at a time, and I feel like the level of customer service was poor due to this.  Also, why are there NO mirrors in the fitting rooms? You had to go on display to the whole store to see what something looked like-- a little embarrassing when the sample sizes are too small (and I am NOT a big girl). They should have samples in a better variety of sizes...
1 My fiance made an appointment about 3 months before this incident, which was March 18th 2013. She arrived 5 minutes before her appointment at 1055 am. Her, her mother and a friend entered the store through the unlocked doors and were then told to leave because they were not open. What kind of store unlocks the doors and then tells the customers they aren't open? Well the three of them waited till 5 minutes after they opened at 11am and were the first ones in the door. They were the first to sign in and they had an appointment. So why were other customers seen to before they were? Shoddy Management. They waited 40 minutes to be seen, while other customers just went right ahead and were seen before them. Even while waiting they asked for help and were turned down by excessively rude customer service employees.  The one star is only because I cannot give one lower. They have shoddy management, they have poor customer service, their word doesn't mean anything to them.
5 I have always had a great experience at this David's Bridal. They have been able to help me when I needed a last minute exchange on my wedding dress (long story, don't ask) and fitting me into alterations for my bridesmaids gown that is coming in a few days before the wedding.  They go above and beyond to make sure that I am happy with the service and product I receive. I have 2 weddings to be in this year and will happily get both of my dresses from here.  I have also purchased 2 wedding gowns from here as well (Wedding and vow renewal).  Couldn't recommend this place more!   Protip: It is busy on weekends. Go on weekdays if you can.
2 I went to two different David's Bridals as a bride with an appointment.  Both times no one helped me - they had "other" appointments they needed tending to.  They did not have suggestions or any dresses in my size for me to try on.  The dresses I found on line were never available in the stores and no one returned my class.  It was really an awful experience and I'm very glad I bought my dress somewhere else.
2 This David's was disappointing for me.  I already purchased my dress through a different location and my bridesmaids also purchased dresses from stores in Florida.  I have been scouring the city trying to find some of the "I Do" stickers in blue rhinestones for the bottom of my heels for the day of the wedding, and my fiancee suggested we stop in this store since we were in the area.    As luck would have it, they had them hanging right on the front display so we grabbed them up and went to check out. The woman in front of us was purchasing a dress and her consultant was helping to answer all her questions about fittings, bridesmaids dresses, timelines, and all the other things brides want to know.  We politely asked the attendant at the front desk if there was someone who could check us out and she said that the consultant helping the bride would be the one to check us out at the register.  We waited about fifteen minutes just to buy a small pack of stickers, which is certainly not their bread and butter as far as revenue, but not being helped by the several other people around the store who were available was frustrating. We ended up being checked out by another sales person who rang up a bridesmaids dress purchase - since the bride in front of us was still speaking with her consultant.  I'm guessing if the other consultant had not come up we would have waited at least another ten minutes for the stickers. We strongly debated just putting them back and ordering online.   Overall: C If you aren't there to purchase a dress, I wouldn't recommend them. Find accessories and other items at a wedding surplus store or jewelry store locally / online.
5 This review is about my shopping experience, so I haven't had any alterations or anything yet. I went shopping a couple days ago with my mom, maid of honor, sister and future mother in law and had the most amazing experience! I am a plus size girl and was worried about dresses not fitting, but they sizes up to 26 to try on and their 'woman' line has so many beautiful dresses! I was looking for a dress that had lace, beading and tulle. Guess what my consultant found?! The exact thing I was looking for and for a great price!   Nicole was my consultant and she was one of the nicest, funniest, most helpful people I have ever met! She really paid attention to what I wanted, listened to my feedback about what I didn't like and went above and beyond to make sure I found my dream dress! All of the ladies with me loved her and it was just great. We all had tears when I had THE dress on! I will definitely recommend this location and consultant to anyone. My maid of honor already said she is going to request her when she gets engaged. haha Thanks so much, Nicole and David's Bridal!
2 I came in looking for bridesmaid and flower girl dresses. The first consultant ditched us for a bride. From then on it was grab whomever we could get their attention to help us out. I don't take things personally but I did wish to have gotten a little bit of consistency with just one person. The managers were nice though they tried to help me in the end but I ended up going to a newer Davids in Avondale area the next day and they were able to find a solution to my flower girl dress problems by simply telling me they came in a color one shade down. I wish this location had took the time. They were super slammed and I just got the overall feeling that my business versus the brides buying their wedding dresses was not as important.
2 My shopping experience was pleasant. I tried on a couple dresses but knew walking in there that I was probably going to end up ordering my dress online. I wanted a knee length dress for my Las Vegas wedding that was less than 3 weeks away and there wasn't any in store I cared for. The consultant happily ordered my dress for me and said when it comes in to call them and they would get me in for alterations and steam it for me. Got my dress 10 days before the wedding and immediately called to get alterations and they said they could not get me in. And that they need 4 weeks to alter. Why was I told otherwise?? Now I have an appointment at another alterations place and I'm sure everything will work out but I am seriously an upset bride.
5 Worked with an awesome consultant Anna!! She was so very patient and accommodating to our needs. She took the time to really inform us of all the little details we did not think of. No pressure, very pleasant and so helpful. Would not work with anyone but Anna. Thanks for an amazing experience!
5 I had a wonderful experience at your store! Every worker I encountered was so welcoming. Anna Camp was my stylist and she was a true blessing! Her bubbly personality erased any stress of finding a dress, and made my experience a blast. She was very patient with me as I figured out what I needed in a dress, and she made great conversation with me and the family and friends I brought along. You can really tell how much she cares about the brides and bridal parties, and that she truly wants to be a part of making your dream day special. Thank you for the wonderful experience!
4 This location had Wow! service. I was there for bride's maid dress as a walk-in. Ordering dress w/in the 12 wk window. Our consultant Darian along w/her manager were helpful and accomidating. They were knowledgable on their inventory and knew their system to get my order completed. Chech out was seamless. Excellent customer service all around. I prefer this location compared to the west phoenix location.
