4 I only go on Tuesday for $1.25 Fish Taco night and they are yummy!   Where can you have dinner so cheap, besides Costco's hot dog and drink?
2 In general our family really likes Rubios.  This location does not seem to have the same quality or consistency as the one we go to in Surprise.  The few times we have stopped in, it has been somewhat disappointing.  That said, we would still go back only because we really like the menu, and they have truly healthy options with some menu items.  Just wish the food looked as good when it comes out of the kitchen as it does in Surprise.
4 Service is fantastic, always friendly.  I love the grilled veggie burro, and also the portabello and poblano taco!  My son loves the cheese quasadilla kids meal, it's sort of rolled like a cheesy burro which makes it easy for him to manage.  On our most recent trip my mom tried the grilled grande bowl and really enjoyed it, she said it was perfect for summer, not as heavy as a burro but very yummy.
2 I'm spoiled by the old location we had here in Surprise where the staff was fun, friendly, and on point. This location, the staff is indifferent, in a rush, and don't even make eye contact with you when you order. I really hate that.   The menu is the same and the food is good. But the staff is what really makes this location a 2 star joint. They really need to get a personality!
4 Rubio's is always a nice refreshing change from the other sit down fast food style places.  It is well decorated with fish and surfboards along with other sea side images. Palm tree tables are fun to sit under.  Great place to go for conversation on a date.    I love their shrimp burrito's and they have the best salsa bar!  I love that they also put out whole lemons because I do like a lot of lime and lemons on my shrimp.    The place is always clean even during high peek hours.  Must warn you the peek hours are packed!! This place is a very happening spot. Mainly the food is fast and it is good so makes for an excellent stop for lunch with coworkers.    Outdoor setting area with covered palm tree umbrellas to keep you out of the sun and sometimes they have the misters going.    They also have refreshing margarita's and ice cold beer.
3 I have now been here twice. The fish taco is like nothing I have had elsewhere, and I enjoyed it. I can't say that I like it as much as Chipotle, but it is decent food and it has Chipotle slightly beat when it comes to price (although it is still kind of expensive for what you get). One great thing about Rubio's though that I love is that they give you a free meal on your birthday (with signup). That shows that they care for their customers and it was what brought me into the restaurant. I will probably visit from time to time.
5 Great food fast.  Clean place.  Good service.  Try the shrimp burrito and fish tacos.
5 This Rubios has gotten much better!  I think that the quality has improved all the way around.  Great service, and good good food.  Monica is always friendly and helpful and I think she is a standout star here!
4 Clean tables and floor. Outdoor seating. Tasty fish tacos. Great place to stop for lunch.
4 We've been here twice, so far I am fairly impressed by the location. Clean, lots of seating inside and out, fast service. Got a burrito both times and there is a ton of food and its very good.  A little on the pricey side, at least the portions are big enough that we usually have left overs to take home.
