2 The dentist was very nice, but the dental hygienist was more concerned about her lunch than my teeth cleaning. I won't be going back.
1 I went to this dds. We were passing through vegas. He was very nice but a crook!!   I got an estimate of $4388 but if I bought a discount plan he was selling the price would be $3291. I ended up going to another dds that a friend recommended and found out that Dr Holm lied about me having a big cavity under a crown I had. Said after he filled it then the old crown would not fit back so I would need new one with build up. Cost $1582 not including the filling!!  I went for his X-rays & cleaning special for $59. The receptionist is not friendly at all, the only good thing was the very nice hygienist but She needs to work for an honest dentist. STAY AWAY FROM HERE or at least get a second opinion. I only gave one star cause no zero stars.
5 The team at Galleria Dental are like family! What a great bunch & they make you feel at ease. Dr Holm is very informative and never gets tired of my questions. He gives you his diagnosis and the "why" behind his recommendations. I appreciate his through explanations and his commitment to lifetime care vs a temporary fix. They have 2 hygienists here that Rock!!! I leave smiling from ear to ear. The ladies in the business office are great with their treatment estimates- and I always know they are the best guess at what my cost will be. With insurance... You never know.  I have recommended this office & team to do many people, I love it that much. And really... Who loves the dentist??? I can say I do, now. What are you waiting for... Give them a call. Mention their "get acquainted" deal for New Patients only and your cleaning, exam & X-rays are $59; what a great way to save some of your insurance dollars for treatment! Get your cleaning & check them out for yourself!
5 I had my teeth cleaned at this office recently and I've never experienced a more efficient hygienist.  She was timely and extensive.  Dr. Holm was pleasant and completely honest.  Dr. Holm's work is the best I have had in years. Most honest dentistry I have experienced and I do not plan to go anywhere else.
