3 Me and the hubby came here for a quick dinner after hitting ToysRUs. He got a sirloin & baked potato. It came with a side of grilled veggies that were a bit soggy. He loved the rest of the meal tho. I ordered a new item on the menu..fajitas! Chicken & steak combo for 11 bucks! They came out sizzling on a bed of rice with lottsa onions & peppers. It was such a huge portion..big enough to have shared! The server was a bit on the slow side. My iced tea was empty for half of my meal...glad I had water cuz those fajitas were hot! I took off a star for that..normally I wouldnt but he was checking on all the other tables around us..but not us.
4 Although I have eaten at this chain many times, this recent visit was the best.  The 9 Oz Sirloin was grilled to perfection and the veggies & baked potato along side just as good.  Service 9 out of 10.  Very attentive.   Tip: Get there at 3:00 pm and Miller Lite on tap is only $3.  Yay!
4 Carside to go is a great way of getting dine-In food with out dinning-in. It's fast and efficient. The Cajun shrimp from Applebee's however is not something I would recommend.
4 Stopped in here on Saturday with G money.  The host was pretty cool in finding us a table around the bar so we didn't have to go up and down any steps. Our server, Alysha (sp?) was one of the best servers I think I've ever had. If you've ever been to Applebees before you know the menu is pretty standard, but with a few cool dishes thrown in. The drink menu also has some nice looking selections on it. I'm not totally crazy about fruity drinks but the red apple sangria looked and sounded good. If I wasn't with my grandma who I still kind of feel awkard drinking around, I probably would of tried one.    We did the 2 for 20 because thats one of the best deals in town right now. The potato twists (i think thats what they are called) came out first. I love homemade potato chips but these were a little overdone. Some of the chips were a nice golden color, but many looked burnt. The queso blanco was pretty good that came with it.  Then she got the chicken finger basket and I got an oriental salad. It came with some kind of dressing and Alysha noticed that I didn't care for it so I asked for the teriyaki based one instead, much better. Everything in the salad was good, especially the grilled chicken. It was so big I didn't finish it, and I can eat pretty good tbh. She liked her chicken fingers and we declined dessert even though the blondie looked amazing. I just hate getting dessert at restaurants because they are so overpriced imo.  I'll probably be back to try their happy hour because of the cheap drinks and half price appetizers they had advertised on the table.
3 I came in on Saturday expecting it to be busy and it was a little bit, not as bad as I expected. The Food was good and the waitress was nice, but they get 3 stars due to all of the little problems there were, that if only 1 or 2 had happened I wouldn't of cared.   I'm going to give only the biggest of the problems, the 1st being that when they put down our food, they took away my daughters drink, which was half full, it took 10 min before I saw someone again to get it. When I received my Cowboy burger, which I got vegetarian with no bacon, there was no BBQ sauce on it, like there was supposed to be, and I don't mean there was just a drop on the bun, there's was none. I had to ask twice for the sauce, and I got it with my daughters water, and since I don't like to eat a burger dry, I usually have mayo, or BBQ, of Ketchup on it, my Burger was cold when I finally ate it. When the waitress dropped, and I mean dropped, the water and the BBQ on the the table, she was in such a hurry that even though the cup had a lid, it still spilled on the table, Luckily it didn't hit the food.  Now the reasons we kept having problems was the waitress, even though she was friendly, she was to busy handing out business cards for her makeup business and trying to get clients that we kept having issues.
1 Upon walking in, I stood for a few minutes and noticed 2 older women preparing to exit, there were 2 employees standing by the door, neither one opened the door for these women, I actually held both the interior and exterior doors for them, very loudly they thanked me and referred to me jokingly as "The Doorman" An older gentleman stated that this act of kindness was wonderful and while looking at the two employees, I responded "I was simply raised correctly" The host asked me how many were in my party while the server went to start opening the door for guests.  I responded that I had 2 people and the other one should arrive within a couple minutes.  The host then grabbed 2 menus and told me to follow him.  I started to walk with him, he stops puts the menus back into the host stand and then informs me it will be a few minutes.  Looking around, I did notice more than 8 tables that were empty/dirty so for me to be told to follow him and then be told basically "nevermind" was a little confusing.  My server Karen took 12 minutes to deliver my iced tea and my sister's water. Karen came up to our table and asked for our order but before we could answer her, she actually WALKED AWAY from us, to take someone else's order!  After she took their order she came back to finally ask us what we wanted, but then said "hold on" and began talking to another server behind our table and started to clean the table with her.  Finally when that table was almost cleared she came up to us and never once apologized, simply asking what we would like?   I calmly with a smile, asked for "another server please" She looked at me confused and walked back to the table behind us and finished clearing it with the other server and you could tell she was talking very inappropriate about us.  She walked away a few minutes later, was gone for a few, came back to the table and asked "Do you know who you would like to serve you" Karen was really trying my patience at this point, with the same calm smile I simply stated "someone better than her" She sent Mike R over, who I stupidly assumed was a manager, he was not, when I explained what had just happened while he was bent down elbows on the table like he was a friend joining us for dinner WHICH for the record I think is so annoying, he simply stated as he threw his hands up "How are you doing tonight, How are you doing tonight"  I quickly realized he was not a manager, because I know for a fact that is not how a manager would have handled the situation.  We gave him our order, which was the 2 for $24 and ordered the Spinach Dip for starters.  My steak I asked for medium rare and my sister ordered the Nawlins Skillet.   He was trying to get us to smile, but the annoying thing that I do not like is how he kept referring to me as "Boss" My name is not "Boss" do not refer to me as that!  While we waited for our appetizer I noticed that Karen was not doing too well with her other 3 tables, she actually picked her rear end 3 times while she was talking to the couple across from us, witnessed by more than just myself and my sister!  We referred to her as Typhoid Karen for the rest of the evening.  I over heard her telling someone that you did not have enough dishes so "of course people will just have to understand that" referring to the fact that another group of people had to wait for their food to be delivered...if this were the case, COME ON buy some more dishes, or better yet, hire some faster kitchen staff!!  I do not think guests should ever be told that you do not have enough plates to go around so we should just expect to wait.  Our appetizer was delivered, long after I felt it should have been and basically was plopped onto our table, the girl delivering it I only saw once and she never responded when my sister and I both thanked her.  With the exception of being called "Boss" repeatedly and the kneeling down to our table, Mike R was not that bad, he kept apologizing for everything taking so long.  We were there for well over an hour, which I felt, was way too long.  It did not take us long to eat our meals.  Everything was the wait for our food and our drinks.  Never once did a manager approach our table, I might be mistaken, but from what I recall, whenever there is an issue like that, a server should advise the manager to visit the table.  I never once witnessed a manager at all.  I understand that this is just Applebee's, but seriously it is not like we were ordering off the $1.00 menu at McDonalds, I would expect better service here.  I would also expect a server to refrain from digging in her rear (yes it was on the outside of the pants, but still!!) until she is in the bathroom or away from the dining patrons.  My sister also informed me that when the server swung the door open to allow her to enter he did so in a matter that it almost hit her in the face because of the force of which he threw the door open.  She had to take a step back as the door almost greeted her face.
4 I give it four stars the service could be a bit faster. Their is no need to wait for drinks for over an hour. Otherwise the food is great!
5 My favorite item is the Asian chicken salad!
5 first of all i want to say that i was sick when i went there, and around there i couldnt find any place that has soups. i wen there and had soup, one the chicken tortilla and the othere was the tomato basil soup, both soups were really good and the service was awsome. Nicole E made it possible to have what i wanted and she suggested hot tea over iced tea because i was sick.
1 Stay home, go to Chili's or go somewhere the service is good. I will NEVER go here again after waiting an HOUR for boneless wings and a salad. Are you kidding me??? lol  Just say no people!
1 After being in the restaurant for 20+ years not much surprises me but this had to have been one of the worst experiences ever.  When we got to the restaurant it started with a great greet by a host who could be explained as a seater.  I thought it was amazing that the seater greeted us until the main host got back to the front.  It was busy so I thought this was a great show of team work.  The host was great.  She brought us to the table an even told us who our server and the manager on duty was.  I thought it was a great touch.  It was down hill from here.  The server came to the table and mumbled her name, could barely hear her.  We order soup and app for our daughter and 2 items for my wife and I.  We told the server repeatedly to bring the soup with my daughters cheese sticks as an entree so she could eat with us.  She did not.  The soup came out first and the French onion was a hot mess.  The cheese was clumpy and you could not find the bread.  My daughters cheese sticks came out finally and my wife and I waited over 30 minutes for our food.  Thankfully our daughter was able to eat.  When it came out the cheese looked like it was sitting under the heat lamp, that coagulated look, and it was cold.  We sent ours back and then a few minutes later they did the unspeakable in our business.  They brought our old food back out to the table for us.  Why didn't they throw it out!!!  An older manager had already come out and said that out food would come out hot.  Nope,  it came out dead!!  We told the person who ran out the dead food that it was the same food and she said "I don't know I am not your server."  Our server came out and they began to argue at the table about the dead food.  The server took it away knowing they made a mistake and they finally got our food out.  The second time it was good but over 45 minutes after we got there.  The second manager came out and apologized.  Then we waited 15 minutes for the check so they could "do something for is" as the server explained as she was walking by our table,  kind if like a drive by.  The entire experience was rediculous and unprofessional.  I can't imagine running my restaurant this way or my wife working at hers like this.  We will not be back!
1 Feeble attempt at service.  C'mon if I order a Turkey Bacon avocado sandwich, then put Bacon on it.  Unfortunately the server didn't check back with us until after we had finished.  Didn't offer to fix anything.  YOU OWE ME SOME BACON that I paid for.  Thank god for surveys and yelp to vent.
3 Good is good but service at this location sucks. I always order to go and have to come in to get my food and always have to wait longer than estimated.
5 Food and service A + we love this place. Really awesome vibes. There's never really  long wait..
5 Nicole and CJ are the bees knees. I have a food allergy, and they've never made me feel weird about making obscure special requests because of it. I recommend this Applebee's for these two ladies. Pretty sure they work later, so catch them for happy hour at the Applebee's bar. Totes.
4 Because it's a chain, Applebee's is hard to mess up.   We stopped in before heading back to the airport on our way out of Las Vegas. Our waiter was wonderful, the service was quick, and the food was tasty.   Plus, they have these awesome touch screens at every table where you can order appetizers and desserts, and pay your bill (if you're using a card)! How handy!
