4 I enjoy playing at Tuscany. It is one of Las Vegas' newer golf courses. My first time at Tuscany - the Club house was in a converted quonset hut / tent.  They now sport a beautiful club house and restaurant. The club initially had some problems growing grass in  this arid part of Vegas, so the team from Rhodes Ranch came in took it over and the course has been blooming ever since.  Rhodes Ranch is the "sister" course and you can often get supurb package deals for plying both courses. The course is well laid out with a number of sand traps that seem to play right to my driving distance.  There is enough water on the course to splash a few misplaced shots The course winds past the beautiful stone clocktower has spacious fairways. The theme of the course centers around wine and vineyards making it fairly unique. I think this is an excellent course for the price you pay.  You have to drive a bit further than some of the Summerlin courses but it is a super experience.
4 I'd probably give this place 5 stars once the new clubhouse is built. But miles far from the strip in outer Henderson is the Tuscany Golf Club. It's places in a incomplete housing development which, when finished, is going to look absolutely sublime.  As for the course, it is in impeccable condition. A resort course that has plenty of tees for all skills, is very easy to play and has huge fairways and easy greens to hit into. What I love about this course is the fact it is a Vegas course. One where you can make bets: plenty of Par 5's, drivable Par 4's and a great 18th hole, over a water hazards, just in case you have any press bets.  The course does run through a housing project, and you are somewhat close to a few houses for a few holes. But the houses don't cause much of a nuisance. This is a fun course to play, it's easy to score. But a word of warning: watch out for the wind. It picks up here pretty hard!
3 This sister course to Rhodes Ranch, this golf course is tucked near Lake Las Vegas.  Thankfully, it hasn't suffered the same fate as the Lake Las Vegas courses....it's managed to stay open during the recession.  Here are my thoughts on this course:  Pros - It's both a fun and challenging course.  The fairways aren't too tight, but some holes have the appearance as if they are narrower than they actually are.  - The course is in good shape most of the time.  - The rates are great for the type of golf course you get to play on.  Cons - It's location is far from my house & the Strip.  Unless you live in Green Valley or Henderson, it's a drive.  - There is no permanent clubhouse.  Unfortunately, it never got completed.  There were plans to do it, but with the economy tanking, it's on hold for a while I'm sure.  - Because there isn't a permanent clubhouse, the food is served out of a snack bar type restaurant.....the food quality isn't good.  - The driving range can get cramped, especially if there are lessons being held and it's the weekend.  Overall, I rate this place 3 Stars....if they had a permanent facility and better food, I might bump it up to 4 Stars.  Will I return?  Next time I feel like driving to Egypt to play golf, sure.
4 I'm rounding up here.... as I would like to give them a 3.5 stars.  It's a really nice course (better than Legacy, not as nice as Rio Secco).  They get 2 stars for the Trailer which is the golf shop/restaurant which has been that way since... I got here 4 years ago.  I guess "the economy" isn't helping... BUT... they always seem to be booked... busy... lots of golfers... whenever we go (which granted isn't all that frequently.. but still.)  LOCATION: 3 stars It's in BFE... on your way to Lake Las Vegas... so if you live in Summerlin or NLV... this is going to be a hike.    For me ... from GVR... it's a quick hop, skip and a jump... 20 minutes.  COURSE: 4 stars Played it less than 2 weeks ago and it was in really good shape. Surprisingly ... as I thought maybe with it being "winter" and the "bad economy" the management might "let it slide".  But Thankfully, they did not and it looks great and the greens while on the fast side (what isn't in Vegas) are not filled with pock marks.  The fairways are green and well kept.  The roughs don't look like weeds... and are mostly forgiving... sort of.  Hand wedge works every time if you need to.  I managed to find almost every fairway bunker... so I can't remember having a favorite hole.  Beware of goose poop on #9, #17, #18.  BEV CART: 4 stars The gal made a GREAT Bloody Mary.  :)  If you're local, sign up for their e-mail ... and you'll get Special Pricing. And if you work "in the industry"... aka casinos... you get even better pricing but you have to let them know when you make the reservation. And I think it's only good 24 hours in advance.  But ask when you call to make a tee time.
3 Great golf carts, nice grounds, medium difficulty, small bar area but nice.
4 Wow!!!! This used to be such a sad course out in the middle of nowhere. Now it is a gem. Great conditions, reasonable rates, and a more vibrant community surrounding the course make this a awesome excuse to hit the links.  I have played it a few times now, the last being over two years ago, but they have really done a great job at making Tuscany one of the best courses in town.  The only drawback was the slow pace of play with no marshall and the bunkers were not very good, i.e., no sand in some of them. Everything else was top notch, though. The fairways, tee boxes, greens, and rough were all very green and lush especially by Las Vegas standards.
2 This course falls short of some of most of the other courses I've played in the Vegas area. It feels like they ran out of money to build nice facilities. Unfortunately, the staff was pretty awful as well so it's hard to find many reasons to come back here..  *The clubhouse (if you will) is a trailer. The snack bar is a dirty grungy room in a trailer.. with rude staff and high prices.  *No bottled water provided *We stood around awkwardly for 20 minutes after our tee time (after asking 3 staff for help) before we were finally given some sort of instruction. It seemed the guys working here were more interested in modeling their ray bans than they were about working or helping out. "Can we get a cart to put our bags on" "um no", "ok our tee time was 10 minutes ago, when can we start" "no clue", etc. UGH *The course it self is a big yawn. As a beginner, playing on a very easy course was nice, but it lacked any sort of challenge and interesting features. I find playing at the little executive course, Desert Willow, more exciting than playing here.   Overall not such a great experience. The course was pretty well kept, so they get points for that. If the staff wasn't so damn rude, they'd get 3 stars.
3 Fun course to play regardless of skill level. Decent prices most of the time. I would give it four stars, but they try to pack as many golfers as possible on the course. Sign up for their email list to get the best deals.
4 I have played allot of courses in Vegas but his one was the in the best condition I have ever played. Clubhouse and pro shop id below average but I don't go golfing for that. I payed $25 for twilight 18, cart, and range...great price for a nice track plus booked online and got 2 free beers.
3 I would love to give this course 4 or 5 stars, but there are just a few issues this course is having. The last 3 rounds I've played here, I've played 5 to 5 and a half hour rounds. They're clearly packing the course too much, or they're stacking tee times too closely together. Id rather pay $5-$10 more and play a round here that I wasnt waiting 15 minutes on every tee box.  As far as course conditions, AMAZING! One of the best in town. The player services guys, great customer service. I remember a guy named Kyle and Andy helped me, good guys.  Just wish they'd have a little better time management skills here.
4 Tuscany is a fun course to play! I am always scoping out a great golf deal in Vegas in the summer. I play at 3pm in the summer. who cares if it's 107!? After about 3pm it's 19$ for a round that includes range balls, a cart with GPS, and two beers or sodas from the clubhouse. You really can't beat that price and the golf is great, too!  You should also know that Tuscany has an Iphone app. You can set up an account and make T-times right from your phone. They are on the way to Lake Las Vegas, but  not that far so stop whining and go whack a par! Now get out there and golf!
1 Dog Track.  One of the worse courses I've played and after reading the reviews it must be a just us eh?    We played as non-residents, when we called for reservations we didn't think to ask about the conditions but the ProShop should have given a heads up or offered a discount on the green fees.  We found out they were 2 weeks away from overseeding but already the course has gone to shhhit - maybe they're rationing the water here with the drought but at times it was like hitting out of an alley way or stuck in mud (in the fairway!).  It DID NOT look like the pictures on the website.  Staff were lethargic and unresponsive - why have 5 guys standing around at the tent if they're not going to wipe clubs, get a cart or provide even a towel to cool off.  On the front 9 we didn't see a cart girl - we saw her once on the back.   We took our time teeing off since there wasn't anyone behind or after us, but we soon caught up with a group of 3 - even after skipping a hole to get a head, there were several other groups playing at a snails pace with no push from the marshal.  It's called Ready Golf - I don't want to spend 5 and half hours in 95 degree heat when there's only 25 people playing on the course.  Insane.   I will say there's some nicely laid out holes and if the course wasn't brown and chopped up - there could have been a better time.  Regardless I won't be back and it won't be on my recommendations list next time I'm in town.
3 1st break in the rule of no 3 stars.   I think I have some good feedback.    Course / Conditions: The layout is as described, not too tough for the hacker, but the tee boxes and adding yardage ramp the course up.   #9 and #18 are great holes with water caries on each.  18 is one of the toughest for shorter hitters.   I am not long and from the 2nd tees back hit in to 9 on my first pass at the course, but in 3 rounds (on either hole) that was the sole time I went for it.   The back nine from 15 in to 18 were my favorite layouts.  Greens in good shape, fairways pretty nice, just a few chunky spots.  Clubhouse / Staff: A negative here was that on the first of the 3 rounds, there were just 10 tee boxes set up.  I went to practice some chips and came back 15 minutes prior to my tee time and no spots were available on the range.   They had more blocks and balls, but would not open any up.  Balls were also so beat up, not vice like most ranges.  The tees also hardly had any grass to hit off, they needed to be moved, but they chuckled when I mentioned this.  Staff in Pro Shop were nice.  Pace: Biggest gripe was this!   On first round for nearly the entire day, had to wait 5 minutes on each tee.   Come on now, 8 minutes for each group will do this on a busy day.   Would have been a 4 star review had this been better.  Slope Rating: I think a bit high, but perhaps my first round (6000ish yards - 123 slope) of the 3 was an anomaly.   I could not come close the last two rounds.  I played the 2nd set back on 1st round, then the Lilla 6500 ones the 2nd and 3rd rounds.      Would I go again, yep.   Worth the price, yes, got a deal through Golfnow and it was fair.
4 Great looking course, especially for Dec. Like the whole package of breakfast/lunch/2 beers/cart/round of golf. Fairways amazingly green and lush, greens were very nice.  Range balls were bad though. Very old and some cracked open.
4 The deal I purchased online was good. Package had range balls, green fees, cart, breakfast and lunch. The course overall was nice - lots of green. The greens were in decent shape, fairways were nice, bunkers had soft sand. I would play this course again. The cart had lots of juice. The pace of play was good. The food was alright as well. eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, oj etc. Lunch I had to skip but the club house was packed so my impression was it was good.
5 Such a nice course. Both times I've gone, the course was perfect. Fairways and greens are so well kept. Best part is I paid $30 to play. Fairly wide open course with a few well placed hazards. Only problem I have with this course is that it's pretty far from my house. But worth the drive for sure. Compared to Bali hai and rio seco, Tuscany was way nicer and for way less.
4 course was overbooked but they are not only one guilty of this in town. It was a aesthetically gorgeous course, well conditioned, amazing views, at a sick price of $21 for 1pm at www.ezlinks.com. Really enjoyed it.
1 Where do I start ? What a disappointment . Not worth the drive or the money. There are no carts avail till your tee time so no putting prior to your round . The starter is an IDIOT ! We told him our name 3 times & he said oh follow that group .. Ok then 5 mins later he said oh you are playing with that group that already tee off meet them on next hole ?? Really ?? So we missed the first hole. Pace was not great waiting on holes & hello !! Women play this game too ! I only saw one woman my wife ! Way over cooked got hot dogs .. We will not return !
5 Great crew, course was in great shape, every lie was perfect. The greens were a lil bumpy, but thats just because lazy people don't fix theyre ball marks. Hot dog at the the turn was delish and delivered with a smile. I will come back soon!
2 I'm very sad to say that I'm giving this course a bad review. I would have listed this as a 1 star but the greens were well kept and the course was in good shape for now (Which would have been enjoyable if we could actually play the course. See below).  Let me first start with the positive, and that is the course was very nicely maintained and looked picturesque.  So there's that.  Ok, so I'm a local and was invited out with my coworkers to play this course for the first time.  First thing I will say is that the staff sucked. The clubhouse clerk had the demeanor that he didn't give a s**t about anything, which was really off putting to start things off.  The starter clerk and the golf cart clerk were the same. This is a golf course not a Denny's you guys. Step up your manners please.  What ever, just get me on the course and it'll be ok right? Wrong! Let me start by saying that I have never seen a course SO OVERBOOKED in my life! Our tee time was a twilight keep in mind. They were backed up by 3-4 groups every hole. At hole #4 I counted 17 people on one hole! 17!! 4 people on the green, 4 people on the fairway, 4 on the tee box, 2 waiting in cue, then my party of 3. Unacceptable! UNACCEPTABLE! We finished 9 holes in 3 hours and 45 mins then went back to the club house to file our feedback. When my coworker tried complaining about the overbooking, he was told by the clerk in a condescending manner, "that's why they call it a twilight."  That was enough to send us walking out and never returning. I will never recommend this course to any of my clients or friends. Sorry guys.
4 Course is in great condition, fairways and greens are perfect. Today I played a Twilight round, the course is definitely busy, we teed off at 3:20 and played 15 holes.  One of the most picturesque courses in town.
5 thanks to this golf course, now i can't play at my reg LA public courses.  THANKS ALOT.  this place is a heaven, well the overcast weather did help!  as for service, i didnt deal with anyone except the lady at the bar inside and she was super nice!
