2 These ladies don't know how to cut a guys hair.  I've been here a few times and it is my fault for going back.  I have fairly long hair and the last two times I have gone to get it trimmed they have completely screwed it up.  The first time I told the girl I wanted the slightest trim.  She cut quite a bit of hair off.  This last time (and the LAST time) I told her I wanted a decent trim and she could cut a bit off.  She gave me the slightest trim.  These girls should have switched places.  Save your money and cut your own hair.  Don't go here!!!
4 I got a good haircut and style at a decent price. The girl did what i asked when i showed her a picture. Theres a special right now - 7 foil highlights,cut, dry, waxed brows all for $60!
5 I have been going to Mastercuts at Galleria Mall, Sunset Dr., Hednerson for over a year now. I would like to specifically commend DALYNN for her professionalism, courtesy, and superb styling skills. She made an effort to understand how I wanted my hair cut and styled the first time I was there, and since then getting a haircut has always been  a most convenient and fun experience for me. I just call to schedule an appointment, show up on time, greet Dalynn, and the rest is easy. She is always sharp, meticulous, attentive, and super nice.   I highly recommend Dalynn at Galleria Mastercuts without any reservation.
3 I used to go here and I had a favorite stylist that used to work here, too.  However, she no longer works there and I had to search for a new stylist.   From time to time, I would just go here for a trim because the price is reasonable and they do a semi-decent haircut or trim.   The workers here are nice and a lot of them seems young.  I dont mind going here for a trim or cut a few inches off my hair, but I wouldnt go here for a hair color or a drastic haircut.
5 I have been going to Britney for the past year, and she has been completely excellent!   I used to live on this side of town, and searched yelp for a good Salon. I didn't really car much about price, I just wanted someone good.  When I searched, this Master Cuts came up as one of the most recommended.  I'm really sketchy about these salon chains after have a bad hair cut done at Super Cuts years back. But I sucked it up and called and made an appointment. I got paired with Britney. She fixed my crap layers from a bad dye job that broke off my hair. and completely took her time.  I've been going ever since! She always takes her time and knows exactly what I want when I throw out ideas.  She always finds the middle ground!  Additionally, when I first started going to Britney,  I had dark hair which is not my natural, I told her that I wanted to go back Blonde the healthy way. She has done phenomenal! My first trip to lighten my hair took 5 hours! I appreciate a good hair stylist and now 5 of my friends go to her.    If you choose Master cuts, go to Britney. She is amazing!
5 Everyone at this location is great.  I am easy so however my hair is cut is great.  Laura is quite the superstar in my opinion.  She can carry a conversation that you can enjoy and a haircut to compliment it.  I, however, just like to close my eyes and wander off.
