4 I am giving Anita's a four star for their mild salsa, awesome, and their carne asada tacos.  My favs.  This place is a local favorite, there are not many places to choose from in Wickenburg.  My only complaint is that all of the entrees kinda taste the same.  This is not authentic mexican but rather mexican-american.
4 Great casual Mexican restaurant. Large dining rooms, and nice comfortable  tables too.  The service was brisk, the food was above average (which means a lot here in Arizona), and the low prices were a bonus. I had the Tostada and Taco and was thoroughly satisfied. The chips and Salsa were good too - though the salsa could have used a little more heat.  I have not tried any other restaurants in Wikenburg yet, but I will definitely try this one again.
3 For one of only a few restaurants, Anita's was pretty good.  Nothing too exciting - good mexican food, casual atmosphere at affordable prices.  I was in town for Family Week at a rehab - wont be heading back to Wickenburg anytime soon!!
4 Great Chile Relleno. We went early for lunch and were a little disappointed by the service. But the food more than made of for that. The fried iced cream was a treat, and the sopapillas were decent.   I would definitely go here again if I were in the Wickenburg area.
4 I havent been to this place in years, but when I lived down there we used to go all the time. I remember it being the best mexican food I'd ever had. The best part was you got two kinds of salsa, one that was mild, and one that was super hot. They had really good tamales, and taco salad. I hope it is still just as good. If I ever get  back to Wickenburg that will be one of my first stops.
3 drove up to wickenburg w/friends to have lunch we decided to try anitas . i had the carne asada tacos w/beans the beans were smokey and flavorfull tacos were very good as well wife had the chili rellenos good flavor our friends meals were brought to them and the server switched them so it took our friends a few minutes to figure that out..service was good (except for the mix up) will defenetly return they also do breakfast
2 well I must say i have taken a star away from anitas and can barley muster up 2 stars we were up in wickenburg for the marty stuart show on friday we decided to go to anitas for dinner before the show we were seated right away and brought chips and salsa then waited about 5 min before our very friendly server arrived . I ordered a margarita which was way too sweet must have been margarita mix, i had the 6 rolled taquitos w/beef and guac and sour cream $9.50  I thought a little pricey ...WHERES THE BEEF, the wife had a taco salad which had lettuce chicken and cheese....no tomatos/beans The menu was also very limited this week end was gold miner days so i think the menu might have been catered to that over charge and limited menu.As we talked to some of the locals no one talked very highly of this place and said   IT USE TO BE GOOD
5 This is an excellent little find in Wickenberg with a traditional atmosphere, friendly service, and excellent food at reasonable prices. The chips and salsa are excellent as they are crispy and greasless with a fiery salsa. Since it was going to be a late lunch and we were saving room for Golden Corral, I ordered the six rolled tacos (tacitos) which are crispy and greasless with tender shredded chicken and topped with the best caso fresco I have ever had. Round it all off with a cold Dosekes and you will not be disappointed. So, for excellent Mexican food at reasonable prices with friendly service in a traditional atmosphere, Anita's cannot be beat. Keep up the good work guys.!
3 My family and I always stop at Anita's Cocina when visiting Wickenburg. The last last time I visited was during summer, I was disappointed with my meal. They burnt my mini tacos but they gladly replaced my order. Definitely will go back again and order a different meal.
3 In the nice little town of Wickenburg, former hub between L.A. and Phoenix, Anita's Cocina serves very acceptable Mexican (Americanized) food,  The menu is not huge, but all the usual players were there.  I was hoping for a crack at the pulled pork-potato taco mentioned below, but, alas, none was to be found.   The stars of the meal were the light, crispy tortilla chips and the "mild" salsa, which had great flavor and enough of a tingle that kept me from trying the "hot" version.  I would buy that salsa by the gallon...  The BF had his usual chile relleno, which he pronounced very tasty.  It looked to be not as fluffy-battered as some I've had, but he was satisfied.  I had a red pork tamale (decent, nothing special) and a shredded beef taco (beef very tender, nicely stuffed, tortilla not fried crisp, which would have been my preference.)  The beans and rice were very edible.  GO......go to Wickenburg, support their economy, it's a nice little place, great little Western museum.  If we go back and we're hungry for Mexican food, doubtless we will be returning to Anita's....and I will be on the lookout for that pork-potato taco.....
3 Good but not great ... the taco is tasty (well I should say the meat) but everything else is just average.  Not bad but nothing to be amazed about.  Fast service and no complaints.  A great place to get your Mexican food fix on.
3 We were returning from the Laughlin River Run and stopped in Wickenberg to eat as we were having a Mexican food craving.  The Chevron attendant recommended Anitas.  We were seated right away.  Restaurant was busy which is always a good sign, I think.  Well, the food was just okay in my book.  My husband had the SHREDDED BEEF CHIMICHONGA and he really liked it.  I had the two SHREDDED BEEF TACOS COMBO.  The rice was undercooked and the refried beans were watery and cold.  The tacos were in a soft corn tortilla so it kind of fell apart as I was eating it.  The food was tasty, portions were average/small for Mexican.  We finished everything and ate a bowl and half of the chips which were the best ever.  We were hungry.  Service was pretty good, seating was uncomfortable and bathrooms are to be desired.  Just okay.
4 Excellent service and above average fare. Hot salsa and very light tortilla chips can fill you up. I had the Carne Asada burrito.
1 Used to be good.The last few years this place has really gone downhill. The food is very bland, no taste what so ever. Taco bell is preferred over this place, and many of the locals will tell you that it is not good like it used to be.
1 These people do not know how to run a business!  The special was listed at $7.95, and the waitress asked me if I wanted the guacamole and sour cream on the side.  Being calorie conscious, I said yes.  When I received my bill it was $14.98. Obviously a mistake!  When I questioned the waitress, she said I was charged for the guac and sour cream.  I complained to the manager and he said he would speak to the waitress and tell her she needed to say the goodies would be extra.  He would NOT remove the $7.00 charge from my bill.  When I asked why, he stated "Well, you ate it, didn't you?"  TERRIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICE!! Although the food was good, I will NEVER GO THERE AGAIN and I suggest that everyone stay away from this poorly managed business.
5 One of the best restaurants in Wickenburg! Has great food and the service is top notch.
4 Food was very good for a sleepy little AZ town, this was impressive.  The salsa tasted extremely fresh and my wife said she wanted to get chips and salsa to go for a snack on our trip to Vegas.
2 Wife and I had some some time to waste before daughters performance. So we had something small to eat at Anita's.  1st) Chip and Salsa: Chips were greasy and rubbery? Don't know how this is capable! But they did it! 2nd) Shredded beef taco, green chili tamale plate: Rice tasted like a uncle Ben's rice out of the box. Beans were OK, didn't quite like the taste. Both were way to salty. I however did like their taco, beef was reasonable seasoned. 3rd) Water: Now after sharing this plate I was drinking water. Now during the meal, I noticed the glass was dirty. All this time I thought it was from me? Turns out it was inside the glass.  I will never come back here again, even though everyone was very friendly, and our service was decent.
4 The number 5 in the combo selection was esp good!  Pork Burrito, yum!  Wait staff checked on us regularly, good place!
3 On our cross country journey from San Diego we stopped here for lunch after making it to Wickenburg. The food was as to be expected.  I did not think there was anything special, but it was good and if I was back in Wickenburg would eat here again.  I was not too pleased with guacamole appetizer (not a fan of cheese on my guac.). The chicken fajitas were solid.
4 Love the chips and salsa and family atmosphere.  Fajitas are excellent and you can't beat a top shelf (patron) Cadillac margarita for $7, at least not back home.
4 Just ate at Anita's this past weekend and it was great. Love the chips and salsa. Had the carne asada tacos and they were delicious. The refried beans are good too. The only thing was they had run out of sour cream but gave us some guac instead which worked out fine.
4 Had lunch here while on a business trip and loved it.  The salsa was fresh and flavorful. I had the daily special which was a pork taco and a cheese enchilada with rice and beans. Tasted homemade. I cleaned my plate. Definitely would go back and try more.
5 While riding back from the Laughlin River Run we stopped for lunch at Anita's.  Being a Southwest native, I thought the food was fabulous.  Firstly, they brought out two kinds of salsa (service was awesome, BTW) - hot and mild.  I ate a lot of each and really enjoyed both.  The hot was not too hot, and had lots of flavor.  The mild was excellent as well.  I especially loved the chips - nice and crisp with a little bit of oil and salt - perfect for my "Devil May Care" diet.  I ordered the number 11 plate - Chile Relleno, Taco, Beans, Rice, Tortilla.  It was huge, so I ate half and took the rest home with me on my motorcycle!  Did I say the service was awesome?  It is some of the best service I have yet received at any restaurant.  Also, we found lots of parking because it was a Sunday.
5 Anita's Cocina is by far is Wickenburg's best restaurant! They have great food, large menu to select from, very friendly staff and a great atmosphere.
4 Great little place. Food was fresh and comforting. Recommend it for a quick bite.
5 Best Mexican Food in Town!
2 Chips are stale and some were quite rubbery. I think they are cooking them in too low of a temperature oil. Salsa is delicious though. A great chipotle flavor to the hot salsa. I had the two taco meal. One chicken and one shredded beef. They were ok. Nothing to rave about. Overall, a solid 2 star place. Worth the money I guess.
5 As always the food was perfect and service was great!  We are a large family with 3 little ones and Anita's and staff always go out of their way to accommodate us.
5 My family lives almost an hour away from Anita's yet we seem to make the trek to eat there monthly. Their food is so delicious. I have never ordered something I didn't love. The salsa is amazing!! Everyone is always so incredibly friendly and the service is great. I always recommend this restaurant. It is definitely worth the drive!
5 On the way from Tucson to Vegas, we get the urge for tacos... and we find Anita's... and we take god and every Mexican that we did.  From the outside, it looked very nice. When we walked in, we were instantly greeted and given a variety of seating options. Out server was an absolute sweetheart.  Sitting among locals and those who stop in every time the pass through, we quickly learned that everything on the menu was good and that you have to try all of the salsas.   The mean was just fantastic. Tacos, enchiladas, rice, all cooked and seasoned perfectly. A full dinner for two, for under $20, and served with a very personal touch.  We will stop in any time we find ourselves in the area.
1 The staff was not very friendly or attentive.  The chili relleno was disgusting.  To start, it is the LAZY way to make one.  All it was was an omelet, very thick, with a half of a poblano in it that tasted old frozen.  The taco with it had good meat, but the shell was soggy on the bottom from sitting on top of the other items on the plate and it was "anemic" looking.  This was my first and LAST time there.
4 Great food all around. Salsa was very good as was the service. Will be going back soon. Only thing I didn't care for was the mex rice... not a deal breaker at all.
3 This place was ok. I liked the chips and salsa. Ordered a red burro enchilada style and it was just ok, I've had better and I've had worse ! For being in Wickenburg it was not bad, I would go back if I was hungry and in the area
1 I was very disappointed with there service food staff and owner  !! Mostly owner !!! He was very rude treated his workers  terrible with no respect at all  on a level if he had a lot of  prejudice  in him. As well  he had no respect for  individuals that sacrifice and service are country for are freedom .. That is one area that really upsets me . He would not be a owner of that business if it wasn't forhusbands or wives or  are sons and daughters serving are country that is like spitting  in a persons face ... I will never step a foot in his business again and would not recommend anyone to waiste there time and there money on low budget wanna be Mexican food !!
4 I'm always so happy with dinner at Anita's! My parents live here in Wickenburg and I look forward to Mexican food all week long every time I visit. Anita's is a must. The service is great and I'm always happy with my huge plate of delicious tex-mex!   I was in Thailand a couple of months ago and after a few weeks, needed a change. I made my way to a Mexican restaurant (yes, a Mexican restaurant in Thailand!) and I happened to meet someone who was a huge fan of Anita's! I guess it's world famous! :)
3 I can see why people like this place (big portions, chips!), but I didn't find the food memorable.  It could be it's one of the few eating places in Wickenburg open past 8 p.m.  It's difficult to find unique Mexican food in the Southwest.  And you're not going to fin unique Mexican food in Wickenburg.
2 I went there yesterday with my wife and mom.  Not bad but not really authentic.  Very tex mex I guess.  My wife had the Chile rellenos which she said were not good.  I had the Mexican pizza which was very large and OK.  Great salsa.  Expensive also..  The salsa and chips are very good though.
5 For a Mexican restaurant I thought it was fantastic. Everyone at the table was absolutely pleased with the meal. Plus they were very quick with the food.
2 Frozen margarita was sub-par, a bit weak.  I had ground beef taco, tostada and rice and wasn't impressed with any of it.  It wasn't bad, just not memorable to the point where I will not feel the need to return. Staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is clean.
5 Every time I come to Wickenburg I have to eat at Anita's. I dream about the hot salsa, it is so good.  This weekend I had the 1/2 size chicken quesadilla and was not disappointed.  Great service and reasonable prices.  I highly recommend you trying this restaurant.
3 We ate here for lunch. My husband had beef taco salad. It was very good but not very much, the shell was only half filled.  I had a beef chimichanga and it was very good.  Service was very good. The cushions on the chairs were not clean.  Prices were a little high for lunch.
2 Lunch: Wait staff was friendly, food ok but don't go there if you need to be anywhere near meal time - takes FOREVER to get served and get your check so you can be on your way :-(
2 Awful food!! Shells are not crispy, partially cooked, meat has NO NO NO flavor.  Their combinations stink - People don't just eat Enchilada's! Poor choice on the Taco salad. Rolled tacos are called Taquitos.  There is no juiciness with the Fajitas, the prices are out of sight. Re-fried Beans are usually mashed so there are bits of beans, but not whole uncooked beans...disgusting! Kid's menu goes to 10, what are 11, 12  year olds? Adults?   Your menu needs an overhaul. The bathrooms are small and smell like mildew. Waitresses take forever to get you drink refills - unless its a bar item. The space in the building is so cramped you can't sit 4 comfortably at a table.   The old green color on the walls is so uninviting. Why not decorate like an authentic Mexican restaurant? Horse pictures - is old west, not Mexican. American / Mexican restaurant - maybe.   Anita's Cocina is tired, needs a desperate update. Get with today's technology offer free wifi. Take your outside decorations inside, call restaurant impossible...you need help!
4 My family and I had dinner on the way Mesquite, NV.  We thought it was great!  I had the shredded beef tacos with rice and beans.  I think it's cool they give you the option of whole beans or refried.  The rice was good and the tacos were great!  They weren't greasy like most Mexican restaurants.  The salsa was very good - definitely made there and not from a bottle.
1 Nice decor, friendly staff, the food won't make you sick, but...the chef must be from Indiana with her recipe testing staff from Iowa. Bland beyond belief. My Chile Rellano sauce tasted like chicken stock with corn starch, that's it! Hot sauce was mild, OK the chips were good. Go somewhere else if you want Mexican food. Filiberto's has much better Mexican, but not the atmosphere.
5 GREAT SERVICE!  Nice restaurant and good food.   Needs a little Spanish music.  Will definitely return.
1 Taco Bell is more authentic and tastes better than this place and is right down the road(and by the way, we hate Taco Bell) Save your money and time. Service was sloooooow, the meat in the taco salad tasted like it was microwaved, the shell bowl that it was in was stale, the quesadilla was not a quesadilla at all. It had no cheese inside of it, was covered in enchilada sauce and never touched a grill. The only positive thing we can say is that the draft beer was cold. The decor is very outdated, the triple seat cushions gave me the heebee Jeebees, and did I mention how awful the food is?
