1 This is my recent unpleasant experice at Albertsons located at 201 SOUTH STEPHANIE STREET, Henderson NV  . Their promotion was to buy certain items and receive credit for future shopping. During check out the promotion didn't print. When asked, they seemed clueless as to why it didn't print. Since I bought all of the items and amount specified in their promo. One of the workers (Who said she was the manager) figured maybe it's one of the item, because one is for shower and one is for regular use. (They still didn't seem to know, but they expect the customer to know some how..) Anyway, they said they would need to return all of my groceries, and re-scan them all over again to see if that might be the reason.. In which time I was really getting irritated with the untrained cashier and the lady who claimed she was a manager, but didn't really know what she was doing..  In the end another manager came and fixed the problem, without having to re-scan all of the items. The cashier and the fake manager kept talking rudely and the manager told them to be quiet. Overally, we wasted alot of time and it ruined our day. Albertsons at this location highly not recommended.
3 This Albertsons is pretty average, but one of the better options in the area.  Reasonable service in general, but the checker was nice.  For everyday groceries, the prices are good.
2 OK, I really don't know how Albertson's stays in business on the whole.  I know they've completely closed down in FL. In any case, this is just an average store.  Rather boring.  The staff just do their jobs.  No excitement. Really, I think there are much better grocery stores in the area and I only go to Albertson's when I need 1 or 2 items.  The veg are usually limited and not in great shape.   Good for 1 or 2 items, but to shop there on a regular basis...no way.
3 This is my normal Albertson's.  It's close to my house.  I buy things here that I can't get at Trader Joe's.  I still do a majority of my shopping at TJ's, but sometimes my hubby-to-be needs "fatty treats" that I can't get there.  That's where Albertson's comes in.  This location is okay.  I've noticed that I have to be very, very careful about expiration dates here.  One time I bought American cheese slices, only to get them home and find that they were CRUNCHY.  I don't even know how that's possible, but I finally found the expiration date in tiny print along a seem... several months outdated.  Eww.  Some sales associates also have NO CLUE what things are.  Last week, I asked one of the workers to help me find the gnocchi.  He looked at me in disgust, like I was asking for poop in a can or something - I don't know what about it made him think it was something gross - but it was obvious he had no idea what it was when we pointed me toward the produce aisle.  Still, the service is pretty friendly.  Juanita is my favorite checker, and she's always chatty and friendly.    I mean, it's a generic grocery store.  I think this is all par for the course.  Nothing special, but nothing absolutely terrible either.
3 #1000  We stopped by for a few things (water, cherries @ $2.49/b.) here last night, after dinner. My FIL and his wife live in the area. Surprisingly, even less shopped than our regular neighborhood Albertson's store (not many other customers, a handful maybe). The parking lot crowd looked deceiving because, it seemed like there were more customers inside.  Upon entering, carts are on your left, as well as purell station. The lounge for coffee patrons (couches) is to your immediate right, deli is to the left, Starbucks is in front of you, I think the pharmacy is around the corner from there. The produce section is past the deli, left side/wall of the store. Right after the produce section, is the Bakery section, followed by the Meat department- noone was there to assist (smells funny, like a mix of meat and counter cleaner, yuck), with the Milk/Dairy section at the right corner back side of the store. Aisles are in the middle of the store, but we only went to one aisle. Right side of the store is two frozen aisles (frozen Lumpia but no Filipino ice cream selection- Magnolia, like the Albertson's store in our neighborhood). Coming to the front are, the cashiers, as well as the Self-Serve ones. In front of the cashiers are the Customer Service center and bank.   I didn't notice too many employees on the floor, just the cashiers in front. Since there were just a few customers, we didn't wait too long to get through the line. The store is clean, though, free of debris and aisles were not cluttered with boxes (like at Wal-Mart, late at night, when they restock everything). Looks a little dated, the set-up is similar to the one at Charleston/Sloan (the one in my MIL's neighborhood); could use an update/remodel.   If you're getting a few things here, it's nice because it's not super crowded, but then again, it was a sunday night, too.
2 I went to the deli to get some chicken. The lady that was helping me was an elderly filipino lady. I asked her sarcastically how fresh the chicken was. She said they just took it out. Now, for someone who has eaten Albertson's chicken since the 80's and as a cook of 15 yrs that chicken was about as fresh as a 2 day bandaid. I haven't been carded for almost 10 yrs so I'm not 12 yrs old either. You can't talk down to me and lie thinking that I have to buy your story. But because I haven't yelped in a while, I decided to entertain. So I bought the chicken and 10 minutes later, my observation was correct.  Sufficed to say, as much as I had treasured the recipe of Albertson's, the WinCo down the street always has juicy chicken. It is too bad that a tradition has to be ruined by one branch. Don't worry, I'll still use my double coupons. But it will never be the same.
1 Look, I don't expect a whole lot out of Albertson's. I get that it is a mega chain, and in general I really don't shop there.  However, I began to buy products from Albertson's about a month ago, because I became aware that they carried local sustainable shrimp and I wanted to support the cause.  However, Alberton's has disappointed me so badly, I get the feeling I will be boycotting them for a very long time.     I was playing around online one day and came across the website of Blue Oasis Shrimp.  Much to my surprise, Blue Oasis Shrimp is a sustainable shrimp company IN LAS VEGAS that farms environmentally friendly, hormone free, shrimp.  Even more surprising, the Alberton's across the street from my home carried this shrimp.  Being from San Francisco, I was really excited that I could actually buy fresh shrimp from the grocery.  So the next day I walk across the street to Alberton's to get my shrimp.    First I was dismayed to learn that the shrimp apparently doesn't sell very well, and from what I could tell, really isn't promoted.  (One of the worker's behind the counter offered that many people can't get past the fact that the heads are still on the shrimp).  Disappointing, but I pledged that my boyfriend and I would be in every week to buy our pound of shrimp. Note, that while we were there, we also spent 50 bucks on other groceries. Money we wouldn't have spent at Albertson's otherwise. I wrote Alberton's customer service department, to urge them to continue selling this product and was rewarded with an impersonal, canned response that had clearly not been written by anyone who had taken the time to read my letter.   Today, my boyfriend went in the store to buy our usual order, and noticed that the shrimp wasn't on display any longer. He asked about the shrimp and was told that because the product doesn't sell, the shrimp is now immediately frozen in 5 pound blocks, and that they would need to go defrost some.  So just to be clear, the fresh shrimp, that I am buying because it is fresh shrimp, that came from down the street, is now frozen upon arrival.  Which defeats the purpose of buying fresh shrimp.  Even more insulting, they continued to charge him the full $12.99 price per pound.  To compare, I believe the shrimp that is frozen, deheaded, and shipped from THAILAND is $9.99 a pound. But I am paying 3 dollars more for shrimp that had to be trucked in from 5 miles down the road, and then promptly ruined.  And I also wonder how Alberton's expects to sell any shrimp if it is all sitting in a freezer in the back, and not displayed in any way at the front counter?  Again, I realize that Alberton's is a chain, and that if their customers aren't buying something, they may not be particularly worried about little things like supporting local business, or environmentally sustainable food.  However, sustainable shrimp in the desert is such a cool idea, and Alberton's just doesn't appear to support, care or respect the product it is lucky enough to carry.  I do feel bad for the worker's behind the counter, who appear genuinely frustrated, and agree that this shrimp is the best shrimp they have ever tasted.  I will likely search to see if there is another store (a different Alberton's or even better, a different business) that carries this shrimp, and actually sells is fresh as is intended.
2 As another reviewer mentioned, this location is notorious for having out of date items on the shelves.  I have purchased numerous items that were out of code without noticing. When you are shopping for a whole week's with of groceries, or in a rush, it is difficult to check the date on every item you pick up and put in your cart (not to mention that the store is responsible for pulling items that are expired for consumer safety).  The store seems to be cutting back recently as well, and this doesn't bode well for the already sub par service.  It means waiting in longer lines, as well as being forced to use the self checkout because only one(or two at most) regular checkstand is ever open.
2 It bothers me that employees, deli staff, sushi staff sit outside the front doors smoking. I've caught the sushi staff returning from a smoke break and didn't bother to wash their hands. I wont be buying sushi here again.
5 I go here primarily for the Starbucks. The baristas there are so fabulous! Tina, Kim, Carol, Danielle and Terry are just wonderful!
3 seldom go here now that winco has most of my business but I can say the staff here is always willing to help and very nice. they have a selection of craft beers and u can build your own six pack, also they seem to have renovated the store, go HERE instead of the Walgreen across the street, youll be treated like shit.
3 It's a supermarket... an okay one at that.   This is the closest one to my home and it makes me miss Vons on Horizon Ridge, which used to be my go-to store before I moved. I don't think the employees are overly friendly at Albertson's. I've been especially underwhelmed at the deli counter (very slow service, straight faced employees, etc.).    I have encountered a few things that were out of date (prepackaged lettuce and such). And sometimes the dates are just way too close to consider buying.   My husband likes their monopoly game that's going on right now. We've gotten a few coupons with the monopoly pieces but haven't won anything exciting (yet).   I like that you don't need a shopper's card to get deals here. If it's on sale, you don't have to remember a card or what phone number your account is under to get the sale price.   I usually wind up here because it's so close but I typically take the opportunity to do my shopping at Smith's on Valle Verde instead when I'm heading there anyway for the gym.
3 Good but not great.   Occasionally I have found some of their sale prices to be a great deal.  But watch out if it isn't on sale.  OUCH! Items can be way overpriced.     They do make some good looking bakery items.  I try to resist the sugar temptation as much as possible.  There is a chicken wing bar and olive bar for someone's quick lunch also.  Don't forget the Starbucks located just inside of the entrance.  Love that!   They used to have self checkouts.  I love using self checkouts which made it easy for me to make a quick stop.   Now they are gone and seems to create a longer waits and checkout times.  Bring them back! They are convenient so I wonder why they removed them.     So for me if they have something in their sale ad that I need, I don't mind stopping in.
