2 Making an appointment was a breeze, too bad that I cannot say that the rest of my experience was as pleasant...  Once my name was called, I sat in the waiting room and received no courtesy from the assistant that came into review my paperwork. Very short and cold in her demeanor.  When the doctor finally arrived she spent about 2 minutes talking to me before she got side-tracked in a conversation with the PA and left the room. She NEVER came back and I had lots of questions that went completely unanswered.  The PA came in after the doctor left and quickly wrote me a prescription (for medication I knew no details about) and tried to rush me out the door. I did not tolerate this and insisted that she take the time to answer my questions.  I will not patron this place again and I think it is time that more people hold doctors and medical staff accountable in the customer service skills.
4 Ive been a patient of Dr. Johnnies for a while and am always impressed by him. This office is always busy so expect a long wait when you arrive. I typically try to make AM appointments as to avoid any backing up in the afternoon.  Lately i've been seeing P.A. Paragus (sp?) versus seeing Dr. J. It typically is 6-8 weeks out to see him versus 2-3 with the PA. I trust her and she usually leaves me feeling confident in her choices for my care.  The only reason this place is not a 5 star office is because the physicians and PA's spend as little time with you as possible! I know how healthcare works and understand that most offices set aside 15 minutes per patient but they take that to an extreme and the staff is usually in your presence less than 5 minutes. I hate feeling rushed and have contemplated leaving this office but Im such a fan of Dr. J and his work and his results that I will continue to patronage him!
1 Had an appointment today for my son, I have been a patient for years. Our original appointment was for 2:30 we were called earlier in the day and asked if we could come earlier ,I changed the appointment to 1:00. After waiting till 2:15 and still not being seen I told the girl at the front desk that we would be leaving. She didnt seem to care at all. I have always found the doc and PA here to be great however their staff has always sucked. Based on this I will Not be returning. I will find a new doctor for me and my son. Doctors should never forget that the patients time is important also.
5 And this is how it's done.  I have only treated with the P.A., John Notabartola.  For those who are wary of P.A.s, don't be.  I had several visits with this P.A.  He is very knowledgeable and manages to be friendly while being efficient.  This office is obviously very busy but I never felt like an afterthought.  If the front desk staff were nicer, this would be the perfect doctor's office experience, but no one is perfect I guess.  Would highly recommend dermatology care here.  If you insist on seeing Dr. Johnnie, I think you are in for a long wait so consider the P.A.
1 Did not realize that my initial visit to this doctor was with Beth the P.A.  I was the first patient of the day.  Showed up approximately quarter to 8 and the office opened soon thereafter.  My paperwork was completed by 8A.  At about 8:30 my name was called into the waiting room and asked the typical questions such as weight, height, and reason for visit.    I spent another 15 minutes of  waiting for the P.A.  Once she arrived, I probably spent less than 10 minutes with her discussing my concerns.    I found it odd that she did not visually or physically assess my condition.    She then left the room and I was unaware that the visit was over.   Soon thereafter, the same assistant who led me to the waiting room returned with my prescription.    Picked up my prescription in the afternoon and had my consultation with the pharmacist.  I was explained that this particular medication was prescribed for itching.  I was utterly confused at this point, since itching was not my concern.   While at the pharmacy,  I called the doctor's office and  was told that the prescribed medication for my condition was correct.    I called my primary physician's office who recommended this doctor to me.  Expressed my unhappiness.  Staff at my primary physician's office would contact the dermatologist's office and have a discussion.  Called back my doctor's office the following morning and staff there said she had a discussion with the dermatologist's nurse.  I was told to call her and place another appointment.    I was willing to give this place another chance if I could have an appointment with the doctor and not the P.A.  I called the nurse's office as I was told.   My call went directly to voice mail.  I left a message requesting an appointment any day and anytime for the following week.  I received a message back from the nurse basically telling me here is the number for you to make an appointment.  None of my concerns were address or a request for a call back to make things right.     Not taking the time to physically asses, advised by pharmacist that medication prescribed would not heed the results for my condition, along with poor customer service, I do not trust them for treatment.
3 I have never seen one of the Dr's. here, but I have always gotten excellent care from their awesome PA's. I will certainly be back as it was easy to get in and get an appointment.
1 If I could give them 0 stars I would.  These are the worst people on the planet.  1st problem - wife had a mole removed.  Doc missed some of it.  Called and they said wait until the appt in 15 days to look at it.  Appt time rolls around and they now say, oh, since you didn't come back in 7 days, the insurance company won't cover another procedure.  WHAT?  I say you shouldn't be billing the insurance company - you messed up.  Fix it.  They REFUSED until we raised so much hell they finally gave in.  WTF?  I don't even know why this was a problem.  They were trying to blame us for the drs mistake.  Next problem.  I have an office visit to get a shot, which I get from the nurse.  (I bring in the shot, they don't supply it).  While I'm there, I ask about a mole on my arm.  Doc comes in, says 'not a problem' and squirts that freezing stuff on it.  You can get that at Walgreens for $10 or less.  I get a bill for $151.00 in the mail.  I ask why - they say insurance company didn't pay.  (they billed ins company over $700 for that office visit!!!!)  I say ok, I will check with them.  I am told they did pay.  So, I go back to the office for another shot.  I tell them my company says they were paid.  The doc says no and HE WILL NOT TREAT ME until it's paid.  I CAN'T GET MY INJECTION?  I told them I would pay for the current office visit.  It's the previous bill that is in question.  THEY SAY NO!   SO, they grossly overcharge for their services and their staff is RUDE beyond belief.  I am definitely filing a complaint with the NSBME!
1 In November of 2012 I had a pea sized spot on my underarm that didn't look right, so my PCP referred me to Woodson Dermotology.    I saw the PA, John.  I made a 7:15am appointment and was seen immediately, literally no wait.  He was VERY nice and examined the spot and informed me that it was ringworm.  I was surprised, as I had ringworm a number of years ago.  But I trusted him and took the pills and cream I was prescribed.  I had a follow-up appoint the next month, and explained to him that it's only getting bigger (MUCH bigger) and didn't look or feel like ringworm.  It was not itchy, did not spread, not scaly, and didn't seem to be contagious.  He reassured me that it "just presents differently in the armpit" I was frustrated but took the new pills and creams I was given.  Again, nothing happened except it was getting BIGGER.  I again had a follow up the next month and expressed my concerns AGAIN.  Nothing, just more creams and pills. This went on and on every month until JULY!!!  For 8 freaking months this man told me I had ringworm... ringworm that was not contagious, not itchy, and didn't even resemble ringworm, and NO drugs he gave me had ANY EFFECT WHATS SO EVER.  To me, that would be a red flag that maybe, just maybe I got this diagnosis wrong, but he refused that he could be wrong.  Upon googling it, I read that even UNTREATED ringworm lasts a maximum of 4 months.    I would much rather hear "I'm not really sure what this is! Let's do a biopsy, or call in Dr. whoever to get another opinion"  rather than swear you're right when you know you're wrong.  But he is too proud to do that.     In July I went in and there was a PA fresh out of school that John was training.  This PA took ONE look at my "ringworm" and said there's no way that's ringworm!!!  He said it looked like Granuloma Annulare.  He said he would talk to John and come back in.  All of a sudden John thinks it's this now.  But just to be sure, he gives me yet another cream.  I recognized the name of the cream, so I told him, "I think you have given me this before" he said "hmmm, let me look.... No, we haven't given you any creams before"  I was flabbergasted!  I have had a minimum of 5 creams prescribed to me.  I bit my tongue just wanting this appointment to be over.  He said if this cream didn't fix it they would do a biopsy (why he didn't do that 8 freaking MONTHS ago is beyond me!) so I get home and find the exact same cream that did nothing 3 months before when he prescribed it to me the first time!  I was furious!  I just kept telling myself, "just get the biopsy and you will never have to go here again!"  So of course nothing changed except it got bigger (about the size of a half dollar now, very visible as it is growing beyond my armpit and onto my arm and looks like a huge human bite mark) and another one growing next to it.  So he decided to do the punch biopsy.    At this appointment as well as all the other appointments they asked what I am allergic to.  I read off the list, among them is polysporin.  The assistant was very nice and when she was done she grabbed a Q-tip with a cream on it.  She got about an inch away and I said "what is that?"  she said "polysporin"  I quickly yell "I'm allergic to that!" before she can get any on me.  Why do you even ask what I am allergic to?  Seriously!  I was supposed to come back 2 weeks later to get the results and get my stitches out.    So 2 weeks later I come back to get my Biopsy results and stitches removed. She took out my stitches and started to leave.  I said "Excuse me, do you have my biopsy results?" she said "No" and started to walk again.  I said "Are you sure, it's been 2 weeks" She sighed and actually opened my file this time (imagine that!) and said "oh yeah, here it is, it's benign"  I said "ok, but is it the granuloma annulare?" she said "yes, that was positive"  I said "ok, can you tell me what that is or anything about it?"  She said she wasn't familiar with it.  OK...... "can I talk to John or anyone else that does know?"  She said "no, they're all busy, but you can make another appointment in a few weeks to talk to him if you have questions" I was done, didn't give an answer just stormed out, said goodbye and thank you to the only person worth a crap there (the front office) and went home.    Why would you have someone give you biopsy results and not tell you anything about it?!?  I have wasted almost a YEAR of my life and missing work to go to these appointments every month, because John was too proud to admit he was wrong.  I would love to thank the new guy that diagnosed me at first sight, but never saw him again.  Please don't waste your time here!  If you get a super early appointment there is no wait, John is VERY nice, however none of that matters if you can't get treated for what it actually wrong.
1 Let's see. My appt was at 8am,I was called back at 8:56am, and didn't see a doctor till 9:10a A 60$ copay for the visit and a prescription the same price.. I'm kinda a big deal and my time is valuable. Thanks for wasting it.
4 My husband and I both went to the pecos location. Overall they did pretty good job for basic check up. I had a slight problem with some prescriptions as they said they sent them and when i called  Walgreens they were not there.
4 I have been to the Pecos office twice now, and both of my experiences were quite pleasant. I've been having some rosacia issues on my cheeks for eight months now, so I decided to see a dermatologist to see if it could be resolved. Both appointments took only thirty to forty minutes, and Dr. Woodson was very attentive, helpful, and friendly. She listened to my concerns and prescribed me a cream and an antibiotic, which has helped slightly. After another six weeks ill go back again and if there's not enough improvement to my liking ill probably go ahead with photo facial treatments.
1 Worst customer service you will ever experience at a doctors office. Going through the process of getting acutane was an absolute nightmare. I have been trying for three months with these people and they just can't get their stuff together. First they sent me for the wrong blood test, had to wait a month, go again, then they didn't send the rx to the pharmacy on time, had to wait a week, get another blood test, not sure if I'll ever get my rx to go through. I'm sure this nightmare will get even more detailed as the time goes by. I had to write this review now to help others stay clear of this place. Don't waste your time and money!
1 90 min waiting it's too long for someone has an appointment  I wish I can give them 0 for customer service
5 Just moved to Vegas. Needed to find a new dermatologist. A co worker told me about Linda Woodson.  I made an appointment.  Dr Woodson was kind, caring and she and her staff were professional.  She was very through  and better than my previous docs.  I highly recommend this practice.
1 this office is charging a $25 no show fee when i couldnt make my appt because my car wouldnt start!! nicely done!!
