4 Unlike some of the other Home Depots in town, the Sunset Road store has a really helpful staff.  If you're confused about where to find something or if you know the right tool for the home improvement job, I'd recommend this shop.  The customer service is outstanding and the staff seems to know their stuff.  Beyond that: it's a typical, well-stocked Home Depot.  It's massive and has almost everything you need under one roof.
3 It's a Home Depot and if you've been to one, you've pretty much been to all.    I will say that the staff I encountered was very pleasant and willing to help, so kudos to them!
4 I worked 5 years in independent hardware so I was always against the "big boxes" such as Home Depot.   However- I haven't located really any independent chains, and for the most part, HD has 95% of what I need.  The staff at the front of the store is really friendly although service around the store can be hit or miss. Some people are really knowledgable and friendly while others aren't sure and won't really ask another employee for the correct answer.   Overall it's hard to beat their prices for home improvement stuff and the fact that they did a return for me with only my credit card was awesome and hassle free.   I'm seriously considering applying for their credit card to take advantage of no interest purchases above $250.
1 Do not go to this HD,  they suck.  Associates are rude and un-educated about their job.  Customer service desk lady is a Biatch...and will try and deny any type of return, even an exchange with receipt....Wow...who the fck does that.  Lowes is down two blocks on Marks St., go to Lowes better prices anyways.
2 A whole lot of meh. This store is in a horrible location and the store hasn't received the corporate refresh yet like the store down the road. Beyond that it's a dang Home Depot
5 Although, I am aware of the exemplary customer service that Home Depot provides, nothing could have prepared me to be blown away and truly feel in awe of the service I received.  I walked into Home Depot with tremendous worry about how to build a Hawaiian horseshoe set for my nephew Kili.  Since majority of our family is back on Hawaii, Kili could want nothing more than to be with them and to play his favorite horseshoe set.  My wife and I searched for hours on the internet, ebay, amazon, and more and there was nothing that came close to what we are used to playing.  His Father, was extremely saddened to break the news to Kili that it would be impossible for us to obtain what he truly desired and if we could substitute his horseshoe set with anything he wanted.  He was distraught, but had no choice.  I took it upon myself to give it the college try by heading over to Home Depot.  I immediately walked into the flooring department where I was greeted by Jay (Supervisor for flooring) and Jen (an ASM).  After I explained buy dilemma, they instantly walked over to the computer and started taking down specs and printing pictures from the internet.  I was disbelief and really had no idea what their intentions were.  Jay told me that it would be ready by tomorrow morning (Kili's party was at 2 p.m.).  Leaving a little skeptical and unsure what happened, I left thinking that there is no way this would truly work out.    Jay called me first thing Saturday morning and told me it was ready.  I flew to the store curious and excited, however, a little doubtful.  Upon my arrival, the most immaculate and detailed set I have ever seen was there waiting.  The box was pristine, the carpet that covered the box was on superbly flush, and Jay even found that 2 1/2 inch washers that was not in their hardware department.  I was blown away!!!!!!!  Not only was the item perfect, but it was free of charge.  I must've hugged Jay several times and almost burst into tears.  She told me that Ken, A.W., and Chuck (ASM) were instrumental in creating the masterpiece. There are few times in life where you are absolutely dumbfounded by sheer kindness of such a selfless task.   I will forever be loyal to the Home Depot.  I never thought a trip to the hardware store could touch my family;s heart.  Kili had the best birthday ever and for the first time Las Vegas actually felt like Home.    Thank you Jay and the Home Depot family for making our little miracle come true.
1 Poor customer service, especially on the phone. I know it's Home Depot, but the least you could do is introduce yourself when you pick up a phone call instead of just saying, "hullo." And don't respond with "yeah, of course!" when we ask you if it's Home Depot because you didn't tell us where we were calling in the first place.
2 If I need to stop at Home Depot, I know what to get for a quick in and out.  I don't like to spend too much time in this store.   It is set up mainly for the contractors.  Women... Well not so much.  Plus I seem to get harassed by their display sales people every time.  I was looking for paint colors this past visit.  I was standing there for 30 seconds when they started asking questions about my water.  For the hundredth time I don't want your whole home water filtration system. I have one.    So if I can, I try to send the husband inside so I don't have to go.  I guess maybe that's how he feels when I take him shoe shopping! Ha!
3 There are 2200+ Home Depot locations worldwide and this location in Henderson is one of their larger square footage locations. You'll find most of the same SKU's or inventory on the shelves here as you will at a Home Depot across the valley so product wise it's pretty well established on what you're going to find here.   The Henderson location doesn't have a tool rental location. Service can range from OMG they went over the top to help me find  that replacement patio door handle I needed to feeling like I'm standing on the top of Mt. Charleston yelling HELLO and there's nobody around to hear me. This is a location where they seem to put some emphasis on keeping the shelves stocked which is nice. But if you want some help with a project that involves customization, or you want someone that can think outside of the box to help you track down a part that might work for what you have in mind or recommend the right polyurethane sealer you need for an art project or the next Burning Man art piece you'll find you are in a big box store and the staff struggles to think outside that box.   More often than not I walk in here and get some of the stuff I need but I usually end up at Lowes 1/2 mile South to buy everything I need for the wide ranging projects I'm always working on.   3 Stars. (If I need contractor grade items....Home Depot is still my first choice).
5 I had to come here about 8 pm on a weeknight last week: - To pick up solder, 1/2 inch threadless water valve and flux. - First employee approached said he'll call for a plumb
