3 You are as guilty as me.... you know what I am talking about too. You only go here when you are at the mall and want your free piece of candy! Hehehe ( I know, it doesn't feel as bad when others do it too)   The only real time I actually go in to buy something is during the holidays. This is one of my favorite chocolate places in town. I love all the milk chocolate and white chocolate treats. My favorite is the Bourdeaux! YUMMY!  Also, make sure to try the lime white chocolate...OMG...so good.  Prices can be a little on the pricier side but not crazy. Usually about $17 for a 1 pound box..but worth it. You can taste the freshness of it. Its worth spending your calories on chocolate that is deserving :)  I hope to "See" you there!
4 Every time I step inside a See's candy store I reminisce from back in the day, when I use to pick up their suckers that were 3 for 25 cents! Other than prices, very little has changed with See's store. This one in our mall has the same white/black color scheme running throughout from the checked flooring up to the employees uniforms. During the busy candy seasons this tiny store is packed but at least they are pretty organized and efficient the wait time is not long at all. They also will offer you a chocolate...not a chocolate fan??..well they'll still offer you a candy,like butterscotch, white chocolate, pumpkin. My husband passed up on a piece, so I was going to have his, but the candy lady offered my husband the pumpkin filled white chocolate. Darn it! But hey at least they are considerate right?  It's always such a big treat to receive a box of chocolate, especially ones from here.
5 Excellent customer service! I went in to the store to get a gift for a friend. The girl behind the counter was incredibly helpful. She also offered me samples. I had to limit myself :)  She told me which were the more popular choices, and helped me to customize a 1lb box.  She also gift wrap wrapped the box. It was a nice sized box all for under $20. Also she informed me that if my friend didn't like some of the choices she could bring them in and exchange them for other choices. Incredible customer service. I was very impressed and will definitely be back again.  The milk chocolate covered toffee was amazing!
