5 I got an oil change at Econo Lube N' Tune on Sunset today and had a great experience!  Easiest oil change I've ever gotten - They took my car right away and only took about 15-20 minutes tops.  Also, being a girl, I'm used to mechanics telling me I have 15 things wrong with my car every time I get an oil change.  This time however, I dealt with Dave and he didn't try to upsell or haggle me into unnecessary repairs.  Also, I did my research and called several places for a price quote on  synthetic oil  and they definitely had the best prices around.  I will absolutely return here for my next oil change!
5 This place was wonderful!  No one likes issues with their vehicle, but if you have one, you should def stop here.  Dave, the shop manager was super courtesy and professional.  He did not suggest repairs that were unnecessary.  I asked to see the parts they were replacing, (I do know a little about cars), and the mechanic was more than happy to show me what they were doing.  I was told the repairs would be done in 2 hours, but to my surprise Dave called me after 1.5 hours to let me know they were finished with the repairs.  Super impressed with that!  After I drove the car for 50+ miles, they invited me to come back in(for free) for a recheck to make sure I would pass smog the first time around.  I will definitely come back here for all my repairs.
1 My bf had used this place oh about 3 times. He used them because he said it was a small place and figured they could do his oil change quickly. The have a small bench where you can sit (outside in the heat). During summer the bench isnt ideal.  Well one afternoon about 3 weeks ago we drive down there after getting the Henderson Money Mailer coupon fliers. One of them being for this "oil change bonanza". it advertises a "lube, oil & filter plus for $18.98 stating it includes up to 5 qts, 10w30 house bulk oil & standard filter.  the same guy that always greets us tells us he cant take our coupon b/c the type of oil the truck uses (a standard american truck) uses a different oil and throws the coupon back at us and tells us its going to be even more than the normal price he pays is. what the?...nope no thanks.  My bf said, "no thanks, I'll go somewhere else." He looks at me and says, "So, I guess this all goes in the review?"  I said, "you know it my love. "  IMHO if someone who has used your business in the past even without a coupon why would you feel the need to not honor it since they are continuing to throw business your way. espec. small businesses. Was it really necessary to throw it back at us and throw out an even higher rate than normal?  We sure did leave and go somewhere else.
5 It's hard to be impressed when you go in to a place for a simple oil change but the employees at Econo Lube in Green Valley thoroughly impressed me. I took my Nissan in for a basic oil change before my road trip. I normally go to Jiffy Lube and because I have an SUV I end up paying around $50 when I walk out but at Econo Lube I paid about $30 and got the best service I've ever had. They topped everything off, looked at by brakes, rotated my tires and did a diagnostic check of a check engine light that kept popping up. I also appreciated the fact that they did not try to "up sell" the oil change, they kept it sweet and simple and because "I'm just a girl" they didn't try and tell me I needed to overhaul my engine ;-). I dealt with John who is the manager and he was super nice and helpful. The only negative thing I can say is that their lobby is TINY but then again aren't all oil service places??  Side note: When I was there a former employee went to have his car serviced simultaneously and the general consensus was this was the best place in town to have your car serviced for minor things.
