5 I tripped upon this HD shop on my visit to LV/Henderson and really enjoyed a Saturday afternoon with families who like to hang out at the local HD Store. Burgers and dogs were grillin'...people were filing in ...in an everybody knows everybody kinda' way! Bought "the shirt"....had to!  Apparently I was the ONLY woman who rides that afternoon---and I was able to try a new model (always thinkin' about a change...but can't get rid of my smokey baby!!!)...male egos were shattered that day! Love it and glad I made those they guys at Henderson HD smile!
4 Stopped by here on my way to Lake Mead.  The men's T-Shirt selection is not as huge as it is at Las Vegas Harley Davidson, but I found what I was looking for.  More T-Shirts - More Stars!!   And the lady who helped me was very nice and friendly, which is the most important, because I can be sometimes a bit of an annoying customer, LOL
3 I needed some new tires for my Harley, so i decided to check out the dealership first. I was quoted a price of $800 for two new motorcycle tires, installed. Wow! I'm sorry but that is ridiculous! I called another small shop after hearing the $800 quote and low and behold I found a shop to do the tires for $400. That is a little more like it. I like the staff here, they are always great, I just am amazed at the prices on EVERYTHING! They are super expensive, from an HD coffee mug to tires, you are going to pay out the ass for stuff here. Like I said before, the staff is great. They are knowledgeable and always there when you need them. When you do end up having services done here they wash and detail your bike before they give it back to you. Nice courtesy but you definitely pay for it. Lower the prices a bit guys and I would use you for a lot more!!
5 We bought our recent motorcycle there after I attended the Rider's Edge Women's Riding Course. This place is awesome! Everyone is super nice.   Larry is the best instructor for learning to ride, especially great with women. I would highly recommend that any woman interested in riding, take a class with him. He is just the best. Can't say enough nice things about him and the Rider's Edge course.  We purchased our bike from Broadway Joe. Awesome guy and a wonderful sales man. Did not pressure us into buying, answered a million questions, and was just a very pleasant guy. We will definitely be giving our business to this dealership. Love them!!!!
5 I spend a lot of time at Harley dealerships all over the country, time and again this place is one of the best experiences. Very personal, knowledgeable and, most importantly, fun staff. Great vibe in the store. A bit off the beaten path, but I imagine if I lived in the LV area - this would be my home store for sure.
4 I'm really torn here on the star rating, and for the record this review is specifically about the service department. First the staff was terrific. Knowledgeable, courteous, the whole nine. An the level of service was 5 stars all the way, no question. Additionally, they were fast, and had he bike back earlier than promised. It literally feels like a new bike. 5-Stars. The only issue is the cost. Holy Moly Batman, these guys are the most expensive service department I have ever experienced. So they lost a star for sticker shock, but I did agree to it in advance, and say yes anyway, so at least it wasn't a surprise. If you don't mind shelling out some dough though, these guys rock.
4 I ended up at Henderson HD when my father in law dragged me towards the door to look at a bike that he found and it turned out he wanted me to co-sign for. So I walked in expecting to be either ignored (like other motorcycle shops in LV tend to do), or ambushed with a salesdog type that won't get off of you. I found neither here.   What I did find was a clean and well organized sales floor, knowledgeable staff, and a nice selection of motorcycles to choose from. To see their used bikes you gotta get taken to the back which means you go through the shop. Having been in a few motorcycle shops before this one caught my eye as it was clean, well organized, and well equipped. A couple of questions asked to the technicians working on duty were met with friendly but knowledgeable responses. The used bike selection was nice, and as me and my father in law asked questions we got answers without attitude.   While we ended up not buying a bike during our visit, I was impressed with the level of attention we received. When the time comes to make a purchase, Henderson Harley Davidson will be on my short list of places to consider.   By the way the service labor rate is a bit steep at $95 per hour, but you do get what you pay for.   (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #8)
5 Good dealership. I have used the service dept twice with no complaints and the parts dept once . Everyone is friendly and knowlegable. I even sold a bike to them without purchasing a new one. The sale was easy and low stress. If i was in the market for a new Harley, i would call this dealer first.
5 I have a Buell Ulysses, which while I love the bike, but finding parts at times can be tough.  Called Henderson and spoke with their parts department as I was needing the final screw for it...he made sure we were talking about the same part, then told me they didn't have the part.  Instead of saying we'll get it for you...he said here's the part number, and here is the exact specifications of the screw.  So now I'm going down the street and will be getting the right screw.  That's customer service...not trying to force a sale.  All my parts orders will be going to them for my bike.
4 Purchased my first Harley Motorcycle bike at this dealership! the staff are extremely friendly and helpful! Because I purchased my motorcycle here they even paid for me to take the beginners riders course through them! Larry was my instructor and I was extremely pleased and satisfied with the instruction I learned being a new rider! They even have cookouts every Saturday at this location! It really does feel like a family here and even though I live all the way in North Las Vegas I will be coming here a lot for gear and even a new bike at some point!
1 I am using my GF's account because I don't yelp but I had to for this situation. I don't even want to give them a one star.  This review is for their service department.  I went in there today to get my tires checked and see if they were eligible for replacement through my tire package that I purchased through Harley Davidson and I was told that I did not have a tire package and that HD did not offer tire packages. I even tried to show the service guy my road side AND tire package contract with Harley Davidson and he wouldn't even look at it. I told him I have had my tires done using my tire package at this location along with the red rock dealership in west Las Vegas, all he could say is that I have been getting away with "murder" because Harley Davidson once again doesn't offer tire packages.  Mind you I bought this package with my bike at Harley Davidson.  The service guy obviously has NO knowledge on packages that Harley offers to their clients.  I will never return to this store.
1 If you are a new rider  don;t go here. They have  a rider edge program saying you will learn to ride.$350 dollars later I still don't know how to ride. Two days in a class room,one and a half day on the range. They see you struggling to ride but tell you your doing good. I would not recommend this program to anyone.
4 Had a great visit today! Brad was very helpful in showing us some bikes today! Everyone in the store was very friendly and chatty.  We will be back- once my boyfriend makes his official decision!
