4 Denny's has been around for a long time, and not surprisingly, they have a lot of locations in the Vegas Valley. This is the closest stand-alone location to my house (as in not being in a casino), so it is no surprise that I find myself in here than most of their other restaurants.  Denny's is a good restaurant due to the sheer variety of food items they have. They serve breakfast all day and are proud of it, but also have plenty of lunch/dinner items to eradicate your hunger as well. It's a huge menu, and you'll be hard-pressed not to find something you want on here.  The service tends to be a bit inconsistent here. There have been times where I have found myself waiting annoyingly long periods of time for items that come much quicker at other similar restaurants. Yet other times, the staff are attentive and get me my food quickly and promptly. Nearly all of the staff I have encountered are friendly, though.  As far as atmosphere goes, it's about what you'd expect from this type of restaurant - and it DOES get pretty noisy and hectic during peak hours. The waiting area up front gets VERY crowded during this time, and there have been many times I have found myself standing there, waiting for a seat for considerably longer than I should be.  But all things considered, Denny's is a fantastic restaurant and usually doesn't fail to please. This location is in a convenient location on Warm Springs, between Stephanie and Marks. Definitely recommended.
3 Better than most dennys in this area...service was ok...and surprisingly dead at 8 in the morning...so same food less wait...
2 We have eaten here more than 30 times over the past few years since it's close.  The service has gone downhill.  Even with the recent "makeover", they have messed up the order, after already taking almost 20 minutes to even wait on us.  We always try to give them the benefit of the doubt cuz the food is usually pretty good.  Biggest thing-- be prepared to more than likely be there for over an hour by the time everything is said and done. I'm sure it doesn't happen all the time... but has happen more than half the time with us. =(
5 This place is super clean. The food is super good. And the staff look tired from wait N on you hand and foot. When you come leave a tip they deserve it :)
2 Been here twice and both times had to wait forever for our food even though the place was dead. Food is good if you have the time to wait.
4 After a closing shift this is the place to go for decent inexpensive food :-)   the servers are great, especially CHAD!!! makes the best HOT CHOCOLATE & "MAKE YOUR OWN" shakes :-)
1 The watress we had was overwelmed with her 4 tables. The food was cold she never ask if our meal was ok we ask for the manger she came over said sorry bought our breakfast never came back the watress said she was sorry she forgot about us. This is the 3rd time we came here thinking it might get better but nope still sucks. Go to I hop
4 I love Denny's and I'm not afraid to admit it.  All you yuppies will just have to deal with it.  Obviously the breakfast food is good (and served 24 hours), but the other stuff is good too.  The great thing about Denny's is the consistency.  Every Denny's is the same.  It's always a safe bet if you're traveling and are timid to try someplace new.  Pancakes are one of my favorite foods.  I want just butter and maple syrup, and that's just the way Denny's makes them.  I don't want heaps of sugar like whipped cream and chocolate, that trash just overpowers the taste of the actual pancake.  Denny's will have specials from time to time with things like pumpkin pancakes, but they are always able to stay true to the classic buttermilk.  The other thing I usually get at Denny's is the Moons Over My Hammy sandwich.  There's two different types of cheese, eggs, and ham.  The best part is the super buttered up toast though.  Honestly, you can't go wrong with Denny's.  Its affordable and delicious.
5 I like Denny's as they have many items that are diet friendly. I had the Veggie skillet and it was very tasty. They have quick service and friendly servers. This is a good consistent spot for a nice breakfast.
2 Waited 15 minutes when it was empty only to be told, "Sit where you want if you still want to eat here." Food was room temperature. Toast had mold on it. Worst Denny's ever!
3 I am a frequent Denny's customer and every time I go I never know what to expect. Most of the time I get great service from the waiter but there has been a few times that I am sitting waiting and waiting for a refill on my drink. There were at least 2 times that I have gone and nobody came to give me a refill on my beverage or ask me if I needed anything. I am pretty easy to please and I not expect much when I go out an eat at a Denny's but a refill on my coffee ever now and then would be nice. Besides that the food is always pretty good and they have really cheap deals.
4 Took my nephew, niece-in-law and mom here for breakfast last week and enjoyed the food and service so much, took my mom here again today for lunch.  What can you say or rave about Denny's? It's Denny's. It's a chain. You're not expecting to be wowed or have a unique experience. But the food is definitely good. First trip here I had the veggie omelette. This is what I typically get when eating here in Mobile, Alabama when visiting my family. It was just as good here as it was there, so with a chain, at least you get consistency.  Today mom and I tried the fried cheese melt. This is fried mozzarella cheese sticks and slices of American cheese between toast, a twist on the classic grilled cheese, with fries. It was just as good as the picture depicted. Will be having this again, for certain, especially at the affordable and reasonable $4 price tag. Washed it down with this berry chiller drink I saw on the menu, and mom had the iced coffee. The initial and a refill later, and yes, we were satisfied with the taste. Unlimited refills is a great bonus!  The service is great at this location. Servers are very attentive and great. First visit, the server was awesome and didn't sweat me for mentioning IHOP a lot in front of him! lol! The second trip for lunch, the server must have been new. She constantly asked my mom to repeat herself, and for a 77 year old, she enunciates quite well, and that frustrated me more than it did my mom. And she brought the wrong order to a table in front of us. Outside of that, she was very friendly.  We will be returning here in the future. As a matter of fact, mom asked me to bring her back for Mother's Day!  As for the prices? I love the value menu. Outside of that, I think they are a little overpriced to be Denny's. Certain items on the menu are either the same price or higher than a typical coffee house/diner or Applebee's and the senior menu is scarce.
4 Ive been pleasantly surprised and happy with the food and service each time ive been here.  I usually come here with my son and my wifew, but this time was just me and my son.  The server was polite and fast and the food was very good.  I ordered some breakfast, French toast with some eggs, bacon, and a side of hashbrowns while my son ordered some chicken with grapes.  Everything came out fairly quickly and was pretty good.  No major complaints at all.
4 Philly cheese steak omelet Was amazing!  I like am usually disappointed with omlets, they taste too commercial.  But this tasted awesome!    The waitress was ok, nothing worth writing about!  As long as my food was good!  That's what is important to me!
2 I haven't been to Denny's in years and now I remember why, the food isn't that good. I had some slam, not sure which one but everything was bland. The cheesy eggs were some of the worst scrambled eggs I ever had. The hash browns were nothing outstanding either. The sausage links seemed like they were out of the box and microwaved. The toast came with about a pound of butter spread on it. The only good thing was the service. Our server was at our table frequently and kept our glasses filled. No reason to return with all the decent places in town.
3 They are usually very understaffed and are clueless. I try to avoid this location as much as possible. It seems that Denny's has gotten a lot more expensive for the quality of food and service that you get.   I'd head to the IHOP across the street.
2 Graveyard cook was horrible. Made the worst moons over my Hammy plate I have had in my life. Eggs were over cooked and there was no ham on the sandwich. Hash browns were burnt when I asked them to be preppared crispy. The cook needs to learn how to cook on lower temmperatures. Will not go back there. Overall bad experience and it was dead in there. No reason to cook on high temps and tear down food quality.
1 OMG! Worst experience I ever had at a restaurant in my entire life. This morning at 4:45am my sister and I walked into this VERY empty Dennys and upon arrival the waitress literally said, "Are you sure you want to eat here?" And my initial reaction was, "WTF is it sanitary?" She says,"yea but we had a rush"   Who says this to someone entering a restaurant??? So we immediately turned around and went across the street to IHOP
