1 Horrible service!  I brought my car in to replace both my front tires ( I had a flat earlier in the day).  I called Goodyear and checked to see if they had my tires in stock and was told to bring in my vehicle and they would have the tires at the shop ( they would have to bring them from their warehouse).  So I leave early from work, head over to their shop at 3:15pm.  One of the employees takes my information and tells me it would take 30 minutes to get the tires and 20 minutes to have them installed.  It's now been 2 hours and no tires yet.  No apologies from the employee who told me they would have my car done in less than 1 hour, nothing.  Service at the poorest level.  This was my first visit here and most definitely will be my last.  I just called another tire shop ( Discount Tire ) and they have my tires for $47.00 less.  I think I'll be leaving here.  Apparently I'm not leaving, turns out they overheard me talking with Discount Tire and decided it would now be convenient to put my car on a lift, after 2 hours!  What punks.  Never again!!!
5 Very friendly staff!
1 Can't give zero, so I'll give it one.  No interest in customer service....only in pushing merchandise out the door. Don't bother.
4 Not sure about the two bad reviews, but I had no difficulties here. I took my car in for four new tires and an alignment first thing in the morning with no reservation. The staff was professional and courteous. I will be a repeat customer.
5 I brought my car to this Goodyear because I was told a complete oil change including fluid top off was $32. After arriving I learned that $32 bought me the most basic oil change. Joey included the fluid top off free of charge because I called beforehand. There is also a $10 off coupon online. I printed that off and brought it in with me. My total ended up being $26. Other than being told one price over the phone and it being different than described in store I had great service at this Goodyear location. Joey offered beneficial information about my vehicle and was friendly. I give this location five stars based on the quick and friendly service along with the price.
