4 Great, great place to get a good sense and feel of what kind of pre-owned car to buy. Its convenient when you want to take a look at a few cars within the same class and/or price range but don't want to drive across town or where ever to try out the others you had in mind. Service was great and hassle free. My sales agent at the time was very professional and I never had any problems in contacting him when I had a few questions for him, but prices are fixed and non-negotiable.   Minus one star for that ridonkculous "Carmax" sticker you have to place on the back of your car upon purchase.
5 This is the place to be to buy or sell a car! I was trying to sell or trade my car, the dealers were offering me 18,000 CarMax bought my car for $22000 without me purchasing another one, and the whole process took about  an hour, great service, great company!
2 First off, I want to say that they do not lie about being in and out within a hour. They dont hassle you like other dealers in town. Just know there is no room for negotiation. The price is set. Our sales guy was very nice. The only reason I give this a two star is because they did not properly do a thorough inspection. After we took the car for a test drive, I noticed that the break, radiator and windshield fluid were low. When I told the Kurt, our sales guy that it was low he said that it was because the car needs to be running. When we brought the car home we did a more thorough inspection of the car and found that they did not change the air filter and cabin filter. It was really dirty. Other things that they did not do was top off the gas and remove the tree sap that was all over the car. Dont get me wrong, I love the 2010 Subaru Outback that I purchased from them, but they couldve done minor things to make this more pleasant.  I called the service department at the dealership after the inspection and they wanted us to take it in. Since they were on the other town and they dont really do anything special for you when you buy the car, it wouldve been a waste of time and extra money out of my pocket to fill up my tank.   Overall, they get a two star for the lack of service I believe they place on cars that they put on that lot. At least, that is what I found when I purchased the car.  One more thing is that the sticker that they place on the windshield that tells you when the next oil change is up was not updated. I called them and they advised that it was changed, but not updated. Not a big deal, but get it right next time guys. They also added tons of miles on the car while they had it. They had the contract at 23,582, but we actually got it with 23,780. Someone must've been taking it for a ride before it got placed on the lot. I don't know if it makes a difference but we shouldve had them update the contracts with the correct mileage. Wonder if it wouldve changed the price a little. OH WELL. Lesson learned.
4 We were in town for x-mas and on a whim decided to sell the car we drove in on.  It really was an extra car we didn't need and since Carmax was fairly close we decided to see how much they would offer.  I was pleasantly surprised at the offer.  But first the experience:  we were greeted, taken to a cubicle with a very nice guy (sorry I can't remember his name)  and talked with him for about 20 minutes then walked around the lot for a total of only two minutes before we got a call that our numbers were ready.   The whole time there was no pressure to buy or do anything that we didn't want to.  They have a sitting area with a television and vending machines.   So the one star dropped off was because our paperwork was incorrect after the sale.  The check was written incorrectly, luckily we reviewed the paperwork before we left the store and got it all figured out.  We will use again if we are in the area this time it worked out because we were able to get plane tics for cheaper than driving back to Monterey.
4 Very nice.  I was planning to buy a new car with a trade in and was worried about the dealer talking me down. I had heard some friends deal with Carmax and they liked it.  So, wifey and I went to Carmax, put our name in line and met with Joni, a sales associate. She set us up with the appraisal and within 45 minutes we had a printed offer with no obligation. It was easy and great. The price was awesome, higher than Blue Book and higher than the dealer. We were able to save about quite a bit of money with Carmax.  While waiting, we also perused the Carmax inventory and they have a great inventory. I will be buying my son's first car from here.  Pro's  a. Straightforward, no haggling b.  Great prices on trade in and cars for sale c.  Nice quality products d. Kid friendly waiting room. e.  Professional and kind sales associates. They are on flat fee, not on commission. They are there to help you and they do excellent.  Con's  a.  Reception / Info Counter is a bit unorganized. b.  Had to put my name on the wait list twice to speak to a sales associate. c.  They put you on a wait list and call you on your cell, so take your phone off vibrate or you have to wait longer.  Thanks Carmax.
1 I purchased two cars on the same day back in December of 2011 - purchasing the cars was easy and non stressful for a used car purchase I bought a GMC Yukon & a 328i BMW - The BMW has had more time behind a tow truck than I've been able to drive it.  Towed into Carmax 4 times - car just won't start (sometimes) Carmax has no idea why???  They sent it to the BMW dealer, thought it was fixed, still having issues - I've also had some major issues with the tires on the Yukon, the tread on the tires are good, but small chunks started coming off the tires, went back to Carmax and they said it poses no problems or issues with the performance of the tire.  I went to get the tires rotated at a tire shop and they said the tires were bad and for safety reasons / liability issues they wouldn't rotate the tires.  I went  back to Carmax (2nd time discussing the tires) they said the tires are fine, they rotated them and I went on my way.  Fast forward 2 weeks, on a family vacation in UT the front tire started to separate while I was on the freeway - had to stop at a tire store in St. George, the technicians said the tires on my car are old, supposed to be for commercial use on an ambulance not on an SUV.  Said the tires are ticking time bombs - proven by the fact one started to fall apart driving down the freeway.  My point is this, after doing some research please take a close look at the tires if you plan on purchasing from Carmax.  The "tire expert" at Carmax said my tires are fine when in fact two other shops determined they have issues.  I don't appreciate Carmax putting my family at risk.  What about the whole 120 point safety inspection they sell hard when you first look at the car.....now I have to purchaes a new set of tires for the vehicle.
5 Last year i bought Mini Cooper S for my wife ... I had good experience here. No pressure FAIR pricing FAIR trade in of her older car. We were treated with respect and no hassle.  Last week I bought my car used BMW 745i, the sales rep worked with me for about 3 weeks before i found the car. I was online and found my car. I called my sales consultant Ben Rodriguez and he put a hold on my car let me test drive and i have to say I would defiantly buy my next car here. I have to say Ben was really patient I test drove over 4 cars.
5 fast, friendly staff...great prices and haggle free pricing. In an out of the dealership in less than 2 hours with my new car
1 I purchased a car a year ago with Carmax and it has been nothing but a problem, a problem they cannot fix I should say. In the last few months my car has been in for the same problem and they have failed to fix it. It seems they take it in let it sit for a week and then tell me it is done and come get it without doing anything to it.   Just got it back from them having it for a week and guess what it is back there this morning for the same problem. I have spent so much money on rental car fees just so they cannot fix the problem. Also when I got it back this last time they had put over 300 miles on my car, for what, not like the problem got fixed. There were items left in my car like someone had used it to move. Also a beer bottle cap and receipt for lunch. So obviously they are letting their mechanics use customers cars for personal reasons. If it was not a warranty item I would be taking to a real mechanic!  They are the worst!!!! I would never buy from them ever again. Sad thing is I have recommeded them to so many people and always talked so highly of them.  Oh I failed to mention that my car was in an accident in 2008 and they never told me when I purchased the car, I found it myself on the jeep site since jeep had done the repairs. Nice to know they take in and sale wrecks! Also it has had a ton of electrical issues prior to me owning the car that they never told me. I love the jeep website so helpful when needing to find out service records.  On another note, I turned in a 2007 Honda Element that was in AWESOME shape, They low balled me on trade in and sold it for $5K more. They are such a rip off!!!!  DO NOT EVER USE CARMAX!!!! THEY SUCK!!!!
2 These people will sell you a car and an extended warranty and tell you that anytime you have an issue you can bring the car in to Carmax and not pay the deductable or anything under the extended warranty. What they don't tell you is that you will be buying a LEMON and anytime that you have an issue (in my case, every other month so far), the service department is too busy to fix the car. They book 2 weeks to 3 weeks out.  You will HAVE to take the car to a dealer and at MINIMUM PAY the deductible EVERYTIME.   BEWARE. The sale was simple, but the warranty and service is not as simple as they make it out to be.
5 Jim made my experience at Carmax the easiest and most painless car acquisition I've ever had.   He shipped the soon-to-be-mine Suburban to Henderson from Austin. Communicated well and made my wife and I very at ease.   I've bought cars from luxury brand dealers before, I chose Carmax because of this one vehicle, but they have a customer for life.
1 I walked into this location, looking to browse their lot  since we will be buying a car soon, and happened to be open carrying my firearm. We were approached by a female salesperson named Corky who was very rude and laughed in our face when we told her we were just browsing at the moment. As she went to get her card, I was asked to leave by a manager because of the firearm, even though I was doing nothing wrong. We would never go back, even if they allowed open carry, based on the rude salesperson alone. Way to lose a customer and quite a few others as the local open carry community has been notified of their infringement of our rights.
5 I took my car in for a service because I have the super max care coverage for my car.  Unfortunately, the repairs weren't covered (surprise) but it ended up costing just a few more dollars than my deductible would have been.  The bad part is that it was a just couple of blown fuses, which I could've saved myself the $54 and changed myself.  However, I will give them 5 stars anyway because they were SOOOO incredibly friendly, like shiny friendly people, and they even gave me a ride all the way back to Town Square.
2 Great sales/finance staff! Smooth, easy car buying process. Horrible service department! Communication along with their customer service is terrible. Will not buy from again because of service department.
5 My boyfriend and I visited Carmax yesterday to purchase our first car as young adults!!! We were greeted by an AMAZING sales associate by the name of Lorissa... her card says "Lori."  and she'd been a sales associate since 2012  She first identified our needs and wants in a car, being 6'4" we clearly needed a bigger vehicle and something reliable with GREAT mileage and affordable since we're only 21! She showed us about 6... and let us tell you... she measured our needs so perfectly... the first car she showed us... is the car we purchased.  She was able to find us a midsized SUV... phenomenal interest rate, spectacular service, AWESOME test drive, FAST financing and paperwork... let me just put it this way... we showed up at 4:00 and were both BACK onto our side of town in North Las  Vegas, Keys in hand, Car in driveway by 7:00... fastest and best car buying experience ever... we'll probably never buy a car anywhere else again.
1 BEWARE ! ! ! My wife and I recently went to the crooks, oops I meant Carmax on Warm Springs Rd. in Henderson NV to trade in my Titan and purchase a car. Everything went very smooth, the sales associate was very nice and helpful he took us out on two test drives and even went above and beyond to get us the car that we really wanted.     While on the second test drive couldn't help to notice that the car's alignment was off. The sales man said, "Carmax would fix if it because all of the vehicles on their lot had a 30 day warranty and if ANYTHING went bad or needed to be repaired within 30 days, it was covered 100%. . .ALSO he explained about their 5 day return policy which stated that the customer has 5 days to change their mind on the purchase (for ANY reason) NO questions asked.        We decided to buy the car, we went through all the paperwork to purchase the car. Couldnt have the alignment done then cause we didnt finish till 11:30pm. I called the very next morning to make an appt with service and the soonest appt was two weeks out.       The second day the car was in my possession I took  it over to my mechanic who happens to be a very good personal friend of mine & have known for many years. Before he put it on a lift I told him, whatever you guys find wrong with it, it will not be repaired here, it will go back to Car max under their warranty. So he proceeds on with a very thorough inspection and tells me that 3 of the 4 struts are leaking bad and need replacement! Now keep in mind that this is a certified mechanic who is my personal friend and this shop has no benefit by giving me false information because the car is 100% fully covered by Car Max. I then call Car Max while I am at my mechanic, I explain to them the situation, they pull up my info and tell me not to worry its fully covered and its within 30 daysl. She reassured me there would be no problems and stated "Its 100% on us",  I tell her that I'm in the system for the following Friday, but I need a sooner apt. she replied " Oh yeah. . .  You want to get in before your 5 days are up" Absolutely, but the last guy set me out for the following week! She was able to get me in the very next morning 9 AM sharp.        I report to service, the guy comes out, checks the milage, and he proceeds to tell me that they will have to pick up the struts from Toyota and they will call me in 2 hours with a time the car will be ready for pick up. So 5 1/2 hours later I receive a phone call telling me that they are about to start the alignment, they looked at the struts and "yes the struts are leaking, but they are only leaking a little bit". I then call the Service manager Jim and he tells me that yes they are leaking, but its up to our standards and that it's normal for struts to leak (funny that only 3 were leaking, if its normal I guess I had 1 strut that was abnormal) He proceeded to stick up for his mechanics and pretty much try and convince me that it was perfectly normal for the entire body and housing of the strut to be soaked in oil. The Service Manager (Jim) went as far as telling me that "Toyota even said that it was ok and they would pass it off as well" I responded with. . . " So your telling me that you brought the car to the Toyota dealership and had them inspect it?" No he says, I pulled up the info from their website and I will fax it or e-mail it or you can come down here and we will look at it together. I asked him so, Toyotas website states that their struts leak oil and its perfectly normal? I replied that I was on my way down and I'm not trying to plead, bargain, or argue. Jim also kept telling me they sell used cars with dents and scratches, not new cars. I tried to explain that leaking shocks are not  "cosmetic".      In the end I went down there and returned their car and got my truck back cause they refused to fix it.It took 2 hours for them to print the paperwork and bring my truck up from the back.  I cant imagine trying to hassle with using their "carmax warranty" (I did purchase).  I am shocked at the level of customer service down there. They would rather loose a $17000 sale and a customer for life, then fix the shocks on the car I just purchased from them with a 30 day warranty.  Oh and once I got down there they refused to allow us to return the car until I filled their car up with gas (1/2 tank).       Oh and I was told the car had no accidents- however once I got home and looked at the car I realized there were aftermarket parts on the front end.   I still would have kept the car however if they had just fixed what was broken. PHENOMENAL CUSTOMER SERVICE CARMAX! ! !
1 They claim they would never sell you a car that isn't safe...they lie!  I bought a BMW 135i from them a couple of months ago.  I took my car in to Sin City BMW Service Center for an oil change today.  Sin City BMW did an inspection and told me that my tires, even though they had a lot of tread on them, had major DRY ROT!    This is due to the fact that the person that previously owned it, hardly drove it & let it sit in the Arizona heat (where it came from.)  Tires are petroleum based.  When they dry out, you lose grip/traction & they ride like you are driving on Fred Flintstone's tires made of boulders.  Now I'm looking at over $320 per tire to replace them if I want to go with the same run flats which I don't want but may need since the 135i doesn't come with a spare (the battery is in the trunk instead.)  I called CarMax to see why they'd sell a car with rotten tires & was told that it passed their (questionable) inspection.  Well, they didn't rot in the 2 months I've owned the car not too mention it isn't even hot in Vegas yet.  These tires were shot since at least last summer.    I have a 125K mile warranty through Carmax and the girl (Vanessa) kept telling me that the tires aren't covered under warranty, which I was well aware of.  My concern was them selling me a car with rotten tires in the first place.  This was the 1st and last time I will ever step into their Stealerships to purchase a vehicle.  CarMax doesn't care about the safety of their customers, plain & simple.  They'd rather cut corners and sell unsafe vehicles in order to make a buck.  I don't only blame the Henderson location as the car was originally shipped over from Arizona where it also managed to pass inspection with dry rot tires.
2 Having had a horrible experience with Gaudin Ford, I ended up at Carmax. And I bought two vehicles from them at the same time. Let's do a Pro / Con review of the experience.   Pros:  Inventory changes fast.  If the two Carmax locations in Vegas don't have it (they offer free vehicle transfers between West Sahara and Henderson), it's under $300 or sometimes even free to have a car shipped in from LA, Phoenix, even Salt Lake City. (One of mine came in from LA for free). Salespeople: Not pushy, friendly, very helpful.  Financing. They have lots of resources available and can get deals done that other dealerships choke on.   Cons: The vehicle inspection must have been done by relatives of Mr. Magoo as a lot of very obvious things got missed.  Their selection of aftermarket accessories sucks.  Service bay hours: Great if you're a banker, but in a city like Vegas, not having later hours or especially Saturday hours shows they don't understand the Vegas market and their customer's needs.;  Test Drives: Way, way too short to get a good feel for the vehicle.  Trade-in: What a pain in the derriere. It took 3 visits to get my vehicle sold. And they are sticklers on getting the precise payoff amount. Even when shown a credit union website with details it wasn't good enough for the idiots working the back counter. They wanted it in writing, and with all the hoops I had to jump through if they had asked for the payoff to be delivered by carrier pigeon I wouldn't have been surprised.   Overall I like our two cars, but both need some minor things done to them that can't be done without taking off work. The website they provided for follow up on getting owner's manuals, and getting other info never worked. And 45 days later, while I'm glad we got newer vehicles...I'm not as thrilled with the Carmax experience. But that being said even the absolute worst experience at Carmax is 1000x better than the downright excruciatingly horrible experience I had at Gaudin Ford.   Oh and the inability to sell gap coverage? Totally unacceptable, a lack of gap coverage sets some buyers up for financial disaster. Again the idiots in the back office really don't seem to get how things work...or what customers truly need.   Since the con list is longer than the pro list...2 stars is all they get. Oh and I'm dumping their finance companies after my first payment...I found a better deal outside of the State of Nevada...lower interest rate, gap coverage, and even with all that I will have an even lower payment.   (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #19)
1 Really poor service, I fixed an appointment for test driving 2 cars. After being made to wait for over 90 minutes, they informed me that one of the cars has been sold and the other one cannot be found. Worst experience ever
4 I've purchased a few cars from car max and I must say everyone was friendly and helpful with my purchase it quick fast and easy. The Car came from Irivine Ca  To Las Vegas I tested it out and it was amazing ....I was very happy it with it...I got market value for my trade in...car buying was made easy...I was in and out of there with the car I wanted and the payment I wanted  ....in just over an 1 hr and 30mins very easy and simple process...plus you get a 5 day money back no questions or 30 days 100% parts and labor....I purchased a warranty because it only raised my payment by a few dollars meaning $4 dollars a month ...I gave it a Four star because I feel that the front desk girls where a bit lazy and confused on questions I asked...other then that wonderful place to purchase a car from...
1 Dear Carmax, I have 2 special lists to place you on: Jackassery! & Absolutely Not. Let me explain why. Approximately 2 months ago I purchased a 2010 Nissan Murano from Carmax in Henderson. Approximately 3 weeks ago I noticed a transmission grease / oil drip on the driveway where I park the car. Over the past few days that drip got worse, then I started having transmission issues. When I pulled out onto Sahara one morning and almost got run over by a double decker RTC Deuce bus, I knew it was time to visit the dealership since Carmax's repair shop doesn't have the best of hours for those of us who work every day.   United Nissan proceeded to enlighten me to my car's troubled past. Approximately 50 miles before I purchased my car, Henderson Nissan had completely replaced the entire transmission. I have a copy of the Nissan service history in print to back up my statement. And as I write this 5 hours ago I was driving my car off the lot of United Nissan with new transmission #2 installed. Oh and with under 5K miles on the vehicle since I got it, my tires are about shot and the alignment is off to boot. Double trouble? Sure feels like it for me.   Needless to say I am not happy. I stopped at Carmax tonight to talk to the service manager, but they had already went home for the day.   I intend to visit Carmax on May 11th, and inquire if their 125 point inspection included a transmission replacement as part of the deal. I feel like I got screwed, I have lost confidence in my car, and someone's got some explaining to do.
1 I bought a 2007 Passat Wagon from CarMax in Henderson 2 years ago. The car had issues from DAY 1. I tried to take it back the first day after my mechanic looked at it. CarMax said they would fix any issues and if I wasn't satisfied they would allow me the 5 day refund and return. THIS IS A LIE. The car had an oil leak, vacuum and turbo issues and countless other issues. RECALLS from VW that were not small. When I tried to return it they said they would not allow a refund (ON THE 5th day when they had it in their service dept for 4 days) and they said I had to pick out a car on the lot in Henderson and they would not refund or get a car from another location (they do this for new customers, but not for me when I put 5K down on the LEMON.   BUYER BEWARE. LEMONS FOR SALE AND A RETURN POLICY THAT IS A LIE. Also, I am not in deep with a complete front engine repair.
2 My family has bought a total of 4 cars from Carmax over the years. On my last purchase, I bought the extended warranty. After I had the car for a year, the tire pressure light got stuck on, so I made an 8 a.m. appointment to take it in. When I got there, I was told that my repair would take 4-5 hours, and they would call me when it was done.  Ok.  After 5 1/2 hours, I called them, and they told me that the repair hadn't been started yet, but that someone would be starting on it soon, and they'd call me when it was done. Later that night, I got a voicemail saying that they had to order the part, and that it would be done 1st thing the next morning.  The next morning, I called repeatedly, but no one answered the phone in the service department. Finally around 11 a.m. my husband drove me to Carmax to find out what was going on. The repair still had not been started, but they said that someone was going to do it as soon as they got back from lunch. Eventually, my car was delivered to my house around 3:30 p.m. With a broken passenger's side visor. About 28 hours later than they said it would be done.  During this whole process I got 1 phone call to let me know that service was delayed. So, I made an appointment to get the visor checked out. At first I was told that I would have to pay for the visor if something was wrong with it, but after I called corporate, they decided that the warranty would cover it. I took my car in on August 2, and they told me that the visor needed to be replaced, and that I could take the car, and that they would call me when the part was in.  Having not heard from them by the 12th, I decided to call them. Surprisingly, no one had ordered the part. They said they would order it, and that it would take AT MOST 3 days to get the part in. It's the end of the day on August 15th, and I haven't heard from them. I tried calling the service department, but they don't answer the phone, and they don't call you back when you leave a message. I am calling corporate right now... As of 8/20... Today they fixed the visors and washed my car in less then an hour. Maybe things will be better in the future...
3 Not sure if this is there fault or not.  But I would think they would be on point with a car that we paid to get shipped here!  So we got there before they opened.  And we found the car behind the gate....It was dull, the wills and rims were dirty. So at this point we already have 1 eyebrow raised.  So they finally opened.  We got to get a close look.  Still didn't like the flat black paint, come to find out, there was plastic all over it.  And you have to spray Windex on it to get it off!  That ain't happening!  There was several things hubby didn't care for about the car.  But again, I think they should go over the car before they allow someone to test drive it, and even before they know the person that's going to buy it looks at it.  So It didn't sound right?  And he said it seemed like it was driven hard!  So we are going to pass on this one.   We have another one coming that just got here, he's going to check it out tomorrow.  I hope this is the one!
1 If I could rate this any lower I would.  WORST EXPERIENCE IN MY 30 YEARS OF PURCHASING CARS.  Purchased car from Henderson CarMax on Sunday.  Car needed work on the roof, floor mats, brake light, arm of console in back of car didn't latch.  Salesman said, in front of me, husband, cashier, "no problem, it will all be taken care of".  Salesman didn't submit "due bill" and he then said I couldn't leave the car at the dealership for the work to be done on Monday but had to come back.  They couldn't take me to  work and didn't offer a loaner.   After I threw a screaming fit in the Las Vegas dealership they promised to fix the car under the CarMax warranty.  LIARS - I just paid $351 for an oil change, tire rotation and the deductible on the extended warranty that I purchased. Brake lights seem to be fixed but amazingly they couldn't find the leak in the roof despite it pouring rain on me while I sat in the car.  It took 8 days and the console is still on back order. DO NOT, I REPEAT DO NOT PURCHASE A CAR FROM CARMAX OR TRY TO HAVE IT SERVICED.
5 I just purchased a car at Carmax in Henderson for the 2nd time. I don't think I'll ever buy a car anywhere else.  I certainly don't ever want to.  Buying a car at Carmax is the most civilized way of purchasing an automobile I've ever experienced.  From the minute I called and spoke to Betty and then walked in the door and was greeted by Shannon, I was treated with friendly respect.......like my business is appreciated.  Something sorely lacking in most businesses and especially dealerships these days.  Shannon was recommended to me by a friend so I thought it was fortuitous that I ended up working with her.   I also had my last car serviced there, and plan to continue doing so with this new one. I've always had great service and never felt like someone was trying to take advantage of me - quite the opposite.  They are usually timely when I make an appointment and always get the job done right - the first time!   If you're looking for a car - do yourself a favor and go talk to Shannon (awesome individual) at Carmax/Henderson.  You wont be sorry!
1 I purchased a Jetta from this Car Max location and was shocked to find that there was no oil in the car.  After 2 months, the airbags and horn stopped working.  A little while later, my headlight went out so I tried to replace it.  Come to find that the old light had been welded into the slot and it was impossible for me to replace it.  I am thoroughly disgusted by the condition of the car sold to me especially given that they tout how thoroughly they inspect their used cars.  Never again will I purchase a car from them and I warn others so as not to go through what I did.
1 I am absolutely tired of trying to purchase a vehicle with Carmax.  We are 7 hours into our day with them. We started the paperwork process 3 days ago with an appraisal that took ALL DAY.  What should have been a quick fax to our bank today turned into 'well, it'll be an hour'... an hour turned into 2, into 3. We left our bank because we couldn't wait any longer. Now 7 hours later we are waiting for the car to be washed so we can just leave.  It's absolutely ridiculous! They obviously have no appreciation for our business and I wouldn't buy here again.  Gail was awful!
1 Please don't shop here!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Paid 200 dollars to have a vehicle shipped here and was told the vehicle was in great condition.  Had the loan approved and everything ready to purchase.  When the vehicle got there I saw 2 obvious chips in the paint.  I didn't want them to lower the price I simply just wanted them to fix it.  I was told by the salesman and 2 managers that it was within carmax specifications.  I told them had I know about the chips in the paint I wouldn't have had it delivered and they wouldn't even give me my transfer money back.  Found a different car at a different dealership with less miles and more features for a better price.  Thanks carmax for turning my business away, I will NEVER shop there again
2 I have bought a car at carmax in LA when I was younger and feel like the location was much better on quality on cars in stock. I am looking for a commuter car for my husband and we went to the Henderson location. My husband is a body shop manager and he was surprised by the vehicles they had on the floor. A lot of the vehicles on the floor and outside had noticeably been painted or had overspray on them. By all means I get these are used cars but the prices seemed way high considering the mileage and/or that they had been in accidents. The employees were helpful and the location is convenient off the freeway. Overall, the inventory likely changes every couples months and maybe it will get better. Just really know what you are getting into before you jump In to buying that used car from Carmax.
4 We bought our car from this location in 2012. We brought it in for an oil service because we were going to another location not offiliated with CarMax and for Synthetic Oil they charged us an arm and a leg. CarMax saved us $60!!! It is preferred you schedule appointment for any services. We did and we were promptly given to the person who would be helping us. They told us approximately how long it would take and told us to walk the car lot or have a seat. They had coffee for us and a tv or vending machines for snacks if you want.  We used the restroom while there and they were really clean so that was a plus for me!! When the guy came out to us to let us know we were ready he told us the cost and what they did. He answered questions we had and even showed us some info on the paper work. They walked us to our car.  They did attempted to wash our car In which I think could have been better but, Whatever. The work was done and when we got home my husband rechecked the work and it was clean oil and filter. We will be back again!! I believe they are open every day but, Sunday.
1 Where do i even began, I would recommend  for no one to purchase any vehicle from ANY CarMax! I purchased a car from them and I believe it came with mechanical issues and of course CarMax in my opinion did not try to fix the issue they just brushed it off. The worst part about it is the car salesman that sold me this vehicle after me calling him multiple times telling him the issue DID NOT DO ANYTHING! And his name was RICKEY JORDAN. They are quick to take your money, but when crap hits the fan no one is there to help. No one should buy a car from this place because you might have to deal with headaches and stress!  I would just recommend getting a car from a big car dealer as in Findley or Fletcher dealerships. I put so much money into this and no one there is qualified to help besides take your money that you worked HARD for and run off without a warning. IN OTHER TERMS THIS PLACE SUCKS! I REGRET EVERY SINGLE DAY EVEN STEPPING INTO THIS BUILDING!
1 I must say there is a FIRST time for everything! Not ONE salesman approached us the entire time! Guess I keep looking: )
1 This locations Service Department pretty much sucks.  Rob always gave great service and he's gone now.  I've purchased all my vehicles from Carmax in the past 10 years but don't care much for this location. Hey management you might want to take a look at these reviews, especially on service. Not so good...
1 I can only give this Carmax one star due to the service department's customer service. The sales consultant, Paul L. was fantastic. I have purchased two cars through him. He's helpful and honest and works hard to ensure that you are comfortable with your decision. Unfortunately, the cars that they are selling are sub par and their service department is the worst I have EVER encountered.  First off, I purchased the extended warranty. At the time, I felt like it was a good deal and made me feel safe in my decision to purchase the car. Had I been given a clear picture of what the warranty covered or how it worked, or how rude and inefficient the service department is, I would not have purchased anything from Carmax at all. Unfortunately, I based my decision off of my previous experience. The first car I purchased from Carmax needed A LOT of work. Within the first two months, I needed rental cars because 1st, it had a gasket leak and then the alternator went out. That should've been a warning sign, but the warranty was so helpful that I didn't bat an eye. Back in those days, the service department was professional, helpful, and always a pleasure to work with.  Now, fast forward three years. I went in to have my brakes changed at another shop because Carmax's brake job is WAY over priced and they say that it could take more than a day to get the job done (even with an appt....), whereas anywhere else you can expect the job to take 2-4 hours of wait time. I thought it was a little ridiculous, so I brought my car to another mechanic. The mechanic explained that the reason I had to get my brakes changed so quickly (this problem cost me 20,000 miles of brake life....I've only driven the car about 2000 miles in 6 months, based on CarMax's guarantees, I should NOT need new pads and shoes) was because the master cylinder is malfunctioning.   I called the service department to make an appointment. In the past, my interactions with the sales department have been excellent. The past two times, the individuals I spoke with were incredibly rude right off the bat. She told me that their earliest appt. was in four days and that it was not safe to drive my car. I said OK, I understand that I have rental coverage in my warranty and will need to use it because I cannot be without a car for four days. She said that the warranty only covers the cost of the rental after they diagnose the problem. I said I would gladly have the mechanic who diagnosed the problem call both her and the warranty company. She acted like I was trying to rob them and told me that it didn't work that way, I could take it in Thursday or not it was my choice.   So here I am, stranded without transportation to work (or anywhere I may need to go). I need to work to pay off the car but cannot transport myself to work because the car is not safe to drive. Sure, I have rental coverage but really, it doesn't cover a rental car.   Buyer beware. Please do your research before deciding to purchase from Carmax.  I wish I had gone through all of the reviews on this site before making my decision. It seems like the same story over and over again.  On a more positive note, I spoke to an individual from the service department at the Sahara location. She was nice, understanding, and professional. I think that Henderson needs a customer service refresher.
1 I spoke to a representative from their Corporate office a few days after writing this review. Within 30 minutes of that call, the Service Manager called to apologize and tried to make things right. From that point on, my experience was excellent.   I got back my car today with a replaced master cylinder. Now, my car shakes violently while in idle (making a loud rattling noise) and the battery is oozing bubbles. Before bringing it in, my car was silent, smooth and the battery was pristine. Of course, they cannot get me in for 11 days. 11 DAYS! They said it was worrisome that they caused this damage after replacing something but said there was nothing they could really do for 11 days. Of course, their warranty only covers 7 days for a rental.
1 I actually took in vehicle today because my window wasn't going up. This is not only a mechanical issue but a safety issue as well. Someone could break into my vehicle! I did not make an appointment because it had happened the night before. I get to Carmax and after I explain my situation the woman I spoke to says "so did you make an appointment?" Of course I didn't it just happened. The way she said it made it evident she didn't care about my situation. After asking her if there was anyway they could at least take a look at it she told me if I wanted they could tape up my window. That's ridiculous. When I purchased this vehicle the service was great. But now that I have a simple issue with it I get treated like crap. This definitely makes me reconsider my future business with Carmax when they gave me a hard time about a window.
3 Stopped by to get an appraisal on my car, and check out some car options, as I am just starting to search and explore options for buying a new car.  The sales women we got was helpful, yet very very overwhelming and a lil pressuring and pushy.  I am not sure that I enjoyed the experience, but I cannot say that I had a horrible one either.
1 Don't ever buy a car from carmax. Within 3 days of making a purchase my engine light came on. I brought it in, and waited 3 hours for them to tell me that it was going to take a few days for the parts to come in. So they gave me a loaner car. When I got the loaner, the guy told me that the gas needed to be the same when I returned it. It was 2/3. When I returned it the lady said that the gas was supposed to be full.. ok whatever. Then 2 weeks later, 2 days before the warranty was up, I go to register my car. I get it registered, then the car won't start. So I had to wait 45 min for the tow truck to come. They Brought Me Back To The Dealership Where They Tell Me That Its Going To Be A Week Before They Can Look At My Car So In The Mean Time They're Going To Put Me Back In A loaner. I waited 2 hours for my loaner car. I asked the manager, what do I do if something happens again?? He tells me that I am more than welcome to trade in the car at anytime, and that's why they give us a 30 day warranty, so we can figure out the kinks.... then he says just Take it to service and ask them to diagnose the problem... ya I already did. 1, you all should've checked the car before you sold it. 2, they could've checked it when I brought it in the the first time. It Was Here For A week.... They're Selling crappy Cars And Waiting For The Warranty To Run Out So They Can countinue To Collect Our Money. Horrible experience. I should've just went back to one of those off the road dealerships that I went to the first time. That car lasted longer than this one.
4 I bought a Honda Civic for my daughter. My daughter is going to college and I wanted to get something safe for her. I bought a car in about 2 hours. I was happy I did not have to haggle with finance. It was just so easy. I got the maxcare warranty and it didn't cost me an arm and a leg. Within the first days the battery was clicking so I called my Sales person Toni and she got me an appointment in the service department. They replaced my battery! I was so thankful.  If you are wanting to buy a good used car go to Carmax and ask for Toni. She will take care of you.
5 Let me start by saying carmax was the fourth place we stopped at. Looking to buy a car for my boyfriend and possibly trade in my Kia. (Kia Centennial worst dealership out here). Today 7/12/14 we stopped into carmax by just driving by and decided to see what they had in stock.  The best person in this building is Melanie Harris! As soon as we walked in their double sliding doors she was standing there with a smile! Listening to what it was we were interested in and told us all about how carmax works. She walked with us outside into the 100 plus degree weather in lovely Las Vegas NV while we browsed trucks and cars.. She was extremely nice, pleasant, and never pushy.. I loved how she wasn't like normal sales where they want to push you, piss you off, and make you agree to things because your catch in the moment. She made our experience AWESOME! I would refer Melanie Harris to anyone!! My boyfriend got what he wanted a truck under a certain amount, miles in an awesome range and we are even looking into getting my car traded in. I would recommend if your debating buying a car to swing in here. If Melanie isn't busy providing her awesome  knowledge and customer service to someone else YOU need to grab her before someone else does! Thank you Carmax and thank you Melanie!
