1 This is the most insensitive company in the world. No wonder they are losing share of market to Verizon and AT and T. Be sure to read the fine print, as this company will get every quarter they can out of you
1 Asshole tried to score a easy sale out of me by saying I can't activate a prepaid SIM card at home. Yes I fucking can. He just wanted the sale under his own name without the hassle of following up on me. Even though I was gonna type his name online during the activation.  I current work in full priced retail sales on The Strip, and I know every trick and phrase for pushing a customer one way or another into a desired effect. But at least I let the customer walk out and come back later with my business card, I'd rather have repeat business than generate animosity.   That instant ding on your daily numbers isn't worth the long term effect of complaints, dead follow ups, and a snowball effect of "Don't go to that store..." rumors.  This store got its second 1-Star, this time from me.
1 This is the Galleria Mall T-mobile store  I came here to upgrade my phone and get a Samsung Galaxy 3s. The worker claimed that I can't do that and I would have to pay the $600+ for the phone upfront and pay a $350 fee to upgrade my plan. The most notable thing about him was that  he had an iPhone and even told me that iPhone is better than any T-Mobile Android device. I left and went to the T-mobile store at the Boulevard Mall where the chick working there only charged me $129.00 upfront for the phone. She also told me that she didn't know what the hell the guy was talking about when he wanted to charge me $350 extra. She practically expressed to me that she believed that the guy was just trying to f*ck with me, and get me out of the store so he could go back to watching porn on his iPhone or something.  I also want to mention that the chick at the Boulevard location just seemed more professional. She had good posture, good eye contact, had a friendly yet clear tone of voice, and was much more pleasant looking than the guy here in Henderson who seemed like a drug addict with nacho cheese sauce all over his pants.   It's funny how some T-mobile stores are completely incompetent, but others like the ones at the Boulevard, Meadows, and Centennial Hills are f*cking awesome.
5 I'm very pleased with my new iphone and finally no contract! Verizon can suck it. Carl the customer service guy that set my phone up was a really funny and pleasurable guy, happy to have dealt with him.
