3 Friendly, pleasant, comfortable, and reasonably priced -- this place is exactly what it advertises itself to be.    There's free internet in the rooms, a nice basic business center, spectacularly comfortable beds, and a breakfast buffet included in the price of the room.  My only gripe is that the breakfast buffet leans heavily to the sugar-and-carbs side:  muffins, bread, rolls, bagels, danish, cereals, etc.  The choices for protein are a heavily sugared yogurt, pork sausage patties, and some very unappetizing little patties of scrambled egg.  If you are trying to avoid carbs, it's not a good scene.    THat said, there are many good options for breakfast nearby, and everything else about the place is great.
5 I've now been a regular customer of this Hampton Inn for over a year.  It wasn't my choice; the congregation I serve puts me up there.  So I'm not really "the customer" -- the people they really have to please are my employers.  That said, this has truly become my "home away from home."  I know the people at the desk by name, and they know me by name.  I am greeted when I come and go throughout my visit.  They are genuinely concerned for my welfare and comfort.  Several of the maids and maintenence people recognize me and regularly check on my satisfaction and comfort.  In dozens of nights spent there, my room has always been immaculate upon arrival, and has always been clean when I return in the evening.  If I need something, all I have to do is call the desk, and they do their darndest to help me out.  I once needed a pulpit robe (!) pressed in 4 hours -- one of the desk guys found a way to make it happen.    I know that Las Vegas has many world-class hotels.  I just don't think I will ever stay in any of them, because no luxury hotel in the world features the warm hospitality I have experienced at this Hampton Inn.
5 I have been making business trips to Vegas for the past couple of years now and have finally settled upon this place as a definite home away from home!  I stay for 1-2 weeks at a time and it makes all the difference to be a guest of a house that exudes hospitality.  Many thanks to Stephany, Liberty, and Ms Goodwin who consistently and effortlessly create such a warm, inviting environment for us weary road warriors!!
4 First time in Henderson, Nv for a vacation off the strip.  First time staying at the Hampton Inn. We rented a mini suite two queen beds. The room very clean, with lots of fresh clean towels. The hotel was a little old but very, very clean. The hotel staff was excellent. The breakfast was hot and well done and lots of food.  The Breakfast server was excellent and very helpful.  Free newspaper. Out doors and pool area clean. Felt safe at the Hotel. I would mostly  recommend this hotel because of the nice staff. I would stay at a Hampton Inn.
4 I stayed here just one night for a quick work trip.  I had a spacious suite, two queens, microwave, mini-fridge, couch, and two TVs (not flat-screen).  The room was clean.  The staff was friendly and check-in was a breeze.  I didn't take advantage of the breakfast but it looked good, about what you'd expect for hotel in this class.  IHOP is conveniently right next-door for something more substantial.  If I had to spend a few days in Vegas, this would be a good choice.
2 Positives: Room is clean and not smelly. Wi-fi is free & fast. Free breakfast is decent. Negatives: Lousy sound proofing. You can hear people talking (not shouting) in next room or hallway, which makes me want to move out ASAP. Difficult to get in the motel from South bound Warm Spring Rd.
5 For the money and the quality, you just can't beat staying here. The hotel is clean, the beds are comfortable and we stayed with our dogs and even got an exterior door to our room. The only draw back to the exterior rooms is that they only come with 2 queen beds. we wouldve liked a king. but that aside, the breakfast was pretty good and i must RAVE about the management! I left something behind and they were good enough to go and find it and then mail it to me! (I paid for shipping). I was afraid i would be told   "well, we never found it" as typically happens on airplanes and in some other hotels. The management was very accommodating. I can't speak more highly of them. the only squawk i would have is that housekeeping needs to periodically change the fancy little folded washcloth which holds a bar of soap in the bathroom. We ran out of facecloths and i went to use it - but it was rather dusty - so i decided against it. everything else - perfectly clean.
4 A nice place to stay. The breakfast is good and the coffee is fresh. If you arrive around 6p, they have oven fresh cookies available. The bed was surprisingly comfortable. The rooms were clean. It was about a 20 minute drive from lake mead, but worth it. They do not have boat parking, but the lot was not full, so we were able to park there nonetheless.
5 Love this place!! Everyone is so nice and accommodating.. Great hot breakfast and small dinner, hot cookies yummmmm our 3 kids were happy that makes us parents happy!!! We will be back!!
5 The service here is extraordinary - over the top. I stay here regularly. They really make an effort to satisfy guests.
