5 You're not going to find a nicer, easy-to-work-with florist, period. ...And we looked everywhere!  We used A Beautiful Bouquet for our wedding and they were SO good to us. The flowers were beautiful, the arrangements were perfect, and the prices couldn't be beat. The owner even went out of her way to replace flowers that came in that weren't exactly the color we were expecting...at her expense! I couldn't be more happy with A Beautiful Bouquet and I can't wait to use their services again!
2 I received an arrangement of tulips in a vase as a gift. I have to say the tulips looked half dead. There were actually brown marks all over the tulips. They were surrounded by a bunch of otehr flowers that were supposed to be white, but were also brown. I feel terrible for the person who spent so much money to send me the flowers when they were obviously well past their prime. Not impressed.
2 You did contact me about replacing the flowers. I didnt want more flowers. The tulips were dead and falling apart after two days. Sorry- still say I have experienced better, but now I kind of feel worse because I feel you are a bit aggressive as well.
5 My husband sends me flowers at least 3 times a year, Valentines Day, Mothers Day and my birthday and yesterday for my birthday he needed a different florist to go since we had issues with our past florist, anyways, so he found this florist, at first they didn't have the Tiger Lillie's which are my favorite flowers, but was told that they will get them in fresh that same day and they were gonna call my husband once they came in, and of course they did! Which was another plus!!!   My husband told them that it must be delivered at my office before noon. It actually arrived around 10. I was totally surprised and impressed that here were a big beautiful bouquet of Tiger Lillie's and they smelled wonderful and I was totally in love with my flowers!   Not only were the flowers beautiful, but the vase as well was really nice and made my bouquet even more elegant! Unlike other florists, when they have cheap looking ones! So over all, my husband says he will go to this florist from now on!!!!!
5 I placed an order for a floral arrangement for a memorial service.  I looked at their website and explained to Korby what I was looking for; she indicated that some of the flowers were not available, but she would try to find similar flowers.   When I arrived at the memorial service and saw the arrangement it took my breath away.  I think Korby's arrangement was the most beautiful I had ever seen.  Thank you Korby for making a sad day a little brighter with your flowers.
5 Always nice and offers great advice. Florist of choice. Came from Summerlin to order flowers for our upcoming wedding because they treated us so great.
5 We used this florist for our sons Bar Mitzvah and we are now using them for a wedding. This a family owned business and every time we've been there they are very helpful and honest. There prices are very reasonable. We will continue to use them.
5 I popped in to this florist at about 5:15pm (they usually close at 5pm) and they happened to still be open, I just needed a single white rose which they provided for only $3.  The rose was perfect just the amount of bloom.  I've been to many florists, but this one had a much more family atmosphere, not at all cold.  It is run by a sweet mother / daughter combo who are very detail oriented.  I will definitely go to them for all of my floral needs.
1 We were VERY disappointed.  I went with a local florist, close to where my mom's assisted living facility is in Henderson instead of 1-800 flowers or proflowers.com because I like to support the little guy.  I live in New York so I had to trust that the florist would take care of me.  I even spoke to her because there was a problem with my credit card, and I was not informed that the arrangement would be different colors..less flowers,..she didn't say anything. My sister sent me a picture.  It was not anything like the arrangement I saw online, that stated for "local delivery only".  The picture of Daisy dots was beautiful!  It had peach and oranges..very colorful, with tree fern, leather and yellow solidago filler.  What we received were 3 yellow gerbers, one orange in the back, yellow solidago filler and white roses..no contrast what-so-ever..the roses were a poor substitution , and i do not care how much they cost. and.they weren't buds..they were funeral bouquet ready, for sure..or else they would have to throw them out! I see another reviewer called them "aggressive" when they called them about their problem.."aggressive" was being nice..I am sure.  I , too, was yelled at..telling me roses were more expensive (again, NOT what I WANTED, I DO NOT LIKE ROSES) and they had to drive 20 miles to get these flowers (oh puleeesseee) , bla bla bla..her tone got mean and her voice got louder as I tried to explain this is the first birthday my mother is in this place after loosing my father, her husband of 62 years this past Christmas!  I eventually had to hang up..as she got progressively louder and louder and i could not get a word in. She was talking as if she did me a favor and I was being ungrateful!  very rude...She did, in the beginning of our conversation, offer to replace the arrangement, but because I hung up on her when she started yelling and I have no idea what she did.  and I will not, because my sister is leaving Vegas today to come home. Like I said, I am from NY... I do not know if it is habit for them to do this, thinking i would never see it and it was going to some old lady in a nursing home..who would tell?  or if they just do shabby work.  all i know is this review is not coming down..and i will add pictures if it allows me to here...unless my card is refunded the $60 I spennt!  Try somewhere else..my mom will be there for a while, I know I will be going elsewhere..probably to the big guy.
