4 I expect the same call on the 23rd of December every year, and this is how it goes:  *ring ring* Me: Hello Frantic, frazzled, harried mom: Hi honey, how are you? Me: Oh, hi Mom.  I'm good, how's it going? FFHM: Oh, good, except...Oh, I forgot the ham. Me: Of course you did. FFHM: Could you go down to the Honey Baked Ham Store and get me their biggest* ham? Me: *sighing* Sure, Mom. FFHM: Ok, just remember, I want their BIGGEST* ham!  Thank you!  I love you! Me: You're welcome!  I love you too!  *Note that the greatest number of adults we've had at Christmas dinner in the past few years has been something like, oh, 7.  And there's a turkey.  And all the sides.  And a few pies.  And a roast leg of beast, or somejunk.  We really, REALLY don't need the BIGGEST ham.  Anyway, I pack myself up and get myself to the Honey Baked Ham Store.    And I get in line.    Oh yeah, I'm totally standing outside.  Because it's December 23, and everyone and their mom (except mine!) is picking up their ham.  But look, the line, it MOVES.  It moves QUICKLY.  It moves so fast it's line Disneyland on crack.  I finally get in and my eyes can hardly believe what they are seeing.  The hams are flying so fast they're almost being launched from the arms of the employees into the still-chapped hands of the ham-needers.  I get to the counter with the speed of a cheetah on Dexatrim, and I blurt out, "Ineedyourbiggestham,please!" but my request goes unheeded.  Only hearing "ham" the, by now, automaton of an employee just hands me a ham as one behind me asks if I'd like chutney - which I get every year and which no one eats.  And hey, that ham is tasty.  That is the best ham out there, and I don't like ham.  Their turkey is some kind of glazed gift from a benevolent God it was easier to pretend didn't exist anymore.  The wait in the line is worth it, although their efficiency invariably leads to lack of hearing.  It's a holiday plight no one's thought of.  (Kudos to my mom for doubtlessly laughing at this although I tease her.  She knows she the best.)
4 Spiral cut honey baked ham. DELICIOUS!!!!!! I could eat this ham all year long. Why wait until the holidays.
4 I had a ham from here once.  It was a good ham.
4 Today I came in for a ham. So I ask the clerk at the counter for a boneless ham he brings me one with a bone. I point out it has a bone the clerk says oh and wraps in back up and brings me a boneless ham like I asked. So then I asked if they can slice the ham for me,  the clerk says we sell it by the slice, so again I ask can you slice this ham, and again I get the same answer.  So I just said thanks bought my ham and went home.  I come to find out, the ham was already sliced I just couldn't tell because of the sugar or honey or whatever you call it glazed on the ham. I gave 4 stars because the hams are so good and the clerk was new.
5 Love Honeybaked Hams... and their Turkey is excellent too!   You can even get sides for a complete and delicious meal! OR... you can go for lunch and order a tasty sandwich and side.  Suggestion... call ahead and order the size ham you want.... especially if you are ordering during holiday times.
1 One slow morning at Honeybaked Ham Henderson, I went in for a ham sandwich to go. They reached into their refrigerator and grabbed a premade sandwich on a roll that was wrapped in cellophane and bagged it. I got home and it had a rotten tomato.  At the time I could not find a place to post a review, so I called Honeybaked' home office to find where to review. They apologized and said they would like to send me a coupon for a free sandwich. It did not come in 2 months. I called them back and they said it takes more time. It's been a year.  This branch and corporate office get 2 thumbs down. Will never visit this franchisee again!  Franchisee is supposed to custom make every sandwich fresh!
5 I'm a new fan!  I haven't been here in years!  My co-workers use to go here all the time and get a platter of sandwiches!  They were dry, no pop to them.  Just lettuce, tomatoes, mayo and mustard packets!  So I didn't care for them. My son got a gift certificate from his job and gave it to me.  So We go and wait in the line.  (X-mas eve)  Let me tell ya'll  When I took that first bite!  WOW!  That was amazing, it was sweet and crunchy on the edges!  I'm a fan!  I will be getting a honey baked ham every holiday from here on out!
