2 I only come to this Sears for two reasons: a) my dad is a mechanic, but he doesn't live here and swears by their service. b) It's a stone's throw from an intersection of entertainment (and by entertainment I mean Target and Border's). Their customer service has improved over the past five years and they actually acknowledge your presence when you walk in as opposed to pretending like you don't exist until you're walking out of the door in a huff (yes, that's happened to me before at this location). Their customer service still continues to be a crapshoot, especially when they discover that you're not the average dumb consumer who accepts all products and services offered to you.  They're good for the standard maintenance jobs-oil changes, tires, transmission and radiator flushes. The tires come with a decent warranty so I always get my tires here. They say that they check all of the fluids when you come in for any kind of service, but for the past four oil changes, yes I've counted, they have failed to refill my wiper fluid. I know, totally petty and probably something I could do myself, but if I ask you specifically to refill it and you say it's done for free, then DO IT.   The wait is always longer than they say it's going to be, so always add 45 minutes onto the wait time they tell you to get the actual time. If you decide to leave the shop, they'll call you and let you know what's up with your car and get your approval before they move forward with any major work.  The key to going into this place is to know what you're talking about. Because they'll try to up-sell you and recommend all kinds of services that you don't need. ESPECIALLY if you're a woman. So when you go, know what you want and even if you don't know what you're talking about, pretend like you do. If anything, request to talk to the mechanic yourself-the salesperson's job is to sell you things and not much else. You could tell the salesperson everything that's wrong with your car but who knows how they're going to translate that to the mechanic. Get in there, talk to the mechanic who's assigned to your car (even if it means you have to postpone your walk to Borders) and let them know what's up. You'll be less likely to get screwed!  One star for convenience and one star for standard services.
2 I use to actually work here a few years ago when the economy first tanked and I had to do something outside the scope of network engineering/administration. I saw first hand what it was like at this auto center, and besides the fact that the meager commissions I made were often times stolen by one of the other associates, the customer service here is just typical of a large corporation attempting to service the public. Let us continue.  I too purchased tires here because of the warranties. However because of the tire size on my car I had to go with some BF Goodrich traction T/A's. They're not the best tire out there by any means, but they should be good enough to not have to worry about cracking and other things. Well, my rear tires are now cracking all over the place, and regardless of what anyone tells you, tires should NOT crack after a year or less of owning them. That doesn't typically happen until they've been on your vehicle a few years. And yes the incredibly hot climate in Vegas might speed this up a tad, but these tires were cracking far too prematurely.   So I went in to see if they can swap them out and give me some type of manufacturer defect (premature cracking) on the tire and just swap them out with new tires of the same brand. Well as it turns out these particular tires were discontinued but they did have some Goodyear tires in the same size, but they were of course more expensive. After all the tread depth discounts were put into the system the total still came out to $211 for new tires. That's unacceptable. First off, its not my fault these tires are discontinued, that's BF Goodrich's fault for making garbage tires. Secondly, in the case of customer service, I should've just been refunded close to the full price of what I paid originally. This did not happen and yet Sears again fails on customer service. This is probably why so many of their stores have closed nationwide. Their craftsman warranties are great (lifetime) but dealing with many of the associates there can be an uphill battle. (I worked for Sears Auto Center in California for 4 years while I was going to school and management just makes one bad decision after another which ultimately effects you, the customer)  If you are intending on visiting this particular service center, only speak to one man by the name of Rick. There's one other gentleman I've had good luck with there but I'm unsure if he even works there anymore. The rest of the sales associates seem like they're just passing time there before they die. They have a very lackadaisical and cavalier attitude toward work in general (remember I've worked with these people, I know them more intimately than an average customer) and they just really couldn't care less about your customer experience.   As an aside, my mom brought her car here to have her alternator tested because it literally died on the freeway while she was driving. After they tested it they said the alternator and battery was fine. This was not the case. Sears likes to tell people that they can test for these things but they have a cheap, piece of junk miniature sabre voltage testing machine for this that doesn't even give accurate details about your vehicle. Long story short, she took it to MY mechanic at T&M Automotive and of course it was a simple alternator swap. She had it replaced and its been months without a single issue for her.  So perhaps Sears should seriously evaluate the people whom they have interacting with the public, both behind the counter and in the shop a little better. I know they're bordering on Chapter 11 bankruptcy, but surely you can do better than this. Furthermore, instead of having their vehicle technicians sit behind a computer and take multiple choice tests on vehicle diagnosis to get the job, (yes, aside from brakes and such, the guys back there are just techs that take a test on a computer to work there, none are ASE certified) maybe an in person interview with someone actually asking questions about car symptoms and what the likely remedy is would be more constructive. Also gauging how they are with customer service may be helpful as well. I've seen so many managers fired from Sears Auto Centers who have actually done the RIGHT thing for customers, its not surprising why these places run as poorly as they do.
3 My van was damaged about a year ago when I brought my vehicle in for an alignment.  As it was being taken off the lift, one of the coolant lines were pushed up against the sway bar and as a result of that damage caused a major leak.  After I brought my van in, they recommended I take it to the dealer to get it fixed, because they couldn't fix the problem.  I explained to Grant what happened. He took another look. One of the previous mechanics who fixed the exhaust that was damaged remembered my situation from last year. It was then quickly repaired.  This certainly made up for the eye rolling and head-shaking that I observed from Rick as he said,"it had nothing to do with the repairs that were done".   As a Business Owner and an ICU Nurse Manager, I have quite a bit of experience  with customer service. Listening to the customer's needs comes first and foremost. I would like to recognize the high-quality service I recieved from "Grant", for taking the time to listen and expeditiously taking care of my van.  A successful business always leads with Great Customer Service. Thanks Grant!
4 I've brought my car here a couple times over the last year for oil changes and various inspections. Had them check out my alternator, switch out a battery, etc. they're a little slow, but I live nearby so I just drop the car off, tell them to call me, and pick it up later.  Service is pretty much "ok."
4 I have only been in Vegas for a little over a year now. My car is about 15 years old and starting to need all kinds of repairs. I spent a lot money this passed year repairing my car at this sears auto center and I absolutely love the job they do. They're not over priced, they don't pressure you to buy things you don't need, and when they fix something the quality is amazing. However, the reason I didn't give them five stars is because of what is stated in most of the other post. Their customer service is not all that great. Don't get me wrong, they have never been rude or mean to me. They are just very slow at acknowledging you at the counter when you walk in. However, once they do get around to you their service is good. Now, I really can't speak to much about their speed because I never sit around waiting for my car to be done. I always have a ride home or have something else I need to go do. So I would say to people wondering if this is a good place to get your car fixed that the quality of their work is great, just don't rush them. They don't work good with time limits lol. Their prices are reasonable. Are they the cheapest? I doubt it but I'll pay a bit more for quality. Sears is the only place I trust with my car.
1 Leave car at 8 am for oil change. I am Second in line. Technician won't be there till 9:30am. Fine, I say. I'll go have breakfast and call me when car is ready. 2 hours later, no call. I finally walk back and open the door, the lady who took my number down, looks up and says, Oh. Yeah. You're ready to go. I ask what happened to my phone call. She vacillates between "I forgot" and "It was busy". I'm so tired after getting off work at 5 am, I don't have the strength to argue. Now I have less than 4 hrs to nap before my next shift at 3:30 pm. Hendertucky is lucky today, because properly rested, I'd have been on the midday news dragging her through the parking lot. Oh, and the car was done by 9:16, from the paperwork. Very disappointing. I will not be back since they think so little over their customers.
4 I came in for an oil change and a brake check. The service was amazing and I was very pleased with Jim. He went out of his way to make me feel important. He listened to my complaint about the meadows sears auto center and made sure to help me as much as he could. I waited 2 hours but it was pretty busy today so I'm not upset. I left very happy.
