4 I was chillin with the homies a couple weeks ago and we stopped by this hole in the wall to get some Korean food. You would not expect this place to have Korean food if you just drove by the place. I only found out about this place cause my homie is a regular.  I ordered the Bi Bim Bop, which is beef, rice, veggies and a fried egg. We wanted to dine-in but we got there 10 minutes before they were closing. We decided to get old school and picked up some cold ones and ate our food at the park. There was a lot of food and it tasted good for a hole in the wall.  I will come back to try their Kimchi Soup.
3 Came back last friday to try the Kimchi Soup. It wasn't spicy enough and the beef was a little touch. It comes with rice and I was stuffed.  I think I'll try the Short Ribs next time.
3 Welcome to Dan's adventures in the ghetto. A friend and I decided that we needed to explore the options in our work neighborhood (emphasis on 'hood').  Our first pick, USS Fish and Chips.    I'm not a big fish and chips person.  Most of the fish and chips dishes I have tried have been soggy, dry, or just plain nasty.  Even though USS is a Korean restaurant, I decided to try their claim to fame cuisine.  A big plate of 3 big fish strips and potato wedges costed about $6.75.  I was completely blown away.  This was the best fish and chips I think I have ever had!  They were pleasantly fried, not too thick and greasy.  The fish was tasty on it's own, but even tastier with some malt vinegar and tarter sauce.  The potato wedges were shaped like little chips, about a centimeter thick. They were light and fluffy, but meaty at the same time.  You don't come to USS for the atmosphere.  You probably don't come for the gourmet service either.  You may have to dodge the occasional drug dealer or hobo, but for a decent fish and chip dish it is worth it.  Pleasantly surprised.  I would return.  Beware of the Cash Only policy.
4 USS Fish N Chips is tucked away in a strip row of stores along northern Las Vegas Blvd in which most of the signs are in strictly Spanish, which didn't bode well of a Korean food place...nor did the name of the place indicate any Asia relation at all.  So, if you can find it, you'll be greeted by a friendly Korean family and their great food.  I did not have any fish-and-chips...and didn't see them on the menu come to think of it, but that all disappeared when the food arrived steaming hot and tasty. This will definitely be on the lunch place cycle, but I'm not sure I'd try it out after dark since most of the neighboring establishments are embellished with quite the assortment of bars on the windows.
3 It's kinda hard to find mom and pop shops in North Las Vegas. So as soon as me and a couple friends came across this, we had to try it.   I got the 2 Fish 2 chicken and chips plate. It was pretty good, but I think it needs a little more seasoning for it to stand out more. Definitely better than Long John Silvers that's for sure. They serve Korean and Chinese, too. Might have to give those a try next time.
4 I come here for lunch once in a while when I'm at work and craving korean food, it is relatively close to Nellis and the food is good. The other Korean restaurants are too far in spring mountain so this location is perfect, and the owners are really nice people. Food is very filling. Beware, they are cash only and the location is pretty ghetto.
3 A-OK.  First and foremost, this is a Korean restaurant, but supposedly, they do have fish and chips.  Secondly, and equally important, is that this is a cash only establishment.  Now it's no secret that I'm especially critical of Asian cuisine.  It's not that I'm that much of a connoisseur (I wish); it's that my expectations have grown to be that high.  Don't let my rating fool you away from this establishment.  I also need to curb my enthusiasm some because I'm such a big fan of mom & pop restaurants.  This place quite literally is only that: pop serving up front and mom cooking in the back.  That fact alone makes me giddy about this place.  The locale has something to be desired, but as a lunch option, it's nothing scary.  Also, for being cash only, I thought this place was kind of pricey.  Entrée portion size wasn't too bad, but the kimchi selection was definitely sub-par.  Luckily, it was all friggin' delicious.  I got the pork bul go gi.  Those unfamiliar: it's Korean BBQ.  Those familiar: no, they don't have the DIY grills -- it's served already cooked on a cast-iron hot-plate.  They offer in mild, medium, or hot.  The hot will get your attention, but I recommend going for medium and supplementing with the hot sauce they have at the table.  I swear they must lace that sauce with something-something because it's that awesome.  The food is all made to order by the one-woman-team, which means in a group, someone will get their food before someone else.  She doesn't make it all at once, and he doesn't wait until the whole order is ready.  Yet that signifies how freshly the food is prepared.  Service was prompt, courteous, and friendly, with the language barrier not really an issue.  Places like this seem to be a rarity in Vegas, so I highly encourage local support.  At least give it a shot.  I yearn to find more places like this, but in the mean time, I'll probably be back here.
4 Ate there today for the first time.  My husband is stationed at Nellis.  Awesome mom & pop shop.  Yes, cash only!!  I had the bibimbap and it was delicious.  My husband always gets the chicken bulgogi--also delicious.  A little pricey but definitely worth the trip!
2 So this is a mom and pop place in a not so great neighborhood.  We decided to give it a try since our favorite Korean place closed down and it is close to Nellis Base.  The name implies that they are known for fish and chips?  We didn't try it but maybe we should have.  The place is small ( only 5 tables).  Very amateur decor.  They were friendly enough.  They do make food as you order and only take cash.  We ordered fried wontons, egg rolls, spicy pork bulgogi, and mild beef bulgogi.  The wontons weren't Very flavorful.  The egg rolls were mushy and bland.  The bulgogi was just ok.  Barely.  We have been to Korea and this just wasn't good.  It was $40 for both of us.  A bit high for low quality.  We will continue our search for good Korean food.
5 Been there many times and never had anything but good food! The person that said that the Bulgogi was so-so must have killed their taste buds......best in town, and we have tried almost all of em. This is their 3 rd location over 20 years so they must be doing something right! Cash only, terrible location, and other drawbacks, but worth the drive for us from Summerlin.
4 Yet another decent hole in the wall/mom and pop type of place to check out if you're in the area! Before you come here, let be known that its CASH ONLY!  Just like any new place I check out I usually go with the namesake of the place if it applies. So what I got was the Fish, Chicken, and Chips Combo ($8.25).   You get two pieces of battered fish and chicken along with potato chips. The fish was tender and flaky. The chicken was bit chewy because it was a bit dry. The potato chips are comparable nilla wafers thicknesswise but were just a tad bigger. Im thinking if dude  makes it with some kind of seasoning, it would surely be a hit for it was already decent the way it was.  If you refer to my pic, when the guy brings it out to you on a tray, it comes complete with ranch, ketchup, tartar sauce, and hot sauce. That's awesome! You have all the condiments you need!  While I was eating, I noticed that other people that came in ordered Korean dishes mainly Bulgogi and Kim Chi Soup. Man, all it did was give me more incentive to come back and order those very same items. Oh, before I forget, this place is an American/Korean/Chinese type of cuisine.   So basically, you can eat here every day for about 6 months and not have the same thing. Here are just some of the things that you would probably catch your eye after looking over the menu. Frog Legs, Oxtail Soup, Fried Pineapple, Kalbi Short Ribs, and Deep Fried Eggplant.  Minus 1 star because of the cash only policy and the location. Quick story. As I park my car and get out, this guy comes out of nowhere asking me if I wanted to buy some weed from him. I said, no thanks, I am here for the fish and chips. He responded with oh yeah, the fish and chips are bomb here. Then off he went like nothing happened.  In closing, food and service here is great. I just dont think coming here at night would be a good idea especially if you are alone. Which reminds me. The business hours are Monday thru Saturday 10:30 am to 8 pm. Closed sundays. These guys are located in a strip mall on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Cheyenne Ave. Check them out.  Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #129 "Fish n Chips and other stuff"
