3 Went to Men's Wearhouse today to rent a tux with my friends for my good friends upcoming wedding.  The store was good sized and all the dress items were evenly spaced and very easy to peruse.    The service was great, I would definitely recommend looking online and taking a printout of what rental your like so they can match it up and give feedback.  The tailors were thorough and concise.  I must say this place is great when it comes to the value and service.
1 Overall - Poor service, poor attitude, poor follow up, but... good selection,knowledgeable sales staff and good prices.  1.  Experience -Been to this place for a long time and have spent each year at least 1000-1500.  2.  Selection - I am hard on clothes and travel alot. The quality of their products I am very happy with. You have to spend a bit to get quality stuff.  3.  Quality - Their own brand, Pronto Uomo, is very good overall and will wear well and look great. You cannot go wrong here.  4.  Tailoring - They will tailor and alter everything to fit you perfectly, and once you tailor something, you can have it altered in future for free.  5.  Service - Their current staff is not up to task unfortunately. I have gone there three times to order the same shoes I purchased there before. They did not have it in stock, so they called to another store and had it sent to their store. They would put me on a list to call and then never call me. I would call in and they do not call back. I waited 4 weeks and finally ordered it on-line from Amazon and got it in 3 days. They lost my sale. I wanted to buy from Men's Wearhouse, but they didn't care.  6.  Tux Rental - I am afraid that you will have no choice but to use them as they are the largest and most recognized in town. However they suffer from not being organized, not having a good process for customer service and not helping the long lines properly. They have a numbering and sign in sheet, and only half of the staff will work it, while the others just help whomever shows up. Iris the manager will bypass it and then when you complain, she ignores you. You will see 10 people waiting to get fitted for tuxedos, and 7 staff, with only 3 of them working the tux people. Yet all 7 at one time you will see help others with tux fittings, so it is odd to see more than 50% of the staff standing around at the front desk jabbering while the client line is not worked....  7.  I got frustrated there and mentioned my concerned which led to the staff person helping me there simply going on break immediately without advising me, the manager ignoring me, and one kind staff helping me.  I do not enjoy spending thousands at a store yearly and then they treat me like this, so I will not be back, but for all of you, the quality of selection, and the knowledge of the staff has been good up till 2010, so maybe they just do not like me. I would suggest you still try this place and buy stuff, but I will not any longer as it is too painful.
2 Bottom line: good selection, but horrible customer service.  When I go suit shopping, I'm usually dropping between $500-$1000.  That doesn't make me the biggest spender in the world, but it's a good chunk of change to spend in a mid-level men's formal wear shop.  And it's not peanuts to me, so when I come in looking to spend that money,  I expect a little attention from the staff and some advice.  They're really not good at attention or advice at this Men's Wearhouse l,ocation.  That hasn't been my experience at all of their stores, but this one is particularly bad.  I stopped in 2 different times to look at buying a few suits.  The first time I stopped in, no one greeted me or asked if I needed help.  But to be fair, the staff looked like they were helping a fair amount of customers looking to rent tuxedos.  So I figured I'd just come back when they weren't so busy.  The next time I came in, a woman offered to help me.  We talked about what I wanted (classic gray business suit) and she took me over to the section of suits in my size.  After a minute of looking, she just told me, "Looks like we don't have one in" and walked off.  The store wasn't that busy.  She walked back to the register and talked with other staff.  No alternatives offered, no advice.  So I poked around for about 5 more minutes and split.    I headed over to a different Men's Wearhouse, where they met me at the door and discovered they didn't have the exact suit I wanted after talking to me.  But they led me over to a selection of similar suits, listened to what I wanted the suits for and helped pick out 2 suits similar to what I came in looking for.
2 The service here stinks. If the associates aren't cursing on the floor, maybe I'd feel comfortable spend my money here. Along with the fact that u have to talk to other staff members like they're stupid just so they understand something as simple as a first and last name. Terrible.
1 Horrible, Horrible, Horrible!! Customer service at this store or lack there of was just insane. If you are planning on renting a tux from this place don't. Find a different place.   We were told our tux's would be ready 2 days before the wedding, but the would email us when they came in. never received an email, and had to call in the afternoon to see if our tuxedos were even there 2 days before our wedding!! Which is fine if they would have fit! This is what the final fitting is for to a point. Not one person in our wedding party had a tux that fit right. One of our groomsman pants were too long. One there jacket was too short. One the jacket was way too short, and as for the groom well his jacket swam on him. i understand some alterations have to be given but to all 4 of them. The grooms jacket swam on him is an understatement. It had to be 2 sizes to big. There fix for this was to move the buttons. It looked absolutely horrible on him. It had extra material hanging out the side and had a totally different look then the other men in his party. He is the groom!!! So they gave him another jacket to try on that looked better on him, but her couldn't raise his arms. As they are waiting for the jacket you could hear the employees cursing in the back room. Saying they will never buy anything from here, they are just renting tuxedos!! Business is business. We paid over $800 to rent these tuxedos from them, and this was the service we receive?  Anyways, So it was too big, or too little! So the said they could order us a new jacket. They do tuxedo rentals , but get them from California so it took until the day of the wedding to get a jacket that we weren't even sure was going to get there on time nor fit him. They sent him home with the huge jacket in case it did not make it. When he returned home with this news i was devastated. I called the place and asked to speak to a manager. Th girl whom obviously shouldn't be a manager was the girl who answered the phone. She told me "well I cant drive to California and get you your tux jacket, there is nothing I can do. You will just have to wait till Saturday and see if it makes it." I was told it may arrive at 10:30am when my wedding was at 12, or it maybe anytime that day. They never know what time the delivery was going to be there. I was furious!!! His jacket did arrive at 10:30, but it was a nightmare to have to go there and get it an hour before or wedding. Horrible customer service is an understatement! I called back to get the general managers name of Iris and will be returning to the store to take this up with her.
1 Messy store, no customer service and just an all-round bad experience! I think I will take my business elsewhere.
1 Terrible customer service....Also try renting a 59.00 Tux!  There is no such thing.  Its dishonest advertising practices.  Also my husband brought my son in for the 2 for 1 suit sale...the salesman matched up his suits with shirts that were 90.00 each!  did not think twice about mentioning that to my husband.  Also the belts were exactly the same but one was 20.00 more! (different color)  If you shop there always look at the prices and look at your receipt!!!!!!  They must work on commision.  Up selling must be their thing...WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK,
1 Bad service. Bought 2 suits, Bob was very helpful. Got them measured.Took them almost a month to get them ready. thats when it went downhill. One suit wasnt done right, took it back, they lost the pant! it took them 10 days to find it and then they said they fixed it. but they did not. they made it worse. it took me 1 hr to wait when I want to pick it up. Also, on the other suit, they didnt even open up the pockets, I mean really!
2 I went here for a tux fitting.  We were completely ignored by the staff for about 10 minutes.  I suppose it's good that they weren't pushy, but feeling overly neglected doesn't feel good either.  When I did finally receive service, it felt a bit rushed.  I'm not too particular about how stuff fits, but I can imagine it annoying someone else.  I spent a little time walking around looking at dress shirts and whatnot.  Dang, they got some expensive stuff.  I don't think I saw a dress shirt under $70.  The good news is that the tux rental came with a 50% off your next purchase coupon.  But what about the people who don't have a coupon?
1 I was very disappointed with the customer service here. I'm through with Mens Warehouse forever because of this store.
2 When we went to get my husband fitted and to pick tux and color schem for the groomsmen to rent for our wedding, the guy who help us was so nice and pleasant. He's very helpful and very patient.  Thats the only reason why i rate them two stars.. Because when we returned the tuxes we rented, the woman that was checking all the stuff gave my husband an attitude just because we didnt put the stuff nicely back in the bag. I dont think we have to put it back nicely cause we pay $200 anyway. I will never recommend this place to anyone..
1 Worst costumer service, ever. Even asking for help we couldn't get help. No one greeted us. How does this place stay in business? If my husband didn't spend so much time picking out clothes (with NO help!) I'd go and return them. I still might.
1 Not impressed, over $200 for a RENTAL? And it has to be back the day after the event no matter what or it's an additional $20 per day.  It would have been cheaper to buy the dumb things. Never again
1 I wish I could give them no stars! Service sucks enough said. If it starts out bad it will stay bad. Stay away don't let them ruin your big day!
1 Garbage. This place is straight garbage. 3 visits and my verdict is: Garbage. This location makes me never want to do business with this company again. I'm almost offended at how much they neglected this bridal party. I seriously could have just walked out with my rental without paying and no one would have noticed until I returned it. I'm so ashamed of this whole experience. Its off putting that I have to give at least one star.
5 I walked into the store expecting the worst based on in the reviews that I read on Yelp. I had tried on my tuxedo that I bought about 10 years ago. I found that the waistband needed to be let out ( it must have shrunk in the closet). I had a wedding coming up in less than one week with travel beginning in 2 days. Not alot of time to allow for the alteration. I walked into the store Sunday afternoon of the 4th of July weekend. The store was crowded with lots of customers. An employee who was helping another customer smiled at me and said I'll be right with you. He had to have seen that I was carrying a pair of tuxedo pants and therefore unlikely to buy anything. Sure enough within 3 minutes he came over to ask how he could help me. I explained my problem and he told me that the alterations department was overwhelmed because it's a holiday weekend. However after hearing what my problem was , he said he would be able to make it work. After marking up the pants, he told me to come back tomorrow after 6 p.m. When I called on Monday afternoon, I was told that the pants were ready. Not only were the parents waiting for me, they were pressed and altered perfectly. Store had outstanding customer service, excellent workmanship, service with a smile. A special shout out to Daniel Hernandez who made sure all of this went perfectly well.  PS: because I had purchased the tuxedo from Mens Wearhouse, there was no charge for the alteration even though it was 10 years before.
