3 A good selection of bagels.  Their smear of lite cream cheese, as are their prices, is more than I like.
3 I usually come here for a dozen of bagels but haven't been here  in 2 months ... service was very slow today, seems like the last couple times i have tried this place has not changed. The bagels were fresh though ... just really slow service. Lot of selection and people behind the counter are friendly. Hope they stream line the process better
3 This location has nice staff. I like the specialty bagels; spinach and chilies. I prefer the breakfast options at Brooklyn Bros better. This place relies more on the "synthetic",  if you will, eggs, bacon, and sausage and the fresh squeezed orange juice is really minute maid light pulp. But the Nova Lox is good as well as the flavored coffees.
4 The bagels are always fresh and tasty here.  I LOVE Einstein's coffee, and the bottomless cup that you serve yourself.  My favorite thing about Einstein's is the selection of coffees.  They always have a seasonal roast available (right now it's Autoumn Roast, and it's de-lish!)  Thania and her store's staff are always very friendly.  I love sitting on the tall chairs in front of the window reading or doing my homework.  The only down sides to this store is that it's a bit small, and even if there was wi-fi, there's not an outlet to be found other than the one right by the east door (and they probably wouldn't really dig me plugging in and creating a tripping/lawsuit hazard).  Other than that, a great place to chill and get some great coffee.
3 The fact that Einstein Bagels is usually massed with patrons in the morning is a sign that the Las Vegas Valley has a need for more bagel shops.    After living in New York, Einstein Bagels trails behind mom and pop bagel shops in value and quality. For the record Einstein Bagels attempted to go into the New York market, and failed in a couple months. A BLT special with coffee in a New York bagel shop is a great deal less expensive than Einstein Bagels.   At any rate, this is a good place to have breakfast. It is convenient to Henderson's Galleria Mall business district. Theirs coffee, with unlimited refills, is coffee shop quality. And there is a sufficient amount of vacant parking spaces at the adjoining vacant Borders.   On this visit they slightly jumped the shark by not letting customers order the $5 BLT special to noon. C'mon. Still it was not much of a jump to lower my rating.
4 The bagels are really fresh here. I got the 6 cheese bagel toasted with cream cheese. So good! The coffee is really good here too. Staff is very friendly. Will come back next time we are in town!
5 This store is chilled/cold. The staff love they jobs. Food is muah!
4 Love this place. The staff is always friendly always greets when arriving. The bagels are always fresh everyday. I love the vanilla hazelnut coffee. Store is always clean. I have been coming here to this store a long time and have seen alot of the employees changed.
1 What a terrible experience at this one! I have never seen a worse ran store of any type. If you are a regular you get to skip non regular's in line because they walk in the door get their order's made skip you in line and you don't even get asked what you want until that regular has their food and has paid! We were in line before three of these regulars walked in and they had everything and paid before we were spoken to. I called the area manager Rosita and didn't even get a call back, too bad that this area of Einstein's has failed miserably! I was a huge fan of Einstein's in other cities but will never visit another one again. I know these are very strong words, but they are very well deserved!
1 Einstein's back home in Chicago was great but i have been very disappointed by the Einstein's in this area. Not only in terms of quality of food, but quality of service both of them are horrid here in Las Vegas. I hate to say it but I can no longer rely on Einstein's for a good bagel breakfast.
1 This review is totally based on service!  I love their bagels!  When they have some made...  There is always a line to the door or out the door.  They only sell bagels so how can you be out of them?  Even plain bagels???  This location is not run very well.  We now drive to the Eastern Ave location instead of going right down the road this much closer location.  It's worth the drive!
4 Any place with unlimited free refills on coffee can have my undying love. I almost don't want the coffee lovers to find out about this place so I can have it all to myself. The staff here is always super friendly, attentive and accommodating. They even make me smile when I'm feeling the pre-coffee grouchiness!   The food here is always great. My favorite is probably the asiago cheese bagel but I just tried the Tuscan and it had this great herby, pesto-like flavor. The free wi-fi is a huge plus too. I wish the hours were better though - it closes at 3 PM on Sunday. They could also use some couches... but then I'd probably get way too comfortable here.
1 the WIFI here has been down 2 of the last three times I've been here over the last month.  I'm using the my hotspot on my phone in a coffee shop, imagine that.   If I can't get WIFI I can't work.  If I can't work, I can't go here.   Reply to this review when the connectivity issues have been resolved and I'll start going there again.   Thanks
4 One of my vices is a bagel with cream cheese and an ice coffee. That's why I love Einstein's! They have a great deal for $3.99 a bagel with a smear of your choice and a coffee.   Einstein's has soooo many different bagels it's hard to pick just one sometimes. Some of my favorites are the Pumpernickel bagel, Pretzel bagel and the Garlic bagel. I really enjoy their Garlic and Herb smear. It's reduced fat, but you would never know. If your feeling adventurous i'd suggest the Garlic bagel with a Salmon smear! Yum! If you have a little extra cash I like to indulge in the Nova Lox bagel. It has capers, tomato, thin slices of red onion, lox and a smear.   As far as drinks go I always get a regular ice coffee. It has unlimited refills! Yay!  Even though they get busy at times the staff is friendly and always do their best to help you.   If your craving a bagel and your in the area hit up Einstein's. They even have breakfast and lunch bagel sandwiches!
4 When there is one around me I would eat my lunch there. I love their Italian Chicken Panini. I never really liked bagels that much until I came here. Now I'm addicted! Since then I've eaten almost everything on the menu.
5 They made me a bagel that they were out of :) It was super cold ac there during the summer which was good, but couldn't stay inside the store too long without being too cold.
3 I ordered bagel with strawberry, they put almond .... If you ordered bagel thing they give you regular bagel ???? What happened ?
5 I love this location and I love the staff! Fav bagel place in vegas
2 I love the food at Einstein's but the service has been poor on several occasions. I have received the wrong food, cold coffee, had to repeat my order several times, the register was down, the cappuccino machine was down several times, and the wait time is horrible. The system they have in place to take & prepare your orders is very bad. People behind you can often get their food before you do. It seems like a poor management problem. The employees are very nice but don't seem to be very well trained.
2 Store was freezing. Us and every customer after us had to change their orders because they were out of something. Some customers just left the store. If it were 10 minutes until closing time, I might have understood. But, they had hours until they closed. Food was good, but the last 3 times I have gone to this restaurant there have been issues/problems.
3 Quick service & friendly staff! Right between work and home, so I go here if I have time in the mornings to grab a quick breakfast!  I always get their Bagel Thins but I've discovered a new found love for their Power Protein Bar & Spinach Florentine! Sooo good!  3 stars for average, lol. Not bad but not mind blowing either!
4 First time going, I was happy with the service. Their menu looked delicious,  I got a ham and swiss egg sandwich. I am giving it four stars because I felt the portions aren't as big as they should be, I left still a bit hungry. I would definitely go back because their breakfast options were really good.
3 Come after the morning rush. We were there around 10:15.  Just after we arrived there a line started to form. The staff we friendly (they knew all the names of the regulars) and the food was pretty good.  One tip, don't get the Odwalla juice.  It's pretty expensive for a little thing.  What else is there to say?  They have great bagels and delicious smears.  Highly recommend if it's your turn to bring in the office breakfast.
2 The bagels are good, but the service is consistently below average. The last two times I've gone there, there is one girl taking orders and accepting payment. It's been busy both times I've gone in.   Last time I had to wait for her to take about 6 orders before I could pay. I already HAD my bagel. Today she took an order before mine that was about 6 people, then two other people came after me that we're able to pay before I was able to.   So after all of this, both times, a manager I'm assuming comes out to help. They need more people in the mornings to make it flow better. It shouldn't take 10 minutes to order and pay for one bagel.
