3 It's out of the way,not close to any of the tourist or gambling meccas, but maybe that's what you want. If so,this is a great value: Nice rooms, decent food and very cheap rates at most times of the year. My one visit to the buffet here was memorable: They were serving BBQ ribs at a carving station,and if you asked, the chef would give you an  ENTIRE SLAB at a time. What a night that was.
4 For all the times I've been to Vegas, I actually haven't stayed in many hotels, because I have family and friends there.  One of the few times I did stay in a Vegas hotel, I was co-planning a group trip for about ten people, and the Boulder Station was our weekend headquarters.  Boulder Station isn't especially close to the Strip, although it's not too long of a cab ride if you want to head down for the day.  But if your main reason for coming to Vegas is to lose money at the casinos and gorge yourself on all-you-can-eat buffets, Boulder Station can provide you a full Vegas experience without ever having to leave the premises.  The hotel itself is not fancy, but clean and quiet.  The beds aren't gross, and housekeeping does a fine job.  We never heard any other guests or any disturbances.  The rooms are fine - decorated in a slightly cheesy fashion, but they did at least make the effort - but you're not going to spend much time in your room when there's money to be lost, now are you?    Boulder Station has plenty of dining choices for you.  The Feast Buffet is a pretty typical all-you-can-eat - we went when it was transitioning from breakfast to lunch, and it had the usual fruit-and-salad bar, hot dishes, and carving station.  The Boulder Cafe is a casual family-dining type place with bland, decent, but unremarkable food.  The Pasta Palace is their nicest restaurant, and it has a pretty, vaguely Tuscan-style interior, but the food isn't worth the high prices - just your standard Olive Garden stuff.  For those who prefer their food franchised and nationally branded, there's also a Subway, a Starbucks, and a Winchell's Donuts.  In addition to all the usual table games, slots and video poker, Boulder Station also has a Regal movie theater and a kids' arcade (because, you know, Vegas is such a family-friendly place).  There are several bars scattered around, and apparently a showroom called the Railhead, which I can't personally speak for.  With reasonable room rates, clean and quiet accommodations, and slots that are just as money-hungry as any other Vegas casino, save yourself a grip of cash by staying off the Strip.  Compared to places that outfit their staff in gladiator costumes or medieval garb, Boulder Station is - dare I say it? - a slightly classier Vegas alternative.
4 A nice place to stay if you don't mind being pretty far from the Strip. The only reason that was annoying was because there was road work on Desert Inn Rd. which made getting to the Strip slow and difficult.  Room rates can be amazingly cheap if you go mid-week (Mon - Thur), but like everything else in Vegas, they shoot up on the weekend. But it doesn't feel cheap. The room I got was clean, adequately furnished and decorated.   However, there are several lamps in the room but they are all rather dim. I had to turn on all of them. I also had an issue with getting hot water my first night ... I had to run the shower for at least 10 minutes before any hot water came out. Sound also comes through the bathroom vents rather loudly (it sounded like one guy above me was hacking up a lung when he coughed).  I liked that they had security manning the entrance to the guest room elevators during high-traffic hours. They came in handy at one point at 1:00am when a little girl got separated from her mother.  The casino itself is quite large. There's also a large kid's play area and a movie theater, and very ample parking (several very large parking lots on either side of the property plus a large parking garage). Lots of dining options inside the casino (buffet, Italian, Mexican, Chinese, and a couple of coffee shops including a Starbucks).
4 When I lived in Vegas, this place was the one I went to the most.  They have a huge collection of nickel slots and the food is pretty good.
3 The Boulder Station is an off-strip hotel/casino that caters to the over 65 crowd. Maybe that was not their target demographic, but there are a lot of blue hairs here at any given moment.  All that being said, its not bad little place. It certainly isn't over priced, and its relatively uncrowded. Not pretentious or pompous in any way. The craps games are nice because the minimum is low.  There are some decent places to eat here, but no showy Strip Style places. You're getting Vegas on a budget here.
3 The stations are locals casinos where they come to gamble, buffet and watch movies and but the mother-in-law up in when she's in town.  This one was the second, I believe, after Palace Station and it's just generic and kinda blah.  It's getting pretty old, but they still sometimes have decent acts come through their lounge, the Railhead.
4 This is a nice hotel...It has a great buffet and the theaters are nice!  I just wish it was easier to get around.  It is a pretty clean hotel and the workers are nice.
4 Call me a criminal, but I don't like Vegas.  The only reason why I travel there several times a year is because my sister and her family live there.  And the Pinball Hall of Fame is in Vegas.  I usually stay at Boulder Station now because it's close to my sister's house.  And they have bingo every odd hour.  It's a quiet hotel/casino.  Definitely more for the locals and the Laughlin crowd.  But that's fine by me.  I don't particularly care for the insanity of the Strip.  When I'm not in LA, I like to get away from traffic and people!    It's affordable too.    The rooms are comfortable, they offer room service, and there is security at the entrance to the hotel tower at night so no local crazies have access to kill you in your sleep.
4 Don't judge me because I'm in Vegas and go to the casinos of the locals to play bingo.  Where else in Vegas can you spend as little as $4 for an hour of games and free drinks??  So what if I'm the youngest person there?  It's all good by me.  This place is big, does not contain the crazy tourists, and has Kid's Quest (a place to drop off the kiddies while you gamble), movies, resturants, tables, and slots.  A great respite from the Strip!
2 We stopped here for a late night dinner/snack/drunkandneededfood.  They had a cafe/restaurant that is open 24 hrs, so we thought yay.  I had a grilled chicken sandwich, and my bf had the special of a denver omlette for $2.99.  The sandwich was ok, but the fires were OLD and STALE.  Good price on food, but not worth visiting again.
5 I love Boulder Station!     Great (although small) Poker Room - loose players fill up my chip stacks.  Friendly dealers, helpful Floormen, organized atmosphere and a HUGE bad beat jackpot!  Good and cheap food, karaoke, table games, and hourly bingo, who could ask for more?!?!?!?
4 THIS PLACE HAS A BACK TO THE FUTURE THEMED SLOT MACHINE!!!!  THREE OF THEM, IN FACT!  I don't know about the rest of the place...I came here specifically for the BTTF slot machines.  I played them...then I left.  Seemed like a great joint to me!  "If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour... you're gonna see some serious shit."
3 Man, this place was cool but getting a cab back to the strip was damn near impossible.   I didn't stay in the hotel there but my parents did. They said it was okay, not the worst not the best.   But if you're thinking it's a good idea to stay here instead of the strip to save money, you're highly mistaken. It was $30 to get here and back from Encore and the wait was horrendous.  They do have an okay buffet. It wasn't horrible but it wasn't the best. I did appreciate their diversity in meals: pad thai, "tex mex", and lots of chinese food.
4 I've stayed at Boulder about 8 times now.  Overall its good, it's constantly getting better.  They just remodeled the buffet and one of the restaurants.  It seems far less smokey lately for some reason too.  The dealers aren't anything special, seem like jaded old timers mainly but so be it.  Karaoke on the weekends at the bar is entertaining... in an old/washed up way.    Rooms and clean and nice.  Room service usually sucks, they only have 1 person who handles taking the calls and delivering the food, so good luck catching them during any moderately busy time.    All in all I like it, for the price can't be beat, and its' not too far a drive to the strip.
4 Forget The Strip! Forget Downtown! This is where the real Vegas lives! As close to covering the fabulous Mint 400 as you can get, a stay at the Boulder Station Hotel & Casino is what Vegas is all about.  The wife and I brought my MIL here for her Christmas present. When I first learned of this plan, my first thought was that Boulder Station is in the middle of nowhere!! We were to basically, babysit my MIL, along with one of her friends who, thankfully, agreed to tag along.  I've never been a fan of Vegas. The Strip: it's a twisted Fantasyland with its delicate balancing act of catering to both families and opulent adult excesses. Likewise, Downtown Las Vegas has fallen into the marching order with its Fremont Street Experience, the holographic whales drifting above craning heads; a virtual LSD trip but without the dangerous free-fall.   Sometimes you just don't want to fight the crowds, and when the bells, whistles, and flashing lights get too much, always remember that there are places like Boulder Station.  Located on Boulder Highway yards from the off ramps of Interstate-515, Boulder Station has everything you need on your search for the American Dream: casino, buffet, movie theater, a decent bed. It's not what you'd call "swanky", but it'll do. The casino is theme-free, lacking any sort of glitzy pretense or staffers who must stay "in character"; the buffet, not the best you'll have nor the worst, is a perfect place to land, refuel, and takeoff on your middle-stakes red-eye; the Edwards Theater within the complex features screening rooms small enough for a house in the Hollywood Hills, but who really notices once the movie's started?  Our room was a-okay. It's no suite at the Wynn but the room was perfect enough for our needs: a clean place to sleep and to get tidied-up. Really, what else do you need?? The only complaint by the wife was that the hairdryer did not work, but other than that, I would totally stay here again.  Oh, did I mention I won about eighty dollars on a penny machine? Yeah, the credits came in handy for killing time.   I learned that the Station Casinos tend to attract Las Vegas locals, and that is what made this place so awesome to me. The people-watching here is different than the more touristy spots in this evil, evil city. The bar downstairs clears its dance floor and becomes an open air club, the unseen DJ fueling a crazed moshpit filled with all manner of shapes, sizes, and ages: the crazy old man with the cobra-quick moves flying solo, yet at the same time friends with everyone; the twenty-something blonde in the black dress gyrating before a pimp-a-licious paraplegic, then turning around to reveal someone old enough to be his mother. YOW!! Even so, this place seemed more "real" to me than the touristy places in this crazy City.   What I liked about Boulder Station is that it doesn't pretend to be something that it's not, and despite all that glitters in Vegas, this very thing is what made this place all the more rooted in reality. The true Vegas experience, I discovered, is not the New York skyline, faux pirates looting a ship, or roman soldiers taking your photo, but the unpolished flair that only the local flavor can impart to a place like this.  I may not have found the American Dream at Boulder Station, but  the price was right, the accommodations were adequate, I had a great time, and for the first time, with all the lucidity I can muster, I can honestly say, "God, I love this town."
5 This is a review for Thursday Blues Night at the Railhead.  Every Thursday night at 8 pm, the Railhead at Boulder Station features the best touring blues muscians in the country.  Incredible players like Walter Trout, Michael Burks and Guitar Shorty play in this medium-sized venue every week!   And it's free. Just buy a drink or two and enjoy some of the best blues around.  Even if you don't recognize the names of the performers, just go....if you like the Blues, you'll be glad you did.
4 Clean nice I stay here because its cheap thats all
2 We stayed here for a night earlier this month (coming from California). We had two queen beds in our room, and it seemed pretty decent. The air conditioner is probably what I cared about the most because it was freakin' HOT at 11pm. Yes it's cheap & better than paying a shitload at the Strip, but the one thing that grossed me out was when I was chasing my little 1 year old around, I stepped on a wet spot on the carpet. What. the. freak. I had no idea what it was. I just kept thinking to myself that it better be water. Ew.  The next morning we checked out at noon (that's a plus) & had breakfast downstairs at Coco's. My entire family ordered the $3.99 breakfast meal which included eggs, bacon/sausage, hash browns, and toast or pancakes. It was pretty good for the price.
4 This review is about Boulder Station Buffet.This was my 2nd Experience at the Buffet. And the last time i went was years ago. They totally redone the buffet. The Price is still reasonable. I had brunch for 10.99. The Stations were always well stocked. I had French Toast with Strawberries and Eggs and some Buffet's i visit the French Toast is dry. Not here. It was delicious and so were the eggs. Then i had visited the Chinese Station and the American Station. It gives the feel of a Expensive Buffet but at a not so Expensive Price.   My Only complaint on my 2nd trip is it took forever for the Server to come around and take our drink order. BUT once he had it he came by often and made sure our drinks were refilled. They did redeem their selves but still 4 stars because i don't like eating my meal without beverage.
3 This is a review for the club Railhead inside Boulder Station. My bf and I came here on a sunday night (NORTENO NIGHT). $5.00 cover charge. Super cheap compared to those high end stuffy clubs on the strip which play nothing but english music.  I wanted to hear some good LATIN music and pay less than $20 for a drink!   We had not been to a night club together since whewww. 2007 in TX (where we are both from originally) We moved to San Diego and never went to a single latin night club mostly b/c they didnt have any. So sad.  We had a great time. Beer (bud light blue aluminum bottles were $7.00 each.) We had 2 each an that was it for us since we'd already had two 1/2 yard sticks from Fat Tuesdays earlier in the night on the strip. hehe it was so fun pretending to be tourists. i love it when we get to do that! They had a live band that was pretty good and we danced and had a blast. Tons of people- very packed! tons of young latinos walking around looking so hott - made me feel kinda young and old @ the same time. young to be there and out so late and old b/c I wasnt really dressed for the club and was wearing a sleeveless dress that covered even my knees.  Baaaaorrring!  next time I will get my heels out and strut my stuff too. I'm not too old to do that? I hear 30 is the new 20 and damn it that means I'm in my prime!  :) Def. ck this place out on sunday if u like latin music!
4 Despite being a hotel/casino for people not of my age (23), I still really liked this place. It is new and clean and has a nice theme. The rooms are very nice for the price and kept spotless. Their pool is very small though--that might be a problem if you plan on swimming when staying in Vegas.  I also like seeing Railhead here ever time I go to Vegas. I would definitely return.  There was one amusing thing I found in the endtable I must mention though... the hotel room Bible. Inside the Bible was a small streak of lipstick and a fake eyelash. Only in Vegas... lol.
3 This place has really gone downhill over the past few years.  It use to be one of my favorite local places to hangout and grab a bite to eat or drink.....now, it's just a shell of it's former self and dirty.  The clientele has declined as well.....I wasn't feeling to safe leaving the casino at 11 o'clock at night.  I only come here now to see a concert.  They occasionally get some good, talented performers in their small showroom....which is what kept me from giving them 2 Stars.  In the past I've seen Ottmar Liebert perform in that showroom.....to see him up close and personal like that was amazing.  Will I return?  Only if they book a good act.
1 So Bad I checked out 3 days early...  This message should begin with a small disclaimer: I'm gay which entitles me to the be a drama queen at times.  With that said get ready for an academy award winning performance by yours truly.  Where is the 0 stars b-t- dubs....  So this review is long overdue but I was letting the poison pen ferment to its fullest and wanted the noose I let them hang themselves as tight as it would go.  We are there finally! Yay  So about 2 months ago I went to Las Vegas for the 2nd time this year.  It's one of my favorite spots in the country, even though I don't gamble.  I go for the shows and the sexy gay boys that never get to go out but work in a city they hate living in.   Anyway on this trip I decided an off the strip stay would do.  It was last minute planning and was mainly to hang out with 2 friends I have made out there from my numerous trips over the years.  One was turning 30.  I picked a hotel by their place so they could visit whenever they wanted.  I suppose I should have known better.    Upon check in I was greeted by a friendly woman and it all looked like it wouldn't be so bad.  I had done my research on this hotel and saw that they had 3 room options.  I opted for their suite (or so I thought).  I got up to my room to find a large(ish) room with a hot tub.  I had traveled from Boston on standby (buddy pass) and was miserable and just wanted to sleep since it was 12  am Vegas time. I decided to confront the issue in the morning.  I woke at 10 30 and made some coffee before venturing downstairs at about 11:30 am to discuss the issue.    I approached the desk knowing I needed to talk with the manager but giving a brief version to the man at the desk.  I wanted to be sure I wasn't accidently placed in the room I believed to be their "deluxe room" emphasis on room.  The gentleman got the manager who sashayed to the desk ready to fight.  I immediately thought of rupaul shantee you stay shashay away!  You better work!  I explained my story to her and let her know I saw 3 options on the site standard ROOM deluxe ROOM and a SUITE.  I then went to the reservation to find 2 choices a standard ROOM and a deluxe SUITE.  I assumed the deluxe was there to make the suite sound more exciting.  She explained that no the Deluxe suite is actually the deluxe room.  I told her that her website was deceptive and I wanted to either be moved to a suite for the rate that I was quoted online or I wanted to be refunded the difference for the room for the night before and moved to a standard room where I would spend the remainder of my trip.  She said their was nothing at all she could do for me.  I quickly corrected her and said a refund for the remainder of the trip would also solve the problem for the remainer of the stay because this poorly decorated excuse for a hotel would not see another penny of mine.  She honored this request and I checked out about 45 minutes later and made way to the marriott to use some rewards points.    I am not a hard person to make happy she could have given me a casino credit (please note I don't gamble) and I'd have been like hey at least she's making an effort to keep me happy.  But no this lady was not in the market of making me happy.   Upon arriving home I decided to write a letter to management highlighting the details of the event and being sure to include reminders that you should keep customers happy because we are the reason they are in business.  I even threw in some fun facts about me like a hospitality industry from professional for almost 15 years with a degree from the top hospitality college in the country and my companion being a legacy airline flight attendant that flies to Vegas often as well.  I even let them know that I am understanding when it comes to having a bad day and would gladly accept an apology (fine this part was implied but I made sure it was implied). Well they've had over months and have run out of limbs to prevent the noose from tigthening.  This review, which I plan on posting in numerous sites is a warning to all that this casino does not know how to treat their guests and  to stay away.  Their management staff does not care about anything other than the dollars you put in their machines.  There are many options for resorts and hotels in the Vegas area.  The 130 I spent a room there could have got me a much nicer one at any of the strip hotels that were more than 3 years old but are still gorgeous.  I
3 The room was clean and the bathroom was stocked.  The free valets were totally cool, as was the front desk staff.  Not much else to say, except it was dirt cheap!
4 This is a review of the Feast Buffet      As a local I enjoy hanging out here. A major reason is the restaurants. Metro Pizza serves pizza on a par with a metropolitan New York pizzaria. Starbuck's is here. So is Burger King, Cocos (the Cocos in Sunset Station is now a Grand Cafe), Subway, and others. I especially enjoyed the Feast Buffet. The quality and selection with attentive service, in my opinion is a super deal. Lately Station Casinos reduced their prices on buffets. For what I got on a Saturday afternoon for less $8, impressed me. Regardless that there was a lengthy line, it moved fast, and oldies music made it enjoyable. In all seriousness, what I paid around $8 for on a Saturday afternoon, I enjoyed more than a Strip casino that charges at least double. I recommend the Feast Buffet at Boulder Station.
2 I was there for a conference and I am a local. I didn't stay in the hotel but I was there for over 8 hours so I used the conference room and ate lunch there. The food selection was OK, but it is similar to other casino's. I ate at Metro Pizza. The reason for the low rating has to do with the conference room. The group didn't purchase a group wireless internet package so in order for us to get wifi, we had to purchase it on our own. Not usually a bad thing until I was told by their sales office that it is $24.95 for one hour and $80 for the day. Are you serious? My monthly high speed internet is only  $50 for the month. I was attending a conference and usually it is included or a nominal fee to get it, but $25 for one hour is ridiculous.  Stay away from them if you need wifi while on the premises. They do offer a basic wifi with the room but charge an additional $8 to get decent speeds. Caution if you need good wifi speeds.
4 i freaking love you boulder station!! yes your an older casino but  i love the way the locals get treated here and omg i miss that Mexican restaurant next to the karaoke area ...and the bartenders are thee best on the planet they are very friendly and actually seem to enjoy their jobs..anybody wanting a affordable place to stay in Vegas away from the glitz and glam of the strip but still feel the vibe of it all..boulder station is it!
1 Good food for a good price. But I made reservations online, paid for my room with a credit card, drive 400 miles...when I arrived they charged me a shit load of hidden fees, like 14 bucks for the shuttle to the airport, didn't need that. I paid for covered parking (hidden fee) I watched to valet park my car in the regular lot (uncovered). I get 15 channels in the room. The website said my room would have two king size beds and the front desk said there was no such thing, so I have queens. I had to pay for unlimited wifi and long distance phone calls. BTW I have watched my computer loading for a half an hour now. cold pool, no jacuzzi...they also charge for copy and fax even if ya don't need it. AND they are holding 100 from my card as a deposit. I will not stay here again. I will however visit, and eat perhaps. But this is ridiculous. Now it is 7 a.m. i tried to take my morning shower and there is no hot water in my hotel room.  called the front desk they said they already had someone on it.  they told me to run the water for 10 min and it should be hot...yea bullshit.  this is infuriating.  they wouldnt even allow us to use another rooms hot water.  f this place
5 When guests come to town that have experienced the feast here, want to return every time they visit! I hadn't been there to eat for a while and forgot just how delicious it is, with a great variety of items to choose from! We played machines for a while, then we went to eat, then we went to see Yellow Brick Road and danced the night away! It's great because we never had to drive any where else and we had a Blast!
3 This hotel is like a self-contained universe...I felt like I was in a biosphere.  There are lots of restaurants to chose from...all are pretty typical (not great...not bad) and well priced.  There's a fun area for kids and a cheap movie theater (spent a lot of time there since I don't gamble and I was stuck here 3 weeks for work).  it's a little ways away from the strip but it's nice to not have the drama of the strip.  I liked this place because I could eat alone and not get hit on - which was an issue in most places that I visited in Vegas.  DOn't get me wrong...I prefer to stay on the strip...but this place is a good value if you aren't into stain goon the strip!
4 This is your average off strip Vegas hotel experience, but the service here was very, very nice. It made you feel comfortable and not like you're another face that they cannot wait to get away from their desk.  The hotel staff were all extremely nice. Literally everybody: desk clerks, bell hops, valet drivers, room keepers, and servers.  The buffet here surprised me with their prices, quality, and service as well. The food was fresh and tasted great. The breakfast buffet on weekdays is only $4.99 and $10 on weekends.   The kicker here was the service. I cannot remember the waitresses name, but she was amazing. She was there the moment that anything was needed and went above and beyond what she need to do for us. She even went and picked up real half and half from a refrigerator somewhere else in the casino, so I could have it in my coffee.  I'd love to stay here again.
1 This place is ghetto. The buffet is nasty. The Mexican restaurant is pretty good.  This plAce Is dirty and nasty. A lot of lowlifes hang out there. Expect to see thugs and pimps and prostitutes and drug dealers there. The staff is not friendly and the gaming sucks. The parking lot Is dangerous so be careful and hold your wallet and purse!!!
3 If it wasn't for the newly renovated room, I would've given this particular hotel a lesser rating. Unfortunately, there were some highlights of the trip like the awesomely priced buffet and the newly renovated rooms, but at the same time there were certain aspects of my stay that I wish I was aware of beforehand. For example, I wish I was informed that there wasn't an in-room fridge to put my drinks in (warm water in a Vegas summer is no good) or the the pool's size.  Otherwise, the hotel wasn't an absolute bust. The staff at the front desk as well as those cleaning the room were really friendly and that's always something I expect from a hotel and they did not disappoint in customer service.
3 If you live in Vegas you have to love the Casinos off the strip.  None of the hassle of being on the strip and just about every amenity that the strip has to offer, and sometimes more!  There is a Station Casinos property close to just about every corner of the valley and some are better than others.  Boulder Station is on the lower end of that spectrum but you have to say that it offers just about everything that the others offer.  It may be a little more run down than say Red Rock but somehow that's part of the charm.  I frequent the place due to friends being on this side of town, so I can't complain too much, or maybe I should, I shouldn't have to drive so much, haha.  Either way I will probably be back soon taking advantage of the food and other things to do there.  I just wish the movie theater was a little better, haha.
2 While claiming to "love locals" from every local television outlet, we were bemused by staff comments on service at Guadalajara, the Mexican bar & grill off the casino.  With a little less than an hour to show time, we considered a quick drink and snack at the bar, followed by a casual stroll to the show room.  20 minutes after sitting at a bar table, making repeated eye contact with the wait staff, we remained ignored.  Polite initiative resulted in chips & salsa, over-sweetened  lemonade and a margarita made from an off-the-shelf mix.  Table-side guacamole 'served with warm tortillas' was served with the same chips provided with the salsa.  We heard lame excuses about a power outage, being "very busy" and no through-put in the kitchen.  No back-up generators in a casino?  Really?  The surly waitress might have had a bad night, but that's no excuse for being rude.  The manager was apologetic and made compensatory overtures which were appreciated.  How difficult is it to get service right from the onset when a guest enters the dining or drinking area?  After all, it's Las Vegas!  But what about "We Love Locals!"?  Why is management so blind to the quality level of service in such a competitive environment?  Is the economy so dreadful that staff is hired without appropriate training in "hope" that "things will work out"?  While Guadalajara at Boulder Station stands as an example, it's not the only venue suffering from arrogant service staff, ill equipped from a lack of training or the business values imbued from a successful and attractive destination.  Re-directing investments from TV advertising to staff training and business execution will result in more demand from word of mouth and repeat customers happy with their experience.
2 I'm a regular here! Bah.  Boulder Station is a little less than 10 blocks from my house making it a less than 5 minute drive. I've been in this rinky-dink casino numerous times. I can't even count how many times I've been here.   Out of all the Stations Casinos it's definitely on the "meh" side. I must point out though that they still treat their guests with all the "local love" you'd expect from a Station Caisno.   The downsides are: the smell, it's old, it's not in a very cool part of town, there's no good concerts, and the dining options are extremely limited. BUT the buffet prices are crazy cheap and the food ain't bad.  It's not a bad place, but I don't think it's good either. All in all it is what it is. Don't expect much and you'll enjoy yourself. Expect anything else besides "meh" and you'll be pissed you even stepped foot in here.
4 We ended up coming here because had an excellent prime rib dinner for $9.99 at the Cafe Grand and every time the waitresses would walk by with something else off the menu I had food envy!  We stayed at the Stratosphere every year and the last few times the would really screw up our reservations. This time I said screw it let's stay at Boulder Station at least we know we will like the food.   We were shocked to find the room newly remodelled beautifully! Loved the art! Flat screen TV, new bathroom, the works.  Clean!   The Casino did have an old musty smell when you walked in by that in no way should stop you from staying here. For $20 a night, plus $13 for internet, spa, pool (til 10), gym, etc.   Make sure to get your "boarding pass" their players card so you can skip to the VIP line for the buffet. Hint if you go at 10:30am you can hit it just right to have either or both breakfast and lunch.
4 All station casinos are great in general but I like the Boulder because it's never super congested, the cafe has some of the best pastries, they have all kinds of bonuses and perks for gamblers and the staff are so friendly.
4 We opted to avoid family and my Bro came up with Vegas and suggested this establishment as it was cheap compared to the "Strip" This place is beautiful all new rooms and the restaurants we ate at were excellent, save one thing There was a 3 hour wait for the Turkey buffet and an hour at the Cafe so we went for....yep, Mexican! It's called the Guadalajara and unlike other reviewers had great service and the food great. Four of us had Steak Fajitas which were delicious, one had the pork tamales, also great and I had the grilled Mahi-Mahi slathered with a Ranchera sauce of tomatoes, onions and peppers. So good I wanted more! Sure beats Turkey! Our  down side and the minus star was at the Grand Cafe for breakfast the next morning and ordered the bacon and egg skillet asked for  my eggs over easy and hashed browns crisp. What was served was what could be called a "birds nest". You couldn't pick them up and kept scattering over the plate! I was going to send them back but my wife said "you eat to many potatoes anyway, just push them aside" and have some of mine!  Grrr! The rest of the stay uneventful, I just kind of cruised playing deuces wild poker at the numerous bars in the place. The upside here was just as was about cash out hit four deuces for $ 250. smackers! Yea! We enjoyed this place and will be back!
4 Played here for bingo & regular casino play & enjoyed my time here.. Last week they had a promo where you got 300 points you get a free bottle of wine!! Nice incentive to play.. Gave it a four star because I didn't stay @ Boulder Station so I don't know what the rooms are like. The buffet was really good!! Ate there twice!! Overall, good hotel to get away from Strip or Downtown!!
3 This place is just all right. I have been on a number of occasions to meet with friends, but I don't frequent the place on the own since it is not close to my house.   The place is kept pretty tidy and the parking garage is pretty convenient. They have all the typical local casino amenities, restaurants, buffet, slots, table games, bowling alley, live entertainment and movie theater. Everything is standard, nothing that is so enticing as to drag make me drive 20 miles just to visit, but if you're in the area, it's a pretty good little locals casino.
5 Stayed there for the Hardware show last year.......clean rooms great service! Of all the hotels that comp me in Vegas this is my favorite. Its off the strip and all locals there in area.
2 I like the buffet, but that's about it. The slots are tighter than a frog's asshole, and the place is smokier than hell.
2 I had to stop here just to pee and would never go in there again way to smokey.
2 The All-You-Can-Eat Fiesta Buffet is terrific, and worth the price, especially at breakfast.  I just wish that it would open up earlier than 8 AM, to accommodate locals going to work.  And the price (if you have an affinity card) is certainly more than reasonable.  The servers are, for the most part, very friendly and personable, and you should generously tip them.  The omelet station produces flawless egg creations to your exacting specifications.  I only stayed in one of their hotel rooms for one night (March 17, 2012) and didn't feel that the room charge was reasonable, considering what I got in return.  I'd certianly give this place a good recommendation, as far as the restaurants and the gaming is concerned.  But as far as the hotel goes, I believe you could do much better.
3 I usually only come here for the movie theater inside. It's close to the house and shows a pretty good range of shows. If there is ever a freebie, there are lines out the door. Other than that, ok place to go watch a movie.
4 Clean rooms,great customer service and housecleaning.Grand Cafe service and food are very good!
5 KIDS ZONE! Enough said, they will babysit your children as you gamble. IM SOLD! Hotel is clean and the rooms are amazing!
3 Experienced this place two weekends ago after purchasing an online deal. It was a bit further from the strip than we would have liked, but we got a good deal. Check-in was easy, however the rear parking lot in the baking sun was agony.   Once we entered the room, the smoke smell was a bit overwhelming. Fortunately one of us came prepared and we solved that quickly. The room was pretty clean, and the beds mostly comfortable. Flat screen tv, but channels were limited and  weren't identified on the screen as the channel was changed.  Food- the Mexican restaurant had a great happy hour menu, with a great Coronarita for $8 or $10, the buffet was pretty darn good as well. On Sunday, go to the buffet early, or mid afternoon, as it was crowded and we went back twice.  We stayed Friday and Saturday, and on a whim checked the room out online to stay Sunday, and did so for an additional $16!! Yes, please!!!  All in all, this was a cool place.
1 We went inside the theater and when we gave our tickets to the gal inside, she said she had to check my bag. I unzipped my purse and she searched for I don't know what...probably for a bottle of water or snacks brought from home? Or maybe a gun?  She never said why she had to search.  Anyway, that didn't feel good at all. Sams Town Casino's theater DOES NOT do that!  If it WAS a weapons check, why only my bag and not the guys? Guns are brought in not only in bags but also hidden under men's shirts. So I don't think it was a weapons search. I really suspect that they were checking for anything brought in from home to snack on or drink (such as bottled water or soda).  After what happened and also the higher prices, we decided that this would be the last time we went to the Boulder Station's theater.
5 It seemed we drove forever to get to the hotel from the freeway, it's about five miles away from the strip. We finally saw it from a distance and it was huge As soon as we pulled up front we were greeted by Valet and he took care of us rather fast and was very friendly, he called for a bell boy who took all of our luggage.  My girlfriend and I went to check in and there was no wait, the gentlemen who checked us in did just that but nothing further. I asked him for tips on what to do in the hotel, he didn't seem to have a good connection or experience to give me advice. I also asked what was good to eat in the hotel since we were super hungry, his suggestion seemed as he just read a Boucher and repeated what it said.  The walk from the front desk is a good distance from the hotel, but that was okay as we were able to walk by the restaurants, and see a bit of the casino.  Okay Yelpers, the reviews are not all good on here, and I was SUPER worried what we got into, the appearance seemed clean, but we knew it was a 50/50... As we walked in, it was a HUGE RELIEF the room was SUPER nice, and Very Clean. No problems with smoke at all. The bed was also very comfy.  The next morning we wanted to check out the buffet as we walked up the line was too long for me.  We kept walking, and right next door was a little restaurant. We got seated pretty fast, and the waitress came rather fast and offered us the specials. The food was great, and the waitress was also great. The casino is a good size and had a lot of slot play. They do have a rewards card that gets you some advantages. We went to the desk, and there was no line and three people working. The lady we went up to seemed as we interrupted her conversation with the other ladies behind the desk. She seemed as she did not want to help us and our questions were just an interruption to her day.  Our check out was easy, and fast. The lady who checked us out was very nice. Over all I would highly recommend this place if you don't mind being away from the strip. I am very picky and if it was going to be sketchy or dirty to us we would have left. I was very VERY surprised on how clean and updated everything seemed to be. If management reads this, the way you are teaching your valet team, and bell boys to conversant and give a good reputation for customer service I would suggest to do the same with the front desk, and rewards card desk.  Usually customer service would drag my stars down, however we did run into a few very helpful people. The prices from a third party booking agency online got us a GREAT DEAL. There is a resort fee just keep that in mind.
2 Never going back, Period.  Where to start...  First - VERY ghetto and sketchy location. Don't show up / check- in after dark. Like others have mentioned... there are prostitutes that meander the parking lot. We arrived around 7pm and took the last parking space in the open outside lot. The two cars we parked in between had 4 girls smoking weed in one, and two shirtless men that were reclined all the way back in the other.  *Hrmm, somethings not right here*    If you are checking in, just pull up to the valet area and have someone stay in the car there. The check in line was painful as there was only 1 customer rep and there were 4 people ahead of us. We were getting worried since it was taking so long and due to the people/cars we parked next to. I was praying the car wasn't getting broken into while we were waiting in line.   The front and interior area smelled old and similar to bathroom cleaner which was replaced by the overwhelming cigarette smell as we walked further into the casino area.  We parked in the parking garage which was empty - again sketchy - and then proceeded to get lost trying to find the elevators since the front person gave us the wrong directions.   The room was clean and didn't smell like smoke but we booked 1 king and ended up with 2 queens. We didn't fuss about it but just fyi to make sure you check if you need one or the other.  The casino tables are crap. The croupiers are not as helpful as other casinos and didn't seem to care about us having fun. I did like the slots but only for the points and how they earned in comparison to other casinos. I found one that was right in front of a bar so we were able to finally get drinks but expect a long wait if you are not close by.   The kid zone looked odd, kinda like a big Mc Donalds play land. I don't recommend it but there were parents dropping their kids off there and at the movie theater next to it.   The food is the only reason this place gets a 2 star.  Be advised its a LONG wait unless you are going at an odd time, and the it's still a 15 minute wait. The food was great at both the buffet and the cafe. We ordered from the cafe next door and it was AWESOME food for so cheap. We were stuffed!!  And our bill with two drinks (no booze since we brought ours from the casino) was $8.   Oh yea and they charge you fees for internet, newspapers and the pool- which are not negotiable. What ticked us off the most though- we stayed 3 nights and only got 2 newspapers - really? You charge for the newspapers and all and don't even deliver them?!  And the pool is a little dinky pool.  I rather go somewhere else that you get what you pay for. The fee doubled our room rate which we could have paid elsewhere closer to Fremont and the strip.  We will not be going back.
4 Had a good time at Boulder Station! Me and boyfriend stayed there 10/11-10/14. The buffet in there is only like 10 bucks. The only bad part about the buffet is that you have to wait like an hour in line to be seated :(   When we first arrived I went to the reservation desk to get our keys to the room. I was a little upset because I had reserved a Deluxe King and they insisted on giving me a double queen -_- w/e... we just took it. Besides that, go check out the panda slot machine! Its awesome! My boyfriend and I are addicted to it lol see ya next month Vegas!
1 We came here to gamble...the easiest type of money a casino can get and low and behold had the worst experience of our lives. The casino was small with 3 security guards walking the place. We sat down to gamble and both my gf and I were IDed which was fine.. It took us a while to find our ID's so more security came over and when they saw them they apologized, radioed their folks and walked away. That part did not bug me. We were then ID'ed another 2 times within the next 30 minutes. Unacceptable keep in mind we are in our 30's and well old enough to gamble. This is the first time both my gf and I got up and left and vowed NEVER EVER EVER return to this place.
4 Having been on the east side most of my life, I've been coming here since I was young enough to play in Kids Quest which I LOVED as a kid, though I'm sure I got my helping of germs at the time. But that was a long time ago, and it still looks almost the same (except for the iPad station to stay up to date of course). I've also watched movies here, ate at their buffet and most of their restaurants, drank at most of their bars, stayed here when my shower wasn't working, played bingo, played poker, lots of slots and tables, cashed my check, played arcades, bought a pair of nifty sunglasses at their gift shop, and I was even an extra in one of their commercials about 15-16 years ago.  The ambiance is what you'd expect of an almost 20-year old casino on the Boulder Strip. Don't expect glam, modern, or ultra-unique. I'll get to the hotel later.. The casino itself is clean and not much else can be said about their style and decor.  Throughout the years, I've been pretty happy with my experiences there. I am at the point now where I know a lot of the employees by name (which now I don't get carded anymore!) and say hi each time I visit. They are all wonderful people who make me smile and make my visits that much better.  -There is a wide variety of dining choices for whatever mood you're in. All the bars are somewhat different from one another too depending on what kind of drinking mood you are in.  -No shortage of gambling options either, just know your limits, people! -The hotel rooms are nice and tidy, recently renovated, and an amazing value. I was actually pretty impressed with the way they updated them.  -Yes, it is in a crummy area. The Boulder Strip has a lot of history and hopefully in the future, it can regain some vibrancy and sense of safety. I do often see security monitoring the area on bikes, so that helps. And now with retired sheriff Bill Young as VP of security for Station Casinos, I'm sure they'll be doing everything in their power to make sure nothing goes wrong at their properties. I haven't had any problems myself at any of my many visits.. but I am a pretty intimidating fellow.      I do feel this place has some frustrating negatives:  -This casino seems to be more smokey than others for some reason. -The slots don't seem that loose here. I almost always do better on the strip where it's supposedly a lot tighter. -Really weak arcade area for the kids. -A lot of their promotions/drawings aren't that great, to me anyways. Which might be a good thing to keep my money in my pocket!
2 This place is super sketchy!   I met my friends here for lunch since it's about the half way point for her and I. We went to cabo, the waitress was excellent, the food was great... just the other customers....ah, something  interesting to see. I wouldn't come here alone at night.
5 This is a review for the Casino only.  Boulder has a shit-TON of slots - new and old, and lots of penny machines.  They're by no means loose, but certainly not as tight as other Station casinos and nowhere near as tight as playing on the Strip.    They have a small table games section where they have all the staples - Craps, Roulette, BJ, Pai Gow, and Ultimate Texas Hold 'Em.  Their dealers are much friendlier than average, which makes a difference when you're spending a significant amount of time and money at a table.    The Buffet can be crazy crowded, but if you manage to go during off hours, it's REALLY good.  Boulder also offers KidsQuest - the childcare/playplace where you can drop your kiddos off while you get your game on.  The rates are pretty reasonable, and my boys beg to go!    Boulder is one of my favorite casinos to frequent when I'm in Vegas and want to gamble without the crowds and ridiculously-inflated prices.
2 ....it's the land of misfit toys.    The rooms were clean though, hence 2 stars.
3 When I first moved to Vegas, Boulder Station was my go to place to hang out.  We would watch fights, football, baseball and basket ball games in the Sports book.  I have always liked the bar there as well.  After a while we would move over to the Kixx Bar and listen to some really awful karaoke.  I like the restaurants as well.  The Broiler makes a good steak.  Guadalajara (name has changed now) had pretty decent Mexican food w/ a salsa bar.  I miss the to go Chinese food that was there next to Starbucks.  I forgot the name but they would pile up the portions and almost dare you to try and finish it.  Gambling there is what it is... the rewards card is like anywhere else, the more you play the more points you get.  I have been getting kind of bored with gambling and maybe spend $20 a week just to pass some time and to get out of my house.  Now, on to my review from today's check in:  I like how Boulder Station is freeway close which makes it easy for me to meet clients.  I sell guitars and amplifiers that I fix up and / or modify.  And, then sell them online.  So, I usually meet my customers in a public place.  Boulder Station is a good place to do that.  So, today, I was early and decided to walk around the Casino to see what, if anything has changed.  For all that I can tell, the only difference is a change in slots.  The set up has been the same for as long as I can remember.  I don't know if that is a good or bad thing.    The negative thing that I have to say about Boulder Station is the Seediness of the area.  There's a lot of homeless hanging around asking for change.  Prostitutes approaching you and asking you if you are alone and to see if you want to pay for some herpes.  But, it is what it is and I can live with it.  So, Boulder Station is A-OK!
5 I have 0 compaints about this hotel. It is SUPER CLEAN. The rooms are nice and renovated. I come in town for business and I just come and crash here at night and its perfect.   If you coming from out of town to visit Vegas, this is not the hotel for you, there are no frills no glamor no luxury. Just plain simple clean.   Cheap prices during the weekdays.
3 This is WAY off strip so if you wnt to go to the strip dont stay here.. If you dont care about that then the hotel is nice and the rooms were clean. They have a security guard at the elevator so no riff raff will find its way upstairs. There is a 7-11 close so you can stock up on supplies cause the cocktail service on the casino floor is pretty non-existant. The slots arent as loose as they should be for the casinos location.The place is smokey YES but it is a casino and it is about average in smokeyness compared to strip hotels.. The food is a lot less expensive as the strip and is a pretty good value.. The lunch buffet is $7.99 and it is a huge spread..
1 We stayed here for 4 nights when we went out to visit our family in Henderson for my son's first birthday. The room we stayed in (with a baby) was right by the elevator and extremely loud, they knew we had a baby with us when we booked our room. Every night there was some type of dysfunctional argument in the hallway. The room was NOT cleaned well at all. The sheets (thankfully) were clean, but that was it. The bath tub looked like someone rinsed it out and didn't scrub it, the bathroom floor was dirty and I found pubic hair in one of our towels. I couldn't tell if the shower curtain was supposed to be white or not (in a non smoking room). It was SO dusty you could see it on the tabletops and TV, and the air filter in the AC probably hadn't been changed in years. No ammenities (even for what we paid, and it wasn't cheap on the weekend). No coffee pot, no mini bar, hardly any TV channels, and the Wi-Fi was so expensive I answered my work e-mails on my phone instead. For a "newly renovated" room, it was disgusting and disappointing. ALL of us got sick with sinus infections from all the dust in the room.  If I had known it was going to be that bad, I would have paid the extra money to stay at Green Valley Ranch. The only saving grace was the Havana Lounge across from the hotel check in is very relaxing and makes good drinks. I wouldn't get the .99 margaritas at the bar though either, they are on tap and syrupy, over sweet, and made from cheap tequila and made me feel awful after one. I had to have a top shelf liquor and a snack before the sugar wore off. I will NEVER go back, even though they offered us a Comped room.
3 Given the recent large cashball bonuses at BS ( BOulder Station ) bingo, the gf and I have made several trips to BS the last several weeks.  Probably 2nd lowest rated of the station casinos ( I can't stand Palace Station !! ) but it's still worthy of an occasional trip.  Gaming - the aforementioned Bingo is average at best - small area for non-smokers that is of little value given the crappy ventilation.  Free drinks ain't the best - only beer options are bud and bud light.  They have a ton of gaming machines to choose from.  A large number of table games.  given my focus on craps - i like the 10x odds but not happy with the "modified" fire bet ( a home run gives you 300-1 on the fire .)  Also, frustrated by the fact that virtually every visit involved trainee dealers.  The drink ladies frequently make the rounds - big plus !  They have a large poker room that is very active.  Bad Beat jackpots appear to drive the level of activity.  Food - working class restaurants.  we've only tried the burger king and subway.  Surprised we haven't hit the buffet.  I suspect the buffet will be average at best but again, i've yet to try.  They have a steakhouse which the gaming hosts have offered a comp - i'm sure one day we'll try.  Bars - they have a decent number of bars but i've only had one drink at a bar.  Surprised at the quizical response when i asked for a blue moon - am i speaking greek ??  Entertainment - I have no idea !  I believe they have a movie theatre but i'm not 100% sure.  Parking - tons of parking surrounding the casino.  Rooms - again no idea and no future plans for a staycation.  Overall, I'm a little surprised at how busy BS is - I get a better vibe at the local competition - Sam's Town and Eastside Cannery.
5 I am surprised to say that this place pleased me. When my cousin booked it recently for our girls Vegas trip & none of us had heard of it & seen that it was 13 miles off the strip we weren't that excited BUT it was one of the best stays I've had. Clean rooms, comfy beds, $2 breakfast meals, $2 margaritas, $8 buffet (sign up for players club card), friendly service from check in until check out. We all agree that we'd stay again in the future.
2 I'm always focused when I come here. I have a goal hit the movies up for popcorn and head to the poker table. The dealer does not shuffle the card fair enough for me. They do it like a 5 year old just lay the cards on the table and mix em around a bit and then while this takes place they talk to people who come often. Hey Jimmy how ya been? How's the wife and kids? Then the cards are dealt and Jimmy gets a Full House and the dealer gets a tip. (Its easy to see why I am not crazy about this.) It looks at if Jimmy has the dealer in his pocket. So I wont return anytime soon. Now I know that the casinos does a good job of watching people who cheat but I have a uneasy feeling so I wont return. I know that people at times can get to know a dealer we all have poker names just when a dealer is overly friendly to one but does not do any talking to others it makes me wonder.   I sat thru 2 games a day for almost a week. And I have to say I will just go where no one knows anyone's name. I'm a good poker player Id say about 60% to 65% I just think its something wrong when I sit down and I only win one hand the whole game. I can play in a alley and have better odds. They get two stars from me because the popcorn is good. And I often chill at the side stores and that's fun.
4 Great local spot.
3 We stayed on a Wednesday night for $35.75 (Used Groupon 21.20/night and 14.55 resort fee)   - Replica of Palace Station, but better!  - Hotel parking is outside. It made my car like an oven!  - Nice floors. Cleaner. Great view of the Boulder strip.  - 2 pillows for a King! WHAT!? - Small fitness center. But way better than Texas Station!  - Finally had the chance to experience the Boulder strip by staying the night here and I'd say it was pleasant and I enjoyed the local vibe.
1 We would not recommend to anyone, it was cheap and you get what you pay for. The wind was howling in the hallways so loud we could not sleep, we stayed there because our AC was out, we just wanted some sleep and they failed at providing a quiet space. We also requested a coffee pot twice, we checked out and went home, the coffee pot never arrived.
3 I didn't have that high of an expectation for a casino on the Boulder Highway, but Boulder Station did exceed my expectation.  I was expecting the joint to be far more run down than what it really was, although it was confusing that many of the public areas around the outskirts of the property looked newly renovated while the casino floor was a very old feel.  I took advantage of the 9.99 brunch (with your boarding pass) and I must say the buffet was a similar quality to the Feast Buffet at Red Rock (except there you pay around 13.99).  I also visited the bingo room which was meh (as my review explains).  I do see myself visiting this property more for the buffet (way better than Sam's Town) but I'm not going to go out of my way for it.
4 Boulder station far exceeded by expectations. Usually Im weary of super cheap rooms in Las Vegas but Boulder rooms are really nice. Came here mid week on a quick impromptu visit to Vegas and booked rooms for $25 a night! (does not include service fees of 14.99 per night) also there are taxes and such which were an additional $30 but that is common for all hotels in Las Vegas. I decided on Boulder because the room reviews were really good compared to the other hotels at the same price.   At check in we got a value pack which included one free bingo blue pack, one free dessert from the cafe with entree purchase, free cocktail, discounts on Keno and Poker, one free bowling game- so much fun. I took advantage of most of the options- enjoyed playing bingo. Also the first night you check in get your rewards card because they add on a few dollars instants play money! At the cafe my friend used her coupon for a free piece of cheesecake and it was huge and delicious. Cant go wrong there.  the room: very clean- well a little dusty but Vegas can get really dusty. The beds were super comfortable and house keeping was really friendly. I read from another review that someone loved the bath products and I agree the bath products are nice Our sink was not draining when we got there so we called for a work order and someone came up almost immediately and fixed our sink, talk about fast, at some hotels it seems like things take forever. I also like that the hotel has security at the guest room entrance 24 hours. Towels I will say were a little rough- but for $25 a night I was not expecting four season towels.  The buffet: only went to the breakfast one- and it was good. At 4.99 a person you cant beat the options. Way better then Sunset breakfast. Also the buffet always has a line- thats what made me try it, they were so busy! and I am glad I did.  Overall: Boulder has everything you need and if your just looking to get away and not DEAL with the strip this is a perfect option- great place for a staycation.
3 The closest Stations casino to the house.  As a Stations property, it's pretty standard, but the Grand Cafe has a good breakfast.
4 Even though it's a little on the seedy side, client wise, and otherwise, we still love Boulder, and always end up winning something.  They have a very large casino floor, and many games and tables.  They also have many places to eat and we love the gift shop!  We've never stayed at Boulder, only because we usually stay at Sam's Town down the street.  The valet staff has always been very helpful and kind to us as well.   My husband sometimes needs a wheelchair, so the valet is a must!
4 I've had several stays here over the years.  Nothing too over the top.  I'd say it's about on par with the other Station Casinos (with the exception of Green Valley Ranch and Red Rock, which are both top of the line.)  A good place and area to stay in that's a much greater value than the Strip - not to mention the Boulder Highway casinos are known to pay better, for the most part.  About equal to Sam's Town and the Eastside Cannery down the road.  Rooms:  Pretty standard, and much better after the remodel a few years back.  Ask for a higher floor for really great desert and Strip views.  Restaurants:  The Feast Buffet is great at all of the Station Casinos.  Burger King, Subway, and Winchell's Donuts  are pretty much like the rest of them.  One thing I noticed on all my past visits is that these franchises don't really have inflated prices for being in a casino, like you'll usually get everywhere else, which is awesome.  Pool:  Could be a little bigger.  No atmosphere, just a rectangular outdoor pool with a wrought iron gate around it.  Casino:  huge and sprawling, kind of like most of the other Station Casinos are.    My only reason for not giving it a five star rating is due to something I witnessed during a stay a few years back.  The elevators are manned by security guards, and showing your key is a requirement, which is usually a good thing as far as safety goes.  However, I stopped at the security guard's podium to show my room key, and go figure, he was asleep!  There were a good dozen people, a couple that might have been prostitutes, that took advantage of this and jumped on the elevator very quickly.
1 I travel to Vegas regularly for work. I've developed a taste for smaller locals casinos off the strip because it allows me to focus on work and save some money.   I stayed here a couple months ago for 2 nights and won't be going back because I had a bad experience at the buffet.  One morning, prior to the buffet opening we stood in line. There were two long lines each going out either side. There was a handicap sign on the side that I was standing in but nobody standing in line was handicapped, and I asked the people behind me if I was in the wrong line. They were tourists, and were just as unsure as I was.  After about 20-25 minutes in line I get to the front and the (heavy set black) lady says the line is for VIP and disabled people only. She refused to let me pay and said we had to go to the back of the other line.  We walk away to the other line and wait expecting to see the middle aged (white) couple be sent back to this line too. But surprisingly I don't see them making the same trek that I did.  Now I'm furious and I walk up and I call her out on it. I say hey, why did you send us to the back of the line but let the other couple go?  She claimed they had a disabled veterans card unaware that I had chatted with them in line, and discovered that they were tourists from Utah, and they too did not know which line to stand in.  I walked away appalled and pissed off. This was absolutely the worst experience I've ever had in Vegas.   It's been a couple months but that experience still lingers.  I regret not going  to her manager that same morning and filing a complaint. We ended up not eating there as it was a work morning and we were now running late. We got food to go at the cafe that took a while next door and of course they forgot to add stuff to our order as well.  Would I recommend this place?   Eek! Methinks not.
1 Plain and simple don't stay here... Spent one night and it was one night to many... Only stayed because of groupon and will never trust either again! Horrible rooms... Lots of broken parts(shower, lights, end table)... Even the sheets where dirty... Pay the money and stay any where but here!
3 Boulder Station is one of the closer casinos to my house out in BFE, so my husband and I find ourselves there pretty frequently.  We like the restaurants there & the machines are always in working order.  I've played bingo there a few times & the employees are always super sweet.  The buffet is average, but they pretty much all are unless you are on the strip.  There is a pretty good sized arcade for kids & a movie theater.  My only complaint is the heavy cloud of cigarette smoke that never seems to go away.  Of course, this is Vegas & I know I'm never going to get away from that.  So, I keep my visits to a minimum.
5 For the price, this is a great place to stay... Very Clean, Great Ventilation in the room, good water pressure.  The Buffet is outstanding for the price.  around $5 for breakfast and $10 for dinner.  The food here is better than some of the other more expensive hotels such as The Luxor, Paris, Fremont, Golden Nugget.
1 never again! Super rude and stupid service!! We locked the door from the inside, so if they could't open from the outside, they should know some one s inside, but the kept punching the door hardly, until I woke up!! It was 8:00 in the morning!!!
4 I think for the price of the rooms it is a great place it is very clean and the costumer service is great. Wish the buffet lines weren't so long though!
3 Not a bad place to stay. About 15 minutes drive from the Strip. Beware the enormous speed bumps in the driveway, they'll wreck the underside of your car, LOL. The food in the Grand Cafe was average at best, did not try the buffet. There was a bat that was flying back and forth in the corridor where our room was. I reported it to the front desk, who in turn transferred me to security. A security officer came to look for it, and after I showed where it was, promptly did absolutely nothing about it! The bat was crawling on the ground on the carpet outside our room when we came back from a trip the next day. Another call to the front desk resulted in nothing being done, so I called Clark County Animal Control. On another note, there was little to no hot water in the shower each morning in our 16th floor room.
3 We have stayed at Boulder Station three times over the past couple of years.  Recommended by family that lives in Vegas.  For the most part, good value for the price, except our last stay, which was nascar weekend and prices were very inflated.   That is to be expected, but our precious stay was 3 nights free, so quite a difference, depending on when you travel.    Rooms - average rooms, nicely decorated.  Nothing extraordinary.  Showers are hit and miss as far as whether you get hot water for the entire shower.  That is very frustrating.  2 out of our 3 stays, we had noisy neighbors who came in to their rooms in the middle of the night and made LOTS of noise.  First time, we called security and they quieted down for about 10 minutes before the partying/yelling/cursing continued.  Other loud neighbors were not partying, but, let's just say we could hear ALL of their private time and even talking in just conversational voices.  This lack of soundproofing between rooms is annoying.  We noticed on our last stay that the housekeeping staff was very chintzy with the toiletries.  One bar of soap that we had to share between sink and shower and they didn't replace the soap until our last night there (we stayed 5 nights).   Casino - large casino with lots of variety for slot machines.  Table gaming area was great.  I didn't have any trouble finding a $5 blackjack table any of the times that I played.  Dealers were very friendly.  Cocktail service was mostly prompt and accurate.  Only downside for me was the smoke.  Even with no one at your table smoking, the casino seems to be very smokey.  Better air flow would definitely help the atmosphere.   Buffet - great food, especially for the price.  Lots of variety.  Only $4.99 weekdays for breakfast buffet.    Grand Cafe - good food and great service.  Ate both breakfast and dinner here several times.  Great dinner specials and excellent food.  Also a great dessert case for the times you want to take a dessert back to upto room to enjoy later.    Viva Salsa - good, inexpensive Mexican fast food.  Loved the fresh cilantro that they had in the garnishment area.    Pasta Cucina - great atmosphere.  Good food and good prices.   Pool - we haven't used the pool but on our first visit, there were hundreds of large bugs (beetles?) in the area between the casino and the pool.  Nasty!  Did not notice any bugs on subsequent visits, so hopefully that was a one time thing.   Boulder Station is conveniently located for us while visiting relatives.  Easy to get in and out of without all the traffic issues that you experience while staying on the strip.  The valet service was awesome.  We will definitely stay here again because there are so many good things going on here.
5 When I go to Vegas i'm there for 2 things, Eating and Gambling!  This place does both really well.     They have $.50 minimum tables for those on a budget, and $2500 max limits so you can bet high stakes if that's your game (it's mine.)  The Feast Buffet (I went from Brunch) had a lot of options, everything I had tasted amazing, they offered free champagne (for those who enjoy booze with breakfast) and the whole thing with a players club card is $9.99 per person.    The Grand Cafe (both here at the Boulder Station, and the Palace Station) is one of my favorite places to go while in vegas.  It's open 24 hours, serves a full menu, and makes one hell of a Hot open face turkey sandwich.    The rooms here are also fairly decent, I only use them to sleep and store my things. So I've never spent too much time in the room any of the times i've stayed here, but I will say the beds are firm, pillows are soft, and the AC goes down to 60.  TV selection isn't too great but again I spend a minute amount of time in the room so it means nothing to me.  Rooms here start fairly low around $29.99 and they go up for weekends to around $69.99 so book early and check vegas.com and the hotel's website for any deals.  If you're a players card holder then present your card at all times, even while booking!  They have an arcade for the kids or gaming adults, as well as a kids quest day care area inside, though the smoke in the casino is overwhelming if you're a nonsmoker so I'd advise leaving kids in the daycare for a prolonged period of time.
4 Never stayed in the rooms I eat there and the Grand Cafe is fab, the price is okay, the portions suits the price. However the food tastes great.    I don't do the buffet often but when I do I have never had any complaints. Nice selection. and if you have a Players Card you can get a good deal.    Yes its a casino so its smokey and there is no real non smoking place. The smoke is everywhere, its Vegas Baby.  The machines are pretty good, run when you win is my advice. Lol.     As for the service Its not easy to find someone to help, the cutbacks seem to still be in effect. Little tip, those guys in suits with badges, grab one. lol.    The Station Casinos love Locals!!!
3 We went there for the room and the food and gambling. The penny slots were 'generous', the food was good, but the beds left something to be desired. I am a bit 'fluffy' and so if that was a stress to the springs... They need to upgrade the mattresses.   Convenient and clean place otherwise. Smelled clean, not smokey, even tho its an older casino.
5 I like gambling here, they are pretty good with getting drinks to us even if they are non alcoholic. I usually order a sprite whenever I'm playing blackjack or roulette and they never fail to keep checking on me. I never stayed the night however I love their buffet!!! I eat there as much as i can with my family. great casino, great food, great customer service.
1 All station casinos pretend to be something they're not.  They pretend to care about locals, but they don't.  They're slots are rarely ever loose, most of their employees hate their jobs and never smile, and they will do what they can to cheat customers out of freeplay.  I vowed to never play at a Stations property because of terrible service I received at the player's club at Boulder Station.  Unfortunately, this was my favorite place to play before that, even though I had only won a significant amount once in a year and a half.  The Eastside Cannery, the Palms, Arizona Charlie's, and many of the casinos on the strip have much better player's rewards, free play, customer service, appreciation, and no crappy attitudes.
2 We had a great stay-cation here a year ago, great food, room, and bed.  1. Last night we only got great food. The room was dusty, rusted fixtures, AC that couldn't keep up, and a bed constructed in hell. Stations wants to save $$, so they remove the box springs and place the mattress on a wooden slat. After tossing and turning in pain, we finally got up about 4am , packed up, and went home. 2. I asked several slot people where a certain penny 10 game poker progressive was located. (they are in every Station Casino)....none of the slot people had a clue where it was...Crappy training!!!...I found the slot myself. 3. Stations is doing the creep!!! Going into slot payoffs, such as the Game King 4 card keno slot and reducing the payouts significantly. The payouts for a 5 out of 6 nickel keno was anywhere from .55 cents to .70 cents. Casinos are getting so greedy, they don't even care if people notice or not....but we notice and will stop playing there.
2 I guess some people who review food places either have no taste buds or do not get out to often.  The Buffet is decent on a GOOD day.  It basically has the same bland tasting items everyday, in fact on the times when it is terrible I eat just a salad, I mean who goes to a buffet to eat a salad, someone where the food is no good.  (I only go because I get a 2 for 1 coupon and even at 2 people eating for about $5 each its iffy. (If you want a EXCELLENT buffet there is one about a mile away on the same Street Lamb and for the same price without the discount) The Grand Caf food is hit and miss also with its best day being eatable.  But what ever you do, DO NOT order the chicken fried steak it is UN-eatable.  The gravy and breading great the meat inside made me spit it out, and I was thinking on finding some homeless guy on the way home but I did not want them to be sick or giving them something they could not eat.  The pizza place, decent, the "fast food" Mexican place "Viva Salsa" the combos are a good price, and you get a good amount of food for the price and the food tastes good.  So if you do not want to eat there they do have a Burger King and a Subway which would be a better bet.
1 Pros: Had lots of dining/food options.  Nice expansive self parking available. Friendly front desk and housekeeping Cons: Lobby/Casino extremely smokey.  I know gambling places will have smokers but it was like their air return didn't bring in fresh air at all.  My eyes burned just walking through casino to the elevators to our room, no exaggeration.  I had a headache and was nauseous both days of our stay from the extreme smoke exposure.  Business center printers didn't work and no help was available only a customer service number which was on another time zone and still closed at 9:30am. Ice was dirty with mold residue from inside the machine. Soda machine on our level was broken.  Far from the strip.  We only stayed here because all hotels were booked for a convention.  Do not recommend to anyone unless they are smokers and only there for gambling and cheap food options.
1 This review is only concerning Boulders Guadalajara Bar & Grill, now named "Cabo".  Because seemingly they did not have a separate Yelp page for it...  We went on a comp'd meal.  They proceeded to seat us towards the very back.  Part of our pary is elderly with walking restrictions so we asked to be seated closer to the front.  We were told that the server was full up front.     Apparently 3 tables is too much for a waiter to accommodate an elderly lady who has trouble walking?!  Our server who finally came was a tall, light haired mid 30's man and was very short tempered with us.  You can tell that these employees do not enjoy their employment at all one bit and they are not shy to show it either.  We asked if there was any carnitas and he did not seem to understand what it was.  We did not think this place was an authentic restaurant at all.  Which was why we asked.  It was another near argument with him just asking him that question.   The food came and it looked generic.   As if it was pulled from the buffet a few feet away and placed on a plate.  Bland poor food, nobody finished.    It made 3 of us sick about 2-4 hours later.  One of the sick ones was our 17 month old infant son, who was given some of the take home left overs to nibble.  I am writing this on the "can" at this hour 5:45am because of it.  Foul play?  Or bad hygienics or cooking practices on behalf of the staff there?  I don't want to ever know.  I JUST WISH I WASN'T SICK TO MY STOMACH WHILE MY BABY IS VOMITING and my sick wife is needing me to switch attending to our childs hiccups and vomiting all night.  I have an iron gut and haven't had food poisoning in over 6 years until yesterday.   DO NOT TAKE A RISK EATING AT GUADALAJARA BAR & GRILL/CABO AT BOULDER STATION CASINO.  I will be contacting the supervisor of food & drink later when I get better!
1 I just got home from staying at the this place, and after reviewing my hotel charges I notice a $435 charge! I was surprised to hear that housekeeping said I drew on the chair with ink. Which the chair was like that when I checked in. Not thinking much about it and I happened to have started my period and got a few stains on the sheets so I have to pay for those also! Okay next time I stay anywhere I'm having a before and after room inspection! oh they said I was also smoking in the room! Not to mention smelling pot wafting through the hallways! BEWARE OF THIS PLACE! They will try and charge you for stuff you didn't do!
4 I stayed her 1 night because my friends and I decided to leave a day an advance to Vegas and the hotel we were staying at was all booked. The location of this hotel is faraway from the strip; not to mention that when we went there was construction going on a few streets down from where the hotel was. The room was spacious and clean. The staff was great! I would recommend this to anyone who wants to go to a budget friendly place and doesn't mind driving a little more to get to the strip.
4 I love the suites... cheap and very nice.  Cafe breakfast ok... pancakes where amazing.  The buffett was delishhhh and cheap. The only issue 2 issues we had... pool is too small but we knew that when we booked. The other issue doors are thin..  we were talking before we started the music to hang out and we already had security in our room because of a noise complaint.  Security said they could hear us down the hallway.. I walked out after they left to double check and sure enough. .. u could hear us... Everything else is what you would expect at a casino.
