3 Close to home and 2 can dine for $20 bucks. Can't beat that. Good variety of food and great prices.
4 I have been to this Applebee's a couple of times. Service is great. They offer military discount and they have week day lunch specials. Love it :)
1 Their food is... "okay" We ordered and then literally 2 minutes later, we got the food. The food was dry and cold. I know it doesnt take 2 minutes to make 2 meals, so maybe this happens to be someone elses order that they forgot or something... who knows, but there was no way they cooked up our food in 2 minutes. I think applebees has become my last resort. we didnt even finish our food. it was gross.
4 Plain and simple, I love Applebee's. I've been to this one, many times, I just never got around to reviewing them. But overall, I love the place, I love the food, I love the service.   I learned, to get the best out of the restaurant, is to go during the down time. Mainly right after the lunch rush, and before the dinner rush. You get the best service during those time. Even though I do believe that they do give good service through their shift. I believe that your best choice, is going during down time. Since they seem less stressed and more relaxed, that you will see the energy, when they come up and serve you.   I love their Mudslide, its a drink that I'll always get. They do have a wide selection of food, but we just came in for dessert this time around. We had this dessert that had Oreo Cookie on it, and it was delicious. The soft chewy cookie on the bottom, topped off with two scoops of ice cream, decorated with whip cream, hot fudge and Oreo cookie crumbs. It was presented very well, and scarfed down very quickly.   Now, I recommend the dessert, and the mudslide. I for one love the food they have to offer, and I love the service. Just keep in mind, if you do go here, maybe try going during their down time, and I'm sure you'll see the difference. Even though you'll probably good service either way. You tend to get your food faster, their attention a more and you would really feel that energy.
5 Friendly staff & fresh food. Very busy on weekend nights, including Fridays. Eat here nearly every week. Chips & salsa are a great & cheap apitizer, plus there's an unlimited amount.
2 I like Applebee's food but the service at this location is really, really bad not once but twice.
2 I used to love going to AppleBees but the last 3 times it's been a bit disappointing. Food quality is not the same. The only thing that seams to stay consistent is my favorite triple chocolate meltdown.
1 Now I remember why we don't come here in the past couple years.. Ok come in , request table for 2.. 4 people that come in 10 minutes after us go right to a table, we ask why we weren't seated there since we request a table... She says because that's a large table.. Um ok so if there's only 2 of you then u get seated sometime after larger parties .. Get seated and no shit 14 minutes later we stop someone to maybe order.... Just crap service... Crap food.., will NOT be back
3 my wife and i have been to this place a few times and have not had a bad experience .service is good and they have military discount and thats what really will keep us going back!
2 Maybe I am too picky with my Fish & Chips.  These ones sucked too!  We keep getting gift cards for this places but I have not had a meal I was happy with here.  The water is good.
2 Not the greatest tonight the quality is just a bit off.
3 Food wasn't as good as other Applebee's I have been to but the servers were very helpful and nice! We went on a week night during lunch and it was pretty empty. I ordered the chicken penne and they usually serve alot but here it was about half the size. Not a bad Applebee's but not the greatest!
4 Valerie was an awesome server!!!!  My husband and I went for a date night...we got the 2 for $24... Mozzarella sticks, chicken finger platter and 9 oz sirloin...  The appetizer was yummy, my chicken fingers were so over cooked I could not eat them and my husbands 9 oz steak was half that (maybe).  However Valerie gave us a discount for the bad chicken fingers...even offered a replacement and she was so friendly throughout our dinner.  I ordered a vodka and RedBull which wasn't mixed very well and my husband had a long island which he "didn't like" (no further input). We ended up just getting a Pepsi.  Overall the experience was great even if the food sucked.
3 I recently went to this restaurant to celebrate my coworkers birthday. I have never had any problems with Applebee's; however, this particular time, I ordered the shrimp and spinach salad and found some type of plastic in my salad. Both the manager and waitress apologized for the incident and were very quick to fix the problem. I was offered a new salad (which I took to go because my coworkers had finished their meal already) and when the food was brought out to me, the manager came back again to apologize. My meal was also free. I gave them a 3 because of how both the manager and waitress quickly fixed the problem. I don't think it was their fault but rather the fault of the cooks who were preparing the foods. My salad was also very good!
4 Never had a prob here at all. The food is good and the servers have always been friendly. Had the new shrimp combo platter. Very good.
3 I love Applebee's, but this location is getting older.  The restaurant isn't as clean as it used to be and the servers don't seem to care very much.
4 Food was really good, drinks were absolutely perfect.  Service was good.
2 I was feeling great before I went to Applebee's. Later that night in my hotel, I was up all night in the bathroom.  It makes me feel nauseous just thinking about food at Applebee's now. I hope it was just a fluke and my appetite returns. The staff was friendly and professional.  The food did taste good. I think it was a giant portobello mushroom with spinach.  I guess I will never know.
1 The menu items and food were decent and VERY affordable. This location at lunch time is run VERY POORLY. The waitress took forever to bring out our food and when she finally did bring us our lunch she brought my Mother and Sons items. My food was left back in the kitchen. Which I didn't receive until AFTER I saw her walking out of a little cubby on the side of the back area of the restaurant looking baffled like she realized she forgot something.  Once my food actually arrived guess what her response was  "Sorry we were waiting on the shrimp, and they are making us all do quizzes." Which really made me upset because I had heard two of the employees over by the bar discussing results. One of which happened to be the manager (a heavy set white male) I  believe his name was Jason could be wrong on that. I decided to walk over and give him a peace of my mind.  He was unapologetic and fake. Once he realized the issues at hand he came over and kneeled down and simply said "Well how is the food now that it is here?" honestly I have never in my life experienced a manager who was so unprofessional.  I am glad my meal was a little over $20 because that made it a STEAL. I typically tip 30% for good service this waitress got the standard 15% all because she wasn't genuine or able to realize you should NEVER tell customers excuses just Sorry. Only time I got a sorry was when I had lost my cool and she replied back with a "WELL SORRY"  Ugh Applebees on craig road probably doesn't care about their yelp rating but it makes me sad because the new honey crispers are delicious. They are the only reason I am happy to give 1 star.
1 Went here tonight let's just say the service was horrible when the server said we were putting miles on her feet to get us drinks and half our party got food and finished while the others waited and when the food did arrive it was wrong and my grandmother ordered a steak that was a Mistake dry and over cooked being in this industry I would not recommend this place to any one . This is for sure the worst service I've ever had :(
3 Food was good. My server Bambi was at best perfunctory.
2 Wife and I had dinner on 9/18/13. Usual service was good for the establishment. We tried the new additions to the menu. I had the Honey Pepper steak and the wife had the Honey Chicken Shrimp. The honey really overpowered the dish. The steak was cooked how I ordered. I tried the wife's shrimp and thought I was eating candy. This dish will never be ordered again. The onions and jalapeños were smothered in the honey syrup. It should have been fried and placed on the steak after it was cooked. That's how it looked on the menu. On a scale of 1-10 I rate this dinner a 2. This Applebee's is In my neighborhood and we will keep going but will not be trying any new dishes especially if honey is added.
1 We went to Applebee's for dinner. Placed our order. Had a nice time until the food arrived. The Manager helped our waitress deliver our food, he reached across the table past two glasses of lemonade and yes you guessed it both glasses were knocked over spilling all over my husband. No apology no nothing except of course the bill without even a dime taken off. We will never again enter this establishment and I suggest if you do bring a change of clothing.
3 What is there to say its Applebees. Food is generally reasonably priced but decent tasting at best. Its convenient for an easy bite. This location is clean and usually has pretty good service.
5 My family and I ate lunch here. My wife discovered there is a paper in her sandwich so we called a manager about it. The manager saw the paper (paper that used for separating the hams) and replaced her sandwich. Then surprisingly, he offered that everything is on the house.... we declined but he insisted so we decided to take care of the waitress... we are sure she was happy with the tip. Service and food are always Great here.
5 I consider this a really nice nice restaurant. The food awesome, and the prices are affordable. The servers are always polite, and if you have a problem with your food they with take care of it.  I come here with my family, and our favorite thing is the steak--so juicy and good we don't even use the A1 sauce provided. The atmosphere is awesome, definitely one of my favorite restaurants to came and eat at during and occasion, or just whenever I want to eat some great food. :)
4 I have been to this location 2 times now and both times the service as well as the food have been amazing. First time I came with some family from out of town. Total of 5 of us. I wish I remembered the waiters name because this guy was great. Soft spoken, Hispanic gentlemen. He remembered all of our drink orders (no 2 drinks were the same), and all of our food orders (all different orders with a few slight variations) without once writing it down or even repeating it out loud. The food and time it takes to get to the table is very quick. I did not however like how I offered a pasta dish and it seemed rather small. I left slightly hungry that day. Second time I ordered a steak and it was perfect. My girlfriend had gotten the Cowboy burger each time and loves it. She loves Red Robin and the burgers there, but said that the burger she gets here is way better.  Definitely will be coming here again. Just a short 10 minute drive from my house.
1 So they used to have strawberry lemonade on their menu. If you go here and order a strawberry lemonade or a quencher lemonade the only difference is one has some canned strawberries added and cost two dollars more without refills. Asked for the manager and he clearly admitted that the picture in the menu is very misleading. The menu shows what looks like a premium drink and what we got was from the fountain. Applebee's in general is declining in quality and atmosphere but this location has been particularly hit hard. Service is bad and waiters and waitresses are a mess. The food here tastes like they just pour salt on everything way too much. You shouldn't have to Yelp Applebee's but I found it very comical that the menu and what you actually get has such a discrepancy.
