5 I go to Dr. Reddy and he is very nice.
5 Dr. Reddy became my wife's primary care physician about 3 years ago.  I was impressed with his knowledge and compassion so I switched over to him also.  Over the past year both my wife and I both had new medical issues arise, and Dr. Reddy was quick to diagnose both of our conditions and refer us to the appropriate specialist.  I've referred several close friends to him over the years and everyone has been very pleased with him.  He really does care about his patients, and he takes the time to listen you and talk to you, not at you.  I can't say enough good things about Dr. Reddy.  If you're looking for an excellent doctor in Las Vegas that really cares about his patients, don't hesitate to go to him.  I'm not a personal friend of his, or someone in his office, trying to give him a good review to drum up business.  I felt compelled to right a review of my experience with him tonight after a friend of mine called to find out his name because he is looking a good family doctor for him and his wife.
5 Had to wait quite a bit, but Dr. Reddy was great. So far so good.  Dr Reddy made me feel comfortable and spent more than the normal time with me. He really listened to what I was telling him about my past history and explained his recommendations in an easy to understand manor. I left feeling very confident that Dr. Reddy is a great doctor.   I'm to return in two months, so I'll keep you posted.  Office staff also seemed nice.
1 The front desk person(philipino women) should be fired! I walked in today after being referred to this practice very highly by my Endocrinologist. I stood at the front desk while the front desk lady just looked at me. She finally asked me what I wanted. I was shocked by the way she even responded as it was not friendly. I was there because I moved from out of state and did not have a GP. I explained that I was referred to to the office and was looking for a new GP. She asked if if I was a patient and I said no. She quickly told me I could sit down and she would try to find some one that could speak to me. I walked right out. Im sure the doctor is great with the reviews but im sorry. Im not sitting in a packed office building for "someone" to talk to me when I can go online and find another practice. They are a dime a dozen in Henderson.
1 I had a 10am appointment and arrived at 9:45. Apparently according to this office, it takes 30 minutes to fill out the new patient information. So I sign in, wait 5 minutes and a Filipino woman with glasses at the front desk scolds me like a child because I didn't show up 30 minutes early.   I would've been fine with getting bumped because I didn't show up when they wanted me to, even though it's unreasonably early. I would've been fine with waiting, but I'm not fine with some front desk person speaking down to me. I'm a customer, plain and simple. You offer a service, and I'm coming to you and paying to receive that service. Doctors offices are no different. I handed back my paperwork and left. If the doctor isn't forward thinking enough to hire a competent front desk staff, then that gives reason to doubt competency with regards to anything, including medical advice.
