4 I like this Smith's!  I like the way it looks on the outside- colorful and inviting. I like the way it looks on the inside, like it's chock full of anything you could possibly want.  Which it is.  Well, it's chock full of what *I* want, at any rate.  This place makes me think that customer comfort is at the top of their priority list.  I'm not saying it's perfect, but I actually go out of my way to visit this store once in a while, purely because of the way it's designed and the products it carries.
5 i just moved here and there are plenty of grocery stores nearby....albertsons across the street, k mart and walmart down the street, but still i prefer smiths.  it reminds of pavilions back in the day. i used to live in california, but for some reason, all the smiths there closed in my area, and here its pretty popular.  economics at its best i guess...  anyways, they have cute lil starbucks with outdoor and indoor seating, they have a full bakery, salad bar, antipasto bar, soup station, coin star, bank, two red boxes and book section.  they bake fresh bread and you can even choose to slice it in the auto slicer.  Once the lady at the bakery gave my nephew sample of sugar cookies...so sweet (the lady i mean, and the cookie too).  the place is clean, like really clean and it reminds me of a cross between trader joes (or wild oats/henrys/whole foods) and albertsons. i cant realy say the place is cheaper...its cheaper with some foods, but others, its more expensive or just about the same.  it just depends, but i never feel like im spending way more than normal.
4 Got tired of Vons selection of produce and started coming to Smiths. The market in a whole has a much larger selection and a lot cheaper prices.
4 This is the best market in the area. They have the best prices and a fantastic bakery section with tiramisu, creme brulee, donuts, cakes and pies. It's rare to find a place that offers so many special services and also has bargains without an annual membership fee. Way to go Smith's!
3 I came in for fresh basil one time and they did not have any. I think that is weird for a large supermarket not to have fresh basil.   I do like that they have a section for natural and organic foods, as well as bulk dry goods.
4 I live next to a different Smith's so when I walked into this one and saw how neat and clean they keep it, I was jealous! Freshly baked bread, deli counter, friendly employees and even hot soup that you can eat in the store! Wish I lived closer to it :(
4 They won the 2012 gold award for groceries. I wonder why?  Kroger has been becoming very smart in competing with the larger grocery stores. I love how great the sales are here along with the Smith's rewards contributing to the fuel at Shell and Smith's locations.  Their only issue is having a few expired products on the shelf (be wary), their meat is not USDA Choice, and their produce is not that great in taste. I do enjoy the other retail goods and sales they have. Even their "Oops we over-baked' section that has about-to-expire baked goods are great if you need something to last a couple days before expiration.
3 I really love this Smith's. I like that they have people that stand near the check out lines and direct you where to go. They're friendly and not overbearing and, most of the time when I need to know where something is, the employees know what isle it's on. The only downside: the pharmacy. I'm surprised they have ANY business at all because, quite frankly, the pharmacist is a bitch. I just wanted to know where to swipe my member's card (because there were two machines next to each other) and she just stared at me like I was stupid. I'm not the only person that has a problem with her. I have no idea why she's still working there, with an attitude like that.
4 Shop here quite a bit, love the fresh produce selections,  Just want to compliment the fact the have cactus pears in which my mother in law loves to eat.  One of only a few stores in town that carry these.
4 I like this supermarket more than some of the ones that are closer to where I live.  Sometimes I'll stop in on the way home from Sam's Club.   I love the floral section when I first walk in.  It's so pretty to pass through.  I also like the Starbucks with the lovely little outdoor seating area.  The interior is very nice and clean and has a more "upscale" feel to it as far as supermarkets go.  It's too bad this place isn't closer.
4 I have been a loyal Kroger shopper for many years. I do like this particular location because it is very clean and the employees are very helpful. The produce employees never have a problem giving advice on the produce, which is sometimes very helpful. They do lose a star because they do not have a "public" bathroom, a customer has to walk through the back area and use the employee bathroom, which is usually about the equivalent of a gas station bathroom. They always have a lot of "Manager Special" items and sometimes you can get really cheap flowers that way, which I love. They also have a very nice bakery. AND I can use my rewards points for gas AND I can load coupons from my phone onto the rewards card, which is perfect since I can never remember to bring my coupons to the store.
1 Never go to this smiths during the late shift. I was shopping here from 10:30-11:30PM Friday. I had a cart FULL of groceries ($240 worth) and I was looking for someone to check me out. I asked the only lady at the front if she could help. "No, you have to do it on your own" was her answer before she turned and walked away. Apparently dusting is more important than helping customers! On top of this, 10 minutes later a different employee started checking people out! I was already a third of the way through my groceries and had bags on the floor full of my stuff, because it wouldn't all fit on the self check out counter. Which of course caused the thing to demand I put my items back in the bagging area every time I took them off to make more room (rendering the thing inoperable for at least 30-60 seconds). The most egregious part was that the lady who refused to help me was 35+ and the kid who started helping people looked 17. I guess wisdom doesn't always come with age. Some people get off work late and need to go grocery shopping then. It doesn't mean we deserve any less customer service.
4 i like their consistent in customer service, which is why i prefer Smith over any other local supermarket
4 way better than the one by my house. Seafood selection soooooo much better.
5 Very clean and organized Smiths so far. No complaints at all since they dont have crazy aisles and messy floors.   Staff is very helpful. I know it's their job to make sure that we get everything that we need as customers but these people go above and beyond.   Fast checkout. Awesome! I hate hate hate waiting in long ass lines so this is a big plus. It's so weird that it hasnt gotten busier since albertsons next door closed last month. Oh well, im just glad theres not too many people.   So far, i love it!
5 I come here for their Butter Croissant.  It's so yummy.  A dozen for $5.49.  You can't beat that.
3 I like the fact that Smith's has great looking  & fresh veggies. They carry organic which I like to buy @ times due to the better taste, esp. the grapes. They also have a fabulous  selection of meats & seafood compared to Walmart (where I do my grocery shopping). I like that this location is open 24hours & they have Redbox rentals, actually 2 Redbox's inside their store.  Their prices do run a little on the expensive side compares to other grocery stores but I will shop here every once in awhile when I want some of their produce, meats, something quick for dinner or a few items I may need. Smiths is great for these things! Now.......I must say I was a little disappointed in my visit tonight. I'm not a big fan of the self check outs. I actually can't stand them & will go through a cashiers lane but for some reason there were no other lanes open but the self check outs & only two. I always have a problem with them. As I was scanning my items the machine kept telling me they were sending over someone to assist me when I never requested it nor had an issue scanning the items. Then it kept telling me to put my groceries back on the table where the shopping bags were....well I was running out of room in my bags & room on the bag counter so I had to start putting my bags in my cart. Luckily the computer let me keep on working & ignore it. Odd thing is there wasn't even any Smith's employees around nearby or @ the front of the store to come & assist me if I did need help. While shopping I did see a few Smith's employees who actually either said hi to me and/or asked me how I was doing.  What I found a little disturbing & disgusting  is the over weight male employee outside the front entrance of the store smoking a stinky butt! As we all know smoking is bad for you, even more when your over weight but as an employee of the store he nor anyone else should be standing right out front where myself & others have to walk by him & smell it & be exposed to it. It doesn't make him & even more Smith's look good! Some people are allergic to cig smoke or just can't stand it. It's rude to be hanging out @ the front entrance enjoying your dirty habit & exposing others to it who want to enter or exit the store. I also was a little surprised to see him using the plant potters that were out front FOR SALE as an ashtray to put his cigarette out on. Really guy???? People don't want to buy a pot planter with dirty, stinky cigarettes ashes on! Also as I was returning my shopping cart back into the store I didn't see him head towards the bathroom to wash his hands either....Eweeeee
