5 Let me put this bar on the map!  I absolutely love the local bar scene and it doesnt get more local than this place.  Loose slots and hot bartenders.. This hidden jewel is a great time whatever the time may be.  The adjacent cafe serves food from 9A till 11P for those gamblers who like a little food with there winnings.
4 First visit today.  My husband had the burger and I had the grilled chicken philly cheese steak.  Both were yummy.  Waitress was very personable and the atmosphere was casual small-town.  We will be back!
5 As long as you are playing the bartender will take care of you and what ever you want its done. The best drinks in town.
5 Been coming here for years! I love the waitresses, they know my family and always take good care of us. Burgers are the best!
1 Im so Damn Mad right now I cant see straight I ordered lunch for my boss and I to be delivered and I got the fuckin short end of the stick! I had the BLT sandwich and it came with extra burnt bacon and rancid mayo. I called back and asked them to replace my meal with fresh Items the owner who happens to be the cook in her russian voice said no im not replacing anything...Really you dont know who you fucking. If you like eating here you wont for long. because im going to see to it that this place get every demerit thats coming to them.
5 By far the best wings in North Las Vegas! I order from here a few times a month. Their specials are incredible and delivery time is always 30 minutes or less!
4 Love this place. Every time we dine in the waitress is extremely nice and we never see the bottom of our drink glasses. Usually we order delivery and they will say about 45 minutes but it is always much quicker than that and always still nice and hot. I would say we live about 5 miles or so away. They are the only place I know of that you can have breakfast delivered any time of day. I have never been disappointed , although in reality toast isn't really meant to be delivered but that is probably the only thing that suffers during the trip so keep that in mind and don't let that ruin your meal. It isn't gross, just gets cold and looks sad.
