3 Opera House Casino and Saloon showed up on our GPS in a drive through Las Vegas as a restaurant called"Opera Café", so when we stopped at the empty parking lot in a run-down building standing all by itself on the bad side of Las Vegas Blvd., we weren't sure if we really wanted to go inside. But we went in anyway; it is a really old-looking building with the stuffy smell of smoke overpowering along with some old gambling machines. As you make your way to the right, you find the cafeteria-like dining area, with signs saying meals were $1.99 or something. We open the menu and indeed meals are that much, if you are a value member. We order some chicken fingers and something called an Obama burger, and they give us the $1.99 price for the fingers even though we aren't members. The elderly lady taking our order was very nice and the food was pretty good; not as scary as we thought from the outside.
3 Where to start ... This place kinda sucks!!!  Having said that .. I keep going back for the same reason.. Food is dirt cheap ( 8oz streak, potatoes,  veggie, and bread for only $4.99 and here is the kicker.. It's actually tasty. Everything is pretty much under 10 bucks.. Fish and chips 4.99 .. Wings and fries 3.99 for a small order... Philly cheesesteak 4.99. Again it's all greasy and super unhealthy. They also have pretty inexpensive beer.. They used to have miller high life bottles for 1 buck... I think thy recently went up to 2 dollars..   The bad things about this place.... It's in a seedy, smelly ghetto casino... We call it the silver nuggets dungeon , since they are sister casinos and they basically staff the opera house casino with employees they want to punish..... For a while customer service was horrible.. New waitress all the time, they were angry, upset, and clearly did not want to be at opera house taking orders from hungry customers.  A couple of times we had napkins, ranch or hot sauce pretty much thrown on the table... Some days you really are not welcome there!  The clientele is sometimes just as bad ... I think a lot of the people that come in are on drugs or drunk or both ... Several times they are flat out screaming at the cooks, the waitress , their dinning partners .. .. And even having conversations/ arguments with themselves ...  I've seen lots of people exposing themselves while sitting down or getting up.. To drunk to care or notice I guess..  So bottom line if your broke and want dinner and a show... This place might be the one for you!   Quick note.. There is always broken glass in the parking lot.... Be careful !
3 Not what I expected...  I agree that the food is cheap and good.   However I don't know what is going on here I am pretty darn sure that the person who takes you order is the server, cashier, and almost everything else. (except the chef) I feel bad because she has to do everything maybe they can't afford to hire one more person idk. The reason for me mentioning this is because the service can be a little slow thus creating conflict.  The food is good and cheap as I mentioned if you feel you have nothing better to do and are on a budget I would definitely come here.
1 Started the adventure around a year ago. Food and service so bad my husband complained and received a comp. We didn't want to go back there, so we redeemed it at their sister property, Silver Nugget . Tried again @ Opera House 2 wks ago, hubby was reeled in by 16oz t-bone for $5.99. Bad decision. Steak coated in pepper. Returned that and hard as nail potato. Results in another comp, $15 this time. Entire time , mgmt horrified their staff is that horrible. We take my father, probably for amusement value @ this point. Green beans are not seasoned, at all. We ask for them to be sent back, seasoned. Waitress brings back, in same bowl , with pepper liberally shaken on. I know this is a ghetto- fabulous casino, but pepper on everything ? We inform the manager, whom has  a pow wow w kitchen staff . They smugly  inform us we are no longer welcome. As if...I invite the manager to sample the green beans. She declines , stating she, the 90 lb skinny broad is not picky about her food. It's obvious the food that goes down her gullet passes stringent tests, unlike the employees she hires or the food they serve. Better off  as a snack bar.
