5 When we first started almost 4 years ago, I thought it would be a great way to keep the kids active and learn self defense.  It turns out much more than I expected, not only is their bodies strong but so is their mind!  They learned life skills like respect, loyalty, discipline, perseverance,  integrity to name a few. The kids have worked their way up in ranks and one made it to a state champion and is working extremely hard to make it to the worlds championships! Both kids are straight A  students and were not when they first started with Rico's.  What the kids have learned is to have goals in life and they must work for it (short or long term)! I am proud of who they are becoming and how they are dedicating themselves to a life of success! I would highly recommend Rico's Martial Arts to any parent!
1 My experience with Rico's Martial Arts Studio has led me to believe that Tae Kwan Do is Korean for  "Let's see how much money we can squeeze out of our members before they quit."   Their turnover rate is very high due to all of the hidden fees associated with attending class there. From mandatory uniform changes with outrageously priced clothing($50 for kids shorts), to overpriced mandatory equipment, to advancing students 1/2 belt at a time so you have to pay double for each rank increase, these guys know all the tricks.  I would only recommend this place if you are a recent lottery winner or if you don't mind feeling like you are getting robbed 3 times a week.  Aside from that, I found the program to be satisfactory.  .
5 After checking out other gyms throughout the valley, it was clear that Rico's Martial Arts was where we wanted to be! We chose Mr. Rico not only for the martial arts aspect for teaching self defense but the leadership program he offers. The lessons in life skills, are nothing but superior. Students are taught self defense, respect, self discipline and confidence. Mr. Rico is not only concerned about progress in his program, he takes high interest in his students education.  This was a very wise investment for us and we recommend it to everyone!! Stop by and watch one of the classes, you will not be disappointed !!
5 If your child is timid, lacks confidence, and you want them to be more disciplined, respectful, and active, RMA is definitely what your child needs.  They have the BEST instructors! My now 5 and 7 year old boys have been attending the classes for almost a year now  and WOW! What a huge improvement in all the areas mentioned above!!!! My boys love attending the classes and they are pumped about being in the leadership classes now!!! Thanks RMA!!!!  This has become part of our family and lifestyle now!!!
5 Our son was never interested in any sports.  When a friend invited him to an open house at Rico's he really enjoyed it.  For this summer we thought we would give him a few weeks to decide if it was for him.  On his first day of instruction it was clear it meant he fit in somewhere and was welcomed.  Now he's learning respect and honor and his behavior has really improved.  He is not only learning self defense but gaining the confidence that will keep him from being a target to be picked on.  He comes home from school every day with the focus to work on his studies so he can get to class at Rico's Martial Arts.  I could go on and on about the many things our family has gained in such a short time with Ricco's help, but what I love most is how all the instructors and even the parents of all the kids are so pleasant and really make your whole family feel like you are part of something great for all the kids.
1 Rico's Martial Arts is a total rip off. Mickey Rico will shake your hand while going straight for your wallet. They are constantly up selling everything there. Everthing you do there costs more and more money. The last straw for me was when they started giving half-belts. That way they can charge you twice as much, twice as often.  I don't know how they sleep at night. Mickey Rico would be better suited as a used car salesman.
5 What a difference this has made for my ADHD,very active son. It has given him focus,discipline,respect,confidence,motivation. He is in leadership program so he is there almost every weekday. Mrr. and Mrs. Rico's obviously are passionate about martial arts and kids!!! YES,it is pricey like all martial arts. BUT well worth having a son who is focused,disciplined,and respectful.
1 I just wanted to agree with the comment from Charles comment listed below on 10/17/12. The fees are ridiculous and forced on you as a parent, aside from uniform, testing and monthly fees. The mandatory seasonal uniforms, its ridiculous how although we buy their uniforms they are required to buy seasonal uniforms that they will never be able to use again unless its a Friday. Not only that Mr Rico puts the parents in awkward and compromising positions with our kids, by putting parents on the spot with the lame events he comes up with and asking the kids in front of of us to pay out whatever fee he is trying to collect. To say the least my daughter was very active and when Mr Rico failed to no longer acknowledge her as as student as there are others paying more fees, she started to fall behind and lose interest and at no point did Mr Rico reach out to see how we can get her back on pace. Not only did she not learn real techniques to help her, she was also forced to promote his business with no real reward for doing that besides some fake plastic coins, that you can exchange for trash. Until I canceled my contract Mr Rico then reached out and showed concern. Again, I refused to fall into the fee schedule he created all alone. He created a skip a belt rank if you pay like $400, and when Mr Rico decided to, he changed his mind and the parents were livid and complained and then all of a sudden the kids who really never deserved the rank advancement still got it, again the parents simply pay for belts the kids are not really learning anything. Sadly as a parent I was let down, with Mr Ricos inconsistencies. He preaches and plans and doesnt follow through unless the kids remind him to follow through. My daughter participated in several events and we had to arrange our schedules to make sure we never missed these events and sure enough they cancel plans on the same day without advance notice and the rest of us just have to adjust. They are inconsiderate of peoples times and schedules. Then classes start late because Mr Rico loves to hear himself talk. Oh and last but not least, parents be ready to be forced to earn your own belt, not only does your child need to know the form you will be forced to learn it also, you will be expected to know answers, and pretty much do Mr Ricos job for him. Oh and his coaches that cover for him, wow they are scattered and all over. So that makes no one feel better. This is my experience and I dont care how anyone else feels about him. I am a hard working mom, and I have taken the time to write this review as I feel someone might actually value it and not fall into this mess. Oh and Mr Rico does down talk other ATA's that charge less fees than he does. He is very vocal about it. Probably because again hes busy trying to charge parents for all the events he can invent.
