1 Horrible pharmacy drive-thru service and customer service. After waiting in the outside lane while 4 cars drove through the inside lane, I asked them if I should not use the outside lane any more, and I got attitude from   the pharmacist. Needless to say, won't be going back here any time soon.
2 When I first moved to Vegas this was the Walgreen's closest to me and they carried everything I wanted. The had the hair dye I use, the gum I chew, and all the magazines I love. Another fantastic find was a well stocked beverage isle complete with Jolt Cola. I got all my scripts filled here and most of my beauty products. Slowly but surely that has all changed. They nixed my hair dye, stopping stocking the jolt and all though I can't be one hundred percent sure I believe the pharmacy may have laced my medication with an antibiotic I'm allergic to. (By not cleaning the tray the medications are sorted and counted on.) Now they refuse to take my coupons and they even had trouble accepting a coupon they printed out at their own register.  I'm so tired of coming in here for a simple item and this place just not having it, or if they do have it it's blocked by stuff in the isles waiting to be stocked.  So many other places have the four dollar generics that no one should even bother with this place, it's really gone downhill.
1 Absolutely horrible customer service.   The cashier, looked absolutely disgusted doing her job. She moved so very slow that at first, I wondered if she might have a disability. However, when she finally spoke, you couldn't mistake the attitude and feelings towards either the customers, the job or both.   As for the facility, clean and organized. I came in for what I wanted to get and tried to walk out. However, that didn't really happen as the cashier seemed to want to make all the customers in line as miserable as she was.   Even though this facility is close to my family's house there in NLV, rest assured that I'll drive the extra miles to the next place, which happens to be one of their competitors.
1 Worst Walgreens ever. I was new to the area and passed by this place, I had to go to the bathroom  as well and figured I'd stop in here. I walked to the back and saw that the door could only be opened by an employee because there was pass code door lock. Went to the cashier, asked if I could use the bathroom.. She looked hesitant and was silent for a long period of time before I said, "I'm planning on buying stuff". She still seemed dumbfounded and couldn't give me an answer, the pharmacist who was going on break, overheard our conversation and opened the bathroom for me. Well the bathroom was disgusting and reeked of pot, I thought I was in a Cheech and Chong movie.. I wanted to die!  Not only was the smell of weed overpowering and disgusting, but I think me using a porta potty would have bad better accommodations. I'm surprised I made it out alive.. Gagging and everything. I bought my crap and booked it out of there.. Horrible location.. I'm surprised my car didn't get stolen either. But really..? For the bathroom to smell of pot and it's locked with a pass code that only employees know? What's that say about your employees? They have to light one up to get through their horrible work day at walgreens?  You sure are hiring some winners.. Ugh.. Never going there again..
4 I only visited the pharmacy for an emergency prescription for a pet tonight but they were quick and friendly!
1 This is for the Clinic part of this store. Due to my husbands insurance we had to get a wellness check up for his work.  We made our appts online, states what company he works for & the form we need to bring with us to complete it by the deadline.  I go to my prescheduled appt on my designated Chemo day (only day off). Pharmacist calls me in to say they don't have ANY testing packets for my husbands employer. WHAT?!  He suggested I drive to the ghetto walgreens to complete my appt.  I made the appt, don't you think you should have the req. items at the location the appt was made for? He told me to drop by, no need to make another appt to finish my wellness test. I drop by the day after Turkey Day... OMG! The Clinic called in sick! So, I went  the 30th, line way too long, would be late for work. I walked in on Monday, tried to check in via their computer...kicked my info three times. Finally after waiting over an hour for clinic to return from their lunch break. She helps me with check in, have to wait another 20 mins for special machine to warm up...then Walgreens system says I'm not on my husbands insurance..funny been on it for YEARS. Over Two hours it was completed AFTER the deadline, four attempts and the pharmacy employees couldn't care less about what was happening. I don't use them for my pharmacy... I wouldn't suggest anyone use them. This store needs some serious training in dealing with patients reg or not!
