5 I just got home from Salon Salon and I'm really happy with the way it turned out!  Page took care of my cut and color, it was my 1st time getting my hair professionally colored, she did several different shades and it came out better then I expected.  Also better then expected was the price:)  I think I have finally found the salon I have been looking for, YAY!
5 This is a family-run joint, and it shows -- they're friendly, down-to-earth, they charge reasonable prices for their services, and they make actual connections with their clients. Just go in for an appointment and you'll discover there are families around here that have had 2-3 generations of their members getting their hair done regularly at Salon Salon (or at least by its owners) over several years. At the recommendation of my sister, who'd been going there for a while before I finally went and checked it out, I've made appointments specifically with Raena (one of the owner's grown daughters) a few times now, and I've stopped going anywhere else. She's awesome and really knows her sh!t. I'm sort of hair-retarded and like to maintain a practically no-maintenance cut that allows me to go 5-6 months in between appointments. She goes with my flow while also telling me like it is and making suggestions that work and make sense for my specific hair type and what I want to get out of a haircut. Love, love, love.
5 I have had my hair done here by both Michelle and Paige and they both do a fantastic job with both cut and color!  My boyfriend comes in to have his hair done by Frankie - and he's always happy with her work as well.  I think everyone there is great!  Reasonable prices, excellent skills, knowledgeable and friendly people.  This last time I went in for a bit of a risky color change - and Paige's advice and mad creative skills made it look awesome!  This is my salon for life.  :)
5 Finding a family run business these days is akin to finding a Tyrannosaurus Rex roaming the Las Vegas Strip.  Alas, I have found 2 in this city of big box, heartless businesses !! Salon, Salon will forevermore be home for my monthly grooming (or at least until nature finishes what she has started on my poor, nearly barren scalp).  Paige gave me the perfect haircut and whisker trim and Kelly is at work on my already beautiful wife (and WOW, looking Goooooooood !!!!) Gotta say, laying the $ down for good friendly, family people, just like you and I, instead of a big company who can't remember your name before the door slams shut behind you, is a nice feeling :-).......
5 Great place. Very friendly and prices are reasonable, not over priced at all. I came in with horrible hair that needed some TLC. Kelly took great care of me, telling me the style I wanted wouldn't work for my hair and why and what she could do to get close to it. Also the dye and highlights would work due to the red still in my hair. She talked with me though the whole time and listened and asked questions. She made time fly and before I new it I had my gorgeous hair, that I am in love with. Ask for Kelly she is awesome!!
5 Salon Salon is wonderful!  In the 10 years since moving to Vegas, I've been all over this town looking for a good hairstylist, and found a bunch of crappy overpriced ones.  Some color jobs I have gotten were unbelievably awful.  I was beginning to loose hope!  Then I happened to try Salon Salon - it is reasonably priced, AND the best.  I walk in with a scraggly overgrown mop - and Paige fixes me up like a movie star every. time.  Thank Goodness for this place!  I'll never go anywhere else.
5 Where to start? I found this place as I was just randomly clicking on salons with 5 stars. Lucky for me! I would give it 6 . I called and a very friendly voice made my appointment for the next day, a Saturday to boot. As fate would have it I was booked with Paige. I needed a color and a cut. I haven't cut my hair for over 20+ years. So I was pretty nervous. I took a pic for an idea and Paige took it from there. She was so fun, and made me feel comfortable. I trusted her right off. She picked out a beautiful color, and my new short cut is amazing! Everyone I've seen since can't say enough about how much they love it. Everyone was friendly and The Matriarch/Owner who is very hands on ,even put her touch on it. I felt very special here, and believe I have found my hair home. I promise you will not be disappointed in Salon Salon.
5 I came across this salon a couple years ago and Darcie is amazing !! She is so good at color and giving you recommendations on new styles and coloring. My husband and two sons love going to her for men's haircuts.
