4 Dr. Lewis is a awesome OB/GYN. A friend of mine actually referred me to her. She helped my friend deliver both her son and daughter. I was a little hesitant because of all the reviews I read online. Her staff is not as bad as what people say. They are all nice and every now and then they may look like they are mad or moody, but they are not. I always talk to them and try to crack a smile and it always works! I guess it all depends on your personality.  OK enough of her staff, they are excellent =) Dr. Lewis is very nice and she makes you feel at ease. She doesn't pressure you to do anything like get induced when you have two weeks until due date. Why would you want to do that anyways? She did aggravate my cervix to get things moving down there so that I can have the baby on my due date which is on 01/30.  This doesn't always work. Only works if the baby is ready. My friend had the same procedure done and her son came into this world a day after. Sorry that was TMI, but I thought I share. To sum it all up, she is a very nice doctor and would recommend her to anyone who is looking for a OB/GYN.  While you are waiting you can watch a movie. The office is nice and clean so no worries about creepy crawlies and cockroaches walking past you =)  Also she is the only doctor their and sometimes she may have to leave the office to deliver a baby. The most you have to wait is about an hour, so make sure you call before you go to the office if you don't want to wait that long.
5 I've been seeing Dr. Lewis for 10 years now. I don't have any children, so I only see her for Gyn stuff. She is very personable and lets you talk and genuinely wants to hear how you're doing. She has performed minor biopsies and explains step by step what is happening. I love when Doctors TALK to you.  As far as office visits go, make sure you get an early appointment because her wait time can be up to two hours in the afternoon! Sometimes the office staff is abrupt and not super friendly but they are a busy office and it's more important to me to have a good Doctor.
5 In my opinion, Dr. Michelle Lewis is the best OBGYN in the valley. I have been going to her for 16 years and have always received top-notch customer service, not only from her but from the staff as well.   She delivered my daughter seven years ago via C-section. My little one was 10 pounds at birth and I was a high risk pregnancy. She answered all of my questions along the way, made me feel comfortable and was always there for me. I was so stressed when I found out that I had to have an emergency C-section that she brought a boom box into the operating room and we were singing along to Journey as she worked her magic. That memory still makes me giggle.   I have had other complications in the 16 years I have been going to her and she has always guided me in the right direction. From pre-cancerous cells, to a miscarriage,  I feel comfortable with Dr. Lewis and honestly trust my life with her. She genuinely cares about what I have to say and takes the time to listen to my concerns.   5 stars for this doc!!
5 I have been seeing Dr. Lewis for the last 10 years. A family member is a former labor and delivery nurse who had worked with OB/GYNS all over Las Vegas - she goes to Dr. Lewis, so I do too. Dr. Lewis makes me feel completely comfortable with everything she's doing, chats with me like I'm a friend more than a patient, and always seems happy to see me - she is never too tired or too busy to listen to me, answer my questions, and make sure that I am "just perfect".  Sometimes the wait is crazy, but I've never heard of an OB/GYN whose office is not - babies come at all hours of the day. The staff is really great about letting me know, though, so I can reschedule, run errands for a little while, or sit down to watch The Blindside (or whatever chick flick is featuring).
5 LOVE LOVE LOVE DR. LEWIS! I've been seeing her for about 8 years now and she has delivered 2 of my babies. She definitely does make things comfortable, on the GYN side of things...and as for the OB...she is a miracle worker. She does not pressure you to do things you don't want to, and always listens to what YOU want to do and not what is convenient for her. I had to do C sections for both deliveries, and throughout the entire process she kept the O.R. so relaxed and always asked how I was doing. There is no way I am ever switching OB's! She is definitely the best in town (even if I don't having anything to compare her to). She definitely cares and means it! The wait can be long, but understand that GREAT OB's are difficult to find and more difficult to get to because they are in high demand! You'll love her!
5 I have been to Dr. Lewis for a couple of years now. I cannot say enough about her and her staff. The bedside manners are just amazing. So understanding, just amazing.   They see so many patients and still have a smile on their faces every time! I have had a couple of emergencies that they have understood how important it was to see Dr. Lewis on such a short notice and I was not only able to see her but they took my concern seriously.    I love how understanding she and her staff is.   Please do yourself a favor and see her if you are looking for a great OBGYN.
1 First off let me start by saying I'm not a very difficult person to please. I'm a very "go with the flow" kind of Girl but my experience with this doctor has forced me to come on here and make a complaint. I Went to dr Lewis for the first trimester of my pregnancy.  After a few visits I had a feeling I wasn't getting proper prenatal care because I NEVER ONCE had to leave blood or urine samples!!! This being my 2nd pregnancy I thought something was fishy.  She also never had any intention of sending me to a professional imaging center to get an anatomy scan until I called the office several times to get a referral.  After getting the referral I realized it was even a perinatal office!!! It was just a basic imaging center when the techs by no means specialize in checking the anatomy of your baby!!!! After transferring care and getting a urine and blood test, I was notified immediately I had a uti!!!  Also, everytime I went in for a morning appointment I was told "dr lewis is running late, I left her a message to see when she was going to be in" very frustrating. Definitely don't recommend her to ANYONE
1 horrible service! was hung up on after the woman on the phone told me she would just cancel my appointment just because I called to see if they had openings earlier since I've had this appointment for 2 months! one star because I can't leave 0
5 I have been seeing Dr. Lewis for over 10 years. She was recommended to me by my boss who was a OB Nurse. I never felt so comfortable before in my life. She was so thorough and spent time with me. She does not have partners or PA's so you will always see her and never be pawned off. I even sent my pregnant daughter to her. My daughter was high risk and high stress, Dr. Lewis took charge with professional care and so much compassion that my daughters experience was beautiful and perfect.i can't say enough about her. Yes she is busy but that's because she does it all. She is also such a great person. I know she used to run marathons and each year she would take her office staff on all expenses paid  vacations and treat them to all the pampering while she participated in the marathons. She is an amazing MD and person. I could go on all day telling everyone  how great she is. I have worked with every OBGYN  and Perinate in LV and no one comes close to her.
