3 If you need something other than a taco or hamburger for a quick meal, try Panda for sure....  1.  Chinese Food - Okay, it ain't really authentic, but close.  Too much generic vegetables like carrot and celery to fill up the dishes.  However, the food is not terrible at all.  Just kind of slopped together and kinda like putting ketchup on your scrambled egg or getting those fried chicken  meals from Albertsons or Smiths.   2. Parties, Guests, Office - If you have a staff of people, you can order party trays and this is a great deal. Somehow, even though the food is decent at best, somehow when you put them in aluminum trays and big servings, it tastes better..... People that are not native to the food will find it quite edible.  3.  Authenticity - I rarely see any Chinese people ordering from here. It is like going to Del Taco expecting real authentic Mexican food. You are getting the hybrid here.  You can order a side of Chow Mein and Side of Fried Rice in a party tray and it is like only 11.00 each. Now that is a great deal,   Try it...you won't mind.
4 Picked some up last night. The customer service was amazing. If I was hiring a customer service rep I would hire Tanise. She tried to offer me everything I sure they were promoting without being annoying. The food was yummy as always. This is my go to food when I really don't feel like cooking. Thanks Tanise. Panda, you should promote her!
3 I have to give it an extra star for not being McDonalds... Panda is average at best. I love their orange chicken, but sometimes it can sit there too long and it becomes in edible. Service at this location is hit or miss and usually the early afternoon is the best time to go... Sucks if you really felt like going for dinner.
4 Whenever I don't want to cook and Boyfriend doesn't want a burger or Mexican food, we end up at Panda. Not my favorite thing in the world, but it's a break from cooking!  The store is very clean and the staff is very friendly.   But the real reason this location gets 4 stars is because they're one of the very few locations that still makes my favorite: Eggplant Tofu. While they don't always have it cooked and ready to go, they make it for me when I ask and I love them for it!  So, if you're an eggplant tofu lover and are watching it disappear from Pandas with dismay, head over to this location and ask for it!
5 Ok let me qualify the high star rating. Is this the finest Chinese food ever created? No. But there are times when fast food is the order of the day and you want a change from the burger, fried chicken or taco option. That is were Panda Express comes in the food is fresh and if you order carefully (I don't), you can be relatively healthy. I should also mention the staff at this particular P.E. are quite nice and helpful. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4 service and food at this location always good. I'm here at least once a week.
4 3.5 stars  It's fast asian food so what can I really say that you don't already know?  Their new dining room is very nice, comfortable, and clean.  They have outdoor patio seating, which is cool.  Decent options as far as entrees go and I've never had any surprises in my chicken lol.  I think it can be a little expensive for what it is and the fried rice is a bit bland.  But when I'm looking for something quick but different than the typical burger, this place is a strong option.
1 I'd hate to break the chain of good reviews but I just feel like ranting a bit about my experience. Food is always good at Panda Express but at this location, customer service sucked. So slow and they seemed to be dreading their job. We walked in and they exchanged looks. They kind of acknowledged our presence but it took them a while to come towards us to place our order. Didn't even get a greeting. The lady at the cashier was rude and turned out to be the "manager for now". We asked for her for a plate and she said "ask him." (Other slow server) When we got the plate, it had a hard-to-miss green piece of food all up on it's dirty looking self. We were going to eat there but at that point we were so upset that we took our food home.
