1 The apartments are very nice but the management rips you off!! It's not worth the money to be there.
5 Chateau Calais couldn't have a better location in the Las Vegas Valley;  nestled at the base of the Seven Hills Drive. The apartment homes have direct access 1 and 2 car garages, private floor plans and some with great views.  Like any apartment community there are pros and cons but overall quality of life, management and maintenance are the best you could hope for in an apartment community setting.  If you are on a budget or barely making ends meet Chateau Calais will not be the place for you. The Seven Hills address and generous square footage's offered tend to make their price tags higher than the average surrounding "competitor".  Looking for great schools for your children, coming from a home and need that extra garage space, or just wanting a quiet community? Chateau Calais is the place to call home.
5 This property is very nice I fell in love with the 2 and 3 bedrooms they use to be condos so they have tons of room for you to relax in. The over all property is clean and very quiet. I really like the direct access one and two car garages. They have more than enough staff on hand to fix things should they break . Over all I think its a tid bit over priced.
2 Pros: The apartments are absolutely beautiful and well worth the money.  The staff is very dedicated to taking care of the residents, especially Keva-the property manager.  Everything that I have needed fixed since I moved in 4 months ago (and there have been many) has been resolved within one or two days. The pool is beautiful, but is typically too cold to use...even when its hot outside.  Cons:  If you work from home you may want to consider not living here or buying tree stumps for ear plugs because the friggin leaf blower guy is staffed here FULL TIME and spends what appears to be 90 percent of his day circling the immediate area I live in and the noise is relentless!!! He starts at 7:30 a.m. and is here through the afternoon, five days a week. I can't focus on my work or talk on the phone on my balcony because it is so loud and ANNOYING!!!!!!!!!  This may seem like a minor issue and something to even be grateful for that the leaves are cleaned daily...but, it is such a nuisance that I actually am taking time to write about it to warn those who are home in the mornings and day time.  Also, he blows the debris into the garages and doorways of the apartments which creates a filthy, dusty garage floor that brings dirt into your home. Also, the flooring in these apartments is very thin and vibrate with normal foot steps and routine activities, which leads to angry downstairs neighbors that are also sound sensitive.   This is an excellent place to live if your not home a lot.  Butttt, if you're looking for a relatively relaxing and peaceful place I would NOT recommend it, especially if you work from home.    They accept rent payments with a credit card but there is a 6% added fee
5 This complex is amazing! The staff is professional, friendly, and always there when you have a question or concern!  Thanks to all  the staff at Chateau Calais! Desiree (Manager), Karin (Asst. Manager), Shelly and Stephanie (sales staff) are fabulous!  Maintenance staff is great! So efficient and friendly! Work hard and do their job well!   This is a very safe an quite complex! Even family friendly! Stop looking! That's what we did! We knew in our hearts, that Chateau Calais was home!!!!!
5 I've been living at Chateau Calais for ten months and I've been very happy with the complex.  The ladies in the office are very friendly and helpful.  Any maintenance requests I've submitted since being here have been taken care of quickly, usually within a couple of hours of me submitting them.  The grounds are always well kept and the neighborhood is quiet and safe for the most part.  I would recommend this place to others.    The only reason I am moving out is because the rent they want me to pay to renew my lease is higher than I am willing to go, but that's Seven Hills for you.
1 Moved in the first of the year and thought we found the perfect place to start our new life in the Las Vegas area while we looked for a home to purchase.  Nice complex, nice units, a little on the pricey side but we felt like it was a good safe start until we got familiar with Nevada.  It wasn't long before we realized that many of the tenants in the complex with pets do not clean up their animal's waste even though the complex provides stations with bags.  We brought this to management's attention in January and again in February.  After complaining yet again in March we have been told by management that this is common among complexes that allow pets and it is impossible to enforce the complex rules regarding this matter.  We knew moving from a home of 20 years to an apartment there would be some adjustments and differences to get used to, but we never imagined animal waste would be one of them.  We thought it was nice that apartments allowed pets, they didn't back in our day when we were renters, and had no idea such problems existed.   Not sure which is more frustrating  management that admits it can't enforce its own rules or people with such lack of consideration for their neighbors.   If you don't mind neighbors who leave animal waste, the flies and other problems it creates, then this place is perfect.  Being new to the state our experience here has not left a very good first impression of the area or its residents.  Needless to say we will not renew our lease and cannot wait to get out of this complex.
