3 Unless you have an appointment, expect to wait between 30 minutes to 2 hours (depending on business levels). Make sure you have all the necessary documents and ID or else you will be turned away or end up waiting longer. For the most part the people that work here are pretty nice and cordial. Sometimes, they can be rude and condescending. I understand their frustration when dealing with irate, obnoxious and moody patients that always think they should be first in line. Getting your blood taken is never fun, make sure you bring a book or something to keep you occupied while you wait. Always be prepared for an unpleasant experience.
1 If I could give this place no stars, I would.  My co-worker and I were required to go here for a random employment drug test. The place was disgustingly dirty. There were used biohazard items all over the place. The folks that work there don't seem to care if they don't quite get things in the trash or biohazard bin. They also seem to be confused as to what biohazard means. I've posted a few pics so you can see for yourself.  One more thing, they actually forgot about my co-worker in one of the back waiting/blood drawing rooms for about a half hour.  Unless you're confident that you're immune to everything, I would avoid this place at all costs. Who knows what you'll end up with if you do decide to go here.
2 Wait time was long, but not unexpected. A little less than an hour from start to finish. The phlebotomist was pleasant, but everyone else cranky and short. The bathroom was dingy, but everything else looked clean enough.
5 Could have been quicker, but people were relatable and had an wwesome sense of humor. Office was clean and clientele were sweet elderly ppl. Good environment
1 Sat here for 45 minutes only to be told it would be another 45 minutes just to check in! I got information to make an appointment afer some attitude and same back later with an appointment, only to find out they now want a physical insurance card. Please not this is not posted anywhere on any piece of paperwork or phone system or.on the website. She said I could pay cash though for $500 worth of tests. Nice lady. Went to Lab Corp with no appointment and was in and out in 15 minutes.
3 *** UNLESS YOU HAVE AN APPOINTMENT, SET ASIDE ~2 HOURS OF YOUR DAY ***  Or arrive at the ass-crack of dawn -- 6am.  I arrived as a walk-in a little after 9am and did not leave until 10:30am.  Blah.  Needs more chairs for as many people come in and out of there.  Staff was pleasant and once you get back there it's relatively quick and directions are very precise, so I give stars on that alone.  Other labs I've had to go to are very cold and give little to no human interaction.  At least there was "Please" and "Thank you" involved here.  I could also see how some of the staff could get frustrated when people are in the middle of helping one person and someone that just walked through the door goes and interrupts the person who has already waited.  Don't be rude, geez.
1 Signed in, waited for an hour and a half before they called me to the front desk to speak with someone, only to find out that they no longer accept my insurance. The wait could have been avoided if their sign-in process wasn't so screwed up and they weren't so understaffed. Customer service was generally slow, and somewhat rude. The wait times of other people ranged from 1-2.5 hours. I don't understand how they stay in business. Avoid if at all possible. If you must go, make sure you make an appointment and print out proof of the appointment.
4 This place opens up at 6am. We got here at 5:40am and there was already a line. Once we got in we had to all sign in and then wait to be called to the window to check us in and then wait. I do have to say the ones at the window have different attitudes. I thought the girl was very short with people but, she is the one who drew my blood and was very nice and talkative with me. S you can't judge a person by the cover. it is very clean inside!! Once checked in it took about 1hr and 10min to be called to the back for my routine blood draw. I asked the girl doing my draw if this is normal and she said they are crazy busy from the time they open to the time they close.  I would recommend to make an appointment so you don't waste your day waiting.
3 I was given an appointment for 1130 when I showed up at 1130 they told me I didn't make an appointment. I told her that I did and I didn't dream it, yes she kept insisting that I never made an appointment which I don't quite understand. perhaps they should be trained basic common sense and customer relations.. aside from this unpleasantness the rest of the visit went well..they were pretty quick and seemed competent.
1 I fasted 15 hours then waited an hour (making that 16 hours without eating) to find out that they didn't take my insurance anymore. No where near friendly or with any customer service. Incredibly rude when dealing with patience. We tried to find many ways deal with my second insurance yet they didn't even try to accommodate us! I know many other businesses that would be more willing to help me. You can count you won't be seeing my face anywhere near that office ever again. All I'm saying is find a place with better reviews then this one if you have a choice.
