1 Got food poisoning from this particular Taco Bell.  : (  Will never eat Taco Bell again.  I don't care how late you're open OR how much I've had to drink...it's not worth it.   If you're looking for great Mexican food...go up the street to Fausto's or Roberto's.
5 Yeah, I got food poisoning from this Taco Bell once, too, but hey -- it wasn't that bad. I still freakin' LOVE Taco Bell and will go back countless more times (and I already have since then). They never seem daunted by my odd special requests, and let's face it: Even though I enjoy my fair share of fine dining & ultra-hip restaurants, there are just some times where all you really want is some take-home Taco Bell (yes, even sober).  ...(and, yes, I mainly gave it 5 stars to counteract the last reviewer's 1 star. It's freakin Taco Bell, man, not Mundo.)
4 I eat here embarassingly often. I'm talking 5-10x a year or more ! .. I'd like to say I'm drunk everytime I eat here, but like Veronica I eat here sober as well! I haven't gotten food poisoning from Taco Bell and they haven't screwed up my order very many times either. I always do the drive through, but so far so good ! The Beefy Cheesy Burrito for .99 with the rice and sour cream they are serving right now is my kryptonite. Damn you Taco Bell and your cheap crave-worthy eats.
5 food was great....as far as food poisoning...non existent....but bring it on....always love taco bell...even though i make the exact same thing at home...all the way down to meat texture...ill still go there when im not in the mood to duplicate the recipe...:)   still love the place though
4 Good taco bell, an I love my taco bell. I almost always have me a couple of chicken burritos. was clean and fast and food seemed fresh. Good amount of chicken in my burritos as apposed to some locations that fill with rice and add a little chicken.
1 Who the taco hell goes to this place. I would rather eat cardboard than this cheap crap. Does anyone over 30 eat at fast food restaurants?  Yuk disgusting and have fun cleaning your toilet after this meal.
5 Super friendly and fast. What else do we need to say? Head for this border, they'll take care of you!
