4 OK, for a chain store, what do you expect. However, for past 2 years now, they have had a consistent staff and very nice team servicing the clients. This is what makes the place so worth it to come to, seeing the nice team there treating you like family!  I say support this place as much as you can. I do!
1 My normal stylist was out for this week.  Wanted to get a haircut for dinner with the wife tonight.  Decided to try out this Fantastic Sam.  Oh sh*T, big big  big big mistake.  I got assigned a stylist named Autumn.  She was the size of a hippo.  Waltzed up the chair, ask me what I wanted to be done, but never truly listened.  She gave me a brainless stare.  Yes, you could see it go into one ear and out the other.   Moron!!  Several things that I hated and is a no no: 1.  While cutting your hair, she was slapping my head left and right.  I felt like a cube ball.  It wasn't like a soft nudge, but a harsh push. 2.  Using the comb, she slides it down your ear.  It felt like the comb was slicing between my head and ear lob.  It hurt!  Where did she get her training!!! 3.  As she was cutting my hair, she was coughing and sneezing.  Ever so often, she wiped her nose with her right arm.  My god, this is incredibly gross and unsanitary. 4.  Finally, she failed to properly cut my hair.  I asked her how long she has been cutting hair?? She stated to me that she has only been cutting for a year!!!!  Bingo.  At that moment, I ended the cut (should have ended earlier).  I requested a more seasoned barber to fix the work.   After this experience, I can only say STAY away from this barber shop.  It was definitely a NON-Fantastic experience.    So upset that I felt compelled to log an issue and provide feedback to their corporate office.
5 I have been going here a few times since I moved out here.  I like Jennifer.  She does an awesome job and is so sweet!! When Jen was not there , a Cass cut my hair who also was very nice but she moved back home and is not there anymore.  One time though, a Gina.... cut my 8 year old's hair... she is very nasty! I actually complained about her to the owner.  I recommend if you go there and you are a female that you avoid Gina as she only seems to flirt with the males and does not get a long well with a lot of females! when I walked out with my daughter, a customer that left at the same time said she had an issue with that same stylist a different time and would never go to her!  My daughter did not like her either.  I just take my kids to a kids place in town now.  Just easier and keeps them happy :)  Great store, clean, but if you go, ask for Jennifer! or anyone but Gina :)
1 This was my first and last time going to this place. I brought my daughter in for a haircut and usually people use scissors when they do it. Not this lady, she used clippers and had her stand while she shaved off her hair. She wanted it to be shoulder length and told her twice it was still too long. She left with one side noticeably longer than the other and not even anywhere. Why pay for a haircut if I have to go home and do it myself. Worst $10 haircut ever. I mean I can't expect the best from there but that was just ridiculous. I didn't get her name but I won't be back so it doesn't matter.
5 Very clean...... took my daughter here to get her hair  done .... staff was very kind.... Shelly was very kind of my daughter in which has made me come back get my own hair done today
