4 What can I say? It's the closest gas station to my house, hence I am a big fan. The only thing that sucks about this place is the access. You either have to take the back way in or enter off of St. Rose.   Personally, they have some of the nicest gas station staff I have ever encountered. (During the handful of times I had to go inside to buy something)
3 This station seemed to be very clean and well organized inside.  The employees seemed to work quickly and they were polite.  They did NOT allow me to fill my tank and buy snacks inside on the same purchase.  So that sucked but it was not unexpected.    If they had just let me fill my tank I would easily have given a 5 star; it was a nice place.  The prices were great,  I think this has more to do with the price of gas in Nevada rather than this particular place but it was still nice.
3 Friendly staff, all the junk food that I need is in stock, free air machine that uses tokens you just have to get it from the person at the counter, squeegees that actually wash the windows and they have actual soap mixed in with the water in the bucket, their carwash is tough free which I like so it won't scratch my 530i....all in all this place is ok.
4 Uhh..what can I say..its Chevron.  I've been going here for over 6years since its one of the closest Chevron's to my house.  Best thing about this Chevron is that they have touch less car wash. I wash my car at least once a week!
5 Clean, friendly staff, best gas station subs (10x better than subway) in town
4 Excellent micro brew selection. Large, well stocked location.  I am staying at the Spring Hills across the street and this place has practically everything you need.
5 Touchless car wash, great service. I usually get a pre-wash and get my car dried and they never disappoint!
4 The staff treats people like guests and not obstructions in the way of standing around.  Everybody there is courteous and ready to help, the store is stocked well and the cooler is at the right temp for all your drinking needs.  There's a pretty good cold cut sammich area inside and I have yet to be disappointed by it.  The car wash is pretty decent and there's even an employee at the end to dry off all the areas the blowers missed.  When ever I need a chaco taco or perhaps a cold beer this is my close shop to stop at.
5 Pretty good service.  Ok gas prices. The store is clean and well stocked.
1 The singularly worst designed gas station in the history of gas stations . Avoid at all costs. You've been warned. A complete traffic Jam for EVUH! Totally disorganized!
4 Very clean, well-lit store right next to the Veritas apartments.  I stopped by here after visiting a friend at said apartments, and had an overall pleasant experience.  The cashier didn't say much, nor may eye contact which I thought was weird, but it's a gas station at it was almost midnight on a Thursday.  Who knows.  Looks to have a wide selection of things here and, as many things in Vegas are, is open 24 hours.
