1 My 2005 Subaru WRX STI was accepted at Autobahn Excellence for work pertaining to performance updrade. Mr Trent Anderson accepted the vehicle as agreed in our discussions to piece together a engine. This service was to include the installation, fine tuning, and final acceptance of the overall turn key project. As part of the agreement, all parts must be new and under no coniditions was there to reused parts. These terms and conditions were accepted and Mr. Anderson agreed to take full responsibility. Mr. Anderson acknowledged that my vehicle only to find out additional time was needed. I later found out the my vehicle wasn not a priority and was constantly set back further. I had paid a total $9,450 to Autobahn Excellence. After 6 months, I started demanding the work to be completed and in several occasions he would mention to me that an additional 3 more weeks were needed for completion. I then learned on one of my trips to Vegas that another problem had surfaced, anapparent gas leak, engine check light, suspension coming undone, and also the enginewas knocking on warm up.   This time i waited a few more more days and finally picked up the car and drove it home. Again the car malfunction, after discussion with Mr. Anderson requested to bring the car again to his shop. The malfunction this time was the engine check light illuminated and the engine knocking was obviously heard. upon returning the car back to him, I asked him what is that noise is coming from the engine. My vehicle is still in his shop and he would not work on vehicle, futher more he is charging a storage fee and has threaten to place vehicle under auction if i didnt pay for his this fee, Receipts, call logs, pictures, correspondence available upon request.
5 A close friend at work recommended I take my car to Autobahn Excellence,  When I told her I saw a negative review on the internet, she informed me not to worry.  The apparently changed owners and locations.  I was told they opened at 8.  I arrived at 7:45am.  Avi greeted me as I walked in.  He was polite, professional, and seemed to care about my car as much as I do.  It wasn't a $1600 Catalytic Converter like the crooks at Sun Auto on West Tropicana said it was.  He cleaned a sensor and my car runs great!  I cannot and will not forget his honesty.  I will recommend to family and friends like it was recommended to me.  The man told me he has 35 years experience.  I believe it!  It is refreshing to be able to finally take my car to someone I can TRUST!  Tell him Chris at The M sent you!
5 Their NEW address is 163 N Gibson Rd, Suite 100.  See Avi.  He will take great care of you!
5 I once again returned to Avi and company at Autobahn Excellence.  Just like last time, he didn't let me down.  Quality work at a more than fair price.  Great work takes time.  I will be back for another tune up by the end of the year.  It's nice to go to one auto repair shop that can do everything...oil change, tune-up, smog, body damage...anything.  If you need anything for your car, do yourself a favor and see Avi FIRST!  Save yourself money, time, and heartache.  The place is spotless!  They are honest and CARE about their customers.  They will NOT rip you off like Sun Auto.  I am so happy a good friend recommended them to me!
