4 Oh, how I love my Fatburger!  The first time I had a Fatburger was at the Thunder Valley Casino near Sacramento.  The second time was at this location and it's always a late night snack after a night on the town.    I guess by late night, I am not really picky about my food but when it is good, I got to give extra shouts out.  So this is to you, MY FATBURGER.......
4 I'm supposed to be eating vegetarian (health, you know) but I decided to have a birthday fling and discovered a Fatburger at Green Valley Ranch resort near the casino. I had never tried a Fatburger before and I must say it was good. Better than McDonald's, and MUCH better than In n' Out Burger. Although they bring your order out to you and seem to take longer than necessary to do so, it is worth the wait. The meat on the hamburger tastes as if it's actually seasoned.  The wedge fries are delicious and don't taste fake.  I hate that I waited until the day before returning to vegetarianism to try Fatburgers, 'cause I'm already plotting my return trip!
4 The high star rating is mostly because this is one of the few places in the Green Valley Resort that's open after 11pm.  The chili cheese fries hit the spot- great crispy thin fries, gooey cheese, and meaty, but not too chunky chili.  The different burger size options is genius.  The middle option (large burge) is really big.  I can't imagine how someone could polish off an XXL burger.  Well, actually I'm sure that Adam from Man vs. Food could eat one no problem.
1 This place is very overrated. The hamburgers and sides are way overpriced. Sure,  the fried egg option is awesome but the burgers do not taste that great. I went to lunch here with a friend and between the two of us it was $28+ dollars. Way too much money for a fast food  hamburger stand. For that price, I could eat at Hubert Keller's Burger Bar. The service here sucks too, I was gambling around 4AM and went up to the counter. The guy cooking did not even acknowledge me.  So I just left. There are way better hamburger places than this dump!  Last great hamburger stand my A$$!!!!!!!!!!! --Very disappointed
5 This location is inside the Green Valley Ranch. In order for me to review a fast-food restaurant, either food or service must stand out in a HUGE way. This Fatburger location qualifies in the customer service department. Here's the story:   We arrived about 30 seconds after what appeared to be a college baseball team. Sure that we were in for a wait, but dying for burgers and shakes, we get in line.  About 90 seconds later, it's our turn to place our order.  Really.  90 SECONDS.   We sit at the counter to wait for our food and enjoy the chaos we were sure was about to ensue.   Surprise!  We were witness to the most amazingly cheerful team of employees, led by the extremely capable Jocelyn, crank out the 12-14 orders at warp-speed.  This endeavor was executed with such astounding precision that we sat there, mouths agape, in total disbelief.  Jocelyn called out each ballplayer's name with a friendly comment for each, and the total time elapsed from when we placed our order until she called for us, was no more than 5  MINUTES. Wait, Liz, you think, "impossible.  Fast food employees, generally speaking, can't or won't produce orders so quickly unless accuracy suffers".  WRONG.   Not one person returned to the counter for so much as a package of ketchup. "Well, Liz, be realistic.  We're talking about hungry young men here.  They don't care about accuracy, they just want to EAT."  Possible, I concede.  But our order was perfect.  And delicious.  And fat free.  Well, that's what I choose to believe, anyway.     Given the apathy that usually engulfs fast food employees resulting in sub-par service and/or product, this group deserves a shout-out for great service and can-do attitudes.     For burgers, fries and shakes, FAST, this places is as good as it gets.
5 The server was very friendly and patient... I took awhile trying to figure out what I wanted on my burger... and then just ordering pretty much everything. :)  You can watch them grill your patty if you want, giving them directions on how you want it cooked.  I just sat at a nearby slot machine and played for a few minutes before my burger was ready.  I love their burgers!  While it takes a few minutes to cook the burgers, they're still fast food.  And for fast food, their burgers are the best!  The fries are crispy great.  I've never tried their veggie or turkey burgers, but I'm thinking about it... maybe when I get tired of their beef burgers.... ha so probably never.
4 Alright I'm going to make a bold statement here - as far as just FOOD is concerned, Fatburger is superior to In n Out.The burgers are tasty and SO FRESH. They don't taste like fast food burgers at all. The fries are great, and OMG avoid the milkshakes - they are insanely delicious and addicting (a bad habit to start I tell you!).  However , these tasty made to order burgers come with quite a few pitfalls. This place take an insanely long time (think 10+ minutes for "fast food")! They do have an online ordering system but who the hell thinks to do that?   Additionally they are really pricey for what you get (over double the cost of In n out). Lastly, I hate the sizes of the burgers. In n Out serves the perfect burger size (at least for me!). At Fatburger I can either eat a tiny 2.5 oz burger or jump up to like 5.5 oz. Where's my reasonable 3-4.5 oz burger options people??! It's cool you offer many sizes, but not cool that none of them are a 'Normal' sized burger !   Overall if I was in GVR (which I am quite often), this is a great option. In general when I'm out and about I reach for In n Out as it's cheaper, faster, and the portion size is better.
5 Stopped here  for lunch with a friend on our way to the pool. They have the best little burgers & fries!! I say little cuz i get the small one..its just enough for this girl! The fries were really good and salted to perfection. I love me some Fatburger!!
4 Veg burgers in Vegas.  I was ecstatic!  Add on the skinny fries, and you have a great meal for about $8 and for Green Valley Ranch, that is a huge bargain.
2 Very lousy hamburgers and service was awful. I had heard this place was good for years but was disappointed. I had a movie ticket and they refused to give me my 10% discount. Employees speak little or no English and have poor customer service skills.
4 So there was booze involved, this was in Vegas after all. I have been to many fat burgers in my life but this was hands down the best.   Special ordered of course, just requesting to leave off the bun which kind of confused the cashier but the cooks were all over this request. Packed our two patties into a little fry container and then topped it with all of the traditional fat burger toppings.   Fantastic drunken nomz.
5 its adjacent to the mcdonalds....i kinda imagine the two establishment's employees having switchblade knife fights around sunrise when everybody on the strip is asleep.  i'm pretty sure they are hardcore, because the cashier was telling his life story [or hitting on?] to my girlfriend.  i won't minus any stars for that though.  cuz i know who she's leaving with.  mwuhahaha.  butchyeah.  that paragraph had nothing to do with why i'm giving this place 5 stars.  it's a delicious NON-OVERPRICED turkey burger + onion rings for ~ $7.  WILL I COME BACK?  HELL YES.
2 Just like the fatbuger on the strip, come late night (2am), it's filled with drunkies galore. I couldn't help but laugh when this group of British guys behind me in line gave the cashier their names of Batman and Robin with strait faces with their thick British accents for when their order was ready.    Thought I could out smart the man by picking up Fatburger instead of room service. Not really. A medium sized meal with fries and drink came out to $10 and it tasted like crap. The burger was dry and the fries insanely greasy and tasteless.   Should have done room service since the guys who work here are slow and it took about 35 minutes from when I first stood in line til I got my food.    Pretty crappy drunk food.  Now I see why people go gaga over In-n-Out.    .
5 This was my first time visiting a Fatburger (we do not have them in TX) and I must say I was very pleased with this place. The burgers were really good. I had the turkey burger on wheat and the burger held it's own. The onion rings here are the bomb digity. They were so flaky and damn near melted in my mouth. The guy at the register was very polite and helpful. There was also a young lady working there that helped us decide on what to order. The restroom was really clean and I would recommend this place to grab a quick bite, especially for the price.   FYI - They play great music, old school R&B.
5 LOVE IT and they make the burgers fresh... beef, turkey, veggie or even breaded chicken sandwiches.  Also, I was lucky enough to have the last week of their limited time Peanut Butter shakes made with Nutter Butters... LOVE IT.  It's called Fatburger, so don't complain they were greasy or whatever.  Enjoy it.
2 Seriously, with all of the amazing burger places in Vegas, why in the world would you go here?   I took my son the burger lover to this place and wow, was he disappointed. I thought he could eat anything. I guess I was wrong. That makes two of us that didn't like it here.  First, the wait is atrocious. They say the burgers take 6-8 minutes to make. Okay, why did I wait over 15 minutes for mine in a place with zero customers but me and my son? Oh, that's right, because charred-to-hell burgers take longer; gotta make sure they're dead. They definitely handed me a dead burger.  My son asked for everything on his burger but tomato and onions. They ignored us and went ahead and put them on anyway. Thanks, now we had the added pleasure of picking things off that we didn't order. I also ordered a Diet Coke which they promptly forgot about. How hard is it to get a lone customer's order right? Pretty hard, apparently.  The burgers were so burnt and so tasteless, if the grease hadn't been dripping off we would have though we were chewing on blackened wood. I'm sure there's a place for that somewhere in Vegas, I just wasn't looking for it.  When my son ate his french fries I asked him what he thought. Being the straightforward kid he is, he promptly said 'they taste like Burger King fries.' I'm not a fan of Burger King fries, but I wanted to be able to say I tasted them. That would be a stretch to say that. I didn't taste anything. These skinny fries have to be the worst in the world. I think I'd rather eat BK's. Ugh.  The service sucks, the food sucks, just stay away.
4 I love Fatburger and this location is one of the best in town. Yes, it is located in the Green Valley Ranch casino food court but it is open 24 hours. I'll grab a quick meal here before or after a movie or a late night snack after bowling.   The guys at this Fatburger know how to cook! I usually get an XXL (double cheeseburger) with grilled onions, pickles and all-beef chili. I'm a low carber so I'll get it served in a dish with no bun. I love the beef here and I love how it is cooked in all of its own delicious burger grease. Sit at the counter and talk to the cooks while they prepare your dinner, and order a soda that you can keep refilling yourself at the self-service soda bar (wish they would add Coke Zero since I'm not a Diet Coke fan).  I love Fatburger's handmade milkshakes too (and their skinny and fat fries) but I've had to give those up due to all the carbs. But if you can, try their skinny chili cheese fries, they are the best. They melt shredded cheddar on them which is the key to good cheese fries. There are also a long list of possible toppings you can get on your Fatburger from relish to fried eggs to bacon and grilled onions. They also make grilled chicken and veggie burgers too, and both are good. You can also get your burger on a whole wheat bun or wrapped in lettuce.  Everything is cooked to order here so once you order you are given a number. They'll deliver the food to your table. Plan on spending about $25 for 2 people; it's not exactly cheap but it's convenient and the food is always fresh, hot, and served with a smile. And if you are a gambler at Station Casinos, you can even redeem your comp dollars here and eat for free.
4 I'm not really a fan of fast food places but i must say i really like Fatburger..  I ordered the Turkey burger with everything but the pickles and skinny fries.. all for $11+ kinda pricey but it is worth it. They have many toppings for your burgers such as eggs and bacon.. i skipped on that part since im on a diet..   Overall, If i wasnt on a diet would love to try the real beef burgers instead of the turkey burger even thou the turkey burger was really good!  The location of this Fatburger was inside Green Valley Ranch Casino, kinda loud environment and i didnt like how the tables was next to a trash can and how they allowed smoking .. oh wells what do you expect your inside a casino  overall experience was great and rated it a 4 star..
4 I really like Fatburger for what it is and it's great to have one In the food court at GVR.  The burgers are consistently good and tasty and the shakes are great too.  Personally I like in n out better, but change is good every once in a while...not to mention egg, bacon and chili!
4 Pretty tasty stuff, especially their thick cut fries, yum!  Those are hard to find these days.  This location is in the food court at Green Valley Ranch, just go in the doors by the movie theater/arcade and take the escalator up.  It is a tad smoky for my taste, but it is to be expected since it is inside a casino.  I wish the food court wasn't open to the casino floor, but what can you do.  Weather permitting, I usually get my food to go and eat it outside at the district.  They are pretty pricey, and other several sizes of burgers depending on how hungry you are.
3 A bit on the expensive side, but they show love to a G. Lots of security guard type gentlemen working there.
4 I went to Fat Burger because I was craving something delicious... I ordered the medium burger, protein style or without bun. Unfortunately, I had to order it without cheese, but I added egg and I'm glad that I did. It was pretty tasty. I also ordered the fat fries (my favorite) Even without the bread it's a pretty filling meal.   I had originally ordered it to go, but by the time it was ready I decided to sit at the counter and eat it right then.   I'm glad that I did, this place is ran very well. Jovani (Spelling?) has worked at this location for as long as I can remember. He is excellent. Friendly, but professional. He helps to keep the other workers on track, but does his own job efficiently.  Priscilla was mostly working the cash register and taking orders. I also felt that she does a great job of multi-tasking. She's pleasant and quick. At one point the shake machine was giving another worker trouble and she was trying to help him with it. She explained to one of the customers that the shake machine was having trouble. I think it was too cold or something... I'm not sure, but the lady was so rude. She made some comment about how dumb do you have to be to make a shake. I thought Priscilla handled it very nicely.
3 I am not sure that this place can compete.  I am all about hamburgers, 20.00 hamburgers and 1.00 hamburgers.  I have had them all.  This place is home of the 6.00 hamburger and for 9.99 deal here is the deal:  a. Menu - So easy.  Pick from just the basic Fatburger from Small to XXL which has like 4 patties....  They also have chicken, turkey, veggie burgers, hot dogs, chicken strips and salad too.   I had a medium fat burger.  It was about 6.19 and by time I had the combo with drink and fries.   b.  The taste - Uneventful Very edible, just not a journey, not orgasmic and nothing special... It was just very edible.  This is my problem.  For this price, I would rather have an In and Out Burger. Way tastier, so juicy, and the fries are amazing.  Here at Fatburger, everything was just okay.  So, while it was pretty decent, here is  how I would rank things.  If you want an awesome adventure and wonderful burger, go to Bachi Burger or to Capital Grille.  For 20.00 you get the best and you know it by the taste and juicy mess factor.  If you want best value, go to In and Out.  If you are in the middle and want a generic experience, then there are plenty of places like Five guys, Fat Burger, Smash Burger and all the same.  GK says, not bad, but I won't be a regular customer.  PS - Service at this place is really great!
4 Love Fatburger and this particular location is great.  I happen to live within the district so it's really tempting not to eat here every day haha.  THAT BEING SAID.  For the better part of this year, the guy working the register during the graveyard shift needs to be let go.  Every single time I go past midnight, this short guy gives tons of attitude to my friends and me.  He seems irritated every time anyone comes to order.  Why is he still there?  Why is he being paid to essentially "man the post" .  Even though it says twenty four hours, it is ultimately up to him.  I have been there at 3:30am and he has taken our orders under duress. Another time went there at 2am and he REFUSED to make burgers altogether.  I inquired "I thought the sign says 24 hours" to which he replied "If the sign ain't lit, it don't mean shit".   I also want to mention, I am a good tipper and always make sure to make sure to take care of the crew, especially during late hours such as these.    Now I can completely understand business being slow and not wanting to fire up the grill or shake machine, but it was a SATURDAY NIGHT and to refute with such an attitude is truly appalling.  I will definitely be making a complaint about this man to corporate but until he's gone, be aware.  As long as this guy is running the burger stand, this Fatburger is NOT 24 hours.    Happy Eating!
5 First off coming from the midwest and born and raise in WI Dairy Cheese and Beer are king here. So I though for chain restaurant Culvers did a really good job an making a burger. That was until I had the BEST BURGER of my life. I was hungry i decided to get the the pound burger, I devour it. It was so good I order another one. I'm not sure if it was there seasoning or the fact I was in a casino and winning so everything taste better but It was so good I got a 1.5 lbs (hey when it's good, it's good). The staff was very friendly considering it was about 2am and i wasn't leaving till our ride was done gambling lol. Great Burger, Glad they will be in my new city of Phoenix, AZ. Cant wait to indulge in That Double Burger again.
3 * Go to IN & OUT BURGER *  Nothing said WOW to me. Tasty but the roll broke apart like cheap wonderbread and a little overpriced.   I won't be back, sorry Mr Fatburger
2 With a town that's full of gourmet or "upscale" burger joints, and tons upon tons of fast food places, one could easily forget about Fatburger. And if they did, I wouldn't blame them. So far, my experiences at this burger franchise could be summed up by the following word "Meh"  I've been to a Fatburger in Vegas, and in many other cities as well. Nothing that I have consumed at any location has warranted another visit. Like mentioned before, with a dearth of burger places here, as the saying goes.. Beggars can be extremely choosey. ;)  But when that green-eyed monster commonly known as Groupon reared its head towards me offering me 50% off on food at this location, I had to oblige.  So with 16 bucks worth of Groupon money, I had to find a way to get the most out of this single visit. And they had that option for me.  XXXL burger - a 1.5 pound burger of massive proportions. At 12$, I opted to add toppings rather than go with the combo, so I added bacon, guacamole, and a fried egg. Every time I have ordered a burger at Fatburger, one thing has always resonated with me, it is dry. They grill it to order from a raw patty, and it's dry, every single time. The guac was pretty tasteless as well. The egg is cooked hard, which is pointless because the only reason to put an egg on a burger is to see the runny yolk ooze onto the patty. The only thing I liked was the bacon.  With a price point similar to smashburger, I'd rather go to smash. But I would save some dolla's even further and stick to the in-n-out. The only good thing about this place is that it's open 24/7. But if all the other places are closed and you really needed a burger at that hour... I guess it would be alright (but only in those circumstances)
1 I'm a big fan of fatburger and have been to 3 locations in Vegas and Henderson. Today was our first time at Green Valley Ranch location thanks to Groupon. What a let down this place is! The meat was completely dry, although still slightly pink inside, and very bland. If you've been to Fatburger before you know how juicy there burgers are! Not here.... and just to top it off the soda machine only dispensed flat soda.... Don't bother coming here, even with a Groupon.
1 We purchased the $8 for $16 coupon & leaving the top half with code intact my wife cut off the very bottom thinking it unnecessary. Without any show concern they refused taking the voucher. The clerk asked manager & he confirmed this decision. The code would tell them everything needed knowing but even after ordering this technicality resulted in her denial & embarrassment. It's sometimes degrading enough using coupons without people using flimsy reasons for denial of their validity. Wouldn't Fatburger love seeing people walk away with nothing after investing this money in their product. I would never again patronize Fatburger at Green Valley Ranch. Reading other reviews I see many reviewers concur with my experience. There are much better hamburgers in the Las Vegas valley.
5 I haven't had a fatburger in ages so decided to order a freaking large fatburger with fat fries and a drink.  Omg them fries were awesome and the burger, Jesus Christ it was delicious, had a hard time devouring it all :D
