1 Raes food and service are awful. I have gone there since 1995 and it's gone downhill. The owner is a very mean and nasty old lady. Food quality and value are poor!!
3 You know, I'm surprised over these other reviews.  Sure the layout is bit awkward, the lighting is always a tad bad, and the negotiations needed to grab a table is a bit disappointing, but I do love me some Rae's.  First off, it's a Bar and Grill.  And it's always pretty empty when I'm there.  The owner/lady is always sitting in the same booth going over whatever owners/ladies do in a restaurant.  I don't know if it's unprofessional, but it is a little poor in taste seeing her on a phone with stacks of paperwork in front of her - and it's one of the first things I saw.  I've frequented this place dozens of times because the food, despite the fact that it's a Bar and Grill, is severely underrated.  I've had the chicken fingers, the taco salad, the tuna melt, the hamburger (with bleu cheese crumbles is the way to go), the fish and chips, and prime rib:  all are very good.  All are well flavored.  Put it this way: I've never had something here I didn't like a lot.  Speed of service isn't terrible, but it can work in your favor if you have nowhere to be.  A gripe here is the cups.  They are so small (12 ounces-ish) that I feel like I'm at the kid's table.  Wouldn't be a problem if A) I wasn't thirsty ever again or B) the waitress was more attentive.  All of this to say:  Is it my favorite place?  No.  Would I want to frequent it every day?  No.  But based on how close I do work to Rae's, it's not bad.  And I usually leave there (despite the atmosphere and mediocre service) pretty satisfied.  Try it out?  Could be good.
3 I am not sure why the reviews are terrible.  I don't think the restaurant is that bad.  I was actually sad to move from henderson to the southwest because there's only one Raes.  We went to the Sunday brunch when we could and I thought it was good.  The prime rid is awesome and the fish and chips were a hit.  The fish was tender and flaky and lightly fried not too doughy...anyway, I won't be hitting this spot as often as I would like but see for yourself.. The atmosphere is quite and and not too busy....I don't mind this place at all.
1 The prime rib was so small that is wasnt worthy of a sandwich slice let alone a main protein on the plate.  The rice had such hard pieces in it that I almost chipped a tooth.  Have been good customers for 3 years but we sadly will not be back again.....
3 I love this place I have been going forever to occasionally grab food but the lady sitting at the table eyeing you coming in is not so cool even though the food is great its the only place I constantly get chicken fingers with ranch and a side of the hot sauce even though I am an adult!!! But the comments about the owner seem accurate as well as the service so I must love the nostalgia it gives me but I still come to this places pence in awhile but for the same price there are definitely funner places with at least equal food and better service and no old lady eyeing you up and down when you walk in!!!
3 Too bad we don't live in Henderson anymore! Raes was our spot to drink reasonably priced good drinking wine and of course brunch! Their steak and eggs and corned beef hash are my fave. Decent prices and good food
3 Decent service, decent food.  Just the right amount of food.  Didn't care for the coleslaw though.  A little bland.
4 Loved this place. Filet and lobster special for $24.95. Perfectly cooked. Plus you get potato of your choice or rice pilaf, veggies and soup or salad. Their prime rib is also excellent. Friend had chicken piccata and bragged about. Happy hour prices for alcohol.
4 Awesome service, food and prices. Thoroughly enjoyed our most recent visit. Have been there before and will certainly return. From hostess to server to barkeep, kudos everyone.
