4 I shop RC Willey frequently and love to take advantage of the small give always, or like the back packs for kids to get ready for school for only five dollars. The back packs had paper, pencils, EC in them. I recently purchased a new mattress and box spring, after long debates and trying all the selections they had, I had decided on the best for me. Then I was persuaded to another brand by the salesman, I bought it, but with the understanding, if I didn't like it within 30 days I could replace it. It took only one week to decide I wanted the original mattress and foundation. I immediately called and they stated that I would have to wait the 30 days, because every time they made an exception, the customer always wanted their original purchase. That didn't happen this time and they gladly made the exchange. I will continue to shop RC Willey.
1 I have spent a lot of money at this place and will still do, but I do not enjoy the experience there.  1.  Selection - They do have a great selection of furniture, TV, carpet and electronics. Not so much on appliances.  2.  Sales/Service - The sales team are very aggressive and I have encountered some really goods ones and a lot of arrogant or pushy ones too. I just ignore the pushy ones and come back to buy from another later. Why come back, convenience and selection.  3.  Prices - Not bad, not great.   4.  Store - Very nice set up and lots of great stuff. I have bought my fair share of goods here from the "display", so they are quite effective for sure.  5.  Bad Experience - My personal experience at the store is hit or miss. more misses. I used to come here with my family to browse and see what was available on a Saturday. One Saturday, they were giving out balloons to all the kids. I asked for one for each of my three kids and basically waited 10 minutes and no one could help me, or told me we had to get it at the end of our visit and not the beginning. So, I tried it and after 45 minutes we left and asked for balloons and they said no. I asked why all the other kids had them when they ENTERED the store but we had to wait... No positive answer.  6.  Bad Experience - Went there with the family when they were giving out hot dogs and drinks as a way to drive traffic.  Nothing was available and I was a bit annoyed.  I should have known better.  7.  Bad Experience - I complained to the store in writing about my experiences. NO RESPONSES on two occasions. Just a complaint on how to improve.  8.  Bad Experience - Went to buy a Fridge, huge 65" flat screen, Microwaves and a 32" flat screen for the office. Was dressed in work boots and kinda dirty. Most of the sales staff ignored me and turned the other way. I had to seek out a sales person, a newbie and bout over 10k from him in 15 minutes.  Why do I feel like I have to do all the work.  But alas, I am a numbnut because I still go there. Why?  Again, selection and convenience. I go there to get what I need, but I am no longer a loyal customer.
1 The first time I went to Rc Willey, I was looking for a couch. As I walked in, a couple of sales associates approached me. I told them I was just looking & one of them started following me & said if I needed help, he'd be around. Every time I stopped, he'd make a comment about the couch.   I was looking for a more modern & sleek looking couch, but didn't see anything & I felt like the sales associates weren't too friendly  & at the same time kinda aggressive, so I left.   The 2nd time I went there, my father saw that they were selling 40 in. tv's for $399.95 at Rc Wiilley & asked me to pick one up for him. I called the stores first to make sure they had it before I drove down there. The  Summerlin location wasn't picking up. When I called the Henderson store, I asked the guy if they had the t.v. in the paper, & he said they did abruptly & hung up.   When I got to the store, I felt like the sales associates weren't looking too friendly. No one seemed like they wanted to assist me. When I asked for help, the sales associate seemed bothered. Everyone seemed like they were in a bad mood. Especially the cashier. She was an older lady w/ glasses. She was giving me a rude, sarcastic tone of voice & the evil eye. She asked me how I was going to pay in a odd way & if I accepted the total. Maybe because of the way I was dressed. I don't know? I was kinda dressed like a bum that day. I didn't see anyone w/ a smile there except for the lady at the entrance taking surveys. Go figure.
1 I will never shop at RC Willey again in my lifetime no matter how low their sales are on pure principal and I tell everyone i come across the same. In 2001-2002 my husband and i purchased our first home and decided to go to RC Willey to purchase new carpet for the whole house. That was our first mistake because that was the start of a year long battle with no good ending. The carpet people first measured wrong and was trying to order almost double the amount of carpet we needed. We also tiled the bathrooms and kitchen at the same time so we spent a pretty penny to begin with. After much argueing with the people who measure about how they had come to doubled the measurements they conceeded and remeasured correctly. Then came the lovely installation of the carpet and tile. They put the wrong grout color while installing the tile and had to dye the grout to fix it. The carpet was not istalled correctly either leaving huge wrinkly spots all over the house which are there to this day:( I spent almost a year dealing with them to come and fix the carpet and everytime they said there was nothing to do besides purchase all new carpet and redo. In the end to get rid of us they gave us a 300 dollar gift card and told us to have a nice day. Yeah you have a nice day to RC Willey because i tell everyone i come into contact with the story of our fun?? almost  year  long and still mismatched tile/grout and carpet like a wrinkled dog.
5 ABSOLUTELY HANDS DOWN THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD!   I have purchased numerous things from rc willey including a couch / love seat combo for $500 and even through house parties and 2 dogs it is still in amazing condition!   I also recently had a terrible expereince at best buy and immediately went to rc willey and made my purchase at a better price with a better sales man and it took me longer to walk over to the electronics than it did to make my purchase!  I refuse to buy anything from anywhere else from now on!
5 I have nothing bad to say about my RC Willey experience.  My fiance picked out a new couch in the Henderson store.  We were pleasantly surprised - the salespeople were somehow able to strike the balance between being helpful and letting us browse without pressure.  We chose a beautiful tan leather sofa (which, of course, was backordered).  When it was delivered, I was surprised that the delivery was actually made IN THE TIME FRAME GIVEN!  You know how it goes... they say sometime between 11 and 2, and it ends up being 9 p.m.... well, not this time!  The delivery men worked very hard to get the large couch in our small apartment without destroying anything.  I was surprised that we didn't lose a wall, but they were skilled!  Our couch is in perfect condition.  We even got a follow-up call from the store manager to make sure it was delivered satisfactorily.  All in all, we couldn't be more pleased with RC Willey.  We will be returning when we want more furniture!
4 I really like their same as cash programs.  The sales people are not pushy.  The sales people are well informed.  Return & Warranty programs are great even though the customer service reps require a little push at times to go in the right direction.
3 RC Willey is nice, but it's not Nebraska Furniture Mart when it comes to selection and price. I rank furniture shopping in the same category as dealing with used car salesmen, dentists who love drills and skimp on pain meds, etc, as they are to be considered as experiences to be avoided. RC Willey was a pleasant surprise. We got a sales guy who was patient while we decided on what we wanted and he followed up when delivery took longer for our custom order than expected.   Quality wise the furniture we bought was not as good as we were led to believe. But that's a problem with the furniture maker and not RC Willey. After walking through their electronics section my suggestion is to shop around. Lower prices on some things can be found elsewhere. And they have multiple clearance sections. Electronics has one and there's one for furniture. Be sure and check those out, we found a big wall clock in there for cheap.   Overall, 3 stars. Once you've been in either the KC or Omaha Nebraska Furniture Mart stores everything else just doesn't come close. But for Vegas unfortunately it's as good as it gets unless a 4 hour LA road trip is in your future.
5 After reading some horror stories about pretty much every main furniture company in Las Vegas, we decided on RC Willey.  We went into the store and were asked by several people if we needed help.  Honestly I didn't find them very aggressive at all. We told them we were fine and just looking.  But while they were sizing us up we were sizing them up! ( Be warned that if you ask a sales person to price some items for you, they do it in the computer and you are stuck  with them the whole time... ).  We just purchased a house and wanted to do two bedrooms, kitchen , and living room.  We finally went through the store and decided on Tim Carillo.  He was dressed professionally and just seemed to take his job seriously, not chit chatting and leaning and lurking around. We could not have picked a better sales person.  He went through that store with us for hours.  Moving end tables from one side to the other so I could see how they would look with the couch.. ( and truly being o-kay with it), Walking back and forth through bedroom sets before we settled on one. When we were having trouble deciding on a table that would fit in front of the sectional, he went all through that furniture store and showed us every one that would fit with what we were looking for.   Telling us what they had a lot of stock in and what they had a little stock in.. ( The more of an item they have in stock the more likely you will get a pristine piece of furniture and not have to wait for a new shipment if something is damaged).  Explaining the difference in furniture and why one was more then the other.  We went with a beautiful king bedroom set ( San Marino wood and metal ) which looks amazing in the house, and had to purchase a mattress to go with it.  He was EXTREMELY knowledgable about all the furniture and the mattresses. When we decided on a Montebelo marble table he took chairs from all around the room to set by the table so that we could get kitchen chairs that we liked. We came in early and left close to closing. There was one piece of our leather sectional that we would have to wait for delivery on, ( We were okay with this.) and he told us why and when we would get it.  They took our money ( we paid in full.. no financing or anything like that.. Just can't give a review in that department) .   O-kay so the fun part was over.  I am now worried now that the sale is final are we just a number?  how is the delivery going to be?  Will my furniture meet expectations???   Well, the next afternoon Tim calls us and says that he talked with his manager and searched warehouses in other areas and found the part of the sectional we were going to have to wait for and we would get it with our main delivery.  SERIOUSLY went out of his way to do this and make sure we got this with our order if at all possible... The delivery was as  scheduled and these guys were young and fast. They were super careful but  very efficient.  They made sure I looked all the furniture over before they put it together, after, and when it was in place.  They answered any questions I had about caring for the furniture.   AMAZING Experience.  I truly believe that it was because we got Tim Carillo as our sales person.  He was a true pro.  Knowledgable about everything and willing to work for us.  Not an eye roll in his head or a lazy bone in his body. He has EARNED our return business and we will frequent RC Willey for many years to come I am sure...  I would just like to say that I have never met this guy before and have no vested interest on this guy at all.. but I STRONGLY recommend that you ask for him when you go into the store on N Stephanie street, you will not be disappointed!
4 I always have a good experience when I visit RC Willey.  I recently went in there to purchase a refrigerator mine just went out.  After researching it on line which I would suggest because they do give a $15 coupon to make your purchase with.  The day I went in was the first day of their sale which saved me another $100.  I was in and out witin in minutes since I new what I want and they were interested only in making that happen.
2 I have experienced better at this store. I guess the sales people judge the book by it's cover. I have bought tvs and furniture in the past and had no problems and would have rated them very high. I have always gone in after work dressed professionally so the sales crew were quick to offer assistance. On this day (triple digit heat) I had on slippers, shorts and holy t-shirt and my hat  turned backwards. Looking for tvs,theater seats and wall  mounts. Not one person offered any assistance. I looked around and they were talking with each other as I walked through. Any way I bought my tvs elsewhere that day but no theater seats. Does anyone know where I can get theater seats? Thanks
2 One of my worst experience ever!!  We had so much problem purchase our flooring here.  Possibly any little thing that can go wrong went wrong.  And because of their mistake that I have to pay extra to my contractor.  We had brought up the problem to the service manager, and her attitude was not good at all....  Isn't a manager suppose to solve your issue and provide the best service as they can??  At the end all problems were solve and they credit $50 back for their mistake..
1 We walked in with sparkles in our eyes.  Furniture, electronics, appliances AND flooring in ONE location?  With a 4 bedroom home to furnish, we said this is IT and then we met the staff.  What a freaking waste of time.  Getting service was like asking people to line up for teeth extractions.  First salesperson we told we wanted to buy a coffee table, sorry we don't have it in stock (picture large man looking everywhere but at us, chewing gum).  When will you have it in stock... ehhh couldn't get it here before Monday afternoon, maybe.  (me) Is there anyway we could have it shipped earlier?  (stares straight at me) Not unless you wanna drive to Salt Lake City, (giggles and walks away)  WTF seriously?  Next salesperson we met in dining section.  She was awesome, Eilene, very knowledgeable, VERY personable and extremely helpful.  Unfortunately what we wanted in this section was ALSO out of stock.  Strike two  Next section was bedrooms, we find the exact decorative pieces we have been looking for, they are mounted on a wall above one of their bed displays.  I go looking for Eilene, she's no where to be found.  So I go looking for a salesperson, 2 rooms away I walk into the mattress section.  Three salesmen hanging out in here.  They are chit chatting, one even has a piece of foam in his hand and he is playing toss.  I said excuse me, Elvis turns around and says Yeah (no may I help you, nope nothing)  I said can you help me purchase something in a different area.  His response, what are you buying?  I said accessories.   As he is turning away from me, he says, yeah, just take that yourself to the office, they can help you there.  Then he went back to his two coworkers and continued their conversation.  I guess I had interrupted them, shame on me.  Take into account that this was on a Saturday when they were running sales.  Most furniture stores I have ever been in, follow you around and if you even look up they come running to assist, NOT at RC Willey.  Staff is HORRIBLE here!!  Management if you are reading this, you are paying these people to sit around and do NOTHING.  The sad part is we liked the furniture they sell here, but I seriously doubt we will be back.  I would hate to think if we liked a couch, would we have to lug it to the back to the office to buy it on our own?    RC Willey, we are furnishing a 4 bedroom house, guess who ISN'T getting our business??
3 We had a very good customer service experience picking out a living room set.  The salesman was helpful but not aggressive.  I was overall impressed with the service we got from the salesperson, cashier and delivery people.    We really like our furniture.  However, the ottoman we bought was leather and had a hinged lid to store things inside.  Within 2 weeks, and maybe being opened 3 times, the hinges came flying off, the screws tearing the leather on both sides.  Totally broken.  I called the store, after being on hold for 15 min, I got through to someone who was very helpful and had a new ottoman out to us the following week.  I inspected this one, and it looked okay...not perfect, but I think for the quality of furniture Im paying for, it is not going to be perfect.  There were a few imperfections in  the leather, the screws appeared to be unevenly screwed and the fabric was coming loose a little on the inside.  I weighed the trouble of rejecting it and waiting another week to have another 4 hour window taken out of my day to have yet another delivered versus just living with the slight issues.  We have small children, so I figured, how perfect would it really stay anyway, right?  Problem solved.....until the next week, when my husband noticed the zipper on the couch cushion had completely burst open and was broken.  Again, on hold for 20 min, finally talked to someone very helpful, having a new cushion delivered tomorrow.  I noticed yesterday, our new end table we purchased as a large dent in the wood I hadn't noticed before.  Im not even gonna bother with that.  So, in conclusion, the customer service is great and the prices are reasonable.  I had hoped for a better quality product, because while not overly expensive, to me $3000 for a couch, ottoman, end table and lamp isn't cheap either.  But, I guess you get what you pay for.  Im not sure if we will be going back here for more furniture or not.  While I am unimpressed with the quality of furniture, Im not sure where you could go to do better at this price point.  Customer service was really, really great though.  I do wonder though, how I will be treated once my warranty wears off.  I guess we'll see.
3 HENDERSON STORE DOESN'T KNOW THEIR OWN PROGRAMS ... Which are unclear at best, but are more likely deliberately misleading.  We have shopped at RC Willey off and on for the last 30+ years (usually in SLC), and we have taken note as they have grown and developed into a pretty decent store.  (Before Buffett they specialized in low end product especially for those who couldn't get financing on their own.  But in recent years, that has all changed for the better.)    Most of the time, especially in Salt Lake, the experiences have ranged from satisfactory to exceptional.   The Henderson store, however, falls off the charts.  I seriously wonder if we will ever be back!  To make a long story longer, we received notification of an incredible sale on an appliance that we just happened in the market for.  We hit the store first thing on 'Super Saturday', only to be told by the sales person that we were mistaken - "There's no way that we would sell this for that price".  Fast forward to later that day, after doing a bunch of errands and other shopping:  We looked at the email again.  We were correct after-all!  They had advertised a steal of a price on just the appliance we were looking for.  Not wanting to venture back down to the store in holiday traffic, we hit the phones - only to hear a second excuse:  "It was probably just an 'online only' promo, you need to look on the web site."  (The ad didn't say anything about that!!!).    We kept asking to speak with various unavailable managers until we ended up talking to the appliance manager in their main SLC store (Henderson couldn't be bothered).  He admitted that he didn't know anything about it, but at least cared enough to pull-up a copy of the ad.  He speculated that it was a limited quantity teaser that was only available online, although he acknowledged that the ad didn't say anything to that effect.  And he did check inventory - and reported that they were sold out of that model.  I don't know that we would have been fortunate enough to score one of the limited quantity dryers, but I would have certainly felt better about missing out if that moron in the store hadn't given us a bum-steer.
1 If customer service enters into your purchase, I suggest you shop somewhere else, because RC Willey has none .  Actually, I take it back.  They do have customer service and it is B-A-D!!!   I recently bought a kitchen full of appliances from a very nice salesman.  In fact, everyone was nice while I was spending thousands of dollars.  Once there was a problem, niceties were scarce.  On my first call to customer service, I was on hold for over thirty minutes before giving up and going into the store.  After standing in a long line, I was treated rudely by the customer service rep who tried to make me fell like I was to blame for the dishwasher not working, the light on the microwave not working and the refrigerator doors not being balanced.  One out of four appliances was problem free!  I jumped through their hoops to get things corrected and even accepted that it would be over a week before someone could come to balance my refrigerator.  On the day that was scheduled, no call from customer service, so I called them only to be told I was never scheduled and could not be scheduled for another five days.  So, here it is, 2:30 on the day they are supposed to be here between 10:45 and 1:45 and I just got a call that they have one more installation before they can get here!   This is absolutely my last RC Willey purchase.  I wish I had followed my first instinct and had them pick EVERYTHING up and gone to Sears!
3 We went here this past Black Friday (set to open at 8 am), and the line almost wrapped around the building. We were in the area, and underestimated the demand for the Genesis system at $20.00- which is what my husband wanted. Apparently, coupons were passed out in line, and we must've missed that announcement in the newspaper ad (assuming it was printed). Come to think of it, I did notice an employee walking back towards the entrance to the store. This happened as I stood in line, while my husband found a parking space. We went inside, but found out that the system sold in seven minutes! There were so many people there- some other people got rude when they learned that the Genesis sold out. Most of the customers were at the Electronics department, just like us.   We went here to look at furniture last year, and the prices were pretty high. It's been our experience (and yes, it has been recent) that employees at furniture stores are similar to used car salesmen- almost like circling sharks- I just don't like to be constantly followed and harassed. I think that my FIL bought something here but had to return it, because it didn't work out inside his house. Heard that the outlet in North Las Vegas has better prices though the pieces might not be in perfect condition.
5 I don't understand these negative reviews. I've gone to RC Willey 2 times (first for my couch, and yesterday for a bedroom set and dinette set) and have been greeted by multiple employees asking if I need assistance  I also think that their products are very well made and at great prices  Delivery is awesome as well because if you pay for delivery once, you get free delivery for a year!  Yes, they may not always have everything in stock, but it's not bad to wait a few days.   We live in a society that everything is now now now I want it now I deserve it now!  Well, learn some patience
3 RC Willey is on one if you ask me some one call the BBB. Their furniture, electronics, appliances, mattresses, flooring & outdoor stuff are just ok. The staff are so kind and willing to help you. But RC Willey has some rules that are just silly. So I picked out a rug I wanted. Now they wanted me to pay 487 bucks for a used rug. It was white and has huge dirt spots on it. The sales girl who is also named samantha told me it was a 700 dollar rug but it had been on the showroom floor for sometime. And she pointed out the huge black marks and dust spots. I still wonna know what that got to do with me because I picked out a brown rug with gold in it to match my room a home. At this point I know I am not going to buy anything so I just ask a random question. So I said ok when will you get it back from being cleaned. Oh we not gonna have it cleaned the sale girl named Samantha said. Then you can keep it honey. What I look like paying 500 whole dollars for a dirty rug. Maybe some all day sucker will go for that bull but not me. LMAO I am still left to ponder why I cant buy the rug I picked out why were they pushing a rug I didn't pick out. I can only assume they don't like money.       OMG they give out snacks popcorn, hot dogs but hey they got to have some gimmick to trap you in. I walked around munching on popcorn and sipping on water. Its wall to wall packed with over priced stuff to look at. All kinds of colors oh yeah I almost forgot they got rugs and pillows and ugh ...Home theater chairs. I dout I will be back anytime soon. Its always best to give the buyer what they want. The rug I picked out was like $150.00 I would have got it had they sold it to me.
2 Horrible Customer Service! The salesman that we had is so dull and boring! We bought love seat and he wasn't happy with our decision with picking our furniture. Duh! we live less than 2 mile from this RC Willey. I guess he wants to make more commission from us! Too bad, we are too cheap!
3 RC Willey is a crap shoot.  We have been shopping there over the years since I moved back to the Vegas Valley (and husband moved here for the first time).    The goods: the financing is super easy with 6,12 or 18 months interest free.  They have quality products that I haven't had any issues with falling apart or being substandard.  They deliver if you are purchasing a large item.  They set up.  The staff is friendly, if not a little pushy.  Their cafe is usually open, which is food for the kiddies who need a break.  The bads:   After you purchase a large item, but not so large that you need it delivered, you have to go around back to pick it up.  I have NEVER waited less than 30 minutes.  I bought my son a gaming chair (which I could have carried out myself).  I waited 45 minutes on a Friday evening for it.    I was paying extra on my financing bill in order to pay it off before the interest free expired.  Because I had one purchase that was 6 months interest free and one that was 12 months, the finance department was appropriating the extra money to the 12 months interest free.  When I complained (as that makes NO sense to me), they transferred the money, but told me that from now on, I had to go online to their website to pay to make the extra money go where I wanted it to go.  What a pain!  Now, if you are paying cash (or another form of payment other than your RC Willey card), shop around.  While they do have some good deals (around Christmas with my coupons/gift certificates they give you, the xbox 360 was cheaper than walmart), I got better deals on my fridge and washing machine and dryer at Lowe's.  Bought my on sale Dyson there, similar prices elsewhere, but you have to know to look around.
1 What an absolutely horrible experience.  We were lied to regarding an out-of-stock item (salesman lied to us to try to keep our business).  We were also told that we couldn't buy anything until a return was completed on a chair we decided not to keep.  We were told we couldn't buy ANYTHING, even paying CASH until a return was processed...even though what we were buying was the replacement for what we originally purchased and it was much more expensive.    I've been to this store on Stephanie and also the store on Town Center.  Both were bad experiences.  I recommend everyone go elsewhere or purchase online.  Don't waste your time with this store.  They are a ripoff to boot.
3 In my massive search of this town for a cafe' table and a dinning set I think I have been to everywhere in town.   We came here to try to include it all in the search, we walked in greeted and left alone to wander.  To some that may be bad but for me it is good.  I am looking, I don't want someone following me around telling me to look at this and look at that, I know what I want and if I see it I will find someone until then let me be in peace.  They had a nice and large selection however it was not what we were looking for and we left happy and unbothered.
1 Save your money, and don't go here. This place is so stuck up! We went in there, and walked the entire store, and NOT A SINGLE person acknowledged us. The sales people were NOT busy, chit chatting with each other about outside of work topics.  No thanks.
1 Poor customer service! I saw plenty of associates yet none of them even said hello. In fact I was the one who said hello FIRST to the "greeter" lady at the entrance.  She sat there perched like a parrot the whole time. Why are you sitting there staring at ppl instead of saying, "Hello and welcome to RC Willey are you familiar with our store?? I can help you or an associate can..."something like that. Anyway, I decided to mention the bad customer service on the way out, (should've gotten a manager, and told him/her I know) and she gave a "well some of the employees go home at 5:30pm." I thought yeah and???  The good part was that she apologized for any inconvenience.  Thanks. As far as furniture, you can buy comparable, quality pieces for LESS from other nice stores in Las Vegas. Save your cash amigos...NEXT!
1 Well, let me start off by saying I just spent $2,200 there & it was the BIGGEST mistake of my life. We bought a variety of things from electronics to carpet.  Every single item I purchased there , I had an issue either with instillation or there had to be an argument cause they wouldn't back their return policy!  I purchased a $450 Xbox & two weeks later it was broke. (Wouldn't turn on or anything!) we took it back & the customer service rep gave me attitude & said she couldn't do nothing about it. We had to come back the next day to talk to the manager & she acted like we were some kind of criminals. She had two separate people check to make sure we weren't lying & she still didn't believe them & had to check herself for a third time! When she came back she said its the one & only time we can exchange it. Mind you, the store should back something if you're spending so much money for two weeks previous.  Second problem I had, we had carpet installed in one room on the "carpet sale!" & the lady in the carpet section said you'll hear from the estimator Saturday. I waited till Saturday afternoon to call the guy & he said, "no one wanted to answer the phone this morning so I have up!" Not once did he call me! I went into the store to talk to the sales associate & she told me to go speak to the manager. I went back to speak with her, I told her what was going on & she said, "why are you back here?! She couldn't help you?!" I was completely appalled!!  Third problem, I bought a $350 Polk audio sound bar, took it out of the box & the sub doesn't work. They did not want to exchange it cause it was past the "exchange date!" I was moving so I couldn't open it to check it.  I will NEVER again step foot into another one of your stores not even for your free hot dog! We live in a bad economy & for someone to just spend $2,200 on a whim is not common. You should value the customers who purchase things from your store & keep you in a job!!!!
1 This place is stuck on stupid. No one knows when the store manager works. Really? Attitude when you complain about poor quality products? Oh, I get it. You got my $4,000.00 bucks, so I'm screwed. I'll pay, not because I'm worried about my credit rating, but because I am a person of integrity. Maybe you should hire people like me. Rest assured you will not get another dime from me after this transaction.
4 Was very happy with my experience being new in town.. Rik Peyton was very helpful and made things go quick and smoothly
5 4.5 stars  Despite the mixed reviews I read about RC Willey we came here in addition to the usual suspects (Lowe's, HD, Sears) to shop for our new washer/dryer.  We were pleasantly surprised by the good prices, service, and warranties.   We found the best prices both on the product and the warranties for the w/d we were looking for.  If you don't have to use the warranty within its timeframe you get half the cost of the warranty back as a gift card to RC Willey.  Salesperson was helpful but not pushy.  Delivery was scheduled for the exact day we wanted and it was quick and uneventful.    About a week after delivery we moved into the house and realized the dryer wasn't heating up.  RC Willey couldn't get there for another week, and they wouldn't give us the time frame until the night before.  That's where I subtracted half a star.  But they fixed the problem and now we're up and running.  And we LOVE the product.    We paid a one-time delivery fee of $59 and can get free delivery on any order for one year.  This is a great deal if you just bought a house and will be needing appliances, furniture, electronics, etc.    We had a great first experience here and will definitely be back at least to browse and compare pricing whenever we need something else for the house.
1 With unfortunate events due to RC Willey's lack of "quality business practices/policies," I'm ultimately forced to write this negative review.  In hopes that whomever reads this review will redirect your business to another company for your home furnishing needs.  Summary:  I purchased a refrigerator from RC Willey and on Nov. 15th the unit needed attention.  As of Dec. 2nd my refrigerator is still not operating completely.    During this ridiculous on going 15-day repair, I had the pleasure to endure the pains of hosting Thanksgiving dinner for 10+ guests without a working fridge.  I had to borrow my parent's extra fridge which took about an 2.5hrs out of my life.   After speaking with 3 different representatives and 45mins - 1hr later in hopes that RC Willey's would attempt to rectify the situation, met with no luck.  I was informed by their extended warranty manager (John Bennion) there is nothing RC Willey's could do because they don't have control over THEIR own outsourced repair company.  Yet in the end he offered me $25 in-store credit (wow!) AFTER I informed him that as a responsible consumer, I will unfortunately have to leave a negative review on their company.  In conclusion, beware of RC Willey's business practices, warranties and lack of moral business ethics.  READ FURTHER IF INTERESTED... (I have cellphone call logs as reference)  The following is the series of events that has occurred while scheduled to host Thanksgiving:  [Nov. 15th] - Called RC Willey - Problem: Refrigerator not holding temperature  [Nov. 18th] - Returned call from RC Willey -       -  Informed that repair needs to be outsourced      -  Repair Company:  A & R Appliance (1932 Western Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89146)           -  Average review rating: 2.1 out 5 (google)      -  Appointment scheduled for Nov.  20th @ 10am - 1pm [Nov. 20th] -  Called at 1:30pm to check on status of repairman, arrived @ 2:30pm      -  Logic board and defroster needs to be replaced      -  Following appointment scheduled for Nov. 23rd @ 10am - 1pm [Nov. 23rd] - "No call, No Show"; Left message *wasted a whole day* [Nov. 25th] - Left another message; no reply [Nov. 26th] - Left another message; no reply      - Obtained and transported a refrigerator from my parents to my house (2.5 hrs) [Nov. 27th] - THANKSGIVING DAY [Nov. 29th] - Returned call from A & R Appliance      - They inquired with me about the status of my broken refrigerator.  If no repairman came out on Nov. 23rd the status is still obviously "not working".      - Rescheduled for Nov. 30th [Nov. 30th] - Informed it was repaired  [Dec. 1st] - still not working properly [Dec. 2nd] - still on going... [Dec. 5th] - RC Willey Operation Manager called to ask he how my fridge is working.  I informed him that we are waiting for another part.  He was shocked at my response, because has a work order from A & R Appliance stating that all repairs has been completed!" [Dec. 21st] - Fridge is up an running [Jan. 20th] - Fridge is down once again! - Lets see which repair company they send me this time.
4 While RC Willey is pretty expensive the products are of great quality. We bought a sofa, side chair, ottoman and pillows for less than $2,500. The warranty came in handy when a string in the seam came out. A tech came over to our home and fixed it with no hassle.   We carpeted two bedrooms, a hallway & staircase as well and from the salesperson to the installers it was phenominal service. The store is clean and the inventory is constantly changing giving you great ideas for furniture placement.  All in all a great place to shop.
2 Out looking for new furniture we started at RC Willey. We looked at a few and most of the staff was friendly and didn't force themselves on us. Then one of the sales guys decided to sit was us on a sectional and continued following us for about four more units. I explained we were only looking but he kept pushing us to try and make a sale today. I had enough and exited the store. They do have a lot of nice merchandise but that really was the factor for me not to return.
2 way too expensive.  i bought my 8 weave leather couch here.  my wooden desk, my 50" tv and my 2 end tables here.  it was across the street from where i lived, tho.  service was nice.  Alot of people in line for returns and delivery stuff.  WAY TOO EXPENSIVE FOR THE PRICE.  and i bought my comfy desk jaguar chair here
4 Is RC Willey great for everything?  No.  I don't think any store that tries to "do it all" is.  BUT they are great at furniture.  Our first purchase was at their old Lamb & Craig clearance location.  We bought a microfiber dual reclining sectional.  It was one of the most comfortable pieces of furniture in the house!  Great price, warranty, and friendly sales person.  A few years later we moved into a house with a smaller living room.  So we decided to get a smaller sectional with only one recliner.  This time we went to the Henderson location and, again, ended up buying something from the clearance section.  Great price, warranty, and again a friendly sales person.  For the past two weeks we have been bed shopping.  We dealt with four different sales people at the Henderson location.  One was nice, two were okay and one was friendly, knowledgeable and a total pleasure to work with.  We purchased the bed frame from the regular part of the store but the mattress from the clearance section.  (They have some brand new mattresses back there, so definitely check them out).  Kim was the best.  He answered all our questions, didn't try to "up sell" us on anything and just made the buying experience perfect.    I definitely recommend checking out their clearance sections and ask for Kim while you are in Henderson!
2 I really needed carpet and I was impressed with a carpet promotional card that came in the mail for RC Willey. $39 installation and 15-20% off all Stainmaster carpets. I thought I hit a lucky strike.   I called to schedule a measurement of my home. The guy was nice enough and ensured me this twice a year offer was one RC Willey actually looses money on. He explained they try to boost sales even if there is virtually no mark-up. Okay, I thought. Seems somewhat logical...I guess.  So I go in to RC Willey and meet a sales rep. She has me look at tons of samples and has me pick like 10. After 30 mins of this, I ask if these are the promotional Stainmaster carpets. She assures me everything is on sale. Im suspicious but I play along.  Finally I have her quote me for one sample I liked. Mind you its 3 bedrooms and less than 600 total sq feet. The price: $3300. Like as in $1100 per average size 10x10 bedroom I ask, and she says "yes' with a straight face. So I ask what is really on a good sale like as described in the flyer? She explains the samples with a black dot is what is on special (like why didn't she say this at first?). So out of 1000's of samples like 12 have the black dot (if you can find them).  Of course the samples on sale are the ugliest. Drab grays and browns and cheap materials. One was dark burgundy with rose pattens, I kid you not.   I am annoyed and ask for a quote for the least of the ugly cheap sample I can find. Price: $1700. Plus I will have to move all my own furniture. I call around to multiple carpet dealers in town (there are tons) and get quotes for hundreds of dollars less, some almost half of these prices.  Long story short, RC Willey uses gimmicks and the old bait and switch to get people in the store. A total waste of everyone's time.   Never again
1 Piss poor... spent 200.00 on an office chair along with a coffee table for another 230.00. Sales person stated both are in-stock in the RC Willey clearance center. He then went to advise me that it was *10 minutes* away. From the Henderson location to North Vegas?! more like 30-40 minutes.   Arrive at the RC Willey clearance center to get notified at that time that all they have for me is the coffee table, the chair's still in Utah. Great... so I call them advise that I spent all this time driving to pick up one item when I was advised two items in-stock.   I admit, they did try to fix the problem and offered to ship to me, which I was grateful for.  However, I don't think I should wait over a week from when I originally went to will call the item(s).   So, week goes by and the driver calls to advised that they'll be delivering within an hour. At this time I was finally happy that the product was being delivered.   Think I was happy? Wrong! The chair came pre-assembled, which I did not mind IF it was done properly. The screws that mount to the arm rests were either stripped or not even screwed on all the way. the bottom base of the seat that mounts to the lower end of the chair was CARELESSLY done. The whole assembly looks like they did not give a **** and just used a power tool WITHOUT EVEN ALIGNING THE SCREWS FIRST! So there's several stripped screws due to carelessness and several that were not even screwed down PERIOD. This company really cares about their customers'. NOT.  So, I called complained. NOW, I have to wait another 4 days (the chair is in stock here in Nevada) to get a replacement. Any compensation? NOPE!  Will definitely NOT buy from here again. Going to try Walker as I hear better reviews from friends/family.
3 Update: so the chair arrived today. Even though there was the frustration of lead-time on a stocked item. The second delivery of the office chair is great. I can finally be at peace. Still not too happy about the waiting and no compensation for the couple of delays.
4 We have bought A LOT of furniture here in the past two months. We had an entire new house to fill up. I found the customer service to be fantastic - Brandon P. and Mike Van Fleet both treated us really well. Recognizing that we had bought a lot through them, they worked to get us extra discounts over and above what we negotiated on our own.  The ONLY reason this was not a 5 star review has to do with delivery and post-delivery service. The delivery guys were great and spent the better part of a day putting everything together. However, they were not gentle with the floor and tracked dust everywhere. They didn't wear paper boots in the house or put down furniture blankets.  Second, one of the items had a damaged leg. Rather than order a new piece that would have been to us sooner, they ordered a replacement leg that we're still waiting for... if they ever get us that replacement leg I will consider raising it to 5 stars.   All in all, we will go back here when we need more furniture.
1 They deserve no stars. The guy that responds to complaints is the same guy and he will give you the same load of BS. (Adam) This company sells faulty warranties and less then inadequate customer service. I am so disgusted with them . I have wrote to channel 8 and I will continue to voice  my disdain for them. They  patronized me with a offer towards buying a new tv.... They offered to give me a $200 discount on buying a new $1500 tv!  Corporate office said if I continue to complain on social media it will just go full circle back to them And they will filter it so it won't be seen. Well you can't filter YELP!!
1 Bought floor sample on assurance of next day delivery as I was leaving town for 2 months. Next day no delivery and when I called it apparently was never scheduled. Huge waste of time and they expressly misled me to purchase based on delivery promise. I have cancelled and they agreed to refund. We will see if that comes through by email as agreed or whether there is yet another problem.
1 I purchased a whole living room set and in the store the interactions and sales team was all fantastic.    The day of delivery the delivery people had called to confirm a time frame and I said "ok" and then they never showed up and I had to leave so I called the store and they weren't able to get ahold of the driver.  They told me I would have to reschedule and didn't even offer to refund the delivery fee, I had to.  I don't even want money back, I want my furniture!   But it's the principle.  Then, I reschedule it for a day that would not work for me (today) as they wouldn't make an exception to get it to me when worked for me because THEY screwed up.  Then today I call to reschedule it and they state it's already on the truck so I have to call back tomorrow.  I informed them that after waiting on hold for 10 minutes I would not be calling back and I demanded the store manager to call me.  I'm a manager at a hotel where guests complain all the time and I would never inconvenience our guests like this.  I asked her to have it delivered on Thursday or Friday and the CUSTOMER SERVICE MANAGER (or she claims she was) stated she couldn't do that.  BS.  If you're in a management role in customer service and can't provide service to your customer you should find a new job.  I'm beyond angry that I have been inconvenienced by this and would never buy from RC Willey or recommend anyone I know ever again.  Not to mention I STILL have no furniture
