5 I had the best frappucino I have ever tasted. It was smooth and creamy and the whipped cream was lightly whipped just perfectly. I was delicious. The customer service was fast and courteous.
4 After discovering that the Border's across the highway got rid of their cafe, I stumbled upon this Starbuck's. As a first-time customer, I am impressed. The staff is friendly. There is plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. And there is a diversity of patrons.  Overall this cafe provides a great Starbuck's experience.
5 Awesome drive in lady. Smiling and the drink was waiting for me. Awesome service
5 Always awesome drive thru, and though the seating inside is sparse, its a great store, with great staff and the drinks are always right.  AND they still have maple scones here. YAY!
5 Their drive-thru service is totally awesome. Even if there's a line of car, they're efficient enough for the wait to be reasonable every time I go. My order is made correctly, they always make a suggestive sell, like those damn delicious coffee cakes I can't resist. And most importantly, every employee I've encountered has been friendly and personable.  I love this location. 5 stars for sure!
3 It's a starbuck, but sadly I couldn't find a place to sit..
5 I love this Starbucks location! They have the best customer service and teamwork. When I went in this morning, I was helped out by many different people including the manager. He said he wanted to make sure I wasn't being neglected. I was FAR from being neglected. I was greeted by everyone, asked if I needed help picking something out by one guy, put my order in with another guy, paid a third guy, then checked up on by the manager at the end. I was actually pretty blown away by the service. Surprisingly, there were also a lot of tables and seats available to sit at. I was able to snag a spot in the corner next to an outlet to plug my laptop into. I will be coming back here more often!
1 I used to work for a training store for Starbucks so I know that the company does know how to make delicious drinks.   But this Barista needs a lesson how to make a real latte.   All she did was pull the shots of espresso directly into the cup, stuck the steam wand into the milk pitcher and just let it sit there! Then poured the heated up milk over the espresso which had been sitting there now "dead" and proceeded to put the lid on and handed it out. YUCK!   After watching the barista make it incorrectly I immediately said I need this remade with foam and no don't just froth some foam and top my drink off. Lattes need to be made with care. Froth the milk and dont let it sit because the foam separates from the milk. In order to have a creamy delicious latte pour right after frothing no need for a spoon to scoop up foam! Not that hard people.   That was just my boyfriends drink, mine was super simple. Iced grande vanilla latte. Vanilla, espresso, milk then ice. Easy right? Well apparently not since the barista couldn't even put the proper amount of milk in my cup which left me with a half inch of empty space in my cup. Hmm $4.05 for a non full cup, time to move on and buy my own espresso/steam machine!
3 Although I prefer meat and potatoes, I don't much prefer foo foo sweet coffee drinks.  Don't get me wrong, I will drink it when my lady buys say...a seasonal peppermint frappe or mocha with cream...might be making some of these up which goes to show my lack of knowledge on the sweet coffee variety.  I am a simple man, same order all the time, more or less... Tall Pike's, top it off with no room for cream or sugar please.  That's my thing yo!  Occasionally, I will mess with the bold of the day or some of the seasonal flavors, but ultimately, I do not stray too far from the coffee black pack.  Call me old fashioned, but there is something about the natural flavors from coffee from different regions and so forth.    I would love to see Starbucks offer a Hawaiian Kona Coffee and surprised they haven't done so already.  But oh well.    The breakfast sandwiches are not all that bad also.  I like the artisan sandwiches, lemon loaf, old fashioned donut or a napple.  The environment is always pleasant as well.  Don't tell Starbucks, but if I am out and looking for a rest room, the first place I look for is a Starbucks, only cause I can bank on it being clean and a dime a dozen when out and about.   Wasn't too pleased with the up in price at the beginning of the year, but fluctuation is expected.  hard to go wrong with Starbucks.  Oh yeah, did I mention my man Magic Johnson has his share of business with s-bucks too...not that it matters. LOL.
5 It's coffee.  There's a drive thru. (I think all, if not most Vegas locations have drive thrus huh?) LA didn't have many drive thru Starbucks so I'm being spoiled over here.  I usually get a tall iced caramel macchiato with non fat milk or a tall iced green tea latte with two pumps of peppermint. Yum! =)  I just freakin LOVE starbucks!!!
1 The staff is rude.  never get the order correct.
4 One of the better locations around town, this one has a drive thru and a patio! While the patio is nothing major as it looks out over the parking lot (typical Las Vegas views), it does provide a nice option to enjoy the nice weather that graces us for a total of three months out of the year.  They're very speedy here, and customer service has always been top notch! The employees are patient and take their time with you, and the drinks are fabulous as always.
4 This is my new go-to Starbucks location.  Their drive-thru is usually lightening fast and my order is always correct!  The barista's working the window like to chit-chat with you if your drink is still being made.  The only down side- I'm here everyday (Monday-Friday) and the one guy asks me the same question every time he's working "going to work?"  Some of the other locations recognize you and know your drinks.  This dude doesn't pay attention, obviously, otherwise he would know, yes- I'm going to work.  Overall, the everyone is really nice and I always enjoy my grande, iced, caramel macchiato with extra caramel on my way to work. :)
5 Always friendly staff. Never too busy. Probably my favorite Starbucks in Vegas.
3 Ok, nothing special.  There was nothing wrong with this location, it was clean and friendly enough.  My drink was made so sweet that I almost couldn't drink it though, and some of the decorations were in a little bit of disarray.
4 The drive-thru here is super quick and I would recommend it over going inside. For most other Starbucks locations it is the direct opposite, but for some reason the drive-thru is never too crowded here. Most people seem to go inside to order and then sit on the patio outside.
3 I just came in to order an iced green tea, which was great.. but the facility looked like it had been drug through the bush backwards. And the restrooms looked like an episode of breaking bad had taken place in them..So good drinks bad building lol The only other issue I had was the lack of hair restraints being used by the staff. Though they themselves were friendly.
4 The Coffee was hot and the  Breakfast Cake was good and moist.  The place were packed with people.  I will go back.
4 Fast service and consistent Starbucks taste but the exterior needs some work and not too pleased with some of the people who hang out in the parking lot so best to go in, get your drink, and leave.  Not a location I'd spend any time hanging out at.
5 Seriously the best Starbucks in town the people here are great you're drink always comes out perfectly the other great thing is that they remember you and so you don't have to repeat your drink every single day which is such a plus. Thanks for always making me smile through the drive thru you guys are the best
2 This Starbucks is pretty disorganized.  Every time I've been in this place I wait much much longer in line than I would've if I would've gone through the drive thru.  So frustrating.  This Starbucks needs some management and better cleaners.
3 Not the cleanest or fastest Starbucks around.  Have been in here several times now.  This location seems to be frequented by the people that panhandled the large intersection by the store.  I am approached almost every time.  There is a drive through. Not my fav location....
