4 I went here to have a few links taken out of a watch. We were greeted right away. I asked about the watch links being removed. I was helped right away. It was only 5.00 to remove the links. They even cleaned my rings for free.  No one pressured us for any other business or sales. Noone was rude because of what we came in for. We were treated very well.  We did look around at the jewelry and it was beautiful.  The young men who own the the store and work there are very nice and helpful.
4 Came here to have a few links on my watch taken off. It's only $5 and the service was good! I did not look around for jewelries at all so I don't know. Hehe
5 These guys are great.. they went out of their way for me and paid me nearly double what i was offered thanks guys great service..
5 When I first walked into this place I had some concerns but after they finished my order for me I can't stop talking about this place. I had two rings re-sized here and they gave me a very reasonable price. Frankie was great and took really good care of me and my wife's rings. Great place! I will be coming back again for all of my future jewelry needs.
5 Friendly people that give good service. Had my chain fixed three times and now they are going to find an new one . I'm going to use my old chain to get the new one and pay the different. I know I will get a good price. Good family business.
5 I went to Jewelry City to ask what it would cost to add some links to a watch that I had and to my surprise they said that it wouldn't cost me anything.  It says on yelp not to write a review if you recieved something for free but I think it's nice to let people know that there is still decent people here in Vegas.  By their actions of kindness I will make sure that I use my mouth about this business in telling people to visit  the store when shopping for a special gift.  I hope that people who read yelp will keep my review in mind when they need jewelry and at least check them out.  I would hate to see a business go out due to lack of customers.  I doesn't hurt to see what they have to offer.
5 Beautiful store, extremely nice people, excellent service. For sure I would recommend this store for buying, repairing or even selling your old jewelry!
5 Great staff. Work hard to help you. Found me/my wife the rolex I was looking for in only 2 days. Made her birthday perfect. Price was great. Couldn't be beat. The guys really went the extra mile.
5 Had the best experience with their super friendly staff. We needed watch batteries, links taken out of watches and wanted to sell jewelry. Everything was accomplished with an extremely great price. Will definitely go back again!
4 These guys were great. I took some of my man jewelry to get adjusted.  Needed to take about 4" out of a silver necklace and a link or two out of a bracelet.  The took the bracelet link out on the spot free and then had my necklace shortened and polished a few days later.  Everything was great and I was extremely happy.  The place smelled a bit like cigarette smoke but otherwise I was happy.
5 needed a battery and some links added. they did it within minutes in front of me. highly recommend this shop. great service
2 I feel like the guy who helped is was really rude and sarcastic...not friendly what so ever.
