4 I came here some years ago because I wanted to find about the source of my foot pain. The salesperson has you take off your shoes and socks and you step onto a tissue type paper, to determine what kind of arches you have. I learned that I have high arches which requires special support. There are flat arches, high arches, and normal arches. A demo was done to show how different it feels with the correct amount of support- bending your knees, etc. Yeah, it seems funny, but the other customers in there are doing the same thing, too. There are numerous chairs in the store. There are also tv's playing videos of the products and the product creator/store owner. So, I was given three choices- arch supports for $100, $150, or $200. I chose the middle one. Yeah, it was pricey but my feet and general health are important to me. I think I also decided to stop wearing cheap shoes and chose Aerosoles as my primary shoe brand (but recently like Clarks too). The supports stay in with velcro, which work for a while, on most closed toe shoes. It cracked over time with use, and I came back with my original receipt (called first- had to be within the first year) and they were replaced at no extra charge- nice guarantee (the salesperson was nice about it, didn't get a rude vibe at all). They've held up pretty well (the replacement pair). The only downside, is I can't use them with every type of shoes like open- toed shoes, usually what I wear during the summer. At the time, this was the original store and have since opened two other locations, one in Summerlin and one in Henderson.   Yes, there are supports available at a cheaper price ($10-$20) at Wal-Mart, but this is one of the things to not scrimp on- but that's just my opinion (just like you come to find out that not all generic brands perform well, sometimes the brand names are superior). I wear my supports quite frequently in the fall, spring, and winter, so it was definitely a good purchase for me.
2 I got myt first pair of orthotics with this place back in 2001. Back then, I felt like a valued client, and they almost had me believe that they were foot specialists or podiatrists. I paid a little over $100 for two pairs. However, I visited the same location yesterday and explained that I could not find my inserts so I bought the shoes instead paying $600 for what I had purchased once a long time ago. Yet the shoes were still $130.00. I specifically asked for slip-resistant shoes and felt like being at a roller rink passing through the kitchen.  I returned this morning, and the male attendant with a feux hawk decided to quote manufacturer's words to me when I tried to return the shoes, or exchange them within 2 sentences of our conversation. So if it wasn't for their overpriced and prescribed inserts not from someone who has a degree in sports medicine, it would be for the careless treatment I received that I am submitting a low but generous score to the only surviving location in Clark County. I should add that female that I initially bought products from yesterday, was polite but said that their products would last 5 to 8 months at best, which is piss poor for $130.00.
2 Ok I went to good feet about 8 years ago.  I knew I was going to pay some money, but, at time I was doing cocktails and if I didn't get something to help my feet, I was going to have to quit!!! I was miserable!!!  After spending 400, I got shoes and the inserts it was like night and day!!  I felt so much better!!!   This time I went, the only location was Sahara.  I told the girl exactly what I wanted, knowing how much they were going to be,  Birdie was the girls name, she was really sweet, she wanted to go through everything again.  She brought out the 3 system that works together,  I knew it would be a lot, but I was shocked when she told me that it would be 830 without the shoes, but since I was a returning customer, she could give me twenty percent off which would bring it to 640???  This is without the shoes, which were &179!!!  When I told her I just wanted the one pair she told me they had care credit and in house financing.  She told me that the 1 pair was $150 and that she would have to check to see if they even had my size!!   She seemed disappointed that I didn't get the whole deal, but, I was not looking to spend a thousand bucks on my feet with the shoes...  The part thAt kinda ticked me off was that the shoes were 179 and she charged me 180,  no huge desk, but a dollar is a dollar, then I had to pay 30 bucks for the cushion that goes in the shoe(they don't tell you thAt)  so everything together was 398!!!   No wander its been so long since I been back!!!!  But I got my shoes and my feet are happy, so that's all that matters!!!!
2 I had heard good things about  the Good Feet system but it did not work for me. I tried it for a month and  the plantar fasciitis  pain still persisted. After I quit using it my foot has gradually gotten better. I have no idea why two insoles would be so ridiculously expensive!  Also, the man that sold to me said he would call back again in two or three weeks... Never did. Quite disappointed!
5 To begin with I've been working on my feet for 14 years straight, so I definitely need a lot of help with my feet, knees, and lower back. I have spent thousands of dollars on inserts and shoes that didn't work out or are too uncomfortable to wear. That's where Good Feet comes into play. I was helped by Malakai, who figured out I have extremely high arches (years of ballet do that to you), so no matter what I wore I never had the support I needed. He was great, very knowledgeable, patient with all my dumb questions helped me even get small narrow ones so I can wear   my heels and be comfortable. He explained everything, was super nice super attentive, and a pretty funny guy too, overall superb customer service, Malakai alone gets 5 stars. As far as the product I don't know what other reviewers were complaining about but let me just say first and foremost after working a 10 hour day MY FEET DON'T HURT! When I come home from work I used to dread walking my dog, now I have an extra bounce and pep in my step! I kid you not! Knee problems? Gone,I swear to God, it's like I never ever had problems with my knees. My back is still problematic but I have to say I have more awareness of my posture and how to hold my body since I've been using good feet. Overall I feel less fatigued, it's amazing actually! For those of you that had bad reviews maybe you didn't see someone that knew what they were doing, go and ask for Malakai, he knows how to fit you properly, so you can have some amazing feeling feet. Shoes are not meant to be worn off the rack you need to get them "tailored" for your feet with the proper support and inserts.
