1 this place is located in the corner of a stripmall on the edge of chinatown. i have driven by for years & seen their huge banner waving offering cheap teriyaki rice bowl specials. after a horrible experience at dq-i was up for some teriyaki chicken & rice. when you go in it a really small diner with 4 or 5 tables , a tv and the counter. the food is already made served buffet style in warmer pans on a steam table. they have 2,3 and 4 item meals & a la carte. the lady ahead of me ordered the last of the orange chicken-apparently they weren't planning on making any fresh after 5 pm. i ordered a 2 item-chicken teriyaki w/rice($4.99) & added a huge bbq rib for $2 they chicken had no kind of any teriyaki flavor but it was very tender & moist. the rice was cooked perfectly but had nothing special to it. the rib was salty tough and was like it was cooked under a heatlamp for 24 hours. the lady running the place asked me 4 times here or to go!! i thought it was rice-to-go and since the tables were dirty, the tv was off and some guy was doing paperwork in the only good bother where exactly are you gonna-for here!! i would not waste your $5 here-the ribs look good & cheap under the lights but they really really suck-everything looked like it had been sitting since at least lunch. and i went at 5 pm
2 Nothing to run home to mom about. Stopped in the other day after driving by this place so many times. A fan of teriyaki bowls and after seeing the $3.49 special sign, I decided to stop in. I'm never one to shy away from hole in the wall food and thought the $4 was worth it. A bit dark when you walk in. There was a guy sitting at a table to the left. When I walked in he got up and went behind the counter and turned on the lights above the food. Looked like they had a decent lunch rush so they must be pretty popular in the area (only know this because the trays were pretty empty and the register had a lot of receipts still attached to it. So I though I may have just stumbled upon something good. Ordered the bowl and he went into the back to fill up the to-go bowl with white rice. He came back out to front trays and topped off my rice with a bunch of teriyaki chicken. Not a bad portion for $3.50. The meat was actually pretty tender and juicy but lacked much flavor. Definately needed more teriyaki sauce. The rice was fine, no complaints. Not a horrible spot, might give it another try and have a combo so I can try the other items they have. I wouldn't recommend going outside of prime hours as the food probably sits. I stopped in around 1:30pm.  I only give 2 stars because nothing stood out about the meal or the place and the guy was grumpy and looked almost pissed off he had to get up to help me. I even left a dollar tip and it looked like it killed him when he mustered up a half-hearted "thank you".
3 Remember it is what it is. Very cheap prices and ok food for the price. Been there twice and it is what it is. If you want lots of food cheap give it a shot.
3 LARGE WAR WON TON SOUP TO GO PLEASE!  jam packed with pork, beef, veggies, chicken and shrimp!  this review is for the WAR WON TON SOUP only!  don't waste your time trying anything else as is mediocre, but they have a bomb war won ton soup in my opinion!  call in ahead otherwise you will be sitting and waiting a good 20 minutes while they make it.   enjoy.
