5 A lot of ladies I know have been trying to find good OBGYNs for a while, so I'm sure there are many more searching as well. So, I present for your consideration Dr. Gatlin.   DISCLAIMER: Dr. Gatlin is a man, so if you're weirded out by a male OBGYN, he is not for you.   First, it's super easy to get an appointment. I've been able to call on a Thursday and book an appointment for Monday. Sometimes, there can be a bit of a wait once you've been deposited in the exam room, but nothing out of the ordinary. Second, Dr. Gatlin seems to have an understanding of how awkward a lady feels during that visit; he makes light small talk and refers to the visit as my "10000 mile checkup", which I find funny :) Third, he's not one to generalize experiences or be alarmist. He wants to work with you and do the best thing for you, even if it might not have worked for someone else. Very solution-based, which I love. He is the only doctor I've seen that hasn't freaked out about how long I've been on my BC and demanded I stop using it immediately. It works for me, he checked for risk factors and then gave me the green light to continue for a period of time. Amazing. Last, exams are quick and easy!  The office staff can be a bit...scatterbrained. But if that's the price I pay for an excellent doctor, no problem!  Tip: There's a Walgreen's in the same parking lot, so filling prescriptions is easy.
5 Dr Gatlin is a wonderful doctor.  I do a lot of research before I go to any physician and I can say that his experience shows in his work.  I started seeing him through a recommendation of a friend over 5 years ago.  He has his resume posted in the office - its pretty impressive.  I have never had to wait more than 5-10 minutes to see him and even when he his running very behind the office will call and let you know that morning so that they can reschedule you that week.  I trust his medical opinion and I would never want to go to anyone else.  I recently moved out of town and I am not looking forward to finding another doctor!
1 Well, I have no idea if Dr. Gatlin is a good doctor or not...I couldn't even get that far.   The reception desk is a complete mess of confusion and chaos!!! I made an appointment, it took 20 minutes, she was new, ok no prob, I get it...not a huge deal, I was patient.  But I had questions and was told I would get a phone call back within two days from a nurse.  Never got one.  So I called back, was told the same thing. Called again, left a message, never got a call back.  I attempted three times to simply get a few questions answered.  How pathetic!  Dr. Gatlin should consider re-staffing because it made him look really bad.   I cancelled my appointment and went elsewhere!  What a waste of time!
2 I didn't really care for this practice from the beginning but decided to continue seeing Dr. Gatlin throughout my pregnancy because it was in an extremely convenient location for me.  The nurse, Karen, can be very rude or she can be really sweet and nice. It depends on the day I guess. They allow you access to your medical record online and I myself spotted an abnormal result they failed to catch. It was something that potentially could have caused complications. I notified Karen and that is the first time she was rude to me. She can be very condescending and she lacks tact. However, next time I went into the office she was sweet as pie.   From my first appointment I brought up my interest in VBAC to Dr. Gatlin who told me we would talk about it when I was closer to my due date. He didn't entertain a conversation about it until it was too late to find another doctor and that is when he informed me that I HAD to have a repeat c-section because hospital policy that the physician must be present at the hospital throughout the entire labor in the event if VBAC.   Overall I never felt my questions were addressed and I felt rushed every appointment. He has an arrogance about him that is unsettling as well.  When I finally had my c-section he told me we would schedule it first thing in the morning so I can possibly have something to eat that afternoon. I had my daughter at 8 am after fasting and he didn't bother to even ok food untill late evening the next day. I called his office and again Karen was very rude. Even the nurses and cafeteria lady felt bad and said most doctors ok regular diet same day if there are no issues.   I will not see this doctor again. I was very upset with my experience with this office and will not settle for convenience next time.
1 Waited an hour as a new patient even when told to come 30 minutes early... About three women were taken back before me. Every station or room I went I waited even longer. And not only that but the nurses were condescending and also a little strange. By the time I saw Dr. Gatlin it had been two hours since I arrived. As a new patient is this how you want me to remember your office?
5 I have been a patient of Dr. Gatlin for the past 6 years.  I have never had to wait more than 10 minutes to see the Doctor.  I find the front office ladies to be very kind and very organized.  Nurse Karen has never been rude to me.  She has called me back every time I have left a message.  Dr. Gatlin is gentle, thoughtful and always makes me laugh.  His concern about health care in general is extremely sincere.  I have never had a problem talking to and understanding the front office ladies.  Dr. Gatlin and his staff has always made me feel very much a part of their "family" and I have never had one bad experience.  Perhaps those who have criticized the doctor and his staff on Yelp are a little to "high maintenance."  This is a busy doctor but takes time with each patient to answer questions and discuss any problems.  If you want a truly caring doctor, please make an appointment to see Dr. Gatlin.  You will find him and the staff to be very pleasant.
