4 My dryer crapped out on me.  A&R came out & said it was a gas valve and the part could be installed the next day.  The part arrived damaged & they had to reschedule.  The repair man worked overtime (until 9:30pm) just to get my dryer fixed for me.  They did not charge me for the part due to the inconvenience.  So...in  three short days they fixed my dryer at minimal cost.  The repair man was friendly, clean, and respectful.  I would recommend them to anyone in need of appliance repairs.
4 We bought a Frigidaire Gallery appliance set and the dish washer started flashing error. RC Willey referred me to A&R to fix it. I was told that they would show up the next day between 9 - 12am and to expect a phone call prior to the technician's arrival. At 10:45 Tom called and said that we needed to replace the control panel. He said it would be ready in 2 days. Two days later I received a call that they would be there between 10-1pm and at 10:45 James showed up and fixed everything in 20 minutes.  Not sure what else you expect. The came when they said, were very polite and did exactly what they said they would do. Not complicated, just simply and easy.   Thank you!
1 No stars, No stars, No stars!!!!! These people are horrible I bought a frigidaire double wall oven that was damaged in the box called frigidaire and they gave me this company for my warranty. I called and argued with the secretary or whoever picked up the phone they were stating that it's not covered when indeed frigidaire Said it is. So called frigidaire again and they called the company to confirm.  After a few days this company came out to look at the unit. The repair man said it would be around 5 weeks to get the parts which I didn't mind.  Three weeks go by and I decide to call the person who answers the phone looks up my info and tells me that the parts are on order and have not come in yet.  Another 2 weeks go by call them again person answer the phone and looks up my info and tells me that frigidaire declined the repair..... Now I'm pissed...  Call frigidaire they look up my info and they do not see any purchase order or any parts that were ordered, so these assholes never submitted my claim.  Why waste my time you morons!!! Just say we can't help you!!! We don't want the business!!!!  Frigidaire gives me another company to call and get this repair done.
3 After two visits they finally fixed the frig....had to use them since I have Old Republic the home warranty company
1 STAY AWAY!!!! BUYER BEWARE!!!! Contacted this company because they were listed as being able to repair Fisher Paykel dishwashers...and because of their reviews on Yelp. Technician came out and diagnosed the issue...told me the parts would probably have to be ordered...and that he'd contact me further to give me a time frame. After a week, I started calling the office # for answers.  Called 3 different times over a 2 week period. Each time, I was told they'd contact the technician and get back to me. Even spoke to a "supervisor" who promised the same thing. Never got back to me! Not even with a "here is the reason for the delay..."  The only reason I didn't rate them even lower is because I was never charged for the initial visit. At least I have that small satisfaction.
1 The technicians were nice but service was horrible. 1 and a half weeks to fix my dryer and 3 visits. There were 2 technicians each had a different diagnosis neither had the proper part. It was pretty amazing at the failure they had. Today is hopefully the day they fix it
5 My fridge was on the fritz in my place in Vegas, and I had to spend a whole week there this time for work, Clint came over promptly and fixed it immediately, I was able to stock it up immediately thanks to them.  Great Service, Reasonable Price, will use again.
