1 Avoid this business.  There are plenty of other Glass Companies on the West Side of Las Vegas who do great work.  Here's my experience:  I've used them for years.  I've brought windows in for repair, and had them come out and install.  However, in the last few years their quality of work and customer service has deteriorated.  I had a Sliding Glass Door installed.  The frame pulled away from the wall, so I had to repair that.  Shortly after that, I had them come out for an estimate on a retro-fit from single to double pane.  They did not offer my wife any selection of frame color (she was naiive and didn't ask) so they picked what they wanted.  I could live with it, but the installers damaged the frame on install day.  I watched them hit it with a rubber mallet to try and bend my new window frame back in to shape.  They didn't know I was watching and got very quiet when I caught them.  I declined install that day.  They stalled for more than a month to "make good" on their failure.  On their word they were going to make a new frame, but instead replaced the bent section.  I cut them a break and approved the install due to my tenant's need for the window.  However, the installers were flippant when I refused the original install, and were patronizing when they came out with the repaired window.  I put that experience aside and tried again with something simple:  screens.  I brought two screens to have re-produced.  With the screens in hand, the measurements should have been exact. But, both sets of screens were made too large to fit the windows.  I compared the new screens in the shop with the old screens I had brought in, something that the shop should have done before calling me to pick them up.  But they didn't!  In addition,  I was told the screens would be ready by a Monday, but they were not ready until the Friday of that week.  Punctuality problem for the second time!   I declined the purchase of the wrongly made screens, grabbed my old screens (which I believe were never used by the sub for comparative measure) and went out to my truck.  The woman from the office came out to offer to "re-cut" the screens, but I declined and let her know that Dan Bradley Glass had lost my business.  I currently own many rental properties in Las Vegas and have a complete retrofit planned for one of the houses.  Dan Bradley has lost that job, in addition to any of the future repairs that property managers inevitably face as part of the cost of renting houses, condos, and townhouses.  I recommend avoiding this business to avoid the frustration with a company that is clearly failing the basic commitment to providing quality work and customer service.
5 After calling and getting estimates from 6 other glass shops, who either could not do it or were extravagantly high priced, I called Dan Bradley glass. Darrel came out to give me the estimate.He was nice and professional. He called me within a day and gave me my quote, which I was ecstatic with. I have been trying to get a window for my balcony for years. The installers did a fantastic job, once again they were prompt and professional. I simply LOVE my window!!!  Thank you Dan Bradley!!! Will definitely be calling again for my other Windows that need replacement. :) It was a small job, but they treated us well and like our business was important to them. The office staff was also exceptional. Thanx guys for everything!
