2 Everytime I eat at pizza hut/wingstreet I'm always disappointed. I mean how do they make a great personal pan pizza but everytime the large is undercooked and flavorless.  The wings are nothing special-they charge extra for ranch etc.  Way to pricy for realitively crappy pizza.$20 for pizza & wings
1 Unbelievable. How the heck do you run out of crushed peppers and parmesan cheese?  I should've run back in and grabbed a whole roll of those Bounty-like paper towels. Would've served them right.
1 The worst pizza I have ever experienced. And to go along with that I had to wait forever to have that experience. NEVER again. No Way, No how.
3 This is probably the closest Pizza Hut to my work place!  Can't lose to order 2 large take-out to munch on at work.  I made my order online to be fast since I'm on a crunch for lunch.  Made my way there and my pizzas were ready.  I noticed that this location was an actual sit down Pizza Hut.  Soft drink machines and plenty of space.  I would assume that it would be great for after little league games and events like that.    Service was friendly, she gave me a bag for the plates and condiments I asked for.  Also popped each box open so I could be sure that the order was correct.  I ordered one pep, sausage, olive; one bacon, ham, pep.  Both were wonderful, toppings were evenly spread apart and adequate.    I'll def come back once my coworker and I get the craving for pizza again.  Always nice to save a few bucks to fill up 3 guys.
1 I was very upset with the quailty of the pizza i got from this location, i got 2 large pizzas they were both very undercooked i coulda rolled the pizza up like a burrito it was soggy,after a debate with the tough guy at the register he agreed to put the pizzas back in the oven. they were still not right it ruined my whole day. i would not recommend this location to anyone.
4 Despite all of the negative reviews on this particular location, I actually didn't find any of it true. Pizza was really good, surprisingly even better than the one by my house . Service was friendly. Will come here again! :)
5 Management has changed and over the last couple of months it has become A-mazing!! Service is super nice and it actually looks cleaner than it used to be, it takes less than 15 minutes to make a pizza out of scratch and wings only take 10 minutes, there's also pasta, dessert, and drinks. It has a great family friendly feel and it feels a lot like a restuarant!
