3 Always Fast & friendly. Still the same standard issue fast food chinese with my favorites being the orange chicken & crispy beef add a little rice & noodles some wontons and Im good to go. Always a check option to the drive-thru. But remember you will be hungry in an hour.
3 I go here about once a week on the way to the gym.  They are quick and the food is fresh.  I always say when you can get food to fill you up and a drink for less than $10 you have to love it!  I like the chicken with asparagus and mandarin chicken and YES i want the sauce and YES put it on my steamed rice thanks!
3 There are some places that I order the same thing 99% of the time...and this is one of them.  I always get the 3 item combo with:  Fried Rice/Chow Mein Orange Chicken Sweet & Sour Chicken Beef & Broccoli  This location is solid....fresh ingredients and quick service.  Will I return?  When I need a quick Chinese fix...sure.
4 It's your standard Panda Express. This one is at least busy most of the time so the entrees seem to always be fresh and haven't been sitting in the warming tray for hours. The staff always seems to be friendly and the place is clean.
4 Friendly employees, fast service, and a spacious store make this location stand out among the Panda Express locations I have been to around town. An employee is constantly cleaning the dining area as well so everything is always clean. The food is fresh and consistent with other Panda Express stores, and the warming trays are usually fairly full. I have never seen any trays run out because they usually yell back to the kitchen if something is starting to run low. This location gets busy, but there is never too long a line when I'm here, even during lunch rush.
4 I'm usually disappointed in these fast food Chinese establishments but no this time! The food was excellent! I ordered a family size meal for about $32 for my students. This includes 3 takeout boxes of chow mein or fried rice (or both) and 3 entrees. We had the chow mein with Kung pao chicken, beef broccoli, and orange chicken. Yuummm!  Everything tasted fresh off the wok and the staff was super friendly. No complaints from me everything was wonderful!
5 I'm not from a place that has panda express, but this is delicious. This location is super quick and friendly. I would always get lunch here in my short 30 minutes that I had. The food was always great and fresh. I usually get the chow mein with orange chicken and sweet fire. The new Teriyaki chicken is to die for.
