5 Love them! We did some serious shopping around for my engagement ring and decided to end up having one custom made. The custom setting was much cheaper than just buying a setting from any of the other jewelers in town.. and they really aimed to please! They made 3 wax casts to make sure they really got it right, and they were happy to make some minor tweaks (free of course) that we requested after the ring was done.   Joanie is a sweetheart, and really knows her stuff! She was so patient and 100% not pushy! They never tried to upsell us.. in fact they talked us into going with some cheaper options and tried to find ways to save us money.   Oh and lastly, the owner is a Vegas institution. He made all the jewelery for the movie Casino.. and has made jewelery for Elvis and now makes all those big trophy belts from the boxing matches. His walls are covered with celebrity fans. Definitely a place full of Vegas history.. I couldn't think of a better place to buy a special piece of jewelery.
4 1. This place is super fun to look around.  The jewelry is of course gorgeous.  There are hundreds of pictures of Mordechai, the owner, with celebrities that he has created pieces for.  The best is a copy of a check from Elvis that has "Rings for Elvis" as the memo line.  I found that so hilarious when I saw it.  2. The prices at this place are great.  I've gotten my wedding set polished and rhodium plated here for $50.  When I shopped around for rhodium plating at some of the jewelry stores you find in the mall, they quoted me $65 to $80 A PIECE and had to ship it out.  The Jewelers did both pieces for $50 right in the store and it took about 10 minutes.  I recommended them to a friend and she's actually gone there three times now to fix her jewelry because their prices are so great.  Worth the drive down there!  They're honest people at The Jewelers and love what they do!
5 I recently had many pieces of old jewelry melted down and reset into a necklace and a ring. The Jewelers were awesome to work with. I live in California and they were very accommodating with sending me photos and the waxes to ensure I liked the setting prior to it being cast. They were WAY more affordable than any place I spoke with in California and worked quickly on my pieces. Additionally, they bought back my left over materials (gold, diamonds, etc.) that I didn't need in the new setting. I have found myself a new jeweler and it makes no difference to me that they are in a different state. Thank you, Joanie for being so wonderful!
3 Price for resizing was very fair.  Their certificate of value for mounted diamonds was high.  Value determined was actually insurance value.  Keep in mind this is a big difference from actual value.  Friendly staff, not pushy.  However, much of the diamonds were overpriced nor did they seem willing to negotiate.  My visit was over a year ago.  NOTE:    The 09/09/2010 post from "Jennifer B." stated that "The Jewelers" did not identify the clarity of her diamond correctly.    By industry oversight, if not by law, no jeweler is required to be spot on...only within a one or two grades of the "actual" clarity.  And  remember, diamond grading is part art part science, so as long as a jeweler is close there is no crime to be "off" in this respect.  There are several certificates you can get from several recognized labs for the SAME diamond that result in different grading. It's the way the industry is.  Same with appraisals on homes or any other object such as a car.  What you feel it to be worth is not likely what the next prospective buyer may think.  Further, an appraisers declared "value" is only an estimate not carved in stone.
5 Mordechai at the jewelers is absolutely the best. My neighbor Georgie just took her gold Rolex in to be repaired because She fell and just smashed it and it looks brand-new. I highly recommend the jewelers!!!
5 Have purchased several pieces here and have been very pleased.  Their prices are fantastic.  And the quality is second to none.  Ask for Mordechai!!!
5 Just picked up an ultra thin anniversary band to match a previous purchase.  Pricey, beautiful pieces at reasonable prices.  Lovely, friendly staff.  In an out of the way spot off of I-15, but easily directed by phone gps.  Like this shop very much.  Ask for Joanie.
