5 They may not be quick to answer the phone but I can assure you that you'll always be happy with the finished product. I've brought 3 cars in for 3 different things and I'm always blown away at their quick and professional attention to detail. Not to mention the owner Joel is a Mercedes guy so we always talk cars when he's around. Good crew, great work. What more could you ask for?
5 The owner took care of me!
4 The employees and owner here are very skilled at what they do. Santiago is the best man to do tint, and the sales reps will do anything that can to help you with you custom auto needs. I do recommend!
2 Friendly staff and quick service for auto tinting, but wow quality was so bad. Film was wrinkled in a couple spots, bubbles galore, and don't expect them to tint to the window edge. I swear there is a 1/8" and close 3/16" on some edges. Of course, I didn't discover the edge issue for 4 days after the job was done (due to instruction not to open the windows until after a week).  Well, for $150, what can you expect?  On the other hand, I've seen $150 jobs that were flawless.  It's probably just an inexperienced tinter.  So, if you want your "baby" tinted, I'd take it elsewhere.
5 First impression was wow, look at all of the rims they have in stock!! Then when I got to the counter it was easy to see that they do everything: lights, grills, alarms, tints, performance parts, lowering, full paint, interiors, full customs and restores etc. You name it, they can probably do it. The staff at KAO is great, very knowledgeable and friendly. Just by looking at their own rides you can tell they know their stuff. Phoo was really helpful, he listened to what I wanted, and didn't try to sell something I didn't want.  Thanks KAO, you guys rock!
1 Well where do I start. They will sell you a set of rims for a car that comes with staggered wheels from the factory (wider in rear) and even though the bolt pattern is the same )as they stock tons of multi hole wheels) but offsets and widths are not specific to vehicle and will put them on anyway. Having the wheels stick inside the wheel well. They can care less about customer service, its just in n out and take your money. Oh and can I tell you that they have burnt oh just about every bridge with the local wholesalers where they purchase products from due to NOT paying them and giving them a check that bounces. What a shady way of doing business. This shop and the owner Joel are simply some shady and crooked people to work with. NEVER NEVER do business with them, I know I won't. And given the research I have performed and people I spoke to, I'm in line with ALOT of people that share my same point of view... BEWARE!!!!
1 I bought Alesio rims and tires from them a years ago.  I drove by this place a week ago and couldn't believe they were still in business.  My purchase was supposed to be for chrome wheels and instead I had received polished, even though the invoice stated otherwise.  When the product finally did arrive and I brought the car in to have the new items put on they had run out of tires and it was chaotic in the store.  I also noticed the rims were not chrome.  When I voiced my concern they said I would have to speak to the owner.  The owner eventually did call weeks later and said I didn't pay for chrome and there was nothing he could do.  The experience til this day has still left a bad taste in my mouth and could never recommend.
