3 This is an interesting place - a bit of a foreign experience for me.  The place is moderately-sized and seems to attract health-conscious people looking for alternative cures, and other little things.  There are lots of interesting items to look at, like individual bags of herbal remedies, boxes of incense, barrels of ginseng, and more.  I almost bought a herbal tea mixture but was turned off by the dried up roach carcasses that made up part of the recipe (so glad I looked first).  I'd definitely come back here out of curiosity, but I will not be buying any dead bugs.
3 What ails you? Do you have a stomachache? Herbal medicines could be an option for that. For centuries, the eastern world has turned to natural remedies to cure all forms of sickness. If you are a naturalist looking to find Asian style medicine than this is the place for you.  T &T carries the commonly used barks, twigs, roots, and leaves. I tend to come here with my mom when we are looking for items to make a medicinal chicken soup. Yes, medicinal is not a common adjective for tasty, but it is both healthy and delicious. Looking around there are many different items spanning the various Asian countries they come from. Constipation? Fixed with a tea. Impudent? Fixed with some herbs. Aching? No problem, there are patches for that. The chili ones are great to relieve that extra tension in the back. For added aid, heat them over a fire and quickly place onto the aching surface for extra soothing benefits.  The prices of some items are crazy, but they do carry a large selection year round. I love me some moon cakes and they do have stacks of them around even when it is not the season.   The workers speak Chinese and Vietnamese. Not sure about the English, but they seemed well rounded.
3 I take my mom here to pick up herbs and medicine for my grandpa. This place is like any other Chinese herbal medicine shop. There is one older gentleman that works here who needs to take a class on customer service...
1 I stopped here for some green tea and the employee kept looking at me like I was going to steal something. I asked for assistance and she spoke to me in her language. WOW. Lesson learned, I will stick with my normal places. Rude Rude Rude. I will not be back.
4 I've been here several times when I'm in Las Vegas............ I mostly come here, because my mom & dad like some of the herbs that this store sells.  This store is your typical basic "eastern alternative medicine store"..........herbs they sell here are no different than any other eastern medicine stores. Herbs which Asian people have been using for 100's of years...........  One of the items that my dad likes to buy is the pre-made "herbal soup mix". He likes it because all the ingredients are already mixed into one bag, so he doesn't have to look for all the items separately to make the soup. Real cheap, and very easy to use too............  Another item he likes to get is the medicinal plaster, & oils to use for his sometimes sore back.  The staff mostly speak Vietnamese & Chinese.......not the friendliest, but hey............ what do you expect from "FOB" people.......Lol!!! We don't come here for customer service, we just come here for the great deals!  I was quite surprised at how many different ethnicity of people who come here...........it's not just for Asians!
5 Great shop Chinese herbs, etc. They have dried abalone and will slice it for you.  Abalone is expensive,  but worth it. Owner is very helpful and answered all of our questions. Will be back!!
3 If you're in the mood for sea cucumber, a concoction of tea made out of ginseng and some unknown substance, along with dried mushrooms and plums, this is your place.  They have everything you're looking for when you live outside of Asia and need a hard to find ingredient.  From sharks fins to fungus, they have what you need.
3 YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(137/365) "Tea Time"  I come here pretty much for their tea selections, Especially when cold and flu season hit, you definitely want to have their Cold & Flu Tea on hand. Right when you begin to feel that scratchy throat, that's the time to start pounding a few cups with honey and lemon.  T&T also carries some snacks, and other items for aches, pains, and even beauty, but it is upfront where the medicine man is that he'll concoct a combination of ingredients from the jars and drawers of herbs, roots, and other stuff they have been using for ages to cure whatever ailment you may have.   It's a plus if you are fluent in Chinese, and don't expect service with a smile here. Just get in, get out, and get on with your life.  ALOHA!!!  Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  3
3 Holy wall of Tea, Batman!  I bookmarked this place after reading Nelson Q's review...I LOVE tea.  One might say I am a tea junkie, in fact.  Saturday, on our way to look for some seafood, my fella pulls in and parks next to this store!  I was so happy. "I have this bookmarked on Yelp!"  Mr. Smarty Pants says "I know, that's why we're here!"  (I love my fella.  I do.)  So we walk in, and I am just overwhelmed.  SO MUCH TEA!  Lots of other things, too, roots, etc, but I had a one track mind.  There is a huge selection of different teas, green, black, herbal, diet, etc.    I didn't pick anything up this time, but I have plans to go back soon, to see if they can mix something up for me to help with some of the chronic abdominal pain I have.  I'm also going to pick up a million boxes of tea while I'm there. :)
