5 I Recently Bought a 2005 infinity at charlie's, i was really surprised that they actually Financed me without any problems, the Sales manager yogi was really kind and know what "good service is all about", took me for a test drive, showed me the "CARFAX" and even offered me a Dealer Warranty which in my understanding did not exist for used cars... so, all i can say is well done guys, and i hope that you will continue this way. from my end, definitely going to buy my next car at Charlie's.
1 I got a call from my girlfriend that her rental car had a flat so I told her to call Charlie Cheap Car & have them service it. Imagine my shock when they told her to put the spare on herself and call 2 days later because they were closed. When I finally got to Vegas a week later she still had the spare on & when we tried to return the car on a Monday, President's Day, they said no because again they were closed. What type of human tells a woman, much less a paying customer to do it herself? If you expect ANY level of customer service, go elsewhere. I cannot wait to get rid of this POS with 105,000 miles on it & tell them they suck tomorrow.
1 Terrible dealership, pretty much get what you pay for here. Sold me a 2003 Honda accord with a bad transmission for 6800. The engine light came on two days after driving the car. Called the dealership and asked them to repair it, and they referred me to their shady mechanic. I thought dealerships were required to sell cars that passed inspection tests from the State. DONT BY A CAR HERE UNLESS YOU PLAN ON SPENDING SOME SERIOUS MONEY TO FIX THE CAR.
5 my girlfriend needed a used car and was a bit concerned to buy in craigslist ,  money is a but tight , and her credit wasn't the best... we were helped by a very nice sales rep his name was yogi he was smiling and very helpful he took the time to check the cars until she found something in her taste and budget.  all the guys were very helpful and  she was so happy:} with the extended warranty like she wanted  thank you yogi, and todd
5 Wow this place is amazing! I was a little skeptical at first because of the name " Charlie cheap car" but after two of my best friends bought their car from them, they highly recommended me to go because of their great service. I looked around at other major dealerships and after waiting 15 min. for someone to greet me, I was later told that they couldn't approve me because of my poor credit. I went to Charlie cheap car and was immediately greeted by a really nice and informative sales person. After about 1 hr. I was driving off the lot with my new 2006 convertible BMW
5 I've always dreaded the search for a new (used) car. Service usually stinks and my credit isn't the best, so it's always such a hassle.   I finally found Charlie Cheap Car, and they made the entire process super-easy! The customer service was fantastic and my credit problems were no problem for them at all.  Thanks for such an amazing experience and an even more amazing car!
5 This place is the best!!! If I could rate this higher I would give it 100 stars! I recently needed to buy a new used car because the transmission went out on my car and I couldn't afford to get it fixed. I was really stressed because I was on an extremely tight budget and knew I couldn't afford anything too expensive. After asking around, I heard great things about this place. I went and talked to the sales associates and explained my situation. They assured me that they could work with me and my situation. Not only did they let me trade in my old car but they offered me a GREAT price for it!!! I picked out the car I wanted and was a little worried about my credit but they were able to finance me for the rest with low monthly payments. I even got the 3 months free warranty in case something like that were to happen again. I am so happy I found this place!!!!
5 Charlie cheap car is the best dealership for all of your car buying needs. At first I was a bit skeptical but the friendly staff listened to everything I had to say and helped me find the right car to fit my needs. Ask for Toper he will help you find a car and fight to get you the best price. AMAZING customer service and a GREAT warranty as well.
