1 I would think twice before even wasting your time getting an estimate with this company. Difficult would be how I describe the experience. After having to schedule them twice to get an estimate, I still wasn't contacted with the estimate. I called and their supervisor told me he would contact me by the end of the day. A week later, still no call.   I tried to contact the owner to tell him. (If it were my business I would want to know but maybe he has so MUCH work he doesn't have time to replace an estimated $600-700 job), He would not take the call. Unbelievable! I thought businesses needed just a little customer service o be successful. Apparently, I was wrong. But, it does explain why his employees have not regard for potential customers and follow through. The owner doesn't either.  I guess they did me a favor. I am sure that if I used this company it would have been nothing but frustration.
4 My shower surround is gorgeous!!!
5 We are from Wyoming and have 5 rentals in Summerlin, Las Vegas NV.  The experience we had was great and would reccomend them to anyone.  We will use them for all work on our house rentals.  Ann Michaels
5 Neighborhood kids shattered my sliding glass door with a BB gun over the weekend. Brian got his guys out to do an estimate, ordered the glass, and got it installed for me post haste.
1 I used Kelly's Glass a couple of years ago for a repair and was pleased.  Not sure what is going on there now.  I called early on a Wednesday morning and explained the repair I needed.  Was told the "residential" person would be in at 9am and would call me.  Waited all day and didn't hear anything.  Called again late afternoon Wednesday to make sure they still had me on their list.  Was told yes, the "residential" person would be in at 9am the following day and would call me.  Waited again all day, no call back from Kelly's.  Gave up and called another company on Friday, which sent someone out first thing on Monday.  Still haven't heard back from Kelly's!  Don't know what the story is with this company.  They apparently don't need any new business!
5 While visiting my elderly parents  a heavy glass table top broke.  I called Kelly's glass. They were wonderful!  They came out and measured for the table and delivered the glass to me.  Had I been at home I would have loaded the table into the Jeep and taken it to them.  But since my parents have a small economy car I wasn't able to fit the table or the completed glass into the car.  I had called a couple other companies and they would not come out to measure a table top.  I greatly appreciated the service I received from Rick, James and installer Chris. Also the price was very reasonable.  I highly recommend Kelly Glass and Mirror.
