1 Do I have "SUCKER" stamped on my forehead?  I didn't think so.  So quit treating me like that rubber vag in the drawer next to your bed you skinny little failed-out-of-car-salesman-school queef.  The other day I noticed a screw in my tire.  Hadn't busted a flat yet, so I high-tailed it to the nearest tire place (Ted Wiens) to have them look at it and patch it or whatever needed to be done.  The  guy says, "Ma'am I hate to tell you this, but that screw is so badly embedded in your tire, we're going to have to replace the whole thing.  More bad news as well.  All of your tires are balding and need to be replaced."  Ok.  Number one, I just bought this car.  Number two, it only had 10K miles on it, so I highly doubt it needs new tires already.  Number three, I KNOW WHAT A BALD TIRE LOOKS LIKE.  And that ain't it.    So I snatched my keys out of the assclown's hand and take the car down the street to Big O Tires.  Friendly fellow walks up to me and lets me explain what the problem is.  He takes the car around to the back of the garage.  Gets out of the car.  Squints at the tire.  Does something to the tire.  Gets back in the car and drives straight through the garage back to me.  "Here ya go ma'am."  I look in my hand, and there's the screw.  Look at the tire.  It's fine.  Look at him.  He says, "Oh, no big deal, it was just stuck in the tread at a weird angle so it looked like it was in your tire.  Here look.  (He had chalked where the screw was so I could see it).  No marks!  You got lucky!"  So I say to him, "Just out of curiosity, what do you think about the condition of the other three tires?"    He told me he thought they were perfectly fine.      This is why I don't own a gun.  Grrrr.
1 And yet another negative report.  These guys, lemme tell ya... The only reason why I even used this service was that they were across the street from my work place. They get the one star for convenience.  But the fellow there had me in line already and just because a couple of others had completed their service, he told me, "Let me take care of these guys first."  I had come in for an oil change, and I asked if there was an extra charge for rotating tires. They said no. I asked them how long, they said maybe an hour. So, I indicated to them to call me when it is done. 3 hrs later, I called them to find out if it was done yet. They put me on hold for 4 minutes. They told me it would be ready when I get there.  So, I went back and stood behind one other guy, and made eye contact with the same guy who prepared my order earlier. He left the counter area to find out what was going on. He returned and said, "Give me a minute, lemme just take care of this guy." So, I had to wait again.  When he got my keys for me, he added, "Oh, they forgot to rotate your tires."  So, to summarize: they are slow with oil changes(3 hrs), they are inconsistent with who gets helped first (they selectively choose who gets helpe first rather than who's in line), they lie about how fast they can do something (they said 1 hr), and they don't do everything they promised to do (didn't do the tire rotation). I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.
3 I stopped by Ted Wiens by chance as their sign mentioned fixing "Check Engine" lights and it was time to renew my registration - and you can't pass smog with your "Check Engine" light on.   The guys were friendly, and while there was a bit of a wait to find out what was wrong with my car, my particular mechanic gave me a ride to work from the shop twice so I could get it fixed and not miss work. I don't know if every mechanic shop does that, but it was really appreciated. I liked the shop enough to bring my car back once it started to overheat a couple months later, and the turnaround time for fixing it was surprisingly fast - I was told it'd be ready by early afternoon the next day, and it was done by 9 a.m.    With any car repairs, no matter the shop, I always assume it's going to cost me a lot of money. I gave this location four stars until I went back to have my AC looked at, and they said it would cost $1,300 to fix. My dad's mechanic friend put freon into the system instead for $60, and it's held so far. That definitely changed my opinion on the shop, and made me downgrade them to three stars. I'd come back, but now I'd maybe get a second opinion before committing to service.
1 My family had a 3 days new year vacation at Las Vegas. My car was running along fine from  San Diego to Las Vegas, but I noticed that the car started to overheat at The Strip during the heavy traffic jam at the Treasure Island Casino streets. I stopped my car on the roadside for about 15 minutes to have the engine cool down a bit as I drove from one casino to another all night long. The following day, we drove over an hour to Valley of Fire State Park to have at look the park with car running fine. And in the third day, my wife suggested to have the car checked by the auto repair shop for safety hazards before we drove home because I have a small child on board.  We stopped at TED WIENS Auto Repair shop next to Chinatown for repair. The service guy told me that I needed to do a complete electronic diagnosis which cost $100, then I was told about  20 minutes later that the car needed to have the water pump and fan clutch replaced which priced at  $1000 including parts and labor and timed at 4 to 5 hours. I agreed to let them to do the job while my family could visit Chinatown. My family came back after a few hours to the car shop while I periodically checked in to see the progress, but I noticed the repair man was shining a flash light in my car and nothing more. After the five hours, the repairmen said my car was done and they needed to take the car for a test drive. But actually they didn't do anything except having the car sit in the garage until the shop closed at 5 o'clock. Then they told me the water pump and fan clutch job was done but the car had another problem and wasn't running at all! They requested me to pay extra money to fix the car if I wanted the car engine running at all when it was running fine in the morning besides the overheating problem. They claimed to have ordered a new crank sensor for my car since it was a new problem right away since their shop was closing very soon. I had no choice to pay an extra $170 for this problem as they said they did me a favor. After this ordeal, the problem wasn't fix as my "check engine light" remained on after they said they replaced the crank sensor yet the "check engine light" remained on... Again they told me that the car still has problems which made the check engine light remain on and was not cover for what I just paid for. They said they didn't know the problem yet and that the car may need a major tune up or some other repair until the check engine light would turn off.  I realized I was trapped in a dangerous situation and told my wife we better to go as soon as possible to avoid any more problems coming. Finally I had to pay more than $1200 to have my car back with the check engine light still on... Thank God my family could drive back to San Diego at midnight safely. As I talked to the  local auto mechanics and friends in San Diego, I was told that I paid too much extra money for the job because it seemed impossible to a car need major fix can carry 5 persons with a lot of personal items on board running from Las Vegas to Valley of Fire totaling over 100 miles without problems. I advocate another repair shop as I truly felt cheated and not the integrity I look for in people.
1 Terrible service, terrible attitudes. I was here 3 hours until they final told me my company didn't approve the service. They simply let me sit there and wait while they kept trying to argue with the company. Unbeknownst to me the had known the whole time it wasn't going to be approved they just figured they'd try anyway. Absolutely horrific experience.
