1 Horrible customer service! I was basically ignored for 10 minutes while I looked around, it's a small store, by some simpleton, butterfly knife spinning, white trash dipshit behind the counter until I asked to look at some Benchmade knives. He never asked me any questions as to how I was doing, if he could help with a knife purchase, anything! I will never go back to this store and will suggest that no one I know does. They actually had the knife I wanted but because the customer service was so horrible I'll be ordering off of the internet instead.
2 The service here can be pretty darn bad.  I used to come here while I was working as a cook to get little things I was simply too impatient to wait to be delivered. This place IS more expensive than ordering online and they know it. One guy is actually kinda nice and tries to make up for it by throwing in free paring knives and knife sleeves.  Also, never ever ever take your knives here to be sharpened. It's terrible. I really don't know how to use a tri-stone that well but holy shit I can do better than what I've received back from them.  This place is good for being able to see the knife you want and being able to hold it. Once you figure out what you want order it on Amazon.
1 I try to support small businesses when I can. This place is overpriced compared to the internet... but you get to hold the knives before purchase which would be good except for the following....  Whatever you do don't let them sharpen your knives...   I left a Benchmade 553 tanto and got back a spey point (look it up).  As he was giving me back my knife he was carrying on some tirade about how tanto grinds are fake "americanized" and B*S* popularized by cold steel blah blah blah. I looked at my knife and said "What is this?" His response was actually "So did I F* up your knife enough?" I can only imagine he sharpened my blade drunk.  So basically if you want to pay too much or have one of your personal knives trashed this is the best store in town.
3 The other reviewers are correct in saying that if you are looking for bargain basement prices, this isn't the place to go.  They do have a nice selection of stock, though.  Unlike the other reviewers, I didn't have any problems with the staff.  They seem quite knowledgeable.   They also didn't seem to want to push any crap or junk onto me.  In fact, the salesman I dealt with actually told me not to buy several things.  And he has done this on more than one visit.  The woman who I am pretty sure owns the place has always been polite and helpful when dealing with me, too.  I should add the place is a little unorganized with merchandise kind of all over the place, but that didn't really bother me.  The salesman knew where the knives I asked for were.  For me, the only serious downside is their pricing.  But, a lot of knives seem to be going for pretty much the same street price where ever you go, so why not go here?
4 Very interesting owner with a lot of history. Stop in and look around, there is a vast selection.
4 I thought this place was great! The service wasn't horrible at all- although I could tell they definitely keep a watchful eye for shoplifters, which could feel insulting. But hey, you gotta do what you gotta do!  I went in here on a whim and just to kill some time, and walked out having found two perfect keychains that I would never have thought they would carry. The (I think) owner was pretty warm and helpful and even recommended another local business to me.  There are tons of products in this store! It can be a little overwhelming, but you'll more than likely find what you're looking for.
3 This place is an assortment of the Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.  THE GOOD: To get to the point, they have a comprehensive selection of most everything currently put out by Benchmade, Spyderco, all the top brands, and even have some really fine customs. You can find knives by Pat Crawford and Todd Kopp. They have Randall made knives without the six month wait list. They do minor repairs and have countless cheapy knives and countless fine knives and everything in between.   THE BAD: Expect to pay high retail. On occasion you can spot a deal or they'll throw in some freebies, but you pay way over what you might get these blades for online. Be prepared for your head to swim looking at the thousands of knives piled one on top the other ( though this is also a good thing if you want to handle and check out a model before ordering online ).  THE UGLY: I don't have thousands to spend on their vast selection. Dangit anyhow.  Alas, I can't vouch for their sharpening skills as I haven't utilized them for this purpose. And their staff can be a bit crusty, but I've never had them not be friendly and very knowledgeable. They are a Vegas institution going on 30 years in the biz and can also order knives if you can't find any on the shelves that scream to be taken home.  Bottom line is that they know their stuff and sell there knives dearly. As for the selection of knives, they're like potato chips, betcha can't eat ( buy ) just one.
5 Very nice and knowledgeable workers. No complaints. I definitely will visit when in vegas again.
5 I have purchased 2 benchmade knives from here already this week. Great store with a huge selection. You can find most of these products a bit cheaper online but you get to handle the items here and I like supporting local business. Staff is friendly and they have a lot of hard to find knives that you won't find in any other store in vegas.
