5 They have been in business for years. Given me help every time and if you have a classic beetle or a vw dune buggy theseguyshavethe partstohelp you succeed. Big thanks!
5 If you need VW parts u found the right place...Friendly Folks and i enjoy buying coming here and buying parts..
1 I dont like to give bad reviews but I've had enough.  First would like to say they do have a big selection of vw parts. The only thing that sucks is it is all empi or cheap quality products. Almost everything I bought from there is garbage and have had to replace it in the immediate future. Trust me just buy the part from an online store. Now why I'm writing this review, bad experiences. I needed a brake light switch. Went to offroad Bob agrued with me about which one I needed. 67 is a lovely year. He insisted I take the wrong one. Maybe I had it wrong and he knew a lil more. Wrong. The old man was wrong and hassled me on the exhange. Bob also wouldnt sell me carberator jets when I was restoring my carb. He also sold me the wrong tie rods, again because he thinks he knows everything and wont listen to what YOU need/want to buy. Went in yesterday for a headlight switch. Showed me two different switches and neither looked like the one I needed, one looked like my emergency flasher so I said something only for him to tell me 67 dont have flashers and my car isnt a true 67. Wow insult your customer. This guy knows nothing. Emergency flasher came out in 66. Don't buy parts from someone who doesnt know anything about the cars. Dont know how many times he gave me the wrong parts. Plus his attitude sucks. Makes you feel bad spending money there. If you need something right away I would check out butches before offroad. Bad service little vw knowledge and cheap parts.  Dont waste your time and money.
2 Diffently more of an offroad shop then a vw shop. The folks are nice, but be weary of the information and advice you get. Better know your stuff before you go in. They've talked me into buying wrong parts a few times but they will exchange it. A lot of my friends and I've stopped using them just based on their poor customer service and lack of knowledge. Diffently worth a look though. Always good to have a local shop around.
