1 Hmmm what can I say... I looked at the website and it seemed super nice. I wasn't expecting a 5 star place, but this was horrid.   I went to wash 1 comforter and was sooo glad I didn't have to go back! The place is in a shopping center, a little hard to spot. It is big, but the inside was filthy. After getting detergant on my hands I walked into the bathroom and almost puked in my mouth! It smelled TERRIBLE. I won't tell you of what but it rhymes with tree. I sat down and seen a cockroach run across the floor, I kinda brushed it off... then I see 4! They were like a small family! Any-who, the dryer took forever and I just wanted to leave. I will def not return here, I felt like I needed to shower in bleach after.
3 Alas, I broke our washing machine at home by putting two blankets in it so I had to resort to going to a laundomat. This place is conveniently located in Chinatown so the hubby and I grabbed some boba tea and snacks before our sudsy date on a Saturday night.  As soon as we walked in, the worker greeted us and asked if we needed help. He explained the difference between the different washing machines and was very friendly.   The place is clean and the worker was wiping down any spilled detergent on the machines. There is a seating area but the tables are way too far and too high. Arcade games are available in the back but I'm not sure if there's free wifi. Dry cleaning and alteration service are also available.   Based on the other review on this place, I was scared to use the restroom but I really had to go. To my surprise it was clean although it lacked seat covers and paper towels. Overall this was as decent as laundromats  get. I'd come back.
4 Laundromats.  One shouldn't expect big screen tv's, plush leather seating and bottle service even if it is located in Las Vegas, but Wash Tub Laundromat fits the bill when you are from out of town and your clothing needs to be cleaned.  Greeted by a friendly gent who managed the front counter, he provided an overview of the facility, which includes washers of multiple load sizes, as well as a review of the dryer costs and dry times.  Having an attendant provides some additional sense of "security" while other patrons are mouthing off about starting a fight with other family members.  Video games, candy and soda machines help whittle the time away.
5 Under new management and ownership as of November 2011.....  As visitors for 14 days from Canada, we needed a place to do some laundry in Las Vegas. Again depending on the internet for help, we discovered the "Wash Tub Laundromat" and several current, positive reviews.   So we entered the address on the G.P.S., and away we went. Upon arriving Sunday morning, we were greeted immediately upon entering by "Milton" the friendly manager. We had not used a laundry mat for many years.   The commercial front load machines in 3 sizes were sort of initmidating at first however, Milton walked right over and suggested the best value size machine for our requirements, assisted us to get started and watched over things while we left for a 30 minute coffee break.   Upon returning, we tossed our clothes in the dryer, and after 30 minutes, we were on our way!  What a pleasant experience within a city of a questionable reputation.  We do recommend using the laundry mat machines before 10:00 on weekends to avoid the busy time of day.  Keep up the good work "Milton"....... (tried to refuse our $2 gratuity)
4 I haven't gone to a laundromat in 15 years, but we have a big, white, down alternative comforter that I just can't fit in my washer at home...so, I came to this laundromat as it is the closest to my home.  It's not spectacular...just a normal laundromat as far as cleanliness and entertainment go, but my comforter came out of the washer looking absolutely sparkly white and brand new! The wash and dry cycles are pretty short and, above all, the service was outstanding!!!  They were very watchful for any way they could be of assistance and did not hesitate to lend a hand, whether it was to show me which washer to use, how to operate it properly, or just to hold one end of my sparkly clean comforter so it wouldn't drag on the floor.  I would recommend for them to put a TV in there and maybe a few magazines for other customers, but I will definitely come back for any of my future laundry needs.
4 I've done my laundry at least 2 or 3 times now at Wash Tub and have had no problems.  Plenty of machines, an attendant that will break bills, and a coin dispenser.  However, there's no wifi here which seems utterly ridiculous in this day.  And not much to do in this parking lot while you're waiting, though there IS a video poker bar or two.
5 the lady who watch the shop was super nice and friendly to me when i ran out of detergent.
1 The owner runs this joint with an iron fist and if you cross paths with him you'll feel like you in a North Korean labor camp :) It is fun to watch him on small doses The place is nice and clean and above all you feel safe inside .. Wifi is pretty solid also  update, I've been here on few other occasions to wash my bed stuff and homeless are always around some wash in the bathroom and while the owner chases them away its not safe .. i will find a better one for the future
