1 This buffet has ok tasting food until one frightfull day when my friend and I went there for lunch and the entire place was being invaded by cockroaches the size of a Bull Mastiff.  The entry inside the restaurant was full of their dead bodies.  The inside was never very clean looking and I often questioned the looks of the kitchen.   Needless to say, I've never been back nor did my appetite get restored that day.  It made me wonder if I was a star on that show "Bizzare Foods with Andrew Zimmern".  God help me.  The staff was never very friendly or clean looking and the carpet was full of grease stains and if you weren't carefull, you would slip on the floor covered in grease.  So as soon as we discovered the millions of dead cockroaches, we made an about face and left.  We went to Applebees next door but I didn't end up eating lunch that day.  Everything on the menu looked like a cockroach to me.  China Star needs a serious overhaul to make that place up to snuff.  I wouldn't be surprised if they had a rodent problem as well.  Very unclean.
3 Low-priced chinese buffet - I definitely like this place better than Jane V. (the previous reviewer). I think the food is very good. Restaurant not dirty at all, though it is on Charleston - not the greatest area, but not terrible either. The shrimp in coconut sauce is my fave and all the other selections are tasty and filling. Good barbecued pork and a sushi bar (which I am not personally into); no complaints about the food, but sometimes the patrons are a bit seedy... still a solid buffet - I recommend it!
3 my husband loves this place, but i don't really dig it. i mean, i guess people would like it because they have a good number of seafood during dinner and the price is pretty cheap, but this place is just not for me.   every time i go for lunch time, there's never anything NEW.   and the dude at the front desk doesn't look that friendly either. i've never seen him smile. and i go to this place a couple of times now.   anyway, i give props to the waitresses though. they work hard!
1 Despite apprehensions of the 1st review here I decided to try this place for somewhere different after talking to a Co-Worker about this place.   Upon entering, the atmosphere was nothing like the China Star on Maryland and not very inviting at all. I cant put a finger on it exactly and am in no mood to disect it at this time.  As usual, I arrived around 3pm still making it for lunch. The kitchen is visible through open glass & while I didnt inspect it or pay much attention to it, nothing seemed out of the ordinary. However, when I went to get some sushi, which is adjacent to the kitchen, the girl making it was giving me this look. I just looked back at her and said "DAMAGE INCORPORATED" taking a big plate of rolls. The "seafood salad" that I accompay my sushi with looked like it was opened from its container and placed in the bowl = no mayo and no attempt at all to cut it up or add ingredients to it. In hindsight THIS sets off some alarm bells for me.  The sushi was nothing special and the wasabi had a soup-like consistency to it. In addition to this, they offer your normal chinese fare and the stand out was the Coconut Chicken which instead of being all batter was "all chicken" in a light to medium batter and very good. The spicy chicken was just plain weird = orange, dry & not spicey at all. Everything else seemed normal and standard.   As far as the service goes, they seemed freindly enough & I realize I get to these places when the help is having thier lunch and they have to eat too, but I still had to get up and ask for a water refill and that is NBD to me at all under the circumstances.  Overall it was what it is for the &6.50 price & that would have been the end of it and I wish it was. I would have done this review ending it here saying: "It was ok but I wont go out of my way to return there as there are way better places as far as quality and more offerings like shrimp etc. for the same price" and given it  2 stars.  But THAT wasnt the end of it as something followed me home and "sat" on my stomach giving me a queezy feeling all night. Then in the morning I woke with a fever and not feeling good at all and after trying to swallow a sip of my morning coffee began to puke my guts out. I was GLAD to get whatever it was that was making me sick out of my body!! I barely made it into work and the whole day I was lethargic and C0-workers could tell I was under the weather and not my normal self (which they all probably enjoyed!! LOL). I didnt eat anything until late in the day & it was a small yogurt and forced at that.  My guess is that somewhere along the line, as presented with the seafood salad, someone cut corners and compromised some raw food or something. All I can say is based on my own experience is "BEWARE eating at this place". I'm writing this 2 days after the fact & I still have no appitite due to the above outlined experience.  If anything positive I can take away from this and pass on to the reader is:   STICK TO WHAT YOU KNOW & DONT BE SO ADVENTUROUS!!" uhhhhh ............word to the wise
5 I have lived in Las Vegas 15 years, and out of the many chinese restaurants in town,  this is absolutely the best.  There are many variety of dishes to choose from, the food is always fresh. On sundays it is very busy, but  the  staff  will  go the extra mile to find you a table, the most you will wait is 30 minutes in comparison to over an hour  elsewhere. The staff is consistent and always get to know the local  customers as well as  the tourists who arrive by bus. It is located in a locals area, but has attracted tourists as well. This place deserves 5 plus stars, excellent food and excellent service. I love it here and you will too.  Chris & Venera
2 There was a rumbly in my tumbly.  And thank goodness it wasn't food poisoning!  I must have been super hungry on the day I went into this China Star.  I'm doing what I can for this place here, but it just wasn't up to par.  Yes, it's a super cheap lunch for around $5-6 but remember...you get what you pay for sometimes.  At this China Star it's not much.  The food is decent and you won't have any problems if you've got a strong stomach like I do.  There are your usual dishes like the fried rice, noodles, fried chicken wings, beef and broccoli, and won ton soup.  But I just feel it's all on lower standards.  A lot of the stuff on the day I went was definitely sitting under the heat lamp for a bit, causing a lot of items to be surrounded by a pool of grease.  Ever see coconut chicken after a long bath under a heat lamp?  Trust me you don't want to.  Things tasted rubbery and lackluster.  Soup was cold and the faux sushi was warm.  Wow, and I'm not usually very picky when it comes to eating!  Sad food make me a sad boy.  I'm not usually too critical of the atmosphere either since I've been to dives that were dingy but had good food.  But this China Star over here on Charleston?  It is a bit dirtier than I can accept.  Food bits stuck here and there on the floor, having to clear particles off your seat before you sit down, and sneeze guards looking a little bit questionable?  Aw, come on!  I like my beats fast and my bass down low, but the only thing I like dirty (occasionally) is my lady!  Going to the bathroom is a great gauge on how to tell if a place is clean.  Trust me, going to the bathroom here (which I did) may make you queasy!  There was a roach running around in there.  I tried to ignore it....but yeah, it was still there.  I said hello to it, but it just scurried along its way...probably going back to the kitchen to grab a smoke.  Ack!  I really feel sorry for the ladies that have to actually sit on the seat in the women's restroom.     There's not much else I can say about this place for now, I'm getting a bit light-headed thinking about it.  Please, please, please China Star...clean your act up!  This is coming from the guy who loves a cheap buffet and can live with a little bit of uncleanliness.  Live up to your 'A' rating!
3 We Americans like the Chinese buffet.  We know its not authentic.  We know its not healthy.  But, it satisfies some sinful desire.  Pizza, burgers, Mexican food, Chinese buffet.  It is part of the American culinary fabric.  If this sounds like you then this is your place.  It is always busy, so you know the food has not been sitting around long.  The patrons appear to be lower income.  The location is great.  Parking in the front and side are usually pretty full, so expect to park around back.  The employees are friendly, but don't expect much English.  The lunch buffet is $7.99.  What a bargain!  FYI: Bus loads of Chinese tourists arrive often, so beware because they will clean that place out.  I'll admit, this place is one of my guilty pleasures, just don't expect quality from a $7.99 buffet.  And, don't tell my foodie friends that I eat here.       ; - )
1 Worse restaurant ever food was bad the waiters hardly ever showed and when I Went to the restroom an employee used the restroom and never bothered to wash his hands WOW.. Then went right back to work with FOOD! To make it worse i brought it up to the managers attention and  He said "OK."
1 Positively, absolutely terrible food!  My husband and I were sick for several days after eating there.  Bathrooms were horrible, floors dirty, and employees very unfriendly!  Unless you are in the mood to lose a little weight the hard way, stay away from this place!
3 The food is cheap and is ok for the price. I may eat there once every few months.
1 I had driven past this place on Charleston on several occasions, and finally decided to give it a try on 9-5-2012.  I was a little disappointed in the variety of food was my first opinion but went to sample  what was presented.  The fried rice was next to cold and was greasy and had no flavor...as a matter of fact...the majority of the food was not heated to the point that I thought the health department would probably shut them down if they inspected.  The black pepper chicken was bland.  The Generals Chicken was stale.  I tried some french fries and they were cold, old, chewy and very bad.  All of the food I tested was either cold, bland, except for one dish that was hot, which must have recently been added to the line.  The resturant was very dirty.  The floor looked as though it had never been waxed and may have been a very long time since it was mopped.  There was food along the edges of the wall and along the bottom of the booths that had not been swept up and appeared to be there for a while.  As I looked around the floor it was evident that no one cared about cleanliness. I took a drink of my soda and thought something touched my lip but wasn't able to see what it was until I took another drink and a piece of cellophane ( like what you'd get if you tore the corner off a pack of crackers,)  almost chocked me.  It had to be in the glass before they made my drink, and made me think that the attention in  dishwashing was as bad as the floor.  I had hoped this would be a good place to eat and had looked forward to enjoying eating there, but I would never go back until I saw reviews that they had cleaned up their place and the food was given more attention.
3 Strategically located in a walmart shopping center this place really lives up to its name. I give China star one star for food quality. But wait....I paid what for this?  In that case I'm getting what I paid for, this is how cheap food should look like so I might as well get my money's worth, and one serving of something that you like would put you there. Just like when you go to the Salvation Army  store, you just have to look around before you find something you like  and that is how I ended up with that sweet walnut shrimp that it was to die for. (not literally, I hope)    Although they have a decent selection most of the stuff looked like it had been sitting there for too long, life had been taken out of it  more than once, I could even guess they get all their sea food all the way from the Dead Sea and nothing was ever really alive.  There's nothing special about the decor of the place, just the basic booths tables and chairs to keep up with the theme of  cheap and tasteless. If nice and modern is what you looking for, Panda Express does it better ..but is more expensive of course.   At the end I think this place is ok. You get what you pay for and is a good alternative for when you're broke or want to take a date that you don't really want to see again. I have a feeling I'll be a regular here.
5 Me and my kids were looking for a new place to eat we were hungry and on the area... We decided to stop n try china star we honestly thought it was going to be bad we didn't have high expectations... We stopped by around 2pm we had the lunch special for $5.99 and for kids is like $3.75 or so... To be honest this place looked kinda old but the food is Fabulous!! Oh god we ate so much!!! We couldn't stop eating and our bill was only like $15 I was shocked!!! I left $5 tip and my bill was still like 20$ for good food! I'll come back again! Great place if you have a large family!!
5 Good quality food for the price, very nice people and just an overall great place to eat at. The only problem is how CHEAP most of the customers are for not leaving tip, arguing about the price, being rude to the waiter/waitress, having no manners and just overall being a complete asshole.
4 Man there was a lot of food here! The wait staff was nice and prompt. It is a buffet, and there were all ages here from babys to grandparents, so family friendly I would say yes.. The food was pretty darn good for the price! I don't know if I will be a regular here (mainly cuz I don't care for small humans, they tend to be loud) But for the price the food was better than most fast food options out there and a good mix to choose from..
2 Short: Pass on it, go to Krazy Buffet or any other place. Sub-average food, bad service, terrible atmosphere.  I dropped by here because I felt a little tired of the other asian buffets I visit, and it was in the neighborhood. $6.48 for lunch for one. I walked in and was sat down promptly, but that was about it for service other than plate pick up. Crappy decorations--a staple of low-scale asian buffets--but absolutely no music playing to drown out the coughing, children's cries and random conversation. It felt like I was eating in a run-down restaurant on the side of a highway. Food was cooked at least.... It's the typical spread you'll see at any other buffet, just not as good. All sauces were watered down to the point that one tasted like all the others. I'd guess that half of the selection of "hot" food was previously frozen, and the other half showed that it wasn't made very well. Half of the buffet is made up of soups, the worse of deserts, fruit and a pretty bad "Mongolian BBQ" side-bar. I wasn't tempted to try the sushi--though I typically risk it.   Bottom line: If you've been to an asian buffet before, this place will disappoint you. It's one of the worse I've been to, and I see no reason why someone should go here when there's a dozen others that are better in this city.
1 So this is a cheap fast Chinese buffet but you get what you pay for! !   Last couple of times I was on the toilet for days after I ate here never going again! !
1 There was a lot of food, but it was absolutely rancid. The environment was hideous not to mention the "clean" dishes still had food on them! The servers hardly spoke English and where very rude. I wouldn't suggest this to my worst enemy. You're better off eating at the Burger King right next door.
1 Out here for a business trip, found this place around during lunch. Huge mistake! Never go there! The food was not good and to top it off my fry chicken was hairy! It had hair all over! No manager was available and the girl in charge did not care. She just said (in her Chinese accent) "Oh that's normal, we get those from time to time cuz  we buy our chicken it comes like that." What?! Not to mention she made me pay full price! I paid and left! Never again!
5 All there is to say is really cheap price so don't expect too much people, it's great for the price I highly recommend
1 Yes it's a cheap place, you get what you pay for and that also includes horrible customer service.
