1 I sure wish I had read all of the other bad reviews first! HORRIBLE office manager, terrible billing, no way of speaking to the doctor--no getting past the office manager, still Linda Gay, who apparently has people complaining about her for years now. Everyone who works there totes the company line, and no one seems to be able to think on her own. I called first to confirm that my annual pap would be covered as an annual preventive care visit, per my Anthem Blue Cross plan, which does not charge for this. They said yes. I went & all seemed okay, but then I got a bill for $240 (on top of the several hundred dollars the insurance had already paid them)! I called the insurance co, and they said that the pap was covered, but that the doctor had done other tests. I had them look up the procedure codes, and found out they had done 3 different STD (sexually transmitted disease) tests, all without my consent or knowledge! The doctor did not even ask pertinent questions to determine risk, and I did mention that I was with my boyfriend for 10 years, so clearly I wasn't in an obvious risk category at all. They took my bodily fluids and ran whatever tests they wanted, without my permission & without even mentioning it, and then had the nerve to charge me for those unauthorized tests! Unbelievable! What's worse is when I called to inform them of this, the office manager, Linda Gay, who controls everything, would not relent, and threatened to send me to collections. She didn't see anything wrong with what they did.   I am not paying this bill, and had a lawyer's letter sent to them. I need to go pay $.60 per page to get a copy of what I signed--I tried to get that and they refused to give it to me, and actually called the police on me because I said I wasn't leaving until I got it. All I want is a copy of the standard paperwork everyone signs when they go to a doctor there--why are these documents classified?? I want to see where I signed giving them blanket, general authority to run whatever test they want on me when I was there for a pap test only. I'm going to pay the $.60 per page to get the paperwork, and then I'll take up the legal battle. This is totally unfair, and I'm going to fight it and maybe go to the media. Linda Gay says this is a normal part of the annual exam, and every OBG does it, due to national statistics on STD's, but I have not met one woman who thinks this is true. It sounds like a scam to get more money from insurance companies. Linda Gay and her staff also say that the doctor did tell me she was going to run these tests, and that I was probably just nervous, so I didn't pay attention. Believe me, she did not mention running STD or any other tests. I was there for one thing only-the annual pap smear for cancer detection. This is absolutely ridiculous, and Linda Gay was at first impossible to get--didn't ever call me back, and then, when I finally got her, was the rudest person I've ever had to deal with. Avoid this office, either location, at all costs!!
1 This office is terribly unorganized and it's a shame because dr scarff is amazing and I won't be coming here again. They don't communicate with insurance companies and try to overbill. The office manager is rude. There's no communication whatsoever and I think it would be nice to notify someone of a "past due" balance before scheduling them for an appointment rather than letting them know they won't be seen when they show up for an appointment. I have 2 insurance companies and both companies have notified me my bill has been paid. This office will get no more money out of me at all.
5 I love this place. I have been coming here since I was pregnant with my son on 2011. Dr.Glassman is a great doctor. I never have had issues with the staff before.
2 I saw Dr. Scraff for 14 years he is a great doctor and his assistance are excellent and respectful, however, his office staff lacks the proper training in customer care or problem solving.  Yes even though its a doctor's office there are certain skills that the office staff must have and this staff lacks it.  If you want a great doctor he will provide you the best care you ever asked for but only go to the Spring Valley office where the incidents with the office staff are kept to a minimal.
