3 Love that Tostada salad.
5 Great chicken burritos and love that roasted (black-looking) salsa!
4 mmmmmmm tostada. i didn't realize how delicious it was until i finished 80% of my salad in there. then i broke off a piece and fell in love. it's so crispy/buttery/savory. i loved it!!   the burritos and taquitos were very disappointing, though. the rice, and apple sauce was NOT enjoyable either.   this place deserves 4 stars because of the condiment bar and tostada. free pico de gallo and salsa? yay!!!!!!
3 not "real" mexican food but a decent substitute in a pinch
5 We've always had excellent service at this Baja Fresh. I haven't tried a variety of things so I can't review the different foods but what I have the Baja Steak Burrito is made the way I like it and always fresh. The staff is courteous and the store is always very clean.
3 Once upon a time I was a huge fan of this Baja Fresh location.  My coworkers and I  use to come here all the time for lunch.  Then, about 4 yrs ago I noticed a rapid decline in their food quality.  Their Chips started to become thinner and not so fresh.  Their Beef didn't taste as good.  And when they started posting nutritional info online.....I was afraid, very afraid.    Most of my favorite dishes here had a gazillion calories!  Oh no!  Well, every once in a while I'll visit an old friend and have a Beef Burrito.  Was at this location recently and enjoyed one for lunch.  Nothing special though.  Will I return?  Possibly.
4 Yummm! The BF & I came here for lunch today since my office is right down the street from here. I joined the mailing list and use alot of the coupons. They don't attack your inbox with emails which is nice.   I had the Fired Grilled Shrimp Beach Bowl & the BF had the Grilled Veggie Burrito. My shrimp bowl was so good and filling, I couldn't finish it. The mango salsa is really good. I normally don't eat all the chips that they give you but with the salsa, I finished them. They also have Primo lobster tacos are good!
1 Absolutely terrible. Roaches in the bathroom and all over the salsa bar. The store smelled terrible the moment I walked in.  I'll never eat here again.
2 YUCK!  The Baka burrito was COLD!  It had mole sauce instead of ranchero sauce and they just can't seem to find RIPE TOMATOES!  Even though the meat was cold the bite or two I had the meat was pretty decent. Maybe Baja Fresh will get their act together. If you can do that I will be back. I won't patronize this establishment again until probably July.  To be fair, they did refund my money for a second time in as many attempts.
4 Very fresh food, very clean restaurant, very friendly staff.  I was excited to get a chance to try a taco that was not as American as being "outside the bun".   Delicious.  I can't have a taco from Taco Bell without thinking "It was SO much better at Baja"
5 Before heading down to Trader Joe's, I came here for a quick pick me up. I needed some more fuel to finish my Christmas shopping and all I could think of.. was Baja Fresh!   This location is tucked in a corner behind Jack in a Box. Same complex side of Fedex, but further down. I walked in and was greeted by the cashier. I enjoy such vibrant lighting and it's really all from natural sunlight shining through to the inside. The whole place looked nice and all the stations from the drinks to the salsa bar was clean and well presented. I ordered the Baja Chicken and brought my refill "to-go" cup to use for 99 cents. It's so useful and I like the idea that I'm saving a cup every time I use it. :D Plus I refill it again before I head out, so I can replenish myself whenever I need it. It's definitely a win-win situation. I even brought half of my sweetened green tea home and put in the fridge for later and it was still so refreshing to drink it. Almost like a cold dessert! I also used a previous receipt survey coupon that gives me $2 off from spending $8. All you have to do to get this is go online and complete a quick survey on your dining experience. Then you are given a code at the end, which you use toward your next purchase. This can be done every time you dine there. Sweet deal right?!??! I like it A lot.  I went to the restroom to wash my hands after ordering and it was spotless clean. The salsa bar is the first thing I checkout and this time there was a new salsa of the season.... Cranberry Salsa!!! It had diced celery, onion, cranberry, and bits of cilantro.   When my order was ready, I cut the Baja Chicken Burrito in half and put some of this new salsa on top... took the first bite and the flavors exploded with freshness. It seriously had this perfect combination of a healthy meal. You start to understand why  their philosophy is "Live Fresh." The more I ate this scrumptious burrito, the more I tasted all the high quality ingredients and freshness from it. The soft flour tortilla tasted so delicious from having it slightly grilled and it's almost like they brushed it with rich light butter. It's like eating a butter cookie without all the sugar added to it. However they grilled this burrito, it tasted oh so yummy! The Cranberry Salsa gives this burrito the ultimate whammy of renewed vows of love. Eating this together and you have the Burrito of a Lifetime. I swear I went by to the salsa bar over six times to refill my cup!!! And it's not because I was a few steps away, but it was that good to keep going back for more. Simply the best tasting, healthy burrito I have devoured. I even licked my fingers to taste the salsa that was dripping down the burrito from over pouring. Can you imagine how fun this experience was?!! Keep imagining... Until you get down and dirty like me.. you really don't know what fun is at Baja Fresh. But you know it's good when it's messy and you don't even care. I even added a chunk of cilantro in the Cranberry Salsa and it was a swimming beautiful, green garden in that sauce. I am a Huge fan!!!  Even their complimentary tortilla chips were served in a paper bag and it wasn't even oily at all! No oil stain whatsoever on the paper bag and that's so great to see. Even the chips taste healthy and good!!!   On their site, it's noted that all of their entrées are made with all natural, hormone free, fire-grilled Chicken, Steak, and slow-roasted Carnitas. And they serve only fresh guacamole and famous salsas made with locally grown, farm fresh produce!!!   After I ate everything.. I felt like I could conquer the world!!! Energized and ready to get my shopping on. I was feeling so Alive and recharged!   I'm having a real addiction to their fresh produce and you can tell that everything is made by hand. You know where I'll be on my day off.... spending a night here! :P
1 This place smelled burned walking in. They didn't have some of the items on the menu and I had to end ordering fish tacos. They took forever to make them and when I got em they didn't taste like fish tacos at other locations. This place is on its way down....
