3 This chicken chain is awesome. The quality and taste of the food at each location is remarkably good.  These folks know chicken.  The best thing is feeling of being full without the guilt for eating at a fast food. And unlike some other places, the chicken doesn't need to be overly coated and deep fired (not that there's anything wrong with that) to be tasty.  I really enjoy the food here.
4 When I lived in Vegas, I often sent a silent prayer of thanks to the franchise restaurant gods for plunking an El Pollo down minutes from both my house AND work! Chargrilled chicken served in a variety of ways, along with a surprising number of side dishes (for a fast food chain, anyway) that is tasty and good for you AND your wallet.   My personal favorites are the Pollo Bowl (chicken, beans, rice, pico de gallo, onions and cilantro all done up nicely in a bowl) and the Twice Grilled Burrito.  Muy Bueno!  Now if they would just open one here in Dallas.......
4 Chicken Wars 2009  KFC, Popeyes & El Pollo Loco have all been trying to get your fast food chicken $$.  Both KFC & Popeye's FREE Give aways have turned into complete fiascos BUT El Pollo Loco somehow manages to serve tons more customers daily without a hitch.  I walked into a packed restaurant with 5 cars in the drive-thru yet it only took me less than 10 minutes to order & get my food.  I got the 2 pc white meat w/2 sides & flour tortillas.SIdes were Cole Slaw & mac n cheese plus I oalso got spanish rice.  They have a salsa bar here so load up on pico,salsa & sauces.  The chicken is lime-marinated fire roasted so it is GOOD!!!! Very moist & juicy very tangy and so damn good.   I mean its NOT Koo Koo Roo which used to be in this very location BUT it is way and I mean way better than KFC or Popeye's.  The sides are real good too.
4 El Pollo Loco FREE Chicken for Mothers Day http://bit.ly/BymAs , http://bit.ly/nlKUm , http://bit.ly/nzgPu
2 The chicken is alright. The commercial is very misleading because my chicken did not look like the one on TV. The sides were alright and the salsa bar was good until I witnessed a 3 year old girl slobbering all over the spoon and vigorously dipping her infested hands in to the sauce/salsa containers. Very unappealing to say the least. I told the child's mother and the store manager about the blatant condiment violation and they both looked at me with the intent to trick me that they did not speak English. They succeeded because the little girl was still using the salsa bar as her private playground. No salsa for me!!!
3 The crazy chicken ! For a cheap quick meal. The chicken  was fresh , flavorful , moist and delicious . We had the Cole slaw , mayo based , pretty good.  With the salsa /condiment bar and hot tortillas , it was a tasty meal
4 It's an El Pollo Loco, the service is usually slow around lunch time, but the food has been fresh and hot when it gets out.   Nothing has really stood out good or bad for this place, it's just a convenient semi-healthy place to get food every so often.
4 It's a great fast meal with a lot of options for side dishes. The salsa bar is great if it's maintained. If you love grilled chicken this is a great option. Try it and see what you think?
1 We were here about 4 days ago. We are very hungry and the guy told us the chicken will be 40 more mins. WTF?!
3 After recieving some coupons in the mail = .99 Fish Taco's, my interest was peeked & I decided to make it my destination on my walk. I got there at lunch time and there was a line halfway into the seating area but it wasnt a long wait to order, maybe 5 min.  I had previously looked at some reviews here and because of THAT, I ordered a small bowl of Chicken Tortilla soup ($2.99) and the before mentioned fish taco (Reg $1.99...wt coupon .99). The Total wt tax came to $4.30.  This is a few steps up from Taco Bell and the plates I saw being served looked really good & healthy. My taco was very small and not a good value at the reduced fare of .99. It was good but the Fish Taco's for .99 at Long John Silvers are way better & bigger. Now when it comes to soup, I am spoiled rotten, as I worked at a condo and the Chef there was a Pro and in fact was once Tommy Lasorda's personal Chef, and the soup this guy made was the MOST AWESOME EVER!!  The Tortilla soup was NOT as good as reviewers made it out to be. First off the portion didnt match the price of $3. I have had Campbell's Chunky Mexican Chk Soup ($1.50) that is a bigger portion for less and packs more overall flavor. It was "OK" at best and did have some nice chunks of chicken but not worth $3.  I'm not writing this place off by any means and will probably go back using it again as a destination on a walk one day and try the Chicken Tortilla Salad. But for value's sake, I could have paid another dollar & gone to lunch at Buffet @ Asia (see previous review here) & had more of a choice of dishes & all you can eat.  Way better than Taco Bell or Del Taco thats for sure!!
3 It's El Pollo Loco.  Unfortunately, during the summer they aren't that keen on cooling the place to make it a pleasurable dining experience.  Also, at sunset, there is very little window shading so the sun blinds you.
3 This has become a regular stop for lunch during the work day.  On a recent visit, my El Tradicional burrito had a pretty nice sized bone in the middle of it. Yes, I found yet another bone in my chicken from two different chains now.  This time, instead of being a big chunk of bone, it was a nice sized rib by the looks of it.  I tried calling the store to let the manager know their staff should be a little more careful, no answer. I know how busy they get during the day, so I figured I would call a different time. No answer. A different day, before the daily lunch rush. No answer. Fill out a form on the corporate website, receive only an autoresponder email. Next visit in, I brought the bone and receipt, manager was too busy to step away.  Oh well, I'll keep eating there, the chicken is pretty good. Will have to see if I have already filled my quota of chicken bone incidents for 2012.
3 I LOVE the CRAZY CHICKEN, this location is my fav because its on my own from the gym.  Fast and "HEALTHY", it is healthy depending on what your order consist of.  New remodeled (restaurant and employees), service is fast, employees are nice.   This location gets 4stars for cleanliness (that includes the outside of the restaurant as well as the bathrooms) it's rare to go to a place 2hrs before closing and the bathrooms are clean.  I appreciate that, what more can I say? Its El POLLO LOCO  I order the same every time I go: 3 wings and a Loco Salad w/ flour tortillas (don't judge me I need the carbs) nothing out of the ordinary but I like it better than the fried chicken places
2 Every time we come to this location, through the drive-thru, and ask for more sauce - the girl at the window always looks extremely annoyed to go and get it. Either she needs to not be so lazy - or move the damn fridge closer to the window so that she isn't "inconvenienced" by her job.
1 I love El Pollo Loco but this location SUCKS!! The guy in front of me was ordering catering and the girl was rude and said for him to hold on. She went to the back and came back up front taking crap about the girl she just went to the back to talk to. When we got up to the counter a new girl was taking our order. Her name was Cecy. She had her phone on the counter and was checking her Facebook as we were giving her our order. I caught her eye and gave her a "seriously?" look but that didn't stop her from cruising along her social media quest. She called our name for food and informed us that what I ordered they didn't have. She asked me what else I want. I ordered what I didn't want. We finally got our order. The food was terrible. The tortillas were really stale. Nasty! I will never go back to this location again.
3 I have been coming here since I was a kid. I hbe find memories of El Pollo Loco and family discussions around the dinner table. Flame grilled chicken and fresh tortillas always make for good eats. I have never been into a dirty Resteraunt and I have never had an order messed up. But I must say the drive thru at this location takes forever! Literally over 15 minutes every time I come. Even with only a few cars in front of me. I don't know what the hold up is all the time or if language barriers are an issue but El Pollo Loco needs to figure it out... At least at this location.
