3 I bought my current car here and also go here for service.  PURCHASING EXPERIENCE I found the (slightly used) car I wanted on their website, so I knew exactly what I wanted ahead of time.  I went in one night after work, met with the representative I had contacted, and was immediately foisted off onto some rookie salesperson.  I was not impressed with the sales team at all.... I mean, I was pretty much a guaranteed sale, and they were still giving me the hard sell and not terribly friendly or accommodating. BOO.  But I'm sure that's most car dealerships, so whatevs. 2.5 stars  SERVICE  Yes, I take my car to the dealership for service! Why? B/c it's actually reasonably priced here! At least for my oil changes and such... less than I used to pay at Jiffy Lube for my old car.  My service rep is really nice and friendly, and I don't feel like I'm getting ripped off.  My car magically sends out a signal or something, then I get a friendly reminder e-mail and letter when it's time to have a service done.  They also wash my car every time I bring it in, bonus. 3.5 stars!    So, maybe if you're a high roller who isn't just there to buy a used Civic and GTFO they will show you more love in the showroom... but it's a good place to get service done if you've got a Honda and need an oil change!
1 I don't think that Honda Corporation knows this place exists. Otherwise, they wouldn't allow this level of shifty, incompetent service to exist.   I simply cannot believe it, I've found the location where wannabe mobsters/card sharks are trying their version of Capitalism. Along with the hard sell, the shifty misrepresentation, the inaccurate information, and all the less than honest used dealership tactics that can barely squeak by the law, this place most likely adds a few more tactics that aren't above board. They bully, lie, cajol, try to strong arm, misinform, and are basically the dishonest type of merchant one hears about as being up for indictment by the State Attorney's office.  The service is shitty, the sales people are dishonest, the management condones all this, and yet they still exist. Because of their location they must be shilling the Hispanic community that doesn't realize their dishonesty.   If you have a Honda NEVER go here for service and don't even think of buying a Honda from these creeps!
1 Went here to perform an upgrade to the software my 2008 Civic Hybrid's battery uses, after receiving a notice from Honda.  For the next few weeks after leaving, I noticed I had gone from getting 40-50 mpg, down to 28-32 mpg.   I called them several times to complain about this, and asked them to change it back to how it was. When I went in, they said they'd look at it, and during that process my husband and I went to look at newer models of cars. The sales staff were nothing short of pushy, rude, and unprofessional. After telling us they could not do anything for our car, they tried to steamroll us into buying a USED 2010 Accord (Sorry, but 700+ miles on it and the car smelling like someone's been using it, does not mean it's a new car...) for $38,000!!!!  When we told the salesman we were not interested, he kept trying to pressure as to what a great deal this car was, and how they couldn't put us back in a normal Civic, even though they were the ones who had done the "upgrade". We asked for our keys back, and he instead went and got the manager to try to high pressure us again. We told him no, and left.  A week later, I got a call from the manager, once again trying to pressure us into buying this used Accord. I told them that they had somehow fucked up my car, and refused to fix it, and would not be doing business with them again.  Last month, I ended up taking the car to Findlay Honda, since that's where I bought my hybrid from years ago. After inspecting, it turns out that Desert Honda cracked my gas tank, which was causing me to lose gas, and therefore mileage. So much for "Can't do anything", I guess...   Findlay happily put me in a new Civic (the same car that I was told Desert Honda couldn't put me in), after telling me about the new Honda HFX, which I will be going in to buy in another year or so.   TL;DR version - Desert Honda cracks my car's gas tank, attempts to force me to buy a used car at HUGE markup from new price, refuses to fix problem. Stay away from this awful shitty place.
3 Leased with Desert Honda last fall and have enough of a feel now to give a review. Overall, things went well, and have continued to go fine. The deal we hammered out was pretty damn good, and frankly, it pays to do your homework and to shop around. Timing and all sorts of other intangibles might be at play, too, but for me, things worked out to something I was, and am very comfortable with.  Things were a bit more complicated as Nevada and California have some different regulations so be aware, but that's nothing against the Dealer. I suppose it would have been simpler to just to make this deal back in California, but given my commuting situation, it was just as convenient to do it in Vegas.   Sales team was fine, and the paperwork worked out pretty well. And when I did have a clerical snafu, we were able to smooth it out with a minimum of hassle.  OK, so this is not a sexy review. But hey, it's positive, sensible and fairly attractive, like a new Honda should be. Do your homework, and you'll do fine.
4 Had been shopping for awhile and had even settled on a dealer and a car but was told to try Desert Honda. Very pleased with the sales staff who even gave us a tip on our trade that added $2K. Ask for Greg S.  Love the car, 2012 Civic.  34+ MPG.  (BTW, nobody gets a 5-star for anything except my wife or my mom)
1 the worst customer service experience ever. I gave in my civic for a diagnostic test which cost me 110. They kept my car overnight and called gave it back the next day with a wrong assessment. One of the supervisors- LEONARD who I got a chance to explain my problem, was the most unreasonable and non caring customer service personnel I have come across in this town. He didn't care if I was satisfied and whether his unprofessional behavior would taint the Honda image. All I can say is that I'm never going back there again, nor anyone of my friends.
5 Finally found a great internet sales manager that can make(structure) his own deals!  Was in the market for a new car, emailed about 8 Honda dealerships and visited 4 of them here locally.  After I emailed desert I quickly received an email from "the man" Greg Smith.  Upfront pricing and financing no B.S with Greg he is a straight shooter, he will give you his best deal without going back and forth with a sales manager like most places.  Today we purchased two new vehicles for my wife (pilot) and mother in law (crv), another great experience at Desert Honda again.  Will recommend Greg Smith at Desert  Thanks again Greg
5 So I read all of the reviews on Desert Honda and I was a bit discouraged from going there, however I have been looking for a specific Honda for a long time, a 2011 Black Accord Coupe w/ Navigation, and black interior. I found the car, I liked it, I am a savvy consumer so I asked to take it home if I kept the mileage under 100 miles. They agreed, and I took it home. I loved the vehicle as soon as a drove off the lot! I did want to however compare the 4 cylinder, so I took that one home. I chose the V6 w/ the Navigation.   The sales manager Barry, I think his name was very helpful and understanding that I wanted to look around a bit more. He wrote down the price that the car was able to be sold for and honored it a week later. I took my car in a couple of months later for its first service to find out that they not only gave me a stellar deal on the car but also covered my maintenance for a year and free car washes through Terrible Herbst. When looking for another Honda, I will definitely go back there and hopefully things are still the same.   **Update, so after I wrote this I went in for another oil change, and asked around about the reviews and how people were being treated. Apparently they were under new management as of August of 2011, about when I bought my car. I was happy to know they were still employed there and keeping people happy. I have also since buying my car have referred my friends there and they have received the same buyers experience I did.
5 I am not from Las Vegas and as a woman it is always frustrating to do anything with cars. It seems like people are always trying to tell you its very important to fix something on your car because they think they can sucker you into giving them money.  I went to Desert Honda expecting the same but was pleasantly surprised! I went in just to get an overall checkup because my hybrid wasn't getting great gas mileage. The original cost was going to be $110. I was prepared for that and it seemed fair. After waiting, they come back in to tell me they did a full check up and it wasn't going to cost anything. They also said they cleaned the car for me. There was no mention that "since you are going to be driving so far back home you should get this and this and this fixed." They just told me my car was great, it was the heat causing the low gas mileage and to enjoy my time in Las Vegas. What a pleasant surprise!
5 I used the AutoNation Direct car buying service (the ONLY way to go) to shop around for cars; they directed me to Desert Honda for my two most recent car purchases (2010, and now).  I have to say this is probably the quickest car buying experience I've ever had.  I've bought two cars from Desert Honda and both times I was in and out in record time (from the time I decided to purchase to driving away was probably under an hour and a half).  This time, I went in looking for a hybrid.  David Adolph. was a great sport, I was being really picky.  He was not pushy at all (my #1 turn off for car dealerships) and pretty much catered to whatever we wanted to look at and test drive.  We ended up buying a non-hybrid mostly because the other cars we drove were fun to drive.  But KUDOS to David for being patient while we made up our minds!  Everyone I came in contact with was friendly and personable.  I have never had a more pleasant car buying experience!
1 Almost a year ago I went to Desert Honda to buy a new or used car. Once the salesman decided my credit score was only good enough for a used Sentra which was advertised on their website, he treated me like garbage. He wouldn't even let me see the car. He said it was being serviced. This, a car already on their website for a while now, was being serviced at the time I came in. Right. Then he reluctantly took my application to the finance dept. and told me they were closed for the night and I'd hear back the next day. Two days later I discovered the finance dept. hours were open at the time he said he brought my application to them. I never ever heard back from their finance dept. or the salesman after leaving two messages a piece. Crappy people.
4 I used to work here a long time ago...this review would be for service, since I wasn't purchasing a car.  Just dropped in for an oil change and tire rotation, no appointment, but they seemed to get the job done fairly quickly.  About 45min or so, including a quick wash.  I really like the remodeling they did in the front, since it was really showing its age a few years ago.  Now it is more modern and airy..  Check it out if you need some service!  I always go through Alex Lobos...he will take care of you :)
4 I purchased a 2013 Honda Fit from Desert Honda a little over a week ago. I had gone to a couple of other dealerships and dealt with the typical pushy salesmen. I worked with Mark at Desert Honda, and he was much more honest and straightforward. The process was pretty quick, and he's been great with the follow-up to make sure that all of my questions are answered. I do feel like I probably could have gotten a slightly better price, but it was worth a little extra just for the better customer service and honesty. I felt much more comfortable dealing with them than anywhere else that I visited, and I'm really happy with my choice!
5 The best!!! Headed out for a Vegas weekend and ended up having some car issues! We called late Saturday and spoke to Jared who set us up first thing Monday! Luckily we were in Vegas through Monday anyways! Jared had great customer service skills and all the staff was friendly. Best part was they shuttled us to the strip while we waited for our car! Very impressed! Jared should get a raise or reward for his outstanding customer skills! Thumbs up :)
5 Our Family was on Day 1 of a planned week long "RoadTrip" almost came to a sudden stop.  We were just past Banning headed toward Las Vegas when we were getting multiple "error codes" and erratic engine performance from our 2008 Honda Accord. It was the day before Easter, Friday at 2:30pm and we were still an hour from Vegas;  Do we continue to Vegas or call AAA?  I Yelped Honda Dealerships in Vegas and decided to forge ahead and hope for the best.  Well, we lucked out - We called Desert Honda once we were within 30 minutes of Vegas and talked to Vincent Vital, he assured us that he would do whatever he could to diagnose the issue before the service department closed for the weekend. Sixty minutes later, we were back on the road again after Vincent correctly diagnosed and had his mechanics replace a spark plug.  Sure we paid for a new spark plug and an hour of labor but it afforded us an opportunity to finish our six day trek across six states (1854 Miles), and (I think) if it wasn't for Vincent's efforts we may have been forced to stay in Las Vegas through the Weekend.      Vincent - Thank you for caring and treating us like we were your only Customer!
4 Just got my new Accord and they had the best deal in town. I did a lot of research on the car and shopped other dealers . Dan Smith was very helpful and helped me get the exact car I wanted.  Everyone at Desert was really nice and the process was much quicker than expected. I definitely recommend Desert Honda.
4 Service center here was professional. I had a coupon for a 30 buck oil change and tire rotation. They said it'd take about an hour. (I had an appointment) they took an hour and 10 mins. Told me I need my brakes and tires replaced. But they explained what was going on with my car and related the numbers back to why the services needed were to be done.  I am currently shopping around, but they had a great friendly staff.
4 So for the best service i have gotten from Honda... Alex Lobos always takes care of me and has me in and out pretty fast!
5 GREAT EXPERIENCE!!!  This dealership really came through on both my purchases!!!  My wife and I each bought a new Honda from this dealership and no issues what so ever.  They were fair in pricing and willing to match a competitor offer.    I would recommend AutoNation Honda without a doubt!!!
1 Long story I bought a car from this dealership and I put 3,000$ down payment because I'm a first time buyer.So When I went to sign paper works.They have 2 options for me with warranty and without warranty.I signed on both.just incase I didn't get approved from either onw of them..From 300$ change to 360$.and I changed my mind later.I don't want warranty anymore.So I asked a carsaleman right away that I don't want it.anymore.So He told me I can change it just tell the finace manager.So I thought I can change it anytime.(misunderstanding)He called me in the next 3 days.and I told him I don't want warranty anymore because I'm planning to buy a new car in a year.He told me he can't do nothinfg about it and I texted to carsaleman asked him to help me cause He the one that told me I can change it.I went to a car dealership and I thought I'm going to her a good news but The general manager came up and talk to me.You can't cancel your warranty anytime but You have to pay 360$ without warranty.He saud it out loud infront of everybody.It made me look stupid in front of everybody.So I just walked away and I swear to god I won't go there again.That's how they treat customer and This us my first time buying a car from dealership.Bad experience!no more Autonation Honda!!! Sorry for.my language english is.my.second language.
4 Pretext: I was shopping for a new(er) car. I spent many, MANY hours over the span of a couple weeks researching to aid my car buying. After narrowing it down to either a Prius C or Honda Civic I had made inquiries to all 7 main Toyota/Honda dealers either through various purchasing programs(Costco,CapOne,Employee) or directly via dealer websites. It's always good to do the legwork and be knowledgeable when spending your hard earned money on a large purchase such as a car right? I realize they have to turn a profit. but at the same time I don't plan on getting ripped off. It was quite the adventure since alot of them were trying to call me but I was usually working or otherwise not able to answer at the time LOL. Email was definitely the most convenient, at least in my situation. And I find the Internet dept of a dealership is alot easier to do business with than floor salespeople. Fast forward: On Wedesday evening, after a few previous email correspondences, JOE MENDOZA of AutoNation Honda's Internet dept., emailed me back asking what would make me happy to do a deal tonight since he wanted to end his month strong. Honesty, always nice to hear from a car dealer. I reciprocated by telling him where I currently stood in my car buying and what I was aiming for(car price,financing,trade-in), that I considered a decent deal based on my research. One hour later he emailed me with a counter that was actually better than my target deal. So of course, I gave him a call to verify and said I'd be right down. It should be noted AutoNation Honda was a direct inquiry through their website. I arrived right around closing time and was surprised to see it was still pretty busy. I met Joe and we got down to business. After inspecting it, I took a quick test drive of the blue Civic EX I had shown interest in. Then we went back inside to finalize all the details. There was one small discrepancy from the quoted deal but Joe immediately apologized and had it fixed. There was the usual service/add-on upsells at the financing portion. In all, I spent just over 2hrs there before I drove away in my brand new car. For something that most people dread, my car buying experience was made very pleasant by Joe. I have to give Joe an "A" for effort in wanting to make a sale while not being high pressure. Joe was upfront, giving me all the info I requested and needed to make an informed decision. He was not vague and saying things like, why don't you come in and I'll see what I can do. Especially when it does take time to correspond and not everyone who inquires will necessarily buy from you, or at all. I'd definitely recommend Joe Mendoza for anyone's car buying needs! My purchase did come with 4 services(oil change,tire rotation,fluids) to be done within 2yrs/24k mi. Updated reviews on service in regards to this dealership will follow later.
4 On a 10-hr drive between LA and Las Vegas this weekend (tour bus accident), my Honda CR-Vs AC stopped blowing cold air.  I started to immediately freak out because after doing some googling, I was instantly convinced that whatever the problem was, it was going to cost thousands to fix.  Not exactly something you want to think going into a Las Vegas birthday weekend.  My husband and our friend knew what to do... first thing on Monday (they were closed on Saturday by the time we got to town, and they were closed Sunday), they called in and were able to get an appointment right away.  Not only did the job not cost thousands of dollars to fix, they were also able to get it done in only a few hours' time, and we were headed back to LA in an air-conditioned car.  Leonard was the person who helped us, and was by all accounts friendly, understanding, and did all he could to get us on our way.  I just wished they were open on Sundays, too, to help with out-of-towners looking to get home on Sundays (but that's a lot to ask, I know!!!!!)
4 We helped our teenage daughter purchase her first car in October.  It was a very low miles Certified Used 2003 Honda Accord.  A friend negotiated the price for us and then we went in to sign.  As we sat down we were told we could choose the low price and forgo the warranty that was supposed to be included, or pay full price and get the warranty.  We knew that the lights didn't work on the radio at night, but we, as consumers didn't know that this was an expired recall from the factory.  Of course our salesman would have known that, but didn't tell us.  We thought we could just buy a new radio and the problem would be fixed (sales manager suggested we get one from Best Buy).  We now know that it wasn't just the radio that doesn't light up, but the whole middle console, again, a factory recall that expired due to the age of the car (it only had 36,000 miles).  Also, our short test drive around the block wasn't enough time for the TCS light to come on, which seems to happen after 15 minutes of driving or on the freeway.  AC doesn't work in the used car building, not fun when it's a hot day in Vegas.  The new car building was very nice, though.  Up until the signing process, we enjoyed our service.  Once they have you reeled in, they fail you.  Have not, and will not recommend to anyone.  UPDATE: In December of 2013, Caesar had us come in to repair the radio free of charge.  We received A+ service in the service department, and witnessed every customer there receiving the same.  I feel so much better about Autonation Honda:)
4 Me and my wife purchased a new CRV in this facility. Our experience had been great.  We did our research for few weeks prior to the purchase and ended up deciding to go with a CRV. The sales rep, Danny B, has been professional all through out. We already knew what we wanted so we were done in less than 2 hours. The only minor problem we had was there was only one model with the specific color we wanted that was available during that time but it was not really a big problem.  So far, the car 's running very good and MPG is better than we expected.
5 I purchased a used Honda Civic from here. The sales person was very friendly and showed me a bunch of different cars. She helped me with my questions and was able to give me my options and I went with the Civic, which has been a good car so far. I would highly recommend people go to AutoNation Honda!
5 After weeks of looking for a car and me being very picky as to what I liked I found a car here. No fancy smoking guns, no sugar coat this and that, just simple good old fashion car sale. We spotted the car we liked and the salesman had the keys ready to go quickly. And work with anyone coming in to get you the best payment and APR rate. I recommend to the fullest although there isn't a huge selection it's easy to find what you want
5 After deciding on what new car I wanted to buy, my credit union recommended I use a concierge through Autonation.  I was connected with Autonation Honda East.  My concierge, Doug Saxton, was extremely helpful.  He answered all of my questions honestly and had my best interest at heart.  I appreciated the fact that he wasn't trying to pressure me into buying just ANY car.  He wanted me to love the car I chose, and  I do!  My 2014 Honda CR-V is awesome!   If you are looking for a new or used Honda, consider giving Autonation Honda East a try.  Doug will assist you and make your car buying process simple and easy.
4 I have not purchased a car here buuut their service department is awesome helped me quick and easy
5 Got a ridiculous deal on my car and it was a smooth process. Dan Smith was the one that helped me, he was up front and didn't pressure or push the sale. He was straight forward from the get go and not once did I feel uncomfortable. I highly recommend this place.
5 Jared and Vincent are so nice and professional and accommodating. It makes the trip from the southwest part of the Valley worth it. Great service. Great people.
4 Four Stars for the Dealership and "FIVE" stars for my salesman, Doug Saxton.  I'm pretty anal when it comes to getting a good deal (I looked for a month at other dealerships) and I thought I had run out of options until I wrote Doug Saxton at Autonation Honda East. I sent Doug an e-mail with what price the other dealers were quoting me and what price I wanted to pay and he wrote me back and accepted my offer, just like that!   Hence, I have never had such a great, cut-to-the-chase, no-haggle, best price possible,  salesman as Doug Saxton and I would highly recommend him to others looking to buy a new Honda. He truly made my car buying experience relaxing and worth while without the typical stress associated with buying a car.   Respectfully, I deducted one-star for the dealership because I expected their finance department to be as candid as Doug which was not the case. However, in fairness to them...not that their finance department was bad, it's just that they were typical and when you're following an act like Doug's, who sets the bar so high for candor and integrity, I was probably expecting more than they could deliver.     If I'm ever in the market for another Honda, Autonation Honda will be my go-to place and Doug Saxton my go-to salesman!
1 I am a "ghost" meaning I have no real established credit. I am a first time buyer. These are the numbers in comparison with AutoNation Honda East and Carmax.  The numbers: AutoNation Honda East. Car: Honda Accord Year: 2007 Mileage: 80K Down payment: $3,000 APR: 28% Monthly payment: $438  Carmax. Car: Volkswagen Jetta Year: 2013 Mileage: 30k Down payment: $3,500 APR: 12% Monthly payment: $358  Now looking at the numbers you may think that the reason the APR is lower for Carmax is the extra $500 down payment, but the best Honda later offered us 15% APR with $4,500 down.  The story is we took the 2007 Honda Accord with the 28% APR. We were going to pay the additional $1,500 within 28 days to get a lower APR. The day we took the Honda it was told to us that it was in need of a new starter. They installed a new starter before we left the lot. The very next day the car would not start. We were stranded and called Honda. They sent a tow truck. It took two hours for them to get there when we only 14 minutes from Honda (according to google maps). Not only did they take long, they did not send a car for us. We had to find a ride back to the dealership.  We asked for a refund. They came up with new numbers. Still the best they could do was 15% APR with a co-signer. I had already made up my mind I wanted a refund. At first they asked if we had our debit cards used in the down payment for the refund. Then we were told that they would cut is a check but it would take 2 days to go through corporate. We said okay and went to Carmax. After falling in love with the 2013 Jetta, we could not get it because we did not have our refund. Carmax held the car for is for 3 days. We went to Honda on the 2nd day and expected our check. Instead they swiped our debit cards. Unfortunately this meant it would take the banks anywhere from 3-7 business days to show back up in our bank account. We were stuck without a car until the money went through. We called and asked Honda to please cut us a check so we can get our car but they said they couldn't. Thank god a family member loaned us the money so we could get the Jetta. I would recommend the Carmax experience over Honda/AutoNation to anyone.
2 I bought my newest car here as well as get my services done too.   My experience with buying a new car was rough at first. When I first arrived I felt that I wasn't giving the right amount of respect due to how young I looked. I came in and asked about a car & I was handed down to the bottom salesman, thinkin I'm probably gonna waste their time. I heard "oh you can have her" & "yah you take her". Uhh I could hear you. Little did these sales sharks know I came in to buy not to look.   Services-- when I bought my car I got a handful of free oil changes. Which is a plus. Now all the other services-- 10,000 mile service, breaks, tires -- expensive! Now I may have a lack of knowledge on what the prices should be on these services, but boy do they hurt my pockets.   Vince is pretty helpful though. He always tries to work with me on prices. Gives me a discount where he can. So I'm thankful. But next time I might have to get a second opinion when a service comes along. Just to see if I'm not getting suckered.
5 Im a first time buyer, first i went to united nissan and i bought a car for $18000 without tax and everything. After a week they called me and said i have to turn the car back in because they couldnt find me a financer. So turn he car back in. They told us to come back after 48 hours and my check will be ready. me and my dad eent back and they told us they dont have my check so  im stuck with no car for few day they debited my money and i have to wait 4-7 days to get my money back. I went to auto nation east sahara. And i am so happy that i turn in my car back. TERRY SINGER the sales person who save me alot of money. Honda civic sedan for the very low price. And its way better than what i had from nissan. He helped me finding a car that i want answered all my questions and even i pulled out the car from their office anytime if i have a question about my car i can always call Mr.Singer. and he gave me a lunch too because im so hungry (supposed to be thats hes lunch) thanks terry for providing us a great service and we are pleased. I love my new car and thanks to you!!
5 Did some research,checked out a couple of places before deciding to go to Autonation Honda on East Sahara.Surprised on how the place didn't feel like a pressure cooker,went to other dealerships,thought I was in  a circus,relaxed atmosphere,told them what I want,that's what I got.Thanks to Mr. Singer of internet sales,Mr.Concepcion of finance,Vinny in service and the rest of the dealership.Wouldn't hesitate to go back if the need arises.
5 Loving my new Honda Accord 2014 Touring!!!  Marlo Armea was the best of all sales associates yet!  It was great working with AutoNation and working out the details were perfect!
5 I am an out of state resident who maintains a second home in Vegas.  After 8 years, my wife and I decided to top renting cars and purchase a Honda CRV.  I used multiple car buying services and one put me in contact with AutoNation Honda.  I worked over the phone with a person named Marisol in FL.  She was absolutely fantastic - she listened to my requirements and actually beat by a significant amount the quote from the car buying service that referred me to AutoNation Honda.  Over the phone I put down a Credit Card payment to hold the car.  When I arrived in Las Vegas, I was greeted warmly by Marlo Armea who was assigned to get me in and out as quickly as possible.  Marlo demo'd the features on, already had the paperwork prepared and once he was done with me, took me in to finance where they collected my payment, had me sign a couple more forms and then shook my hand and wished me well.  I have to say, I really liked how the AutoNation "internet sales worked" with me after coming in through a car buying service.  What impressed me most about AutoNation is they listened and didn't BS me.  The other local dealers all wanted me in to talk to me, I didn't want to be talked to, I knew what I wanted and simply wanted to do a quick transaction.
5 bought a car here yesterday from john parsons. very nice guy. wasn't impatient or in a rush like some salesman. was teaching me almost everything about the car inside and out. took his time with me. very good experience for me will probably buy cars here in the future i love my honda civic.
5 I've used the shop here numerous times.  Although the work isn't cheap, I've never felt ripped off and I'm always confident that the work was done properly.  The service is great and I like that, if the problem is small such a headlight being out, I can just pull up and they'll swap it out within minutes.  My 2002 CRV runs beautifully and I hope, with their help, it'll continue to do so for many years to come.
1 I've been wanting the new 2013/2014 Honda Accord Sedan for about a year and... I finally got one! THROUGH HONDA WEST! First of all, I highly recommend going to Honda West instead of having to deal with AutoNation's shitty customer service.  A few days ago, I've been emailing with Michael Gannon at AutoNation Honda East LV, and he was very nice and helpful. He prepared a number of quotes for me and offered different options for me to review. Made an appt with him but when I got there, he was with other clients and asked his partner to assist me, which I was perfectly fine with. If you absolutely have to go to this dealership, at least ask for Michael and deal with nobody else.  His partner (don't even remember his name) was the epitome of the pushy car salesman that everyone dislikes. Of course when you're purchasing a car you always look at different options so I was thinking about a used 2013 Accord as well. The partner kept pushing me to buy it while I was looking at it. After looking at the used 2013, I decided that I wanted a brand new 2014 instead. He continued to push the 2013 and going on about the positives of this vehicle. DUDE! I already told you I didn't want this car. What he was saying went through one ear and out the other.  Finally, we move on and start discussing the 2014. While pulling my financials, my credit score was not as good as I thought (they pull the middle score from Experian) so mine came back a couple points lower than average. They gave me over 10% APR. I got a 13.9% APR through Carmax when I had NO credit history whatsoever, and with $0 down. They were not very willing to work with me either, and I was ready to put $5000 down because my previous vehicle had negative equity. Their high interest rates were making my payments around $550+ a month. INSANE! I can go lease a new Mercedes for $550-600/month!  Then the partner brought out a female manager who was a complete B I T C H. She took one look at my credit report and didn't even think to offer different options. She said, in these exact words, "well what rate do you expect with your credit?" in a rude tone. Really?! I'm not in the car business so I don't know. How about you work with me and come up with an option that makes both of us comfortable? She was basically saying "this is the best deal you're going to get, take it or leave it". WRONG! And no thanks, I'll leave it!  The next day, I went to Honda West and bought my new 2014 Honda Accord. I've been visiting Honda West periodically to look at this vehicle because I've been wanting it for that long. Every time I went, all their staff was extremely helpful and always laid out different options for me to think about. And they've never been pushy with me; letting me take my time to explore my new potential vehicle, showing me all the features EVEN when I told them I wasn't ready to buy the vehicle yet. This time when I was ready to buy, my salesman, Jonathan Warner, kept helping me negotiate with the financial department and got me a deal I was comfortable with, and couldn't refuse.  AutoNation Honda needs to understand they are a HONDA dealership, not a Mercedes or other high end make. And they may get many customers who have good credit and are an easy sell, but will get customers that have no or shitty credit as well. Regardless, a customer is a customer and a sale is a sale. Especially at this time, many people are recovering from foreclosures and bankruptcy which has ruined their score. However, they come to you ready to purchase a vehicle and are treated like dirt. Me being in the sales + customer service industry as well, their attitudes were completely unacceptable. Not only did you lose me as a customer, I will always advise all my friends AGAINST going to this dealership to purchase a vehicle. In addition... I am a Yelper! And now have written about my horrible experience with AutoNation & staff for the world to see.
5 Our experience at AutoNation Honda was simply the best car buying experience we've ever had.  We wanted to avoid the typical car buying experience (come in, wade through the sales people, argue over the trade-in, argue over the rate, sit there for 5 hours before, finally purchase car and drive away) so took steps to speed the process along.    First, we procured a loan via Capital One Auto.  If your credit is sketchy or you are coming out of bankruptcy, go through Captial One.  We qualified for a 60 month loan at 2.43%, a rate which the dealer would have never been able to touch.  Having the loan already decided is the single most important part in expediting your car purchasing experience.  Next, I went through the Consumer Reports Car Purchasing Program.  I chose the car in which I was interested (2014 Honda Civic Si) with the options and color I wanted, CR supplied a certificate with a price a partner dealer would honor (and it was a really good price).  That took care of the haggling part, and that's also when things got weird.  Well, weird to someone who is used to purchasing a car via normal channels.  Within an hour of obtaining the Consumer Reports price certificate, Lestainia, a representative from AutoNation Direct contacted me via a phone call.  We discussed the car in which I was interested, discussed my trade-in, and discussed extended warranties and other add-ons (I told her I wasn't interested in those as I was buying a Honda for  reason).  Lestainia stated that she would call me back in approximately 4 hours with some numbers.  True to her word, she called me back with a trade-in number that was actually higher than I anticipated, and a final price that was fantastic.  An appointment was made for the following day to go to AutoNation Honda East Sahara and meet with Marlo the Sales Manager to finalize the purchase of my new Civic.  Now, my wife and I subscribe to the tried and true adage of "If it sounds too good to be true, it usually is", and were still skeptical, as the entire process seemed way too easy.  We arrived at the dealership, shields up and ready for the deal to fall through at any moment.  Gladly, we had nothing to worry about.  We met Marlo, I test drove the car and loved it.  The paperwork had been filled out in advance by the AutoNation Direct team and the dealership.  There was no attempt to sell us a warranty or add-on.  It was "Sign here, initial here, done" transaction.  In fact, had I not test driven the car, we would have been in and out of the dealership in 40 minutes.  Marlo was kind, conscientious, and a consummate professional throughout the entire process.  Overall, we could not be happier with the entire purchasing process, and we highly recommend the AutoNation Direct program, which removes the haggling and expedites the paperwork portion of the car buying process.  While we accessed the program via Consumer Reports, it is available directly via AutoNation.  The staff at AutoNation Honda East Sahara were great throughout the entire process.    When buying a car, regardless of the dealership, do yourself a favor and procure a loan before you go to a dealership.  That one piece will give you the best leverage in the process.
