1 Planned Parenthood here sucks.   I come from California where there's plenty of them, and they're quick and a affordable way for someone like me who currently doesn't have insurance to keep up with the health of my lady parts. I have lots of health issues with them girls so where I can save a little is important. Here, nothing is provided free or very low cost, it's just somewhat cheaper than going to a doctor.  In Cali it's more like a low cost/free clinic.  I mainly come for birth control pills since I have a condition where I need something to set out a proper body pattern or else my hormones are wonky and make for quite a lot of bad side effects. It's very important for me to have them on a regular. It's about $27 for a pack here, which is almost half the price with buying it from a pharmacy.   Now after a year, your prescription expires. I go and drop in every month or two to get my meds and  the months before my prescription expired no one on the staff mentioned it. They check every time your chart to see the prescription, so the expiration is in their face each time. I go in needing my meds, and they said since it's expired I have to see the doctor again (which is $30-35 dr. visit). I really don't need to see anyone to have the prescription filled again since none of the girls at the clinic actually write the prescription- a doctor at another location does and they just fax it over and I have no other issues to speak to them about. Also, I was there at the end of the day (30 minutes before they close) so I needed to schedule something for a future date to have the prescription refilled.   UH, Hello? If this was someones heart medication your ass would be in trouble but since I'm just some lowly kid who presumably takes pills for contraception then it's not a big deal, right?! No apology about not telling me. Sure, there are ways for me to keep track of it too, like mark this on my calendar, but I know this is part of their job to check prescriptions and remind about renewals. The Cali ones are busier and they CALL YOU to remind 2 months ahead to check if you need a renewal even though it's easy to keep track when you need pills since they dispense in 6 or 12 packs at a time.   I was so dumbfounded with how they handle things that I just left and decided I'll take my chances with being sick and in pain while my hormone levels go down the tubes.  Another shtick is why I go when they are about to close for the day on Saturdays. Previously we would go drop in on the way to work since it's more convenient than driving all the way down on a day off. However, there were times where I'd sit there for 30 minutes waiting on them to dispense my pills. With 4 people SITTING and GOSSIPING in the office and not doing anything particular, I shouldn't have to be waiting for pills. Sometimes I tell them I'm going to be late for work, and it takes them still a while to call me up. I go when they're closing because they actually do their job properly (because they want to go home!) and take the simple steps of checking my file, printing out the label, grabbing the pack, placing the label on it and then swipe my credit card. It's less than a 5 minute process. I can understand a little wait for an appointment, but they are ridiculous here. It took 2 hours until my named was called WITH AN APPOINTMENT and spent sometime waiting for a physician as well....3 hours for maybe 20 minutes of actual "face time". What' ridiculous is if it was that backed up I don't understand why the girl who did my consult spent most of her time in the front chatting with the other girls....uhhh, okay there's another technician, but shouldn't you guys both work at the same time to process everyone? The other technician also came out often and joined into things. This is why you can't put a bunch of friends without a management figure together. This one doesnt have a doctor on site all the time, only some of the days.  ....This was a sorority, not a clinic.   I actually think PP in California does some good for the community (don't get on my case anti abortionist, I'm not talking about that) with the access it gives to people for responsible ways to play safe and have it at very affordable prices or for free that you're a fucking idiot if you don't go to help yourself.  I used to donate to PP in California when I was in positions to have excess to give back to the community and later down the line their service was there for me when I did not have much money and needed care.   The ones out here are a JOKE and highly unprofessional. It just confirms the idea of how Vegas has shit care when it comes to health....  I left work today actually since I couldn't handle functioning with how bad it was today....something that could be avoided if they did their job right. I have an appt. with a doctor in California on Saturday and never coming back here.
2 As an unashamed woman, openly on birth control, I've been coming here for 3 years. The staff is pretty friendly & helpful. Although waiting times can get ridiculous. It varies because with or without appointments, sometimes I've waited 5 mins. Then theres times I've waited an hour. It's ridiculous how slow they seem to work! I recommend looking at doctors who will accept your insurance, especially if you want to save money. Planned parenthood provides many treatments & help, but it can be pricey because you're paying with cash. Take care of yourself either way! It's never too early to check for cancerous or infectious signs.
4 Somewhat lower priced birth control, with really long waits.  The centers are pretty much all the same here, just with different hours.  The staff is friiendly, but so slow you'd think they're actually MAKING your pills from scratch in the back.  But, they are more affordable than your regular doc if you don't have insurance.
1 Nevada really needs to work on their plan for funding of PPP in states where there is no state tax. They wanted a 50 dollar deposit for an initial evaluation and 25 dollars for birth control! Those prices are crazy and I have no clue how those who have very little get help from this.
1 In theory, Planned Parenthood is a good thing. But as with many of my favorite socialist ideologies, the reality is nowhere close.  I went to PP for treatment of a relatively minor infection, something that can be easily handled by any competent OB/GYN (or nurse or veterinarian, for that matter). The nurse practitioner did a quick exam and declared I would need to see a specialist. Huh? I thought PP specialized in sexual health?   So I would NOT be receiving any treatment for a minor infection, buy I would have to pay $65 for the hassle and inconvenience of dealing with PP. I choose PP because I'm unemployed and uninsured (which I explained to them) but it's apparently not their policy to give a break to people in need. Luckily the local health department has a clinic that only charges $30. But damn, PP is falling short in actually delivering health care where it's needed. Shame on them.
3 Well I have an interesting perspective on this place.  My houseguest found it necessary to come here so I gave him a ride. On our way here (about a 5 minute ride) he was reading some of the past reviews here on Yelp and was a bit spooked by the unfavorable reviews he read. His appointment was at 3 and we arrived at 2:55.  We got here and the parking lot was full and so I was prepared for the worst.  Interestingly, he left his wallet at home so I went back to retrieve it while he went in to wait. I returned to the office about 3:20.  When I got back the parking lot was now half empty and my friend had apparently gone in btw 3:00 and 3:05.  So, I got to just sit here and check out the vibe.  The staff seems to be cheerful,  courteous and efficient, all while there is a constant flow of patients coming in and going out.  Granted, a medical office is noone's idea of a great way to spend an afternoon, but this isn't really all that unpleasant.
1 Staff were very friendly, but my experience with the nurse was TERRIBLE. I went for a routine pap smear. She barged in without knocking while I was still in the process of getting undressed. She didn't introduce herself the entire time. She sat down and immediately started lecturing me. Ok, practitioners often do this since they are used to people not being well-informed. She mentions that I have complaints that I never put in my chart, and doesn't address what I did put in my chart. I then get home and see that she gave me the wrong medication. Now I have to go back across town after spending 2 hours there already, with an appointment. These little things wouldn't have been such a big deal had it not been for the terrible bedside manner. A little bit of courtesy/attention to detail goes a long way!
4 I can't say I have had issues like the other reviews. I go in and my birth control renewed without an exam with no problems and the prices seem reasonable for being uninsured without having to drive all over town.  Only one time I had a 2 hour wait to get my birth control type switched which seemed ridiculous since I was there a month prior to that appointment but then again with all doctor's offices, I don't expect things to be fast.
4 Been coming here for 5 years now. Well I started the first 3-4 years at the planned parenthood on flamingo but switched over to this office after some issues with some girl at the other office who for some reason didn't give me the same customer service as everyone else.. I only come here for birth control and pay cash even though if I used my insurance through my dad, I would get it free at the military hospital. But let's just say having an Asian mom knowing I'm sexually active in my 20s would get me disowned lol. But anyways! The wait is always long until I discovered you can call in 3 hours ahead of time to pick up birth control! GREATTT if you are picking up on a lunch break or if you just don't feel like staring at the wall in the office for a minimum of 30 minutes. The one thing I hate is that sometimes they run out of a prescription and you have to wait till they restock or drive to a different office, or ask them to call it in at a Walgreens or CVS or any other pharmacy. If they don't have your exact prescription they can usually replace it with a generic version. But this has only happened 3 times in 5 years so not that big of a deal. The girls are friendly enough, sometimes they seem a little on edge, but I've seen some people get a little ridiculous in there so I don't blame them lol. Overall, this place does what I need it to do most of the time soo 4 stars!
4 I'm not giving this clinic five stars simply because of how costly it is! I'm from California and as a low income woman planned parenthood was an amazing resource for std testing, pregnancy testing, emergency contraception, birth control, etc. I needed my iud removed and was told 130 over the phone. I removed it and was told I had irregular bacteria and needed to take a medication for a week... When I checked out my total was 230. 100 bucks for medication? I'm sorry but that's nuts. I guess it's just something I'll have to get used to but it'll be weird not having a trusting source to be able to go to in a time of need. I guess it's more of the state of Nevada than planned parenthoods fault, still seems super steep in pricing.   My service was great besides the cost. I was in and out in an hour (which is fast if you know p.p. Normal wait. The girls were cheerful and happy and my doctor was nice.
5 First time going to this planned parenthood after going to the one on martin luther king for a year and I must say I was kind of iffy about going in because of all the bad reviews I had read online but my appointment was scheduled for 5pm on Thursday evening but work ended later than expected so I arrived at the office around 6:10 OVER an hour late, there was a few people in the waiting room when I arrived I was greeted at the door by a small petite mexican girl.. I explained to her why I was an hour late and asked if I could still be seen? She asked me my name and told me she could squeeze me in! I was extatic because Im   a mom of 3 and work a fulltime/Overtime job and didn't have time to go back.. She asked me if my information was correct and I signed a waiver and took a seat within 5 mins I was being called back for my visit by another tall latin girl who was very sweet answered all my questions and finished my visit within minutes, she told me to take a seat and the front girls would call me but as soon as I walked back up to the door the first small hispanic girl had my total ready! I couldnt believe how fast my visit was! She didnt ask for a donation but i did leave her 4 dollars because the staff was simply amazing and my visit was so fast! I still had to wait around a lil more to get my results which took longer than the time they had told me but at this point I didn't care.
