4 Thank you, Misti, for reminding me just -where- was my review for this place!? I thought the name of the business was Donut Tyme, not Time. No matter, i'll get cracking on my review!  A family-owned donut shop, and very good, when you are there at the right time! Working swing-shift for 11 years, and living in the general area, i'd get donuts from here weekly. I live on the other side of town, the past few years, so I get them quite infrequently now. But,  while they are 24/7, they make the goodies in the middle of the night and that's IT. If you get there at 12 midnite, you'll get a possibility of some fresh made...But you might get a few no-so-fresh ones. Consider it the Vegas gamble, ya know?  If you get there after 4am, your selection will be glorious! A treat they make daily are French crullers, with either chocolate, vanilla or maple glazes. Other donut shops makes these on weekend only, not here. They literally MELT in your mouth, they are so tender. Other great choices are fluffy and delicious raised cinnamon crumb, and maple bars.  So...neighborhood's not the greatest, but this shop is great!
5 what can i say i love donuts!
4 Made fresh everyday at 7pm... Check out the Jumbo size!!!
4 As soon as my sweet tooth is locked n' loaded, I'm huntin' me some donuts!  I spot this mom and pop kinda donut shop on the eastside of town and thank God they were open.  It's your traditional Ol' Timer shop where the elderly come by every morning for a cup of coffee as they sit down and chatter about the latest politics and read the news paper while they chew on their favorite frosted pastry.    DT's selection of morning treats was definitely a selection.  They have all the classics like the buttermilk sort and the twists to some new inventive yellow glazed roll don't know what to call it kinda' thing that resembles a cannoli :).   $8.50 scores you a box of 12.  The donuts were nice and sweet lil' things but they were a little doughishly dry, if that makes any sense.   My all time fave is the maple bar and it passed the test.  The only donut from my collection of 12 that didn't make the cut was the jelly filled.  The strawberry jam was too.. Manufactured? Thick? Artificial? Straight nasty!    But hey..  It's donut time anytime at Donut Tyme!!! ..well, literally 'cuz they're open 24hrs.
4 I love donuts and this happy little store on Charleston is the closest shop to my house. And whenever i want a donut, i want it as soon as possible. Donut Tyme is open 24 hours! which is a plus for me. I love their Cinnamon Rolls and their plain donuts with blueberries in it.  The dozen is 8 or 9 dollars and usually when i go they add 1 or 2 extra glazed donuts in there which is quite nice, and for 8 or 9 dollars, that's a great deal! Everytime i walk in, i'm greeted and the place is very clean. Though sometimes the workers don't wear gloves or have a hair net or a hat, and there's no screen or window for the doughnuts so for me i have to take a star off.  I like a clean store with some sort of barrier for their foods and a bit of health regulation in the front. Looking in the back i do see gloves and cleanliness so good job!!  Overall i do like this place for my doughnuts. Fresh made, tasty doughnuts, good customer service, clean store, price is just right.   Though wish something were covering those doughnuts, as flies and dust may get on them, and for someone with no hair net or hat risking the chance to have hair fall out and into the doughnuts, is a no.
4 Do-do-do-donuts!  Who doesn't love donuts????  Especially fresh donuts that you can get 24 hours a day!  Yes, 24 hours a day!!!  Donut Tyme is my mom's go-to donut shop on the East Side.  I have sampled their donuts plenty of times and have always had a happy belly afterwards.  I finally made a trip to the store to pick up some donuts for my mommy.    The store is in a small strip mall on Charleston and Lamb.  It doesn't stand out much, so you do have to look for it.  Parking is treacherous, so watch out for the crazies in the lot.  I almost got hit 3 times because not one person was looking while driving.  The lanes seem narrow too, so it seems you are right on top of the next car.    As you walk in, the store doesn't have any ambiance, but the donuts totally make up for that!  They have all of the wonderful classics you grew up with like maple bars, chocolate covered, apple fritters, and of course SPRINKLES!  They also have specialities options like the apple burrito and giant pinwheels.  I haven't tried all of them, but the ones I have are yummy goodness.  My favorite it the glazed donut with chocolate topping, closely followed by the glazed buttermilk.  I know it isn't fancy, but it is super great!  The prices are reasonable too.  Regular donuts start at $.80 and the jumbo ones start at $1.50.  You can get a dozen regular donuts for $8.50!  The shop isn't fancy or trendy, but they have legit donuts.  Don't walk in hungry, because you might walk out with 4 dozen donuts!!!
3 The donuts are decent but selection could have been better.  I heard mixed reviews about the place so I had to give a try myself.  I went later in the day so Ofcourse they weren't fresh but I miss the mom and pop - type donut places so it was worth a visit.  Overall,  pretty good;  better than most,  but its no krispy creme.
5 Click here to see the video http://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=21mXCyAfq_U
4 A 24HR donut shop, yay!  New to the neighborhood and was pleased I could make a quick stop before my early shift. Been to this shop for a dozen more than a few times to take to the office and they were always fresh and honestly good.  Buttermilk donuts got two thumbs up from a couple of the gals who like the classics.  Thanks, Donut Tyme for honestly good donuts!
4 It's pretty far from the strip for a tourist but it's worth the drive to me. The donuts here would have to be some of the freshness i have ever tasted. It's great with coffee or a late night snack. The only downfall is the location.
