1 I used this company for years and USED to swear by them. Apparantly they're under new ownership or management and boy, have they gone downhill!  1st, they charge completely outrageous prices for the installation of your "leased" or rented equipment. You DO NOT own it when you pay them literally thousands of dollars at start up.  Once it's installed, the nightmares begin...CONSTANT breakdowns and malfunctions of their equipment, which sure, they'll come and fix it, over and over and over again, after repeated false alarms disturbing not only your sleep in the middle of the night, but your whole life because you never know if it's a "real" alarm or not.  And then, what a coincidence, they will send out an Alarmco guard to check your premises to make sure it's secure. That's wonderful, but read the fine print....it's $50 for every false alarm.  IF you notice all these $50 false alarm response charges, realize it's all because of THEIR faulty equipment, and call them to complain, you get to leave a message for the account manager who will "call you back to address your issues" (don't hold your breath)  After 6 months when you just can't take all the false alarms, extra charges, broken sleep, appointments for "fixing" your system, etc., and decide to tell every representative you talk to 3 times a day (because that's the minimum # of calls for false alarms in a day) to CANCEL the service...they inform you they have to have it writing because they have to confirm it's you and have back-up (even though every call is recorded and you're required to give your password on every call to confirm your identity)  They give you a fax # that apparantly never receives your request for cancellation of service. (What service!?)  But wait...it gets even better if you happen to sign up for service out of Vegas!  Your $50 false alarm charge doubles to $100 if they have to send a guard "way out there". Funny, the contract doesn't say that. Also funny that you don't even have the option of discussing the false alarm charges due to THEIR faulty equipment if you're not close.  This company is being run by CROOKS....DON'T DO IT! And then they hand your account over to a collection agency for a few more thousand dollars (not sure how they figure that out when it's $50/month)
3 We use this alarm company for our accounting office. The monitoring service is fine- no problems with that side of it. There are tv monitors throughout the office, to view the locked entrance (not open to the public). But if the alarm is tripped, and security is dispatched, there is a charge each time (I think that it is about $55- that's high, isn't it?). I know that this company has been in business for a very long time- since the 1950's, but jeez, it seems a little excessive. I would check with other companies before making your final decision about the best alarm company for your home.
5 I have been looking for a very old, very specific car key. I went to Lowes and Home Depot with no luck. Those places actually made me keys that didn't work. I work downtown and remembered that Alarmco has a lock shop. I went in to see if they had the specific car key and they did! It was a welcome surprise. The only place in town that did! The woman working the lock shop was courteous and helped me repeatedly when I came in for house keys next. I've never had a bad experience with Alarmco. I remember them being in that same building my whole life. As a native of Vegas it's nice to see a business thriving who has great service and a great offering. I definitely recommend the Alarmco lock shop as the first stop!
1 the worst alternative you could choose. dishonest sales personnel mislead you regarding the equipment costs: prices they quote (which are outrageous) are presumably for the equipment but, no, for installation only. they retain ownership but never verbally explain that. when you are even a  day late paying for monitoring, they threaten you with discontinued service and upcharges for reinstatement. more importantly: their response to an alarm is querulous! supposedly, a  return phone call is made, but if you are not home to answer, they simply call metro and you go into a queue for attention which could be quite a while, depending on metro's other activities. i never saw an alarmco person show for an alarm. never in 20+ years. a complete and utter waste of money dealing with these incompetent and arrogant people. any other service would have to be better.
5 An elderly  family member needed to change locks at his home.  Alarmco was out to his home the same day to re-key the whole house and make sure he had the keys he needed.  The technician was patient and realized that this customer needed complete explanation of pricing and options.  He took his time explaining what he needed to do, how long it would take and how much it would cost.  Great customer service from a long time Las Vegas company.
5 I purchased a machine shop cabinet at an auction.  I took the lock to Able Locksmith and Stanley (formerly Liberty lock & Safe). Neither company was able to key the lock. Able lock referred me to Alarmco. They are located on las Vegas Blvd. just north of Sahara. The 2 ladies were very friendly and asked me to leave the lock. A 1 1/2  days later they called to let me know it was ready. She was able to make a new key for the lock.  I asked how much it cost, she said nothing! It was no big deal. I was amazed, so I told them I would give them a Great review!
1 We purchased this security system after there were 2 burglaries in our gated community. We have had their services for 2 years and if it wasn't SO expensive to rip this system out & use another company, we would have stopped using them before the 1st year was up! We have had NUMEROUS issues with the motion detectors going off within 5 minutes of us leaving the house. They KNEW we had dogs, we explained & physically showed them where to dogs could go & that they could get on the backs of the sofas. WE were assured from the 1st technicians that the dogs couldn't trigger the motion detectors. THEY were WRONG!!!!!!!!! After numerous times of having to drive all the way back home to turn off the alarm, (IF you do not drive back home & physically turn off the alarm they will send someone out to "check" your property & you will be CHARGED for it!) we had them send our more technicians. The 2nd guy changed the sensors and ONCE AGAIN assurred us there was NO WAY the dogs could trigger the alarm. ONCE AGAIN they have been wrong about this on NUMEROUS occasions. The call center people will call you every 5 minutes while you are trying to drive home because you haven't turned off the alarm yet! While I was driving home tonight, AFTER I told the lady I was driving home, she called back! The second time I told her not to call me back unless she was prepared to pay my traffic ticket for being on the phone while driving! I have ZERO faith in this company and WOULD NOT recommend them to my worst enemy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1 I am outraged at this company.  Customer service is non existent and their prices are unreasonable.  There are too many other companies with far better products, service and prices than Alarmco.   Do not recommend them to anyone.  Run the other way!! Please save yourself the headache... choose a different security company.  They are rude, unprofessional and do not provide the service they sell to customers.
