5 I needed a used (hard to find tire).  Hub Cap Annie not only had the tire, but put it on so quick and had me out the door so fast, I barely had time to sit.  Super professional and very friendly--and for the short time I was there, I did notice the gorgeous rims they had on their walls.  Great place....go there for all your rim/tire needs
5 I have been to see the the guys at Hub Cap Annie twice. Both times were over the top, can they be any more helpful, polite and fair!!! I can not say enough good about this business.  If you need help with your tires, wheels, or hubcaps. Look them up.... Both times I was in and out and in less than 10 minutes and couldn't have been happier.
5 david and his crew are as knowledgeable and helpful as you could imagine, offering expert advice related to any wheel or hub cap issue. you may anticipate being treated fairly in every respect. try them and you will join their legion of fans!
5 I was having some problems with my car trembling at higher speeds.  Had the tires balanced, but that didn't fix it, then went to my mechanic who had just replaced the axles and he said I had a bent rim.  So I took it to Hub Cap Annies.  They looked at the rim and said it was such a small dent that it shouldn't make that much difference.  They then took all the wheels off and looked at all the tires and said the tires/rims were basically fine, but they would re-balance them if I wanted (I said no).  They then provided me with 2 new lug nuts (I have specialized rims) at no cost, and sold me their last lug nut key (I couldn't locate mine).  They didn't charge me for any of the service, and my car actually ran much better after being there (maybe the new lug nuts?).   Service was prompt and friendly.  I will go back again.
5 A few weeks ago, I hit a curb and had a blowout.  The tire rim was damaged and someone referred me to Hub Cap Annie.  Oscar did his best to make the rim serviceable again but it was hopeless because it was a steel rim and the damage was too severe to repair.  He ordered a used rim for me and an inexpensive new tire that was compatible with my Hyundai Sonata.  I went in on a Friday and by Monday, the rim and tire had come and Oscar put the tire back on and I was on my way, very pleased and satisfied with the service and the price.  Both David and Oscar treated me like a valued customer.  They were excellent.
5 This place rocks! Dave and his staff are always friendly and knowledgeable. I've been going here for years and won't use anyone else. They always take great care of me and my vehicle. Not once have I left unhappy.
5 After calling around to a few other places about repairing some deep scratches on my new Altima rims, I came here to see what they could do. Michael said he could fix them like new for half the price of the other places I called. And he did just that. In less than an hour he had my rims looking like they did when I bought the car. He did a great job. If I ever need anything like this done again, this will be my first and only stop. Thanks Michael.
