4 I've only gone here for a smog check since it's by my house. They are definitely legit and quick about the whole process. I registered for the DMV online that same evening. Since they accept competitor's coupons, I usually pick one up wherever I find one and come here.
5 Honest, reliable, and friendly service... would definitely recommend.... thanks Jim
5 Just went there.  As I was paying at the cashier, Roger had already come out and started with the smog check--it took him a whopping 5 minutes to complete the test, and I was out of there--friendly, fast, and fine job.
5 Got a quick 30 minute smog check there, failed it, and had my car repaired there and resmogged. The whole process was pretty quick and Jim let me know what was happening every step of the way. Very helpful and qualified.
5 It was quick, easy and they were friendly. I have nothing to complain about. :)
1 Please do NOT go to this place for anything. The staff is a very sad and angry. The staff was very confused walking around the business aimlessly not trying to help or guide anyone around. First the person who was performing the smog test didn't know were to find the vin number didn't smile or even acknowledge that he was suppose to be helping us just walked right passed us while we wondered if him or one of the 3 other people standing around are going to help us. Then The manager came out and tryed to help but got frustrated while trying to smog my vehicle which is understandable because its an old car however he exploded a list of vulgar language, yelling and stomping like a small child because the car was having a hard time getting a read. Needless to say im very disappointed. Please go else were if you want quality work. I support small businesses but never again will I even walk in that place.
5 This place is awesome - honest and capable mechanics, it is the only place I'll go for service. They've never once tried to upsell me anything. Smog checks are great too, fast and cheap. All the staff I've talked with have been very nice.
5 This place is excellent!! I came here for a smog test, it was about as easy and convenient as you can get. I handed my car to the technician, went to the front counter to pay ($15.99 - cheapest I can find in Las Vegas so far!!!), and by time I got back to my car, I could already see the results of the smog test on the screen- a big fat PASS!!! The whole process took about 3 minutes, maximum.   Jim, the smog technician is very friendly and advised me of all the necessary documents I needed to have before going to the DMV to change my car plates (since I was from out of state). He ticked the items off his fingers, making sure I had each and every one of them- smog test, Nevada auto insurance, out of state VIN check at the DMV, car license plates ready in hand, and car registration. That really saved me time as I had all the documents ready to go as soon as they asked.  I will certainly be returning to this place for my oil change and general maintenance. Thanks Jim for being awesome!!
5 What a great helpful and friendly place!!!! I came in one day for a smog check (which cost less than $20, WAY LESS THAN THE $67 it costs in Los Angeles!) and Jim helped me out. He told me to come back when I was registering my car, and he would take off my plates and put on the new ones after I got them. Well, I came back, and he did all that and checked the oil and water in my car too.  All for that initial price of almost $16. I will totally come back here when my car shits the bed. :D
5 Thank goodness I found this place because I will NOT be going anywhere else now! The staff is friendly and more than helpful. I have tried numerous places in Las Vegas and because I am a girl, they always try and rip me off. I showed up at this place and automatically felt like I could trust them. I live all the way over by Summerlin and I drive here to get any work done on my car. Also, the staff actually listen to you, so that what needs to get done on your car, actually gets done. They have even done extra checks on my car for me and adjusted things I wouldn't have known needed adjustment, just because.  Story: My car had been acting up for some time and I needed to bring it in to get checked, but I work 9-5 Monday through Friday and am so busy with work that I have no time to bring it in on the weekend. When I called them, they told me I could drop it off in the morning and they would drive me to work!! After they dropped me off at work, they called me within the hour to tell me what was wrong and I was able to pick my car up on lunch.   Excellent service and they go out of their way for their customers. At this place, customers definitely come first. Highly recommended and once you try, you won't want to go anywhere else with your car.
5 Went here for a smog check. Fast, friendly and smog check special discounted at $15.95.
