2 I was here twice in a two week span because my kid was sick. The girls checking people in were really nice. The triage guy the first time around was grumpy and smelled like he baths in dirty ash trays. The triage guy the second time around was friendly but didn't really seem to know what he was doing.   Waiting for a doctor or nurse took forever, of course. But, when we did finally meet a doctor they were extremely friendly and we didn't feel rushed. Good bedside manner counts for something (hence the two stars). Unfortunately, both times I was here the doctors mis-diagnosed my son and prescribed medicine that wasn't needed and didn't solve the problem.  Since my son wasn't getting any better I had to take him to his regular pediatrician, who did figure out the cause of his illness and now he's all better. It's a shame that I can't trust the diagnoses of the SMA doctors, they're nice afterall, but in healthcare that will only get you so far.
4 Located on the Rancho side, in the Smith's shopping center (the other SMA building is located on the Charleston side- so if you drive there, there is not a passageway between the two buildings, and you will have to exit and then make a left turn onto Rancho- yup, I speak from experience), this building has been around since the 1990's (was a patient off and on, over the years).   I chose this office because it's close to my house and the freeway entrance is closeby, so it's not an out-of-the-way commute to work. But, because Rancho is so darn busy, you will need to allow for extra time, so that you make your appointment on time. If you are very late, your appointment will be bumped and you will need to reschedule (saw this happen yesterday at my appointment). Also, I think that there is a charge for no-shows, BTW. This is a busy street, a busy parking lot for SMA, and all-around busy strip mall/shopping center, so expect delays when entering and exiting.    Recently, my insurance coverage has been with the same company, Sierra Health, so I've been coming here for the last two years for the OB/GYN department (located on the 2nd floor), as well as the mammography department- this is the one you get sent to, if there are "questions" on your regular mammogram (located on the 1st floor). If the results are normal, you will get a letter in the mail. If there are issues/questions, you will get a phone call.   The office building is clean and there are bathrooms located on the bottom floors. However, one day, when I was getting a mammogram, there was a terrible odor throughout, and the employees were saying that they had to endure working the whole day with that stench. As a patient, I could leave when the appointment was over, but those poor people had to smell that nasty smell for the whole work day.    I've also been to the Eastern/Harmon location many times but the OB/GYN department closed recently.    Manage your account online by visiting www.smalv.com Click on "my sma." Create your profile.  I think that there is one telephone number for the whole SMA system. The voice prompt will tell you to choose the department that you want. When I've spoken to a live person, the rep is usually nice and polite, like yesterday's conversation (if I knew her name, I'd mention it, but I forgot it).
4 I hurt my leg and I needed to go to Urgent Care to check it out. The staff is very friendly and for a Urgent Care center that is open 24/7 (like an ER lite) they are surprisingly quick and efficient. I saw the physician within about 10 to 15 minutes and he was really friendly and knowledgeable and most importantly not rushing at all. Overall if you need some patching up, then this is a solid place to go.
1 The wait is to long. Some staff are friendly.  Not a kids friendly urgent care. I waited about 3 hours. Its just funny that graveyard wait times are longer than if you come in the afternoon.
3 The nurses have really bad attitudes but the doctor was really friendly. I had been waiting in the room for 45 minutes and I went out to let them know because maybe I had was forgotten about? The nurse wasn't very nice when she told me why and didn't even offer up an apology. The nurse who did my pre screening was kind of mean too.
5 We walked into urgent care checked in, while I was checking my daughter in a dr walked up to put ice and a sling on her arm. So nice. We say now for less than 5 mins got called back to get her vitals checked. Now waiting for call to go get x-ray. Lets hope it's not broken. Great people over here. Very nice.
5 So this time the nurses and doctors were all super amazing and quick and sooooo professional and friendly  very happy with my visit especially since I was kind of embarrassed for my reason of coming here. (Weird rash on my thighs) he took one look at me and knew what was wrong instantly and wrote me a prescription and sent me on my merry way.
