3 Pretty decent selection of scrubs, pretty decent prices.  They have a large set of clearance racks where you can find some true bargains.
3 OMG.. I almost forgot about this place until I saw someone's review for something else. This is a great place to buy scrubs if you need them like myself. I went there last month and a couple other times. The place is a little crowded but that's because they are filled with racks and rows of nothing about scrubs and medical stuff. They have quite the selection of scrubs from Baby Phat to Dickey's. They have a huge section of clearance stuff. I walked out of there last month with about three pairs of scrub pants and four tops for $45. Not bad. I think I will be donating the older ones that I have... they are not torn or anything, but just older to less fortunate and getting newer ones each time. Like I had a lot of scrubs in WA at my mom's house in storage, but she had to make room for other things, so she asked and I agreed...  She gave them to my aunt... just to wear around the house. LOL...
4 This is a huge store with tons of scrubs at excellent prices, I buy 99% of my scrubs from here.  They also sell shoes and some cook/chef stuff too.  They have a large selection of clearance items which is always cool.  I found a 15% coupon in one of those brochure racks for tourists-SCORE!  I have returned items without any hassle too, so that is bonus.  The only downside is their ghetto-esque location.
5 Lots of brands and designs to choose from. Sizes aren't a problem here there's scrubs as big as 3xxxl. The staff was friendly, lots of clearance sections and there's awesome massage chairs to relax in. Oh and there's live birds! :D definitely coming back to buy a cute koi top :)
5 This place was HUGE and not what I was expecting. The bird is rather random, but fits with the theme. The scrubs and lab coats were reasonably priced and there were as a HUGE selection. Overall, highly recommend this place. The parking lot is very very small though, so be prepared to walk if its busy.
5 This place was huge!  It's located in the sketchy area of town and the parking lot was almost nonexistent, but they've got scrubs, lab coats, stethoscopes, and all kinds of medical jazz you need.  Like, whoa.  I bought a nice lab coat here for $19, which I thought was reasonably priced.  There isn't much to say about this place except this is THE place to get your medical uniforms here.  It's bomb diggity. I highly recommend it.
5 Love a store with a massage chair while I wait
1 This place is a nightmare. It's so unorganized and dirty. I can never find what I need and forget getting any help, no one speaks English. Last time I was there I had two bug bites when I left, that store is dirty. Maybe it was bugs from the birds they have caged by the entrance, I'm not sure. The neighborhood is sketchy, I was approached by a homeless man asking for money, and when I wanted to leave I saw him hanging around the parking area, so I had no choice but to walk passed him again. Even in daylight I don't feel safe coming here. I found another scrub store in town, or I will order online before ever coming here again. No thanks.
5 We had checked out a few restaurant supply stores for chefs jackets and hadn't found anything until we made our last stop at LVU for one last shot. Score! After figuring out how to get inside (we walked through an embroidery/seamstress shop) and were immediately greeted by a super friendly man standing just inside the store. He directed us to the chefs section which was amazingly huge, seriously they even had a chef jacket in my size! But get this, they had a humongous clearance rack where most of the jackets were under $10! It was a fuck yeah moment! The Mr got several jackets and I even got one for myself and you know what? I look super woofy in it too!
4 I have to admit that I was a little skeptical of this place when I first arrived. But I was in need of scrubs so I figured it wouldn't hurt to go in and take a look.  When I first pulled up I was able to get a parking spot right in front of the door.  I noticed in other reviews that there were complaints about the parking but there was a large sign explaining the huge parking lot in the back and directions on how to drive around the building to get there.    Once I walked in, I was overwhelmed.  This place is massive.  I was caught off guard by the birds and the water fountains inside but it keeps kids (and some adults) entertained.  There was a guy by the door that immediately welcome us, showed us the new Grey's Anatomy scrub collection and asked if we needed any help.  I decided to head straight for the clearance racks just to get a look at the prices.  I was impressed overall with the amount of clearance items.  There were sizes ranging from small to 5XL...only downside was they were mixed all together and it took time sorting through everything.  I was able to find to find a few scrub tops but there were a few that had the occasional pit stain.    Pants in the clearance section was clearly not an option for me.  I am about 5'10 and have a slender build and most of the pants were not made for my body type.  After about an hour of trying on and searching for scrubs, a guy approached me to let me know they had tall scrubs.  I was definitely impressed with the colors, brands and sizes of the tall pants.  They had enough options for me to get excited over.    They had every brand of scrubs imaginable in this place....even some I've never heard of.  The prices were amazing, even outside of the clearance racks.  They also had a great selection of shoes and other medical gear.  I also noticed there was other uniforms on the other side of the store but didn't venture over there.    I only gave this place 4 stars mainly because of the birds.  I felt like the birds were a little gross, especially in a place that sells uniforms and scrubs (even though I hope you would wash them before you wear them).  And they were a little noisy.  It's just odd to me that you would have any animals in a place of business other than a pet shop.  I will definitely return here!  And I left with a huge bag of scrubs so I'm happy.
