5 Haven't been to this location in awhile but they use to have the most amazing people working here.  When I say "amazing" I mean people who are not afraid to tell you to off if you complain about the wait...they knew that they were the only Popeys in town...hehe.  Now that we have numerous locations Im not sure their as abrasive.  Always great fried chicken!!
1 i have been there three times and never again. first two times the wait for spicy strips was more than five minutes. last  i got a food borne illness from the strips. i know it was the strips because i only eat once a day and that was it.
1 This Popeyes USED to be one of my favorite places to grab a quick bite.  The chicken was dry.  I ordered red beans and rice and got mashed potatoes.  My iced tea tasted old and oh, they didn't even bother to give me a spoon for the potatoes.  The girl at the drive thru window was rude and practically tossed the bag to me.  Never again.  There are newer Popeyes in better areas that still serve the chicken, biscuits and red beans and rice I love!
1 BAAAAAAAD customer service EVERY time I end up @ this joint!  It's not my fault that you hate your job or your life or both, so I don't need all of your stank attitude projected on me!  All a sista wanted was a 3 piece! don't mean the good Michael Jackson type of bad, I'm talkin' 'bout the what's that funky smell bad!  The red beans & rice are a joke now, and only the skin is seasoned.  I recommend Harold's over Popeye's ANY day.
3 My favorite place to get cajun fries. The bestest!
2 Only come here on Tuesdays! Two pieces (leg and thigh) for just 99 cents! Service is VERY slow even if they are not busy! If they are busy, then you better bring a book along with you or a full battery on your phone to pass the time!   IF they dont mess up your order then it usually is worth the wait. But you would think the wait would be quick since you can see all of the chicken that is cooked right in front of you!   So in conclusion, Church's Chicken (kitty corner to these guys) is slightly better servicewise. Don't get me wrong. I like both these chicken places but sometimes, good service goes a long way.
3 While I generally enjoy a good pice of southern fried chicken from Popeye's, on this particular visit I was a little disturbed.  At the drive thru sat a middle aged gentleman who called himself "Diamond."  Diamond demanded that I roll down my window so that he could tell me about his venture into the recording arts.  He then wanted to put a CD into my stereo to listen to while I ordered my food.  I declined, then he proceeded to MF me about not supporting artists and being a cheap ass because I didn't want to give him $5 for a CD that I have never heard.  I don't even particularly enjoy rap music.    According to "Diamond" he has the permission of the manager to sell his wares.  If this is in fact true, I will not be going back.  FYI; The chicken was the bomb!
1 Absolutely pathetic service!   WTH is wrong with this chain? They all suck so bad  and continually set the low standard for fast food  service and consistency.
3 There aren't too many popeyes around town.  I always love finding one on tuesdays to take advantage of their 2 piece tuesdays.  Luckily, there is one near my work place and I tend to sneak off to go get a box for me and my coworkers.    This location is an actual popeyes unlike the others that are shared with a Terrible's gas station.  Place does get pretty busy during lunch.    The service is fair, ordering is a bit difficult because they will not give you a few separate boxes for a few pieces.  A little difficult since I'm buying for a few people.  They do provide me with paper plates so I guess it works out.    Environment is themed to Louisana and there are plenty of tables to sit after ordering.  Parking is a plenty and it is shared with Chevron.    I def will come back but maybe will come before the lunch rush.
2 Do not visit this premises on tuesdays lol. Crowded.
4 This is the closest Popeye's I know of to me.  If I happen to be in the area I HAVE to stop in for the red beans and rice! If I knew how to make them like they do I would! I absolutely love them and as long as the biscuits are fresh and moist they go great with the beans and rice too.  The chicken is good as well but my favorite is the rice and beans!
1 Absolutely the worst Popeyes franchise I've ever been to. Multi-leveled incompetence all across the board from the manager to the fry cooks. Several visits to this establishment (shame on me), have shown that they either don't care about filling the order correctly or they are too incompetent to do so.  Ask for mild they give you spicy, ask for spicy chicken they give you a wrap. Not to mention the one time I used my credit card instead of cash(which I rarely do), and my card number is compromised. I'm over this place and I've expressed my concern to their corporate office. Franchise stores like this one will tarnish the image of the company.
4 I wouldn't usually write a review on a fast food restaurant, but I felt congratulations were in order. I can honestly say that my experience with Popeye's in Vegas has not been the greatest. I vudited this location about a year ago and I was not very please. I usually go to the Popeyes at nellis afb and an never dissapointed there. They happened to be closed so we ended up at this location (Rancho/bonanza). Newly remodeled, it's clean, the staff is quick, nice and attentive. The chicken was good and we were not disappointed. Give this location a try.
