5 This place has all the makings of one of my favorite shops: creepy vibe, rare stuff, and an owner that is a maniacal know-it-all geek par excellence. I wanted to buy a classic NES console and a friend had told me they sell repaired ones here. The owner offered to repair a used one for me within the next week for $40 or I could buy one NIB for $65. I had an immediate urge to play Duck Hunt, so I chose the NIB deal. They also stock some awesome vintage consoles, including Atari, Vectrex, and full-sized arcade games, as well as classic/rare video game cartridges. God, I feel very geeky writing this review, but I am sure I will be back for an Atari system within the next week.
4 Don't let the name fool you. There's more to this store than merely REPAIRING your games. It's a pain to get to, being in one of the worst parts of Vegas, bur worth checking out.  This is a full-fledged game store as well. And it'd even part arcade, thanks to several arcade cabinets in the store that are playable. The selection of games is WAY better than you'd expect from a store called Game REPAIR. They have games for EVERY system, of yesterday and today alike. Systems too. And even some rare import titles. There is plenty of obscure stuff you won't find in any other Vegas game store.  The personality of the staff seems hit and miss. Despite this, though, I've ALWAYS gotten help with what I've needed. EVERYONE in this store is knowledgeable.  My only gripe is the pricing on some of the items in the store, often outrageous when compared with internet retailers that sell the same stuff for cheaper.  Don't let that one gripe trick you. This is a GREAT store. Whether you're a Vegas Valley resident, or just visiting, this is one game store you need to visit.  TRIVIA: This establishment was featured in an episode of the History channel series Pawn Stars.
4 Place that repairs games..? yeah, i guess.  More like a place where you can sell new and used games. A place where you can play a couple really old school arcade games. A shop that delivers when it comes to trying to find the old game consoles or the brand new ones too.  Fantastic over the top service. I know nothing about games and he talked to me as if i was a genius. He explained everything and what the differences were. I could tell he was one of those geeky guys. Hell, better for me. I was there to buy my hubby the original game console. Shoot i already forgot what it was called. . but doesnt matter the guy new :) Everything is well maintained and looks brand new, whether it is or not. I was surprised about how small the shop is but in the end it really does have everything you need.   Was goingt o buy the single player but he told me it was only a 5 dollar difference to upgrade to the twin so i did. It came to 50 bucks. Cheap! i had looked online and couldnt find it cheaper than 75 for a single. He also made sure to put the warranty in my husbands name so that if he came back it would be easier. The consoles warranty was for a year.   I've been to many other game repair shops and always seemed like they were ghetto and unsuccessful at getting my hubby excited. When we passed this shop a couple months ago my husband was jumping for joy. This place is amazing and i cant wait to come back and buy some more "guy" game stuff from him.
5 I collect old video game systems, and as you can guess, they're not as easy to come by these days.  Like an idiot, I followed a DIY (Do It Yourself) that I found online to clean the screen of an Atari Lynx, and it went bad.  It went really bad.  Their game repair is mostly in regards to the more current systems.  My 20+ year old system was out of their jurisdiction.  After admitting that they don't have the experience to work on such a piece, the owner paused for a moment, then asked me to bring it in anyway.  He would take a look at it.  The store itself is nice.  They have a ton of old gaming stuff, even if what I brought in was just on the cusp of what they didn't have.  But what they didn't have they tried anyway.  Let me reiterate that.  Even though my system wasn't in their realm of repair expertise, rather than turn me away, they made an effort to help me regardless.  That spoke volumes to me, and the repair job status become somewhat irrelevant (though I still wanted it fixed, mind you).  And for their so-called "lack of expertise", they did a fine job anyway.  Mind you, I really made a mess of my attempted repair job, but the level that they attempted to restore it was worlds better than what I accomplished.  At any rate, they made it functional again, which was greatly appreciated.  The place is small, but they have some things that I haven't seen in years.  The staff gave me (admittedly deserved) flack for my botching my system, but it was good-natured, and I enjoyed talking with them as they worked on it.  The price was right, and more than fair as well.  I walked out very happy, and will frequent them again.  For a "Mom 'N' Pop", this place is a classy little find with a lot of heart.  It's nice to see that places like this still exist.
5 I love these people, they saved my ps3 and xbox
5 We recently had our Xbox 360 repaired here when we experienced the "open tray" error. The gentleman who assisted us was great and they repaired our system in just a few days during the holiday busy season.  I like doing business with genuine people like these folks who provide a fair and honest service.  In addition, they provide cost effective previously owned games as well.  We picked up a couple of those too!  Overall, a good experience and you can't go wrong here.
5 These guys are great. Super friendly and they know what their talking about. They always have what I'm looking for. I will be back again for any repairs I need or just to buy games
1 Ehh. The place is very low class. I was ignored for 5 mins til the clerk acknowledged me. He was too busy talking about cameras. I had a game that only work on online multiplayer but story would never work cause of a deep scratch. Ask if they could resurface the game as I was told over the phone they could do. The clerk said I can't resurface ps3 games cause of the foil of the bluray. I said ok no problem he offered to polish the disk at no charge which I thought was great customer service until I got home and he made the disk worse. I can tell this shop is almost done the store has like no new games and can't compete with best buy and GameStop . It your looking for nes, snes, sega or crappy bluray DVD this is your store.  Update: awwww your feelings were hurt. Next time acknowledge a customer don't ignore them, how about you say " hi welcome to game repair I'll be right with you" instead you talked about products that have nothing to do with your business. You should have good knowledge knowing that if I polish it could cause it to be worse mr 26 years experience.  You should making you store more presentable. I said you gave good service by polishing it for free and it looked great. I've been in customer service for 15 years. Next time a customer ask if you can resurface games says yes but not ps3 because they are blu ray. Don't let them waste there time and gas mister expert.
5 This place is GREAT!!  We were having trouble with our Xbox - a lifeline for our 10 year old.  I thought we would have to tAke it to Henderson to get fixed.  Brian just gave it a good cleaning and it works like a charm.  We will definitely be back if we have any more trouble with our gaming systems.  Thanks Brian!!
5 my husband and i came here the other day to hunt for some games for our collection. we're from san jose ca and everytime we travel we always try to look up shops that sell retro games. we came up on super castlevania 4 and axelay on the snes. got a great deal on them. the owner of the place was extremely passionate about retro games. i loved that about him. you can tell when someone is genuinely a gamer or someone is just there to sell (like the guys at gamers paradise) will definitely stop by here again when we're back in vegas!
4 I brought my PS2 in here for a quick power input repair.  I was in the store for maybe 20 minutes while the owner and repair man talked about games and gaming systems and soldered my PS2 back to working order.  He charged $25 for this repair which is a far better deal than buying a new system.  I got it home and played all day.  It had been a long time and I was sorely our of practice.  I'm glad I finally brought it in for repair.  It felt good to game again.  And if I ever feel the need to buy an old school game for my classic NES I know where to come.  Game Repair sells those old cartridges for a reasonable price.
5 I've stopped by here for retro games many times. Good business people, know their stuff. Thankfully I have never needed a game system repaired but this would be my first call. Highly recommend.
