2 They may have called this place, Booklovers, but I have my doubts.   There is a big sign on the window, We are always buying, or something to that effect. Really?   Here's how to test a used bookstore. Take some books in for trade, see how they act.   So I walk in. From the floor I hear a "Hi", then spotting my books, "Sell or trade?" This from a gal sitting cross legged and sorting paperbacks.   "Trade would be preferred."   So I lay them down and wander around. Neat orderly rows. Dinky shop. Well organized, though. Not much on any one subject. The dreaded books on tape and DVD section that has crept into most stores is apparent here, too. I note a few books that I might like. And keep checking the aisles.   And then I hear this older woman, who very much resembles a hamster, " Checked online, books aren't going for more than pennies." Then she disappears. I wander over and see her feverishly playing video poker on her computer.   And that's it. No other repartee', no discussion. Nothing.   I sense that a lot of stores are adding to the death of book selling by using the computer to cross check prices instead of building up inventory. This will be the death knell for small bookstores for sure.   So much for customer service. And I see she's torn my plastic bag as well. Great. She does offer another and as I comment on using them for kitty litter cleanup, she hits me up on a stray they found, seeing if I want to adopt it.   Thanks, but no thanks.   I was really tempted, but refrained, saying, I found a few, but I'll look online and get them cheaper. But it goes against the treasure hunt feel I like so much about good used bookstores. Of which this isn't one.  P.S. I did see a book I sold them online. Even though I didn't realize it at the time. It seems that eBay is the new lifeline for non-chain mom and pop stores. Good for them, but sucky for us.
2 4 stars for stock. Negative 2 stars for terrible customer service, and it should probably be more but I'm feeling generous.  I walked in and there was only one other customer in the store. The worker, I'm presuming owner, was in the back playing on her computer. She never once greeted me, asked if I was looking for anything in particular, if I was ready to check out. Nothing. I was invisible, and I was there for about 45 minutes. What the hell. The other customer had to *track her down* to pay, and she didn't seem happy about it.   Their stock is the only redeeming quality - and I won't lie, compared to some other stores in Vegas, their selection is fantastic. They had not only older novels, but tons of newer novels in great condition. Looking for Game of Thrones? They have about fifteen copies in paperback. They also have an extensive childrens and YA section, which (although I'm twenty two) is a favorite of mine.  I'm surprised this store has survived so long with such terrible customer service.  Tip to the owners: SMILE and say Hello to the people who are giving you money! I would have purchased today if I had been greeted even once, or engaged in conversation -- but instead, I left feeling sour. Buying books should not be a negative experience. The reason I don't buy solely online is because I like face to face interaction with other book lovers, but they certainly don't work at this store.
3 We've been stopping by here once or twice a year for the past eight years or so.  I'm giving up one of my best kept secrets by saying this, but I've picked up many a great cookbook here on the cheap.    Customer service can be a little terse - but hey, I'll take a Mom 'n' Pop with a little curmudgeonly character over a chain store manned by bubbly Barbie's any day!
5 This family-owned used bookstore is about 16 miles away from my residence, but the trip up there (and back!) is always worth it.  As I recall, there's the mother, the father and their 20-something daughter.  When you first enter this tiny place, you're immediately impressed with the cleanliness of it, and the condition of the books.  You can tell that they really love books, but maybe not as much as they do their customers.  They thrive on repeat business (as do most places) and they go out of their way to make your visit a pleasant and most enjoyable one.  They're very helpful, friendly and accommodating, and I have never had any kind of an "unpleasant" visit there.  Here's a suggestion, if you live far away from them, as I do:  Call them up or send them an e-mail, so they can save you gas & time, if they don't have exactly what you're seeking.
2 I definitely won't be going here again. It's close to my house, closer than other bookstores, but the service was terrible and the woman was unfriendly. I was trying to sell a bunch of books, and I let her know right when I walked in. I didn't come in with them because I had a huge bin full of books that was difficult for me to carry. I told the woman that and she just told me, almost as if I was stupid, to grab a cart and bring it in. The cart was hard to get in the door, but she didn't even move to try and help me.  When she finally started sorting through my books, she didn't say a word to me. There was another customer in the store, though, that she was talking nonstop with as she sorted through my books. She didn't explain why she didn't want/need anything, or ever say about how much I should be expecting. The only time she spoke to me was to tell me that I shouldn't expect much, and then that she'd give me 10$. Ten dollars for about 20 book that were brand new or very close to brand new. I would have just turned her down, but I really had no reason to keep the books anymore.  I definitely won't be there again, no matter how good their stock seemed to be. Their stock is the only reason they didn't get one star.
3 Staff is friendly, selection is so-so, which is about what can be expected for a shop of this size. Middle of the road for used bookstores in Vegas.
3 Pretty typical used book store. The huge selection of paperback romance, a new age section.. A little bit of everything else. Prices are ok, but nothing super special. Staff.. Well, I wouldn't really call them rude, but they really don't seem to care if you spend money here or not.  Dead Poet Books is better, but this place is worth a look if you have some time on your hands  and you happen to already be nearby.
2 Can't say that I was too terribly impressed. I had been in previously and bought a bunch of inexpensive hardbacks to fill a bookshelf, so I didn't pay much attention to the inventory. This time I went in looking for a specific book. They open at 10:00 and I walked in about five after. Upon entry I noticed an employee behind the counter with his back turned to me eating. Kind of hard to believe he didn't hear me come in I for his attention and asked if he could look up a book by title. "What are you looking for?" he asks. I tell him and he says "I don't have that." Really? He's got the entire inventory committed to memory? Maybe he is a savant or has photographic memory. Not much personality and not very friendly. I would have expected more from a "mom and pop" type of shop. Found what I needed on Amazon. Really no need to come back here.
