5 The people that work here are very friendly and love animals. The facility is quaint but clean and it is clear that the doctors truly enjoy what they do. They are gentle and best of all they are affordable. They are open on Saturdays and also have emergency services available.
4 Hiya,   Dis is the garden cat known as Troibos Da Tippytappz.   Momz takes me here freaking out with emergencies ouchies. Momz has nots founds a good vets- other vet she took the flat face monstor to (you know dis one as "pug") and says she doesnt like. Good- longer time I skip my checkup.   Oh yes, di emergencies. I peed on Momz clothes and she was mad when I peed on her chair. I was giving her that as a sign I hurts so she made appointment to check up. Dadz not happies eeee thors. A few hours later, I no feel so well. Momz held me and it hurt so I pawed at her face to get awayz and ran to my hide place- the bathtub with my blue blankie. She calls gran maws and great grand maws. I hate rides. I dont know what the flat face talks about rides so nice. I screech at momz to show displeasurz at rides and this cloth box.   Vet office was scary but they finish fast. He opened di mout and look at my bootiful eyes and he poked my leg with something ouchie. I thought this place was for feel bettows? Then I get taken home and for two weeks mom gave me "the stick" with the pink candy. I noe likes dis candy so I make the squint face as Momz to report da displeasurez. Where is good food? I can haz cheeseburger and bundt cakez?   I dont know what happens, but then I feel bettows and back in di garden ordering da birds around. Yays!  Maybe he rubs da head and uses magick? I saws that on Green Mile. I no see Jerry Gumfory on the Tee Vees, but it works sames.   Oh Momz says that the price is reasonable. That means more fish dinnerz for meeesss. I like.
5 My husband introduced me to Northwest Veterinary Hospital. He's been bringing his pets here for over 15 years. Dr. Gumfory is very knowledgeable and caring and his office doesn't overcharge.   My pups get their shots, meds, food, teeth cleanings, check-ups and sadly, surgeries here and I highly recommend them.  If you're looking for a reputable vet at very competitve prices, look no further!
3 We have been taking our three dogs to Northwest Vet Hospital for several years.  Dr. Schrader was great, but in the last couple years, it seems to be a revolving door of veterinarians.  The couple times I've seen Dr. Gumfrey, he has been rather quick with his exams, a bit too quick jumping into the exam without talking to the dog to relax him or her.  Totally different experience from going to Dr. Kim Coyner.  Too bad she's just a dermatology vet.  I might give Northwest a few more tries, given that the rest of the staff are great.
5 Our Lilikoi loves Dr. Jerry and the nice girls working there. She doesn't mind getting her shots even. The office is very clean, Dr. Gumfory is Very good with animals, is a great and honest Vet, (and he even reminds me of my Dad :-) The office does not overcharge and take advantage of us pet lovers by overcharging, over diagnosing etc....!
