4 I was in Vegas with some friends, and one of my besties is a local and recommended this place for the karaoke and late night happy hour (12a-3p). So we jumped in a cab to meet him and another friend there.   We sat down at the bar and we were greeted by a wonderfully cantankerous bartender named Kevin. He served us up some wonderful drinks and witty banter. He really makes the place awesome.  We had some wonderful drinks and delicious pizza (white sauce, chicken, and mushrooms...I'm not kidding, you have to try it.yum). And it was VERY reasonably priced during their happy hour. I mean, it was downright cheap.  So why aren't I giving it five stars, you ask? Well, their karaoke wasn't working. And the bar wasn't as hopping as my friend says it usually is during karaoke nights, so we were disappointed. The karaoke lady was still there, attempting to work it out with her iPod and a few friends' phones, but when she said we could sing if we knew the words, she meant we could sing whatever songs she had on their phones. *Shrug*  Anyway, overall, I think it's a great local bar and I would give it another try for karaoke on our next visit. :)
3 One night, I was hanging out here with a couple of co-workers from a job I was working at the time. It had been someone's birthday and the Decatur & Hacienda PT's was the de facto meet up place for after-shift celebrations. But everyone else had long gone home and we were in there talking at the bar, the last ones to leave, as the sun started to rise outside.   At some point the jukebox starting playing "The Lumberjack" by Jackyl and I started making fun of it because, let's be honest, any song that has a chainsaw solo is required to be mocked.   Well, this must have been one of the bartender's favorite songs or maybe his cousin was in the band or something because he came over to us, looked at me like I just insulted his mother and said "So what do you listen to, Yanni or some bullshit?"  The question put me off balance. I wasn't expecting such a passionate defense of "The Lumberjack" from our bartender (or from anybody else on the planet for that matter) and I was dumbfounded at the egregious fallacy of logic by which he implied that, because I don't like my music to feature power tools, l must be some kind of New Age candy-ass.  Apart from that, it's a PT's. If you've been to one before you know what to expect. Probably got more amenities than most. They got plenty of room and a lot of pool tables and a dartboard and a Golden Tee I think. You can have a good time here, but if you feel the urge to goof on crappy butt-rock, then just make sure you are out of earshot of the bartender.
2 This PT's is just down the street from my favorite sushi place, Goyemon. During regular dinner hours it can be an hour or more of a wait to get a seat at the bar. However, you can check in and give them your number and they will call when your table is ready. That's what brings me to this PT's near Hacienda / Decatur.  This PT's itself is just another PT's and you'll find one every couple of miles here in Vegas. Most PT's get 3 stars. This location only gets 2 stars since it's a little more run down. Still got a great happy hour from midnight to 3am!
5 A Great bar!!!  The only problem is there is no coat check.
4 When we realized there was a two hour wait at Goyemon's, we decided to grab a brew at PT's (just down the street) while we waited.  One in our party needed a quick bite, and before we knew it a large platter of eye-pleasing nachos was delivered to us as lounged on the couches.  Tri-colored tortillas chips provided an aesthetically pleasing backdrop for an abundant array of juicy,tasty tomatoes, jalapeños, at least two kinds of cheese I believe, a generous serving of guacamole and sour cream, and even more than I can remember.  I struggled with deciding between three or four stars because the building and interior are worn and energy just felt a bit tired.  But every time I think about the cold brews on tap (I had a Fat Tire) and the scrumptious nachos, I realize I've got to give them props.  They are a pub and they do it well!  Based on this experience, I'll keep PT's in my list of go-to places when a group of us wants to hang out.  Cheers!
4 This is the spot I go after work.  Kevin the bartender seems very laid back and maybe even bored sometimes but he's nice.
4 PTS also has great food!! Not just drinks! I love their chicken wings! I come here often when I dont want to go to a club and would rather enjoy a chill environment with music and a couple drinks. Their pool tabs are a blast when I come with friends and we challenge each to some friendly competition. Great local atmosphere.  You cant go wrong coming here.
4 This location makes the best "Big O Burgers!"  I usually go late night, so props to that cook, but the day time one is great too!  The burger tastes seasoned and salty, some might not like that, I certainly do.  The onions are carmalized perfectly!  They always build my burger with care :)  I always ask for ranch and extra chipotle mayo on the side for putting on my burger and dipping my tator tots in.  Right by my house and perfect for a late night snack!
5 Best PTs in Las Vegas. .great staff Joe,Rachel and Danie are awesome bartenders . They pay attention to you and make u feel at home . GO Angeles!
