1 Restaurant was very dirty inside. The manager taking our order got it wrong 3 times. They've got 7 people working and still can't keep chicken ready to serve. Waited 7 minutes just to place our order to find out they had none and it would be another 15 minutes to cook some more. The spicy chicken strips (while had good flavor)  were extremely dry and small (more like large chicken nuggets). The green beans were cold, the large mashed potatoes were only half full and their soda tasted like the machine had not been cleaned in a few months. Very disappointing.
3 Order was prepared quickly and accurately and tasted fine. Could have used more dipping sauce. Fast food in Las Vegas. It is what it is.
1 Terrible customer service. I ordered something at the speaker.. Went to the window to pay and they had got my order wrong for a side, so my bf decided to just keep the side that was wrong and order another side that I had originally asked for at the speaker. The girl said we couldn't order the side at the window and whatever we ordered at the speaker is what we get. Ummm, what I ordered at the speaker is not the correct side you are placing inside my bag, honey!!!! Smh. I wonder how many mistakes and losses of money you guys are getting each day. Not to be rude, but when they had a diverse group of people working there.. The customer service was way better than all the Hispanic female workers in there now. I am of Hispanic background also.. Second time that I went.. The same girl was doing drive through.. Our red beans and rice was 75% full and we ordered a large size and the way she bagged everything was horrible .. My chicken was all on the bottom of the bag with the container empty on top. Horrible!!!
1 I just wanted a chicken wrap with ranch.  When I visited Popeye's tonight, my sister and I went through the drive-thru. While we were at the speaker, we asked about what was in their chicken wrap. We asked a few questions (if there was lettuce and ranch in it, how big the wrap was), but the ladies couldn't hear us and asked us to finish our order at the window. Eventually, we decided on 2 chicken wraps. While cashing up our order, one of the ladies started talking in Spanish to the cashier. Fortunately for me, my sister understood everything. They called us spoiled, complicated, and picky. Just for asking about the products you were trained to sell? So unprofessional and plain rude! Haha, and to finish it off, she put one packet of ranch in our to-go bag for two wraps. Very poor customer service.  About the food.. The chicken in the wraps were good. Flavorful like I hoped. The wrap itself was sooo plain. The ladies never told us they put rice and beans in the wrap when we clearly asked what was in it. Obviously ranch would be terrible in this kind of wrap.  I don't like writing these kinds of reviews. I love Popeye's, but I will definitely not be returning to this particular store.
1 This place has terrible customer service. I was in the drive through and wanted to add a soda to my order and they told me I couldn't get one because someone was behind me and the couldn't re-open my check?! That is so ridiculous. What kind of business is this where I can't add something to my order? They couldn't have gone to another register that was open?! I have never been to a place in my life that was not able to add something to a check. They must not want any business. They need to train their staff a lot better!!
1 I really love Popeyes they have excellent food. But the one on bonanza has the worst customer service especially the drive thru girl her name is Kenia. She has the worst attitude and the worst customer service. I asked for a drink holder she threw down my straws and rolled her eyes because I asked for a drink holder. I hope they find professional employees for their establishment. Because she is worst employee on the one on bonanza specially that drive thru girl.
1 Went there tonight with my husband, the food was prepared kind of quick. We got home and there were more crunch than meat on the tenders not only that the meat was extremely dry, the fries were chewy. The manager looked as if she had a problem with people ordering food. The whole establishment is terrible, the worst I probably will never go there
