1 i highly recommend DO NOT GO HERE. THIS IS THIER SO CALLED CENTRAL LOCATION.or HQ THEY still use the name THEY ARE NOT AL PHILLIPS.al phillips sold it a long time ago.they have been owned by banks and other companys for over 15 years now.they treat their customers like crap and their workers even worse.if they ruin your clothes(which they do quite often)you need a reciept for the stuff that they ruined or they will not do crap they will give you cleaning credit,who the hell wants credit .so that they can do it again no way .if you work for them and they dont like you for some reason or if they want a friend of the district manager then they will set you up to get you fired, and make you look like a theif.when they are the ones who rip off thier customersthey charge $6.19 for a pair of pants.for that price you have it cleaned 3 or 4 times you could buy a new pair.and what do you get for that price the same that you would get at a cheaper place.the same quality may be even better.
1 HATE  One of my shirts had a stain when I got it back that was NOT there when I dropped it off. Inattentive employees (I literally rang the bell 10 times with no response after waiting for a clerk for 15 minutes).  DISLIKE  They laundered my shirts after I told them I wanted them dry cleaned (partially my fault cause I didn't make sure the ESL clerk understood me).  LIKE  Open late.  LOVE  Nothing.
5 Spilled wine on my $300 sports coat at the MJ Show. Concierge sent it at 11pm to these guys. Overnight they removed the stain and had it back by the promised 6am! Only a $15 add for the delivery. Thank you guys!!
3 Very convenient hours. And ready by next day at six is not so bad. Prices were a bit higher than I've paid, but the front desk is never staffed. I rang the bell about three times and someone was finally able to assist me. I think they are great in a pinch where if u can't make it to another dry cleaner due to hours, they will suffice. Wasn't 100% sure they knew what I wanted due to a language barrier, but I dropped off a single suit so it was pretty obvious I needed it dry cleaned. Lol.  Oh also they said they only honor discounts if ur an MGM employee including this yelp 25% off one. So umm yeah. Little frustrating.
