4 Do you like fresh baked bread? That's one of the great things about this place. There are at least 5 choices of bread each day. How does Pumpkin Spice, Honey Whole Wheat, Jalapeno Cheese, or Chocolate Cherry sound? Come hungry because the sandwiches are nice and plump. They only use high quality meats and the freshest of vegetables. Their delicious breads are also available for purchase in loaves to take home or for gifts plus they ship anywhere in the country. Pancake or cookie mix? They also carry them. Once you try them, you'll fall in love!
5 Love walking in and hearing a Enthusiastic Hello and Would you like to try a free slice of bread. It was a day old but hell it was still soft and delicious. I love the COOKIES. The Chocolate chip ones, i keep them hidden from everyone else. And the different varieties of bread. And you must try there sandwiches that they make fresh how you want it. In this Down economy the doors stay open for a reason.
5 This review is solely based on a cookie a coworker brought me at work... and that cookie was BOMB!   It may have been one of the best cookies I've ever had. It came in a nice single plastic package with the Great Harvest logo on front. The cookie was kind of oval-ish and smelt great.   Once I took my first bite, I knew something was up. It was a soft cookie with some crunch. I never had this combination before in any form, it was white chocolate, cranberry, and oatmeal. Every bite just got better and better.   I was so stoked I saved a piece for my brother to try when I got home! It was pretty hard to not eat the rest of it on my way home. I'm definitely going to stop in sometime myself and try more baked goods and pick up a few of these cookies.
5 What's not to love?  Great sandwiches, great bread, lost of possible combinations.  I've been to a few different Great Harvest's and I think they make a pretty awesome sandwich.  Ordering is a piece of cake with their 'check what you want' method.  They've always given me a pretty decent sized free sample of whatever bread they have out for the day.  The sample alone is worth a buck or two.  There is bread to buy and take home (you don't have to leave it) and it's awesome as well.  Better than Subway by far and not much more, cost wise.
5 Great Breads! freshly baked, friendly staff and quick too. I love the Savannah Bar!
3 Naturally, the lunch spot during a typical training day, is none other than...the Great Harvest.  This bakery/sandwich shop serves up daily crash baked bread asking with your favorite deli meats.    What I like about this place is the daily fresh breads and free samples.  What I don't like is when the samples taste nothing like it's title.  Which brings me to the artichoke parmesan bread used on today's sandwich.    The sandwich I ordered, specifically referring to the paper order sheet.  This phenomenon perplexes me.  Is it in place to limit customer interaction?  Can't be since the staff it's rather friendly.  It's it to expedite orders?  Not quite, it seems to cause more confusion with larger lines and is senseless when there is only one person in line who knows exactly what they want to order.  I wonder if Mr. Harvest got into an altercation with a customer resulting in a messed up order, hence, the paper order sheet used for documentation purposes.  What ever the case may be, it is unique.    I tried out a pastrami and roast beef (extra $1) sandwich topped with lettuce, spinach, dill pickles, tomato, red onion, accented with basil mayo and cranberry sauce on parmesan artichoke bread.  A mint chocolate cookie was included to substitute for chips and an apple juice instead of a fountain soda.  The sandwich was...aight, nothing jumped out or wowed me.  There isn't even much to elaborate on.  It wasn't bad, just not special, yet, fresh and they walk out two feet beyond the counter to call or your name and bring it your food.  So the paper order also cancels it anonymity.    I heard this place is a known Mormon eatery, just a fun fact is all.  There appears to be a plethora of random business practices and history to Great Harvest, that I wonder if I even come here for the food, our dragged here every training, or gravitate here for some other cosmic unknown reason.  #ThingsThatMakeYouSayHmmm???
5 Simply based on your presence at Downtown3rd Farmer's Market, you guys are great. Everything looked, smelled and tasted great. You reeled me in with the smell of your bread and then you had me at Spinach feta. That bread is magical.
5 Omg..!! Best place ever really clean and smells delicious ....
4 I love this place. I don't come here enough. Aside from baking their breads in house they Also make awesome sandwiches.   Aside from regular bread they make sweet breads and seasonal breads like pumpkin!   Bread with butter is amazing.
5 If you want the best sandwiches and breads this is the place to go. It was my first time here thanks to my local friend Sako who brought me here for lunch. You can make your sandwich any way you want. You fill out a little form picking everything from the homemade bread to the awesome meats and vegetables. They have homemade mayos which are also amazing. The place is really quiet great for having business meeting or to meet with friends. Location is easy to find. When you get a combo meal you start off with homemade breads with butter. Delicious. I had the pumpkin bread it was yummy. The service is amazing. They bring you the food out as soon as it freshly made by the wonderful staff. This place should have more locations as I'm from Los Angeles and I wish I had a place like this to go to. Next time your in Vegas it if you live here and haven't tried this place, come by to eat at this one of a kind restaurant. Thanks for reading. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
1 This was horrible. My wife and I walked in, STARVING! Two girls were there. One was mopping, she stared at us the entire time without saying anything. The other girl had her head down at a desk in the corner, looked up stared at us for 10 seconds and put her head back down. We waited 2 minutes with both of them looking straight at us. We were the only 2 customers in there. We left. Great customer service. I hope the manager reads this. The 2 girls were not doing their job. They never said a word. 2/18/14 at 3:30pm. We went next door and had some awesome tacos and were helped right away.
4 This is a really fantastic place to have lunch. Although the price of the combo has gone up in recent years, it's about nine bucks now and I think when I started going there it was at about six. But still this is an amazing place to have lunch. First of all everyone that works there is young and friendly.  They bake 3 to 4 different types of bread per day and they give a free sample of that bread to anyone who walks in, you don't even have to buy anything. Then they take that fantastic bread and make stacked up high sandwiches that'll fill you up for lunch. Anyone who gets chips with their combo is simply crazy. The baked goods here are fantastic. Try a scone or my personal favorite if they have it the sugar cookie. It's got frosting and sprinkles and makes you feel like a kid while you're eating it!!!!
5 This place is amazing the bread is so fresh. We had a sandwich combo there and it was great then took home a loaf of banana nut bread and wow so good. Also they give you samples so we tried the caramel apple bread and that was addicting. Also the Irish soda bread and peperoni bread was great also. Definitely a place to check out, there's 2 locations.
1 I called my order in ahead of time and when I asked when can I pick up my order.. the lady on the phone said.. well whenever we get to it because we're pretty busy and have a few people in line.. She made it sound like I was inconveniencing her and I made it such a hassle for her for calling in my order.. I wasn't expecting that answer and especially the toned of her voice with the way she said it juz made it worst.. All she had to say was 10-15 minutes or however long she thinks it'll take them.. When I went to pick up my order.. I let the lady know how she made me feel and she still argued with me and supposedly that's not how she said it.. I asked to speak to her MOD but nobody was there so I asked for her name instead. The lady ignored me and walked away. I asked the other girl that was with her what her name was and asked why do I need it.. The lady that was helping me walked to the back, grabbed her phone and purse and walked out of the store and continued to ignore me when I kept on asking for her name as she was walking away. The whole experience was horrible.. The lady that helped me was very rude and unprofessional. I already emailed the owner and they still haven't gotten back to me.. Overall very unhappy with the service
5 Delicious bread, good portions, quality ingredients with sandwiches,  nice staff, and definitely a new add to my top lunch spots.
4 Oh boy. This place brings back a lot of memories!  It opened years ago back when I was in middle school. If I remember correctly, it took the place of a candy shop. At first, I shunned the place because my 12 year old self was mad that the candy shop was gone. Anyway, my friends and I would walk past here on our way home from school. One day a friend convinced me to go inside and try their pumpkin bread. It was delicious and cheap!   I'm making a mental note to try this place again and give an updated review.
5 Super friendly staff very helpful courteous  felt very welcomed delicious menu they have a built a sandwich healthy options to choose from would definitely come again I recommend it to family and friends
