5 I rented a car for a week while I had some custom work done to my vehicle.  Wow agent Valerie...you kick ass! I have never in all of my years on this planet come across an employee of a business that is truly as remarkable as yourself. Normally I would not review my experience in renting a car however she was the inspiration and motivation for this one!  Service with a smile...she takes it to a whole new level.  Fantastic customer service, she had me in and out the door in a jiffy and she was working solo on a Wednesday while she had an office full of folks dropping off, picking up, and extending rentals, etc etc.  She remained calm and she handled it so well, I did not give a crap about waiting in line for my turn to experience her sweetness.  I just called her and told her today what a pleasure she was to work with and that Enterprise is LUCKY to have her as she is truly awesome! She said I made her week! Yay!  I will be contacting her Supervisor as well to rave about this beautiful specimen of an employee they are fortunate to have working for their Company!  Service this outstanding is rare and it is mind blowing when you are treated so well.   Enterprise is lucky I don't own a business, otherwise I would snap her up to work for me in a New York minute!  Thank you Valerie! You rock!
4 Nice enough staff and more importantly a perfect location to where I was staying. Tried to call for a pickup but they were busy so I just walked. Had to wait 5-10 minutes for my car to be ready, and a coffee or a water while I waited would have been nice. Some other Enterprises offer this. But hardly anything to take major points away.
5 Been renting with this location for nearly a year and I can say whoever trains the workers there are doing a fantastic job.   Will continue to do business with them. I should include that it helps that Enterprise has $10 days on the weekends.
5 Not one that rented much cars in my life think maybe one other time. So I really had no bases too go on. I was looking for someplace close too the house. Price was fair and one that had car on site. I thinking since this location is no where near the airport had my doubts but figure give it go. What I found was great staff, professional, and could not have had better experience!   It all started with Cody. He was more then helpful explaining all my options. I was telling him that my car was in the shop needed something too drive around on my days off. He told me that get little extra discount for my situation. Bonus. Not once was he pushing me too get upgrade not that there was much options that day. More or less from the set of keys hanging only two too start with got one of them. He explained all the policies very clearly and made the process that much easier. It came too signing up for insurance coverage he never pushed it on me (although end I did get the coverage for two day rental). The whole time smile on his face, talking stories with him was great, and even once got the car the customer service never stopped. Few hours later got courtesy call from Enterprise. Asking if everything was good and simple call really showed me much they care about customer experience!!! The day return the car talked too another salesperson but the customer service was fantastic.  The price not sure if reasonable or pricey cause not too often rent car. If need car on the go would not hesitate too come back.
1 Just returned my car rental to discover I had been charged a $600 authorization charge without my consent!!!!!!  Normally, this charge is $250 (as advised by Enterprise associate Bryant), so I question the validity of this bogus charge!!!  Hmm, makes one wonder what this guy was up to?!!!  To make a long story short, I shan't ever be back to this Enterprise location!!!
