1 This is by far the worst service. I didn't even get passed the phone order. The man on the phone was very rude, and answered every question I had with a question. And he topped it off with telling me I didn't give him enough information for an answer. When I asked to speak to someone else, he informed me that he was the owner and manager. How convenient. His customer service was so horrible, that I went with a different company, and even paid more. I guess you do get what you pay for.
5 I have a small house and was planning a birthday party for my 2 year old. I needed tables and chairs and it was a toss-up between United Rentall and Rebel Rentals. I personally prefer dealing with small businesses, and decided to contact United Rentall. The man I spoke with, Ray, at first sounded a little gruff, but he is very thorough, understandably so, since he needs to know exactly what items you need, and what date you need them delivered. His prices beat Rebel Rentals. I sent him an email with the items I needed. He replied with a quote within reasonable time, and made sure he was available to deliver the items. He was very respectful and professional. You just have to get passed his "gruffness" in the beginning, because dealing with him was such a stress-reliever. Because we all know party-planning is so stressful. Also, his equipment is clean and in great condition. I know the website doesn't offer pictures, but from my experience, everything was really good.
1 I contacted this vendor for rates on chairs for our wedding this September. I spoke with Ray initially in person, and he requested that I submit an email to continue with my rental request. Ray was very quick in getting back to me, which I appreciated. Ray was also willing to be flexible with his rate quote. We reached a price that we were both agreeable to last Friday. However, Ray was insistent that the "special price" be committed to by the end of the day Friday. He also insisted that to guarantee the price, he would require full payment. I offered to pay more than 50% to secure the rental, and pay the balance 2 weeks prior to the wedding date but he would not accept less than the full payment.  As a customer, I cannot feel comfortable providing this much money over 5 months in advance. Again, these chairs are for OUR WEDDING, and I certainly wouldn't back out at the last minute. Ray was unwilling to accept an over 50% deposit, so I called around and found a vendor that not only matched his price, but accepted a deposit. Keep in mind, Ray and I were going back and forth via emails for 3 days.....and I just completed my order, put down the deposit with the other vendor, all while on my lunch break. One less thing to worry about for me!!   Flexibility goes along way. Expecting full payment for a service that won't be rendered for another 5 months is unacceptable. While I appreciate Ray's quick responses to my emails, unfortunately he has the same approach to getting your money. Quick.
