5 Nice neighborhood bar!! Medalist Dart Leagues.  Good prices. Lots of retired military. Karaoke on Sat nite 9-? Friendly place!!!
5 The bartenders are friendly! When you first walk in you soon realize the atmosphere is "everyone knows your name" yes, there are a bunch of older people (at times) its is all around a fun place to drink! Would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a bar to call theirs!
5 This hole in the wall place is FOR SURE one of the most DIVE-Y bars that I've been to. Now, I've been to some serious dives in LA but this one takes the cake, and it's in my 2nd favorite city. On the weekend of my last visit, late April, I went to Jack's to meet up with my cousin. He works and lives out in Vegas and when I asked him where we could get a few drinks and throw some darts, he immediately told me to meet him out here at Jack's. I didn't know what to expect but I def didn't expect this. When you arrive, it's next to a thai restaurant with a huge green sign. I guess the HUGE GREEN sign means that they're hoping for a lot of moneY? IONO. Anyways, parking is free and usually available. To get into the place, hope someone sees you approaching the door. Otherwise, you'll have to ring the door bell and someone will buzz you in. There are two dart boards to the right of the bar and a few others towards the far left, in the back. The bar is centrally located. The bartender is as sweet as ever. With me ending up having been the DD for the night, she gave me unlimited COMPLIMENTARY sodas. I was there for several hours. It was a lot of fun though, listening to various people doin' their thing with the kareoke, tossing darts, and just hanging out with the boys and laughin'. It was awesome. The prices are pretty awesome here too. They have happy hour specials.   WARNING: CASH ONLY BAR!!!!!   Would I come back to this place, for sure!! It's off the strip and it's not full of crazies. This is like going to Cheers, where everyone knows your name. It's a pretty chill friendly family type place. Of course, that doesn't mean you bring your kids here. DUH. But, it's a place that relies on the patronage of its regulars.   For those people who like craft beers: this is NOT the place for you!
