1 Totally Unbelievable......A healthcare company charging $100 to deliver a part especially being that your traveling and have been a customer for several years. They should do the right thing and deliver it for no charge. I called them to see if I could get them to waive the fee I was sure I would be able to get that accomplished and spoke to the branch manager and she was less than helpful and almost downright rude. Kept saying I am not trying to be difficult, oh yeah well than do the right thing and make it happen. Especially for someone who has been a customer for years. We never pay for delivery in Phoenix. She said the only thing we could do is pay the delivery charge or someone would need to come down to pick it up before 5. She had the odasity to say something like if it is that important to you, you should pay the $100. .....totally disgusting way to do business.
1 4/09/2013 I received a call from Apria Heath care saying they were taking over my Oxygen equipment from Preferred Home care and would be out to bring their equipment the next day. I was in shock. One days notice and they are taking over. Called my insurance co and they could not help me so called my Doctor and he had not made any changes. My Doctors office and Preferred Home care and I were on a 3 way call to find out what was going on. Not much help Apria was in charge. I was sick because Preferred Home Care's equipment was so superior to Apria's.  When Apria called me they did not ask WHAT equipment I had or needed. I had had them several years ago and I was also extremely upset so just figured they knew what they were doing. WRONG!!  4/10/2-13 The driver came with the concentrator, the home fill unit and a large tank on wheels. I am 78 years old and use a walker so the only time the large tank is useful is when I go out for the day like to our clubhouse and want more oxygen than the small tanks give me. Also No pulse regulators. I asked where were my small tanks and carrying case and pulse regulator? Apria does NOT have the built in regulators.  I tell the driver this, so he writes everything I did not get down for me with the part numbers and says all I have to do is call and tell Apria I did not get them and to send them out to me. WRONG AGAIN!! This was on a Wed. April 10th. So I called Apria and the person I talked to said I needed a new RX and a new Evaluation after being on Oxygen for 10 years, in order for me to get these small tanks. I argued and argued. I could not go out anywhere without the small tanks. Never mind this woman would not hear me. I said "WHY WOULD YOU NOT REPLACE THE EQUIPMENT I HAD WITH THE SAME EQUIPMENT YOU WERE BRINGING??? DEAF EARS!! Would NOT listen to me. Said I needed a new RX for the tanks. WTF??? So called my Doctor and had them call Apria and they got the same run around. All day we went through this and came to dead end. So my Doctor gave me an emergency appointment and sent a cab for me. It cost me money I did NOT have. Also I had to keep Preferred home cares equipment because I had to use their small tanks. I also had another appointment the coming week.   At Doctors office we went through the evaluation, of course my Oxygen levels dropped to almost pass out stage without my tank. Figured I had everything I needed done. Doctors office said they would take care of everything that day, April 12th.  The following week went by and I hear NOTHING from Apria. So yesterday morning April 22nd first thing I call Apria again and the woman tells me I HAVE ALL MY EQUIPMENT!!!!! She shows it had been delivered on the 10th.  OMG, I tell her I have my copy right here and it does not list the small tanks, carrying case nor the pulse regulator. I was furious. She said she would have to INVESTIGATE.!!!!!!! I had the drivers cell phone # because he had called me and it was on my caller ID so I called him. He was in the office with this woman and told her what he delivered. They said they would deliver the rest of it tomorrow.   This is tomorrow April 23, 13 days later, 11:30 am and I am waiting. Also the concentrator they brought me is a piece of crap. It is so loud and it make the entire room vibrate and is extremely hot. They say they will exchange it.   I am sending a copy of this to my Doctor. Such complete incompetence and what they put me through is a crime. As I said, I am 78 years old, in poor health with many other things going on with an extremely bad back and arthritis and much more and in constant pain and I have to deal with someone else's stupidity!  It appears to me that rudeness and ignorance are the top qualifications for employment. Dealing with someone's life or death to me is an important matter but in these days we just get indifference.  Waited all day. Called an hour ago they said they would be her by 5pm. It is 5pm and still nobody here. I would like to start my dinner but I would not like to be in the middle of it when they did decide to show up. I have a feeling this is NOT going to go well.  About 5:30 a very nice tech showed up with all new equipment. It took me a while to get friendly after all I had been through for nothing. Just because whoever called me on the 9th and 10th of April would not listen to me, was rude, did not know her job? Had no idea what I was trying to tell her. That it was their business to find out WHAT EQUIPMENT they were replacing. How can they do this to old and sick people?  I never want to go through this again. I should live that long. Almost had a stroke with my B/P being 190/100 all because people do not do their jobs.   I do thank the tech that took care of me today and got all the right equipment installed and working.  4/24/2013 I did email this in total to Apria and a management representative is suppose to get back to me. None of the above can be undone. But maybe some steps can be taken to improve service.
1 If negative stars were available, I would certainly give Apria several! My wife and I are in our sixties and had been using Apria's services for several years. A few months ago they started billing us for equipment which was covered under contract, with our Insurance company. We tried calling Apria's billing department several times and being placed on HOLD for up to 20 minutes each time. We were contesting the bill and apparently, that department is either overloaded with work; don't have enough help to answer phones; OR deliberately place clients with contested bills on hold to put them off. I then called back directly, and tried the department charged with accepting BILL PAYMENTS and they answered on the third ring! After speaking with a representative and explaining the situation she boldly told me that if the bill wasn't paid ON TIME we would be sent to a COLLECTION AGENCY. I told her that IF we were sent to a collection agency, I would be on the phone to the State Attorney General's office and charge Apria with coercion. After eight years with these clowns, we're through with them and their OVER CHARGES for equipment which should cost, by far, less money. We now do business with Lincare. Apria can kiss my ass.
