5 I have been a fan of this place for about 3 years now and I only like to give my son (Pomeranian) the best, therefore I hope they are around for a long time because they are simply the best. I love the doctors, staff, and groomers. They have the kindest touch and attention and my pom's reaction is testimony to this, he never shows any sign of nervousness when it's vaccination time AMAZING huh! I have also used them for boarding and they seem to have the most reasonable rates.
5 Each time we have had to take our pets into APH, we have had great experiences. The staff has always been courteous and friendly. Our dogs are normally very difficult to manage at vet offices (partially due to the staff), at APH though, the dogs were less reactive and more at ease.  Today's visit with our cat, she was purring the whole time, didn't lash out or hiss at all.   The staff is very friendly, personable and knowledgeable. Add to that, their rates are lower than other vets we have been to, they will offer multiple options, with different prices too.   We will definitely be going back, and recommending APH to fellow pet owners too.
5 My boyfriend and I recently added a black lab puppy to our growing pack of dogs. Actually, our little Jake will be the last doggy for awhile. So with one growing puppy and two mixed chihuahuas we need a good vet.  American Pet Hospital does two things: takes care of animals and humans well. Jake has been since he was brought home at 3 months. He has been for numerous shots because unfortunately he had kennel cough and worms AND THEN tape worms. However, no fear! The vets here have taken very good care of him. He does not whimper or shy away. He whines a bit, but he is a puppy.  The staff and the vets are animal lovers to the core, you can tell. They are always smiling and handling the animals with care. You really feel the warmth here. :)  I'm so happy to have found such a wonderful animal hospital. It's a bit far from our home, but I am more than willing to make the drive to Henderson.
5 We have been taking our pets to the vet at American Pet Hospital for more than 8 years.  Recently, our beloved family dog became ill with cancer and we had to put him to sleep.  The entire staff at APH was amazing throughout the entire experience, from diagnosis, to our last trip.  Today, we received a sympathy card from them in the mail.  Our hearts were touched, but imagine how surprised we were to open that card and see that many of the staff members had written personal messages to us!  (We often used their boarding services, so many of the staff members had spent time with our dog.)  The time and attention they gave us was amazing.  I would highly recommend American Pet Hospital.  They are truly wonderful, caring people!
5 This vet's office is great! We take our two pups in for routine check-ups and occasional dental work without incident. They all seem to have a passion for animals and are always very kind and helpful.
1 Horrible!!! I bought a puppy from PetPros and they use this vet for a free puppy check up. I decided to go, it's right up the street from my house and my vet (that I LOVE) is a bit of a drive. Once I got into the exam room a vet tech came in and asked me several questions about how she was adjusting ( eating, drinking any loose stool or vomiting etc) I told her no, everything was great but her stool wasn't as hard as my other dogs, which in my opinion is to be expected.. new environment, people and new food. As soon as I mentioned that she recommended a stool test "because 7 out of 10 dogs that come from a pet store OR breeder have parasites". I still said no thanks, I will have my vet take a look at her when I go in a week to have my other dogs teeth cleaned. She then said that she was due for her next round of shots even though on her paper it showed she had a series of shots less than 10 days ago! Said no thanks again. She went out of the room and spoke to the vet and another tech saying I didn't want to do the stool test or shots.. then ANOTHER tech comes in to tell me it's very necessary to do the test now and if they find anything PetPros will pay.. The second vet tech was SO RUDE I ended up walking out of the room. They are total scammers and were just trying to see how much money they could get me to spend! Never even got to see the Vet!! Ridiculous!!! I will NEVER go back.. PetPros should look into using another Vet!!!
5 I have taken two of my dogs here for shots and teeth cleaning/extractions. The vets and staff here are the best. I feel my 'babies' are in the best of care. I would recommend American Pet Hospital to anyone.
5 Dolce has been going here since we got him at 4 months old. Their services offered here are great. The doctors are awesome at keeping up with vaccinations, check-ups, etc.  The groomers on the other hand....I guess they do a great job, but for us, grooming Dolce here once was enough. Those of you who have met our little fur ball (He is a cream colored Pomeranian) know that Pomeranians have that specific shape, but our Pom ran out of the room looking like a HUSKY!?!?!? Takes a lot to p**s me off, and this was one of those moments,(4 years ago) but thank goodness his coat grew back into our little wookie...whew!!!  Boarding Dolce here hasn't been a problem either. When Mama and Papa go out of town, American Pet Hospital has some of the cheapest rates in town, and Dolce gets great attention and care from the staff.  ALOHA!!!
1 Front staff was very helpful and accommodating with the fact that I did not have an appointment. The vet dr Franco was horrible. Brought my dog in for a check up since she has been having diarrhea for the last couple of days. Right away she prescribed some meds but how can we treat something we are not 100% aware of. Weird? She did not recommend giving a diagnosis at all. After a lot of back and forth, She then mentioned a test and when we agreed to it AND recommended a different test( I'm sure it would cost more) I am not a vet or professional but she did come off as trying to upsell and recommended other things for my dog at which we were not there for. After we denied medications for our dog her patience or attitude towards us was very unwelcoming and uncomfortable. Let's just say, her sarcasm was pretty strong and wasted couple hours and $47. She doesn't care about your pet, she just there to make a quick buck. I would not recommend this place unless you have a lot of cash to give away and don't really care what your dog has.
1 This place was dirty and the staff were rude. I had to bring my puppy here per the place I bought him, but I will NOT be going back. They spent more time pushing the food they sell in the lobby than they did examining my dog.
4 Very nice staff. I really enjoyed my experience here and will definitely bring my dog back for her routine care.
1 Very disappointed in this place. We bought our puppy at Pet Pros and they required us to bring him here within 4 days of purchase.  I called and made an appointment with them by phone, was told to bring a fecal sample. The secretary mumbled that there would be an "additional charge" to do a fecal analysis but didn't specify how much. I showed up for the appointment and one of the ladies at the desk told me it would be $27.  I said fine. After they admitted us into the exam area the nurse (who was very inexperienced and kept stumbling for words) was then telling me the fecal analysis was $55 and that they were already in the process of doing it. (WTF!) I told them I was upset with the discrepancy and was not going to pay for it. Prior to the doctor coming in, she forced an ear cleaner into my 13 week old puppy's ears and really made him uncomfortable. After that she tried explaining to me that my dog is in need of a series of shots, in which he already had prior to us buying him. I have his records with the expiration dates, so I just rolled my eyes as she explained. The doctor then came in, he was very knowledgeable and courteous but was still trying to up sell the shots that I didn't feel were necessary. If you care about your pet, you won't take him/her here.
2 I adopted my dog from the SPCA and American Pet Hospital was the closest vet to my house offering the free vet check. Front desk staff were friendly. We waited only a short period of time to see a doctor. She came in and my dog, being a puppy, and his second day with me was jumping all over. I tried containing him, but he's a puppy....she seemed annoyed.  She gave him a visual exam, just looking over his eyes, ears, teeth...that was it. She then got into suggesting shots, testing. I advised he just had his rabies and bordatella vaccines at the shelter.  I told her I would do a fecal to ensure he doesn't have worms.  My free visit ended up costing $120 in the end. I don't like when you go to places that offer free initial visits and then upsell and make you nervous to purchase things your pet doesn't need.  I never went back, went to Green Valley Animal Hospital. The staff there LOVES animals, they don't seem annoyed with animals, and they give you a breakdown of what they suggest you do for treatments, along with what they recommend but also optional.
