1 I used to go here every morning for breakfast but no more.  This place has the rudest staff I ever encountered, particularly this one supervisor there who is bossing everyone around.  If you like psychodrama and tension in the morning, this is the place.
5 This was the first McDonald's in Las Vegas to have the new interior design & WiFi many years ago, when they still charged for it. This location is close to the corner of Sunset and Eastern, which is near the airport runway. The staff is friendly and the manager here knows how to get the customer their order quickly, even when there is a large group of people. This is a good spot to grab a drink or some food before heading over to Sunset Park across the street.
3 The staff is always nice to me. Of course I only know that because the drivethru kept dumping the drinks on me/my car so I started going inside to eat. I figured that was easier than dry cleaning or washing my car. The inside runs well together and handles the occasional freaks with class.
2 Today I ordered small fries. The amount of salt on the fries was tremendous. I would have asked for another order of fries with no salt, but I had seen there were no fresh fries being made at the time as the fry bin was full of those dreadful salt covered fries. I was on my lunch break and I didn't have the time to wait for a fresh batch. I spent around 3 minutes wiping my fries with tissues, desperately trying to get the salt off. Unfortunately this isn't the first time this has happened at this particular restaurant location. I am reluctant to go back anytime soon.
3 I eat here a few times a month and since the drive thru kept dumping my drink on me (twice in a month) I started going inside where the service is top notch. Of course today was the first trip to the bathroom where I discovered no paper towels (airblowers) but since I was there to blow my nose. I used a napkin and found no trash can. Im sure thats a price saving measure but I still believe you should have one or you will find all kinds of foreign objects being flushed down the drain. Just a thought guys. Just a thought.
3 Really really nice and friendly staff here.  I've mostly been through the drive-thru, and it's usually the same group of ladies working on Saturday afternoons.  Super nice and they never mess up my order.  My only issue is the drive-thru layout.  I don't like three windows, and I don't like the face-to-face ordering.  Seems less efficient, takes longer.  But all in all, good place.
4 Best McDonald's in town. Professional, fast and consistent.  Thats really all you can ask for in a McD's.
5 Now that they have upgraded and no longer have face to face, this is my favorite McDonald's in Vegas.
