3 This location was pretty busy on a Friday afternoon, but they somehow fitted me in. Although, I did call them first and let them know I was coming.   They do a lot of pedicures at this location. It could be just because it is the beginning of summer, but none of the seats were empty for the duration of time that I was there.  A full set starts at $25 and they did a decent job. I specifically asked for them to use nippers on my cuticles, but either the manicurist does not do it or she forgot---I forgot to remind her, but shouldn't she just remember? They have a good variety of nail polish colors, but I didn't see very many nail design samples, nor was I shown any. My manicurist was very nice though.  I am still contemplating on going back here. It might just be for emergency situations since the location is convenient for me, but it is not my favorite as of now. A plus is that the people are friendly and the place is not noisy.
1 If you want to be pushed to the end of the line, this is your place, Linda and Tina along with Larry will push customers into chairs to wait "5" min. or let you soak for 30! Sun City Crowd.....Have at it!
5 I have been a client of Fabulous Nails for 8 or more years.  And have had the pleasure of  Tina's work for all that time.  She does a FABULOUS job on  my manicures and pedicures.  I think the world of her.  She not only does great work but she's a fun person to be with.  I always look forward to being  in the salon.  It is bright and clean and a friendly spot to spend an hour.  And her  Vietnamese coffee is wonderful!!  The owner, Linda, provides waxing service and I think she loves to pull those hairs and see us wince!  Highly recommend Tina..she's a sweetheart.   Millie G.
1 Horrible is all I have to say! I was in Las Vegas for the holidays and needed a fill. This place does not do pink/white, okay, no problem. I asked for white tips and he also does not do gel!! WTH??  I had gel on my toes and he used his drill to screw it all up!!! Then he started to use a razor on the bottom of my feet!!  i think these are illegal and dangerous!!  I recommend finding somewhere else to get your nails done
4 I love this place. My girl, lesa takes her time and does a really close to perfect job on my hands and feet. The owner Linda is great at remembering names and always greets everyone with a smile and bit of conversation.   I can't speak for any of the other people but I highly recommend Lesa.
