5 I called Colburn Enterprises over 10 years ago to install a water softner for me.  Since then, I have been a loyal customer and have never ONCE thought I was over charged or taken advantage of.  They provide quality plumbing services and always leave the area they are working on in a very clean order.  I appreciate the honesty and top notch workmenship that Colburn has always provided.  If you need a plumber, this is a great choice.
5 My dishwasher hasn't been draining for months. I finally had enough money to get a new one. I decided to buy a dishwasher from my friend, as her mother had just passed and they were selling all the belongings in the house. I called Colburn to have them do the install. I originally set up my appointment for a Monday evening after I got off of work. A couple days later I realized that I had made a critical error! I had set up an appointment for install but not one for dismantling from my friends Moms place. So I then did when any tech savvy person does and youtubed how to uninstall a dishwasher. Within 30 to 60 seconds I realized that there was no way I would be able to uninstall the new dishwasher. I called up Colburn and explained what had happened and they were super nice. I rescheduled for a Sunday uninstall, install. They were so nice and on time, clean and efficient. They guy who came out even unclogged my sink for free. They are great! I will use they again and have already referred my friend to them. I recommend everyone to use these guys. In total for it cost me $230. There was no headache, the whole process went smoothly.
5 I have used Colburn a few times for routine plumbing repair. John is honest and does a great job. I continue to use them over and over when I need their services. We have 4 bathrooms and two water heaters a water softener and an RO system, I need to use them at least once a year now that our house is 15 years old. A++++
5 Really have to rate them top notch.  Wanted a water softner so gave them a call, a few days later John came out and helped me figure out what I needed.  Installed the soft water conditioner and discovered my plumming was screwed up was getting soft water everywhere, sprinkler, pool, kitchen sink.  Had to reschedule to get my plumming done right.   few dats later and after a few hours of replumming John gogt it right.  Everytime they came to the house they ensured I was more than satisfied.  I am happy with the work and will use them again if needed, they have my recommendation if anyone asks.
5 We needed a plumber to replace our pressure reducing valve A friend told me about Colburn Enterprise - best thing that could happen to us John came out check the valve - replaced it - asked use if we had any question on anything Great Guy - Great Service - Great price I will be recommending Colburn Enterprises to all my friends and neighbors who might need a plumber! They are the best in my book by far!!
5 If you need a plumber make sure you call these guys. Jason was on time and did a great job. Gave there number to some friends of mine same kind of service. It is good to know that there are still company's that can fix the problems with no headaches.
5 Wow!  In a time during which I am all too often disappointed in customer service, I was pleasantly surprised with dealing with this company. I called to have my water softener repaired. The service rep, son of the owner, came out the very next day, on time, diagnosed and repaired the problem in less than an hour, answered all my questions, made sure everything else was in order, and charged a very reasonable price, especially with the 40 for 80 dollar deal that was running on Yelp. I'm so glad I cancelled the repair appointment with Sears. Last time they came out, we paid $75 to have the man tell ME how to fix it, which took two days of me breaking up salt chunks.  I will call Colburn again in a second if we have further issues. Oh, they specialize in water treatment, even work on the big casinos, so his knowledge level was encouraging to say the least.
3 Paid for the yelp coupon to have someone tell me that I needed a new water softener.  Glad that didn't cost me the normal $80.  The service person was ok.  He was nice but like I said, it wasn't worth the cost.
5 This is hands down the best plumbers in town, superior customer service and very good pricing. We use them for both our home and office and it's always fixed right the first time.   If I could have given them 10 stars I would have!
5 Got home found water softner leaking. Called a few places and looked online. Saw the yelp reviews and decided to give a try since there's only good things about this place. Also. They had the $40 voucher .. What a deal since majority of all the places I called had around that a high cost to come by and check it out. Although Jeremy was backed up in prior appts the secretary updated me on what time he was able to come! I reAlly thought that was awesome! Great customer service! Jeremy was very helpful and explained what happened to my water softner. Very polite and friendly. Definitely will keep their # in hand for future reference/recommendations! Good prices!
5 If I could give more stars to this company I would!!!  I needed a new kitchen faucet to replace my old one that was older, outdated, and breaking off pieces of metal on the inside of it .  I called Colburn yesterday 11/20 and they said that they could come by in the morning. The lady who answered the phone was knowledgeable and answered all of my questions thoroughly.  Today, 11/21 John came by my house right at the estimated time. He was knowledgeable and efficient. Right away I noticed he had on shoe covers! As a family with kids we do not wear shoes in our house. So when John showed up already respecting the home we live in by wearing shoe covers I was really won over.   The whole thing took approximately 30 minutes. He answered all of my questions. And showed me how to operate my new faucet as well as gave me helpful advice to keep my other related appliances in tip top shape.  Also HUGE POINTS for leaving everything clean afterwards and no mess. I was really impressed that he left the area he was working on as clean as before he came in.  I highly recommend John and Colburn Enterprises and will be calling them again in the future with any other plumbing / contracting needs I may have!
5 The best, most honest, and nicest company ever. I called them and the woman on the phone was so kind, I explained my issue (shower handle broke, couldn't turn shower off) and she sent John right out to us, he was there within 30 minutes. He fixed us right up, we were back in business in less than an hour. They advised me to get the Yelp coupon, which I did. Their prices were fair and affordable, there service was excellent, and they are real professionals. Hopefully I won't need a plumber again, but if I do, I know who to call!
5 Not sure where to start.  I called.  They said they'd come out in an hour...WHAT???... an hour.  Sign me up for that!.  They showed up on time.  It worked.  The Tech was a super nice guy (Jeremy).  I was so worried I'd have to wait for a few days and then I'd  get a window of 9a - 5p.  Nope.  And the little lady that scheduled my order was super fabulous too.  I have a regular handy repair guy I could have called but my co-worker used this same company with the same results so I went for it.  It so paid off!
5 I just bought a house and moved to Las Vegas in December. I had high water bills and not knowing who to contact I decided to get several estimates. The first two companies wanted to replace the main water line without doing much to find the leak. The estimates were staggering. I saw the reviews for Colburn Enterprises on Yelp and called to see if they could come out for an estimate.   John came within a few hours of my call. I expected him to do what the others had done, but he immediately looked for and located the leak. Within two hours he had fixed the leak. The cost was very reasonable and John was amazing both in his work and his professionalism. Thanks, John, for your great work. The five stars is well deserved for Colburn Enterprises.
5 We just moved into a new house three weeks ago and our hot water heater decided to spring a leak on a Sunday morning.  This company got good reviews on Yelp so we decided to give them a call.  Since it was a Sunday we were afraid we wouldn't be able to get anyone.  Amber called me right back and said she could have someone respond with half an hour.  The plumber that came over was extremely professional and knowledgeable.  He gave us suggestions on what we could do but we just wanted a new hot water heater so we could be confident that we wouldn't have another problem for a few years.  Of course he stopped the leak, drained the old heater and took it away.  The next day they arrived with a new heater much earlier than originally anticipated (yay).    The guy that installed the heater did the neatest and cleanest work that we've ever seen!  These were truly the most professional, efficient, and nicest plumbing company we've ever dealt with.  Needless to say we wouldn't think of calling anyone else in the future.
5 Outstanding and timely service. Reasonable prices and great work ethic.
5 I read the great reviews on this company and am glad I called them to take a look at my water softener that uses potassium tablets. I am very impressed!  Amber answered the call and was very patient as I tried to find a time that worked well for us on the weekend (even patiently waiting as I called my husband to check his schedule).  She was even kind enough to call when the guard in our gated community wouldn't let John the serviceman in on Sunday.  Most companies would have left without a call, leaving us wondering what happened. John was also very friendly and honest, letting us know the problem was simply the timer being off by 2 hours and that this type of water softener only needed to be serviced every 10 years (unlike the company that sold it to us who said it had to be serviced yearly). I really appreciate the great service by Colburn, which is often hard to find, and highly recommend this company!
5 My garbage disposal simply stopped working. I had no idea who to call but based on yelp reviews, called Colburn. John was amazing! On time, professional, courteous, very honest. He didn't try to sell me anything extra, no crazy rates, very fair and reliable. I would highly recommend!
5 Colburn Enterprises is great. Completely predictable pricing. Worked efficiently, and gets the job done right the first time. Amber in the office is awesome and very kind. We will use them in the future.
5 I can't say enough good things about Colburn. My kitchen sink broke over the weekend, I called Colburn first thing Monday morning. Judy was so sweet, she told me they could have someone out by the end of the day! John was able to fix my sink in under an hour. I was so grateful that he extended his hours and came out to help me. Come to find out they are a family owned and operated company!  Their customer service from start to finish was top notch. I found them on Yelp, read the reviews and was so happy I called them. John even put those little bootie covers on his shoes when he came into my house, which had nothing to do with my sink, but was a huge plus in my book. Highly recommended! Thank you again John and Judy. :o)
5 Colburn is awesome!  John just finished a service call at our house -- honest, reliable and truly cares about the homeowner.  Was able to fix our water softener and other plumbing issues -- and spent the time showing us how to operating everything.  Would highly recommend them to other homeowners.   We tried other plumbers and they simply wanted to replace items without taking the time to repair them -- John at Colburn saved us at least $1,500 in un-necessary replacements.   We will definitely use them in the future --- Betsy V
