5 This is a great little Pizza Hut. I have been here several times for carry-out and have received good service.  One odd-ball experience that I had here awhile back was when the place was robbed. I wasn't at the location when it was robbed (thankfully), but I received a call when I was on my way telling me that my pizza wasn't done. I guess the thief stole it.... Anyway, I waited a little more for them to make my pizza, but they did give me a free 2-liter and were completely apologetic.
5 This location is actually pretty good. They  deliver on time, don't skip on the cheese, and the crust isn't burnt. Pizza Hut may not be the best pizza in the world, but some locations are better than others. I'm happy to say that this one does it right.  Also, right now they have a $10 any pizza deal going on, so it's a pretty good deal as well.
3 I give them a three, but we have had service that ranges from 1-5 stars.  We always order extra cheese, and they charge a $2 fee for extra cheese.  We decided to order two pizzas once, one with extra cheese and one with regular.  They came the same.  They charge you for extra cheese, but you don't always get it.  We sometimes get pizza that is overcooked, on the border of being burnt.  When we call and conplain, they offer to replace the bad pizza.  It is kind of a hit or miss with this location.  Sometimes good, sometimes not so good.
5 This Pizza Hut is great. For chain pizza this location seems to make it like was back in the day. When I order pan pizza it is thick and cooked all the way through. They always have deals as most pizza places do. When they have the deals for any pizza, any size, any crust, I wish they would honor that and not charge extra for stuffed crust. Any crust means ANY CRUST. Okay... I got that out.   The wings are bomb-diggity! if you don't know about Wing Wednesday then you should check it out. Wings are 50 cents each. I get an order of 8 buffalo burnin' hot (boneless) for $4 and it comes with a side of dressing. There is a good selection of flavors.  Sometimes I order for delivery but usually just pick it up since it is close to my home and quicker. I always order online and never have any problems.
1 $22 for a large pizza? And the pizza looked like a medium size. We got the Meat Lover's pizza with the cheese crust. Toppings were skimpy, crust was underdone.  The boneless wings weren't bad, but they were very very small with only a small drizzling of sauce.  Overall, we were extremely disappointed. The whole meal of 1 large pizza and 8 wings was $32....and we picked it up at the store! We will NEVER go back.
1 I still don't  understand how Pizza Hut is still open!   Between the ore-fab cardboard known as a crust, the bland sauce and low quality ingredients I would have to be coming off a long fast to eat it... And then I would probably throw it up!  There are a lot of frozen pizzas that are better!
4 I have a study class there every week with some friends & they never make any fuss about us being loud or having too much of a good time... Food is pretty good too.
