3 I like shopping at Von's.  Most of their stores in the Vegas Valley are clean and carry a good selection of items.  On our last visit to this store, we waited for 10 minutes at the meat counter and nobody helped us....this knocked a Star off otherwise it would have been 4 Stars.  The deli has a good selection of meats & cheeses.  The bread selection here is good too.  I wish it was closer to my house.  I only shop here when I happen to be in the neighborhood.  Will I return?  Yes.
4 Went to Vons today to get my Thanksgiving ingredients. I like Vons because it is close, reasonable, and has a good selection. The workers are generally helpful and the butcher will usually offer to order you items not in stock.
3 Von is always annoying to use online printed coupons. They always give me a hard time or they won't take it if it's not printed in full color. The food here is also expensive. But I like the fact they sale carvel ice cream cakes here and that's about it. For the price of food from Von I rather go to Trader Joe's.
3 I am not a huge fan of this Vons because it's not open 24 hours and because the people here are little rude the store itself is in disarray sometimes.   I decided to stop at this month because we had just left the 99 cent only store and get a few things to pick up. A pond walking in I went looking for specific item that I needed, and of course they did not have it. I went back to the main area and look at a couple of pieces of sirloin and they were all funky colored and smelly. it seems as though they do not have the need to explain refrigerator things at the proper temperature because some of the meat with the different colors that it changes when it starts to become warm, you know that brown color? I proceeded to walk down to the sequel area just to look to see what type of deal they had on chicken breasts, and the smell was incredible. I know its the seafood area, but just smelled like the food was starting to either become rotten or just a really foul odor basically.   the store it self is a lot more than the palms in normally go to on ramparts, so it was a little difficult finding the specific things that I was looking for that I would normally find at my normal Vons. I do believe the price is our little work and to get this 1 is wow, because the birthday normally get it would be 199 in here it is 299, not a big price difference but when you are a cheap little girl like I am it does make a difference.   the cashiers hair pretty nice and the casino area or the slot machines were a lot bigger than the 1 on the hair off of RAM part. 1 thing I did notice that was a little weird and not fair that they have a Starbucks, of course it was closed by the time I went.   I don't really know if I'll return unless I have to pick up things that I absolutely positively need and forgot, I just was rubbed the wrong way with the way the area of meat were displayed as well as the temperatures of the freezers in that section. go to the concert is on ramparts and Fort Apache that is personally my favorite 1 and they always have everything at a great temperature the start of huge and a very well in the cashiers a pretty sweet.
1 This is for their pharmacy...don't bother.  These days they are offering a 10% off coupon if you get your flu shot.  OK. I stood in line 17 minutes on a Wednesday afternoon just to get a form to sign.  I was told they didn't have any coupons, but I could leave my name and they would call me to come back for it.  Excuse me?  You have signs everywhere promoting this, but you can't figure out some way to give me the 10% off you are advertising because you don't have that exact piece of paper that magically reads 10% off??? After the 17 minute wait, I was told to wait in the adjoining room.  It had a tv with mellow images of people doing yoga and the absolutely dirtiest carpet I have seen in years.  Eeew! Then I sit there for another 21 minutes!!!!  Plenty of time to type an unfavorable review of their customer service.  Because if they don't have the capacity to handle walk-in flu shots at 3:00 in the afternnoon on a weekday, they shouldn't bother doing it.  The shot itself took 20 seconds and they "found" a coupon for me when they realized I was upset.  But no apology for the wait. I would not want them handling any important medications for me.
2 I hate this Von's. I will actually drive to the one in Boca Park, which is further away, because I prefer it better. The Pharmacy staff is horrible and so is the check out staff. I've had to go here on rare occasions and always end up dissatisfied.
3 This really isn't my favorite grocery in town. The prices tend to be on the higher side, unless they're having a sale. The employees range from ok to outright rude. You have to really watch the prices as they ring things up because they have a tendency to be incorrect. If it's wrong, you might as well just tell them to put it aside because they WILL have you waiting an extra 15 minutes while they have a kid wander around the store pretending to look for the sale price.  They do have a Starbucks here though, which I appreciate.
5 3 words: blood orange sherbert enough said!
1 HORRIBLE SERVICE!!! I wish I could honestly give no stars! Today I walked in to purchase cough syrup and it was around 9:30 so they had closed one of the entrances with the carts. And you have to go thru the registers, (this is my local grocery store always do my shopping there) but I turned into the first register to pass thru and the cashier put her hands on me and said no to walk around. NEVER AGAIN WILL I SHOP HERE!
