3 This place came highly recommended from a co-worker but we ended up being disappointed. We showed up at 6:45 and they were already cleaning the grill for the night.. not sure when they close, but we probably should have taken it as a sign and kept walking.   Because it was "late" we could only get sandwiches.. no fries, etc. Luckily you get to eat in a gas station, sooo you do have a great selection of chips.. whoo. The steaks were just OK. At $6.95 for a small, they are a tad pricey and honestly I think capriottis makes a better steak. Skip this one.
4 A rare occasion when i disagree with one of my fav Vegas foodies , Ms. Blair B.   Now granted, I'm in a desperate state trying to find some variety on the Eastside for my lunch fix.  Luckily, i'm only out and about 2 times / week so i  usually hit catfish alley,  Pho Thanh, las pupusa and a few others.  I think this place comes close to  Capriotti's - darn close.  And come on, at a run down gas station ? Now granted, i'm not a cheesesteak expert, though i've eaten at geno's and Pat's ( i prefer Pat's )  but on one of my visits i brought along a PA born cheesesteak "expert" - he gave the place a thumbs up      I tried the Cheeseburger my last visit - $3.95 for a 1/2 pounder with cheese and grilled onions ...ehhh ok.   I noticed a south philly cheesesteak place at trop and pecos near the BofA - I'm thinking a two hour lunch - hit them up and then off to play me  some pinball !
4 I liked this place alot. I grew up outside of Philly but always made it a point to eat when I went there. Moving to Las Vegas i saw a few places that said Philly STeak in or associated with their name and they were all dissapointing. Geri's was mentioned and I tried it out, no very impressed and will not go back there. The PCF has some really good flavors and although I am a provolne fan on mine the american cheese used here was pretty good. I am definately not a wiz kid..lol.  This was the best tasking steak sandwhich I had in Vegas and wouldn't say it's even that close to a Philly. I did the Pat's and Geno;s thing, Pat's is way better but Tony Luke's is my fav! Not that big of a Cappriotti's steak but their chicken cheese steaks are really good.
4 This is my favorite place in Vegas to get a Philly cheese steak sandwich.  However, it is in a gas station, so don't be surprised.  It is made to order.  The portions are generous and the price is reasonable.  I'll drive across town for this one.
5 I always get the Philly Cheesesteak with just meat and cheese. I have never been disappointed!
2 I and this place for work and we still go there now and again but for me the sweet and hot peppers at caps beat it even though the meat is a little tastier at this places IMO  contrary to everyone else opinion I dislike the set up in the gas station I think it's super awkward and confusing and the employees don't really care to help you out with figuring it out...   So IMO I would never eat there because its just weird eating in the gas station but getting it to go is not bad just not one hundred percent worth the price for my money to satisfaction ratio... I have only had cheese steaks though but since its the name I feel that's what everyone goes there for!!!
3 This is another sandwich shop in a gas station, so that's kind of a negative on ambiance (even though it's a pretty nice gas station...as gas stations go), but it means you have an excellent selection of drinks and chips! The cheesesteaks are good and really packed with meat, but the bread is kind of lacking. Prices are excellent - $8 for a medium cheesesteak, which was more than enough for me and my husband to split. Overall, a solid choice for a cheesesteak in the area if you're in a hurry (also, a good choice for Sundays since Geri's on Trop isn't open).
4 My husband and I ate here after church and it was delicious!!! The location is a lil rough around the edges. We didn't go there for the comfy seating.... We tried the chicken and beef philly, both good. We preferred the beef. Try it if you love Philly cheesesteaks, we were pleasantly surprised.
