5 Love this store - The employee's are very helpful without sales pressure like so many other jewelery stores.   The Manager Rhea is very nice, personalble and helpful to all your needs!  They have a watch and jewelery repairman in the store which is hard to find.   Only downside of the store is I would like to see more of a selection of mens watch brands.
5 I absolutely LOVE this store! Rhea is the best and so are all the ladies who work here. Dave is amazing too and works in a timely manner. They are very honest and down to earth which is hard to find in a jewelry store. Rhea helped my fiancée pick out my engagement ring and it was perfect! Then together her and I designed the band because I had one in mind I was having dreams about. She made sure the ring was a perfect match, and it was cheaper than the original quoted price! Score! I would recommend them to all my friends. Love love love my wedding set:)
5 My fiance and I had two both our engagement rings made from vintage, family rings.  Mine was absolutely incredible and my fiance's topped mine!  They even utilized our old diamonds.  The rings were unbeatable deals!  We plan on getting all our jewelry from The Jewelers from now on.  The ladies were all so kind and sweet; very genuine staff.
1 The staff here was very friendly and extremely nice.  However, I brought a ring in to be sized of which the jeweler in the back said he could do there.  When he was done I noticed the stone was now loose. I pointed it out and they said they couldn't fix it there they would have to send it to the main location.  I wanted to wear the ring so I kept it.  Then I realized a week later looking at the ring close up because the stone was loose, that the stone actually had a chip in it.  This was not there when I originally brought it in.  I was very upset.  Not only was the stone loose now in the ring, but there was a chip in the stone as well.  Not happy.
1 Get it together Jewelers! On top of the DREADFUL experience we had to start with when we made our custom rings before our wedding, now the Jeweler's aren't even sticking to their offered plan to rhodium dip and size for free. After ALL the money we've spent there. But they're also not consistent. My husband went in a month ago and his was free, then I come in and they tell me its $45, but they might be able to get me a deal and charge me only $25. No. It's Free! It should be free, like my husband was told when he FIRST came to The Jewelers and purchased the rings. And just like his father who bought all his mother's jewelry there. It's as if they don't care to have loyal clientele. Is the economy SO good all of a sudden that there's no need to build a rapport with clients. They almost had two generations of a VERY large family as their clients, but no more. I don't even know why I bothered coming back to hold them to their word that they would take care of the ring they made. I feel so let down. I don't even want to buy jewelry anymore.
