1 I went here on the referral of a Dr. Tingey/ Desert Orthopedics.   Located on West Lake Mead just east of Sun City among a row of other nondescript and overly crowed medical office buildings.   The lobby is relatively quiet and clean. They do have a massive supply of automotive review magazines to look at as you wait. Not sure why, but they do.  The service is agonizingly slow and they don't appear thrilled to have to help you. The impression I got was one of "oh, not another patient". But they were brisk once you made it through to the window receptionist. Not overjoyed, but brisk. And once they slide the glass door shut, they wouldn't even look up at you if you set yourself on fire.  Once you do get going, it's down this hall straight, then hang a right, then straight, then right again, dump off personal belongings in a locker and on to the machines. The tech was actually friendly and chatty and easy to work with. But hey, he doesn't run the place.  A half hour to an hour of incessant metallic banging and bonging noises in uncomfortable positions and that takes care of that.  That's the easy part.  Dealing with their billing office. Well, that's another story entirely.  See, they don't deal with you here. They send your call to their home office. In Salt Lake City.   I spent at least five phone calls going back and forth trying to hash out the insurance co-pays, and extra charges, and sending faxes ( twice )( they claim they never got the first one )and then I don't hear back from them for months. Then I I hear from them. Give more information. Then I don't hear from them. And then they hit me up for more money.   And when I call the local office the dismiss me with "It's out of our hands. There's nothing we can do". Not so much as an explanation. They just want their money. And NOW.  So thanks, Dr. tingey, I hope your Salt Lake City connections and you work out a nice split, because that's the last of my money you'll ever see.
4 My front office experience with Pueblo was friendly and fast.  The xray technician was cordial and efficient.  Haven't had a billing problem.  But I do agree that the front offices of many medical establishments detracts from the medical professionalism of the enterprise.  Hope this isn't true with Pueblo in the future.
1 This company sent me to collections for services I never received. I have no idea how they got my information! They did nothing to help me resolve it.
5 I love this place! Doctors , the techs, the staff, they are so nice and really treat you well!!! Dr. Murakami, Dr.Oh, Dr. Welling, Kelly (ultra sound tech), all five stars! I would recommend this place, even the scheduling office, (Michelle), very accomodating!!
5 Always professional, courteous, and you can usually get in within 24 hours. They allow walk-ins for some procedures.
3 My husband and I both had to be seen for X-rays. They had to reshoot our X-rays twice. They seemed a bit unorganized with the films. The wait time wasn't bad though. Friendly crew.
