2 Nothing wrong with the gym itself.  Nice equipment and clientele.  However they give you the hard sell on a personal trainer when you join up.  I fell for it and signed a contract.  Bad idea.  The contract is for a minimum of a year whether you show up or not.  I ended up with a different trainer every time I went in since they kept quitting and transfering.  I was happy with some trainers and not with others.  Common theme seemed to be to get you to strain at whatever exercise as much as you can which may be good or bad.  I'm no expert.  I ended up not going much but still had to pay the monthly fee for the trainer which was hefty.  They show their true colors at the end of the one year contract.  You can't simply walk up to the desk and say I want to terminate my contract.  You actually have to write a letter to their office in Florida to end your contract.  Very tacky and an obvious ploy to keep separating you from your money.  Don't sign the personal trainer contract is my advice.  I haven't read any other reviews on Yelp and I have no connection to the gym or people that work there.  I no longer belong to the gym.
4 Good experiences here!   The Summerlin Gold's doesn't charge for visiting members of other Gold's  Gyms.  Yay!   T-Minus 8 Days to 2009 and I'm working off all those damned holiday baked goodies at my favorite class to take with the wifey:  Body Pump.   Huge facility.  Kiddie day care available.  Lots of equipment.  Since this is a 24 hour gym I have no excuse to come back to check everything out, instead of hanging out at all the "other" distractions in LV.   Jackie - the instructor at Body Pump - 5 STARS  Barry at the Front Desk - 5 STARS  Facility: 4 Star - bad lighting, odd circular layout...  Not as good as the Bay Area, Seattle or Teterboro, NJ.  It's missing the warm colors, hardwood, and metallic surfaces that I've come to associate with the Best Golds locations I've been to.  At least there's no tacky Vegas Neon.     The men's locker room was very generic and depressingly grey.  Not plush lounge as I expected.  I didn't notice a pool, steam room or hot tub.  Decent strip-mall parking.  Golds is the anchor location at this shopping center and is hidden from view if you're driving down Lake Mead Blvd.    updates laters!!!  2009 I've found a new niche to review:  Gold's Facilities in the US!!!        List here: http://www.yelp.com/list/golds-las-vegas
3 I joined this gym because it was right across the street from my house. Plenty of machines and weight-lifting benches. This place is for the hard-core trainer. I canceled my membership after a few months cuz I missed 24 hour fitness so much.
2 I was a big fan HOWEVER they closed my location and the new facilities SUCK they don't have all the machines they had at the other location, and the place just plain blows now. The have cheap shit equipment- What the hell is wrong with them, are they trying to be an LA FITNESS DUMP. The new place(s) are loaded with cardio equipment, WTF.   They need to open a WORLD GYM or POWERHOUSE GYM out here because Golds sold out.  SUCKS NOW, IT'S A BITCH GYM.. Join 24hr fitness and go through the motions there..
5 i love this gym. i have been going since i turned 18 and the people there are nothing but sweethearts. all of the staff recognizes you when you are a regular and you can build really nice relationships with the employees and the people who go there. they are always more than willing to help you out with anything you could possibly need. plus all of the equipment is always so clean and there's plenty of machines, treadmils, eliptyicals and bikes so there's no need to wait. i wouldnt go anywhere else
5 Best gym I have ever been to. Staff is awesome and the other gym members are quite nice also. Very friendly non intimidating environment.
4 I am soooo incredibly impressed by this gym. I signed up almost immediately! I came just to take a tour and was amazed that, 1, I could hear myself think unlike some other gyms where you feel like you are at night club. 2, there was simply no ego, everyone I've met is quiet friendly, staff and members alike. 3, machines are always available, even during peak hours. I also love that the group excercise classes are not overly crowded. Zumba is the best, and I love my Body Pump class with Annie! Definitely the place to be when you are desiring " serious" workouts.
5 Great place never that busy. I take kick boxing at the tapout part its great. I've never belonged to a gym or even wanted to step foot in one and this place makes me feel good and I never feel out pf place even though a lot of the guys are huge here. Check it out especially the fighting classes. Good times!
5 Choke parking, cheap monthly, great staff. I usually go later in the evening when less crowded but the machines are always clean and and always some one in the check in area when you need assistance with something. The locker rooms are also clean so thats another big plus. Def a gym I would recommend for friends that come to town visiting and need a gym to work out at.
4 I am an out-of-towner.   Positives: -There is a women's workout room. -Ample space. -Lots of machines. -Not too crowded (knock on wood). -Kid's play area (for you mommas)  Negatives: The staff ain't too friendly. But that could just be the Vegas humdrum vibe I get everytime I visit.
3 I might be biased because I workout at the Centennial Golds as well which is newer and a lot more updated but I'll review anyways.   + Not overcrowded. There's machines readily available and lots of fans and air circulation. - Classes are smaller. Where the other gym has full classes most of the time, the attendance for CX classes are small. + Lots of machines and free weights. - Their machines are a little outdated and sometimes don't work with no sign. - More muscle heads at this particular location. Twice I've gone within this year and there has been a photo shoot going on of oiled up muscular people at different machines. + Lots of muscular people to Ooo and Ahh at. - Old TV's that usually don't work.  More minuses mean less stars.  I like the Centennial Golds because there are more amenities such as a cardio cinema and a pool but I mostly go to classes and the instructors at Lake Mead are the same and most of them are great!
3 Where the Buff get Buffer and the skinny hide in corners ashamed and scared! Haha, no not really.    Granted I will say I'm no buff dude at all, just trying to get rid of a beer gut and I can certainly say that I felt intimidation when I was in there.  This place was like body builder central with not too many cardio machines.  They do have the huge weight lifting section separated from the cardio and minor work out machines, which was nice- helped a bit.  However, I still felt like the place had a cold feel to it and did feel as welcome as I have been to other gyms such as Lifetime or LVAC.  They were offering a special though $5 enrollment fee with a- I believe $10 or $20 a month no contract, which was nice, but It was August and a lot of gyms start deals like this in the late summer months as the gym memberships decline from the start of the new year.    The bathroom area was a little small, but had all the essentials, the gym itself is round where the cardio is equipment is at, kinda of an interesting setup and then the weight room located towards the back is traditional rectangle length and if I remember correctly a little darker than cardio area.    I wouldn't say do not go here, but I will say if your slightly scrawny not looking to bulk or really into cardio equipment try your options before making anything official.
4 I've been going to Gold's Gym for a couple months now, and I can say, it's the best gym I've tried in town. I'm a former member of LVAC and 24 Hour, and my experience here is much better.  First off, it's $19 a month. No contract. Very affordable and you aren't locked into a 27(?) month plan like LVAC. You can add amenities like tanning, child care, etc...but I have no need for those.  Also, unlike LVAC, it's never too busy. Yes, from around 8-noon, and again from 4-7 it can be busier than normal, but I've never waited for a machine. They have a great variety of cardio machines, and a good number of weight machines. There is also a big free weight area, but I don't use it very often.   I took my first class there yesterday, and it was great. Bodypump with Annie was a lot of fun, and Annie is a great instructor. I was the only guy in there, but she didn't make me feel out of place. I will absolutely go back again.  I can't comment on the locker room facilities too much, as I rarely use them, but they seem clean and well maintained. They have a sauna. in there, too.  Gold's Gym often gets a bad rap. It's looked upon as the gym where all the juice heads go, and where all the girls get hit on. It all the times I've been there, I've only ever seen one douchebag try (unsuccessfully) to hit on a girl. I think it had something to do with his giant blowout.   I knocked off one star due to one minor complaint. A few times I've seen machines that are out of order, and they seem to take a long time to fix them. Nothing too crazy, but can be annoying if you are looking for a particular machine to use.  Overall this is a solid gym, with a little less frills than you would find at the bigger gyms. However, it's less busy, the price is right, and everyone is quite friendly. If you see me there, come say hi. I'll be sweating my butt off on the Crossfit machine.
5 My favorite golds by far. Machines are always clean! People do their sets and move on. Lots of people lifting heavy things!! Plus: bathrooms are always spotless.!! Awesome! Love it!!
3 good place to get a workout unfortunately they dont have a pool to swim laps but they do have tapout classes available . they are much more affordable then the competition i will say
1 Shady membership tactics with hidden fees they don't tell you about.  I was in a rush to get my family membership, and after researching over the phone for best rates I went to the facility on Stephanie and signed up.  I asked the sales person what the total fees were.  He indicated on the contract the monthly dues of 15.99 per month and said that was all... No money down, no upfront deposit and just a 2 year contract.  What he failed to mention was the $39 they charge you after 4 months of billing.... No mention, no initial on the contract just a simple... Nope... Just your $15.99 per month!... PER PERSON! If they had mentioned it or notified me about the fee I would have just paid it up front of made sure my account had the extra $78 in it so it didn't get returned... Causing another $60 in fees....  That's $138 in fees I didn't expect!  Not to mention the sewer smell at the location on Eastern... This gym SUCKS!
4 So far, this is my favorite Gold's in Las Vegas.  I always wanted to workout at the Sahara and the Flamingo locations, but was told that they all closed down.  Oh well, this Gold's will just have to do.   Out of all the locations I've been to, this has to be my favorite for a couple of reasons.   1.  Free-Weights:  At this location, there's plenty of if.  Like I stated in a previous Gold's review, I love the steel plates.  Just that hollow sound of the plates banging against each other is music to my ears.   2.  Plenty of machines and cardio.  My only issue with their cardio, the treadmills are sometimes out of order.   3.  Location:  Not the closest Gold's to my home, but still a convenient one. I actually prefer driving the extra 8 miles to get here.  It's also close to a ton of post-workout eats, grocery shopping, BabyCakes, etc. Enough parking as well.   4.  Clean gym with clean restrooms  5.  Ambiance:  Since the Flamingo and Sahara locations are no longer around, you'll spot the occasional figure, bikini, and bodybuilding pros working out here.  Observing their workouts is like a free seminar.   My only gripe about this place is the lack of leg machines, specifically their leg extensions and lying leg curls.  Nothing beats free-weights, but there's still a place for machines like extensions and leg curls.  Since there's only one of each, you have to make sure that you step it up when you see it open up.   PS:  Like all other gyms, this one is super packed on Monday's around 5 PM.  But because the peeps here do more working out, than socialize, getting on a specific machine or bench is usually not an issue.  All other days are pretty much tamed.
4 This Gold's is my home gym, literally less than a mile from where I live.  I like it because I can roll out of bed at 4:00am and be on a treadmill for my warm-up in 15 minutes or less.  Even though that may seem crazy early, it's probably the best time to be here because not too many other people get up at Zero Dark Thirty to work out.  Those who do number less than ten people, including myself.  What this means is that there are plenty of machines to go around without waiting; it's like having your own private gym.  Nights here are a totally different story.  I've been here on the weekdays only a few times and that's because it's crowded and hard to get a bench in the weight room, much less the Smith machine or leg press.  I end up using Gold's for morning sessions and another gym for night workouts.    KUDOS:   -My Gold's membership is cheap, less than the cost of a dinner out.  I'm at the gym six days a week and I pay $15.95 monthly, which gives me access to all the Vegas locations, excluding Centennial, but I get in there on the b/f's guest pass.   -The staff here is very friendly, including the gentleman who always greets me with a smile in the wee morning hours. -Plenty of weight machines not found at my other gym.  The variety is welcome. -The majority of the clientele are here to work out, not socialize, like at some other gyms.  There are serious weightlifters who are in beast mode every day, which is inspiring.  We've worked out next to Jay Cutler, but even peons like me feel welcome. - I've never had a problem bringing a guest with me.    GRIPES: -The a/c can be sketchy, especially in the weight room.  I've gone into the women's gym to work out there because it's too hot in the main room. -Peons like me need to use the lighter hand weights sometimes.  There are whole sections of the 5, 10, and 15 lb. weights missing; they are supposed to be there, but I can't find them.  Again, I have to walk over to the women's section and use theirs and then go back to the main gym for the rest of my workout. - The bikes in the cardio section are ANCIENT!  Oh my goodness, these need to be upgraded, please.  They squeak and feel rickety.  Overall, a great little version of the Mecca right here in my Summerhood.
1 Once you sign the contract they will try to pitch you a personal trainer. and when refused. The supervisor, of all people made it a point to be discouraging saying that you can't make your goal without a personal trainer. "Can't" not it will be more difficult but "can't". minutes after signing the contract. Really? because I was not in a position to commit to a personal trainer you are going to be rude and discouraging. If people NEED a personal trainer than maybe you shouldn't even give regular gym passes. Like everybody working out MUST have a personal trainer with them! I just cannot believe that trying to make a personal trainer sell is worth being a heartless, scandalous representative of what I thought was a respectable organization. Go anywhere else. Anywhere else.
3 I used to train here all the time after the Golds on Sahara & Decatur closed. I still go in once in a while. I liked it better before they added the heavy bags and made the free weight area smaller. It is better to go here then LVAC if you want to actually get a work out in. It is not too crowded here during the day.
3 Out of the three golds in Vegas (eastern and Stephanie) this is by far the cleanest. Actually saw people washing the floors f the bathroom. The cardio and weighted machine setup is odd. I don't like watching people walk while I hit weights. So I moved into the free weight room area. The equipment seems old but it works so who really cares. It's smallest then the other gyms but it has 2 power racks as opposed to only one at the others. (Oh and at eastern watch out for the old couple that hog it for a good two hours to do literally 15 minutes of movement) Bottom line is its a lot cleaner, smaller, and seems to be in the best condition. If only eastern was as clean it would be my favorite. 3 1/2 out of 5
3 I guess I got spoiled at the golds in Avondale,  AZ.  Every cardio machine there is new and has its own TV. This is my home gym now but I wish they remodeled and added new cardio and weight machines and according to my husband the men's room needs the type of cleaning that will get rid of the pee smell.  I've taken many of the cardio classes and most are great but it's hard to take a class serious when the instructor is over weight and lacks movement when teaching a zumba class. The instructors that teach body pump are all great.   All in all its a dated gym that was wicked awesome many years ago when it first opened but it's in need of a face lift.
3 It's your typical golds gym :) definitely one of my favorites in Vegas though. Not usually overcrowded mid-day! multiple squat racks!
3 The good:  If you go on an off time (early early or late late) its not busy.   Its not loud like many other gyms.   Its less than 2 minutes from home for me.   People mostly keep to themselves.   Their is a good array of equipment.   I once saw Rick Harrison there from Pawn Stars.  The bad:   I had a 2 year contract.. with two memberships paying about $42 a month for both. I loved it then, it was NEVER busy. I overlooked other issue that will be described later because I could get it and get out. Then came the $10 month-to-month deal.. it was always packed during hours that aren't early or late, even weekends. This was a bit annoying because I am paying twice as much (I didn't use the classes) as others who are now crowding this tiny gym beyond use. I just don't roll that way, waiting forever to use equipment. To avoid this I go at 6am and also do not use Golds Gym any longer.   No one re-racks their weights. Its a mess in there. Dumbbells are out of order or missing, plates all over the floor at the squat rack.   Some thing are quite outdated like the TVs - not a concern of mine, but maybe others.   No wifi, I would expect any modern gym to offer wifi. I like to stream Spotify or Pandora for workouts.   Horrible music- bring headphones.   Weight area is wayyyyyy too dark. Makes you feel tired. The light quality is sort of fuzzy. It makes the grey equipment look green and unappealing, but you can still get the job done.    The overall: Not my first choice of places to workout. If you go early, its not bad. Everything you need to get the job done is there. It simply lacks the quality amenities of other gyms, but also doesnt come with the typical things of other gyms like night club level music.
5 Recently went in and signed up for weight loss program. Staff was awesome and knowledgeable. Made me feel come rely comfortable and took away any feelings of embarrassment. Great team and looking forward to new me. Did I mention I got awesome deals!!   Christina
5 This is a great place to work out and train, no matter what your body type is. I highly recommend Christian to help you, he is a phenomenal trainer and motivator to help you attain your goals.
4 Just like with pretty much any other gym it's tough to get a good workout in between 4-6 unless you don't plan on using any of the machines or benches to do so. Parking is also a nightmare around this time.   They have only one room where they conduct fitness classes but the instructors are pretty good and a usually on time. They have a ladies only fitness area which not to many other Golds Gyms do.   The people that come here are here to work out and not for a fashion show, well there's always 1 or 2 but it's not as bad as LVAC where most people come to see and be seen.   They have a mixed martial arts/boxing arena, you have to extra for those classes but it's a cool addition. They have a childcare center which I believe is very inexpensive. The price of membership is 20/m for full use including all classes, 30 if you want to use their tanning booths. The standing tanning booths are just ok, but for only 10extra/m for unlimited tanning you can't beat it. Did I mention there is no contract? There are also no cancellation penalties.  The staff is friendly and helpful and the bathrooms are always clean. I've been a member of LVAC and while it is a very sexy fitness center, sexy doesn't always translate to good, especially if you are tied to a contract.
1 I got a staph infection the first day I went here. I've been stuck inside for the past week because of this... and at 26 I have a pretty good immune system, rarely ever am I sick.   I believe this happened on the MMA mats (could have been the equipment though), the instruction itself was good, the people were cool, but the mats stunk terribly... as if they've rarely been washed. I've trained in other MMA gyms for about a year now, and have never had an issue (where mats are cleaned regularly).      At $20/mo it sounds like a deal, but $200+ in meds and otc products could have you rethinking things. Overall, I guess you get what you pay for.
4 Could use a few minor tweaks but overall great gym and can't beat the price, my girlfriend and I train here almost daily
3 This is not my usual Gold's but it's close to my office. So, if I have to be somewhere and I want to put work in for a bit, this is where I go.   The classes here start 30 minutes earlier than the Gold's by my house. The group classroom is much smaller and the crown is older - not that it matters to me. The Core and Combat Express instructor who was subbing was awesome. The Pump instructor is my classmate at my Gold's so it's quite interesting to be in her class.  I can't help but compare this Gold's to the one on Losee. I know this gym is muuuuch older so it has that smell to it. The ceiling in the group classroom looks like it's about to collapse and it's hot in there. The floor is visibly dirty. The front desk seems dark and gloomy including the people behind the desk. I asked the guy at the front desk where the group classroom was at and he seemed like it was such a hassle to answer a simple question and it wasn't even busy. The front desk agents at my gym are always pleasant and helpful.
1 The representative elijah told us the we could just pay month to month without the year contract.  I agreed to pay the initial fee and monthly one. To my surprise when I decided to cancel it they said I cant because I had a contract with them  I tried to talk to the manager but he was a serious A and he told me " can u hurry up because im really busy" and they told me i cant do anything because Im not disabled. And i can call back if my doctor said I was "disabled". staff is rude and the manager I talked to was rude.   This gym is dirty and smelly too  Sign up with a different gym or better yet dont go to the lake mead branch 9/10 of staff are disrespectful and clueless.
4 Pretty good place to workout. Price is decent. Also the old guy upfront is really friendly and humble. Always taking care of everyone. Always reminding everyone to put their weight back after they use it. Always trying to keep everyone rolling. I hate when people use the weight and never put them back. Unorganized people. But hey, I like how he always manage to keep everything so that the gym looks great everytime I workout.
1 I used to work out at this gym a few years ago and decided to try to go back to this one. Bad idea! The gym has very bad circulation, especially at the peak times 5-8 pm. They have 1 large fan for the whole facility. So the whole gym stinks and gets very humid. Reminds me of waking into a hs wrestling room after a practice.  I decided to cancel my gym membership. I called them to cancel and they gave me a 1800 number. Sounds simple right?  Wrong! I called and it was a promotional number on upgrading membership. They in turn told me another 1800 number.. This one was about marketing and how to claim my 300 dollar gift card... I called the gym again and told me to email Cancellme@jonas.com  I emailed them and no response.  I'm going to walk into the gym today in order to cancel. I'm not a high Maintenance person but wow lol
5 I am not a gym person and I joined Golds so that I can get in great shape. The fitness manager Cary Gifis met with me for an assessment and was very thorough in providing me the information I needed so I can get my body where I want it to be. I'm very excited to start this new journey to a healthier life! Cary was easy to talk to and gave me the confidence I needed to achieve my goals!
2 This was my home gym for a while. Until they switched up management. The place has fallen apart. Manager is rude. Machines are old. It's simply not kept up anymore. Sad because it WAS such a great gym, people were serious about working out there. If you live in the NW area take your money to lvac over the bridge, there is plenty room and equipment and cleaner.
4 Super friendly staff. Great gym. Sauna room. And you can bring guests anytime you want. Ask for Lawren when signing up she's real cool and will set you up right.
1 I'm not sure how I feel about this gym. It has it's moments! My gym membership is going to expire soon. So I've been with this gym and location for almost a year. I'm debating if I should renew it for another year or leave it. What I love most about this gym? It's all about the weights!!! The reason why I don't like this one is because it's always pack when I come (5:00pm-8:00pm) because it's rush hour time. Including the one in Henderson. I do always make time to go but when I do... It's disappointing because you can barely use anything when it's packed. So I end up leaving early which is frustrating because I want to work out and sometimes majority of the machines are out of order. I don't understand that part because I'm always seeing them getting a lot of people to sign up for the gym and yet they can't replace some of the machines that are always out of order???... So I'm not sure. It has it's pros and cons.
2 This gym has a TERRIBLE weight/free weight area.  It's dark, dirty, poorly maintained, always crazy busy with huge disgusting men and viking women. Everyone looks like they belong in a prison yard.   Half the machines don't have pins in them (I've worked out there for a year and this has been a problem for months).   It shares a parking lot with 20 other businesses, which is ALWAYS crowed.  My membership ends this week and I can not wait to try another gym.  The cardio area is nice, and I hear the women only area is nice.    I realize this is probably not typical of most Gold's but this one is just the worst.  Don't say I didn't warn you!
5 I just signed up at this location. Victor helped me out and I just wanted to say that the customer service was great! I recommend seeing him if you have any questions or concerns about this location.
4 I come here M-Friday. Parking lot can become a nightmare and place is a little small But I come between 2:00-3:30 maybe till 4 and theres less people. I like that they have a side for only women that's a nice feature for people who are easily intimated or shy. Staff or people that come here are not snobby and bathrooms are clean. i pay 20 a month and no contract I can attend the fitness classes at that price if I wished.
