4 Five bucks + tax to change a simple watch (Skagen) battery.  Was in and out of there in about five minutes.  I feel so re-empowered after visiting this place.  Go ahead, ask me what time it is!
5 If you ever need anything done as far as jewelry or watches, this is the place to go. Well worth the drive from anywhere in Vegas.  My fiance is very selective. After visiting many stores both in malls and stand alone locations, Summerlin Jewelers was suggested to us.  We arrived, they listened, we selected, they ordered, I bought. A week later, I got down on one knee, she said "yes," and now we are getting married.   Go there, and this might happen to you as well.  Ask for Melissa, she makes shopping for jewelry a breeze.
5 I primarily deal with Melissa when dealing with Summerlin Jewelers and she is very helpful. We had my original and remade wedding ring both done through them. Melissa helped every step of the way from pricing to stone color and ring design. I recommend them as they guarantee their product and will work with you until you get the quality you want/paid for. They are a great local business in Vegas with genuine customer service, support them!
4 I have actually never purchased jewelry here but I am a fan because I kill watch batteries fast!  I've been in several times and they refuse to charge me to replace batteries.   How nice is that?
5 LOVE this family owned small business!!!! Melissa is the best!!! I always take my watches here and love shopping there estate jewlery!!
5 I got lucky... This place is very close to my house, and it's in the same strip mall as my bank, my ice cream place and one of my grocery stores. I know that the heat out here drains car batteries quicker than out east, but I've noticed that it drains my watch battery quickly as well. Whenever my watch stops, I go to this place and they are more than happy to replace the battery within 2 or 3 minutes. They charge me for the cost of the battery and I'm on my way. I go through my watch straps pretty fast as well, due to sweat, so I go there and they have a huge selection of watch straps (and they do the replacement right on the spot. And if I have to wait more than 3 minutes, I peruse all of their jewelry. They have regular jewelry and vintage stuff. I dare not bring my wife in there (when her watch strap breaks, I take it in by myself.) The sales people are polite and they let people look around without smothering them with sales pitches. The jewelers sit in the back but they are in plain sight, with their headband-magnifying-glasses, and they are quite expedient.  If I were to buy my significant other an anniversary gift or something, I will go there.
