4 I'm a fan of Subway in general....but this place is a good one because it makes good sandwiches.  Unlike the other reviewer, I've never had any issues with this location's cleanliness.  I've eaten here at least 15 times over the past 3 years.  It's on my way home from the gym, so I stop in here for a meal often.  This last visit, I ordered a 12" BMT on Italian Cheese Bread, Jalapeno Chips, and brought my own Bottle of Water (much cheaper this way).  The BMT was awesome.  I had it toasted and put Provolone, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Green Peppers, Pepperoncini, Mustard, Mayo, Salt & Pepper, Oregano, Oil & Vinegar on the Sandwich.  Very tasty.....just how I like it.  Will I return?  Unless I move, I will be back soon!
2 I'm a chronic Subway Eater and I'm glad that there are so many around town.  However, this location disappoints me.  I've been here a few times this summer and I always feel like this place is lacking.  Lacking what you may ask?  Lacking the friendly greetings when you walk in. Lacking the attentiveness and quickness the employees come out from "behind" the kitchen.  The employees are of a different caliber than other locations.  They seem like apathetic teenagers that do the bare minimum to get your out of their hair.  The last time I came in on Saturday I ordered my usual:  Toasted Foot Long Oven Roasted Chicken on Flat Bread with, Provolone Cheese, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Cucumber, Pickles, Olives, Bell Pepper, Onion, Vinegar.    I didn't get the toasted part because their toaster was broken!  They did microwave it but that kind of defeats the purpose of "eat fresh."  You would think a restaurant would have a backup toaster on hand as it's such a key tool in their process.
4 Fresh bread with healthy selections  :-)
5 I love subway, I usually go to one on Cheyenne, but I discovered this one on my way to the grocery store. I'm always annoyed with the lack of products at the other location, so I tried this one out.  The employees were very friendly,chatty and I didn't have to repeat myself. They had all their products fully stocked and they actually had AVACADO!!!!   I will now always come here!
4 Subway for lunch at just $5?!?! You bet!  The staff was very friendly the store was very clean and the sandwich was very good.
4 One of the better Subways that I have been too.  Bread was fresh.  They didn't skimp on the toppings either.  That is my favorite part!  Staff was friendly and the place was clean!
