4 Always good, consistent and friendly
3 First time at this location.  Not as nice as the Summerlin one, It was during a bit of a lunch rush. I felt bad for the staff, one lady was really rude (a customer) but the employees did their best with her demands.  Next in front of us was a space cadet looking chick, she pulled out a list of 6 orders, SO annoying! She couldn't read the hand writing of the peoples orders so stood there, called everyone and then go annoyed that the staff wasn't "working fast enough"   When it was finally our turn to order, bread started to burn, so instead of making arrangements to her fan to blow the smoke out, she just opened the oven, smoke filled the room and made everyone's eyes water.  My wrap was made in haste, it was sloppy and came unwrapped. My husband's sub turn out okay. We'll be sticking with the summerlin location from now on.
3 This is an ok Port of Subs location.  My hubby loves Port of Subs, so we eat at them regularly all over town, whenever he gets the craving.  Some are yucky, some fantastic, but this location is right down the middle.  The staff at this location are very hit and miss.  Some are friendly and welcoming and some seem bothered you are making them work.  The store is clean, but looks like it needs a little refreshing with maybe a coat of paint or new flooring or something to update the interior.    I am boring and always get the #1. I call it the Italian meat buffet because it is loaded with pepperoni, salami, capicolla, ham, and provolone on bread and it is fantastic.  I am drooling just thinking about it!  I am kind of anti-veggie, so I go with just the meat, cheese, pickles, extra mustard/mayo spread, and all of the seasonings.  It is tasty!  My hubby always get the #2, which is the turkey, ham, and cheese.  He loves it and is always a happy camper afterwards.  I guess we just know what we like!  I like how everything is sliced fresh for your order.  The veggies, even though I don't eat them, all look fresh and much nicer than the veggies at Subway.  The bread is always flaky and fresh and tastes great.  They always have a huge selection of sides as well with about 10 chip types, cookies, and brownies.  I am just happy with my jalapeño chips though and really haven't tried the other items.  My hubby likes their cookies and brownies though and he gets at least 1 every time we are there.  Overall if you want a sandwich quick, this is a great location to grab one and go.
3 This place is ok. Not too bad not too good. Sometimes u just get a craving for it. It's better than Capriotti's, or Jimmy John's. Not as good as Quiznos, or Jersey Mike's. About the same as Subway or Firehouse. I like that they slice the meats in front of you. That adds a nice touch. Everyone has always been super friendly. Even when I had my kids there, bouncing off the walls, the staff never gave me an evil eye, or even a bad comment. That makes them a 3.5 star, but u can't give half stars.
