5 I wandered into Personal Eyes hoping to find a unique eyeglass frame.  I was greeted warmly even though the lady working was busy with a customer & the only person working there.  Once she finished helping the other customer, she immediately came & offered to help me.  I told her that I was looking for something interesting & unique in a red frame.  She didn't have anything in stock but said she would see if she could find what I was asking for.  I left the store & the lady, Nancy called me within the hour telling me she had something at a sister store that she would have shipped next day for me to view.  When I went back the next day, she handed me EXACTLY what I had been searching for.  It was a sassy frame by Cutler & Gross.  I purchased them immediately & gave her my prescription.  She sent them out to be made & went out of her way to make sure I was able to pick them up as soon as they came in even though it was on a day that they were closed.  The eye doctor who wrote the prescription missed adding a reading increase so I was unable to read with my new glasses.  When I called & told her this, Nancy worked to get the prescription right.  We both were uncomfortable with what the doctor's office was guessing my prescription to be so she referred me to an eye clinic that got the prescription right - no guessing & at a reasonable fee.  She covered half the cost of the reading add for my lenses & had them remade.  As a small business, this is so admirable as cost is key when running a small business.  As soon as I'm able, I will be back for a second pair of glasses.  She can get whatever you are looking for if you have a brand/model number or a good description.  Incredible!
5 WHO: Anyone who needs a new pair of DESIGNER STUNNERS! NAH'M SAYINNN!  WHEN: Monday-Friday, 9:30am-5:30pm. Saturday, 10am-4pm. Closed on Sundays!  WHERE: On W. Lake Mead (in the Whole Foods plaza).  WHY:  Friendly staff, quality service, and for a new pair of sunglasses/glasses.  WHAT: A few months ago I purchased a sunglass groupon. I totally forgot about the groupon until the very last day. (I happened to look through my purchased groupons to find that my sunglass groupon was to expire the next day!) I got ready, hopped in my car and headed to this shop excited to check out what they had available.  When I got there, I was greeted by this cute, little lady (I think she was from Hawaii). I absolutely adore her! She was very observant as to what type of sunglasses I was looking for, and then came to show me others that I haven't seen yet. I then found the love of my life... A PAIR OF BLACK/GOLD RAYBANS! I had to have them. I was ready to pay for them until I failed again and left my debit card at home...  I was pretty bummed that I had to go back home to get my card, but she told me that I can actually call my card in and buy the sunglasses with my groupon that way (since it was the very last day). As soon as I got home, called my card in, and WIN WIN WIN! I wasn't able to go back that same day to pick them up.  A few days later, I finally had time to pick them up. When I walked in again, she remembered me, packed my stunners in a bag, and I took my happy self out of the shop with my cool new ray bans.  NOTE: There is definitely a pair of sunglasses for everyone! Also, they do not do eye exams or anything of that sort!! So go on and check it out. Maybe you will find your COOL NEW STUNNERS there! =D
5 Personal Eyes Opticians of Las Vegas provides EXCEPTIONAL customer service, product selection and quality eyewear. The owner (Nancy) is very knowledgeable off all things eye related in the Las Vegas area.  I have a very difficult prescription to work with and Nancy put a lot of time into insuring that the combination of lenses and frame would meet my expectations. In addition to providing our eyewear she was very helpful, to both my wife and I, with the selection of an eye care professional to obtain the correct refractive prescriptions prior to ordering our new glasses.  Very satisfied 10 year patrons of Personal Eyes Opticians of Las Vegas.
5 I have been looking for eyeglasses for the past few months and was referred to Personal Eyes from a co worker.  I couldn't believe how helpful Nancy was and ended up purchasing 3 pair that I absolutely love!!!! If you are looking for that perfect pair to compliment your style and personality; Personal Eyes is a must!!!!
5 I went to Personal Eyes on the very high recommendation of my ophthalmologist.  I had no idea what I was looking for.  Nancy was awesome!  She spent time talking to me and asking questions. She picked out 2 pairs of glasses that I absolutely love!!! I went back and got a pair of rayban sunglasses the next week. Nancy has a wonderful selection of frames and she could not have been more attentive and accommodating to my needs. I highly recommend Personal Eyes!
