1 I'm being very  generous giving them one star, people beware of this place !I went there for a mammogram didn't realize I was walking into Stone Age, there machines are ancient , they gave me so much pain and they couldn't even finish it instead they gave me an ice pack . Evan they know there machines are old because I said this isn't my first time and its not suppose  to hurt this much they said go to a place where they have newer machines .
4 The entire staff was great on the day i had to go. It was a Saturday and i had many test to be done. 2 MRI , 1 ultrasound and a mammogram. I was going to be there a long time. But they made everything as pleasant as possible. Not too much of a wait and the mammogram was a new experience for me all together, uncomfortable but necessary. Just listen to the instructions and it will be over, i was a good patient lol i was told.  Overall today the staff did great for me.
1 My wife went for a scheduled appointment and was told to report to the wrong location, so we were late for her procedure to begin with. They asked for payment up front before services were rendered, and then she was called back and placed in a room with dirty floors and missing ceiling tile used to storing office supplies- this was supposed to be a sterile procedure. They were supposed to do the procedure guided by CT Scan but the medical assistant in the doctor's office called the request in wrong, so they proceeded to do an ultrasound. My wife questioned this and requested that they call the doctor to confirm. This was not done, and we paid for an unnecessary test. As it turns out, Desert Radiologist cannot perform the required test and we will have to go to a surgeon. I complained to the office manager, stating that I would not pay for an unnecessary test, but because of the mistake with the medical assistant at the doctor's office, I was forced to pay for the uninsured portion of the ultrasound. I was refunded the remainder of my money. In reality, they should have LISTENED to the patient and at least attempted to call the doctor, and I probably should have not paid for the ultrasound based on that. But they were too busy pushing people through their office to stop and make sure that they were doing the right thing and that the customer's needs come first. We will never return to Desert Radiologists based on the cleanliness of the facility alone. A one-star rating is generous. Now I will deal with the doctor and his medical assistant.
5 Staff went above and beyond, from Barbara in the Front ...to Kristi in Nuclear medicine and Miguel in radiology. They were so many issues leading up to this intensive test for my mom that I was beginning to lose my mind.  They were exceptional in the attention they gave to straightening out communications between medical offices and showed great patience to my mother ... And me.... when after I had been through 4 months of screwups and referrals to other radiologists that had not been able to perform this test.  So, well done and thank you again. !  You three are amazing!
2 Been here many years ago for a employee required chest xray. So this year I'm here for my yearly mammogram.   Now I've had many of these over the years and know a little about the process. I've had to change diagnostic centers a few times due to insurance restrictions, so this was my first visit using my providers choice.  I walked in knowing I had to do some paperwork, I found the sign in sheet and got signed in, then told to sit and they would call me back up.  So I get seated only to be called back and given a clipboard with paper work, confused with their process, I completed the forms, and tried to turn them back in, only to be told to wait. So once again, I sat back down and waited.   Now after about 10 minutes of waiting, I get called up, now they collect the forms and again I sat back in the waiting area and wait.   Finally, I get called to the back, shown the changing room and told once I have changed to wait in the room across the way. So, again I am waiting.  The tech comes for me and once in the room, we begin the process, she is trying to be gentle but seems intimidated by me somehow, she's clumsey and is repeating herself a lot, the ques she gives me are confusing and slow.   I've had very comfortable mammagrams without pain and discomfort but this wasn't one of them!  My chest felt like she just scraped my breast wall off! Wow, I don't know if it was this tech's experience or lack of, but hopefully, next year will be better!
1 If yelp had negative star option this place would deserve it. My child was sent here for a MRI, I got a call that the Auth was received  and that I had a appointment  for Friday  at 10pm. I got not one but 2 calls to confirm the appointment. I showed up for the appointment to be told that my  appointment was not for this day but  that it was schedule for Monday. I try to explain to the receptionist that I had been called 2 times to confirm but she refuse to listen and rather told me "look I can't do nothing so are you coming Monday or not?"   Soo Monday I show up around 9:40 pm to be greeted by the same rude receptionist. She hands me a clipboard with paperwork and tells me to fill out. There was not one patient only me my child her and the "security"  the front waiting area is divided into two areas each with a TV so I asked if she could please change one to Spanish channel. She responds no I can't the "security" said its disrespectful for our English speaking clients?!  I would understand this stamens of there was other clients or if there was only one T.V so I asked to speak to a supervisor. No surprise with her answer "my supervisor is at home sleeping"  finally we get called back by one of the tech assistant. Very nice young lady I explain to her what had happened she took me back to a diff waiting room changed the tv for me and apologize for the front desk behavior.  I'm guessing nothing will be done because base on the behavior of the "security" the front desk and the cleaning lady they sure don't care about customer service because there isn't a supervisor to control the disrespect that goes on and yes the cleaning lady because she was on her Bluetooth chatting in Spanish about how she want to go get a massage Wednesday. If they are concerned people being offended by Spanish TV they should also be offended by the staff speaking Spanish on their cell phone while working.
