1 Its all about the money, and really who goes through medical school if its not about the big cash.  Healing and helping people cannot possibly be the motivation.  I had my gallbladder removed by Dr. Francis Teng. My 2 insurances were billed $26,000. Thankfully, (not) my out of pocket was only $320 and $210 to the anesthicialogist who happens to be Tengs brother and $35 to Rosa Teng (office manager) for a one page return to work form.  My return visit after the surgery was about 10 seconds long. I was still asking him  questions when he was shaking my hand and leading me out of the office. Rosa his sister and office manager is so rude. The word rude doesn't describe how awful this woman is.   She is snarky, smartass, pretentious and full of smartass comments. She handles all the insurance and copay fees. She will nickle and dime you, so be sure you contact your insurance to make sure you get the right coverage and no extra fees.    By the way he does single incision surgery, he promises no scar, well mine healed horribly, its what they call a keloid scar and its about and inch long right under my bellybutton.    Go to a different doctor. Or ask any medical professional in the las vegas area and everyone seems to agree with the bad bedside manner of Dr. Francis Teng and the unprofessional office assistant  Rosa.
5 I have the utmost respect for Dr. Teng . He is truly the most caring and competent physician I have ever seen. Always on call and never too busy to take charge at anytime N/D. He got me through a very difficult time and I know if I needed him right now he would be at the other end of the phone or meeting me at the hospital. He is a man with a true commitment to his profession and the finest Dr. and gentlemen I have ever met. His brother works hand in hand with as his antheisologist and also a true professional. Office staff caring, competent, and always ready to make things work. As you can see I wish I could go to him for everything that was in need of attention. I wish him and all his staff the best always and look forward  to my follow up visit in a couple of months. one other point of information. Always has a can do and wonderful attitude. Thank you Dr. Teng You saved my life. Thanks again  Steve & Hobie Hellerstein
2 I will say he is a good surgeon, but it is all about the money, I had to come up with a deposit of $1500 for the surgery and was told that after the insurance company paid, it would be returned. Well, it was not returned, and I asked about it on every visit after the surgery. I was told they would contact the billing office. I paid for the surgery and the insurance company paid for the surgery. Dr Teng was paid twice. I did not have any deductible, so I would not recommend going to Dr. Teng because it is greed that motivates him and if asked for a deposit, remember, you will never see it returned as promised.
1 Back in January I had to have my gall bladder removed which was a very unexpected and scary surgery for someone like me who has only ever had my wisdom teeth out. I was referred to Dr. Teng's office by a friend of mine who had the weight loss surgery that is his bread and butter. I should have waited for the doctor who I was referred to in the ER to have an opening but I was in a ton of pain and wanted to have the surgery as soon as possible. It was no surprise that my liver was inflamed and that Dr. Teng said it was the worst gall bladder case he has ever seen, but at least he got it out and although I now have an 8 inch scar it was worth it to no longer be in the kind of pain I was experiencing.  I too had to pay a deposit before the surgery which I did and then six months after the surgery I received a sizable bill. I couldn't understand why after the deposit and my insurance company pitching in he was still expecting me to pay almost $800! With the ER bills leading up to the surgery taxing our finances as well you can imagine I was not thrilled. My husband tried calling the office at least three times to get the scoop on the bill. When it came in the mail it looked sketchy with no actual descriptive information on it. I could have designed a more legitimate looking invoice on my own computer! We wanted to know what we were paying for exactly and why the balance was so much. After three phone calls my husband had still not heard back from the office yet they continued to send out invoices threatening to slap us with a late payment. Honestly, who does not return phone calls?!?!? If you are a business it is what you do! We were very frustrated.  Finally my husband got ahold of Dr. Teng's head secretary or office manager who seems to think very highly of herself. She was very unhelpful and wouldn't answer his questions besides telling him to contact our insurance provider. Again, what kind of business practice is this?  We paid our bills and hopefully that's the end of it.
