5 Pardon me for not being as funny and silly as I usually am, but ladies you need to know how seriously awesome this practice is. Incredible care! Not to get too personal, but I am a really large woman. I'm also about 10 minutes away from being 50. Finding a good ob/gyn is even more difficult for women of size and menopausal age. I don't know if you would call it a speciality, but Dr. Swainston knows how to examine larger women. He knows the obstacles and concerns and made me feel incredibly safe and comfortable and accepted.  Everyone in this very busy office takes the time to make sure that patients are getting what they need.  Be prepared that it is a busy practice and sometimes it takes a few tries to get through via phone. But hey, this is a practice for women and babies about to be born. There are going to be emergencies and delays right? However, everyone in the office knows how to get information. I'm a relatively new paritent and I had an unexpected medical emergency, unrelated to gyn issues - blood clot in leg.  Dr. Swainston called me at UMC, a hospital where he does not have privileges, to check on me. He brought me in after I was released to make sure that my gyn care matched my needs in terms of the clot medication. He's incredibly kind and honest and easy to talk to because he is a listener.  Most importantly, he is talented and knowledgable,  A friend had a complicated pregnacy recently and Dr. Swainston ahd his associate took over her care. The job they did was amazing.  Mother and baby are beautiful and healthy. Ladies, I don't care that sending you here will make the office even busier, you must go to this doctor!
1 Out of all my life, I've never HATED a practice this much in my life. Whenever I call I'm on hold for 15-25 mins minimum. They call me and tell me my results are positive and then they send me a letter saying my results are negative, so which one is it then???? So I call them waited on hold just for them to tell me "THEY DONT KNOW and that They have to call me the next day ". Mind you I had my Pap smear January 31 and didn't get results for 2.5 weeks, and the ONLY reason I got my results by phone is because I called them 4 times, but those 4 times they told me they'd call me back, NEVER DID. and come to find out my results never came back from the lab. Then I get a letter 1 week later saying my results are normal. I go to get my medical records from them to change doctors and wait 40 mins for them to tell me they can't get it off the computer because "they have a new system". The staff is absolutely horrid and inappropriate. I only went there once and they have put me through way too much. These people don't care about their patients at all.
5 I have been a patient of Dr. Swainston for just over seven years now and still couldn't be happier with my obgyn. This man is amazing!! He saved my daughters life and I will always be thankful to him for the gift he has given me. Dr. Swainston's practice is truly a professional team.
