5 I went through the fast care at this location and it was great. I was In and Out. The doctors answer all your questions. They are very helpful if you come in with multiple problems. I came in for eczema and also left with an allergy shot.
4 Love this place!!!! Got my husband an appointment withing 3 days as opposed to another doctor who could not see either us until July...its April now.  Everything is right at their facility from lab, X-ray to the doctors. All in one! There is agreat selection of doctors as well.  Convenience and top notch customer care! Everyone was so friendly and professional.
1 Getting an appointment to see a specialist takes an act of congress - and we're all currently experiencing how difficult that is. Then, after finally getting approval to see a specialist, I was given an appointment six weeks out. After finally making it to my appointment, no worries, the numbness is still in my feet, the doctor treated me and told me to come back to see him if the treatment doesn't work in a few weeks. Three weeks later, the numbness is still there so I call for an appointment - a total of three phone calls and over 70 minutes on hold. I was actually told I had to go through my primary care physician AGAIN. Imagine that. Jump through more hoops AFTER I was already approved for the same condition. Needless to say, I fired the whole lot of them. Ridiculous way to run a business.
3 urgent care
1 In my opinion, the are a few things in life that are a must when it comes to living.  My dad says those things are....well ill just use the quote.." boy!! 2 things in life you never go cheap on,  pretzel rods, and toilet paper!!" My father is an extremely frugal man. However, I would like to add to his list by saying health care needs to be in the mix.  It started with a vecation. . The day I left for the vacation I called into my doctors office( well not the office itself. .. The answering service) and send for a med refill. I was Un aware that I had no refills until the day I was leaving (my fault) . So I called it in and they office said 72 hrs. Understandable but also horrible considering it's  an anti depressant.  Couple days without is bad news bears. Then I took the drive. *4 hrs.  Everyday I called the pharmacy to ask if the medication was in yet. . Every day I got bad news. That was for the first 3 days. After that I called the answering service again to say something. The guy in the phone says . It's going to take up to 72 hrs again. I got angry, then he said he would put in a 24 hr emergency  refill request. Still sucks, but it's all I could get ... The 24 hour request was 4 days ago and I haven't heard anything still. So I call again and they put me through to the doctors office. The reception clerk was very friendly and just all around happy. Said that she understood the week of withdraw I was going  through and apologized. Then said all she had to was to walk a piece of paper to the back office and hit send to the pharmacy.  This now was also about 4 hrs ago... I don't know what to do anymore. I would drive to the office but my withdraw makes me very very dizzy and hard to concentrate.    Now I know not to go cheap on my well being . Not only do they not follow protocol they themselves created, but the biggest part for me is the absence of the human element in the situation. I had to call to a call center . .... what the crap..... A call center.... not even In the same location. As my doctor. ... I was on hold for 38 minutes only to be put on hold again to be transferred to my docs actual office. All of this while being dizzy, no concentration no sleep. Fatigue, vivid dreams, etc etc and it's only getting worse. .   This isn't supposed to be a health care vending machine. There are paitents that trust you with there lives.  And when those patients actually need help ... southwest medical is no where to be found . They would have more stars if they actually gave a shit.
2 Im doing this review solely on the emergence care....  Umm NO!!!! The checkin process was amazing, fast and quick.  The doctor that saw me was horrible, unfortunatly I cant nor do I want to go into details of the resaon for my visit, but lets just say this doctor did nothing for me.  Never asked any intro questions, never offered blood/urine tests (which I found out later, were 100% needed) made up some crazy diagnosis that had nothing to do with the problem at hand and sent me on my way with antibiotics.  Needless to say i will never go to this emergency care again!!! EVER!!!
5 Visited Radiology/Imaging Dept. Although the procedure itself was painful for me (due to extensive spine hardware), the young bearded gentleman (didn't tell me his name) who registered me was polite, efficient, and took precautions to preserve my privacy when another client came in and stood (within listening range), behind me, instead of behind the marked line where she belonged. I appreciated that. The wait for my imaging studies was brief. Then Laura, the radiology tech, came to the door & called me to come in. She gave clear & detailed instructions both prior to & following the studies. She was careful to protect my modesty, was professional, compassionate, and still efficient. She was kind and friendly. When you are in pain, these are things you really appreciate! This is the place to go for your Radiology/Imaging Study needs! Thank you to Laura & staff! In addition, they are open 7am-7pm!!! Awesome!
