4 Love this place, especially the rebates from shopping!
3 It's a grocery store. It's pretty nice and pretty clean and has a pretty good selection (including a whole section/deli area dedicated to kosher foods). After moving from Carson City, it's a little hard to believe that a Smith's can be anything more than a total dump. The prices are reasonable and they have a Starbucks inside. My only gripe so far has come from hearing a manager (who stood oddly and uncomfortably close to me....repeatedly) being a genuine dick to an off-duty employee, telling her that she couldn't be in the store in uniform and that she had to go to the break room. He even gave her shit for eating on the floor. It was only after her repeated denials that he finally acknowledged that the food in question was actually his own leftovers from that morning. But like I said, it's a pretty good grocery store. I just wish someone would smack the little manager in the mouth once. Him and his crappy attitude cost his store a star. Dick.
5 I've been coming to this Smith's for many years and I love it. It's outside of Del Webb so I fondly refer to it as Geriatric Smith's but that's a good thing! The store is clean, well-lit, and with wide aisles to accommodate the scooter crowd. It's also quieter than most because it's not swarming with annoying children and their oblivious parents. Plus, since this store caters to the older demographic, I can find lots of Kosher, natural and reduced sodium options.
1 WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER......Today I went to cash a check at the customer services center around 3, so I could purchase groceries with my children after cashing the check,, the gentlemen working the center... Well wouldn't call him a gentlemen,, I was treated with no customer service what so ever, he didn't welcome me addressed me as "yeah" and rudely told me "we don't cash those thing here" and without telling me why, he waved the next customer in line over, I asked for manager which she was no help at all , she rolled her eyes when I went to explain the service I had just received , she stated " he's been working here along time he knows what he is doing" while she was talking to me, the guy working kept placing his two cents into the conversation while laughing thinking the situation was something to smirk about, I had ask to speak to someone else which the manager said there was no one else to speak with and If I didn't like it to leave a have a good day.. I felt disrespected and belittled on the way I was treated, after leaving I felt ashamed and betrayed since I've been such a loyal customer, I have always shopped at SMITH'S but no longer, I suggest shopping at Albertson's which is just down the road on Cheyenne and Rampart, or even Walmart.. I never ever place reviews but this experience was too much and I really posted this so other family's could avoid experiencing the same treatment, no customer should ever be treated in this manner.. Thank you for reading I hope you avoid this experience by taking you business else where.
5 Now, I would never NORMALLY give Smith's a five star rating (I go to smith's because it is near my house, but a five, really?) but this particular smith's I went to because someone at Village Meat and Wine (see my review of them) told me to try this particular Smith's because of the Kosher experience.  I was looking for salt free matzo meal to make a cheesecake.  Sounds weird but honestly the cheesecake came out great.  I couldn't believe the Kosher experience.  It had everything you could need.  I immediately found the salt free matzo meal but took a few minutes to look around as this Smith's seems to have a lot of things others do not.  I will be back to this particular Smith's!
