5 Viva Las Vegas...but I'm feeling puny.  Looking for a clinic to get a little care in the Red Rock area and this place was recommended.  Went into the walgreens.  Signed in via computer. Taken in a room by Dr.Tina and given the twice over, peed in a cup and she sent me away with the needed medication.  Quick, professional, caring and reasonably priced without all the joy of sitting in an emergency room that looks like the streets of Calcutta for hours. I will use this for vaccinations and minor medical stuff.  This is beyond convenient.
3 I usually go to the Walgreens that's closer to my house, but today I was near this one and decided to stop by and pick up some Dove Dark Chocolate Candy for the Better Half.  It is her Birthday today and one of her favorite things is Dove Dark Chocolate.  I can count on Walgreens to be able to provide me the awesomeness that will make me a hero for today.  Since she had to work on her Birthday, I thought I'd surprise her with some of these bad boys and another one of her favorites.  Will I return?  To this location, only when I'm nearby.
3 Just like any other walgreens, they're just Walgreens, nothing special.  I do like they're little trinkets they sell.. =)
1 Crazy high ripoff prices!
5 5 stars because the service is good, prices right and it's the only drugstore we attend
5 They're fast to fill my prescription, it's always ready when they promised, and the drive-thru pharmacy is never busy when I go.   Can't ask for more than that. Definitely great for prescriptions!
5 Great location!
1 First. I get my prescription filled here the same time every month. Second, they started a new policy that for controlled substances, they have to call your dr to verify as to why it is being prescribed. That is a HIPPA violation. Third, the pharmacists think they have the option to not fill the medicine if it has been less that a month. The dr wouldn't write it in the first place if it wasn't needed or too early. You are a pharmacist, not a dr! Do your job and fill medicine. Don't act like you are a dr. Cause you're not!
3 They've got a wide selection of cheap cosmetics, and an even bigger section for cough and cold meds, but it's so EXPENSIVE! I mean, except for the cosmetics. They have everything you need for your sniffles, but you'll need a second mortgage on your house before they're done with you! And the pharmacy is really really slow.. And again, expensive. If you go to the clinic here, do yourself a favor and fill your prescriptions somewhere else. Walmart is cheap, and if you hate Walmart, Smith's is surprisingly affordable. Seriously, even the clinic staff will advise you to go elsewhere.  It's really more 2 1/2 stars, but I'll bump it to 3, simply because of the selection and the fact that they have a clinic right in store. You can't beat if for convenience.
3 Perfectly fine. Open later than other local Walgreens. Nothing particularly notable about this Walgreens --- like many places, if you need a serious over the counter cough/cold medicine bring your I.D. No need to bring Breaking Bad into this!
2 This Walgreens is just ok. The store itself is very clean and organized, the cashier are also most of the time nice and helpful.   The pharmacy is another story. I've dealt with both walk up and drive thru and the customer service is atrocious in both areas. The drive thru is much worse, fyi. I have a script that I drop off every single month, and for the most part they have it. This medication is usually back ordered some places, so I have to come here... barf. Any who, one time I was in the DT and the pharm tech let me know my medication was not in stock, I asked if they had it in any other WGs and she said she didnt know. BUUUUT she went above and beyond for this male in the car next to mine. LAME.  Again, my medicine was out of stock and again they wouldnt call other locations, so I asked for my other script I had dropped off... they couldnt find it nor was it in their "log" they keep. 10 mins later the rude pharm tech found it and told me to come back in an hour.  Like I said, the pharmacy is hit or miss... mostly miss for me, but the store is pretty decent.  Take your scripts to an independent pharmacy like Spring Valley or to Target where theyre actually super nice!  Yay!
