5 Jen Lewis is the best hairdresser. I've been going to her for about 2 years and she just moved to this location. I would follow her anywhere!  The salon sits on one of the lakes and it's a great, relaxing view while your color is setting. All of the staff is extremely accommodating, always making sure customers are comfortable.
5 Tammy Lord is maybe the #1 most amazing hairdresser ever and I am hating myself as I write this review since everyone is going to want to go to her after (and I will never get in to see her) but still, she needs to props she deserves!!! I don't really know how she hasn't been reviewed yet by anyone else but I guess I will be the first. Tammy has taken my hair from major BLEH to people think my hair looks amazing 6 months+ after its been done by Tammy. Perfect color, perfect cuts EVERY TIME. I guess what spurned this review after so long(I've been her client for a few years) is that I just had my hair done here in San Diego by someone else and I almost cried when he took the towel off my head. The color was NOT right. He used the bleach for the highlights but totally effed up my low-lights (Tammy, if you are reading this, I'm coming in in January...I need you). They do not match my hair AT ALL. My sister and mom go to Tammy as well. They came down to see me for Thanksgiving last week, took one look at my hair and said...why is it orange? You need to go see Tammy ASAP. To top it off, he cut these randoms bits of my hair different odd lengths "to make it healthy" so my hair looks all choppy and short in some places and long in others. It's just awful. And if you've seen my profile pic, you'll see my hair and see how beautiful it is thanks only to Tammy (pic was taken in February, 2 months after she did it). So it's true folks. Tammy is a miracle worker. She's fixed my hair before when its been botched by these people here in SD and I'm sure this won't be the last time she'll have to do it. She's also incredibly smart and interesting and will always make you feel better about yourself after sitting in her chair for a few hours. It's like a therapy session + hair therapy session...aka what could be better? And don't even let me forget her head massages...OMG. I gotta stop here because now, Tammy is going to be busier than ever. Love love love Tammy!
4 I go here to get my hair cut and have been with Greg since 1991.  This salon provides a nice view of the lake and also offers other services such as nails and pedicures.
2 Used a groupon but unfortunately the highlight portion was very disappointing. I literally cannot see the difference from when I came before. I have light brown hair and wants very light pale blonde highlights with bleach as I get done frequently. I didn't realize until the next day that the highlights they attempted to do didn't come out at all and my hair looks basically the same as before I went there. Very disappointing, especially since this is such a common service and I have had it done so many times without issues elsewhere.
1 Being in the service industry myself, I have been vehemently against Groupon from the start. However, I needed a haircut so badly, funds were limited, and i had not found a new stylist since moving back to vegas. So I swallowed my shame, called The Salon and asked a few questions. The receptionist was very sweet and professional, and just my luck, there was an opening that day (which was a Monday).  I arrived 20 mins early, as I wanted a chance to look through a book or magazine. My stylist was hanging around the front desk already, so she took me early.  I showed her a very simple style that I liked, straight with piece-y layers at the bottom, a bit longer than shoulder length. She studied the picture closely several times, chatting away as she began what would turn into a 1.5 hour haircut. She had no idea how to layer my hair, she kept doing these short, choppy little snips at the bottom, cutting my hair into a straight line all the way across. she didn't even touch the rest of my hair, leaving me with this awful cut that in no way resembled the photo or any other style I've ever seen or had. I can't style this. I can't do anything with it. I had to correct her several times because she'd cut one side and forget to do the same thing on the other, then when I pointed out that it was completely uneven, she laughed it off and said that it was the lighting.With plenty of product she managed to give my hair enough body to appear different than it was when I walked in... by the time I got home, the product had worn off and I was in tears as I realized how terrible I looked. I've never had my hair look this awful.  I made an even worse mistake by letting her do my eyebrow/lip wax. she bragged on and on about how much she loved waxing, and since I was headed to Nail Country after, I decided to save the trip, since the haircut had taken so long. It was IMMEDIATELY obvious that she had never waxed anything in her life. She had no idea how to pull my skin tight, and actually needed ME to do it for her. She definitely didn't shape or even finish the brows and did the middle off-center, taking too much off one side. She also insisted on showing me the wax strips after pulling them, I have no idea why. She couldn't even wax my lip right! She told me to hold my lip tight against my upper teeth, which you NEVER do, then used about 5 strips to sloppily wax the center. She left wax all over my face. When I looked in the mirror I couldn't believe it, and immediately pointed out how crooked my eyebrows were. Again, she blamed the lighting! She had taken at least 20-30 minutes on the waxing, I wasn't about to let her continue. I paid, tipped 15% on what the full service (before groupon) should have costed, and FLEW to Nail Country. They cleaned the old wax off, finished my brows, redid my lip, and couldn't believe I'd just paid $10 MORE than I'd ever paid anywhere for such terrible waxing.  I did call and speak with the manager a few days later, who wasted no time telling me that they have a huge sign in the lobby explaining their No Money Back policy. They must have plenty of complaints if they had to have a sign printed! I told her I didn't want my money back, I just wanted my hair fixed and that stylist educated before she be allowed to go near another client again. Turns out that my two days off (Sunday and Monday) made having my hair fixed and finished impossible... they are closed Sunday and the manager is off Monday. So I was out about $100 after the awful haircut, incompetent wax, tip, then a 2nd wax done elsewhere and HER tip.   I had to save up for that session, and it was a terrible experience. I still had all the same dead ends, limp hair, and zero style... it was just shorter. I will NEVER go back.
5 I love coming here. Everyone is so nice and the atmosphere is very relaxing.  Bree does the best nails in town and is a sweetheart to boot.
5 Anthony gave me a haircut and color, my hair color is gray.  I get blond with highlights to cover my gray.  He did an amazing job matching and improving upon my existing color. He is a pleasure.  He also gave a scalp massage and hair masque with my treatment.  I highly recommend Anthony!
5 I go see Chelsea at Lakeside once a month. She is very passionate about what she does and will not let you leave until both of you are more than happy. The scenery is beautiful as well. Nice place to relax have some coffee or tea while looking over the lake getting your hair done.
