5 First time actually going out to eat at a sushi place,  so far my experience has been ou this buffet has california rolls i think i'll have a couple  LOVED IT, it was special because it was my girlfriends birthday but im surprised i could eat the food enjoyably!  ordered a couple different rolls and the staff was very welcoming towards me not knowing how to order or anything, free appetizers were cool, we came in 30 min before closing but we weren't rushed at all.  very satisfied and would return over and over, maybe someday i'll try another sushi bar  but for now its yummy :P 4/5 for a great 1st time  ps ive never seen how to make sushi so i like how they make it right in front of you at the bar :D  Edit: Went a second time and they remembered us, they have what look like fish bowls on the bar that were empty, we put 5 or six ones in there to get the tipping started!!!!
5 One of the best sushi restaurants I've been to -- not just in Las Vegas, but overall. The fish is some of the freshest I've been served, and the chefs often hook it up with more than we were expecting. Great service, too!
5 First time here and the fish is very fresh. Add the great service and its five stars!
5 What can I say the name says it all, it's very yummy! Went here with my boss and I loved it...the owner is great he was talking to us about the different types of fresh fish he purchases from all over and even showed us a sweet shrimp which was still alive maybe so we can see everything is really really fresh... In  overall service, food and Sapporo was great!!
5 My husband and I are all about customer service so when we go out to eat sushi we know Yummy sushi is the place to be! They greet you when you walk in like you're somebody important, they're always smiling, there is ALWAYS sports on the TV and the food is simply amazing! I had a PLAYBOY ROLL that was to die for, you ever eat something and its so good it makes your mouth water? Yeah that's the Playboy roll. :)
5 It took some searching, but I finally discovered the finest sushi on the Northwest side of town. Yummy Sushi has one of the most knowledgeable sushi chefs around, and his dedication  to his craft is evident in every bite. They have the finest, freshest fish in town, often offering live shrimp and other crustations. The the chef is something of a marine biologist, giving patrons the lowdown on the spawning habits, migration and such of the various fish he serves.   Aside from the superior fish, the service is also top-notch with a welcoming, genuinely friendly athmosphere. It tends to get busy in the evenings, but definately worth the wait. It's also a bit pricier the the AYCE joints, the quality is unparalled. Simply the best sushi I've found.
5 Happened upon this place after a 12 hour day and needing to refuel before driving home and wasn't disappointed. The staff was incredibly friendly! I had the yellowtail sashimi and eel sashimi and both were excellent-and not  just because I hadn't eaten in eight hours. I can't remember what roll I had but it was delicious too and I pretty much embarrassed myself by eating my entire order in less than 10 minutes.  A lot of regulars came in during the time I was there which was a simple testament to the fact that this place has awesome food and great personalized service. It's a little out of the way for me, but I'd definitely go out of my way to come back!
4 I used to live minutes from the ocean and walking distance from amazing Omasake, so I wasn't sure I'd find similar caliber here in the desert of Las Vegas.  But, I am soooo glad that I gave "Yummy Grill & Sushi" a chance.  Don't let the fact that it is owned and staffed by non-Japanese fool you.  Nor the fact that it is in a strip mall in suberbia. They know sushi.    I have already been here twice in one week because the first time didn't fully satisfy my curiosity of their creative rolls from the extensive menu.  They are delicious, but The Kobe Beef Roll was OUTSTANDING.  I might make it 3 times this week, just so I can order that again.  The sushi and sashimi is impressively fresh.  Ama ebi is one of my favorite items, and it was fantastic, as was the perfectly deep fried head. Dipped in ponzu sauce...I was in heaven.   And the spicy tuna hand rolls are filling and so flavorful (it actually stands up to my favorite spicy tuna hand roll from Noshi Sushi!)   No doubt, I will be back again and again!
4 Wed afternoon, 3PM - Fantastic sushi and service.  Employee synergy was so good I had to ask the sushi chef (not the owner) whether or not it was a family owned restaurant.  My internal SushiBar™ was set by a once amazing Japanese sushi bar in Hollywood, a family run (in its heyday) bar I've frequented since I was a child.  Only today have I run into anything comparable.  Service was great - neither the chef nor server were overly talkative, but both were really pleasant, polite and attentive (I was waiting a moment as I'd ordered 2 of the most elaborate rolls I saw).  Despite my having ordered my sushi to-go, the chef served me a cucumber salad and the waitress brought water, which was kind.  I ordered three rolls, one of which was the Touchdown roll on the recommendation of an earlier reviewer - NICE!  I've forgotten the names of the other two rolls but, at the moment, I'm calling them all delicious.  The fish tasted fresh and I thought I could taste everything used in the rolls.  Impressive.
5 Went here for lunch today and gotta say this is the best sushi in Vegas so far!  I really liked the TNT roll with sriracha on top.  We also had yellow tail and toro sushi and Japanese red snapper (kinmedai) sashimi all very fresh and good quality.  Had the caterpillar roll which is eel and avocado, nice and the sex on the beach which was good but not my favorite just wanted to try it as I have seen it on lots of sushi menus.  We spent a bit more than we usually do but it was well worth it for the better quality.  Definitely will come back.
3 MY GF and I were recommended to eat here so, for our Girls Day Out, we decided to check it out!   We went on a Wednesday afternoon, the parking lot was not busy at all. Their specials for lunch were OK, I have to come back for a visit for HH. The food was pretty good though. ONLY IF I COULD REMEMBER THE NAMES! There's one roll named, something like "Tastes like my ex-girlfriend"... LOL we had a laugh about the name and had to try it out because of it lol.   Again, I have to say, I have to come back for HH, HH specials look real good!
4 So we were in town for Thanksgiving visiting the in-laws and our first night in town, Wednesday, my brother in-law asked what type of food we wanted for dinner. My answer is always "Sushi!" my brother in-law is also a big sushi lover and since he lives in Vegas knows the best places to go. So Wednesday night he took us to Yummy. So appropriately named. I checked off on the sheet of paper they give you exactly what I wanted but in the end my brother in-law took over and ordered a platter of sashimi, my favorite, and some food for the mother in-law and her bf and I actually forget what my husband ordered. Everything was so fresh and delicious and the staff was wonderful. The sushi chef actually put fresh wasabi on our platter. I have never had fresh wasabi, I've only had the paste. OMG...where has it been all my life?!! I seriously need a vat of that stuff. It was so incredibly good. The sushi chef also sent us out some grilled seafood...so good!   Next time I'm in Vegas I am so hitting Yummy up again!
5 Satisfied  Very nice ambience very  good food
3 Weren't feeling up to sushi so we grabbed some dinner specials.   Unagi Dinner ($13 comes with miso soup & salad)- pretty good, but it's a standard dish you know....most sushi places get their supply of pre cooked eel at the same place. Still, it's a "comfort" simple dish.  Tempura Dinner ($13 w/ miso &salad) - pretty good, crunchy. The portion was decent with 6 or so veggies, 5 shrimp and 1 crab stick. Crab stick was interesting to try since I've never seen that before- its A-OK and rather have an extra shrimp.   Miso is like any other miso soup, the salad had a good fresh dressing on it. The server also brought us a little pancake.   Now why 3 stars? So the star of the show seems to be sushi and quality sushi but someone at the sushi bar was a bit off putting and we were really glad that we didn't order raw fish that day from them. So one guy was counting money at the bar and later he started rubbing his head and scratching it vigorously. We then see him pick up knives and though he went to the sink to rinse off the knives....it's questionable if his hands hit soap. Just saying if you're counting money and scratching your pomade styled head your hand touching water isn't gonna cut it. I rarely get grossed out since I eat at some hole-in- the-walls that look like crack dens, but I see them wash their hands. The BF noticed it and he didn't like what he saw.   We would've come back for the creative sushi another time since we see all these rave reviews, but I think we might pass onto someplace else. Can't really give more than 3 stars to a place we probably wont return to.
5 Sushi restaurants seem to be a dime a dozen here in Vegas. When I moved here, I struggled to find my favorite because of how many great places there are.   Well... I think I found it!   This is why Yummy Sushi is rad:   *Low key and subtle ambiance   *Super fresh fish and live shell fish   *Always have different types of fish coming in so the menu is constantly changing. Check the white board when you walk in   *Amazing service! Everyone in the place says what's up when you get there, and they yell good bye and thank you as you leave.   *If you sit at the bar... You will get VIP treatment, but not over the top. Everyone there is great, but Eddie is the one that made us start going back... Awesome attitude, creative rolls and sashimi, intelligent and genuine conversations... I've never been to a Sushi bar and left thinking to myself... Damn... Did we just become best friends?   *Typically, the other customers in there are great too. We've met some interesting and fun people hanging out in this place.   I've been here twice in the last week, and plan on doing the same this week.   If you've got a current Sushi spot and you're stoked on it... Great! But give these guys a try, you wont be disappointed.
5 Far and away my favorite sushi place in town. No AYCE, but still worth going to. They have the highest quality sushi I've ever tasted, and some very good special rolls. If you like spice, try their.. I think it's called Dragon roll or something. It comes with jalapeño slices on top, and is very tasty and pretty spicy.  A+ from me for this place, and I've been suggesting it to everyone I know who likes sushi.
5 I was going to eat at Quiznos next door, but decided to try Yummy's...and I'm very glad I did. I've lived in Vegas for 3 years and had yet to find a "good" sushi place. Since I had never eaten there I was a little skeptical so I stuck to the "basic" rolls. I got the spicy tuna and a cali roll. They were SO fresh! The spicy tuna was by far the best I've ever had. I will return many times over! Can't wait to try something else....
4 Yummy Grill Sushi is pretty close to us. I've been here about four times so far.  On our most recent visit we ordered: Tuna poki (chopped tuna, red onion, seaweed salad, sesame oil, soy sauce, green onion, and masago) This was my wife's favorite. It had a nice balance of flavors.  Uni (sea urchin) Very good and super fresh.  Spider man (spicy tuna, soft shell crab, cucumber, avocado, topped with eel, spicy yum yum, eel sauce and scallion) Pretty good but not as tasty as I had hoped.   Arizona roll (spicy yellowtail, scallion, cucumber topped with yellowtail, avocado, ponzu sauce and green onion). Good but probably not good enough to order again.  Crazy jalapeño (deep fried jalapeño, cream cheese, spicy tuna, and chef's special sauce) Pretty tasty and something I would order again.  We found a piece of plastic wrap on the Arizona roll so they offered us each a scoop of ice cream and the owner came over and apologized.  I ordered the black sesame and my wife got the green tea ice cream. Both were quite good. I'd never had black sesame ice cream before and found it quite intriguing.
5 This is an amazing sushi bar.  Other reviews say the fish is fresh and they weren't joking.  Its a small place with not much ambience, but if you're going there for amazing sushi, you won't be disappointed.
5 Went here for dinner last night w/ my sister. I noticed the robust & friendly greetings as the customers walk in. We sat at the bar where the owner/sushi chef Eric served us. The place was nice & clean.   I was really impressed w/ how he would give us brief information & a visual of where he got each sea creature & fish before preparing & serving it to us. Everything was made fresh right in front of us even the decorative garnishes. He seemed very passionate about his culinary skills.   When we got our food, it was love at first bite!  Everything was so good & fresh & nicely portioned. I was floating on cloud 9. The live shrimp was awesome. LOVED everything! He let us try  some samples & they were amazing. The service was great. Never had to ask for refills on my green tea. For dessert we had the black sesame ice cream. It was good. It kinda tasted like cookies & cream. This is my new favorite sushi place. I'm definitely going to try to come here every week.
4 I had a craving for a bento box lunch with tempura, so made my way over to Yummy Grill since it's in my 'hood.  What a nice surprise!  The service was top-notch, first of all.  I was greeted as soon as I arrived (solo), and seated right away.  I ordered the green iced tea, which was REALLY green and I felt healthier with every sip.  I had the chicken teriyaki combo bento box, which included miso soup, green salad, 4 California roll pieces, shrimp and vegetable tempura, and white rice--I ate the whole thing!  Feeling indulgent, I finished the meal off with strawberry mochi, and even that was presented with a little flair: chocolate swirls, whipped cream, and a cherry-I was one happy customer today. All the while, my waitress checked on me periodically and kept my glass full.  I will definitely return to try the sushi, for the happy service, and that fabulous green iced tea!
4 4.5 stars!  Came for dinner the other night, and quickly wanted to comment on the baked dishes.  (Since I am pregnant and must abstain from raw dishes- it gave me a chance to try other items from the menu).   Although I was salivating watching my husband enjoy his spicy tuna hand roll, and a complimentary sushi that the chef prepared for him- my volcano roll and seaweed salad were DELICIOUS.   We also shared a Red Snapper Teriyaki combination box and we practically licked that plate clean.  Perhaps when I am no longer pregnant, I will order a baked dish again.  Who am I kidding? I am craving their uni and ame ebi like crazy!
1 1 star for not having the special that's advertised on Yelp.  It's Sunday, and there's no 50% off sushi special.
5 This place is very small, BUT, I never had a problem with wait.  The staff is friendly and gave excellent service! The food was phenomenal. I had their spicy tuna roll and that was great. I also had their salmon teriyaki bento box, and it was alot of food, for the price and it was just so good. Definitely my new favorite sushi place closer to home. Too bad they don't have AYCE ! Then I would definitely be here all the time!
5 Some if the best Sushi I have had anywhere. I live in the LA area and have eaten at a number of the "famous places". I am not as big on rolls, I just like my sushi traditional style. This place is EXCELLENT.  Fish is extremely fresh, great traditional presentation of the sushi with the perfect seasoning for each kind of fish, freshly made wasabi, etc. Service at the sushi bar was great. Staff is extremely friendly.  Every time I am in town, I go out of my way to visit this restaurant. The food is simply outstanding.
1 This is the second time I have dined at Yummy Sushi.  The first time we dined here it was by chance; we were hungry and we're just cruising Lake Mead Blvd looking for a place to eat.  Had I written the review the first time, I would have given 4.5 stars.  The fish was fresh and delicious. We tend to get nigiri and sashimi only. The server was friendly and the sushi chefs too.  We had the same server and she is very friendly and nice.  Now, here is where it all goes awry.  We order a couple of hand rolls, it was good.  I love yellow tail, so I requested an order of hamachi nigiri.  The sushi chef prepares it and hands it to me while my man is away in the bathroom.  I look at it and it does not look like yellowtail.  I take one small bite and I can barely bit into it.  On top of that he tried to add something to the fish to make it more edible.  I still don't know what it was.   My man comes back from the bathroom and I look at him and he says "what is that?"  I said, "supposedly yellowtail".  My man takes a bite, looks at the sushi chef and says "Yellowtail??"  He only said one word with a question in his voice and the sushi chef immediately says, "oh so sorry I give you better piece, I accidentally give you piece that was bleeding".  What???  I have been eating sashimi for 15 years now, my man a little longer.  We know good sashimi.  He tried to pull one over on us and I felt really insulted.  He shouldn't be serving that to anyone, even if they hadn't known the difference.  Shame on you owner and sushi chef! (slap on the hand)  I thought I had found a great place to have sushi in town, now I will have to resume my search.  I never mess around with raw fish, all it takes is one bad experience for me to scrap a place.  Your place is officially scrapped Sir!  I know I am a dissenting review and perhaps he was having a *moment* whatever. SCRAPPED!
3 Took advantage of their bento box style lunch special with dad. I would probably need to go in and have real sushi dinner to write a more serious review.   They served us a complimentary amuse bouche of Korean pancakes. That was nice!   I got the bulgogi lunch combo with California roll, miso soup, salad, rice, and 4 pieces veggie and shrimp tempura. It was a ton of food! We packed up half to take home.   The lunch specials are priced $11-13.50. A little high for a lunch special but not for the amount of food. I would have prefered an $8 lunch special that I could eat all in one sitting. $36 for two is a bit much for bento boxes.   Food was good though! No complaints.
5 One of my favorite a la carte sushi restaurants!!! The fish is so fresh and the sauces are amazing!!! Its a small place but doesn't feel crowded.  Haven't been there when it was busy so I have always experienced the best service!!!! Love this place!!!
3 This sushi place is really good. They have a bunch of sushi's I've never heard of. We ended up getting the japanese lasagna roll it was yummy it tasted pretty similar to lasagna, the one thing I didn't like about the roll was that it was pretty darn messy and we were having a hard time taking one piece out at a time. We also had the tomo devil roll, and this one was pretty yummy too, but what was a bit disappointing was that the roll wasn't as spicy as I anticipated. I'm a big fan of spicy sushi but this one wasn't spicy one bit considering the fact that it had sliced jalapenos, spicy sauce, and some spicy dipping sauce it came with. With all that it wasn't one bit spicy and I was disappointed for being false advertised. One other thing I didn't like about this place was the fact that it took a very long time to get our food, but I what I usually take into consideration is that if the foods good, it shouldn't matter how long it takes to come out. My son got the kids bento box with french fries, which was kinda weird, but hey, he loved it. Price-wise this place is decent but the portions for the price didn't fit well together.  I would come back here to try other sushi's because I saw a lot of sushi's I want to try, but the fact that I'm not from this area might keep me from coming back to this place. I sure want to give this place a benefit of the doubt and rate it higher, but it won't be fair until I try this place one more time.
5 Hot damn!  Sushi places have always been for me a measure of better or worse of fundamentally the same tastes.  But this place... this place offered flavors that I have never experienced before, and I don't know how to describe them, but they were incredible.  And the presentations were works of art.  My wife's vegetable roll had four distinct textures.  It was outstanding because of how it felt!    I had live shrimp for the fist time.  For those of you who don't know, it's live until they fry the head in tempura batter and serve you the tail raw.  Now, I don't know what was in that dipping sauce, but when I tasted it from the serving bowl, it knocked my socks off, like sipping vinegar only smooth and addicting with a flavor that soaks the inside of your head and makes you screw your eyes up as acidic things do.    This is a true five-star place, without reservation.
4 This sushi place is great! The rolls were fresh and very tasty!! We also received a complimentary appetizer and a sushi sample, which was a nice surprise! Customer service was great and the food was delicious.   They don't offer AYCE, but the 4 rolls me and my friend shared were more than enough. I'll make sure to come back here again!
2 I was deffinetely not impressed with this place....the atmosphere was usual for a small sushi bar and my girlfriend and I sat down at a table.  The server came by and gave us menus and seemed polite enough.  I would say the service was good but the server's lack of knowledge was very irritating.                                                                                                                                  First off when we asked the server about anything she had to run back and ask the sushi chef about a roll.  This happened 3 times !!!  I wasn't worried though because I heard they had good sushi...                                                                                                                                    So I ordered the kiss of fire (which is better at sushi loca) and dantes inferno.  The kiss of fire had a good texture and taste, it had the perfect amount of crunch and spice (this is where they get the 2 stars).  The dantes inferno was very blah though and the white fish tasted like it came out of the lake in desert shores.  My girlfriend ordered the chef's special roll, the server didnt know what it was (surprise surprise).  She didn't like it and ate hardly any, oh and it cost 14 dollars.                                                                                                                                     So by this time we were ready to get the hell outta there.  We didn't get a refill on our drinks the whole time and we wanted fountain drinks to go.  The server went to get our drinks but came back with only my girlfriend's iced tea.....sighhhh she claimed she only had one styrofoam cup.  Whatever this place sucks
4 Great food and if it's possible, better customer service.  I called ahead and ordered a vegetable roll, oshinko, and avocado.  The super friendly and nice woman on the phone said it would be 15min so I headed down then.  When I got there, my rolls weren't ready (they were busy) so i sat at the bar to wait.  She brought me water and a free appetizer as i played "Words With Friends"(Niklas87   Holla!)    while waiting.  The rolls were delicious and the Avocado was the best I ever had.  I can't wait to go back!
5 This place is seriously good.  Walking in, the staff is always quick to greet and seat you, and I think we've been fortunate enough to always come at a good time.  It never seems to be overcrowded.  I eat a lot of sushi, and it's easy to get familiar with the taste, or find something that really stands out.  The rolls here are flavorful, and fresh tasting, and it makes ordering additional rolls a little too easy.  The nice thing about these rolls is that they fill you up without making you feel stuffed or like you've gorged and are going to regret it later.  Some sushi doesn't always fly with me.  This has remained consistently pleasant.  Also of note is their sake.  The have a sampler that offers fiji apple, plum, and raspberry.  Honestly, I can't recommend one over another.  They're all good, and like the sushi, they don't overwhelm.  You will likely feel comfortable after a few, and really that's the way I prefer it.  We had a dinner party tonight, and bought a full bottle of the plum assortment.  Whee-ha.  No complaints.  As mentioned earlier, the staff is nice.  There are certain sushi places that always want you to try samples from the chef.  We've tried these salty little pancake type appetizers that were a nice filler, and tonight, they wanted us to try this smoked fish head platter.  I appreciate the thoughtfulness.  What I did try was actually quite good, as it came with this vinegaresque sauce, but push comes to shove, I don't think it's going to be a regular thing.  Still, it was a brave, new experience, and I like to be nudged out of the comfort zone once in a while.  I blame the sake.  A few times in, I'm consistently pleased.  It's consistently good, which means a lot, has a great overall flavor, and the staff are attentive and friendly.  I fluctuate from sushi place to sushi place.  Some stay, others I end up making a one time meal, but this place is quite alright, and I can easily recommend this little place to friends.
5 Stranded in north Las Vegas, I went to this place simply based on Yelp reviews.  I loved this sushi so much that I signed up for an account just to praise it.  I've eaten at dozens of Yelp restaurants in LA, Boston, and New York, but none of them made me want to add a comment.  I'm from Orange County CA and had plenty of sushi.  This is my favorite so far.  Every time I come to Vegas I will be sure to go out of my way to eat here.
5 always enjoy the sushi AND service at yummy sushi! sooooo good! i heart yummy sushi!!
5 Took the Yelper recommendation on this one. Absolutely some of the best sushi I've had in town yet, and I've had a lot of sushi!  The quaint little spot feels more intimate and had a good Friday night vibe.  The chefs made it a point to get to know you right away and for that, sake was shared all around!  The fresh fish of the day specials were amazing, as was the refreshing specialty roll menu.  Of course, they have the standard fare for those who have difficulty breaking out of their yum yum covered, imitation crab filled comfort zones. To top that off, they also carry Orion beer from Okinawa!  Nice change from the Sapporo and Asahi standard.  What really sets this place apart is the little touches, like ice-cold plates for the sushi, so everything remains cool and fresh.  And a happy staff that engage with the customers.  Definitely my new top spot for raw fish goodness!
5 Yummy is Awesome!
3 It's just OK!!!  Came here for dinner one night.  Around 6pm the place was packed.  I got the corner seat at the bar, maybe the worst location.  I wasn't sure which chef was serving me, when I ever did get served.  The manager did notice I had no food for awhile, nor was anyone paying attention to me.  My hot tea was filled several times, that's only because the waitress kept passing by.  She was serving the guy next to me way-to-much sake.  He got louder and more annoying. I guess nobody knows to call it quits, neither the chefs or his gf.  I wanted to try the live Uni on the board. But by then I got full.  I wasn't sure if it was from the food or drinking so much tea.  I'll give it another shot later, but for now, it's just OK!!!
5 Great sushi and great people. Fresh fish, and more options than your typical sushi joint. Wife and I sat at the bar and loved the entire evening. Would definitely recommend this place to sushi lovers.
5 This is my favorite sushi place in Vegas! Bold statement, I know, but definitely the best I've found. This is not the same place that's on Eastern Ave though so don't be confused even though the name and logo are the same.
4 Went last night with the family. OMG sooooooooooooonolishisesssness. Everything was great. we were early so no crowd. The food came out spot on. The server was excellent. Roll me out to the car at the end of it all. Good job chef's and server.  Ill be back.
5 Seriously so super fresh! Their sashimi is melt in your mouth goodness! But with all this AYCE available out there I just feel like this place is pretty expensive.
5 This is the best sushi place I have ever been to. Eric is a fabulous sushi artist and person. Miss my weekly visits. The Vanessa roll is bomb ;-)
5 So yummy! my definite go to spot when I'm in Vegas! very fresh cuts of fish and generous portions of fish to rice ratio. presentation was also very nice. i cant wait to go back, its the kind of place where you feel like your at a family members house and are very welcome to be there.
4 Ok I went in for lunch. Once again had a great experience. Kalbi al carte  Couple of rolls and my partner in crime had the Shrimp tempura . Great service as usual and food was spot on.
5 Hubby took me here for a quick birthday surprise dinner tonight.  He told me he wanted to find a non AYCE sushi place and decided to yelp for such places....great find and thanks, yelpers!  We shared the jalapeno pepper tempura, toro sashimi, TNT roll (spicy salmon and tuna), and Hawaiian roll (tuna).  All were fresh and flavourful.  Our server was delightful and chatty and we were very pleased with the quality of the food and the "comfy-ness" of the interior.  The restaurant is small and consists of a little bar area in the front and a dozen (?) or so small square tables in a row extending away from the bar.  Presentation of the sushi is very pretty (see photos) and reflects the care the chef takes with his craft.  When can I go again?  :)
5 We started off ordering Shrimp Tempura and a Spicy Tuna Poki Salad. They had the cutest names for the sushi rolls. I ordered the TASTES LIKES EX GIRLFRIEND and it was amazing. My boyfriend ordered the Teriyaki Chicken Bento Box he said they could have added more chicken but it was still good. In the middle of us having lunch Nicolas Cage walked in and sat a table behind us and my boyfriend of course had to take a picture with him. We will definitely go back since the service and food were great!
4 I don't live near this restaurant and I stopped in thinking that it was the same restaurant as the Yummy Sushi on Sunset in Henderson. Wrong! In a good way.  This place is not that big, but looks very nice inside. We chose to sit at the sushi bar and the chef was very nice and knowledgable about all of the items they had to offer. I was surprised to see the substantial list of live items available that day.  All of the sushi we had was very fresh and tasty. We were not there during any special or happy hour and the price was perfectly reasonable.  It's a shame this restaurant is almost 45 minutes from my house or I would come back here all the time.
4 Yummy yummy yummy! I ordered the Romeo and a taste like your ex girlfriend roll to go and while I was waiting, the nice waitress gave us complimentary pancakes. The The only thing that got deducted one star is the fried shrimp on the ex roll. It was cold. Highly recommend though! The customer service here is always welcoming and very friendly!!
4 Small place, with lots of regulars.. the fish is so fresh, these guys really know what they are doing!  Beautiful rolls,  fast, friendly, knowledgeable service. If you haven't tried yummy sushi yet, do your self a favor, try something new and walk through their door...
4 Came after beer sampling with my hubby on a Saturday night, and this place was open late! I think we got there at 11pm! It also happened to be happy hour,which scored massive points to me. It wasnt busy at all, maybe two other groups and we were all at the sushi bar. We ordered Two rolls, miso soup, and it came with a neat little appetizer that was like little veggie cakes. Drank iced green tea,unfiltered, and it was delicious! Would definitely return,especially late night/happy hour!
5 I can't believe it. I may no longer be heading to Sushi Mon for my sushi.... I am absolutely loving this place. From the staff to the food--everything was awesome. Situated off of Lakemead and Tenaya, is where you'll find this hidden gem. We came here around 9pm, sat at the bar, and was greeted by a nice server and a talented sushi chef(Wen I believe was his name) and ordered the following : --teriyaki chicken dinner plate(guy's order) huge portion;enough to split btwn two people;came with CA rolls,shrimp and veggie tempuras, and salad--the bf said chicken was "moist and not rubbery" --salmon and tuna nigiri-amazingly fresh and very very good. They also don't give you measly little pieces.. --toro(fatty tuna)- highlight of the night(food wise) this is by far the best piece of fish I have ever had in my life and take it from me, I LOVE fish. --spicy shrimp with yum yum- honestly, I've had A better version of this, but who cares?! Everything else made up for it! The good thing about it was that the specially made this for us since it wasn't on the menu, so they get an A for that. --Eel- I could eat it all day! Yum!! --ice cream tempura- its hard to mess this up and was expecting it to be like everywhere else's: WRONG! Huge ass portion and they added chocolate sauce! That's what's up..  Ya ya, bill was 63 bucks..but when dinner is that good, I'd gladly hand them my money. But I think the other highlight of the night was when we ended up chopping it up with the chef/owner Eric. The amount of passion this guy has with the food he serves, his restaurant, and especially his clients is amazing. And I think it all shows through his food, staff, and even the other patrons we met in the restaurant. It was a great experience coming here for sure and  would love to come right back!
4 I haven't had such fresh and tasty sushi for months! I was totally amazed with its freshness of fish and live shrimps. I ordered 3 of live shrimps sushi. Chef brought over life shrimps to table to show us they were still alive before preparing. After my first bite, the sweetness of live ama ebi was dancing on my tongue!! I was disappointed that they ran out of live sea urchins. However, the sea urchin sushi I had was very very fresh and you could totally taste the sweetness of fresh uni. And chef was pretty generous with uni. I also tried their halibut caparccio, salmon skin hand rolls and giant claim sashimi. All of them tasted pretty good. My only complaint would be pork cutlets. Pork meat tasted kinda dry. It came with pretty nice portion. I just wish meat could taste tender and juicy. Overall I had a great time here. Both my tummy and taste buds felt very satisfied. Although this place is far from where I live, I am sure I will be back soon. Next time, I gotta try LIVE SEA URCHIN and ABALONE.
5 Best!
5 Wow!!  This place is amazing!!  First off, the staff is very helpful and very attentive.  Food was incredible!!  Nothing but amazing things to say about this place.  For sure will be coming back.
4 I made it a point to drive out here for dinner after seeing the solid reviews on Yelp.  The prices are reasonable and the sashimi here is fresh. I ordered Edamame for starters, the 16 piece combo sashimi and a spicy tuna hand roll.   Overall I was happy with everything I ate although the place is small and can get loud when there is a large party which I happened to encounter.  Service was friendly and another con is it's a distance from the strip.
1 I checked into this place on my 4 year anniversary with the boyfriend. It was my first time checking out the place. The place was packed on a monday, but we got a table. Service was really slow. We didn't even get to order drinks for 10 minutes.  We ordered our food, but it took too long so we just paid for the drinks and left. Before us at the cashier was a man who paid his bill but left unhappy. We left the place unhappy and starving. We had to leave anyways because we had a Vegas show to attend to, and the slow service had us running late.  I think you have to be really patient to fully enjoy this place, but so far the wait time to be served didn't impress me.
5 This spot SO lives up to it's reputation!!  absolutely wonderful food and warm, helpful service.   'Lack of menu descriptions' unfortunately re-appears here---especially when it comes to Sushi rolls.  Luckily, I told the server what I had in mind, and she made it happen!  Thank you Yummy staff for an excellent lunch!
4 I always love it when I walk into a "hole-in-the-wall" only to find it COMPLETELY PACKED!! This place was recommended to me by a friend and man oh man, was she ever right!! Great sushi/ (inventive rolls) that's fast with both efficient and courteous service. A wonderfully unexpected surprise and although it's a bit out of the way for me, I know that I will definitely be back again.
5 i"m a sushi guy and this is my favorite place here in Las Vegas. Eric the master sushi chef will take care of all your need when ordering. Everything very good.
2 Ive been coming here for years... the most recent server turnover sux. Today, I had to move my own stuff when i asked for a different table.... didnt get any attention when i was thirsty and hungry.... but 2 hours later, when obviously she was rushing me to free up the table, i saw her twice every 5 minutes.   The food, however, is always the best. Something Wrong #69 is my fave!
5 My husband and I love coming to this place!  I love the HUGE menu, if you don't like sushi or can't eat it, there is still plenty for you!
4 My bad perception of Yummy grill& Sushi has changed. Some years ago when this place first opened up I was very disappointed. At that time before the big remodel, I went in and ordered the lunch special to go which consisted of the main entree, soup and an appetizer. On the menu it didn't say anything about it not being available for take out and the counter guy didn't tell me anything. When I got my order I noticed that my bag was very light. It turns out that they gave me the main entree and the appetizer but not the soup. I felt like I was ripped off and never visited them again.  But this year when I looked at the pictures of this restaurant on Yelp I was very surprised because it changed. So I went in yesterday after work and ordered a lunch special of Eel on rice, salad, and soup from their new menu along with a sushi roll. While I was waiting the nice waitress gave me a little yummy appetizer. When my order came I was so happy to see that I got everything including the Soup and Salad. It all tasted great and I will visit again now that everything has gotten better.
5 We have been going here for about 3 1/2 years....love the food!!!  Japanese Lasagna....wow to die for scallop dish (cant remember name) super yummy all rolls are super tasty tempura.....YUMMY...love the other redish sauce with it though!! This place is always yummy, yes it does seem like a lot of server turnover (our favorite waitress left about 2 years ago. Service since...eeeh...food is great!!
5 Best sushi restaurant in Vegas!! Friendly staff and creative and delicious rolls. Ask for June's bluefin tuna roll, it is the best thing I've ever tasted!! (that's what she said)
5 Any sushi bar is all about quality fish and they have it here! My husband and I are from Cali and we fish for our own kitchen so we know the difference between fresh and "sort of fresh but dressed up so you don't notice". Had a nice conversation with Eric, the sushi chef, about fish quality and where he orders his fish from,etc. All of the staff were friendly and service was great..also they carry Asahi Black as one of their beers.....super hard to find and worth trying if you never have...Also tried the Orion beer from Okinawa...very good and also recommended .
5 "Yummy Sushi will ruin you on every other sushi place; it's that good! Walk in the door and you'll think you're in Japan."
5 Yup, call Cheaters cause I cheated....I cheated on Goyemon...But like Smokey said, "Take a picture, write it down, I don't give a F@#K!!!" (from the movie FRIDAY, FYI)  The 2 Live Crew, I mean the THREE Live Crew made me do it!!!!!  1) LIVE Uni (Sea Urchin)  2) LIVE Mirugai (Giant Clam)  3) LIVE Amaebi (Sweet Shrimp)  MASSIVE MAHALOS to Kimberly T. for sharing the love!!!! We were planning on a dinner and a movie, but instead, we got an even better dinner and a show!!! Here's how it unfolded:  THE PREVIEW  We've been to the "Old" Yummy Grill and sushi where they offered Chinese, Local Style plate lunches, and lackluster sushi. Well, ever since The Chef/Owner Eric took over three years ago, he has been slowly phasing out that concept with an "Out with the old, in with the new" High End/Western-Style sushi Bar, catering to both the traditionalist, and one who is all about the rolls. A name change is also in the works... I called in ahead and got everything situated...  Me: "Hello, I'm calling in to see if you have fresh Amaebi tonight?" Jennifer: "Yes we do"......BIG SMILE! Me: "How about Live Uni?" Jennifer: "Yes we do".....EVEN BIGGER SMILE, MY CHEEKS ARE HURTING! Me: "We would like two for the bar...and what time do you close?" Jennifer: " 2am"  **Cheers from our end of the line, laughter from her end of the line**  INTRODUCTION  "Irrasshaimasse!" as we enter the door, Jennifer directs us to our reserved spot at the bar in front of Eric.He introduces himself, the other chefs Sam, and Jun-San, and Jennifer, who we spoke to earlier, he even introduces us to a regular at the bar! We introduce ourselves to them all, and while wifey looks through the menu, my eyes are glued to the Fresh Seafood board that changes on a daily basis based on what Eric can get in on that day. We order a live Uni, two Amaebi and a Crazy Jalapeno to start...  THE BUILD-UP  Some amuse-bouche action starts us off with some cucumber sunomono with krab and vegetable-tempura pancakes along with our Crazy Jalapeno. They were all okay, but I came here for the main attractions...Eric brings us our order of two ALIVE AND KICKING Amaebi, and everyone else at the bar is wondering what they are (everyone around us was grubbin' on rolls and yum-yum laced creations, no one even knew what the Uni was when Jun-San brought it out to show us before creating our uni masterpiece with sushi rice!(another option is to have it prepared with cold soba noodles) Eric and the rest of the staff are also so very passionate, personable, and very informative, and  another thing that Eric mentioned is where he gets most of his premium seafood from-Japan (Tsukiji and Kyushu), Spain, and Boston...Hmmmm, sound familiar??? You know for a fact that the specials board is the way to go if you take your sushi seriously. Service here is nothing short of top-notch, and it shows in everything Eric and his staff does.  THE ACTION  Our Amaebi course arrives in three parts-HUGE fried head, tail section with black tobiko, and tail end with yuzu tobiko with a citrus-soy dipping sauce. The tail is so sweet and meaty, and the head is so crunchy and delicious! It is so awesome to watch Eric and the other chefs do their thing with great attention to detail and the passion that is displayed with each piece of edible art they place in front of us. Jun-San hands us our live uni masterpiece, and we dig in to this ocean butta, savoring each and every tasty bite. Coincidentally, everyone at the bar were first timers at that moment, so it called for free sake on the house! The house was also VERY generous to us, with garlic edamame, salmon carpaccio, a bottle of housemade Soju Cocktail, and they weren't done yet! Eric showed us pictures of his fresh fish selections and brought out a huge head of a Kinmedai (Alfonsino) from Tsukiji Market in Japan which was later presented to us grilled! (Ji-Kinmedai Kama) Loved that meaty, fatty goodness! The eyeballs were bomb.com too!  THE CLIMAX  We ended our dinner with an order each of Kohada (Spotted Sardine, AKA Gizzard Shad) and Mirugai (Giant Clam, AKA Geoduck) Eric brought out the Geoduck before cutting it, and then the ding-a-ling jokes came out between Eric and another guy that had everyone rolling!(See Photos) They were both sooo ONOLICIOUS!!! Oh yeah, one order here is TWO pieces...The "other place" is just one...how's that???  THE END/SNEAK PEAK  Two and a half hours later, after a great dinner(& show) and talking story throughout the night with everyone just having such a good time, we payed our bill, thanked everyone at Yummy Grill, and seeing our appreciation for "The Good Stuff", Eric capped our night off with an order of melt-in-your-mouth Shima-Aji (Striped Jack) topped with sea kelp and fresh wasabi...What a first-time experience this was, and most definitely won't be our last....ALOHA!!!!  YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(289/365) "Me So Hungry, Me Love You LONG Time!"
5 In a city where mediocre all you can eat sushi places serve forgettable bites of fish, its refreshing to see a place that actually knows and cares about the type and quality of fish they serve.  The plethora of fresh fish that you normally would not see at a sushi bar off the strip was amazing.  The live amaebi, live scallops, and fresh octopus was a delightful experience.  For sushi connoisseurs that appreciate quality nigiri over rolls covered in sauce, i really recommend the kinmedai and the kohada here. It reminded me of my years in Tokyo eating at Tsukiji.  Unfortunately they did not have blue fin tuna in stock because the quality was not up to their standards.  Just to hear that they send back sub standard fish is refreshing to hear.  Too many times have i seen awful qualities of fish being served to other patrons at other sushi bars.  I will definately return to taste the blue fin.  If you want a quality sushi experience I highly recommend Yummy Grill Sushi.
3 The sushi here can be of better quality. They do great service to the individuals who love less fishy types of food though. There isn't much to say, because I really did not enjoy my visit here. The rice is overflowing and the fish is not as fresh as it should be.  I do think their lunch specials are great though! However, Osaka's lunch special is much better because they let you "customize" it at no additional cost (usually).
5 Without a doubt, this is my favorite sushi spot in Las Vegas.   Since Eric, the owner/main sushi chef, took over back in 2008 this place has been FANTASTIC.   As far as pinpointing my favorite item on the menu...that's difficult. I love the Passion Roll and the Tuna Karai, which is EXTRA spicy here. The Screaming Orgasm is also fantastic.  All of the hot food I've ever had here has been great as well, especially the Bulgogi Beef and the green onion pancakes. Absolutely delicious!  Aside from the fact that Eric is a fantastic cook, he is a very warm and friendly person. I can't count the number of times that I've been having a meal up at the sushi bar and we've ended up talking for a solid hour or more about our lives and whatever sport happens to be playing on the television. He's also occasionally makes me a random roll for free to try out and none of these random dishes have ever been disappointing!  While some will be turned off by the fact that this spot doesn't have an "All You Can Eat" option, I think it's worth the extra money considering how amazing the food tastes.
3 I had great hopes for Yummy based on the Yelp rating.  Unfortunately, I have to rate them as so-so...  I still believe Narita at Cheyenne & Tenaya is the best Sushi in the NW Las Vegas area.  Of course, my reference for all Sushi is Tsukiji market in Tokyo.
5 Sometimes, spur-of-the-moment decisions are the best ones. We were chilaxing at Tien's welcome back gathering and it came together like this:  Jieun: "We should  go for sushi some time?"  Me: "You know me, I never say no to sushi, especially this place!"  Jieun: "Maybe I can give Eric a call, and see if its okay with him?"  Me: Live Uni??? I'm Down!!!  Jieun steps out for a couple of minutes, then returns..."He's got Live Uni, Live Abalone, Giant Clam, and other stuff."  Me: "Alrighty then, lets do this!"  So we met up the next evening at the sushi bar, and we have one whole side reserved for us, and we are greeted by hostesses Jacqueline and Jennifer, and Chefs Eric, Jun-San, and Brian, who are going to orchestrate our Chef's special omakase.  I love how Eric takes time to explain what he has planned for us course by course and at the same time, showing us the items, and where they came from. It definitely got us even more anxious!  After some amuse bouche action of GARLIC EDAMAME and SUNOMONO, course after course kept coming.  YUZU GLAZED SCALLOPS (SHARED) Sweet bay scallops coated in panko and perfectly fried, topped with a citrusy yuzu glaze...perfect start   AGEDASHI TOFU The slightly crisp and soft tofu paired with the flavorful dashi and ikura...simply delicious  SASHIMI ASSORTMENT We all recieved a beautiful arrangement of kampachi, hirame, ji-kinmedai,sake, shima-aji, toro, and chu-toro-YUM!  ABALONE SASHIMI(SHARED) Topped with caviar and a squeeze of lemon, thats all you needed to enjoy the crunchy sweet abalone.  FLYING FISH TATAKI(SHARED) This was a first for everyone...first presented sashimi style, the flying fish was topped with fresh ginger and scallions and enjoyed with ponzu. The head and body were reserved and presented later.  LIVE UNI(SHARED) Definitely the party favorite, this was prepared with sushi rice and topped off with assorted caviar and a quail egg  ASSORTED NIGIRI (1pc.) Ika Shiso Snow Crab Surf Clam Topped with Uni...All AWESOME!  GRILLED/FRIED ASSORTMENT(SHARED) Kampachi Shima-Aji Flying Fish(Fried head and Body) We got down and dirty with this one, leaving no survivors!  SALMON CARPACCIO(1pc.) TAKUANTORO(2pc) AMAEBI(1pc.) All excellent!  Eric capped it off with a Western Style SURF AND TURF ROLL Shrimp Tempura Roll topped with Australian Wagyu Beef, and garnished with Crispy Onions, Micro Greens, Yum yum Sauce, and Nori Flakes. Great end to the meal which cost as much as a nigiri dinner at that very popular sushi joint next to Trattoria Nakamura-Ya...  . We all finished with Banana Tempura Ice Cream, and after our meal Eric  had a toast with everyone with a pretty pricey sake. What a great evening ....Good Food, Good Friends, Good Fun....ALOHA!!!  #366/365...ONE MORE FOR LEAP YEAR!!!!!!! CHEEEEEHOOOO!!!!
2 Freshest sashimi artfully presented is near 5*(but the smallest micro cuts) when served by the talented and caring Eric, BUT SADLY the wait for food service here is ridiculously long as the charming Eric tries to personally accommodate everyone, and I mean everyone (Mission Impossible). The waitresses are sweet though mediocre & persistently to pushy with refills (I still have a half of beer left and she wants me to order another??)... if your not careful you will have easily polished off 3 beers before you even get your first order. Typically we wait at least 30 minutes after sit down until first food order arrivals... tastes great, but not fun and no way worth the long waits for food (usually 2 and half hours for a few orders and a lot of beer and saki) and then there's the big, almost Tokyo priced, ticket at the end. We have visited this Yummy Grill only 10 times hoping service would improve, but unfortunately not to be. I trust your experience here will be perfect if it's ONLY Eric and you )with no other patrons to share him with), otherwise this long time native L.A. sushi addict highly recommends you journey to the fabulous Sen Sushi for the complete package of joy and sushi happiness.
4 I could never dine at a sushi place in Vegas without consulting Yelp first. And of course, it came in handy.  The restaurant is fairly small and more rundown, so I kind of saw it as one of those hole-in-the-walls that is a gem to discover.  The staff is super nice, no doubt. The menu is easy to understand, although there aren't any pictures. All of our food was delicious (we ordered 3 sushi rolls and a box combo). My first two rolls (Playboll and Vanessa) were very tasty. But I didn't care for my last roll (Sex On The Beach).  I also thought it was cute how they give you a complimentary appetizer for the beginning of your meal and small slices of oranges at the end. I'm not sure when their happy hour is but would love to return again in the future to grab some yummy sushi for cheap.
5 Best sushi I've had in Vegas that didn't require going to the strip. The waitstaff are friendly and the food is awesome. Try the spicy pork, fried soft shell crab, combination fried rice as far as non-sushi goes. Sushi is great, different specialty rolls than other places but very good.
5 Yummy is a perfect name! Highly recommend the Blue fin tuna sashimi and their rolls are large, fish lover fantasies. Great, personable employees. Definately will return.
5 Love this place. Great food. Awesome service. Such a friendly staff. And the chefs know my order and remember my allergies.
5 Every time I go here it's amazing.  We met Eric his first week when he opened and we haven't looked for another sushi restaurant. Amazingly fresh fish and the staff and chefs go above and beyond each time.
5 Great local sushi spot. Even on a wednesday it has a vibrant atmosphere.
5 This hidden gem is absolutely amazing!! It's a very small space, but it wasn't very packed when I went. I am pregnant and can't eat sushi, but I had such a huge craving for some yesterday so I stopped in and they made me a tempura California roll with cream cheese and it was SO good it melted in my mouth! The yummy sauce is very yummy! Their Miso soup is SO tasty ... In fact, I just talked myself in to stopping in there again tonight!
5 Everything is good here. Everything! Try the cherry blossom.
4 My initial response was umm....no we are not eating there.  But of course I was pleasantly surprised by this place...don't get it confused with the Yummy Sushi in Henderson (horrendous)...because the sushi is worlds apart.  The sashimi was very fresh, the only item that tasted fishy was the clam, but I think that's probably an acquired taste.  The rolls were made well and presented nicely.  They also have a happy hour time too, for those looking for a late night eat.  Also no AYCE for those looking to consume a massive quantity of sushi.
5 Eric is amazing... I was a weekly regular before I moved out of town. Every time I go to Vegas I make sure I stop by to say hello. It is always a great experience! Also, the number one sushi restaurant I've ever been to. Here in Los Angeles , you cannot find this service, excellent food and price in the same restaurant!
5 Thanks for Tien for setting up this awesome UYE! Minus the fact late for his own UYE. Lol! Also BIG time shout out too Kevin for following his lead with sushi tasting menu or who knows like having whatever he stay having!  Reason why Kevin duke and just another yelper that secret spot is out. Mahalo for letting rest of us yelpers in.  It been long time since went for sushi a la carte. AYCE is just the way too go get little bit of everything and keep going until one tummy is happy in life. Yummy talk about Sushi change up in life!!! Sometimes in life or food not about quantity but quality. OMG! Everything the quality was unreal. The sushi chef Eric showing us some of the fish just got in since was tuesday. He had this amazing looking needlefish or sayari. I never had before but said that few times. They have boards with different fish gets in every week everyone talks about the uni. Unfortunately they did not have it. =( The sayari sashimi style knowing literally cut fresh off the bone. It served with quail egg mixed together was perfect balance. It same came too sweet shrimp. Deep fry the head good stuff dipped in the sauce. Sayari bones too! Every sushi was amazing flavors, depth, and stuff like scallops never had in sushi restaurant. Scallops that blew my mind! Fresh Oysters combine with the sauce like slurp of sea heaven. Every sushi was more and more amazing. We ended it with american kobe beef roll that by far best speciality rolls EVER! Me more about the nigiri style sushi. It true sushi for me all about the quality of the fish and rice. Sushi in its truest form. Desserts we had the deep fried plum and black sesame seed ice cream. The plum had much more flavor then I could ever imagine. The crispy goodness outside mixed with the plum ice cream very nice. The black sesame seed honestly not fan of. I think that sesame seed in ice cream not meant too be just weird flavor.   The whole time thinking of Jiro "dreams of sushi".  I did have one roll. The whole presentation of just one nigiri, few course of sashimi style fish, and the presentations was truly artwork. Too the little details on the oysters it christmas assortment of toppings, sweet shrimp looked like gold flakes on top, sayari tight presentation with the head standing straight up and the quail egg placed perfect on top of the sashimi fish, and go on and on. Tell the passion sushi chef Eric has in every piece of fish. It really refreshing style too see non AYCE cares about the finer details. Once again thanks too Kevin the sushi chef Eric hooked us up with bottle of sake. Yay.  The service is awesome! Never empty glass and just on it. Without doubt I will be coming back here again!
5 We returned yet again for dinner and a show with Chef Eric and the Yummy Grill Ohana, and as always, another memorable night was enjoyed by all.. Warmly greeted by hostesses Jennifer, Jackie, and Jessica, we are seated up at the bar and greeted by all the chefs who are dressed in red, adding a nice touch for the holidays. We are like kids in a candy store at this point and ready to get our omakase on...  We start out with some Sunomono and Garlic-Chili Edamame, and we also receieve some tasty house soju and also, a bottle of Gekkeikan Horin Ultra Premium Junmai Daiginjo Sake. I'm no sake expert, and I usually don't have sake, but this was some smooth stuff! Our dinner consisted of the following courses:  OKAYU WITH ABALONE, TUNA, AND NATTO Wifey never had natto just for the smell alone(fermented soybeans) and I was slightly nervous at first sight, but after her first spoonful, she couldn't stop raving about it! The warmth of the okayu, the smokiness of the abalone, and the nuttiness of the natto with nice chunks of tuna kissed with shoyu and sesame oil all worked well and was an excellent preview of what was in store  TORO WITH CUCUMBER AND PONZU Nice meaty texture from the Spanish Toro and crisp cucumber and ponzu complimented it very nicely.  LIVE BOSTON SCALLOP SASHIMI Sweet and succulent, the sashimi was topped with a yuzu-ponzu sauce, dried miso, Italian caviar, and Japanese gold leaf. We also had for the first time the scallop fin, which Chef Eric expertly prepared by cleaning and gently cooking which had a nice tender texture similar to abalone.  ALASKAN KING CRAB WRAPPED IN CUCUMBER Topped with red and black tobiko this was also very sweet and refreshing.  LIVE SANTA BARBARA UNI WITH CHIARASHI RICE Always a must when available, this time we weren't sharing, so we each got our own! Its THAT good....  O-TORO TARTARE Chef Eric took a nice fatty slab of O-Toro, made an exquisite tartare and topped it off with a generous portion of Italian caviar and Japanese gold leaf. My opu was crying tears of joy with every spoonful!  DUO OF HAMA HAMA AND MIYAGI OYSTERS Both oysters were delicious with the ponzu and wasabi tobiko. The Hama Hama Oysters had a nice kick with the addition of kimchi.  The passion and precision Chef Eric displays throughout this experience is totally unmatched IMHO...He goes into every detail as far as the source, the preparation of each component, and you are also educated along the way, and I have never seen a more personable Sushi Chef that engages with his guests which is a great reason he has a great following of devoted customers.   The Duke of YSG, Kevin P. joined us for a bit, and I offered him some sake but unfortunately he was on the job, so that left me and Chef Eric to finish the bottle because Wifey was slightly buzzin' too. Don't know how many times we kanpai'd throughout the evening but we killed that bottle. People on the other end of the bar were having a sake bomb marathon, and we've never had a sake bomb, nor had we witnessed such a ritual, so the whole bar ends up having sake bombs! Chef Eric nicely orchestrated a total of 9 in a row and it was a cool spectacle to see! Our nigiri fest consisted of the following:  HALIBUT NIGIRI From Jeju Island, South Korea. Very generous cut of halibut dabbed with a bit of Yuzu Koshi...Nice clean flavor.  AJI NIGIRI Premium snapper from Tsukiji, Japan brushed with premium shoyu...absolutely delicious.  SHIMA-AJI NIGIRI Also from Tsukiji, brushed with premium shoyu topped with fresh wasabi...very delicate and tasty.  KAZUNOKO Herring Roe in pressed form with what tasted like Saba(Mackerel). Rich, oily, and the crunch of the herring roe gave this a nice textural contrast  JI-KINMEDAI NIGIRI This had a soft texture very similar to Kampachi and we enjoyed this one as well  HAMACHI NIGIRI Who doesn't love Hamachi? Simple, straightforward, and awesome.  TRIO OF TORO NIGIRI What an awesome way to end our sushitarian feast with the prized Bluefin Tuna from Spain! a progression for toro starting with the Akami or loin, followed by Chu-Toro, the center of the belly, and finally O-Toro, the fattylicious underbelly finessed by fresh wasabi, Italian caviar, and Japanese gold leaf...Absolutely mindblowing!  We ended on a sweet note with a PLUM ICE CREAM TEMPURA, and once again thanked the Yummy Grill ohana for yet again another stellar evening....ALOHA!!!
3 My family had really been craving sushi and we didn't feel like stuffing ourselves at an all you can eat place so we meet up with my sister's boyfriend at his favorite sushi place. We were running late so he ordered a bunch of happy hour sushi for us.   Happy hour sushi- yellow tail roll, spicy tuna, baked california were all good. Nothing extraordinary. The japanese lasagna was pretty good though.  911 roll- the jalepenos were super spicy but my dad enjoyed this.  volcano roll- our favorite. It was a whole bunch of stuff including mushrooms and scallops baked on top of a california rolls but it worked really well together.  tiger roll- sister's boyfriend's favorite. I don't really like shrimp tempura so I can't say much.  paradise roll- this was a last minute order since my sister's boyfriend and I were still hungry after our original order. I was really happy with this one. We were all a little hesitant about coconut on sushi but it ended up being delicious and i was picking up all the spare pieces of coconut off the plate when it was over.  Sashimi on rice- this was my mom's order. It took a good half an hour for it to come. She was a little disappointed in the portion size. There were only one of each kind of sashimi. There was furikake on the rice which was a nice since the fish to rice proportions were pretty bad. The sushi rice wasn't seasoned enough but the carrots had been pickled and were good. The tamago wasn't sweet enough.   The sashimi quality was great but the portions in general were pretty small. I'm usually stuffed after a $10 specialty roll but we each had a specialty roll plus a couple of happy hour rolls. I believe they get their fish flown in from California, which kinda explains it.  Our fault for eating sushi in the middle of a desert.
5 We took the advice of some friend and Nelson Q to try this place.  They have an incredible roll menu with funny names.  You have to wonder how some of these were named.   The rolls really make this place good for those queezy about raw fish.  Non-Asians will find this place a good place to eat with the diverse menu.  What I like about this place is they don't over-greet with a loud cheer in Japanese like most other sushi joints.  They do acknowledge your arrival and departure more discretely.
4 This place was good and found this on the internet.  Anyways I wished I had the sushi, but I was sick so I went with the noodles which was good. It was nice and hot and filled my belly. I loved the salad as well.  I wished I had the other dishes, but it is okay though.  I would come back here again.
5 My two sisters and I arrived here on Sunday night at around 9 pm. The place is pretty small and is a little dark, but in a cozy way. I don't eat sushi so I ordered the fried noodles with chicken. I'm not even lying when I say that it was the BEST noodles I've ever had. It was a blend of juicy flavors! They gave me a big portion and surprisingly, I ate the whole thing. My sisters both ordered sushi and they said it was delicious and tasted fresh as well.   There is no all you can eat sushi or half orders here, but even so, coming here was worth it. The service was literally the best I've had in a LONG TIME. Our server always smiled and made sure everything was going well for us. They even gave us a small starter and oranges at the end! I was extremely happy when I left and will most definitely be back in the future!
5 Excellent service, great sushi rolls. I'll be back for sure.
5 Fast & Friendly.  Fresh sushi and it is excellent.  They always give me more food!
2 When I did a Take-Out Order here, I went inside, and the chick was so RUDE, she played it off.  Supposedly she KNEW my order, that she had to ask me what I ordered. Dummy. Thanks, a lot B***! LOL...I am never coming back here again. So unprofessional. BTW, the sushi is just alright. I've had better. Just for the customer service, they screwed up. I don't plan on coming back, or dining in. Not classy, at all.
5 The sushi here is SO good. My favorites include the Japanese lasagna and the vegetable fried rice.  The miso soup is also yummy.  Happy hour here is pretty good too, and if you do check in through yelp, you get a free bottle of sake (i have not cashed that in yet).  They used to have real scallops for their happy hour fried scallop dish, but last night when i was there, it was imitation scallops.....almost tasted like imitation crab meat, only rolled into a scallop shape.  Perhaps an oversight, perhaps a permanent change? Who knows....  The service is friendly, and really accommodating, and i will be back numerous times in the future
4 I'll give Yummy Sushi (Lake Mead location) 4 stars for now. Giving a strong rating mainly because I am a fan of their Henderson location.  This is my first visit to this location and still have yet a lot to try here.    Was in the area and Stephanie S. invited me over for some sushi. Because I just had In-N-Out two hours earlier, I didn't eat much just their yellow tail nigiri, tuna nigiri, and a shrimp tempura hand roll.  All weren't that bad, but was a little skeptical with the yellowtail since I'm use to them having a lighter color to them.  I also thought that both nigiri's were small compared to the Henderson location.    This location is smaller and busier than the Henderson location. This location is also closer to me so I see myself coming back.  I still have my favorites from the other location like their shashimi, halibut, and even their Loco Moco. I'm looking forward to try them at this location.
5 Capping off Wifey's birthday weekend, we visited the Yummy Grill ohana and decided to have Chef Eric surprise us with his creations once again. No Live Uni on the board this time :(:(:(, but still a wide selection of live and fresh selections. Our symphony of sushi consisted of the following:  FRESH MOZUKU SEAWEED-Very refreshing with a blend of ponzu and tsunumono liquid and fresh ginger, great start.  JI-KINMEDAI KAMA-The birthday girl's request, the nicely grilled head had tons of flavor and different textures going on- the plump collar and cheek meat, crispy skin and fins, and the juicy eyeball...man, that was good!  LIVE OYSTERS-Nice, briny, and perfection in one slurp, topped with ponzu, and tobiko  CLAM MISO SOUP-It was chilly outside so this hit the spot, and the addition of the live clams made it even sweeter  LIVE ABALONE-Thinly sliced and topped with two kinds of caviar and a squeeze of lemon is all it took to enjoy the sweet crunchy abalone  LIVE BOSTON SCALLOP-paired with dried miso and ume, sweet, clean, and fresh  JI-KINMEDAI-Our nigiri set started with the lighter, delicate fish. Feasting on the head earlier, this was a great start to the nigiri action  SHIMA-AJI-Brushed with aged shoyu and topped with battera kombu...delicious  KANPACHI BELLY-Topped with jalapeno and a dot of sriracha...:9  HAMACHI BELLY-Brushed with aged shoyu and kissed with wasabi...YUM!  HALIBUT SALAD-Halibut "flowers" on a bed of mixed greens with ponzu...great ending before going into the richer fish  SALMON CARPACCIO-Slightly torched on one side topped with crispy fried parsley and ponzu, always a good one  SPANISH MACKEREL-Rich and oily, the fresh ginger and scallions were a nice accent  SASHIMI PLATTER-We enjoyed a trio of Ahi, Toro, and Chu-Toro simply with some shoyu and fresh wasabi....lovely!  LIVE SANTA BARBARA UNI-It wasn't on the board, but I was more than happy to devour one! Prepared with assorted caviar, chirashi rice and a quail egg, always a favorite!  DUO OF SOFT SHELL CRAB ROLLS-One topped with tuna, avocado, and caviar, and the other topped with tuna and sweet crispy onions....totally grub  ANAGO-Oh so soft and sweet, I'd take this over Unagi any day. Smokiness of the bonito brought out the flavor of the sea eel even more  PLUM ICE CREAM- The Yummy Grill ohana came around to sing happy birthday to Wifey, and it capped off another great evening. Not having it tempura style this time, we were able to enjoy the flavor more.  Always a great time with Eric and the gang, and can't wait until our next visit...ALOHA!!!  YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(28/100) "The Sushi Maestro"
5 Been on a hunt for a good sushi place to compare to the one back home! A co worker told me about yummy sushi.. Tried it and got hooked! It's a small Place, but the prices and the people and food is awesome! I can say I found my new fave spot for sushi in Vegas ;)
5 Service was amazing and the sushi was fantastic! The tuna was to die for.. The place was a little small but had a great feel to it. waitress was promt on the service and refilled our drinks whenever they came near the bottom of the glass.. great place...
4 Good, fresh food. Great service. Tiger roll was delish and the rice was great too.
5 I don't usually write reviews, but this place was superb. I checked in and received a large sake, service was fantastic and food was great. I'm glad that we ventured off the strip for this. Will keep this place in mind for my future Vegas trips, which will be many.
5 La fraîcheur et exceptionnelle,  vous ne payez pas pour le décor mais vraiment pour la   des poissons. Mémorable
5 Alright, so I FINALLY made it in here...and yes, it isn't that far from home.  I typically gorge out on AYCE when the sushi craving hits, so when I read some of the reviews and saw it wasn't ayce, I kind of didn't take it as a must-do...and put it on my bookmark backburner.  Now that I have tried it, I now know I was mistaken!  I know I am a little late to the goodness that is known as Yummy Grill & Sushi, but better late than never!  First up...the quality of food!  They have many LIVE options, which is obviously as fresh as can be.  Reading the other reviews, you will see many examples, such as live uni, live sweet shrimps, live fish options, and live mussels (which we ordered).  Of course, the mussel was super tender, with a great taste...probably the best I've had.  I know for sure the presentation was...shown to us still in shell, and served on a bed of ice inside its own half shell.  Check out my pic!   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yummy-grill-and-sushi-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#SfbQPXXQPZlxdQU_nCFytA  But besides the live stuff, because I know not everyone will order live, the rest of the quality was still amazing!  Some of the best fish I have tasted sushi wise...with many literally melt in your mouth tender, buttery, and orgasmic.  Check out our sashimi platter, which had 21 pieces of delicious for $30 :  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yummy-grill-and-sushi-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#aULMp0qkowNrgpvHGooBUw  It seriously was that good.  The cuts were nice and thick, very fresh and still cold when it hits your table.  I will go a step ahead and say it's probably the BEST sushi I've had!  I also ordered some nigiri too, and the fish/rice ratio was very good...see for yourself :  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yummy-grill-and-sushi-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#u0FmODEewlgKJX0Ooo9ViA  They also do eel very well here.  The sauce and fixings are very welcoming.  We went with some nigiri and a bowl of unagi on rice, because it is my little boy's favorite!  The bowl came with about 8 pieces of unagi, and was a great value at about $12-13 :  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yummy-grill-and-sushi-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#USN90UfR2H66vNaobRy1Tg  So you know how awesome the food was...that only leaves price and service!  Price, I can happily say, was not extraordinary.  I spent a little more than I would have AYCE status, but I definitely left happy.  All that food above and a few more nigiri ran me about $80.  That extra $20 was well worth the cost considering the freshness and taste, and the experience eating live seafood!  Eating smarter next time around, I think I would be closer to the AYCE costs.  BUT BUT BUT...I almost took off a star for service.  Service was friendly, but SLOW.  It took me almost 2hrs to eat the food above, and I have no idea why.  The food just took a long time being prepared, but it wasn't sitting on the shelf or anything, because everything was nice and cold.  The chefs must have been behind, but seriously it started getting annoying.  The server also realized it was going slow, so kept apologizing for the wait, and brought out some comp edamame, but don't come here if you are in a hurry.  The food was that good, as to not drop the review or experience though.  I will be back again!
5 This was the first time my husband and I have been to  Yummy Grill and Sushi.    We hadn't had Japanese food in ages.    The place we planned to eat was closed for renovations but they recommended Yummy Grill and Sushi  when we asked if they knew of any other place where we could eat.    We were very impressed that our waitress knew the menu so well.  She was able to tell us where the fish came from and how the dishes were prepared.    My husband chose the tempura dinner and was very happy with his choice. It was crispy, hot, and the batter wasn't too heavy or greasy.    I had one of the combo box dinners that had salmon teriyaki, also some tempura, and sushi, rice, and salad.  All that plus the miso soup.  I was so stuffed that I had to take home leftovers.   There are still dishes we haven't tried so we will be back.
5 What ever is on the special board is what you want in your mouth!!!
5 Best sushi I've had in Vegas so far. They have a board telling you all their fresh fish for that day and everyone there is really friendly! Yummy!
5 I love this place!!!!!!
3 I have to be honest, I was a little disappointed in my experience here. It was ok, but not great. The lunch special was $13 and included three choices off a select menu. We received a complimentary pancake, and the lunch menu includes miso soup, which was tasty but not amazing.  The lunch menu included things like edamame and egg roll, which are so small they seem to be complete wastes of a selection. The rolls on that menu are half rolls, of course, and the bowls are 3/4 rice. The tuna roll didn't seem very flavorful to me, though I was glad to see the rolls weren't mostly rice like I've seen at a lot of places in Vegas.  The atmosphere is nice enough, it is extremely small, just the small bar area and then about 5 tables. The service is efficient and polite. I mentioned as soon as we placed our drink order that I had the yelp check-in offer for free house saki, but forgot to double check the bill and we were charged for it.  I noticed most of the amazing reviews are for the live options, so I'd like to go back and try some of them, because altogether my experience there was pleasant but didn't blow my mind.
1 We ate here a month ago on a Saturday night with my daughter and had an great time at the sushi bar eating and talking to the chefs. Tonight (after the hostess took phone calls while people were waiting) she told us children can't sit at the sushi bar on the weekends, so we left. Honestly, it seemed like a lie so she could send us to a table. It's upsetting because the food is good. But after being treated the way we were I'll never go back - with or without my daughter.
4 First of all, I must say upfront that even though I am Asian, I do not care for rice and don't eat sushi. I do however LOVE Sashimi and other Japanese dishes.   On of my co-workers told us about this little hidden gem and we opted to go for the late night Happy Hour (after 10pm)  one evening after work. We were able to call ahead and reserve seats at the Sushi bar and were promptly seated as soon as we arrived.  First up: Endamame .. the server offered the standard version with salt, or the "garlic" version. We got the garlic and it was delicious. Just the right amount of saltiness, garlic with a touch of spiciness from the sweet chili sauce. So good and we'll definitely be ordering this again! Another hit, surprisingly, was the Popcorn Scallops. Though the morsels of scallops are rather small, the sauce (kind of an orangy and spicy blend) is delish. We ordered a second round of this one. .  The sushi chef recommended several items from their menu board of specials. The Japanese Yellowtail was super fresh and tasty. I would have preferred thinner slices and will remember to request that they do that the next time.   My co-workers' favorite in terms of Sushi and rolls was the Kiss of Fire Roll,  with spicy soft shell crab, cucumber, shrimp tempura on the inside and spicy soft shell crab, yellowtail, spicy ponzu, spicy and eel sauce on the outside.   We also tried the Sake Sampler and though I am not huge on Sake .. the Apple flavored one was quite yummy and something I could drink .. it reminded me of a Jolly Rancher but in liquid form ;)   The guests seated next to us at the bar were ordering their rolls and sushi with brown rice, a nice option that this venue offers. The happy hour pricing is reasonable, and the food is tasty. Be sure to call ahead if you want to sit at the sushi bar or if you have a larger party as they attract a nice-sized crowd for the late hour.
3 I've been thinking of starting a Lunch Special list, and no better way than to start it with a sushi lunch special review :)  Here goes, for $13.99 you get 4 items. 3 of 4 you get to choose & 1 being Miso soup.   You get to choose from and extensive well proportioned List of:  Udon Soup Ramen Egg noodle w/Vegetables, fish cakes Gyoza Soup Fried fish bowl Tempura Bowl Spicy Chicken Bowl Spicy Pork Bowl Beef Teriyaki Bowl Chicken Teriyaki Bowl* Spicy tuna Bowl* Spicy Salmon Bowl* Spicy Crab Bowl Unagi Bowl Curry Rice Bowl Mystery Bowl Tuna Sashimi*  Snapper Sashimi* Albacore Sashimi* Salmon Sashimi* California Roll Spicy Tuna Roll* Spicy Crab Roll Spicy Salmon Roll* Egg rolls Fried Scallops  Kroket Edamame* Spicy Tuna Salad Spicy Salmon Salad Cucumber Salad Salmon skin Salad Seaweed Salad*  I've Starred the items I've tried.... The rolls are very mediocre and don't even try the spicy tuna/salmon bowls. Its basically a roll with more rice. The sashimi is very fresh but It's such a small dish to waste a whole order on since you only get to choose 3 items. The chicken Teriyaki bowl was very tasty, but its hard to go wrong with chicken teriyaki.  Don't get me wrong its a GREAT DEAL, but you get what you pay for.  I still have hope for this place, so I'll continue to dine here for lunch when I crave sushi. Next time maybe I'll grab a noodle dish :)
5 I have never wanted to try sushi. Always thought I wouldn't like it and didn't want it anywhere near me...that having been said, the "ryans special", "nemo", "spiderman" rolls are all to DIE for. If you're a sushi enthusiast or a first timer, the sushi will amaze you. I only mention these three rolls because each time I go, I say "i'll try something new today" but these always end up on my table. they have such a wide variety of rolls, i'm certain that you'll find rolls to your liking. i can't say enough about this place. wife and i will usually order 3-4 rolls and spend $50-$60 including drinks (not alcohol) and tip.
5 If you are looking for high quality sushi, Yummy will be the place for you. If you do come to this place, omakase (chef's choice of fish) will be the only way to go. I heard many people don't care for this place because they come here for their lunch which does not show how fresh and tasty their sushi truly is. Chef Eric is so nice and funny. I really enjoyed the dinner there. Only thing though, omakase here is bit pricy. We spent more than $100 each person here. I can find the same quality of food but half price in Cali. However, since I don't live in Cali so I"m willing to pay the price to go to Yummy!
5 One of our best sushi experiences ever! We were visiting Vegas and craving sushi. I turned to Yelp for some realistic reviews and found Yummy Sushi had a lot of reviews AND 4+ stars so we figured we'd give it a try! We were not disappointed. Although it was our first time, we were treated like regulars! Prompt and courteous service and the food was awesome! I've never been to a place that offered live scallops, we picked our shell and 5 minutes later there was a beautifully presented scallop!  Highly recommend this place for the food and service! We'll be back again!
5 Awesome!! I love this place
1 not as good as it once was...we are/were frequent fliers....todays service was bad...really bad. Food was fair...had a long hair in calamari, they took the hair and the calamari, but, did not offer refund or really anything except "we have a problem with the staff"..????????a VERY LONG WHITE HAIR in the calamari......after that I was so done...we dropped a 100.00 for fair....and I am saying that because the food was fair...the service was BAD!!!!!!!!! we eat here all the time...not sure what the deal is....i think that will be our last time.......sad to say.....the best days of this place ARE LONG GONE!!!
5 I will be brief, but let me start by relating this: This may have been best sushi experience I have ever had.  I met up with my friend Javi for his late & late night birthday celebration and, since he had just won playing poker, he told me dinner was on him since my birthday was before his. SCH-WEET.  The night's highlights: - We saw Misti & Bobby! (Thanks for the first sake shots!) - Live Scallop (Again, thanks Bobby) - Live Uni (I really didn't want to try this, but Javi applied adventurous peer pressure) - Spicy Albacore w/ fried onions (I mentioned it, Eric just whipped it up and gave us a 4 piece sample, gratis) - Garlic Edamame  - Spicy Tuna roll(s) - Eric bought us a bottle of sake (Javi & I sorta celebrating birthdays) - Yelp check in for a free bottle of sake - Patrons at the bar tend to share food - Eric FTW!  The reviews of Yummy Grill speak for themselves.  I can't imagine that I am adding much to the body of knowledge that is their review history.    My bottom line:  Yummy Grill is now my "Go To" for sushi & late night dining on my own side of town.  Every time I have come here, it is more than just dining, it is an experience.  Their "Reverse Happy Hour" starts at 10pm & goes until close.  BTW, the staff have amazing memories.  Amazing.   I highly recommend.
5 This is the best sushi in Las Vegas.  (Unless you are a Makino-style sushi eater.)  Yummy Grill & Sushi has the freshest, highest quality seafood in Vegas.  A true mom-pop hole-in-the-wall with friendly staff, great service and relaxing atmosphere, this is THE place for a great sushi experience. I've been there with my boyfriend and with a large group and both experiences have been wonderful.  I didn't know I loved live scallop, but it was fantastic. Sam is my favorite sushi chef.
4 Fresh fish, friendly staff, good service.  Those oysters are gooood!  This is a hidden gem in the neighborhood.
5 Best sushi in town. Sad it's such a small location because I'm impatient when it comes to waiting! The Green Valley is my personal favorite!
4 I thought the fish was very fresh and the chef did a very good job with the presentation. They have a lunch special for a cost effective option.   Overall a great experience and I would recommend this restaurant.
4 Excellent fresh fish and great service.  However, plan on making a reservation waiting a bit to get in.  You will not be let down.
5 I love sushi. I love spicy tuna and fresh ahi.  We're out late and decided to try this place, it stays open late.    When we arrive, we're greeted right away by the staff and are shown our seats, we are delighted to find a combination of bento boxes and we choose two right away.  We also make sushi selections, trio of tuna, anago (another big favorite) and spicy tuna.  The bento boxes come with your choice of meat, salad, miso soup, california roll, and some tempura vegetables.  Very good, reminded me of my mother in law's miso soup, very buttery and warming.  The sushi assortment was spectacular, we ordered too much, but we ate every bite and love it!  Good service, fresh sushi and fun place to enjoy a good meal!
5 By far the best sushi place I've been to out here in Vegas. Everything is so good! Service is always so amazing. Definitely recommend anyone to come eat here.
5 The sushi was exceptionally good.  The waitress told us where and when the fish came from.  They had two forms of eel and both were great.  Will go back again
4 CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN: It is way more expensive than AYCE prices, but stick to the Sushi during happy hour and you are getting a good bang for your buck.  THE MEAT: I should've pulled a Sienfeld and quit while I was ahead.  That has always been my problem... I don't know when to stop with a good thing it always gets me in trouble.  Everything was so fresh and so tasty we couldn't stop ordering.  The Dynamite and Pork Belly were exceptional (the tempura was average, while the mussels were a little tough).  The Nigiri was TO DIE FOR.  Ridiculously thick and long portions of fresh and oily-buttery pieces that eclipsed the rice and all sushi joints I have tasted so far.  I actually wished the pieces were smaller to fit my mouth!  My favorites were the Kanpachi and Bluefin Tuna.  I should've ordered Toro (which I expected to get in the chef's choice of sashimi, but unfortunately did not get. Sniff.).  The fried chicken appetizer was very light and tasty (my son loved it), and the fuji apple sake we ordered would make any non-serious sake drinker like me happy.  We were already full but decided to go for the 15pc chef's choice sashimi platter.  First they served us a platter with sushi, and it looked uhmazing, so I said well we could just ignore the rice, but they insisted to get the order right.  So they gave us a sashimi platter with different kinds of salmon, kanpachi, ruby snapper, super white tuna and scallop.  Sigh.  Chef Eric, what happened here?  The sashimi slices were very thin, not cool to the tongue and, well... not as awesome as the sushi served us.  What a let-down. This definitely should've been a 5 star rating if not for the depressing sashimi platter.  Will we go back? Only for the sushi and only during happy hour.  Or if I felt indulgent.  I'M STILL DIGESTING... My nearly 200 dollar bill for me, hubby and my 2yo who hardly ate.  WANT TO SEE SOME FOOD PORN? :-) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yummy-grill-and-sushi-las-vegas?select=OsM2Z7Pf7gUd1jusZVjHFw#OsM2Z7Pf7gUd1jusZVjHFw
5 Best Fresh Fish In All Of Vegas! Stop looking for good Sushi go get it here!
4 Love the friendly welcome from the sushi chefs as you walk in.  Service was very friendly and attentive all throughout our meal.  The sushi chefs seem like they enjoy their work and chat it up with the customers.    High quality fresh affordable sushi.  Boy I wish they would do an AYCE, but I like the emphasize on the little details that highlighting the fresh fish and tempt your eyes and belly. You cannot get this quality with AYCE.  If they have TORO you must get it,  3 decent sized thick rectangles of melt in your mouth tuna for about 10 bucks...What is not to love?   Live Uni! Hello, LIVE UNI!   Why of course, I will have that!  Uni is served on a bed of rice with a nice quail egg and tobiko on top. It is to die for.  Again I don't really eat rice, but OK I will when it is under uni, quail egg and tobiko!  Ok if live uni does suit you, maybe live shrimp, or live clam, or live scallop?  Do it! Get something you never had before...this is the place and I guarantee you will be blown away. It was totally worth the $18.00 experience...they show you your uni and clean it up and design it into an artful edible pleasure...see  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yummy-grill-and-sushi-las-vegas?select=F8LPnzDPYUqPdEdDbaa_TQ#F8LPnzDPYUqPdEdDbaa_TQ  So yes the final bill hurts in comparison to AYCE, but wow what an amazing check in my bucket list. Eat here and eat ALL their specials!!! Can't wait to come back.  P.S. I would like to personally thank Kimberly T, a fellow Yelper for her awesome review  that had me saying, "Hello" to Yummy!
5 The food is delicious, the people and service are great, and Eric is the best. If you haven't been, you're doing yourself a disservice. Love the eel here.
5 my favorite sushi bar in las vegas Eric the owner is fun and always treat us good. do not expect a quick meal, everything is always fresh and Eric will explain any fish if you haven't tried it before
5 This is my absolute favorite sushi place! I drive across town just to eat here : )
4 Sushi Friday's spent here, very fresh tasty fish and a wide variety. Chefs are great, always yummy.
2 I will never go back nor do I recommend unless you want to wait 30 mins for a meal & the same customer-service.  This place was packed so were fortunate to get the last seat. We both mentioned "brown rice"upon ordering however 30 mins later, x2 orders of white rice arrived at our table. I kindly reminded the waitress of our order & her reply wasn't apologetic yet defensive.  The bf confirmed we said brown rice. Instead she sourly mentioned that "it's going to take a really long time to come out." I was quick to remind her it took 30 minutes for our meal & she replied "we're still charging you whether you take it or not" still never apologizing for the mistake.  I asked to rush it & take-to-go when I should have spoken to a manager. 3 mins after giving us our take out & bill, she said she was deducting the mis-order since she sensed my furry. She deducted it & despite the decent sushi, that's not customer service in any sense!
5 Literally left another place that called itself a sushi restaurant and drove across town to come here.  Life is too short to eat bad sushi!!!  The Blue Fin here is always over-the-top, I'll never need sex again yummy!  The toro is melt in your mouth tender delicious! Not the stringy and chewy red stuff other places try to pass off as toro!  Always (almost always) a large selection of live items.  Don't bother with rolls or rice... You want to taste the fish here!!!  Stunning!  Our Faves:  Blue Fin, Toro, Giant Clam, Live Scallop, White tuna, Albacore... And everything else on the menu for that matter!!!  Make the drive!  (Note: This is NOT the same as Yummy Grill in Henderson!! Do not base your decision to go here on an experience there!!! This is a REAL sushi restaurant and bar!!! With REAL artists at what they do!!)
4 Melt in your mouth fresh fish.... prepared in a unique and fresh way is why I'll be back! A small storefront restaurant, they have about 8 tables and a sushi bar. We started with a great cucumber salad in ponzu with toasted sesame. They offered a Korean pancake as a complimentary starter, which was very yummy!The server was wonderful and and pointed out their signature rolls, which have crazy names! Try "Smells like my old girlfriend" (see what I mean?), which was a sweet and savory mix of fish and topped with crunch flakes! The tuna was fresh from HI and the spicy tuna roll just melted in your mouth. "Dante's Inferno" hit the spot with jalapeno and chilli sauce. Great unique flavors melded together perfectly with really, really fresh, high quality fish. You pay for it, but somethings are worth it!
4 I ate here the other night with my hubby, and it was all in all pretty good. The only thing that may have been a little disappointing was that the food took a while and service was a little slow. However, that probably had a lot to do with the chef training a new guy on how to make sushi and him also dealing with a disturbance outside which forced him to call security.  Minor things aside, Chef was very nice and attentive and ended up giving us complimentary edamame to keep our tummies from growling too much. I would definitely come back and give it another try.
3 Went there on a Friday night for dinner. It's In a strip mall on lake mead . From the outside it looks like a cheap Chinese restaurant with all the led signs. Had second thought for minute but gave it a try anyway.  Got inside the door and again the inside looks like a cheap Chinese restaurant the decor is horrendous hard wooden chairs. Common you can do better than that!  On the sushi side the food was really good    Fish was fresh and was not drowned in sauce. Three stars are only for the food. Decor gets zero in my book.  I would only stop in if I was in the area for a quick meal, definitely would not take a date there!
5 Got a free large bottle of hot sake!!!   I absolutely adore it here. The sushi is fresher than fresh, comes out quickly and the staff is fantastically friendly. They provide you with a savory pancake as an complimentary appetizer, the gyoza is some of the best I've ever had and after the meal, there's a fresh slice of orange with your name on it!  We continue to come back here because it never lets us down. It's definitely one of our favorites in the entire city!
5 Thanks to my friend, Linzi and her precious daughters and hubby, for dragging me here. You will never have to drag me here, again. In fact, I'll drive! That, and I recently noticed my sister's review. She loved it, I'm sold. Fresh, delicious fish, is right. There were things that were ordered that I haven't a clue what the names were. All delicious, at any rate. I tried peach cold saki, for the first time. Yum. The staff are so sweet you want to put them in you pocket and take them home. Yeah, that's creepy, but not literal. The second time, I drove, lol. We ordered rainbow, garlic tuna and yellow tale sashimi.......melts in your mo-fo mouth. No joke. But the soup? I tried miso with clams! Super Yum!!! They have happy hour, and they are much closer to home. This is our #1   Cue fireworks: pkuew pkuew ka-boom pow sparkle
5 Love, Love, Love this place. Food is great. I have never seen slow service and I can get in and out pretty quick. The staff is Awesome and Attentive.  I highly recommend.  Side note the restaurant is a bit small for seating, but they always get us in.
4 We were first timers last night, going to try a new place to celebrate 2 years of marriage, the happiest moments of our lives which included a lot of sushi thus far!  We wanted to sit at bar but only waited about 5 minutes for a family of 4 to skeedaddle.  We were seated in front of Chef Wen, and received great service from 3 different servers.  We received the free hot sake from the yelp check-in, I also had iced green tea and Eric R. had hot green tea.  We also were given complimentary Korean style pancake which was topped with some green onions!  We tried many items that are unique to here.  Unfortunately, the last live uni was ordered when we arrived so I could not try it yet.  However, we kicked off the meal with live scallop.  What is cool is that a chef in the kitchen comes out and shows the live shellfish before preparation.  We inspected our scallop before it was prepared into sashimi cuts, drizzled with yuzu juice (my eyes lit  up when I saw it!), black tobiko, and gold leaf!  It was delicate and delicious, with yuzu as the perfect complement.  Next we got hamachi belly nigiri, which was of course fatty deliciousness.  I ordered kohada which was yummy considering I am a big fan of saba.  The cure was similar.  We enjoyed sake with avocado and yuzu.  Eric R. got super white tuna, then I ordered live amaebi which came out to wiggle around on the counter and say hello.  On Chef Wen's recommendation we got blue fin maguro,which was melt-in-your-mouth tender.  I tried an oyster and  then a salmon skin handroll.  Eric R. ordered an over the rainbow roll, which was like a California roll with assorted fish piled on top of the cut roll.  For our anniversary we were treated to free ice cream (plum and vanilla).  I completed the meal with the true dessert, uni nigiri.  Chef Wen topped it with a small piece of ika and some ikura.  I was really impressed.  Every day, the restaurant orders live uni and other hard-to-get treats, so every day there will be different special fish to try.  That alone makes it worth the trek here if you live far away.  I did not get to meet Chef Eric as he was off but we enjoyed Chef Wen and the other chefs.  Plus we sat next to a character who is also a regular, and we ran into Kevin P.  Considering we had no idea what the prices of any specials were as we ordered them, the price was less than we expected knowing it was an a la carte place.  Yummy is yummy!
4 It never fails that every time I try to write a review for Yummy, it's when Yelp is down for maintenance!  I've been coming here for years (my pre-Yelp years) since I work around the corner. I come here every week almost and this week I was here twice...mostly to-go orders and the occasional  meeting up with Yelpers.   I come here too often that I should be getting desensitized by their food by now...but no!  I keep getting the same stuff which is a problem of mine: edamame, salmon sashimi, spicy salmon bowl, any rolls with salmon or tuna.  The quality of fish here is good. I've tried their scallops, blue fin and uni before - those were amazing.   It's a good thing I didn't go here alone today and I got to try other items on their lunch menu like their pork belly (one of the best I've had. The fat was rendered well so you don't get that gross glob of fat in your mouth feel), garlic edamame (I stepped away from the regular edamame this time. They were very garlicky and a bit spicy and oh so delicious!) and the Unagi bowl (fresh-tasting eel and the sauce wasn't heavy). Then there were items we got today that didn't wow me: ramen, spicy tuna bowl, spicy pork bowl and the salmon skin salad. I've had better elsewhere. For some reason they went crazy with bonito flakes today. They were either cleaning their pantry or trying to conceal something in our food bowls. But there was definitely a bonito flake party!  Service is better during lunch. I never have to wait long for my food the times I've been here maybe because they're more considerate of the working lunch crowd? I should come here for happy hour one of these days. Want to come with?
4 After multiple check ins by other yelpers, I was like "let's go there!" Texted a few people to join me for dinner and off we went.   First thing I loved right off the bat was the free bottle of sake with yelp check in!! There was 7 of us, so of course they weren't going to give us 7 bottles. Our server said it's one per table, but was nice enough to give us 2 bottles:)   It took a little long for our server to finally get our orders in, but we were all chatting to kill time. The menu was pretty extensive with multiple rolls, appetizers, hot food and nigiri. I may have gone a bit overboard with my order, but nonetheless it was still good and managed to finish it all.   Giant clam nigiri: Anthony M. convinced me to try it after he saw some hesitation in me. He had tried it before and said he'd rather have clams cooked. I tried it, and I completely agree with him. It wasn't horrible tasting, just wasn't used to it. Chewy and seafoody is how I would describe it. I could have done with out it.   Toro (fatty tuna) nigiri: OMG this was amazing. Buttery, smooth and melt in your mouth tuna!!!!!!! I would have ordered more if it weren't for the other rolls I got. I don't think I'll ever look at tuna the same way after this.  Cherry Blossom roll: This wasnt a roll at all. Chopped up crab and soft shell crab covered with avocado and yum yum sauce. After a few bites I was over it. I never thought I'd say this about sushi, but I wanted it to have rice. I needed help finishing it.  Sex on the Beach roll: This was good. I don't remember what was inside but it was topped with tuna and avocado. But after eating that toro, the tuna on top of this roll was subpar.   This isn't an AYCE, so be mindful of what you order if you're watching for $. Mine was about $60. I had a good time with good company. Will definitely be back since it's close to work.
4 Like everyone else, most times I got for sushi it's all about the AYCE. My guy and I met up with some Yelp buddies here for dinner last night and I'd say that it's truly as good as everyone says. I thought there was only one thing it lacked- speedy service.   Fatty Tuna Sashimi (Toro): delicious! Absolutely melt in your mouth awesomeness.   Tempura Dinner: very tasty, tempura was exactly what you'd expect but in a larger portion. Miso soup was good, rice was dry but I didn't plan on eating it anyway. Salad was alright.   Yellowtail Nigiri: we had 2 orders (4 pieces) on the same plate. On our first couple pieces, the rice was very strong and wet. We waited a while and ate the other two, and the rice seemed drier and less intense. I don't know what happened here honestly.   Taste better than your ex-girlfriend roll: pretty good. A little too overpowering on the cream cheese end but the tuna inside was really good.   Yellowtail roll: very little fish inside. Mostly rice. A bit disappointing. Maybe try the handrolls next time?   I think Jason had ordered more food, but I can't recall. He's still looking to try the blue fin here so hopefully we get another opportunity soon.   Good quality, tasty fish. I just don't see us passing up AYCE at Yama every time to come here.
5 I felt like I was going to go into a coma after our meal. With that being said, this is not a bad review the food was just so delicious and filling. I would recommend the dynamite appetizer. I think it's scallop, crab, smelt egg, with some kind of sauce. I don't remember exactly what was is in it but just get it if you want to have a foodgasm!
4 I've been watching everyone enjoy this place from afar for years and finally took the plunge to come back.   The BF and I came for the late night happy hour which is from 10pm to close. Various nigiri, rolls, appetizers and dishes are discounted. Some become a really good deal, some just have a tiny discount.   We got some rolls (comes 4pc to a order, not a whole roll).  Salmon skin - good, and the sauce is not too sweet and I like when places put bonito flakes.  Garlic yellowtail roll - pretty fresh yellowtail, simple but good.  Spicy scallop - was a crab and scallop mixture, just OK   Tobiko nigiri - duo of two kinds! nicely fresh.  Anago - very good anago and a generously large slice of it   Kaki udon - the broth was actually rather tasty, a bit sweet on the finish. This was rather filling and hit the spot.   We also splurged and got ourselves a live scallop (not part of HH). Fresh scallop is softer and sweeter than not live. I enjoy that other than the main scallop, they included the "fins" which are a bit more chewy and crunchy but I happen to really like it.   A few weeks later I went here to lunch with a regular, Christie O.   I had a chirashi bowl/sushi with rice. It comes with miso soup and salad, both standard, but good. The bowl had a decent amount of fish - 2 pieces of : yellowtail, tuna, white tuna, salmon, tamago and 1 piece of: octopus, shrimp, kani and surf clam. Also has some radish, and cucumber garnish. I took a few bites of Christies sashimi. Definitely all the fish was fresh.  I think the service is pretty nice here, though generally not speedy.   I guess this place has redeemed itself and I can see why people like this place. Will be back for some live uni.
5 I came here with a couple friends of mine the other night. We ordered a ton of stuff. The coconut shrimp is awesome. Very sweet tasting, don't even need the little sauce it comes with. It was pretty busy and the wait staff was movin around the best they could. Took some time to get our order in but mostly because of other needy customers. Once it quieted down for a sec, they were very attentive. Food came out in waves which is great since it gave as all time to talk and make room for the next bit of stuff we ordered. I would have to say the best thing I tried there was the nigiri. The fish melted like butter in my mouth when I ate it. The best I've ever had. In the end, they knew it was a friends birthday so they brought out ice cream and sang to him, it was awesome. Highly recommend this place.
2 How did this place get so many good reviews??  Maybe I'm the weirdo here.  My experience starts with a watery diet Pepsi.  The albacore didn't seem to be the best cut.  Sashimi is giant thick chunks, not very light on the mouth.  The 911 roll was way salty (mouth is still salted out).  My other roll was only okay.  On the positive, all the fish is fresh, and they have a good selection.  You get a little cucumber salad to start, which was okay.  Service was fine.
5 My husband and I found this little place stuck away in a shopping plaza....and we are  thankful we did!! We find ourselves doing more than just our date nights here but also happy Friday nights, glad to see you nights and occasionally the "daayyyuuum, did you see what Miley Cyrus did?!?" nights. Pretty much any excuse to come sit in their friendly atmosphere and experience another amazing sushi dish. My husband is a huge fan of the blue fin tuna and will eat pretty much anything fried and covered in eel sauce. We have been to many good sushi places in Las Vegas and still have many more to try, but, overall this is our favorite and I can't wait for the next time a celebrity does something jaw dropping so that I can get some Japanese Lasagna!
1 What is the opposite word of yummy? This place is no way close to yummy.   Worst sushi I've ever had. $11 for terrible sashimi salad, no dressing, instead they used ponzu sauce. $20 for a live scallop which didn't taste fresh, $7 for their "so-called"  Kobe beef but so chewy. Blue fin was warm when it was served...  Lastly why does a Japanese restaurant have a Mexican chef make rolls?     How did this restaurant get 4 1/2 star on Yelp???
5 I sat at the sushi bar while Eric (the owner) made some of the best sushi I've had anywhere, and engaged me and my friends in great conversation. The fish is delicious and fresh and the waitresses are awesome. What else do you need?
4 Fresh, unique fish and great service.  Highly recommended for anyone who wants something different. Don't forget to check in.
5 da uni killah is back to attack!!!  chef eric and chef sam took care of us, and as always, our dinner was nothing short of stellar!!! his latest creations tantalized our tastebuds yet again, and we were happily stuffed by the end of our 2 and a half hour omakase. here's what we got to enjoy:  from the kitchen veggie pancakes tempura live tako leg with bonito flakes roasted cherrystone clams stir fried garlic and black bean lobster warm chocolate cake with caramel and vanilla ice cream  from the sushi bar japanese mozuku seaweed with shrimp and wasabi tobiko live boston scallop with dried miso and yuzu live santa barbara uni with brown chirashi rice duet of kazunoko and ankimo albacore with ponzu and crispy onions  nigiri new zealand snapper hamachi from japan shima-aji with battera kombu mirugai conch spanish mackerel tasmanian trout king salmon king salmon belly hawaiian bigeye tuna toro from spain o-toro from spain snow crab with fried parsley super white tuna with sesame, sriracha, and wasabi tobiko  you ain't gonna get this kinda omakase at any other sushi joint in town...:p big mahalo to chef eric and the yummy grill ohana!!!...........aloha!!!
5 What I got: live uni, sweet shrimp, sake, hamachi, amberjack, king salmon, etc How much it costs per person: $30 - 40 How it was: shared the uni bowl, very good! sushi was great too!  Ambience: nice Service: sushi chef was very helpful  GOFORIT!
5 This place is Amazing everything is incredibly fresh and has tons of flavor the sushi chefs are super creative and talented it is a little pricy but so worth the money!
5 Yummy has an impressive selection of fresh fish, they have daily specials with unusual fish that you wouldn't expect in a typical sushi restaurant.  My recommendation for raw fish lovers is to sit at the bar and let one of the chefs serve you whatever they have fresh that day, they never disappoint.  (If your whole order consists of rolls, you don't like sushi).   Bonus: Asahi on draft; wasabi leaf (better than the horseradish fake wasabi); the staff is extremely friendly and seems happy to be working there.   Best memories at Yummy: O-toro (absolutely dreamy), blue fin tuna and mackerel, incredibly yummy quality.   Also, the best nigiri is served with room temperature rice, slightly warm even better, the fish shouldn't be too cold, it doesn't have as much flavor.  And who cares if one of the chefs isn't Asian?  Thank you Eric for keeping your menu fresh and exciting!
5 Great place love there sushi!!custumer service perfect,I going usually around 11-12 pm,they open till 2 am and they have a great dials!the food is  always fresh, thank you for great time:-)
4 Went here for the first time today with a friend of mine.  We ordered 5 things and shared all of it, including a roll with Kobe beef. Everything was really fresh and the flavors were great. Sat at the sushi bar, the two chefs were busy the entire time we were there and that was on Saturday afternoon from about 1:30-3.  The chefs apologized for the wait, but as long as they acknowledged us, we were fine.  Other service just a little slow, but I'm not really complaining... I'll definitely be back, enjoyed the knowledge if the chef and the rolls were great!
5 The quality of sushi is incredible!! Toro is mouth watering, an absolute must!! Yellow tail was so good. The Kobe sashimi was one of the most amazing things  I have ever eaten. You must sit at the sushi bar and take the recommendations of the sushi chefs. Really a great experience!!
5 Jane gave great service! Awesome baked rolls. Try the "Come to me roll"!
3 Make sure to check-in with the mobile yelp app for the $10 off $45+ on your bill!  My boyfriend and I came on a friday night around 12am and it was packed. I heard and read good things about this place so why not? Their happy hour menu is pretty good with half-off on their select nigiri and simple rolls. They had a large house sake for $4.50 during happy hour.  Decor: Small, packed, loud. Clean. Kind of regret not grabbing a seat at the sushi bar! Faster service that way.  We ordered a few rolls (Johnny, That's What She Say) to start. It took 30-40 minutes to get 3 rolls types. By the end of the night we had 6 rolls, house sake, and two orders of gyoza in an hour and 40 minutes.  The fish was flavorful, fresh, rich, and delicious. Pretty generous on the fish as well. Presentation was beautiful. The sauces were drizzled with care on our rolls. The sushi itself tantalized our taste buds.   It's a bit pricey since it's all ala carte and we know it's not all-you-can-eat. For a non-AYCE joint, we expected maybe faster service despite the quality rolls. They came out at a snail's pace that we kept getting hungry in between finishing each roll dish. We felt a bit sorry for the lone waitress doing everything from cleaning, tending to other customers, getting side dish orders etc. She was doing her best to serve everyone though. Maybe the service wouldn't have suffered as much if they had another waitress/waiter or maybe an extra chef. Don't get me wrong, we didn't expect them to come out with our order immediately, but it took FOREVER to get each one!    For the price we paid (Around $80ish by the end of the night just between the two of us), I kind of wished we chose another place. It was a delicious meal, just not-so-great timing on the sushi. I don't mind paying for sushi, but if I'm paying quite a bit extra for an ala carte place, I expected a bit better in terms of timeliness. Maybe we'll come back and try it again on less busy night.
5 I loved this place. Its kind of hidden in the shopping center, but that's okay. I had the combination plate with california roll and teriyaki chicken. It was such a big serving and filled me up. At the end, they give you a slice of orange, which may seem like nothing, but it's a little touch that shows they care. I love watching the sushi chefs prepare rolls and enjoy talking to them as well!
4 I stop in to Yummy Grill regularly for Happy Hour.  They have a high standard for their fish, serve a quality products across the board, and their HH is a great value.  They also typically have a Yelp Deal going with a Check-in, though not always compatible with HH Specials.   I have not explored most of the menu since I normally come for HH.  HH has a good amount of options, and one of my favorite things to order off the that menu is the Chef's Special Roll.  It changes based on what they have in at the time and also based on what other rolls you order...but it is always excellent!  They are an easy 4 stars in my book...maybe even 4.5 stars.
5 My favorite sushi restaurant! Delicious toro.  Everything is fresh. Always great service - my cup is never half empty. Seriously, they always make sure it is full! The fried scallops are delicious. I ordered them on accident once and have been hooked ever since. They have a check-in reward for a free bottle of sake, but since we don't drink sake they gave us a free order of edamame instead.
4 Probably top 2 or 3 sushi places in the Vegas valley. The fresh uni is to die for!!!!! Just the fresh uni alone is worth the trip. Do I need to write any more?? They have fresh uni!!!!! The otoro wasn't what I expected or id give 5 stars. It's got the same stuff as you can find everywhere else, but special menu items not to be found anywhere else. So that's what separates yummy from the rest.
5 What an amazing experience. It looks like any other nondescript hole in the wall Sushi Joint, but is anything but. Even their Uni, which I've tried several times and not liked, was incredible. If I had to choose between Nobu or Yummy, Yummy would win 7/10 times.
2 Me and my friend decided to go eat here for lunch before I had to go to work. Big mistake. The service was horrible it took them 15 minutes to sit us down and then thirty minutes for them to come get our orders. I would of enjoy my food better but because they took so long I had to pack it to go before I was late to work. It was nice that they were giving us free food for the wait; however, we didn't like the free food. I can't really rate the food because I didn't eat it fresh and I couldn't get the bad fish taste out of my mouth. I say if your going to eat here have 3 hours of free time apparently 1 hour and thirty minutes wasn't enough.
5 The best sushi in Las Vegas!!  They always have great specials, amazing rolls and delicious drinks. Do not miss this hidden gem. Their late night happy hour specials can't be beat!!!
5 I like the fast service and its a real quaint place that you would never think to do well amidst a lot of bigger stores around. I like the friendly vibe and I see how customers befriend the person sitting next to them at a bar even as strangers. Food wise, I can tell its quality and I can't complain that the service was fast and great. If I want a quick quality eat on a Friday night, this is the place.
5 What can I say but awesome! A bit pricey but the best sushi in town. They have some of the freshest seafood of any sushi restaurant I've ever been to.
5 My new favorite sushi spot!!! This place can compete with the high end Sushi places in town.
5 Really good sushi for such a random spot.  I no longer eat fish, but I came really close to it when we came here last. The Hi's hand roll was always my favorite! Now I just tell the chef's that I don't eat fish and they'll recommend and make me something that satisfies!
5 First time here and finally know what all the fuzz is about. There are many good sushi places in town and you can definitely add this one to the list. "Playboy and tastes like my ex - girlfriend" these rolls were an orgasm in my mouth. Very fresh, I will be back...
5 Super good food.  Owner has so much passion, top quality fish.  It's super busy on Xmas night.  Owner came around and gave us more sake on the house because we had to wait.  Great and friendly staff.  Wish we made reservations on the sushi bar for more interaction.
5 I've had take-out lunch here twice and I really want to go in for a proper sushi-sampling meal, but I have high hopes from what my experiences have been so far.  The first time I ordered lunch from here my friend from work came with me to pick it up.  It wasn't quite ready yet, so they offered us a seat at the sushi bar to wait.  They brought out water and complimentary korokke (Japanese Croquette; fried potato cake), which the absolutely did NOT have to do!  And let me tell you, their korokke is delicious.  I'm drooling a little as I type.  We finished up the korokke just as our ordered was presented to us.  Huzzah!  Took it back to the office, opened it up and there was a SUPER CUTE picture of edamame drawn on the edamame box.  OK so I'm a sucker for kawaii things.  But it was really nice of them.  The food...oh man, the food.  Everything was great.  The salad was crisp with a robust Japanese dressing, the miso soup was perfectly seasoned and accompanied by well-textured tofu cubes and the California Roll... albeit not "real" sushi, was mighty tasty and had very, very fresh avocado.  The first lunch I tried the chicken katsu - the breading is spot-on.  Their tonkatsu sauce is full-bodied with all the right flavors, so the two paired together make it heavenly.  The second lunch I had the teriyaki eel - also very, very delicious; dare I say it... Yummy.  Staff is always friendly and the atmosphere is just too cute with its cozy feeling and traditional Japanese decor.  May not be great for large parties, but will always be great in my heart.
5 Back again to cap off 2013, we decided to have Chef Eric and Chef Daniel work their culinary magic! Our New Year's Eve Omakase Mebu(Reverse Omakase) consisted of:  STARTERS:  Chili-Garlic Edamame  Korean style Veggie Pancakes  DRINKS:  Hot Green Tea  Yamagata Oni-Karakuchi Vintage Sake  APPETIZERS:  Bacon Wrapped Scallops and Asparagus topped with Nori and Bonito Flakes  Duo of Live Hokkaido Octopus-Deep Fried Tentacles and Octopus Sashimi with Dried Miso, Yuzu, and Black Truffle Oil  Sashimi Trio: Bigeye Tuna from Hawaii, Bluefin Tuna(loin), and O-Toro(Fatty Belly) from Spain  Live Boston Scallop Sashimi with Dried Miso and Ponzu  Live California Abalone Sashimi  MAINS:  Chilean Sea Bass with Micro Greens  Live Santa Barbara Uni with Brown Sushi Rice, Tobiko, and Quail Egg  Australian Wagyu Beef-Simple, perfect Med. Rare....:9  Duo of Shigoku and Hama Hama Oysters with Ponzu and Tobiko  BONUS:  Ankimo with Ponzu  Ji-Kinmedai Sashimi  Unagi Nigiri  SWEET ENDING:  Assorted Fruit Platter  Black Sesame Ice Cream  Always a great time with Chef Eric and the Yummy Grill Ohana, simply the BEST!!! ALOHA!!!  Shaka Meter: \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  10!!!!!!   YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(2/365) "Eric's Excellent Adventure!"
2 Upon the chef's recommendation, a medium size sashimi plate was served.  However, it is unsatisfactory to my standard.   The temperature of the sashimi was slightly warmer than it should be; I couldn't even breakdown the tendon part of the fish by chewing. (1/5)  I didn't enjoy the dash of the kimchi sauce on one of the fish; it desensitized your taste bud to the fish.    Wasabi was either those tube or the power mixed; I expected fresh wasabi with this price.  (2.5/5)  The miso soup ,which was water down too much for taste, was complimented with tofu cube and wakame (seaweed).  (2.5/5)  Age tofu's (or fries tofu) sauce was too over-powering with sweetness; the flavor and aroma of fish flakes didn't arise to compliment the tofu.  (2/5)  The plate was chipped which should not been served for sanitation reason.  (-5/5)  Temperature is the key to the sashimi and sushi not only for the reason of taste but sanitation as well.   I may try hot dishes on the next visit to give a full judgement.     The overall service was satisfactory. 4/5
1 I've noticed that the majority of bad reviews on this "4.5 star" restaurant are from Californians. There's a really good reason for that. Apparently I should've read the reviews more carefully before I went to this terrible restaurant.  Coming from Los Angeles and having stellar sushi (no, not rolls, sushi), I should've judged the book by its cover. Driving up to this location, I could already see that it was a 'roll' place.  Live Uni for 22 bucks? No thanks. I can get the same thing in Los Angeles for 7 dollar a piece.  I don't want to be racist, but this is a Korean owned joint. My family simply ordered the combo meals. I myself had a beef teriyaki plate. Why would I get that at a sushi place? I'm not quite sure. But I guess being on vacation threw me off.  Anyways, the food was cold when it came out to me. It was disgusting. The beef was cold, the tempura was cold, and altogether this joint just doesn't deserve the 4.5 stars it has. I feel so bad for those people who think this place is the best sushi joint ever. I think it just says that Vegas lacks a proper sushi restaurant. When you're in Los Angeles, go to Little Tokyo. Any of those restaurants with good OR bad reviews will top this place.  Avoid this place. Expensive, disgusting.
4 Really really good variety in their fishes.  Wish the rice and fish were seasoned better, though.  Seems a tad bland but their king salmon was excellent as were the various toro cuts we got.  Nice atmosphere and you can't say enough about the friendliness of the sushi chefs and staff.  Really a fun place and I can understand why there are so many regulars.
5 It was one of the best sushi experiences ever!!! We tried sashimi with three different kinds of tuna and three different kinds of salmon from all over the world! We also ordered octopus, it was just fantastic! Chief Eric cooked for us himself :)
5 Definitely will be back. The assortment is amazing, the staff friendly and accommodating, the food fresh, the prices reasonable. What's not to love!
5 We absolutely LOVE Yummy!  The staff is so friendly, the food is delicious, and we have fun each time we come here and sit at the sushi bar.  We found this spot on Yelp almost 2 years ago and have since become regulars.  Each time we visit, I find more amazing reasons to love this place:)
5 These guys have hands down the freshest fish in the valley and some stuff i haven't even seen at other places, such as live abalone. Friendly staff, great prices, and audio that's to die for.
5 This place was awesome, greeted by multiple workers and chefs upon arrival, they were very friendly and service was on point. They have great lunch specials and everything seemed so fresh I don't eat fish but the chicken bowl I got was excellent .  My friend got the sushi and he said it was very fresh and on point. Keep up the good work, food and service
4 Visited this place for the first time last night.  Very much enjoyed it. Cozy community place with very skilled chefs. The fish was fresh and flavorful and excellently presented.
5 Great neighborhood sushi restaurant... But what a gem!    I don't claim to be a sushi gourmet but at the same time I eat lots of sushi.  I have had sushi weekly for the last 20 or more years.  Yummy Sushi has a varied menu with unusual fish on the menu.  I love it.
5 Most fun I've ever had at a sushi place
5 My man and I go to Yummy grill about twice per week. Everyone I bring ends up becoming a regular. The fish is the freshest and best high quality selection in Vegas- bar none! Eric is the bomb. You WILL NOT be disappointed!!! My man came in eating california rolls and now he's a sashimi buff. Thank god for this place
5 We came here from California. . And let me tell you I eat a lot of sushi in California. We came here because of a reference and it's so yummy. We had the 007 Arizona lobster and joy roll. All were flavored with yummy sauces and did not disappoint. I think my favorite was the lobster. We also ordered edamame and a salmon box . . Gyoza.. A couple of sodas. . Came out to 83 and we used the check In for 10 dollars off. We're full and satisfied I think this place is good. We also got refills like crazy. Service was good and fast and the servers were nice. Gonna come back. :)
5 This was the best Japanese restaurant we ever ate. Our waitress Claire was the most wonderful
4 We ate at Yummy's for the first time last night.  So far, it's the best Sushi I've had in Las Vegas (although I haven't eaten on the Strip).  It was very busy but the chefs did a great job serving us anyway.   The Cajun albacore was amazing!   Everything else was great too.  We'll definitely be back.
5 I'm pretty picky about my sushi . Many sushi restaurants claim they have fresh fresh but yummy sushi delivers . Besides the normal menu chef Eric has alot of specialty dishes that not on the menu .  This place is for true sushi lovers . The rolls amazing good .
4 Was craving sushi and a friend suggested this place. I eat out a lot so I'm kinda picky. So glad he suggested this place. Had a wonderful experiences fish was fresh. Eric "sushi chef" was really friendly and made great recommendation. One of my favorite was the Live Tako. I don't know anywhere else in town that serves live tako. It was a very refreshing dish. The Hama Hama oyster is a also a must try. Very fresh and the fish eggs add great texture and unique flavor. We also had the bluefin tuna, it melted in your mouth like butter.  Price was very reasonable considering the quality of the food we got.
5 Still the best neighborhood-feel, à la carte sushi restaurant with impressively (and consistently) delicious fish! The live scallop is my favorite - served in the shell. All plates are made with care and attention to detail, which we all know makes sushi great sushi.   It is really nice to walk away from a sushi meal without feeling like your belly is about to explode from every homeward-bound pothole (e.g. the all-you-can-eat sushi experience) and Yummy Grill is the perfect place to pare back to sushi basics, simply ordering one or two selections at a time. Enjoying each bite and discussing the flavors with Chef Eric and his crew of skilled fish-slicers makes for a very civilized and satisfying meal.  Love the strength of the iced green tea here. And the fish specials on the whiteboard are truly special.   Note: This Yummy Grill is not to be confused with or linked to the *other* Yummy Grills in the Vegas area. This is an independently-run store with its own high-end fish purveyors, and this distinction goes way beyond the typical variance among chain franchises. One bite and you'll know you're in a very special spot!
4 Great Sushi. They don't offer all you can eat, so it can be pricey, but the fish is extremely fresh. Fun atmosphere.
1 I've been here more times then I've actually checked in. Always had good to great food and service to match. I have always come with my wife and daughter (9yrs old). We have always sat at the sushi bar, because like most children, my daughter likes to watch the chef make our food. Tonight we arrived and after being greeted we were told that "kids can't sit at the sushi bar because we serve alcohol". 1) she sits at every sushi bar 2) we've sat at this one every time we've come here 3) so because you serve alcohol to the tables, does that mean she can't sit there either? This city us filled with sushi restaurants, a lot if them are pretty good. So really you go because of the service. And this was not good service. So I will not be dinning here again.
5 Had another wonderful dinner with great friendly service. Will be coming back to try out some of their other delicious baked sushi next time!
2 I don't know what happened. I went to this resaturant with my boyfriend and daughter for dinner.  I read really good reviews about it. So we come in. Staff greeted us and we were seated immediately. It wasn't busy. We ordered our drink. I order hot green tea, my boyfriend orders hot sake. My tea was lukewarm, and tasted deluted and old. I was very disappointed.  We start ordering our sushi and rolls. Meanwhile,  the family in front us is ordering their meal, and a new couple is seated behind us a few minutes later.  We are waiting and waiting and waiting. The waitress,  is fly by us with no eye contact. The family in front of us has received all their food, and still our table hasn't been served. Finally, we were fed up once the couple behind us starts getting their food. My boyfriend is able to pull the waitress over to our table to complain about the long wait. And she starts telling us that she has placed the order, but if she tells the chefs again they will get mad. That's not my problem, we have been waiting more than 30 minutes. The family in front of us has finished, paid, left, and replaced by new people. Once we complain, our food starts rolling in, but our sushi is over powered by wasabi. We lift the sushi off the rice and huge chunks of wasabi are squeezed between fish and rice. I cleaned some of it off, but my boyfriend was very disappointed, he didn't eat any of his food. Once done we get an $80-something bill. The girl appologized. And gave us a $10 discount. But I think that is the last time we go there. I was very shocked, especially because of all the great reviews I read about it.    :(
5 This is the best sushi joint ever! It is NOT AYCE but it is well worth eating here!   You should defiantly get their oysters! I don't remember which one I ate, it was small but super delicious with flavor! I never had such an awesome oyster before!   The bill racks up if you order a lot!   Everything is fresh. My husband ordered the uni bowl. Super fresh! They cut it right in front of you. I'm not a  uni fan but I know it was well worth it.
5 Chef Eric is one of the best sushi chefs in town!  He consistently has the absolute freshest fish in town.  I started coming in to Yummy Grill for the Happy Hour.  I soon discovered the Omakase (Chef's Tasting.)  Yummy is simply the best in town...and at a price considerably less than Kabuto, Nobu, and Shibuya.  And while those are certainly much classier places with wonderful ambiance, the quality of the product is not better and any of them.  You will be hard-pressed to find a place with more live options.  Fans of uni are in heaven here!  If you are just getting cut rolls yummy is still a great place to go.  If you are into Nigiri, Sashimi, or Omakase then Yummy is as good as it gets!
4 Had live sea urchin.  Rice was overcooked but they quickly replaced it.  Food was awesome and staff are super friendly,,,
4 I enjoy the happy hour and lunch specials here. Friendly staff and service. The pork belly here is so buttery. Melts in your mouth.
5 Great that they are open late and have a late night happy hour! I finish work at midnight and I'm so happy there is a sushi place nearby that fits my crazy schedule!
5 When you enter Yummys you're greeted by the chefs That is always very important to me. The service is great. The food is so good. The presentation is beautiful. Great experience. I will continue to come back here and recommend to others. Thanks Yummy!
3 We strictly wanted creative sushi rolls and decided to come here based on a selection of more than 50 specialty rolls. Ingredients seemed fresh, and service was good. I gave three stars because this sushi was what I would call "Americanized"... everything was loaded in sauce, and loaded with rice. The rolls were good sized but not a whole lot of real food substance. The seafood and vegetable elements were so thin and small compared to giant portions of cream cheese, mayo and sugary sauces. Flavor was good but nothing spectacular, decent presentation. Despite the amount of rolls, ingredients are very similar without a lot of selection. People who don't actually like sushi that much will love these rolls. I thought prices were high for the amount of seafood.
4 Wonderful sushi. Fresh fish daily, extremely wide variety of rolls. Sashimi was phenomenal, though slightly overpriced (17.50 for 4 pc. super white tuna). Teriyaki chicken was tough and cold, but the fabulous and kind service really boosted our Yummy Sushi experience.
5 Oysters are perfectly sauced & garnished for u & the most clean we've found anywhere!! Thank u Chef Eric!!
5 My sister asked me to have dinner with her after spending all day in the ER with my grandmother. Starving and puzzled where to gorge myself and eat my feelings. Remembering my sister lived by this great sushi place with a reverse Happy Hour, we decided to meet at Yummy Grill & Sushi.  Immediately entering, I was greeted with "Moshi, moshi" by all of the staff and sat down with my sister.  Immediately a server came over, greeted us, took our drink orders, and handed us menus. We ordered the garlic edamame; the MOST delicious stuff, ever. I ordered a second round. I wanted to lick the extra sauce left over in it. I also had a bowl of their Miso Soup, excellent as well.   Let's get to the sushi. Since it was happy hour (4 PM - 6 PM Sunday through Thursday/ 10 PM - 1 AM everyday),  rolls are priced as low as $2. All happy hour sushi contains 4 pieces and they aren't extra small pieces either. Our drinks arrived with a free portion of their veggie pancake. It had a nice, delicate flavor. We ordered the spicy tuna roll and avocado on top twice (if you've never tried this, do, it's heaven) and they didn't charge me extra (how RARE is that). The shrimp tempura crunch roll was divine, we ordered that twice as well. My sister got an eel roll, which she loved (I love eel sauce, just can't handle the texture. I tried it, it tasted amazing, but let her finish it). We order a Philly roll, which was yummy, you can't go wrong with creme cheese, salmon, and avocado. I especially like that it was fresh salmon. Some sushi places use salmon that has that smokey taste to it and it just ruins it for me. The garlic albacore came with the garlic sauce on the side; the sauce was so good I wanted to spoon the rest of little bowl of it like soup. The Japanese Lasagna was also AMAZING! Warm and perfect. My sister and I had about 7/8 rolls, 2 orders of that garlic edamane, and miso soup, total damage: $41 and change and we were stuffed to the gills! Our server was very attentive and answered all of my silly questions (and trust me, I have a lot of them).   This particular night they had a lot of fresh seafood options, the board read: O'Toro, Blu fin Tuna from Spain, Nodokuro, Sayori, Live Uni, Scallos, Octopus Legs, Abalone, and Lobster. They have a variety of non-sushi dishes from a variety of Asian cultures. The place is small, but has a family like feel.  This may be the best sushi I've ever had in Vegas and that's a huge statement because I am super, duper picky. Well done, Yummy Grill. Can't wait to go back!
4 Love this place. The employees are what makes this place amazing. They are very attentive and explain everything on the menu. One of the only places I Vegas where I can find fresh fish ( when I mean fresh it's killed there right before they prep your food). The baked muscles are out of this world.
5 Best. Sushi. Ever.  So simple. Given, I'm an amateurish sushi eater, but this is some of the best fish I've ever been served. The ahi, hamachi and salmon sashimi are slices of buttery goodness. On both trips here I've ordered twice, bc I just needed more. The service is quick and attentive, and I hear that Chef Eric is the man, though I haven't officially said hello to him yet :-X   Know a true sushi beginner? Bring them here. They will be sold! Are you a sushi pro? Come here for some of the freshest fish in the desert.
5 Ever since our favorite sushi place closed down, my boyfriend and I have been searching for a new sushi joint to call our own. Yummy Grill & Sushi is definitely it! We have been here several times, and have never left disappointed. I am always impressed when a Vegas restaurant can get such fresh seafood. The entire staff is extremely welcoming and pleasant every time, and the sushi chefs are top notch. Also, make sure to like them on Facebook. They are always posting pictures of their fresh fish arrivals, and any specials they have running that day. The pride they take in their food makes them a winner in my book! :)
2 I came here for a quick lunch today because my car had maintenance at a shop. I walked in and asked about their lunch specials. I was given the menu and had 3 choices for lunch not a bad deal. I was sat and placed my order though I must have waited an honest 20-25 minutes before I saw my food or appetizer which was on the house. There were 2 couples at the lunch bar and 1 guy by himself so it was not packed, but not busy. I know sushi takes time to prep but again in my eyes 25 mines, a full episode of sports center played through before I ate anything. The rolls are either small or something I am not used to. I had only 6 pieces per roll for the spicy salmon, and spicy shrimp rolls along with a bowl of spicy chicken for my 3 lunch items. The food was decent though the sushi had onions in their rolls, the same rolls i would order at my other sushi place and they serve it with no onions. I was surprised but whatever. Would I come back? No I am loyal to where I go. Only 6 pieces per roll is not much and it's not an all you can eat so if I did come back it would be almost $10-15 per item. The place I go to is AYCE for $25 lunch and $35 dinner.
4 With so many sushi places in this city - are there any that truly stand out from the rest?  Yummy Grill & Sushi, in my opinion stands out for its supremely fresh fish and "off-menu" items. The sashimi is phenomenal (Blue Fin Tuna & Toro respectively).  Rolls come in a variety of styles, tastes, flavors, with sauces, without. While my friend and I dined here we ordered the following: Come To Me (spicy), Dynamite, and Tomo Devil (very nice spicy taste). The Dynamite is like your typical sushi-places except it comes out in kind of a sushi format instead of a bowl.  Happy hour prices are quite nice. Ordered two rolls, one a spicy/crunchy tuna roll that I quite enjoyed.  Kanpachi with Serrano was somewhat disappointing. The sauce the sashimi is served in has an odd taste to it, and the Serrano pepper, while spicy, does not necessarily add to the fish in my opinion.  We ended our meal with fried green tea ice cream. Crunchy exterior, smooth finished ice cream with a strong green tea taste.   The restaurant itself is small, so if you go during high-peak times make sure to make a reservation. Also, it may be best to make sure you are "pacing" yourself here as each dish you order comes out at a much slower pace than most sushi places.  They do not do AYCE. No matter. This place is top-notch and should not be missed, based mostly on its super fresh ingredients, off-menu items, and its congenial staff.
5 Excellent sushi.   Garlic tuna, spicy tuna & crunchy shrimp.    Very helpful waitress to explain dishes.
2 This is not the place to get rolls. Discovered that the hard way, despite reading so many reviews here that focused on the fresh nigiri and sashimi. I'll have to come back for the positive experience.  Ordered take out using their website menu: seaweed salad, cherry blossom roll, paradise roll. Didn't see many rolls with salmon, and many contained tempura. Made my selection difficult, but they get a lot of reviews praising their rolls, so I figured I was safe.  Inside of restaurant is kind of divey with a large bar, which I like. Service was polite and friendly from the ladies at the counter. Three sushi chefs were present and busy when I was picking up.  Got home to the messy cherry blossom roll. Confession: I love sushi, but I've never had a round roll like this. Verdict: not my thing. Too reminiscent of crab salad and avocado from a country club or buffet, little to no similarity to sushi. Wish this had been noted more clearly on the menu. Or at all. t was the Paradise roll, which sounded adventurous. In my haste to find a roll with salmon, I guess I didn't pay enough attention to the fact that there was tempura shrimp AND (way too much) cream cheese AND (sweet) coconut in this roll. Verdict: again, not my thing. Very sweet and creamy roll, bearing little to no similarity to sushi. The sweetness and the cheese covered up any fish taste. Seaweed salad was flavored appropriately but dismally small: whoever packed my order accidentally put the salad in the lid rather than the bottom of the container, and space was limited.  Disappointed to have a negative experience at a place so many friends and Elites love and have reviewed favorably.  Overall, the rolls themselves are TOO Americanized, to the point that proportions of flavors are off and they're no longer sushi. I'll have to revisit and order exclusively off the fresh sashimi and nigiri specials next time for a separate review.
4 Late night happy hour is where it's at 10pm-close! Great affordable deals!   We are from California and we have a huge selection of sushi restaurants to select from.  So as picky as we are, we came here with high expectations and yummy grill met our expectations!   This place is definitely a quality sushi and nigiri restaurant. The fish was very fresh and handled with extreme precision and care. We enjoyed everything we ordered from the happy hour menu, but my favorite has to be the fish! They were all just so buttery and sweet!   Complimentary:  Korean fried vegetable pancake Imitation crab and pickled cucumber salad  Salmon nigiri (2 orders - 4 pieces)  So fresh and buttery. Very sweet.   Halibut nigiri  (1 order - 2 pieces) Great firm texture and mouth feel. Very fresh!  Yellowtail nigiri (1 order - 2 pieces) They brushed on a homemade seaweed soy sauce which is not overpowering at all. It is meant to be eaten as-is and not with any soy or wasabi! It really enhanced the yellowtail's flavor.   King salmon nigiri (1 order - 2 pieces) This was the evening's fresh fish of the day special. It looks more white than pink compared to regular salmon. It was very sweet and the texture was more buttery than regular salmon- I didn't think that was possible! It melted in my mouth.   Baked CA roll (1 order - 4 pieces) The simple comfort classic with yum yum sauce and baked! It was good, but filling!   Philly roll (1 order - 4 pieces) It was good, simple and fresh  Miso soup (1 order) Very quality miso soup! Not too salty, just right. Came out hot and satisfying.   AMA ebi (sweet shrimp with fried heads) (1 order - 2 pieces with 2 fried heads)  The presentation on this baby made me very happy! Little edible sprouts and flowers topped the sweet shrimp. I enjoyed them along with the fried crispy shrimp heads as well.   Spicy scallop (1 order - 4 pieces) This was my least favorite of everything we ate. They used imitation crab and I think tiny fried bits of scallop? It tasted more like imitation crab and fried tempura bits with mayo. Not the best. It didn't come out the way we envisioned.   Everything we ordered was under $30! Great deal for fresh fish for 2 people, we were completely satisfied.
5 BEST OMAKASE EVER ! Thanks to Chef Eric for accommodating us for so long (oh my god it took FOUR AND A HALF HOURS) ! ! ! First and BEST omakase experience ! Omakase is a show in itself. Watching Chef Eric work his magic and show his creativity in his dishes. max points on service !   Fresh Wasabi - made into a relish. Addicting! went well with a lot of dishes but also yummy to "snack" on while waiting in between dishes. produces a fast effect to the nasal passages. has a nice, sweet flavor.   #1 - Marinated Tuna on top of chopped Mountain Yam with Wasabi Tobiko  Saw Chef Eric chopping mountain yam. After chopping, the yam produced a "slimy" texture, similar to okra but crunchy like jicama. Yam itself was plain but paired with a marinated tuna balanced flavors very well. what a variety of textures  #2 - Deep Fried Gobo/Burdock Root with dipping sauce  Little chips. Fried perfectly. Very slight starchy texture but crispy overall. Lightly sweet. Great "snack" !   #3 - Fresh Santa Barbara Sea Conch with salt/pepper/sesame oil dipping sauce  Very fresh. Meat texture had a nice "bite" texture. LIGHTLY dipping the sliced conch in the sauce gives it a nice flavor. Salt helps brings out more sweetness of the conch meat  #4 - Fresh Hama Hama & Shigoku Oysters  One of my fears on eating raw oysters is they being not fresh, and not clean (resulting in biting into sand/shell/etc.) Two different sizes. Shigoku oysters were small and fat. Very clean and fresh. Gave a nice, creamy texture. Hama Hama oysters were much bigger, not as "fat/thick". Outer "rim" of the oyster, gave it a nice "crispy/crunchy" texture when eating.   #5 - Fresh Live Scallop w/ Dried Miso  Served two ways. The scallop itself was thinly sliced and sprinkled with dried miso and layered with slices of cucumber. The miso gave it a nice flavor on top of the fresh taste of the scallop. The muscle? was sliced and placed in the middle. Not chewy but gave a nice "crispy/crunchy" texture, similar to what you'd get from eating fresh geoduck sashimi   #6 - Takoyaki - Deep Fried Fresh Octopus Suction Cups  At first, i thought this was calamari. But was told it was the SUCTION CUPS of an octopus leg. Lightly battered and deep fried. Crispy batter. Suction cups itself was nice and "crispy"   #7 - Fresh Live Hokkaido Octopus Leg  This was definitely a surprise. Aside it from having a small spot of sriracha sauce on top that gave it a little kick... i did NOT expect the octopus to be so soft and tender. Granted i dont think i've had raw octopus, especially served like this but oh man !   #8 - Fresh Live Sweet Shrimp with Black Tobiko and Uni + Deep Fried Head  The head was deep fried. Fried pretty well. Most of it was edible, except some thicker, harder areas. The sweet shrimp itself was big. Meat texture was firm. Slightly naturally sweet.   #9 - Fresh Live Santa Barbara Sea Urchin topped with a raw Quail Egg & Ikura on a bed of mixed seaweed brown rice  LARGE & FAT (no joke !) pieces of sea urchin placed on top of the bed of mixed seaweed with brown rice (and other things) with a raw quail egg on top with some Ikura. The sea urchin was SUPER creamy. Mixing in the quail egg and ikura. Taking a small piece of the sea urchin and everything else. What a orchestra of flavors and textures. so delicious ! add a little fresh wasabi for even better experience !  i think this is less than $20 ala carte too ! what a deal, even normally !   #10 - Fresh Blue Fin Tuna/Chu-Toro/O-toro from Spain Nigiri Trio   Made into nigiri. Chef used his special homemade soy sauce on the tuna as well ! Best blue fin tuna i've ever eaten. Very slight metallic taste. Super tender and flavorful. Chu-toro was a perfect balance of meat and fat. Melts in your mouth. O-toro (was a little disappointing due to the pieces of chewy parts (tendons?) which req' the chef to slice and arrange it differently). Super fatty. Would have liked the chef to quickly torch the top to bring out the aroma and flavor of the fat even more.   #11 - Fresh Hawaiian Big Eye Tuna with Fried Onions  Sliced tuna. Add a few onions to the middle, on top of the sliced chili, wrap it around and enjoy. plethora of flavors on top of the nice sauce it was sitting in. Chili adds a little small kick to it all  #12 - Torch Seared Wagyu Beef with Uni, Ikura, and chopped Shallots  Super tender! Roll it around to "encase" the uni and ikura. Opposite side of beef still raw. variation of beef tataki.   #13 - Fresh Kohada (Spotted Sardine)   First time trying kohada ! always wanted to try ! strong flavor with a little sourness (similar to mackerel)   #14 - Fresh Australian Ocean Trout and New Zealand King Salmon  Trout tastes crisper, less fatty than salmon. Both orange meat. Simple and clean.   #15 - Fresh Blue Fin O-Toro Sashimi  THAT MARBLING ! Super tender. A5 Wagyu of the Sea.   #16 - Unagi topped with avocado and bonito flakes  Simple but delicious unagi nigiri  #17 - Green Tea Ice Cream  1st floral tasting and aromatic green tea EVER
5 Best Sushi place I ever been to! My favorite one here is the Blue Fin! Chefs are great, servers are so friendly, quality is high. My husband and I always come here. We also love they have a happy hour! :D
3 UPDATE: You had me, Yummy. You had me at hello. We came back to you and you let us down. Now I look stupid talking about your generous portions of fish. I got literally the same things and the fish was cut half as thick, a third the length. Seriously?  From 4 stars down to 3.  ----------------------------------------------------------------  What is this obsession with authenticity? Some people live and breathe on the notion that "authentic" is the only way. It is, to them, the bar with which all else is judged. I don't think that needs to be the case, really. If something is good, it's good. Right?  Yummy Grill is not authentic Japanese sushi. It is yet another Korean-style spot so common to Vegas. And yet so many people recommend it here boasting quality this and fish that. Ok, I give. And I'm glad I did. I don't think I've ever had larger cuts of fish than here. They're huge and delicious! Very good quality and well presented.  On the other hand, the sushi rice was poor. For selecting such fine pieces of fish to serve, why do the injustice of the crappy rice? It wasn't cooked correctly or seasoned correctly. They say the rice is 90% the goodness of any sushi. If that's true, I should change the rating to 2 stars instead. Serious imbalance. Maybe someone new made the rice and it was just an anomaly. Time will tell. Also, it took absolutely forever to get orders out to us.  With all that said, yes I'm sticking to 4/5 stars. I'd certainly be back. The quality and cuts of the fish alone is reason enough for me. What did I have, you ask?  - Smoked salmon nigiri. The smokiness was subtle and smooth, thankfully. - Regular salmon nigiri - Yellowtail nigiri - Garlic tuna nigiri. The garlic portion was milder than I would have liked but it was fresh garlic grated into a bunch on top. - Fatty tuna nigiri. Cut in an unusual "straight cut" way. - Arizona roll - Paradise roll - Passion roll - Last samurai - Spicy yellowtail roll. Delightful crunch included from veggies!  Even though things got to us slowly, and the rice was less than stellar, everything was still delicious. Until next time...
5 Background: I work in NYC and have been dining at Sushi restaurants for about 15 years. I'm late to the party, but my job involves taking clients to lunch, dinner etc., and I can say that I have eaten in some of the best sushi restaurants in the country.  This past weekend I was staying in the Marriott nearby and used Yelp to find this sushi gem.  Here is what I had: Ahi tuna from Hawaii Blue fin tuna from Spain Blue fin toro from Spain  These three items alone were likely the best offerings of sashimi that I have ever experienced, ever.  Did i say ever!  I am coming back to the area in June and will eat here again!  Also had the salmon, Spiderman roll, ocean eel sushi which were very good, although the Spiderman roll is tough to eat in one piece.  The quality of their fish is simply outstanding.  You will not regret dining there.  P.S. This is not a flashy glam Las Vegas restaurant. It's a neighborhood sushi spot that is worth the ride.  SIT AT THE BAR.  ; )
5 they knew the name and origin of the three oysters on the menu. love that. they also have fresh softshell crab from Baltimore.  they just keep on impressing.
4 New Sushi eater!!! I loved this place cheap and reasonable! ! Lunch special $12.95 for 3 items of yumminess!!
3 With the high reviews I really wanted to love this place. I did and I kept coming back hoping things would change with the customer service and wait time for food but it never did. See the end of my review for why.   The first time we came for happy hour and got huge slices of fish, very generous. We then went back again and this time the fish slices were literally cut in half the size it was the first time, service was sllllllooooowww and we had to ask for them to check on things, ask for water refills, but my main gripe was that the fish slice reduced in half. I would appreciate them keeping things fairly consistent if it's large slices or small, either way I know what I would get.   I do like the quality of the fish and so I would always try to convince my hubby to come back and each time I literally had to convince my husband that things would get better in terms of the wait time for food. Sometimes we just don't have 2 1/2 -3 hours to wait for our food.   We came here once on a major holiday and once on my birthday so that shows you how much I really liked their fish but I started to feel like I was just being hopeful by keep coming back, hoping things would get better. We also came about 5 other times.   The last visit was my most memorable in a bad way. We ordered tuna (regular) on the first order and had a conversation with our waitress and she told us how blue fin tuna was much better and we should get it. We said we would think about it. She said if you order all of our different types of tunas and have them side by side and compare taste you would notice the difference. We then later added in blue fin tuna (with a different waitress because ours was too busy to talk to us for about the 10 minutes we tried flagging her down). The regular tuna arrived at the table. We were hoping to get them together but after waiting and waiting we never got the blue fin, so we just ate that first tuna (regular).  More waiting and waiting and got some other orders, we got another plate of tuna. It looked exactly the same as the first. But what do we know, maybe it was different.  It tasted the same as the first. We were confused. We asked our waitress why it tasted exactly the same (when she claimed they tasted different) and she went to go check on it and after some long conversations with the sushi chef and waitresses she came back and said that I had ordered another order of regular tuna. I said no we ordered the blue fin tuna per your suggestion. We weren't impressed with the regular tuna and that is why we ordered the blue fin. She kept insisting that I ordered the regular and I kept insisting I did not, because that is true. This went on with her talking about it with Eric the sushi chef/Owner? and the 2 waitresses involved. It started to get uncomfortable for me watching it all. She then comes back and says if you want to order it, it's past the happy hour time but we can offer it at the happy hour price. Ummmm, no thanks. I already ordered it before (an hour ago), we are done eating, already spent over $100, and so over it at this point. Why not just bring us the correct tuna that I ordered??? Especially since they know us by face, Eric even came over and said he recognized us when I mentioned that we have been here many times.   It just upset me that they made such a BIG deal about it, instead of just giving me what I ordered, the waitress insisted I was WRONG and made it known, making for a really awkward "date night" with my husband. It was also the waitress that kept saying there is nothing she can do, it's not her restaurant and she is sorry but that is the decision. She kept apologizing for what happened, but like I said we were done eating and just ready to go, not wanting to argue over fish.   The owner could see us talking and he finally came over long after we had already been talking about this for an extended period of time which I just wanted wanted to drop it at this point. I expect more from a place with high reviews and wish he would have taken the matter into his hands from the start once he realized there was a problem. In the end he removed the second order of regular tuna and made it seem like he was accommodating us. It was the right thing to do, but we still never got the blue fin tuna we ordered. To each his own and he is the owner, if he feels this is how to treat regular customers, that is his choice. Unfortunately after coming here regularly for about a year, we decided that we want to feel a little more appreciated as customers. I think the problem could have been fixed quickly even if the waitress did not admit it was her fault instead of dragging it out and making for an uncomfortable dining out experience.   The fish is 4 stars (5 stars taste, 4 stars size of nigiri).  The customer service to me is 0 stars.
4 Happy Hour night. They close at 2am. I always enjoy my dining here. Service still good this late. Nigori kinda of pricey.  Sushi guys are fun to watch as they work hard to prepare the dishes. Always a variety of fresh fish. Free Korean pancake small portion pupu.
5 My husband and I are sushi-lovers, so when we were in Vegas for the holiday weekend, I looked up a place here on Yelp. This one has good reviews so we decided to give it a try. We could not have been more pleased! We called ahead to reserve a table. When we walked in, I gave them our name, and the hostess led us right to a table with a "reserved" sign on it! Talk about VIP treatment!  We ordered the edamame while we looked over the menu. The edamame came out steaming hot with lots of salt..perfect! There were over 50 specialty rolls on the menu. We ordered the Ex-girlfriend and Ichiban, since they sounded good. Then we asked the server for a recommendation. She said if we like coconut, we should try the Paradise roll. So we ordered that too! The rolls came out in good timing. All were delicious, and we loved the Paradise roll! We never had anything like it!! Yum!  So if you like unique specialty rolls, definitely worth trying this place out!
5 I had a late work out at Golds Gym on W. Lake Mead & looked on Yelp for a late night sushi spot to feed these hungry muscles. I found Yummy Sushi and so awesome for me it was in the next shoping complex east of the gym. I was very impressed! Very happy place small & packed but well arranged. I sat at the sushi bar and since I came after 10pm I ordered happy hour items which are good until closing at 1pm. I loved it all my items were good but I really loved the Cajun Albacore. They gave me free little pancake appetizers, a crab & cucumber salad and a nice orange slice for dessert. I will be coming back!
5 Took my wife here to celebrate 7 years. Right from the start Chef Eric introduced himself and his crew of 3....impressive. Ordered the sweet shrimp, big clam, octopus, perch from the live menu....every bite was AMAZE-BALLS!!! Also ordered a few other items from the regular menu and they are great as well.  Throughout dinner Chef Eric continually talked to us and showed us his art. Our friends have raved about this place and now we know why!!!! Will certainly be back!
4 Almost everything about this place is fantastic. The food is absolutely delightful. It's very fresh and the rice is cooked perfectly. The waitresses are very nice and the selection of food is great.  This rating could have been 5 stars, but unfortunately my boyfriend and I ordered 3 sushis and 4 rolls between us. The rolls arrived in an acceptable amount of time but the sushis took over an hour to get to our table. It was very good, but took way too long to get to us.
5 What a find!  They have special fishes flown in from Japan and different places.  We were so lucky today that a fresh shipment arrived from Japan. Haven't had sayori in about 5 years since eating it in Japan so I was extremely happy to see that he had that today. Everything was so fresh and delicious. Can't wait to go back.
4 You gotta get Yummy in your Belly!!!  I'm going to piggyback every other review in echoing the awesomeness that is Yummy Grill & Sushi. This has a great extensive menu that can compete with any other sushi bar in Las Vegas.  Going in for a late lunch I ordered the teriyaki box with a miso soup and edamame. Also was served a small side of complementary pancake slices before my main meal came.  Straight from the start, everything that was put out in front of me was top shelf. Everything was cooked to perfection. The service was great with the chefs and servers being very polite and personable.  Then why only 4 stars you might ask. Well even though my experience was all 5 star, I realized after speaking with the chef that the fish dishes were the speciality!! Kinda of on me because didn't read the reviews all the way through. So I'm planning to go back real soon to experience what I missed out on.  Overall Food: 5-5 Drink:  4-5 Service: 5-5 Coming back: for sure
4 Came here tonight craving sushi! Definitely satisfied that craving. Will definitely come back when were in town!
5 So I have to say thank you to all that yelped about this place because your reviews made us try it!  I wasn't sure how this experience would go because as soon as we sat at the sushi bar the hostess asked us to move over but now I understand why.  Even though it wasn't busy when we walked in... Shortly after it was packed!   I would like to comment on the freshness of the fish... The best I have had in Las Vegas.  Thick pieces of sashimi we started with and then went with rolls.  At first I was disappointed because they didn't offer all you can eat but in the end it was way better.  The flavor satisfied my appetite I didn't feel the need to stuff my face.  I allowed my taste buds just to enjoy the flavor.  Food quality was amazing. Service was good very attentive... Never asked for a refill of water.  Best part was when we walked out we didn't smell like tempera.   My favorite was the rock and roll.  Give this place a try but go early to sit at the small sushi bar.  We will be back!
5 Great sushi, I absolutely love this place. It's one of my regular sushi spots. I always get my favorites the Johnny roll and the California baked. This place always has great service and they're fairly priced compared to most sushi places.
4 This place is small but has a big menu and gr8 service.  Even the tofu is fantastic.  The rolls are well prepared and the sauces are wonderful.  Appetizers are delicious-try the jalepano one.  Salads, cooked dishes and tempura-all good.  Lunch specials are a bargain.  Bar selections are gr8.  Playboy roll, 911 roll and spicy tuna Rainbow roll are my favorites along w/I did your ex-wife.  Fish specials of the day are a must try.  Philadelphia roll is not friend as listed.  Fun servers.
5 The best sushi spot in Vegas! They have the FRESHEST fish you can get despite being in the middle of a desert, haha. The staff is very friendly and attentive and watching the precision the chefs take when making rolls and dishes is amazing. Definitely my new favorite sushi spot.
4 This place has really great sashimi and rolls.  Definitely very fresh fish and lots of flavor in their special rolls. Service was decent. The sushi chefs seem to really enjoy what they do, as they were having a blast. Very engaging with customers, taking saki shots with everyone. I'll definitely come  back.
5 Overall: Best sushi experience in Las Vegas for taste, quality, service, and cost Details: - Shared 4 delicious, well portioned rolls (I liked the Japanese lasagna best), 1 soft drink, and 1 iced tea and bill was only $46. Can't beat that quality/price. - Was served our first roll within 10 mins of being seated. Wife ordered some kind of fruit wine and it was too sweet for her. They took the drink off our bill out of courtesy. Servers and sushi chefs were very friendly overall. Can't beat that service.
5 One of the best sushi experiences I have had in a while and I am super picky.  Warm delicious rice with cool super high quality fish.  The super white tuna was amazing.  Homemade soy sauce and real wasabi.  This place is the best I have had in NV
4 I have to add to the other reviews, the quality of the fish is pretty superb. I got the sashimi lunch special, and for 15$ I got   - miso  - house salad (which was actually pretty tasty)  - I think 8 super generous cuts of sashimi (2 tuna, 2 salmon, 2 yellowtail, and 2 halibut(?))  - 1 spicy tuna roll   the Sashimi was super fresh, buttery, and the pieces were thick! The spicy tuna roll was very fresh, the only complaint I had was that it was a tad salty.   Knocked off a star for slow service.  The waitress was a bit absentminded, my friend got a lunch special with chicken bowl, salad, miso and spicy tuna, and the waitress never got the spicy tuna order in and checked on us so infrequently that we had to wait an hr (after I had finished my meal practically) to ask her about it. Then it took another eternity for us to get it.   They seem to be a bit short staffed (hole in the wall place) so be prepared for that.
5 I haven't been to Yummi Sushi for awhile. Last time I went was like at  least 7-8 years ago when my friend took over the place back then. My husband wanted to have some good Japanese lunch but little more than just a ordinary sushi place. So I thought of this place because it seemed like they have new owner and got great reviews. We went there yeseterday for lunch. I was very satisfied with their menu and something that you cannot find at just neighbor sushi restaurant. I had live Octopus,Sashimi lunch special and some fresh sushi and sashimi they recommended. Oh, and their fresh Tacoyaki is really really great!!! Everything was so fresh and great! It might be little pricey if you get live fish but it is worth it! I love this place!
5 Yummy! You have set the bar so high for all sushi bars!   Eric is an amazing Sushi chef. He and his chefs not only make you feel at home they treat you like fam!   The food is sooooooooooooooo fresh? You can always taste the quality and difference!   Fresh wasabi!!! Yum! I am a fan of AYCE but when I come back here I always know what good sushi is like NO ONE compares!    Thanks Eric for great service,Amazing food and good times!   Happy hour is amazing there!   Ikura, screaming O, hotate YUM!
5 Excellent.... The staff was great. ..The food was great, This is by for the best sushi in Las vegas!!!
