5 For me to give a message therapist a great review is something. And I have to say that Barbara Alcaraz is a very competent therapist.   The atmosphere is soothing. The location fairly easy to find, and lacking a pretentious quality of some of the day spa's.   My review for Barbara- competent and relaxing, responsive and relaxing, good hand strength, cheerful. I'm going to be a regular client based on my experience. This is a very "man friendly" place that is very therapeutic: no fru fru or frills, just good, clean muscular Nirvana.
5 My massage therapist, Shanie, recently relocated here from a different business, and I followed her here because her massages are incredibly addicting.  I feel really refreshed after one of her massages.  She always asks beforehand if I have any areas that particularly need more attention during the massage.  I like how she really tailors the massages to my needs because I've never had a massage therapist ask me that before.  Even though it's not billed as an upscale spa, I feel really pampered with hot towels during my massage and a bottle of water after my massage.  I really like her new space and I'm always greeted with a cheery welcome and a warm smile.
5 I've been going to Larry for almost 10 years after being referred by a chiropractor-- and now I won't go anywhere else for a massage.  He is a consummate professional and makes me feel completely at ease. He asks what you want, your areas of concern -- and always listens and delivers just that. He intuitively knows the right pressure to apply and how to really work out all the kinks. When I walk out of there, I'm in a state of total relaxation.  As for the location itself, it's a nice, calming atmosphere without the hassle of having to park and go through the casinos to get to the hotel spas.  In short, Larry is the best!
5 We have both been going to Larry Fafalak for 6 years now and he has been quite a healer for us. He discovered my skin cancer and I had it treated and he has helped my partner who has arthritis. We both think he is a great massage therapist and highly recommend him.
5 This review is from Bob Z, who was accidentally signed on under Patty!  I have been getting deep tissue massages from Larry every two weeks for about 8 years.  Larry is very professional and extremely knowledgeable about his work.  He always takes the time to explain what may be causing any discomfort and works to bring relief.  I have had ankle and hip surgeries and I depend on Larry to keep everything moving.  I always look forward to my massages and I highly recommend Larry.
5 I have been going to Harbor Lake Massage every two weeks for the last 6 months. They are that good. My therapist is Larry and he is terrific. From the first day that we reviewed my injury and my symptoms, through the present he has been able to relieve my back pain/neck pain through our meetings. After every session I feel like I am ultra relaxed, with my back barely aching. He starts the session with a review of your current aches, pains, and worries which I can tell he listens to astutely; for he works out all of those pain/ache points and after words makes sure you are feeling more loose and much better.   In addition to the injuries I stated above I am prone to anxiety and stress; Larry has given me tips to relieve these symptoms as well as works on pressure points on my head, chest, and hands that have helped me regulate these feelings of fear and tension.   I mention Larry this much because I believe in him as a person and a massage therapist. In addition to Larry I want to mention Lois; she is the partial owner of Harbor Lake Massage and her heart is evident in the business. She is always super nice when I walk in, asking about my life and other discussion points. I gave Harbor Lake Massage a 5 out of 5 because in my opinion they are the cream of the crop. Try them out and you will not regret it. Thank you Larry and Lois for all that you do. Lee.
5 I have been going to Larry for massages for the past 4 years.  Larry can get the kinks out of my neck and shoulders like no one can.  I've had my c5 and c6 fused, so there is always some tightness and kinks around the neck area.  Larry's magic fingers can somehow work the tiniest little knots out.  And what a wonderful feeling that is...Kink Free.  He can also work on your TMJ problems.  My husband has been visiting Larry for his TMJ problems.  If you dont have TMJ issues, try a facial/sinus massge. It is heavenly.  Got to try him!!
5 I followed my therapist Mindy here and I'm glad I did, very warm space she has there, it's comforting and it's a nice private space. And the massage is always heavenly good! She always focuses on working out my knots by relaxing my muscles with some hot stones, it's a must addition to my massage!
