1 I take my two cats there all the time.  They do a good job on the hair cut and are really fast.  My cats don't sit around in a crate all day.  Unfortunately this last time my cat came back injured.  The ligament or tendon that holds her knee together was torn.  She is in so much pain she can barely walk.  They must have pulled her leg too hard or something.  But I know that she was 100% okay when I dropped her off.  I have already spent $300 on vet bills.  If she isn't better in 6 weeks, she will need surgery.  In that case I will be taking them to small claims court.   When I called and spoke to the person (owner) Cindy who groomed my cat she denied anything happened.  She claims she didn't struggle with my cat or need any help.  Anyone who knows about grooming cats KNOWS that is BS.  Cats aren't like dogs and just stand there.  They are easily scared and move around a lot.  There is no way my cat just stood there to be groomed.  She didn't even apologize!  I should be going after her for the money spent on vet bills so far, but don't want the aggravation.  If my cat needs surgery, I will be trying to collect the $5,000.00 it's going to cost.  Please steer clear of this place.  Save yourself a headache.  My cat can't walk now and cries whenever she has to adjust or stand up.
1 This review was filtered.  I believe people need to know what happened to this person's dog.  Don't go here. Cindy, the groomer who is also the owner, killed my dog. I brought my dog here for grooming. Cindy expressed my dog's anal gland wrong and it ruptured and my poor dog bled to death. She didn't apologize or say she was sorry. Cost me $1000.00 in vet bills for x-rays and the vet to tell me that my dog is bleeding to death and dying.   I never gave her permission to express my dog's glands. She should ask first. She also doesn't look her customers in the eye and she rarely speaks to them. She surely is hiding something. Cindy is a bad person. Don't bring your pets here for grooming. You were warned.
4 Cindy does an excellent job grooming and her daughter is very friendly and very mature. They all seem to be compassionate & caring for our furry kids.
1 DO NOT GO HERE! An hour after we returned home my dog started licking his stomach and crying. He had razor burn all over his stomach. When confronted Cindy started yelling and refused a refund even after the vet said it was because of her terrible grooming. I have posted pictures of the burns on my dogs stomach, however Yelp has removed them because they are horrific.
3 Cindy does an amazing job as does her daughter. However, her new staff is less than friendly/helpful. Unfortunately,  I will not be going back. I expect a certain level of service and customer service for the price we pay to groom our dogs. I have never left a groomer with my dogs still covered in hair...unless I'm something missing.
5 Tammy Harper is the BEST! She grooms our 3 Shelties to perfection and always remembers baseball accessories. ;) Her staff is so sweet too. Our pups love their spa day!
