4 Every time I have come here I always get my order correct, a delicious tostada salad, more than decent service, and a $2 coupon for doing a survey on my receipt. The wait time is a little longer than desirable but for fresh, hot food this is completely acceptable. Their salsa bar is always well stocked and clean, and I just can't get enough of their black salsa. It's not spicy, it's just so good! I have not been able to tear myself away from the tostada salad yet but a few other things on the menu look good.  Honestly I am somewhat snobby about authentic Mexican food. This is not authentic, but it's still very tasty and that more than makes up for that. Also they have plentiful outdoor seating unlike other Bajas I have been to.
2 Am I the only hater on here?  The store seemed really messy to me and my ultimo burrito (or whatever the called it) was soggy.  Pretty sure I could feed the burrito to my 5 month old daughter and her pediatrician would not have objected.  That's how soggy it is.  It's also possible that a combination of Cafe Rio in combination with the plethora of authentic Mexican Food in this city has spoiled me in regards to Mexican food.  The salsa was really chunky too.  I know some people enjoy the consistency of a good pico de gallo but that is really not my thing.  Bottom line is I did not enjoy my lunch here.  I thought it was over priced for the quality of what I got.  It's the southwest man...THE SOUTHWEST.  You can get to Mexico in 6 hours...you can do better than Baja Fresh.
4 My diablo shrimp burrito easy beans enchilada style was FFRAFRAFraaaarreeessshhh! Obviously from my writing you can tell I am full.. Why? Because I'm exuding happiness!
5 Not my first time of visiting a baja... but definitely the bestest. This review is mostly based on the level of customer service I received.   The moment I walked in the door I was warmly greeted by Gisela with her gorgeous smile asking if I was ready to order or needed more time. she respected that I needed a few minutes to decide then came over. She also patiently took my annoying order "little of this, none of that, don't forget..." she repeated it back perfectly and even asked personally, "Are you having a rough day?" ... to which I just said I'm looking forward to my next day off. Still, who asks about your day anymore?! awesome stuff.   Not to stop there... as I found a table to sit and wait for my burrito, she came over and apologized saying "I might have sprayed a product with bleach here. sorry" well I don't see any stains on my uniform and it's not like it was her fault anyways.   I even watched her as she told the cook precisely how I wanted everything prepared and it came out perfectly and tasty.   Excellent customer service! she even mentioned "have a good day & come back here soon" I'll have to take her up on that since I work nearby.   I know it's just Baja Fresh, but if you haven't visited this location or had the pleasure of meeting Gisela then you're missing out on an awesome guest experience.
4 Wahoo Skinny bowl is delicious! Very clean restaurant. Parking SUCKS!
5 I come here every week. I love their fish tacos! The manager and staff are so, so nice and I sit outside with my puppy Leo.
5 Not sure what was BETTER!...the food or the service?  Every time I stop at this location the staff is just so welcoming. For a "fast" food service I wouldn't necessarily expect it but the people that work there must love their job because it seems apparent. They are so friendly, every time. The food is always awesome. Fresh and fast. Reasonably priced as well. Love, love, love.
5 I've been eating Baja Fresh ever since the first restaurant opened in Newburry Park, CA. It's always delicious, even to this day and after all the corporate buyouts of the brand, ownership changes, etc. The recipes and food quality remain the same as they did all those years ago in the beginning, during the early 1990's. More specifically, this store in Las Vegas on West Lake Mead is my personal favorite, not just because it's now the closest to me since recently moving, but because of how incredible everything consistently tastes, the cleanliness of the restaurant itself, and the fantastic staff and service. Chipotle is great, but Baja is the original, and still the best!
