5 I've taken my SuperDuty to Dan's on several occasions for repairs for upgrades.  They are always honest and priced fair.   Two weeks ago I noticed the pinion seal on my rear axle was seeping.   The Ford dealer wanted $220 to replace it.  Dan's did the job for $105 and they were done 3 hours earlier than I expected.
5 Oil change guys at Terrible's told me my rear differential was leaking at the pinion seal...three days before Christmas, and two days before I'm supposed to leave on a 1,000-mile roadtrip!! They referred me to Dan's Driveline, who managed to squeeze me in at 8am Friday morning.  Meanwhile, I Google my problem and read all this crazy crap about $600 repair jobs. I freak out, but go in anyway, expecting the worst. Over the phone, they quoted me around $120...but I know how that stuff goes; the old bait & switch!!  ASTONISHINGLY, I was in and out in less than two hours -- and the total bill was $95! Amazing. The only time in my life I've ever walked out of a mechanic's place having paid LESS than I thought. Go, Dan!!!!  Customer service was pretty good, too. Since I didn't even KNOW there was an 8:00am (I work nights), I get there 20 mins late...but they didn't bitch me out.  The lady at the front was friendly, but in a sort of brusque way. She had me fill out some paperwork when I arrived, and I stood around at the counter for about 15 minutes waiting for her to tell me "OK, we'll call you when it's done" or "OK, it's gonna cost $500." But she never said ANYTHING to me after taking my paperwork. I was kinda nervous because the part where they were supposed to write the estimate had been left blank, but I signed anyway because I'm a meek wuss.  After about 15 minutes of standing there like an idiot, I finally went and sat down in the little waiting area, where they have cocoa, cookies and coffee (Keurig, no less) for you while you wait. I expected to wait a few minutes before someone came over to tell me what was going on -- when I could come back to pick up my truck, how much it was going to cost, etc.    No one ever did!! It was kinda unsettling...but I'm a super-passive person when it comes to this stuff, so I just sat there waiting, until finally, 90 min later, she said "You're all done" and charged me $95.  So, I can't really complain about the customer service because it all worked out so well. But.....it was WEIRD. When I first got there, before filling out my paperwork, no less than THREE separate people asked me if I had been helped. But after that, nothing. I had no idea what was going on; maybe they assumed I knew!   Worse, the whole 90 mins I was sitting there I was sweating BULLETS because I noticed a "Christian Business Directory" prominently displayed...and I have a Planned Parenthood sticker on my truck and a photo of my vagina clipped to the passenger side visor. What if they sabotaged me for being a godless babykiller???  Then when I got the suspiciously low bill, I was extra freaked out. What if it's a trick, and my truck breaks down in the desert???  So I waited until after my 1,000-mile road trip to write this. As of this writing, my truck is still running fine....so I feel confident enough to give them 5 Fabulous Stars. They were fast, cost-effective and polite...in their weird, uncommunicative way.  I definitely recommend this place!
5 This review is long overdue, but I'm trying to catch up on some this morning and wanted to start the day with a great recommendation first. Positive brings good results and that's exactly what you find here.   This is one of those specialty shops that do what other shops won't and when your mechanic starts saying anything that remotely sounds like drive shafts, axles, rear differential, transfer case (used in  4 X 4 vehicles).. steering - rack and pinion, shocks, sway bars, and basically anything else he can't pronounce and all you see is $ signs coming out of his mouth, then stop right there - grab your keys and drive over to Dan's Driveline before you sign over your savings.  I 'm one of those guys who wants to save money, hates paying mechanics for something I can do myself for a lot less (believe me I have the tools and the knowledge) and wants to shop ebay / amazon for wholesale parts. Basically taking a car to have it fixed is against my grain unless it was rebuilding  transmission and then I give up.  I was trying to sell my Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited 4 X 4 with the Hemi engine. Even though the miles were below average, the vehicle had this ongoing horrible sounding "clunk" when you went from Park to reverse and reverse to drive. It sounded like the transmission or the transfer case was going to drop out, but when you drove it after the noise it ran smooth, shifted normal and seemed perfectly fine.  I ignored it for a long time as it was basically a second car for me and I hardly drove it. Every time I did move it or drive it, I would hear that sound and cringe thinking I am glad this is not my daily driver.  Well when it came time for me to sell it back in November, I just rmembered the old adage "don't invest money in something you're just trying to sell". I mean I replaced the brake pads and battery as that is a safety issue, but this was just a "clunk" and it still drove fine. I then detailed the car, steamed the engine, shampoo'd the interior and it was looking better than new. Carmax always gives the best money for your trade without having to buy another car and off I went. Smiling that is until the offer came back 50% less than the average wholesale trade and loan value. I was puzzled and not amused until the guy said, "well if the tranny didn't sound like it was going to take the transfer case on a date get married and never return, then maybe it would be worth another $5K".  Let me try to shorten this review as i am off on a tangent. I researched  what could be wrong and apparently this was an issue with many of the Grand Cherokees 2005-2008. It wasn't the tranny or the transfer case, but the axle supports on the front drive-train. There are rubber shock bushings between the bolts that tighten down the axle to the frame. These are called isolator bushings and they were rotted out. Apparently an issue Jeep should have recalled, but that' another reason I will never ever buy Chrysler product again - even Mercedes after they merged.  So I researched the parts and googled the how to video and the more I looked into it, the less appealing a 5 hour labor job for 2 $30 bushings was making its way into my busy schedule.  I was dreading taking it to a mechanic and going o prepare myself for an easy $1500 bill. I heard about Dan's from another car guru and I drove up there on Saturday just before closing. I was prepared to leave it for as long as it took, so waiting or timing was not an issue for me. I just wanted the good news or the bad. I wish I remembered the lady's name who helped me, but she was very nice and got someone to look at my car . You would think they all enjoyed working here and the 5PM whistle didn't matter if a customer was still in need.  The mechanic got under the vehicle and we spoke briefly. We went inside and i was told that they would have an estimate Monday and I could leave it till then. I was going out of town, so no big deal. That Monday another very nice gentleman called me and said here is your estimate broken down. I was shocked to hear the parts were the same price I was quoted on amazon (I never revealed to them I knew the wholesale price- that was my bargaining tool). He even surprised me more when he gave my the labor price of $400. I thought surely there must be some mistake and wanted to get off the phone before he changed his mind.   A day or so later the same guy called and said, "we finished and I have some news for you". I thought here we go with the add-ons and the reality was becoming surreal. I thought you got me as you already performed the work, so jack it up to the $1500 tactic. He continued, "well we were able yo get the job done with less labor time, so I saved you another $60 bucks". What?!?! Jaw dropped. that's why these guys get 5 stars. I never experienced this before and I left there with a new outlook and perception of repair shops until I realized this company really is unique. I praise you all at Dan's. Thank you so much! I sold the Jeep!
5 This is the best driveline shop in Vegas, bar none. I'm a garage tinkerer and get by doing most stuff on my own, but when it comes to this its worth the few bucks to make sure its done right.   Their prices aren't rock bottom, but they are worth the premium. Most importantly, they are HONEST and will never charge you a dime for something that you do not need.  Head out to LVMS or Apex and you'll tend to notice that nearly every "serious" driveline was built at Dan's.
5 You know how hard it is to find a good automotive shop in this town, or anywhere?  How about an EPIC shop that has been here for decades? That would be Dan's Driveline. These guys are absolutely awesome.  I bought an old 87 F-150 as a project truck a couple years ago with almost 300K miles on her so needless alot of work was comin.  I have had these guys re-do her entire drive-train piece by piece and NO_ONE can do what they do, how they do. Re-sealed both differentials, replaced all U-Joints front and rear, pinion seals, rebuilt the transmission, and more. Most of the time these guys are done ahead of schedule.   So if you have anything drivetrain related or even brake jobs call the guys, ask for Brick.
5 I recently had occasion to have Firestone air bags & compressor installed on my 2013 Ford F150 at Dans Driveline. They did an excellant job and kept the price that I was quoted when I took it in the shop. Brick, and the other employee's there are very courteous and polite, and It is very refreshing to go to an honest shop to have anything done to your vehicle. I would highly reccomend these guys for your automotive repairs.
5 Had a new driveshaft built for my '70 GTO yesterday and I couldn't have been happier with the entire experience here! This shop is well-run, well-managed, and I can see why it is so busy - the prices are fair and their staff is extremely knowledgeable and very friendly.   Highly recommended if you have manual transmission, driveshaft, differential or axle issues. They are doing something right here - we're lucky to have a shop like this in Vegas...
5 The Best! Worth the drive regardless of where you live in Las Vegas. They do it right the first time and will assist you if anything goes wrong. Price of labor is more than fair. My recommendations do not come lightly.
5 Brick and the techs at Dan's Driveline have done it again: super competent mechanical service and custom skills to boot on my new '70 Camaro project! They replaced missing clutch pedal bits, missing posi parts in the rear end, and modded and fabricated the shifter so it not only looks better, but sits at a perfect default 1st gear angle. The car now rips off the line with the fresh posi, the clutch action is back to normal, and the new shifter feels and looks sweet.  All in all, the drive feel of this car is 100% better, and that's exactly what a driveline shop should be about. I couldn't be happier and I look forward to bringing my next project here to sort out. Seriously as good as it gets.
5 These guys helped us out when we were in a really bad spot. They did the repair quickly and in the time estimated. They were able to salvage our axle housing despite having been bent. They had a specialist from Cali come to do a very vital operation on it. Excellent service. Great quality work.
5 Just picked up my '58 Chevy.  Brick and the Boys dis a great job of finding the problem with the axle and fixing it.  They really know their stuff.
5 Great work, awesome employees. Will be doing business with them again.
5 These guys are normally backlogged five days and understandably so. The record is impeccable and work is top notch. I was referred here by a few places including the last place to look at my work truck. I called and they said we do free test drives to see what could be wrong. I came in at 10 AM they drove my truck and immediately realized that "U" joints were going bad. They quoted me $140 to replace both front and rear and balance the driveline which I thought was extremely fair! I told them I did not have a ride and he said he would get right on it for me. I walked down the street to kill some time at the motorcycle shop. I called for a ride and before I know it they were calling me from Dan's drive line letting me know they had already finished my truck. Talk about service! Dan you and your crew will always receive my business and any of my customers business as well, Thank you!
