4 I think I may convert to this place permanently.  If you read my review of Aloha Animal Hospital, you may have seen that I said I LOVED that place, but my two complaints were their location and their pricing (I have found they're more expensive than other vets).  Well, Sun City Animal Hospital is like that boy that is your friend...but you don't see that they have potential until you really need them...and then you figure out that it should have been them the entire time!  Let's talk location.  I live in Summerlin, so driving to Aloha down near 215 and Rainbow was at least 20 - 30 minutes.  Sun City is located at Lake Mead and Del Webb, about 5 minutes from my house.  Another plus in Sun City's favor: they are open early, stay open late, and are open on Saturdays AND Sundays.  I just recently went to them because my dog had a nasty ear infection and was shaking her head so much I thought her head would fall off.  Alas, it was 7:00 PM.  What vet is open that late?  Sun City!  They're open until 8:00 on weekdays.  And they open at 6:00 in the freaking morning, also!  Let's talk pricing.  Our dog needs her teeth cleaned.  The estimate from Aloha: over $400.  Sun City: $150 (plus $80 if you want blood work done beforehand).  When the doctor told me that, I thought that I was the one who had an ear infection.  Did you just say that the whole teeth cleaning would be only $150???  How does Aloha get away with charging over $400?  Let's talk doctors.  I have seen Dr. Nance the three times I've been there.  She's really nice and my dog doesn't freak out when she sees her coming.  When your dog doesn't mind seeing the doctor come through the door, you know you got a winner.  Like a lost love, I still do yearn for Aloha...but I'm realizing that I should have probably been paying attention to the vet that's always had my back when I needed help: Sun City.
5 Like most of us that love our pets like our children, I was so impressed with the ladies at the desk and Dr. Brooks too. We had to put down our sweet Sheba. Calico persian girlie kitty  we've had in our family for 13 years. This was devastating but EVERYONE at Sun City Animal Hospital was super sincere and kind and helpful. I couldn't have made it thru this process without their help. Also, they are always open, the prices are really fair and they really really care about our loved critters. Convenient location near Fresh n' Easy on 9320 West Lake Mead. Dr. Ashley Brooks is amazing. Very sincere, Extremely well educated and Compassionate. I've been to Vets in San Francisco, Marin County and many here in Vegas. This is as good as it gets. Our critters deserve THE BEST. Go in and check them out. Bettye Terry
2 This is my local vet and I have been using it for three years since Ozzy came to stay. It is always easy to get an appointment and they are available 7 days a week. Like all American medical practitioners I believe they recommend drugs and treatments a little too freely and sometimes unnecessarily. My dog came from the shelter at three years old and on her initial check up they wanted to remove a cracked tooth, I resisted and there have been no issues in the subsequent three years.   So I receive a letter in the mail offering special offer on teeth cleaning, $125 instead of $275. Good deal? You would think.   Take doggy into SCAH and two hours later they call me, " tooth needs to come out" I am told. " There is some gingivitis " so I am persuaded. " How much?" I ask. "$150 plus some extra for the meds". "OK".  Pick up doggie at 4.30. presented with bill for $450 plus. hang on a minute, I am no mathematician but $125 plus $150 was never $450 when I went to school.   The extra charges are for 3 separate shots, painkiller, antibiotic etc. I believe they should communicate that the meds cost MORE than the extraction. I feel this is slightly shady but when dealing with animal lovers I guess this is common practice.  I will continue to use the place but I will be rigorous about written estimates for medical work. There is a vet on every corner.
1 I had a terrible experience. I took my dog in to have her ears cleaned. They let a student do the work! He burst both eardrums.  The Dr. did not even check the work.  I had to return and then was told about what happened.  They were not even nice about the pain my dog suffered. I go to Town Center off 215.They are wonderful and very reasonable.We see Dr. Morales.
5 I have two dogs - a rescue greyhound and a mixed breed - and have been bringing them to Sun City Animal Hospital for about a year and a half. I have absolutely no complaints about the staff or the service here! Everyone is friendly, the building is clean, and I always feel like the doctors are giving my dogs every consideration.
1 Every time I take my cats here I regret it.  My oldest cat needed to detox his kidneys so they recommended he be admitted to the hospital for IV.  For three days I would call to check on him, every time being told in a cold, short tone that  "he's fine".  WOW, thanks for your compassionate, caring customer service!  $600 later I took him home empty handed without any aftercare instructions, no explanation of what was done to him, and no proof that his toxin levels were even reduced.  No one gave me direction with the new prescription food they said i needed to buy.  just sent me on my way without even saying goodbye!  When I called to complain I was told the Doc would call me.... that never happened.  I recently took another chance with Sun City animal hospital,  taking my kitten in for soft paws, aka kitty acrylics.  The first time they did an ok job, placing the caps on all four paws without me specifying.  Today, i waited two hours for something that only takes 20 mins, paid full price even though I brought in my own caps, then drove all the way home, across town and realized once i got her out of the kennel that only her front paws were done! seriously!! I mean come on, how hard is it to look at a profile history?  Or  better yet ask me what I'd like done just so we are clear.  I shouldn't have to tell anyone how to do there job right.  NEVER AGAIN will i trust this place with my loved ones.
1 I've been ripped off by this place for a long time. I kept going back because it is so close to home but every single time I felt overcharged and I always promised myself to never go there again. This is the right time, I've been researching a little and I will take my pets somewhere else from now on.  They all act like car salesman, not the classy ones, but the ones on boulder highway. They push things like crazy, they know you will do anything for your babies because you love them so much but like I said every time there is always regret. Last time I left my dog overnight, a blood and xrays $750. Previous time an advertised $125 dental cleaning became $1200, the most misleading people ever. They called me saying that my dog was under anastasia and I had to spend more than I was initially quoted, like that was a time for me to shop around - ridiculous. But then it was a ton more than they even told me on the phone because they didn't quote the medicine. I really think they should be ashamed of themselves and they need to be exposed and hopefully they will either start being decent or go out of business. Doctors there have 0 compassion  and majority of the people working the front desk are short, no hi or bye, walmart kind of employees. Never again.
1 This is Hyper-diagnostic hospital with a penchant for prescribing a ton of meds. They will always take you right away, but don't let the convenience fool you. They will use fear and vet-babble to befuddle you into a ton of test$ you don't really need. The two times I have gone for routine things, I've gotten a new vet student who tells me about all the possible unaddressed ailments that could be afflicting my dog. Then comes the $500-700 print out of all the tests needed to determine what "might" be going on. They all seem to be trained in the art of the "lab-upsell" and making you feel like a bad pet owner if you don't oblige. Without even the results of bloodwork, one student advised that my otherwise healthy dog should be on lifelong medication, then passed me a pamphlet for a petcare credit card! Outrageous! never again.
5 Dr. Huber is a very knowledgable and kind doctor that goes out of her way to make sure your fur baby is well cared for. Dr. Huber goes out of her way to care for your pet even going in on days off to check on your pet, give you updates and make sure he is being well cared for.
1 Whatever u read is true. My dog had the runs. Took to sun city. Ran tests. $450 . Everything is fine....the diarrhea continues.  Brought back for more tests and IV's they stuck in his arms. drew blood. Took a stool sample. About 300 more bucks. Explained in detail to vet what he eats etc. so she gives me a prescription food. I said I don't give my dog food with fillers. She said that food doesn't have filler. I take prescription to bone appetit dog store. The woman says we don't carry that food it has fillers! She asks the problem. A girl who works behind a counter at dog food store mind u, she says oh ur dog is eating a variety if proteins. He is small, stick to only chicken or only beef not lamb treats beef dry food and chicken wet food. So I follow her advice instead of getting this food that does have fillers. Diarrhea gone in two days. Sun city got around 750 bucks, gave bad medical advice , prescribed a food he didnt need and clearly did not diagnose the problem but still got almost one thousand bucks.......and the girl at a pet food store knew what to do.  Another incident I picked up my dog and his hair was cut around his face. Being he's a yorkie I keep it long . I pick him up , he has this short choppy due. I said who cut his hair!!!? Everyone got quiet no one fessed up. Its like dropping your kid off at daycare , picking them up and they took it into their own hands to cut their hair to their liking. so inconsiderate rude, juvenile! They rip u off so run! They like force meds on u and ur dog and only have business because of their location. Vets get bonuses to push prescription drugs etc. when they cut my dogs hair without my consent and ignored it when I asked that was it. Or was it the time she said the food didnt have fillers and it did.....and prescribed it anyways....he didnt even need it. They gave me eye drops when dogs eyes got runny and said he would need them for the rest of his life. Well he doesn't need them anymore he didnt need them after a few months, where do they hire their vets ? Craigslist ? Why do you guys steal from pet owners who are vulnerable and will pay anything to keep their dogs safe and healthy ? Not Sun city animal hospital it's Some Sh*tty animal hospital
5 I have taken my dogs to Dr. Knehr for well over ten years.  They were wonderful with both Cookie and Rosey.  Cookie was diagnosed with a liver problem at a year and a half, and was not expected to make it.   Thanks to Dr. Knehr she lived to be twelve. I have since moved to Washington, but I miss Sun City Animal Hospital and the care my animals got there.  I lost Rosey in October, but she was 14.  So thank you Dr. Knehr,and staff for keeping such good care of my dogs.                                                                                               Sherry McCann
4 Came with my friend to get her dogs her shots. They're very very friendly and sweet to the animals. They have doggy treats to give them as well. Price for lab work goes to about $100 (not sure specifically for which) and her required doggy shots (he ones you need so you can get groomed and go to the park) come to about $70.   They weighted her and made sure they assured her dog that she's ok ad her dog was very fearful of being on the table, and up so high. To be honest, I admire their sense of empathy, hospitality, and comfort they bring to their patients as I wished regular doctors that treat us humans would be just as comforting and empathetic.
5 Sun City Animal Hospital is the best!!! I had searched for a really special hospital and boarding facility for my precious darling doggie, Zoey!  She is taken care of and is known by name at Sun City Animal Hospital.  She loves the staff there and so do i!  The best care is what your doggie needs and SCAH really provides the best vets, asistants and all around caring atmosphere that is necessary for your pet's optimal care.  I highly recommend SCAH - even my friends all go there - little Macy and Champie (who are the'children' of my two best friends...Everyone is so pleased with SCAH!  Especially, ZOEY, myself and my husband!  Thank you for providing excellent care for the unconditional forever friends in our community! YAY! Kudos to Sun City Animal Hospital!
