3 I'm only a fan of the doctor-Dr. Adam's gets 4 1/2 stars. The doctor is very nice and is very professional. As for her staff -the the one at the front desk with the eyeglasses she is vindictive.  This review is for the candy striper  or whatever her not- so important -title is caIled.-I have no problems coming here but the next time that "thing" gets rude- it will not be a pretty sight. I don't see how someone can work in the medical field and be so rude-but then again she's at the bottom of  barrel.
1 Wow- I really done with place- I called to make a payment and the lady named Yolanda was rude and she refused my payment( it wasn't late either). She claim she didnt know how to take payment(weird).Due to bad customer service i won't be returning here again.
4 Dr. Adams is attentive and really listens. She take pride in her work and is an all around attentive doctor. She is up to date on the latest treatments. She is a great doctor. The only reason I didn't give her 5 stars is the really long wait each time I visit, and the inexperienced and uncaring staff at the front. They clearly don't enjoy their job, which reflects in the treatment of patients.   Dr. Adams is great and I will continue to see her despite the staff and waiting time.
2 Dr. Adams is a wonderful doctor.  She is extremely caring, attentive and knowledgeable.  If this review were just for her adequacy as a physician, I would have given her 5 stars. Carly, Dr. Adams' admin, is also a joy to speak with.  She goes above and beyond her call of duty and will to try to help you in every way possible.    The two main points that deserve a negative (yes, extremely subpar) rating are:  1. The wait time.  I'm not sure how her staff books her patients; however, I have never had to wait any less than an hour for any of my SCHEDULED appointments.  I once had an appointment at 9:30 and did not get called back for my vitals until 11:40...absolutely ridiculous.  2. Her nurse, Yolanda.  Let me preface this by saying that I am an RN.  I fully understand just how hectic and chaotic a busy physician's office can get at times.  Yolanda has an extremely poor attitude...I'm honestly shocked as to why she ever considered employment in the medical field.  Yolanda is rude, uncaring/unsympathetic and lazy.  I am on various medications, so I have to come into contact with this "nurse" a great deal and every single time, she is extremely rude and uncaring.  It is to the point where as much as I love Dr. Adams, I am considering switching primary care physicians due to Yolanda.  As I stated earlier, if this review were just for Dr. Adams herself, I would give her a 5-star rating; however the wait time and her nurse Yolanda really bring her practice down.
1 I thought Kimberly Adams was one of the best doctors I've ever had until I got a letter yesterday firing me as her patient. She comes across as smart and interested and for that you overlook the sometimes extremely long wait times. She sent me for a mammogram and part of the scan was unclear so the mammo office wanted me to go back. When I went back, they wanted $380 to do the repeat scan (license to print money, right?) So I said I'd wait for my next free one and told Kimberly Adams what had happened and she didn't seem to have any problem with it while I was in front of her. Then yesterday I got a letter saying I have to find another doctor because I refused to have the follow up mammogram. So beware - if you don't keep her referrals well funded, she'll fire you too. If I could give her no stars, I would.
1 Like people always say I would give zero stars but yelp forces me to give one star. I had an appointment with Dr. Adams three weeks ago. I looked on yelp to see the reviews and saw that the number one complaint was the wait time and let me tell you YES plan on at least a three hour appointment. I arrived for my 1pm appointment 15 minutes early to fill out paperwork, big mistake since I had a whole hour and half before I even was called back for my vitals to be taken. In that hour and half wait time I spoke with another patient who said that this is ALWAYS the case. As soon as a sat down another person walked in for her 1pm appointment. Fantastic!!!! So double booking appointments. Apparently the staff and the doctor are well aware of this problem but nothing is being done to fix this problem. When I was finally seen by Dr. Adams and told her about my medical history the first thing she offered for a solution was a medical marijuana license. Wtf?!?? Are you kidding me? If I wanted that it thought I need that I would have called Dr, Reefer's number from the signs off the 15 freeway not wait for almost two hours for my 1pm appointment. So she decides to run a full blood panel (can't wait for the bill on that one). It's been three weeks now and haven't heard a peep, so I call this morning to see if I can talk to her or at least get my lab results. "She's out of town" says the office assistance "and if you want to talk to her it's best to make an appointment." I explain I work two jobs, one if then being owning a hair salon and I don't have time to make an "appointment" and wait to be seen three hours later. Her response "well she has a busy practice and that's what all our patients complain about." Again WTF?!? So Dr. Adams why are you still over booking, taking new patients, when you know this is a problem, and why should I have to take time out of my day, not book my clients and lose out on money to pay you to sit there for ours all to ask you one question? It seems you may have your priorities messed up. And as far as my lab results go which she seemed to be extremely concerned about, the receptionist explained that they just came in only on the 17th, that was 8 days ago lady. Stop making excuses for your lack of care for your patients!!! I will not be returning to your crappy practice. This doctor and her staff are horrible and just care about jamming as many clients in a day as possible to squeeze out as much money as they can.  Shame on your Dr. Adams wasn't there an oath you took when you became a doctor!!!
1 Under no circumstances do you ever want to set foot in here.  See all of the other yelps about this establishment.  They are consistently true.  If I could give zero stars, I would.  While I am sure that Dr. Adams is a fine doctor, you can't get past the complete and utter incompetency of the staff.  Let me share with you the issues.  I arrived for my one and only visit 15 minutes early.  No one had called my insurance to get pre-approval.  So, I waited.....  Once that was cleared up, I witnessed two people who showed up after my copayment was paid, get called in.  I was starting to get really upset.  The PA/nurse (whatever) asked me how long I had been waiting.  Answer: over an hour.  She went to the front and discovered that the front desk staff crossed me off as already have been seen.    I had a bunch of questions about a variety of issues.  Since it was the first time I had seen her, she asked me to have my blood work done.  I received several referrals and a prescription.  First issue, NEVER was I contacted with the results of my mammogram.  If I hadn't had the referral to the cancer doctor, I would have never known the screening was fine.  Never heard about the results of my blood work, other than the $500 bill I received from Quest.    Then the pièce de résistance was the bill where my insurance paid zero because it was run as a preventive appointment rather than the sick/ill appointment the doctor promised me that she would run it as.  As soon as I received the EOB, I emailed her office, thinking that was the best way to get a hold of them.  FORGET this, they have since dropped the email address which is still listed on the website, as clearly no one bothers to check it.  Now, I have been sent to collections for a bill that my insurance company would have paid, had the office properly billed it in the first place.  When I wrote a letter to the doctor's office that I received a call from a collection agency, asking whether it was ever billed again as a sick visit, the collection agency called me back and wanted to read the letter to me over the phone.  Apparently, the office never had contact with me again.  Which is odd, considering that I felt that at a minimum, I should receive a copy of the blood work documents that cost me $500, so I spoke with a genius front desk person who violated HIPAA and discussed the results over the phone without verifying who I was.    Now, let me tell you a few morsels of information of the variety of ways that they screwed my husband, who went there based on my recommendation before I knew how truly incompetent her staff was.  He also had a variety of issues that needed to be addressed.  He was waiting at the cardiologist for three hours while her staff promised to send over the results of his EKG.  Finally, the cardiologist was so upset, he got on the phone himself and demanded to speak with Dr. Adams, herself, and demanded the results otherwise, he was not getting off the phone.  (This, of course, come after the fact that her office had over a week of notice prior to this appointment.  They called five times before husband arrived and while he was there prior to doctor to doctor contact.)  He was also left waiting for hours.  And finally, her office does not take personal checks.  So, what exactly are you supposed to do when they screw up and need to bill you afterwards?  You need to call during business hours to give the billing person your credit card number.  Don't you feel safe giving the credit card number to someone who can't be bothered with processing a claim properly?  No, me either.  Run, do not walk, away from this establishment.
