5 I've been going to Town Center Dental for 6 years now.  Dr. Devore is one of the best dentists I've had in Vegas.  When I first moved here in '93 I bounced around dentists because I couldn't find one.  I found one for a few years, but then he retired.  6 yrs ago a colleague at work recommended Dr. Devore.  I tried him out and my family has been seeing him ever since.  He is a really nice guy who really cares about his patients.  I've recommended him to several people and they all love him.  A+++ in my book.
5 Just went for my 6 month cleaning and checkup today.  Everything went smooth and my Dental Hygienist, Sonya, did a great job as usual.  Will be back in 6 months!
5 I LOVE this place. Everyone is really friendly and very comforting. Has wisdom teeth taken out and experienced NO pain or discomfort. I was not put under and did not need to, everything went smooth and painless. Every time I have gone there, it has been enjoyable and the best dentist experience. Dr. Devore is a really great dentist and even better person.
5 Believe it or not, I love going to the dentist. Dr. Phil Devore and his staff are excellent and each visit I have is a very positive experience. I would never go any where else and I only recommend Dr. Devore to all my friends and family. Thank you Dr. Devore for always making my visit very pleasant and comfortable for me, my husband and especially my young son, thank you Dean for all the exceptional cleanings, and thank you to your office staff for being so courteous and friendly to me and my family. I look forward to seeing you again in 6 months!
5 Dr. Devore is a life saver!    The snore-guard he made for me has STOPPED my snoring!!!  It was so bad my other half often had to leave the room to get some sleep, but not anymore.  Very effective treatment that will last a lifetime.  Dr. Devore has done quite a few things to make my smile just perfect.  The care and personal attention he provided throughout the process was amazing, and I could not be happier with the results.  I've never had a more caring dental treatment anywhere.    All who work at Town Center Dental are extremely professional and courteous.   What a great team they have going there.
5 I grew up in Las Vegas and moved out to California over six years ago. I still come back to Town Center Dental to see Dr. Devore and his staff when I need dental care. They are just THAT exceptional. Both Dean and Sonya are gental and kind hygienists.  The clinical staff including Dr. Devore will also take the time to answer my questions and they provide samples and goodie bags of their dental products to try. I have even received personal follow up calls to see how I was doing after visits. Great care and great service in one center!
