1 Oh my Fucking stars and garters!!!   How bad can a pool place be? Let me tell you. I'll use bullets, kinda like a PowerPoint presentation without pictures.   1) NO. We DON'T want your idea of a pool ( which reminds one of piled on frog eggs laid flat ). I have an idea in mind, thank you. Stop trying to talk me out of it.   2) It is a good thing there was no landscape before you started. Because you're laborers tore the hell out of the surrounding ground. Almost as bad as a bunch of bikers would tear the ass out of a plush mo if trapped in a phone booth for an hour.   3) I understand there are delays. But NOT because you didn't secure plans and they were stolen and you said that the wind unscrewed the cap off the PVC tube and they blew away. Born yesterday? Maybe, but not late yesterday.   4) Because you use subcontractors that are unreliable doesn't mean you delay by three months because they were three days off schedule.   5) You messed up the automatic chlorination system and had to dig out the old one DOES NOT mean I have to take time off work because you can only fit me into your schedule on that day. But, oh yes, I already paid you, didn't I?   6) Yes, you CAN return phones calls instead of letting the message machine get them all. Is this to avoid complaining customers? If you thought this was a possible sale, like when we first walked in, you would, as you did, circle like attentive sharks at a whale funeral.   7) And lastly, you have the gall to ask, after all the delays and fixes and crappy service to ask if I knew of anyone wanting a pool. Why, as a matter of fact I knew a few. And DIDN'T mention your name once without a lot of cussing and cursing.   So there you have it, SEVEN great reasons not to use this service.
1 Sundance installed a pool in our backyard.  The concrete deck developed a crack shortly after installation.  They would not repair it.  They said the crack was not wide enough to fall under the warranty.  After a year or some plaster in the pool started to flake and deteriorate in a few areas.  Again Sundance would not stand behind their installation.  Water chemistry was always kept within recommended ranges.  They were fairly responsive until the pool was completed. But after the installation was completed they were impossible to reach and almost never returned calls.
1 I wouldn't even give them one star.  They screwed us every way imaginable.  They told the city inspectors the work was done when it wasn't done.  They told us we wouldn't need a retaining wall and then we needed one--that's when they told the inspectors the work was done.  They didn't return calls once they were done with the pool.  Avoid at all costs.
