5 This place has great service and they do a great job. Mike the owner can fix anything and everything, he is a professional!!! Great service great prices you can not compete!!!
5 Damn what shoe restoration! Don't even think about going anywhere else in vegas to get your shoes repaired!!a+++++
5 Wow, wow, wow.  I went into Mike's not knowing what to expect.  As most people do, I googled the nearest shoe repair and took a gamble...boy did it pay off.  I had a golf bag that was completely ripped, and a pair of my favorite tennis shoes that had a hole in the toe.  Mike explained exactly how and what he could do to fix them, and boy did he deliver.  Kudos to Mike and his wonderful shop.  Amazing service at a great price.  5/5  -Doug
5 I took my tanning bag that was in bad shape here to get it repaired.  I brought it in and 2 days later it was done for only $30, the only thing that I wasnt crazy about is the guy asking me for a deposit, it wasnt the money but the way in which he asked I guess.  I appreciate the work they did on my bag and I am glad to have it back.
5 I have black mens ferragamo shoes that were more than 5 years old. I discovered that through normal wear and tear, the soles were cracked and falling apart. I used Yelp and found this store. Wow Mike gave new heel and soles toy shoes which are better than the original that were on them. He put the long lasting cover on the soles. Shined and polished my shoes to boot. Price and timeliness was very reasonable.
5 Best price and amazing service/quality to get any of your leather goods worked at, especially shoes!!! Definitely beats out Shoe Lab, had to have my heels re done and instead of paying $75 I only paid $25 and had them ready in two days
1 Dude or who ever clean my suede shoes destroyed them. All he can say was that's how suede comes out it's unpredictable. His wife or what ever employee couldn't explain properly, so he starts getting loud with so unprofessional. Go to the shoe repair on rancho. Now I know why all high end designer stores refer that guy!
5 Awesome! This is by far the best repair shop I have been to and I will not take anything any where else. They can repair anything and at a very reasonable price and with a very fast turn around!  I have brought Mike so many shoes in and he has made them all look brand new!
5 I brought 4 pairs of dress shoes here that I thought were dead forever and Mike's brought them back to life !! Very reasonable pricing and work done very fast. Best shoe repair in Vegas
5 After receiving a price quote of $35 for a quarter inch strip of leather on a pair of Prada double monk strap loafers from the abhorrent "Shoe Lab" in Boca Park I turned to Mike's - a simple fix rendered in 48-hours for a mere $6 that is completely indistinguishable from the original loop located just two inches to its right.  Perfect leather grain match, seemless stitching, and friendly service with no fuss.
