5 My daughter is 4 and goes here. She loves it and they are very clean and have great class structure. Teachers are very nice as well as the staff. They have a nice playground area with shade. She just had her graduation ceremony and they went all out in a huge church auditorium, caps, gowns, graduation songs and the whole nine. My daughter also uses the dance classes they offer. Only 10 dollars a class, and they put on an amazing and very creative recital. I highly recommend Creative Kids.
5 My two daughters have been going here since 2010.  My youngest is moving on from Pre-K to Kindergarten this year.  We used Creative Kids for both pre-school and after-school care and have been very happy with the quality of care and teaching our daughters have received.  My oldest daughter did full-day kindergarten this year and Creative Kids had her prepped well for Givens Elementary full-day kindergarten.  I recommend this Creative Kids to all my friends and co-workers looking for childcare. We will probably try Safe-Key this year as our daughters are older now and we have family in-town often that watches them, but if it is not a fit then we will go back to Creative Kids.  (Safe-Key allows you to pay by the day, and if Creative Kids had that option then we would be staying put, but for our family paying by the day is a significant savings due to all the days we do not need childcare.)
2 I had a tough time deciding how many stars to give and have mixed emotions.   I was very happy with 1 of the two teachers in my sons class. She is excellent. The other was just fine. School has great play area and my son had fun despite never wanting to go.   Why only 2 stars? my son was getting sick every time he went and missing more days than he went. We were going to a different school prior and never had a problem. We only signed up for 2 days a week at creative kids. He'd go a day or two and then be sick for a week or longer. Very frustrating.   When I talked with friends 2 of them had similar issues when their kids were young and pulled them out as well. One switched to merryhill and didn't have an issue there. The other kept her kids at home. I'm not going to make accusations or guess why this happened. I just know it didn't happen at the other school so we're sending him back there.
