2 They have signs posted telling you that you are only allowed 30 minutes to consume your food and then you must vacate... that seems a bit pushy.
1 Worst McDonalds EVER!!!!!!!!!! They are unable to get an order correct, Went through the drive through last night got home and no Fries in my bag. Got to the window and the woman running the window was talking about her personal life with a co worker laughing it up with her back t us making us wait instead of giving us our ice coffee. Then she seemed to remember she was working and brought us our coffee. Last time I went there I ordered something with no mayo which my tix said... got home and covered in mayo. called up to complain and the response...What do u want me to do about it??? If I get the craving for Mcdonald's I will drive out of my way.. I hope this one goes out of business....  This location is good for nothing
1 Worst McDonalds EVER!!!!!!!!!! They are unable to get an order correct, Went through the drive through last night got home and no Fries in my bag. Got to the window and the woman running the window was talking about her personal life with a co worker laughing it up with her back to us making us wait instead of giving us our ice coffee. Then she seemed to remember she was working and brought us our coffee. Last time I went there I ordered something with no mayo which my ticket said... got home and covered in mayo. called up to complain and the response...What do u want me to do about it???  I hope this one goes out of business....  This location is good for nothing, my husband and I if we ever go to another mcdonalds, it will be out of state!
1 The worst service ever. And I'm not a rude person, at all. I said "please" and "thank you." And I absolutely was not greeted whatsoever. Whoever that dumbass lady was, that was working needs to take that stick out of her. Don't be mad at me 'cause you hate YOUR job, bitch. Let's not forget that everyone is REPLACEABLE, including your miserable self. It took every bit of me not to cuss her out. I'd write a letter to corporate but she did not give me a receipt. Go figure right. I'm not one to talk down on people that works fast food because it's not in my character to knock someone's hustle. But she really needs to get it together. And for that, I will NOT ever return to this McDonald's ever again. Some bullshit. Oh. And. Not only did I not get a receipt... I didn't get a straw. And instead of 10 piece chicken nuggets, I got 9. What in the fucking fuck..... Fuck that McDonalds.
1 Worst McDonald's ever bad costumer service cold burgers cold fries the manager lady is the biggest B**** I have meet,  the people that work there are slow and dumb I think I rather drive out of my way than come here.
1 Went there just to get coffee in the morning and the one thing I need in the morning COFFEE was apparently out of order.
1 If I could give this place zero stars I would !!! They do not train staff in guest service and the management is horrible . When I am not near a Starbucks I like to come here sometimes for their iced coffee, they have never got my order right and never been compelled to fix my order or give me a refund . One day me and hubby were in a rush in the morning and grabbed " breakfast " when we got Into the car we look inside of our bag and we have all lunch items. We go back inside to correct our order and we are informed that breakfast is over and there is nothing they can do. They proceeded to take our name down and told us we could grab free breakfast the next day. Next morning comes around and we go to get our breakfast. We are told that our names are not in the book and again there's nothing they can do !? I mean it's mcdonalds but please have some pride in what you do!?
