5 I was referred here by Roubi K. many years ago and have been taking  my families dry cleaning here ever since.   It's a small family owned business and the family that runs it is extremely nice and helpful. They have always been great at taking care of our dry cleaning and alternations, helping me get some extra time out of many pairs of pants that mysteriously developed ummm manufacturing flaws :) They are super fast and their prices are amazing!     The next time your looking for a good dry cleaner at a great price, give them a try!
1 Do not go to this cleaner if you expect the service they promise you on the phone!  They almost ruined my wedding due to their incompetence!      For our wedding my husband and I flew to Las Vegas.  I needed to get my wedding dress pressed (not cleaned, just pressed) and I called Master Cleaners the week before we were to leave.  I explained that we would be flying into Vegas on a Friday and I needed the dress pressed no later than 10am the next morning.  I gave them the dates we would need their services, which happened to be good Friday and that Sat., and they said no problem.  They promised they would be able to get the dressed pressed and ready by 5pm that same day.  We flew in and headed straight to Master Cleaners.  Once there we were told that their pressers were not available due to the holiday and would not be back til Monday.  Obviously Monday was not going to work for me since our wedding was the next day.  They absolutely refused to help us even though they had promised to do so just a week early.  Well after running around to two other cleaners that were also not accepting business for the holiday and running up a very high taxi meter we decided to go back to the hotel and try to press the dress ourselves.  Thankfully my husband to-be knew how to use an iron (I thought they were decorative doorstops).  We managed to press the dress fairly well.  Moral of the story: watch out for any promises Master Cleaners' gives you!
5 In these economic times, price is an important factor. However, I think service is still what separates a good review from a bad one. Master Cleaners was there for me when I needed them.  I flew into Las Vegas a day before my trade show and needed to get my clothes cleaned as I came in from another trade show. I spoke with the owner and even though I was 2 hours past his same day cut off (9am), he accepted my clothes and had them cleaned and pressed for me by 4pm the same day. Now that's service!  I highly recommend this place if you ever need same day service. They are just off of Jones and Sahara. A quick 10 min drive from the strip.
5 . I use to take my dry cleaning to a high-end cleaner because I was tired of having my shirts and suits returned in an unacceptable condition (broken buttons, scorched material, misaligned seams and lapels).  Unfortunately they closed, and I went through several cleaners who I was unsatisfied with.  I finally tried Master Cleaners and we've been using them weekly for the past five years and I've never had one issue.  Their prices a very reasonable, but the quality of service is the only reason I use them.  Recently my wife took an old suede jacket with fringe and Indian bone beads and they did such a good job, we took three other leather jackets.  All of them came out beautifully.  The owner really puts pride in his work and it shows.  I highly recommend Master Cleaners.
