1 They use an inferior product. They don't offer the German made best of the best.   After just a few years the material where the rollers slide is wearing out. Their repairman couldn't identify why light was coming in and unable to fix it. Oh yes, did I mention light is coming in?  I now have stucco that is peeling off under the top of the shutter and they put a piece of wood on the top of the motor case for some reason.   They have refused to respond to four emails I sent. I paid $95 for the repairman to fix the shutter and he did nothing because he didn't know what he was doing.  Next time I am using Nevada Rolling Shutter. The owner is very knowledgable, service oriented and they use the good product without the material that will wear out.   One Star is one too many for this company
1 I will never do business with Rolladen. Their customer service is awful. I have emails and pictures to back up everything I will say here. They put a hole in my stucco. They came to fix it. I was told it will take 2-3 visits. After two visits, they refused to come out to finish the job and won't paint it. Their repairmen have adjusted them where the light was shining in. That area was better but another area became a problem. The light shining in, it was determined by the owner of another company, is because of the poor product Rolladen uses. It is made in Texas and not the xlnt European shutters for the same price. The material where the roller rolls is inferior and wore out in just a few years.
1 I emailed Rolladen with all of my windows sizes as their website would have you do in order to obtain a quote.  I received a phone call from one of their representatives stating that I'd get a more accurate quote if she came out and measured.  No problem, I was curious to see how much it would actually cost.  I got a quote of almost $8,100.  The rep tried to get me to purchase the shutters on the spot.  Thank goodness I knew to get a second quote.  The second company came out and gave me a quote almost $3,000 cheaper to do the same work.  Shop around before purchasing from Rolladen.  Glad I did.
1 Never again. Thier front office person is argumentative. They will not fix huge light leaks in shutters installed on our shutters in the last year, which by their own admission came from a "Bad batch". Finally, after a million phone calls, Bianca, said on the phone we've done all we can and your contract says these leaks can be expected.....totally different from wat our sales rep said. When I said we were'nt satisfied with masterbed windows, their was no apology, no let's make it right, just we're not coming out again to fix.
