5 Very nice office and staff. Great experience having my wisdom teeth out. Great place.
5 Carlos Letelier is the best doctor I've met! He's an amazing surgeon! He treated me so well when I came in for my consultation, he answered all my questions very well and I understood everything! He performed my surgery perfectly and quickly and I was back on my feet that same day. He also called me personaly to check on me. His office is beautiful, everyone is so nice, and everything is clean and it didn't feel like a dentists' office at all! I absolutely refer this doctor for all your oral surgery needs! You will be treated with the up most respect by Carlos Letelier and his employees!
5 I cant tell you how scared i was to get my wisdom teeth pulled.  They made me feel so comfortable and made the experience as enjoyable as possible. I felt like I was in good hands 100% of the time and I was very happy with the results
5 I had to have my wisdom teeth pulled in my late 30's. Yuck. I was recommended to Dr. Letelier by my general dentist and I see why. This was one of the most professional medical offices I have ever been too. Trust me I've been to a few. The office itself was immaculately clean. The staff was phenomenal. The young lady at the front office took me back immediately even though I was a half hour early. She sat me down and put on Sportscenter and gave me the remote! (How I imagine a doctors office in heaven basically). The doctor apologized for making me wait even though I sat there for about only 7 minutes. Mind you it's not even my appt time yet. Lol. Dr. Letelier was very respectful and seemed genuinely concerned for my condition. I felt very comfortable there unlike many other medical practices throughout LV. Unfortunately, I developed an infection after the initial operation which I'm 99.9% sure was my fault ( please pay attention when they give you post-op conditions to follow). I had to have a second operation which was done immediately at my follow-up appt. for my benefit, even though this particular day was a consultation day and everyone were in professional attire with no other surgeries scheduled. I was impressed. Dr. Letelier called me personally the evening after both operations! Seriously? What other doctors do that?? I hope I'll never need any other oral work done in the future but if I do rest assure it will be at this office. Your in great hands!
5 We took our 99-year uncle for root surgery and everyone in the office was so kind and helpful.  Dr. Letelier is the best oral surgeon we've ever met:  professional, caring, warm and everything you would want in someone cutting in your mouth!
5 Search no further! Dr. Letelier is so personable and professional. I am glad I did my research and found this office. The set up is remarkable and the ambiance is so welcoming. I had 4 wisdom teeth removed 3 days ago. So far so good! From the moment I woke up from surgery I have not had ANY pain whatsoever. I already referred a friend who is seeing him next week.
5 For starters I will  say I started have pain in my mouth went to the dentist and they told me I need to have my wisdom teeth removed which frightened me a little. They then sent me to their oral surgeon for a consult I was very uncomfortable they the picture of my teeth wasn't that clear so he would have to see the damage once my wisdom teeth were out. Then he told me that two of the teeth he was gonna have difficult time getting out that they were the hardest for him to get. I left feeling so uneasy.Thanks to all of you on here I found Dr.Letelier and I have to say my experience there was great he was very informative and so was all the staff. Everyone was friendly and inviting I was at ease . I just got my procedure done today and I am not in horrible like most people describe. I know if I or my family need any oral surgeries we will be going back..he truly was the best.
5 Fantastic! My daughter had all four wisdom teeth out. She had been suffering for a couple of years on and off. This time around the pain was too much and she finally gave in and wanted to see someone. They took her in the next day. The consult, CT and surgery were done all in the same visit. Beautiful office, very warm tones and not clinical at all.   As a medical professional, I am not terribly bothered by sterile, clinical hospital atmospheres, but I know that most people, including my daughter are. She was comforted by the decor and setup. CT is done on-site (convenient and impressive), such a time saver. The staff has a very professional appearance. Front office wears business attire, back office wears scrubs.   Since my daughter was self-pay (no insurance), it was very nice that this office accepts Care Credit.   As for the doctor, he was so nice! He was very thorough, so we didn't really have many questions. Very personable guy. And as far as the amount of time it took for the actual procedure, it was super quick! I think that once she was sedated, it took less than 10 minutes before she was in recovery. I had enough time to walk out the door, get in my car and get 2 blocks down the street toward the pharmacy before I got a call from the doctor telling me that she was done!   Post surgery instructions are explained very well and the doctor personally calls the patient again later to make sure that they made it home and are comfortable.  I highly recommend this office. One of the most impressive offices that I have ever been to, and I have worked in the medical field for 15+ years and been to many more offices, taking care of my family.
