1 Ah man!  I was so embarrassed when a delivery was made by this establishment to my boyfriend's Mom.  So, I ordered a $65 arrangement (NOT including the $18 delivery charge) via Teleflora (A Rose Shack is one of their subcontractors), and it was an embarrassment what they sent.  Also, the order was supposed to come with a Lenox bowl which was why I chose the arrangement.  Did they send the arrangement with a Lenox bowl?  Nope!  Did they notify me that they were going to send an awful replacement? Nope!  So disappointing.  Got my money back through Teleflora, went to Whole Foods off the strip and bought a much more attractive arrangement for the fraction of the price ($45) and delivered it myself!    Perhaps there was a miscommunication between A Rose Shack and Teleflora, and they aren't completely to blame... I don't know... I don't recommend them - my personal experience was really bad.
5 Let me set up the scenario...leaving Friday, driving from San Diego and "eloping" to Vegas during the 4-day Presidents' Day weekend which is also Valentine's Day and Chinese New Year. Crazy busy and spontaneous so not a lot of planning going on for this wedding. BUT then I wanted a bouquet and a boutonniere...and it was THURSDAY!!! Called four other florists in the area and no one could help me out, until call #5 when Polly at Rose Shack Florist answered the phone and told me everything I wanted to hear. Yes, we can have a bouquet and boutonniere made for you by Saturday. Yes, we can deliver it to you at your hotel before 2pm. Yes, we have in-season, blooming irises for your special order bouquet and yes, we can also make the boutonniere with the irises. Patient, friendly, helpful...thank you for making this day a very special one for us. The bouquet and boutonniere are both beautiful, the price was reasonable, and everything was wicked fast. Thank you again!!
4 I showed up from out of town, requested a general color palette, and let them figure out the rest. In a matter of minutes, it was done. My ailing relative (who used to garden) really liked it.  The man and woman working with me here were convivial and down to earth. I hope their family-owned business does well!
5 called directly from out of state for a phone order .  Ordered a "cheer me up" arrengement for delivery to a friend. left the selection up to whomever took the call.   I personally didn't  see the arrangement but the recipient stated "most beautiful arrangement I have ever seen". think it really did cheer her up!
5 Fast, accurate, and affordable service. I'm not sure, but I also think that they are a locally owned business. I found an arrangement of flowers online and then spoke with a salesperson because I wanted to make some changes. She was professional, warm, and very helpful. Another plus was that the flowers stayed fresh looking for several days after delivery. I will use this company again.
5 I have to say, they are really great. I ordered a bouquet online for my mom's birthday, and it arrived pretty different from the arrangement on the site. I called, sent them the photo my mom sent me (she, of course, thought it was perfect: but I knew what I had paid for) of the bouquet, and they made sure a new, more accurate bouquet was delivered within a few hours, gratis. I was all prepared to leave a scathing review, but they made it right, and were really nice about it. So, from now on, they'll be my go-to spot for all my flowers-for-the-Moms needs. Thanks for everything, guys!
5 I received the most gorgeous bouquet of flowers for Valentine's Day from my hubby that he ordered from A Rose Shack.  My hubby knows I am not a cliched "red roses on Valentine's Day" type of girl...  Roses are way down on my fave flowers list...My hubby explained this  to whomever took his order.  He explained the flowers I do like and said the florist promised to create something spectacular.  (He also placed my order a few weeks before Valentine's Day-which may have helped)  The flowers were delivered to my office.  My co-workers report that the delivery person was very adament that "I" get these flowers and was not going to just  "hand them over"... I was told he even checked my diploma to assure it was my office : )  I smelled the flowers as soon as I opened the door!  5 days later and they have held up well and are still fragrant! The vase was also really nice.  It was a heavy  round glass vase that might be considered shallow compared to the typical taller vases one norally gets! It was modern looking and looks like the vases you would get at Pottery Barn or similiar.
1 I ordered a Peach Half Couch arrangement to be delivered on February 13th for my mother's casket.  It cost over $200 delivered.  She always wanted to be buried in her mother's beautiful peach lace nightgown so I wanted an arrangement to match it.  I was stunned to find a bright yellow, blue, and hot pink arrangement.  It looked like a birthday bouquet.  I was sooooo disappointed and I cannot recommend this florist.
5 I ordered flowers for my wife yesterday, they were deliverd this morning.  Went far and beyond my expectations.  My wife loved them so im a Happy husband.  Thanks
1 This place deserves 0 stars. My brother hired them for his wedding and got almost opposite of what he ordered!  He did not want white or pink flowers and those were almost the basis of his centerpieces.  (The centerpieces were very amateur and looked as if someone had picked flowers from their backyard and the colors looked ridiculous together).  The delivery man dropped off the cake flowers and left the venue or whoever was there to decorate the cake!  I had to do their job for them!  In addition, they left no special tape for the flowers to go on the cake. Apparently, some flowers cannot be put directly on the cake without special tape. In addition, there were no corsages for the mother of the groom or boutonnieres for the rest of the family that he ordered.  When my brother asked for reimbursement for the things that were not delivered, there were all sorts of excuses for THEIR mistakes.  Juliette (owner?) even blamed nature for the wrong flower colors.  There IS no excuse for this lack of professionalism.  I would recommend this place to absolutely NOBODY!  Before the change of ownership this year, this place was great, but now, sadly, it's a sorry excuse for a florist.
1 I visited Rose Shack in December 2011 to start planning floral decorations for my wedding in June.   We selected Rose Shack because local hospitals had used them, and because they had overhead with designs in-store. Between December and May, an employee helped my wife and me with colors, designs, and set-up.  I paid in full to that employee.  To that point, everything was great.  What happened next wasn't.  Two days before the wedding, Rose Shack's new owner as of April 2012, Juliet Kennedy, called to ask how we wanted the flowers.  When I asked her to consult the months of emails and communications between and the employee, she informed me that the employee was no longer with the company.  She assured me that she had the emails, but  nothing she did after indicated that was the case. She then argued with me about what time her ex-employee had promised delivery, despite the fact that the invoice clearly noted it.  She eventually relented to the time, and that was the last I heard from her until after the wedding.  An assistant at the venue told me that Rose Shack had neglected to set up cake flowers.  Instead, they left it to us to figure out how to set up one flower that they left for the entire cake.  I called Rose Shack and left a voice mail that was never returned.  Also, they neglected to deliver two boutonnieres and a corsage.  Then, each centerpiece was vastly different from the designs and colors they had proposed and for which I paid.  A few days after the wedding, I contacted Juliet about these issues.  She proceeded to blame everyone from the wedding site to my brother to me to nature for her mistakes.  She refused to acknowledge any errors on her part despite evidence pointing to the contrary.  Although she cut off dialogue, she called my mother a week later and left a message for me to stop by her store.  When she called back, Juliet denied making the call.  We notified the BBB of this matter, and Juliet admitted to making the call but again denied responsibility, instead blaming an employee for giving her my number instead of someone else's.  Never mind the fact that one of the key things to running a business is knowing the difference between your customer and your employee.  This whole issue is fairly ridiculous.  AVOID Rose Shack.  There are plenty of other florists in Las Vegas with owners and employees who care about their customers' satisfaction.
1 Got a few arrangement from them but they are not very consistent. I've have bought $50-$100 arrangement and every year no matter the price or flowers they have been becoming smaller and smaller and not as well put together. I will not be repurchasing from them again.
5 Rose Shack was kind enough to provide a beautiful floral arrangement that we ordered for a dear friends memorial service. The flowers were fresh and the over all arrangement was done with taste and quality. We will use them again and we will definitely refer them to others. Thank you,  D. Kohl
1 Had flowers delivered to my girlfriend for Valentine's day. She works at a casino and I requested that they be delivered direct and they were delivered to the bell desk instead. She was forced to leave her busy work to get the flowers herself! The flowers delivered were NOTHING like what is shown on the website. I could have spent half as much from a different florist for the same quality. The flowers started to wilt after 1 day. Very disappointed and will not use again.
1 I don't know why it's such a hit or miss thing with flowers. I ordered a dozen roses from the rose shack for my wife for valentines day. They told me they get fresh roses on Monday. So I figure I'll have them delivered Tuesday, that way they'll be fresh and she can enjoy them all week. However this was not meant to be. 130 dollars later and Thursday she's already throwing some out. I've ordered before and got nice flowers. I don't know why it's so inconsistent, but I'm done. I'll find something else to do on valentines day.
5 This is the 2nd or 3rd time my husband has ordered flowers from here for me. This time was for mother's day and they are gorgeous!! He ordered an all white bouquet that included the most fragrant lilies! After seeing the bouquet in the dining room overnight the entire downstairs smells of these fabulous flowers.  We've never been disappointed when ordering from here!
