2 I always reserve online. It's the easiest way to get the best rates, and if you keep checking, you can hit cheaper rates. I have rented from this location at least three times and it is usually smooth and painless-if they don't have the right car they will upgrade you.  Same happened again here, except I had to drive to a porsche dealership up the street which we received wrong directions to.   Before we got there, they tried to charge us for an upgrade that was on the upgraded car we were supposed to be getting free of charge(sirius satellite radio),so i ended up having to negotiate getting that off. I'm not the one who asked for the damn upgrade!  Once we got in there, we parked,asked where hertz was, was told go around the building (it said authorized personnel only), and drove away. Called this hertz and they said go back in, look for a little door on the right under the canopy,it says hertz.  The car was nice, and the tank was half empty!!!! By the time I got the car, and got gas, it had put my trip over an hour behind-going to the bay area? this means the difference between driving in sunlight OR  FOG. I was in a pretty crappy mood for the drive, but at least I didn't have to fill the thing up all the way to return it. When I picked up my car, I was ready to 1 star this place, but its been a few days and I probably will rent here again for the price. Maybe next time I'll call ahead to prepare them.
4 I will rent from Hertz again but if they're giving me a Ford rental, I'll confirm the Ford's MyKey isn't set to annoy me.  - I would have given Hertz/this office a 5-star Yelp review but my Sat/8 Feb - Mon/10 Feb Ford Fusion rental's MyKey setting for 74 miles/80 miles per hour (74 MPH/80 MPH) warning annoyed me so much my round-trip 9 hr drive Vegas/LA that I'm wary of renting any Ford from Hertz again:  1) Pros of Hertz: a) Free Hertz Gold membership https://www.hertz.com/rentacar/member/enrollment - The main benefit for me is the free car upgrade (ie one-time I booked a Corolla and my membership got me a free upgrade to a Camry). b) My 8 - 10 Feb rental was an Intermediate class car (eg Corolla or equivalent) and with my AAA discount plus discount code/RQ "VSTPTE" I ended up paying total $64.30 for a 2 day-rental.  So only paying $32.15/day for a rental with unlimited miles was a bargain.  On this Feb rental I got an upgrade to an available Ford Fusion (unfortunately; whereas on a previous 2013 rental I had a free upgrade to a Camry which was a much better driving experience than a Fusion).  1) Pros/Cons of this Hertz Local Edition office: a) Pros:  - Offers pick-up service (and whenever I drop off my rental cars they've given me a ride back to my home). - Friendly, professional staff. - Initially they were gave me a Corolla rental but I asked if an upgrade was available and it turned out that the Fusion was available, which they free upgraded me to. b) Cons: - The Ford Fusion MyKey setting has a "80 MPH speed limit" which I'm okay with.  But, there's an annoying audible & visual warning that comes on when I hit 74 MPH, and again when I hit 79 MPH, and 79 MPH is the fastest the car will go even though MyKey claims the speed is limited to 80 MPH. - I understand that there are highway speed limits (eg 70 MPH on I-15 freeway) but sometimes I need a little extra speed to pass cars (to avoid a wolf pack of cars or cluster of motorcyclists, big rigs, cars/trucks with unsafe/unsecured loads in their open-truck bed, debris coming from a car/truck, etc). - I wasn't smart enough to disable/adjust the MyKey setting to disable the audible warning whenever I hit 74 MPH & 79 MPH.  Or maybe Hertz intentionally set MyKey such that the renter is not able to alter that warning system.  2) Pros/Cons of the Ford Fusion: a) Pros: Nice styling, fairly comfortable ride b) Cons: - MyKey.  The dual warnings at 74 MPH and 79  MPH even though MyKey states that the car is speed limited to "80 MPH" was frustrating. - Ford Sync by Microsoft.  I don't know what Microsoft accomplished.  I connected my iPod shuffle via USB port to the car's music system & the Sync by Microsoft wouldn't let me control my iPod via the car's music controls.  Whereas my cheapo JVC Arsenal head unit in my car allows me to do so because it has better software programming/iPod recognition.   - Radio station change buttons.  On the far right of the radio console so I had to reach, and selecting the right button (eg Preset 1, Preset 2) was harder because the buttons are small with no space between them (rather than large buttons with a little bit of space so I can select the correct Preset button to press based on feel).  I had to pretty much look at the radio console every time I wanted to press the correct Preset button I wanted.
1 They have the worst costumer service ever. John gave us the wrong information consecutively , and did not do the right instruction. When asked about it the next day, the manager just lightly apologized and used the "he is new" excuse. They are very inconsiderate and unprofessional. I also just got charged more than I am supposed to pay even after weeks of returning the car. I am about to call them tomorrow to settle. Worst car rental ever, and I would not recommend this to anyone.  Update:  It took them a week to send me my receipt of my transactions. I had to call them more than 5 times to ask about the situation, and it seems as if they were not concerned about what's going on whatsoever.
