1 A year ago I was in here and the older gentleman I spoke to was incredible! Educated, lots of insight and great customer service skills. Fast forward to this past weekend and a name change, now they're Stanley Security Solutions, and the kid in his 20's was either mildly retarded, stoned or both. Zero customer service skills and had no clue as to what was going on in the store. I would never spend a dime with this guy representing their company.
1 I requested a quote on a Cannon Patriot P22 and P40 safe.  Their price was several hundred dollars above Cannon's msrp.  When I inquired about this they replied that Cannon was not their primary safe line and they wanted to steer me to another brand.  Buyer beware of this safe dealer.  This business now operates under the name Stanley Security Solutions.
1 We were not greeted during the 5 minutes that we browsed the store while the salesmen were on their cellphones behind the counter, so we walked out. Prices of safes 'on sale' were outrageous.
3 This is a solid establishment with every lock need you might have. The service has never been a problem when I visited but YOU have to initiate the request for service. Don't expect the guys behind the counter to come to you. I had a condo community mailbox key that needed to be duplicated and no one at Lowe's or Home Depot could do it. I came here and it was done in 2 minutes.
5 Not sure why Yelp insists on still calling this Liberty Lock & Key.  It's now Stanley Security Solutions.  At least when you search for them on Yelp they take you here so this review should still help them.  Anyway I had a lock on a cabinet break on me.  It had two locks so I could still lock the thing, but still wanted to get it fixed.  Called Stanley and they set me up with an appointment.  The locksmith called a half hour before he headed my way.  He wanted to ask some questions about my situation just in case.  I told him about the lock.  He said that if he had to replace it the part may cost up to $100.  Since I'd want both locks to have the same key I thought to myself that this may cost me $200+.  Still cheaper than buying a new cabinet though.    When the locksmith arrived he was friendly and courteous.  I looked at the lock and asked me how many keys did I have.  I have two so he asked if he could make a minor modification to one of the keys.  He said it would have no adverse effect on the lock and the other key would still work fine.  I said sure.  He made his minor modification, which enabled him to use the key to open the lock.  No muss.  No fuss.  No need to replace the locks.  No up-selling.  All I got charged was the visit fee and a small labor fee.  Very happy with Stanley.  Will use them again if I need locksmithing.
5 This is no longer Liberty Lock and Key. It is the same location but is called Stanley Security Solutions.  I recently lost my car keys.  They have a transponder chip in them and Stanley Security Solutions now has a machine to program your key to your car.  I had two extra keys and the dealership wanted $159 to program EACH key. Stanley programmed each key for $45!!!! I will definitely use this business again.
5 Fixed my locks, was on time and reasonably priced. I was pleased with the service and the tech did not try to sell me on unnecessary extras.
5 Always great work done by James! Plus he's hot.
1 I don't need to go back to a smith that refuses to sell pins to a do-it-yourselfer that needs to re-key new doorlocks to older keys.  I will not return to have keys duplicated at this joint nor will I consider them should I need a safe.  This business approach is extremely myopic when one considers how uncommonly a customer will want to re-pin his/her own locks.    An employee had to tell me, "We don't do that," after consulting the decision maker, who sat on his long suffering chair and refused to walk 8 steps to the counter to explain.  For what it's worth, the locksmith in my homwtown GIVES me the pins I need, and I returned to pay for duplicate keys, difficult re-pins and lock-outs.  I also recommend their services to friends.  Two way street.  Give and take.  Liberty/Stanley just wants to take.
1 Had my front door rekeyed a year ago and the entire mechanism broke. The metal they use is really soft and wears down quickly. I called to see if there was any fee they could waive to come back out, and she said no. I asked if they have any warranty on quality of product and she said only 90 days. That's how long junk will last. Save your money and go somewhere else!!!!!!
