5 I saw good reviews of this place on another site, decided to go, but because I'm a girl, well you know... I always expect a high price.  Well, I found the place before my errands were done for the day, found out my  papers were dated and had to be finished that day... mid brake job... it wasn't going to happen if I left my car there for brakes which I thought I needed the whole shebang, roters and all - at least that's how it sounded for two days... my broker waited until 6 for me and the son of Ronnie the owner took me for an errand down the street while I waited for the car to be restored to good as new.  They were honest and cheaper, and I value that more than anything.    Thanks Guys!
5 After a recent debauchle getting my girlfriend's Jeep fixed, I wanted to be super careful about where I took my own car into to get worked on. My brakes were squealing pretty bad, and I'm pretty sure they hadn't been replaced in at least a year or two, so I decided to take it in to this place after looking at glowing reviews on a few other websites.  When I walked in, another car was being worked on, but the owner came right up and helped me. I had scheduled an appointment, and he was expecting me to come in, and he quickly did an inspection of my car (which was completely FREE). He took me out to look at the car when it was up on the lift, and he did a really good job explaining to me what was going on with my brakes. Being a layman who knows absolutely NOTHING about cars, this was very helpful.  It turned out that I needed all four brakes replaced on my 2005 Hyundai Accent, and it totalled $325 after parts and labor. I believe the front brakes were $80 each and the rear brakes were about $50-$60 each.   It took about an hour and 15 minutes for them to replace the brakes, though it probably took a little longer than usual because I brought it in right before their lunch hour.  Overall, I was completely satisfied with my purchase, and the brakes are running smooth. I can see why people gave it such great reviews.
5 Thanks to yelp! Otherwise I would have not found this place. The service here is great and fair prices. I watched two other customers pay for their service and they both seemed happy when they finished. As soon as I walked in, another customer asked if I had been there before (no) and immediately started saying how fair the prices were and how great the service was. This is NOT a franchise. The owner is there everyday at the front desk and most of the time you deal with him direct. Incredible place and they deserve all the support and great reviews they have.
5 This guy that owns this shop is so nice and honest and very helpful. I first went to him in 2004. He actually turned me away and said I had about 70 percent brakes left on my back breaks and about 30 percent left on my front brakes and I should be fine and he told me how many more miles I had left!      I went next door to Big O Tires to get new tires put on. When I went to pick up my vehicle the Big O Tire guy told me my brakes were so bad that I shouldn't drive off the lot without getting new brakes put on that was an additional $500 of what I paid. If I had not just gone next door to Mr Brake I might have believed him! What a rip off they are. As a result I went back to Mr Brake about a year later when my front brakes were ready to be changed and I have always used him since. He is always very honest and very reasonable with his prices. He is the best. I only wish he did other services because he is one of the few mechanics I have ever come across that is truly honest and doesn't try and rip you off. The best in town. I always recommend him to anyone I know that needs a brake job. I hope he stays in business for a long time.
5 I knew I needed new brakes so I did some research and discovered Mr. Brake had the best reviews on Yelp.  Before I had a chance to go, a co-worker of mine mentioned that they needed new brakes too, so I told them about the reviews I saw of Mr. Brake on Yelp.  They ended up taking their car there and raved about how great and honest they were.  Mr. Brake was honest and told them they actually didn't even need new brakes for at least another year.  I finally got around to making an appointment at Mr. Brake after that.  My appointment was for 10am and they took my Ford Ranger in for a free inspection as soon as I arrived.  Within 15 minutes they showed me why I needed new front rotors and pads.  (I already knew I would with all the grinding that was going on!)  It took about an hour and an half to fix and cost $360.  That was about $80 cheaper than a previous quote I had received somewhere else and they did a fantastic job- my brakes feel great.  Mr. Brake is the place to go for brakes in Las Vegas!  Thank Yelp for the great reviews too!
5 My brakes were squealing and grinding a good bit.  Mr. Brake shot me straight and told me exactly what I needed.  He told me his best estimate on how long my rear brakepads were going to last.  There was no up-selling at all.  Highly recommended. In and out in 2 1/2 hours, as promised.
5 I had changed the brake booster on my Jeep on my own, but the brake lights wouldn't shut off. I figured I installed it wrong or there was a problem with the part I used. Many shops would have pushed to sell me a new booster plus the labor, but Bill took the time and realized that my brake light switch was broken, and it only cost $26.00 to get my car back on the road. Not your typical grease monkey shop.
5 I was recommended to use mr. Brake from an associate at Walmart Automotive. I came here for new brakes and rotars. I was told I didn't need new rotars. This place is amazing. Reminds of the old fashioned way business should be done. They were honest, fast an courteous. 100% recommend this place.
4 So my front brakes were in need of some attention.  The brake pads needed replacement and I was fairly sure the rotors needed resurfacing at the very least.  So I go about calling several places around the area and I get quotes that are ridiculous.  Really, over $350? No. I then call Mr. Brake and they quote me approximately $180 out the door.  Yes!  I call on a Friday afternoon and set up an appointment to take my car in the next morning on Saturday.  Short notice availability? Yes!  I take my car in the next morning (this place confused me breifly when I went searching for it as it seems that they moved garages just a few hundred feet over and the old signage is still around) and I go in to hand over my keys and go over the work getting done.  Front brake pads replaced, front rotors resurfaced, rear brakes adjusted, for $184.53 out-the-door.  Yes! I then hang out in the office and look over the walls.  High-five on having photos of Las Vegas from the early days, talking 1930s back when Vegas was still mostly a railroad town and Fremont St was the original Strip.  And the coffee table book was the first centennial history of Vegas.  A history lesson in an unexpected place, pretty freaking cool.   Less than an hour later (and honestly, they could've taken more time because the reading was great, and the office was quiet), I look up and see the mechanic test driving my car around the lot, so I know it's just about ready.  I head up to the counter and we go over the work and the pricing, and yep, true to their word, the quote sticks with no surprise costs.  I pay and inquire about rear brakes, and they let me know it would be a good idea to get it done in the next six months.  No pressure to get it done today, no fear mongering, just honest information and low key presentation. All in all, I would really recommend this place.
5 Great service. Very fair and patient...  No high-pressure sales on un-necessary parts or labor. Customer service as it should be.
4 Good service, fair... Told me the price before they did the work and no "hidden" costs were added. I would recommend. No hassle.
5 I just had Mr. Brake do my rear brakes today, and haven't driven much on them yet...so it's kinda too early to give a REAL review. But so far, so good!  I needed some brake work done, so hit up Yelp to see who came highly recommended. The top search result was pretty far from my house, so I went with the #2 -- Mr. Brake. I dropped in unannounced, but he was able to check out my truck within 30 min, and ended up replacing my rear pads in another hour or so.   His demeanor is friendly, funny and very pleasant...and he just sort of oooooozes wholesomeness and honesty...kinda like the friendly local mechanic in Mr. Roger's Neighborhood (there was no mechanic in Mr. Roger's Neighborhood...I'm just saying that if there WAS, it would be someone like Mr. Brake).  I got the vibe that he is a Mormon, which if that's the case explains EVERYTHING! He even bore a slight resemblance to Mitt Romney. And although I'm a far-left lunatic member of the liberal elite with a Planned Parenthood sticker on my windshield and a photo of my vagina on my passenger side sun visor...he was polite and friendly and just so gosh-darned NICE to me that it made me want to go straight out and drag race or something to ruin my new brakes, so I'd have an excuse to come back and see him again!! I HEART MR. BRAKE!   He does a free checkup and estimate, and then gives you a suuuper low-key summary of what he's found, with zero sales pressure. He told me I had another 2-3,000 miles to go on my old brake pads, and didn't try to pressure me into getting it done that day. I did anyway, though...because WTF, no time like the present. Plus...as mentioned, he was just so GOSH-DARNED NICE that I wanted to give him some business, dangit! And the price was right -- $163, a lot less than I paid at my previous place, the 10th Street Garage.  To sum: I wholeheartedly recommend this fin establishment! Go, Mr. Brake!
5 Everything is by appointment only so you don't have to sit around and wait. It's a free inspection and done within about 10 minutes. Quick, friendly, honest, professional service. Reasonably priced... I paid $330 for front and rear brakes. He told me i came in just in time, easily could have told me i needed more work done than i needed! Don't get screwed somewhere else! These guys have 5 stars for a reason.
5 After calling around to get pricing and information last Saturday toget the brake pads relaced on my tahoe, I contacted Mr Brake.  I was happily surprised.  Their price was $200 less than most for all 4 wheels.    They do requie you to set an appointment time but it really helped.  i was in and out in less than 1 hour. It was a very positive experience and they didnt try to sell me a bunch of other stuff.  Great job!!!
5 I, like most people are very leery about getting ripped off, when it comes to car repairs. I thought my brakes were in for a major repair and major $$$. I was told the rear brakes were fine and the front brakes would not be a major repair. They did a great job at a fair price and even fixed (no charge) a panel above the front wheel well that had popped out!  Highly recommended.
5 I hate writing reviews, but feel obligated to when I receive great service. Mr. Brake is one of those companies I couldn't leave hanging with no feedback.   Out of all the shops I received quotes from, this was the only one that seemed professional and trustworthy over the phone. With a fair-priced quote, I inquired about an appointment. They were able to squeeze me in within the hour, so I headed down to get my rear brake shoes replaced.  Before they get started, they have a look over the components to verify everything was indeed in need of being replaced or worked on. I really appreciated that, as most shops just try to get you in and out as soon as possible without really educating you as to what is actually going on with your car. I love it when they actually show you the parts. After I gave the nod to replace the shoes, the job was done and I had the keys in hand 30 minutes later. WOW!   While I was there, I asked about the cost of a brake fluid flush because Midas (lol) had recommended it, among other things... Mark performed the actual tests on the fluid (free of charge), rather than just looking at the color like these other jerk-offs around town. He said it wasn't really necessary and that I could probably wait another 30k miles. Talk about honesty...I'm a little bummed they only service brakes. I'd like to seem them more than once every 50k miles!  If you want top notch brake work done at a fair price, and by an honest guy, GO SEE MR. BRAKE! I GUARANTEE YOU WON'T REGRET IT!
5 Great, professional, no-pressure service. Mark was honest and did not try to pressure me into having unnecessary work done on my car. Felt very comfortable here and would definitely refer Mr. Brake to others as well as return myself for any future issues. Keep up the good work!!
5 Mr Brake squeezed me in on a busy afternoon, put my car on the rack and showed me a bad brake sensor instead of faulty brakes. quickly and for free.  They didn't change me anything, so I'm repaying the great service with a Yelp review.
4 Honest and professional. Anytime I need brake work I will be back.
1 I wish I had the service that everyone else was talking about.  Came in for my appt to find that the owner screwed up the quote for both the rear AND front suspension.  Took the mechanic all of 10 seconds to tell him it was wrong.  When I get the correct quote it was almost double the price he quoted me. He said that it was his fault for looking up wrong parts.  The problem with this statement? His UPDATED quote was a solid 30 % higher than quotes I had gotten from competitors.  Shop around.
5 I found Mr. Brake on Angie's List. After a runaround with several other brake mechanics, I finally found the help I needed at this shop. The mechanic spent time explaining not only what was going on with my brakes but how they generally work. The were prompt and I felt like I could finally trust the work that was being done.
5 Great service, on time, fair price and my brakes work again!
5 Went here to have my brakes check after being told by Just Brakes that needed to replace it. Turns out, don't need one.  Explained why didn't need it yet. Even showed me my brake pads.
5 I called Mark at Mr. Brake after reading so many nice reviews here on Yelp. He was extrememly nice and pleasant on the phone and made an appointment for me to come in even when he was already booked in the time slot because he understood my problem needed attention.  I was having trouble with a "hard brake pedal" and I needed a good diagnosis. I met Mark at my appointment time and he was incredibly nice and friendly. He had his mechanics check over my car thoroughly and he also did so himself! In all, they took it on 3 check rides because my problem was an intermitten one.  The diagnosis was completely free of charge and Mark went over all possible options and was willing to work with me. MARK WENT THE EXTRA MILE! I really felt he cared about me as a person and as a customer and wanted to do everything in his power to help me.  The price he quoted for replacing my "brake booster" was extremely reasonable and fair. But because my problem was deemed not to be overly serious at the moment, we decided to wait a while and possibly have the work done at a later date.  This is important because Mark did not pressure me into anything! He patiently listened to me and did what was best for me at that moment. I was so appreciative of that! When I drove off my mind was at ease!   The bottom line is that I will definitely go back and have him replace my front brake pads when needed and will also have the brake booster replaced as necessary.  Thank you Mark for being a true professional and putting your customers first!  HIGHLY RECOMMENED!!!!
5 Great guy with an amazing shop.  Quoted me for front and rear brakes just over $300 for parts and labor out the door.  After the initial inspection he took me in the shop and showed me my brakes. Although he advised me the rear brakes didn't need changing at the current moment I had him change them anyway.  After the 15 minute inspection it only took an hour and a half to do the job. The best part was that I paid exactly what he quoted me.  I would recommend this place to everybody and I plan on taking all my cars there.
5 Free Brake Inspections!  I really do not like it when something wrong happens to my car, mainly because I know nothing about fixing it myself. Since my car is not in working order, I've been borrowing my mothers car. Well, just with my luck, the brakes are going out, so I need to pay for it to get done. I spent almost a week calling around to different places getting quotes for brakes and most of them were outrageous. Finally I got on my trusty Yelp and started looking around. Mr Brake kept showing up, so I decided to give him a call. I asked how the Free Brake Inspection works and what the deal was. (Because everyone knows there is always a catch). Come to find out, you make an appointment for a Free Brake Check, and if you decide to get it done there, they'll do it, and if not, then you just leave. So as a last resort, I made the appointment.   I took my dad along afraid I was going to be dragged into changing out stuff that is stupid and unnecessary (since I've fallen for it numerous times before), and when we arrived was greeted by the owner of Mr. Brake. He happened to be the only one working at lunch time. He walked into the waiting area and asked both my father and I to follow him. He actually took us to the car and physically allowed us to see what exactly was wrong and what really needed changing and what could wait. He Answered all of our questions as truthfully as he could and The nice part, is he doesn't use any imported brakes from china, japan etc. - All american products. so you get what you pay for.   Since the car does have ABS brakes, it did cost just a little more. We got the back brakes done first and about two months later go the front brakes done. In all, all four brakes cost about $360. $180 for each session. Not a bad price and way cheaper than other places I inquired about.   This place is worth a shot, and very friendly. I recommend this place to everyone!
5 The best brake guy in las vegas. Honest reliable and truthfully the easiest person to deal with. Mark and his staff of mechanics are the most knowledgable people I know in his field. Super patient with people like myself who know absolutely know nothing about cars.   If you have rotor problems, suspension problems or any brake problems call Mark aka DR Brake!   My brakes were making a duh duh duh sound and i got it back sounding like new!
5 Mark must be the owner! He is an honest businessman who does what's right. Took my car there yesterday and I needed well over $1500 in just brakes and shock needs but he suggested we do only what was absolutely necessary for the moment. He didn't pressure me and I decided to piece meal it over time. My brakes are 100% better!
5 Mr. Brakes is great. Nice, honest walks you over to car and tells you what he is doing and why. Mark never pushes extra stuff you don't need.   Happy to go here for all my brake and suspension needs great shop!
5 My brakes are awesome....it was pricey compared to my other brake job at just brakes so the extra $200 I spent for quality was with it..thank you my car is driving great now
5 Usually I hate getting my car repaired by someone and I end up doing it myself. Since I live in a apartment with no garage, that's not an option for me unfortunately.  I took Yelp's advice and checked out Mr. Brake. I got my both my brakes and rotors done for a really great price and he did them in less than an hour. I knew that my brakes and rotors were really bad already, and the owner actually had me come out and showed me what was left on my rotors to assure me that what they were doing was really needed. The lady that was sitting next to me was getting her car checked out because of a noise she was hearing. The employee comes out and tells her there is nothing actually wrong with her brakes and sends her off. No charge. It's good that there are honest businesses out there.   Mr. Brake is awesome and I would highly reccomend to anyone looking to get their brakes/rotors done.
5 Just went to Mr. Brake and had a great experience. I called because of the good reviews I found on Yelp. I called this morning and he got me in right away. He had my brakes in stock and was able to do them in an hour. He could of told me all four needed done and I would of said ok do them but he told me I could wait a year on the back ones and probably could wait 2mo. on the front ones I chose do them right away because they were at 10% and I was already there. It is nice to find a repair place that doesn't try to upsale or sale you things before they are needed. Thanks Mark.
5 Best place in Las Vegas to get your brakes checked and worked on. The work is honest, they show you exactly what is wrong with your car... And this is the first time that I've gotten just 1 axle fixed (they told me my front brakes were good), as it seems other places ALWAYS find "something" wrong with something else. They showed me the standard minimum thickness for my rotors, and physically showed me that mine were too thin. They work by appointment, so everything was done in a timely manner (less than an hour)... And the price was HALF of what a "name brand" company quoted me. Needless to say, I was very pleased with the service, and definitely encourage everybody to get your brakes done here!
5 Not a big fan of car repair places, it always cost me more the I expect. I call Mr. Brake because it was close to the house. The owner said come down he would get me soon. After a few min. he took me to my truck show me what the problem was. Was less then I expected. Did the repair. Was very happy with them
5 First time there and I had a positive experience.  I'll be back again.
5 The last honest brake shop in Vegas. Straight shooting with no fluff. No attempts to add unneeded parts and services. Fast service.  One time I decided to not make the drive across town so I tried a nearby shop. Big mistake.  I asked them to put my car back together and drove straight to mr brake. I saved $200 dollars. I will always recommend this brake shop.
5 Couldn't agree more with all the other reviews. The owner has been servicing cars for over 35 years and absolutely knows his stuff. He was knowledgable, personable and trustworthy. I had my front and rear brakes replaced there and he was actively finding ways to save me money. Best prices in town hands town with great service. If you need brake or suspension work you need to come here.
5 Mr. Brake (Mark), the owner was such a great and honest guy I have to leave a review. I took my car in to get checked out because it kept squeaking. He took care of all the issues and personally showed me exactly what was wrong before he started working on my car. A few days later I kept hearing the same squeak so I called him and told him about it. He told me to bring the car back in and he would check out to see if he missed anything. He took it for a drive, but couldn't replicate the noise. He came back and asked to get more details. I tried to explain and he could tell i didn't want to leave like this. He told me to drive and he would ride passenger and listen for any noise. A couple minutes in I was able to replicate the noise and he immediately knew what it was.  Turns out something was wrong with the rear tire shoes so he quickly switched them out at no cost. Mark was such a great guy and really didn't try to sell me up on anything. Very professional and great service. Definitely go check them out for your brake service. Quotes and diagnosis is free.
5 My first review ever.  Mr. Brake is amazing.  I was in and out in 45 minutes without an appointment and my brakes are working great and I still have money in my wallet.  The owner was very nice and explained everything to me.  I will most definitely go back when I am in need of repair.  Mr. Brake you and your team are wonderful.
5 Don't even bother going anywhere else to get your brakes done. Do yourself a favor and just go to Mr. Brake. You won't regret it.
5 My entire family has been going to Mr. Brakes for decades. It is hands down the best brake shop in Vegas. They are honest, their work is exemplary, they use the best parts, and their prices are great. No one else compares!
5 Went to a few places to get quotes on brake pads and rotors and Mr. Brakes were not only the cheapest but didn't try to huddle me into new rotors.  I've heard from other shops, "you can't resurface European car rotors" and I'm assuming they do that to their clients for some extra profit or to hit their sales quota.  Whatever the case Mr. Brakes were honest, quick, and thorough.  I will recommend anyone that needs some brake issues to come to these guys.
5 I am 84 and have been retired from Ford Motor Company  for 30 years, after spending 30 years in several management positions, this past Friday (2-28-14), I had my 2008 Mercury Grand Marquis brakes serviced at Mr. Brake. I must say that the Owner/Manager and his Service Staff are the most honest and trustworthy people I have ever encountered at any service shop. I highly recommend that anyone needing brake service would be well served to have your work done at this location.  When I arrived, I was greeted by Bill, he immediately took my vehicle into the shop, checked out the problem, gave me a very reasonable estimate, made the required repairs on a very timely basis, gave me the final bill which was exactly as the  estimate, and I was on my way within an hour, it just does not get any better than at Mr Brake...  Russ D
5 I hate taking my car to a mechanic because of bad experience. We have been customers here for over ten years. My husband always took our cars to get serviced. This time I had to take my car since the break engine light came on.  When I arrived to Mr Brake they were closing up. I told the owner what my problem was. He went back in his shop got a tools, told me to open the hood and looked at my car filled it up with brake fluid and told me that I was ok to drive it but to come back in the morning so he can check the brakes. He didn't charge me anything just told me to come back. He could have told me. He was closed. To come back tomorrow. I really appreciated what he did for me. He is a very carrying and honest person. Next morning I was there. He worked on my car changed the back brakes. I was very happy by the way he treated me.  Thank you Mr Brake.
5 After being told by Tire Works that I needed new brakes and rotors for a total of $400, I decided to get a second opinion. I read all the great reviews about Mr. Brake and how honest they are, so I made an appointment for 11am. They were right on time and took my vehicle to have a look. The owner came back in 10 minutes and said I have at least another 20,000 miles to go on these brakes!!! Wow!! He even topped off my fluids for NO CHARGE! I gave him a $20 tip and was on my way in 15 minutes flat with a big smile on my face! I highly recommend this company and will tell all my friends about my great experience! Thank you Mr. Brake!
5 This is as good as it gets. The service, timing, and professionalism was spot on. I went in for an 11:00 apt and was out by 11:45 and paid $185 for front brakes out the door.  What impressed me the most was the feeling of comfort while you wait. There wasn't ever a time I thought "They are going to come and tell me something else is wrong and expensive".  The other amazing thing was an elderly man who came in about 15 minutes later. This man was told he needed a fluid flush by another store and they would cut him a deal at $300, he declined and wanted a second opinion because that was a lot of money. The tech did the test and explained to him that his fluid was fine, there was no need to flush it. The elderly man shook his hand and thanked him for his help.  That right there...is enough for me. I won't take my cars anywhere else.
5 Went to this shop after doing a quick search on Yelp. I thought I needed new brakes after a different shop gave me an estimate.  Turns out the problem was the tires. I appreciated the honest work and let the owner know that I would be back when It was really time for new brakes.
5 This shop usually operates on appointments only. However, I came in today really needing a front break job before hitting the road cross-country. They took me right in. They gave me a great price, changed my breaks and machined the rotors without delay. They didn't try to up charge me at all. GREAT PLACE with great customer service!!! Very impressed! Thanks again guys!
5 As professional as can be-I walked in, explained the issues I had with my brakes, and that I was the last person to work on them. My car was up on rack within 5 minutes of walking in the door. No crazy up-sell, they didn't treat me like I didn't know what I was talking about, and didn't talk down to me (being a female in a car shop). It was great to actually talk to mechanics who weren't trying to take advantage of the situation. In and out in an hour-these guys are the best!
5 My brakes were making this terrible rumbling noise for a few days, so I automatically looked up places to get brakes done, because I knew that my typical mechanic would overcharge me to death.  I found all the reviews for Mr. Brake to be amazing, so I decided to try it out. I called at 10a and they said they could take me at 11a that same day.  The minute I walked in, the smell reminded me of my grandpa's garage in California, and I was instantly comforted. I told them what my other mechanic said was wrong with my brakes, and he immediately went outside to check it out. I waited no more than ten minutes, and he brought me outside to see everything he was talking about. I needed alot of work done; my caliper and rotors were getting so hot, he was surprised they didn't start smoking on the way there.  The price for all the things he was doing to my car blew me away. My wallet didn't start crying like I expected it to, in fact, I was incredibly relieved. The owner is an incredibly sweet, professional man, and I will tell everybody I know to come here.
5 The owner is actually a family friend of mine. I send all my family and friends here. Great service everytime as well as honesty which is rare in Las Vegas. Excellent business to bring your repairs to.
5 I've been going to here for over 10 years and will NEVER go anyplace else! BEST SERVICE, BEST PRICES, & extremely HONEST! He will actually SHOW you what is wrong with your brakes and how they other components are still working! VERY FAST work too! He will also guesstimate how long the other pads or parts will still last. He is usually right.
5 These guys are so honest and trustworthy!  I had them check my brakes because I was convinced the place that had done them a few months prior (before I had discovered Mr. Brakes) hadn't done a good job or they gave me sub-quality brakes.  The mechanic checked my brakes FOR FREE and said they were properly installed and the ones that I was told I was purchasing.  I then sent my husband to have his brakes checked because we were told from the dealership that he would soon need new brakes.  The owner checked them out, again FOR FREE, and said they still had at least half use left on them.  Finally an honest mechanic!  When we finally do need new brakes we will definitely be coming back here.
