1 bad crowd. bad people. bad bartenders. bad atmosphere. Terrible food.  A crowd of wanna be tough guys, overly drunk locals, obnoxious owners, and horrible menu.  TO BE AVOIDED!
1 Hoo boy... if you're looking for the tool section Crowbar is for you.  Somewhere between a gas station and tattoo shop in a strip mall in northwest las vegas is where you'll find this magnet for fauxhawks and lower back tattoos.  I haven't been here in years and don't plan on changing that anytime soon.  Parking is not a problem, the venue is large enough and has the same selection of booze you'll find at any neighborhood bar.  However, it's the clientele that earns this place a lonely star.
4 This place is pretty decent if you want to just hang out in a relaxed atmosphere.  I don't know why the previous reviewers dislike the clientele so much because I've never really had a problem in here and everyone is super nice.  The nachos are definitely excellent so try those.  It's not going to be the same experience as going to a P.T.'s or Timbers but if you want something a little less corparate as far as hole in he wall bars go then try this place.
3 I've been a couple times. It's a bar. Nothing special really. It's not horrible and it's not the best. The music is loud enough to hear but quiet enough to talk over. Couple of pool tables, dart boards, TVs. Decent selection of beer and liquor, I don't drink anything fancy, so it has what I want. Not overly expensive, but there are cheaper places. They serve food, but I didn't want to pay $6 for a burger just to get a potentially crap burger, so I got chips and salsa for $3 and the chips were really good. Also tasted like they made them there, but the salsa was just a chunky ppico de gallo. If you're looking for a hole-in-the-wall bar it's not a bad place to go. Never had any issue with the staff or clientele, everyone seems to be pretty nice and looking to have a good night.
5 As far as local bars go this is one of a handful of worthwhile spots.  Good atmosphere which is not overly themed or empty.  The place has good bar food, pool tables, gaming, and arcade games.  Went on a random Wednesday.  Joe, the bartender, is personable and definitely a reason to come back.  They are open to throwing your parties here and my friend will be throwing birthday party in march which I will DJ.
5 This place reminds me of Cheers. The owners are very down to earth and freindly, bartenders are cherrful and fun and make you feel like you belong here. Food is FANTASTIC they have taco thursdays every week and the Salsa is homemade from scratch. Sundays they have a different Homemade soup that is great every week. On Sunday football day they have ALL games playing so you can always watch your team. Great specials during the game on food and drink. happy hour is great prices as well. T hey have alot of different events throughout the year and they make it fun to come here. In my opinion it is a great clientel, form 30 to 70 years old and no rowdy people or fighting, its not a club its a local bar. Please if you come by try the NACHOS they are the bomb, flour tortillas instead of corn, they are AWESOME!!  Also Friday and Saturday nights they have poker tournaments. cost is $5.00 to play and there are prizes at the end of tournament. Good times.
5 My favorite place outside of my house!! Check it out, youll understand why!!
4 So I attended an event that was being held here. And even though the reviews for this place are less than best, most of them are a few years old.   I was looking forward to coming because I am a dive bar kind of girl anyways. Invite me to your small local neighborhood bar has no pretentiousness to it and I am there.  Upon arrival the bar was modestly filled (at 7pm) but by the time I left (930pm) it was alive and had a nice crowd.  As an ex-smoker, I try not to be bothered by smoke but I am. And quite pleased to say I wasn't once bothered by it.  The staff here are friendly and make awesome drinks. They also have food here and it was shocking to me at how reasonable the pricing was. And my drink was good, so good. It wasn't too weak at all. I paid for a rum and coke and got a rum and coke.   The music played was a mix of Top 40 and I enjoyed most of the music that was played.  I would definitely come back to this place.
5 THE BEST NACHOS EVER!! A Must Try!! The chips are flour tortilla and they have the most delicious soft crunch ever!!!
5 Our new neighborhood bar! The bartender Chris was awesome and the place is very nice and big, definitely a hidden gem!!!
4 I'd been to Crowbar a few months ago to play darts with some friends, and I liked the bar then.  I want to say this was before my days of yelping all day long. lol  Last night, I went out there again for the Walking Dead viewing party, and let me tell you, it was a blast.  The bar itself is very clean, and very spacious.  They have the bar, several tables scattered around, a long bar/counter with seating, and then a few leather armchairs.   They had a special (and I'm not sure if its JUST for the Walking Dead parties or not) of $15 buckets of domestic beer.   5 beers for $15 isn't too shabby.   Also, the pizza was DELICIOUS.  I don't know if its because I was mildly intoxicated or if it was just really that good, but...it was GOOD.  A little greasy, but in my drunken state, that was JUST what I wanted.    The bar staff was nice, and the event was a lot of fun.  There was even Karate Karaoke after the Walking Dead, so that was fun too.  I love to sing, so in my eyes, you can't go wrong.    I'll be back next Sunday night for sure, with enough money for a bucket and pizza of my own. ;)
4 I've been to the Crowbar about ten times.  Here's a breakdown:  PROS: ---  Friendly bartenders ---  Pretty good Happy Hour:  3-7 M-F.  Draft beers $2 a pop  CONS: ---  It smells like feet in here.  Or moldy cheese.  One of the two.  You get used to the smell after a bit, but still. ---  It's really DARK in this bar.  It's like the bar Charles Bukowski (Mickey Rourke) frequented in "Barfly."  Everyone cringes when the front door opens because it's so damn bright outside compared to inside.  I think a lady was trying to make eye contact with me, but I couldn't tell for sure because I could hardly see her. ---  Smoky  VERDICT:  Despite the lack of lighting and the sometimes strange odor, I'll be stopping here fairly often.  I thought the bartenders and other customers were friendly, and it is a comfortable place to hang out and swill a few beers.
