5 This place has the best apples and cider I have ever tasted! The staff, including the owners, are all charming and cheerful. Definitely worth a visit (or several!)
5 My family has been going here since I was in pre-school, and they have always had delicious apples, fresh cider, candles, honey, and raspberries. Plus, they are family-owned and so friendly.
5 Just went here today with my husband and kids.  A lovely, peaceful orchard with a nice variety of pick-your-own apples at a very reasonable price ($1 per pound as of today).  They also have an impressive variety of pre-picked apples inside the store, including lots of interesting heirloom varieties (such as Ashmead's Kernel, which I had never heard of until today, but once I read the description I just couldn't leave without buying some).  They keep their website updated so that you know what's available that week.  The grounds are well-kept and the family that owns the orchard was very friendly.  I was bummed that they were all out of cider today, but that gives me a reason to come back!
3 I want to give you a 5.  But I just can't.  First of all, update your website.  It looks awful and it is hard to use.  This is 2013 and it looks awful.    Also, please label your stairs!  I took the rather steep, gravel hill during my first visit.  Had I known there were stairs, perhaps I could have saved myself a stumble.    I really loved the apples.  Let's put that out there.  The Jonagolds were delicious and the staff was great.  They answered my questions and they were very friendly.    The reason why they lost two stars was the lack of signs and ribbons on the trees.  Where can I pick?  What can I pick?  I am so confused.  More signs please, or bigger colors.  It was kind of annoying and tiring that I spent half the time just trying to find the rows I could pick.    Regardless of everything above, this is a great little orchard for a family or just a couple looking for some fun on a weekend afternoon. I loved that it was cute, accessible and close to home.  So try it out, I am sure you will fall in love with the friendly people.
