1 Don't join this service. And if you decide to use their "One on One" training, think again. It ruined my financially. The contract is extremely one sided and literally destroyed me financially. Mike Ferry is the devil and doesn't really care about his clients. He would stab them all if he knew he could gain 1 penny from them.   It's a lie and a hoax. Don't drink the punch. You will end up losing.   That is why he makes you sign a 1year agreement. He just wants your money and doesn't care about your success.
1 The company is a rouse!  Mike Ferry pays his sales staff a little above minimum wage...hourly.Some of these individuals have backgrounds like waitressing and internet gambling. Less than one percent are college educated!  Many clients request to get out of their coaching contracts because it DOES NOT WORK!!  It is a TOTALLY unprofessional business environment with male members of the call center sales team making BLATANT lude and sexual comments.  As a result, a formal complaint has been made with the EEO.
1 The company touts that they match their coaches. with the profiles of their clients. The ones whom they manage to trick into expensive, long term coaching contracts.  However, several of my colleagues have filed complaints about the coaches. When their telemarketing staff sell the coaching contracts, they emphasize. that Mike Ferry himself pairs the client with a coach that fits their learning profile, but they give you whom ever has room available on their schedule. That's a fact!!  In speaking a few internal employees, the company is experiencing financial problems which is one reason why they moved to Las Vegas from California.  Maybe if Mike Ferry and his family members pay their employees what they deserve and stop skimming money off the top, they would not have such significant turnover.  BUYER BEWARE!!
5 I met Mike Ferry Organization 23 years ago in real estate seminar.  I was very sorry that I didn't meet his organization from the start.  From that on I took all of his coaching for 20 years.  After his coaching my production increase rapidly.  He made me to believe that I can become mega agent even though English is not my mother tongue.  I work religiously and follow his schedule and learn scripts.  From that on until now, I sell more than 100 homes year every years for last 20 years. With out his coaching, I would not have a success in Real Estate.  He teaches you how to talk to seller and buyer, how to pre-qualify potential buyer and seller ( Do not waste time with people who are not ready yet to make decision)  and be honest with seller and buyer regarding a price and market. He also teaches how to run Real Estate Business like business. If all the realtor take his coaching, every realtor will make more money and spent more time with family.   His coaching is very important with people who are new in real estate. Recently I went to his seminar, Super Start retreat in Las Vegas.  I saw a lot of young and experience realtors are doing really well.  They are closing transaction numbers are incredible.  I was there with my team members, sisters and brother.  They are also in real estate.  We got all energized again and have a new goal for this year.  I am also training two you lad to become a mega agent some day. I am happy and strongly give my recommendation Mike Ferry Organization.  Without his organization, I am nobody in Real Estate community.  Thanks Mike.
1 Do Not give them your Money!  They make it seem like they will care about you and help you. They Don't! If you are unsatisfied, They don't care. I wrote Mike, the accounting Dept, and my coach and explained to them that I could no longer afford to eat because of his payments and that I needed to stop the coaching for a while till at least after my baby was born. I had been in the program for 4-5 months with no improvement or help from them. Be fair warned you will be paying $500 dollars an hour for them to check up on your transactions. A coach will call for thirty minutes a week. You will receive no support or  training, at least I didn't. I was told just study the scripts and make calls.   I asked to be released from the program and Mike Ferry personally wrote me and I quote "You can fulfill the contract by being on the coaching calls ... making the payments ... doing what thousands of other Realtors do with our coaching and succeed at a high level ... or you can choose to fight me which quite honesty you won't win. You'll multiply your problems if you choose to go that route, because then I will take legal action against you for doing that. You made the choice and, as they say, you've made your bed ... now you have to sleep in it."  Not exactly what I was expecting. Thanks for caring Mike. If anyone has any questions about my experience please feel free to call 505-603-2435. Leland ... PS. just got a copy of my "signed contract"  back from the MFO which was funny because I never signed anything with them, I could not believe my eyes! Someone had actually signed the contract and it was definitely NOT ME!
1 UPDATE    Its been two weeks now since I was told that they would get to the bottom of my signature being forged on the document. Initially they tried to tell me that it was an electronic signature. I've demanded proof and ISP addresses from them with no response. I have called numerous times and am not getting any answers but "we will have to call you back". Meanwhile they continue to try and draft money from my bank accounts.  BE VARY WARY!
1 UPDATE! Wow.... Today I received an email from Sabrina Ferry (Mikes wife) in it she states "although the IP address of the electric contract shows that your sales person assisted you with the completion of the contract" ," It does not change the fact that you have a contract". (assistance= forging my signature) Really? She goes on to state that If I do not make arrangements to pay them for the remainder of a year that they are going to send me to collections and pursue me legally. SO In the same email she admits that their organization forged my signature on a legally binding contact for their own profit, and then threatens to send me to collections,  and sue me? HMMMMMM........ I for one am astonished. I was at a Mike Ferry event where he was saying that all his neigh sayers are hiding behind anonymity on the internet. I am doing no such thing and would be happy to forward the email chain so you can judge for yourself.
1 All those people that claim Mike Ferry is hard ass about taking your money are right. He is old school flim flam man. Gets you to sign a contract and takes your blood. Stay away IMO.
5 I have been following Mike Ferry for years.. He tells it like it is.. if you follow the system it will work. If you sign up for coaching, you have to do what your coach asks of you.. It is a learning process and it takes time. you can't expect to sign up for coaching and expect a miracle. Especially if you are not spending a good amount of your time lead generating.. and being productive. Again, follow the system, be patient, remember listen to your coach, practice your scripts, surround yourself around other mike ferry agents.. I signed up for coaching last year and its helping me stay on schedule and most importantly be held accountable for what I want to accomplish... Hope this helps ...
5 Awesome training.  You need to do coaching to really immerse yourself in the material.
