3 Gas station that also has a McDonald's attached to it, parking is a little hectic at times because of this; it could also be a little bit cleaner, but I'm guessing with the extra foot traffic from the McDonald's it's hard to keep up.
4 what beats friendly gas attendants PLUS mcdonald's? nothing! gas + food in the desolate southwest Las Vegas area before hitting the freeway and easy access down blue diamond road.
3 Mickey Ds in a Gas Station. Need i say more??
5 I come to this station at least once a week.  Although I could make a stop anywhere, this is my favorite. The main reason is the staff!!  They are always busy, but still give great service not rushing you!  There are 2 employees that are my favs-John and Wilbert. No matter if I'm having a bad day, I still walk out of there with a smile!  Love this place and employees even more!!
4 There's not much to say about your typical gas station but this one is fine. It's always packed and the prices are never the lowest in town (heck, you can find cheaper gas less than half a mile down the street) but it's on a busy corner, has 2 Redbox machines, sells fresh Krispy Kreme donuts and is attached to a McDonald's with a drive-thru. The station sells Chevron gas and they will take your Vons shopper's card for a gas discount -- you can save up to 20 cents off per gallon.
2 Gas light on!! Get gas now!!   We pulled in and I decided to pay inside and grab some water as well. There was a long line but I thought they were just busy. I realized that their computer system was down, hence the long line to pay. I get technology sucks sometimes. Instead of staying calm and reassuring the customers that everything is being taken care of, the guy behind the counter was clearly getting frustrated. He was rubbing his face in panic, making exasperated noises and slamming his hands down on the counter. Like I said, I get technology sucks, but stay calm. Showing frustration just makes the customers frustrated and they end up leaving, which is exactly what I did. Advice to management, teach your employees stress management. It goes a long way.
