3 Madison's boating and yachting community know this as a traditional old spot on the north shore of Lake Mendota east of Waunakee.  Good fish fry and interesting decor.
1 Summer brunches at this restuarant can be really hit or miss.  Specifically, the outdoor seating can make brunch unbearable.  We went on a hot humid August morning, and our brunch was full of flies and mosquitoes.  The humidity wasn't any better.  The outdoor seating did allow an interesting view of boaters coming up the Yahara, parking, and eating.    As for the food, it was a pretty standard brunch, nothing special.  Lots of pastries and cakes, but nothing spectacular.  Also, hit this place once for a snack and got some gator-bites, which were deep fried alligator.  Nothing special, just real chewy deep fried meat.
1 Grade: Pure Evil  The blood or mysterious "red crust" on the beer bottles was a real bad sign...
3 Had an incredible bowl of Clam Chowder -- holy crap it was good! They didn't cut any corners on this soup as it was rich as Donald Trump. I also had the Prime Rib -- which I've only once enjoyed out of the dozen times I've ordered it anywhere (I might as well stop ordering it) -- and it was nothing to crow about. A huge piece of meat made medium rare with minimal flavor and a large quantity of fat. However, the clam chowder was INCREDIBLE! WOW! Structurally, a great rectangular bar with cute nude brass mermaids set in it. Also, a nice salt water fish tank on display.  Interestingly, the salads came with a small container of cookie dough. I don't get the gimmick, but my wife liked it.
1 Location is 4 stars...the food and drink 1 star. One of the only places on the water in Madison (technically Westport) the location is great in the summer BUT.....the only reason this place stays in business is because of the location and because they close during the winter with the exception of weekends. The food is not good and over priced, the mixed drinks are weak. It is only worth going to drink beer and wine because you  know what you are going to get. It is a real shame because the location is prime it just seems that they are relying on that and not the food or drinks
4 Great location and nice staff. Regular food is pretty good, but their brunch is awesome!! Make sure to save room for the cookie dough!!
1 Went for the Sunday brunch.  Wide assortment of items but quality lacking.  Bacon and prime rib overcooked.  Many items seemed to be out of the box and not home made.  We questioned if it was clam chowder or sausage gravy.  Don't ask what's in the eggs continental.    Eggs Benedict were decent.
3 This joint earns an extra star from me because I could bring the dog.  Food was okay.  The baby walleye sandwich was dominated by the bread and I lost the taste of the fish.  Cheese curds were very good but really, how can you screw up deep fried cheese?  Not memorable and I sort of wished that I had waited to eat at the Madison Mallards baseball game.
5 Me and My Husband love this place, we love the Sunday brunch.. and have a great time going to dinner there, sitting outside by the water!! Great Drinks and Fish Fry!!!!
4 I was home in Madison visiting my parents had a very nice time at Nau-Ti-Gal.  We were able to enjoy the outside seating which was very nice.  Many people in boats pulled up to have dinner.  The entertainment wasn't that great, but it was easy to ignore.  It was some singer and guitar player who were kind of blah.  The food though was great.  Very Wisconsin and when I return to Wisconsin I have a craving for very Wisconsin food, unhealthy as it is.  Parents each had some sandwich that they enjoyed.  I had some fried fish thing with clam chowder which I enjoyed very much.  The staff that work there are very young but very nice and responsive.
1 Woah. Have not had that bad of an experience in a restaurant ever. Where to start??  Besides the bar staff, it was abominable. The whole wait staff seemed to be high schoolers that just don't care. It took forever to get service and order then we waited over an hour for our food. Not once did our server let us know what was happening or apologize.  When the food came it was ok, we were disappointed there was no fish special since it was Friday. The haddock had good flavor but was soggy. We were so hungry from the wait though that we didn't dare complain- maybe that's what they hope for. When we were leaving we asked to talk to the manager. She came up and was instantly on the defensive- again, not apologetic. She didn't own up to the bad service or problems they have in the kitchen and continued to FIGHT us on it. She was one of the rudest people I have ever dealt with, let alone a manager in the service industry whose job it is to smooth things over and make people happy. Needless to say we will never return.
4 Let's cut to the chase: food, drink, environment, band, and volleyball  I loved my chicken stuffed seafood with hollandaise. Seafood salad was good but wasn't anything to write home about. There was a salmon salad someone ordered at the table, but it didn't come with a dressing and really could have used more flavor.   The blueberry lemonade, which was $4, was a favorite of my friends. I tend not to like those flavors, but after three beers I enjoyed the contrast.   The environment is worth the trip outside Madison. If you live on the water you can ride up on a boat. They have piers for guests.   The band was really good for a Thursday.   They have a sand volleyball court, so perhaps they have competitive leagues.
2 The fish is only ok. We went on a Sunday during brunch hours and the brunch looked ok, but it was far to expensive for what you appeared to get. The restaurant has a nice view, especially if you haven't been on this side of the lake.
2 I had a gift certificate for one free brunch so I went there with my mother (who happens to live across the street) one recent Sunday morning. There were very few people in the restaurant, probably because it was the Sunday after Thanksgiving. We were seated right away but it took a while for a server to come to our table. It really wasn't a big deal since it's a self-serve buffet after all, but we flagged down the manager because we had a question.   Although the brunch is quite extensive, it is rather pricey at $16. Since my mother is a little older now, she doesn't eat a lot so we politely asked if she could just have a muffin or something small from the buffet and pay a reduced price instead of being charged for a full brunch. This manager (I didn't get her name) picked up the gift certificate and seemed perturbed by the very question! We heard an inaudible remark as she read it over, making it blatantly obvious she DID NOT want to accommodate this simple request. She reluctantly gave in and then walked away as if she was pissed that she agreed to it.   Whatever her name, this so-called manager definitely does NOT belong in hospitality, much less in charge of a popular water-front restaurant! She only smiles when you are greeted, but otherwise has a general rough, hardened look to her. As I ate my meal, she made it a point to check our table to make sure my mother wasn't getting more that just a muffin as agreed-- (oh no!!) On top of that, they TAXED my FREE gift certificate! What a lousy way to treat your customers and such stingy business practices!
5 Stopped by to taste their Restaurant Week dinner.  I had the salmon, my friend had the steak and lobster.  Steak was a bit hard to chew and cut, but otherwise the food was great, staff was great, atmosphere was wonderful.  Looking forward to going back for a shrimp boil!
1 Eek!  Methinks not indeed.  I'm not one to throw out one star reviews lightly, but my recent dining experience at Nau-Ti-Gal really left me with no choice.  It was the perfect storm of lackadaisical service, cheesy decor and a complete and utter lack of want by the kitchen.  As I was dieting at the time, I decide to go with the seafood salad, since the restaurant has a nautical theme and the menu exclaimed the dish as the "Best seafood salad around!".  A simple dish for a restaurant that proclaims the use of "fresh and local ingredients" on their website.  What I received was a sad plate of wilted iceberg lettuce with a couple cherry tomatoes and some chunks of hard-boiled eggs tossed in.  The seafood component of the meal was just as craptastic, an overdressed mix of tiny, canned shrimp and canned crab meat that the family cat won't touch.  Just an utter fail from a kitchen that apparently takes no pride in what it serves.  The only positive I can come up with is that I didn't wreck my diet that night as I barely touched my meal.  My wife suffered a similar fate with her chicken salad.  It had the same sorry looking greens topped with bland, overcooked strips of chicken breast meat.  Again a simple dish that can be great with fresh, well prepared ingredients, but the kitchen failed to deliver.  Service was sporadic for our group of 20 on a slow Thursday night at the restaurant.  Wait times were long for both our drinks and food.   Our server wasn't real helpful when looking for entree recommendations and I was disappointed that our server never checked in to see how our meals were.  Our group as able to get separate checks, so there's a small positive.  Cost for this forgettable experience was $35 for two salads, drinks and a mandatory tip.  The waterfront location makes this restaurant a potential gem.  It's too bad the owners have failed to capitalize on that potential.
3 It's a bit out of my way than I would have liked, but that's something I can deal with.  The location is pretty nice, but watch out for outside seating + summer days. That's going to lead to a loooooooot of mosquito bites.   Anyways, came here with a bunch of people for restaurant week, and got their 3-course meal deal.  I got their clam chowder, surf & turf and brownie sundae.  The clam chowder was very rich and creamy, with a ton of flavor. Definitely my favorite dish.  The surf & turf was pretty good, though the waitress messed up our orders, and I ended up with medium well instead of medium rare. The steak was tough, but it was very tasty. The lobster was well seasoned and juicy, but the butter was a bit too oily for me. I also really enjoyed the garlic mashed potatoes that came on the side.  I didn't try too much of the sundae, since I was extremely full by the time it came to dessert, but from the few bites I've had; it was extremely rich and sweet.  It was probably a bit too heavy for a dessert option, but oh well.  The food was good and the location was ok, so why the 3 stars? Well, our service wasn't the greatest. I realize our waitress was new, but that's no excuse for messed orders and delayed service. One of my friends didn't get her drink until 20 minutes later.   Buuut seeing as I'm a nice person, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and come back next time for a redemption meal :)
3 The restaurant looks like a converted lakefront house, which offers a fantastic view of the docks in the area (it would have been awesome if it wasn't pouring during half of our meal). Our group of eight sat in the outdoor seating area under the awning, and was able to enjoy the warm weather and the view until the sun set (and the mosquitos started attacking).  As part of the Restaurant Week deal, I ordered the clam chowder, the surf and turf, and the rocky road brownie sundae.   The clam chowder was super rich and chock full of clams, but it was a little tooooo thick for my liking. Definitely felt a little like drinking gravy - as someone mentioned below. Still, I thought it was super cute that they served the chowder in a mug. Classic!  As for the steak, I ordered it medium well, which got a few weird stares from my dining companions, but I like my meat cooked! The steak did end up being a little too tough and hard to chew, but at least it wasn't bleeding all over the place. Definitely nothing spectacular about the steak here though - I'd suggest ordering some sort of seafood instead. The lobster tail was phenomenal, and totally made up for the mediocrity of the steak. It was well-seasoned and tasted fresh, which, given the restaurant's location in the Midwest, was a nice surprise.  The sundae was served super melted, which made it a lot less appetizing...It was also a little too heavy and too sweet to end the meal with. I ate a portion of the brownie, salvaged what I could of the ice cream, and sat back and waited for the check.  Service was suuperrr slow and I don't think it was because it was only our waitress' first day on the job. The other servers didn't seem particularly accommodating either, and spent a lot of their time joking and messing around with each other. Our waitress gave us each $10 coupons at the end of our meal that we could use another time. I don't know if it was some sort of promotion that they were offering everyone or if it was her way of apologizing for the lackadaisical service. Who knows.  For the $25 price tag, the starter/entree/dessert Restaurant Week combo was a great way to sample the menu. Now that I have though, I don't think I'll be back.
3 Had Easter Brunch here today.  We had a 1:45 Reservation and we arrived at 1:30.  When we arrived I walked around to check out the buffet.  This is not your normal buffet.  It is set up in the bar and booths around the bar.  We were seated in a small room and our server stopped and explained the Buffet and got our drink order.  I ordered a Bloody Mary (more on that later).  We went and got our plates off the booth seat (Really?)  and ordered omelets from the Omelet bar.  There were wonderful.  My wife liked these French fry things that they had.  The French Toast was good as well.  The Prime Rib was too rare for our tastes and the Peel and Eat shrimp was peppery.    Overall the food was good, but I am not sure we would go back for brunch.  Pretty expensive at $26/person.  Back to the Bloody Mary.  I think it had a tablespoon of Celery salt and too much Worcestershire Sauce.  I guess according to the server they make their own Bloody Mary mix.  They can keep it if you ask me.  I would have comped the drink as I informed the server that it was to my liking and I didn't drink that much of it, but that's just me.  I should have returned it.  IN her defense she did ask me if I wanted something else, but I am not sure if I would have had to pay for it or it would have been instead of?  Overall an OK experience, but as stated before, I am not sure I would return for brunch.
1 Nauti-gal needs to get back to basics. Thoroughly clean the restaurant and focus on fresh, consistent, good quality food. The food is currently pretty nasty and not fresh at all. The atmosphere is pretty grungy, and the wait staff is surly. Not worth it. I won't be back.
1 Great location, very dated, friendly slow staff, awful food!  All frozen or canned food here. Wife ordered a walleye sandwich...fish fillet from McDs is better. I ordered the seafood wrap with crab meat...how about no all inside was tuna and acidic watery mayo. Stay away....you've been warned!
2 I hate to have to leave this poor review, but I must. We have been frequent patrons of the Nauti-Gal when we are in Madison for long weekends, and have always been treated just fine. Well, we returned this past weekend, just for drinks on Friday night and dinner on Saturday. They were "busy" from the sounds of the employees. Yes there was a crowd there, but I have worked for a facility where fewer employees have handled a crowd much larger. Also, they should train their employees not to blame slow service on other staff. I heard, from three different members of the wait staff, "I am sorry for the wait, the kitchen is so slow." Or, from our particular waiter, "geez, 45 minutes later. Sorry." Our meal was actually delicious, drinks were great, and I highly recommend the pub chips...the tangy sauce is to die for.   When it came time to pay, our waiter (a fairly newer employee, tall, thin and darker skin, working the outside bar) dropped our check off and said he would be right back. A good 15-20 passed and nothing. My husband became irritated and went up to the bar with the check to pay, since we obviously weren't getting anywhere by waiting.  The other bartender (shorter gentleman, with a buzzed or bald head) stated "oh you wanna pay? You have to wait for your waiter."  He completely turned us away. So as my husband walks back over to me, he says "I'll just take it inside." As he attempted to go up the stairs, that bald gentleman said "here I'll take it."  As he was waiting, our actual waiter came back behind the bar and the other bartender said "hey, did you have this gentleman?" He responded "no." The bald one says "oh well thy had this....and this...." His reply, "nope not me." Without even looking at us! So very rude!!  Completely different service than what we had Friday night, at the inside bar! They were polite, not over friendly or social, but very efficient!! We didn't have to wait on drinks, they were ready when we were!  Sad to say, not sure we will be returning when we come back in a few weeks. It's a shame, but it seems like the service is slipping. My recommendation to you, maybe not have so many "newer" employees on the same shift, on a busy Saturday evening. It was so obvious that they were way too overwhelmed.
1 DO NOT EAT HERE!!! This was without question the worst meal that I have had at a restaurant. I can see going there for a drink as it has a pretty outdoor area, however the food is GARBAGE. We ordered the "customers favorite" Baby Walleye fish and iit was almost entirely breading with a little bit of tough and clearly frozen fish.  The service was also terrible.  We ordered salads, appatizers and entres and all were brought out at the same time. The waiter had to be reminded that a salad came with the dinner. When the meal ended, I had hardly eaten any of the food on my plate and not only did the waiter never ask if everything was okay, he didn't offer a doggy bag or ask if something was wrong with the food.  Dinner for 2 was over $50 despite the fact that I could buy better fish in the frozen children's food section of a grocery store.  DO NOT EAT HERE...IT WAS AWFUL!
