5 There isnt a better mechanic in the area.  Dan is the man!
5 Had a Top End handcycle repaired here after it had sat in the weather for two seasons, they fixed it up perfectly - replaced a nonstandard chain, trued up the wheels and replaced skins, and even fixed a failing shimano shifter that had been badly abused to the point where it's working fine now after two more years. Total cost was very reasonable for what I needed done, I would definitely use their services again.
5 I was thrilled to discover this shop - the folks are friendly, the prices are consistent with what you'll find at other shops, and their service is extremely helpful and professional.  They appear to have a decent selection of bikes; finding a model and size that's right for you shouldn't be a problem.  They're primarily a Specialized vendor, so if you're looking for a Specialized bike, they'll have what you need.  I've purchased a few sets of Armadillo Elite tires from them, fenders, and other accessories - they've always had what I was looking for, and were happy to offer advice and suggestions for installation/adjustment.  Thankfully (knocking on wood), I've not had to perform any major service work on any of my bikes... but when the time comes, I'll be taking them to Atkins.  Summary: great people, great shop, great selection of accessories, parts, and bikes.  You can't go wrong.  I'd definitely visit these guys before heading over to the likes of Erik's.  Just my $0.02.
5 I took a glorious swan dive off my bike on a trail in Verona, which resulted in a completely bloody right side of my body, a torn jersey, and some ghost shifting in the middle of the cartridge on my new Trek. Thankfully, I bit it only a few blocks from Atkins'. I came in, and the initial mechanic first asked me if I was okay. She then took a brief look at my bike, and turned it over to Mike. Mike did a thorough job looking over the gears, the spokes, the cartridge, and all other components. Thankfully, he found no damage to the bike from the spill. Furthermore, he gave the bike a minor tuneup on the spot. When I left the shop, it rode better than before! These guys are incredibly professional, value customer service, and see like really decent people. I don't live in the Madison area anymore but if I did, I would definitely bike to Verona to get my tuneups because if these guys.
5 I am visiting the area from out of town. We come back once a year.  I'm borrowing a friends bike and her back tire disintegrated as I was pumping it up. Thankfully not while I was riding it! I wanted to replace the tire but did not want to spend a lot of money. I called a few shops in the area and Atkins had the best prices on tires. Plus Dan (the owner) is about as sparkly as they get. He radiates joy -- definitely loves his business. The shop has a good vibe.
5 I've had the mechanics at Atkins do major and minor work on my 15-year old Cannondale over the past 3 years, as well as 2 kids' bikes. I also bought a Specialized bike here.  Dan, the owner, his daughter, and several mechanics/employees have consistently been prompt, professional, friendly and competent in customer service and quality of work. I love to see their dog Honey at the shop - the gentlest and sweetest dog I've ever met.  The prices have always been reasonable and true to estimate. And I learn something new about bike maintenance or technique every time I visit.  I really like this shop. There's a real peace of mind in seeing a genuine, honest business in a small town, staffed by welcoming and hardworking people doing something they clearly love to do. I feel so confident in the knowledge base, mechanical expertise and professional honesty of the Atkins owner and staff, I would recommend them to anyone.
5 I have had really good experiences with Atkins Cycle.  From having wheels built to ordering odd items and service these folks are the BEST.  Dan, Glen, Mike and everyone here love and are good at what they do.  On top of all of that, the value they provide is better than I have experienced anywhere.  I love my four bikes and the crew at Atkins helps me keep them ready for riding 12 months out of the year.  I can't thank them enough.
5 My husband and I recently traded in our bikes for new Specialized bikes at Atkins.  I think that is the only brand they carry for new bikes.  Atkins'  honored the sales price of a local competitor which I appreciated.  We weren't really in the market for new bikes, but it was time to take our used bikes in for a tune up.  They were originally purchased used at Budget but I didn't want to have to haul them back and forth from Fitchburg so I thought I would look for a more local shop.  Besides, I like to support smaller businesses as long as they are worthy of my support.  Doing my research, I was impressed with all the Yelp comments praising Atkins that had been written within the past year.  Atkins' tune up prices are similar to Budget's, but the big plus -  in addition to the Yelp reviews - that put them over the top for me was the fact that the Atkins' tune up included a power wash.  Our trail bikes were plenty dirty and they looked like new afterward.  Dan, the owner, said that he has owned the Verona store for over 30 years and the business is obviously thriving. . It's obvious that he loves his work, customers and biking.  This totally makes sense when you learn that his dad and grandfather ran one of the largest Schwinn stores from the family bike store on Monroe street when he was growing up.   This is just the kind of small family run business that is a true gem.  You know you are in good hands when you see the team's attention to detail when they are working on bikes. Very professional.   Hey, even his daughters get work at the shop and get totally into the gears and know their stuff.  An added bonus is getting to feel the "love" from  the gentle shop mascot, Honey, the dog, while waiting for your bike.  Great store, great people, great service.  Now if only the weather would cooperate so we can get on the trails!
