2 We drove to a remote part of Las Vegas because we had a coupon for Buy One Entree, Get One Free -- this coupon was from the Entertainment Book, sold annually, with hundreds of participating restaurants and other businesses offering great discounts.   When we finally arrived at the restaurant, we were starving -- we hadn't realized how far away this place was.  We entered this hole-in-the wall Chinese place -- at first, it seems just like a "fast-food" style order at the counter restaurant, but they had several tables available, and we were told to take a seat if we were dining in.  We were promptly greeted by a young woman, who told us that the coupon we had wasn't going to work, as they didn't have a contract with the Entertainment Book people --- we had just driven half an hour to try this place out, and they weren't going to honor our coupon!  Bleh!  They did offer a 10% discount, however, so we decided to stay, as we were really hungry.  How disappointing, however, for them not to honor a valid coupon with their name on it, that hadn't expired.  Poor business practice!  On the plus side, they had good prices, good portion sizes -- however they offered table service, yet served everything on styrofoam plates. I don't mind eating off of styrofoam, but if you're going to offer table service, go to the dollar store and buy some cheap real plates to serve your customers on!!!    The food would get a 3.75 stars, but their customer service (in not accepting the coupon) rates them a 1 star -- we would never go back to a business that does something like this, and wouldn't recommend it to anybody else either.
3 Ordered the Combination Lo Mein ($6.95) and Moo Goo Gai Pan ($8.15). Lo Mein was tasty, although kind of dark and on the salty side. Perhaps too much soy sauce? The Moo Goo Gai Pan was very tasty and seasoned just right! Had to wait a long time for our food, though. Guess they had a lot of orders before mine.
5 I don't know whats going on with these bad reviews but this place is great! I just moved into the area and my boyfriend and I are experimenting with different places to eat. They are located close to where we live, so we gave this place a try as I used to work at a chinese food resturaunt and always have an appetite for something chinese. They have a ton to choose from on the menu, they are prompt with their attentions to the customer and all the employees are very nice. We ordered our food, and although it was a little bit of a wait (i'd rather have quality food than fast food) it was well worth it. Most chinese places charge the same for al la carte, but our meals (we ordered the half portion) came with rice. We ordered the monogolian beef (spicy and spectacular), cashew shrimp, and chicken lo mein. The prices arent that high at all for what you get as portions were bigger than we expected and we have leftovers for today. Everything was flavored just right and they include calories per serving on the menu for those who want to be healthy. The inside is not all dressed up, they only have a few tables, so I wouldnt go in expecting a five star resturaunt in San Fransico's China Town, but I would say if you like authentic Chinese food you should check this place out.
1 Everything about this place was terrible. It was 90 degrees inside and smelled like old grease. The woman behind the counter was down right rude to my wife when she asked about portion sizes. I ordered szechuan beef. It was inedible. They turned it into deep fried beef jerky. TERRIBLE. I don't write TERRIBLE very often about restaurants, but there is no getting around it. It was TERRIBLE. The other diners in our party had somewhat better food, but the egg drop soup smelled like CAT PISS and the huge piles of white rice that came with every order were ridiculous. Why not give us less, but make it better. I will never go again and advise you to avoid.
5 Small little place great food!!
3 Solid Chinese food at a fair price.  Right down the street and they deliver, too.
5 Great food and fast delivery! I'll definitely be eating here again.
2 Didn't understand I wanted the lunch special and not the lunch plate. Mostly vegetables in the Kungpow chicken. Place is run down. Large portions.
4 My family and i think this is a wonderful restaurant.  The people there are always so friendly, and the delivery service is amazingly quick.  We ordered 6 entrees tonite and the driver was here in 15 minutes.  The food was as delicious as always and hot!
4 We recently moved into the neighborhood and decided to give this place a try. Since my husband is a picky eater, I decided to order take out in person for the first time. Service was friendly and efficient. Good knowledge of the menu and answered my questions nicely. Unfortunately, I didn't catch his name. Very helpful with special orders. Everything was fast, fresh, tasty, and most importantly, correct. We will be back and we are looking forward to trying the delivery.
5 This place is great. I found them via Eat24. Since my first order, I've had no complaints (other than when they ran out of my drink :( ) But otherwise, all blue skies!! It took a while to get my past order, but no complaints. The food tastes amazing and authentic. And in my recent order, they even added an extra egg roll, a crab rangoon, egg drop soup, and another fortune cookie! Talk about good fortune! How awesome are these guys? Pretty dang awesometastic!  Keep it up, Heather G
5 Delicious.....definitely a hidden gem. They really should move closer to the strip. Tourist it's worth the drive :-)
4 Decent food. Big portions, always within the time they give (about 50 minutes). They never give utensils but thats fine. Ordered here plenty of times.
4 WOW...What a find!  I just didnt feel like cooking so I went online  for delivery.  We got Orange chicken (enough for 3 people)  an order of Lo Mein (again, enough for 3 people)  Egg flower soup, fried rice (yup, enough for 3) egg rolls.......And every single thing was so tasty.  It all tasted so fresh and it arrived hot and ready to eat...which we sure did.  So the 3 of us ate and had left overs for $25.    Oh and Eat 24 said delivery would take about an hour, but it arrived in 30 minutes.  Will definitely order again.....Off to eat my fortune cookie with a hot cup of tea........Happy Eating All !
