5 Oh Clary's!  For only $.99....I can get a me-sized "sampler" bag of popcorn.  My favorite is the lite oil/salt.....it's perfect...and healthy.  There are always samples of popcorn to try, so I make sure to sneak a handful of the kettle corn and cinnamon popcorn.  The thing that makes this place truly exceptional is the owner himself.  He always has a genuine smile for me and know exactly what I am going to order as soon as i walked in.  When I walked in after break, he told me he missed my smiling face while I was home for the holidays.  Love him, love the store.  5 big smiley stars!
2 I used to work on State Street and would have loved to get a little bag of popcorn for my bus ride home, but every time I went down to Clary's it was never open - didn't matter what time of day, what day, or the weather.  Hours weren't posted, and sometimes the sign said open but there was a note saying be back in 5 minutes....I would wait, and eventually have to leave to get my bus.  When we could get in I would rave to the owner about his popcorn, and he was generally disinterested.  I finally moved my popcorn urge on down the road to Vic's, where they're not only open for business, but also give free samples.
4 Walking along state street on a beautiful sunny(and unseasonably warm) Wednesday, I had the pleasure of deciding between Vics and Clarys popcorn. I read the reviews and decided to try Clary's . Immediately upon entering, you could tell what set Clary's apart was the staff. Offering samples and delivering a surprisingly fresh product, the man behind the counter went above and beyond my expectations of this little popcorn shop on State St.   I decided to go with butter, a little brewers yeast, and a spicy chili style seasoning. With a pop, candy for my son and a small tip I was out the door spending only $5!   I would recommend Clary's to everyone.. It takes me back to making popcorn with my mom and dad as a little kid.
4 i fell in love with vic's last year, but it has a real tough competitor right down the road.  i mean, it's delicious.  plain, unbuttered - i could eat the whole thing.  plus, it was freshly made and you can smell it all the way down the damn street, everytime you pass by.
1 Bought 3 bags of pop corn (2 flavored, one kettle) and a bag of corn to pop.  The flavored ones taste like candy, which is Ok because that's what the kids wanted.  The large bag of kettle corn was contaminated with something.  It tasted like cleaner, or detergent.  Maybe the equipment they used to make it was washed and not rinsed properly.  We really wanted to like this corn so we tested from different parts of the bag.  The kernels had varying degrees of residue but they all had it.
