4 Everyone's least favorite place to drop $300+ twice a year on text books. Nonetheless, I dig this place, because they consistently have way cheaper office/school supplies than Walgreens.  Additionally they carry a stellar selection of date books and art supplies. (not sure how reasonably priced the art supplies are) Also, the upstairs book store is extremely convenient when you need to get that last minute travel guide for your last minute vacation. (or gifts) On the reverse side, all of their UW gear (sweatshirts, water bottles, etc etc) might as well be purchased at Steve & Barry's for half the price.
4 Great selection of all the UWM stuff you didn't know you needed.  Helpful people willing to call around for another size when your uncle from out of town is desperate for a shirt he can wear to the office.  Things are a little pricey but they have a great selection.
5 I could spend all day in the UW bookstore (and have come close before!).   In addition to textbooks and everything-you-ever-wanted-with-Bucky-the-Badger-on-it, they have a great selection of art supplies, pens, and random cool gift things. I love trying out all of the pens. It used to be one of my favorite things to do when a new semester would start. I would reward myself with new pens for surviving the hell that is textbook purchasing.  The bookstore also has a great selection of used books for cheap. So now I can buy back all those books I wished I hadn't sold back to the bookstore to buy ramen.
4 UBS is key to college survival; they pretty much have everything you would need in the way of textbooks, school/office supplies, badger gear, and probably stuff you didn't know you needed but upon sight, know that it should be yours.  Some textbooks can be found for cheaper at other local places, and of course online shopping is always cheaper, but UBS typically has course lists of materials which you can have sent to you, put on reserve in store, or simply show up and grab what you need.  I've always found the staff to be really helpful during the rush at the start of the semester, which makes everyone's lives a lot easier.  Located in Library Mall, UBS is definitely convenient, and is great to shop for gifts for anyone really.   The prices aren't as low as they could be, but that is to be expected by a local store who pretty much owns the college population.
4 The Bookstore has arguably the best selection of Badger attire/memorabilia in the State Street neighborhood. There's a mix of higher-end athletic brands (think Under Armour, Adidas, etc) with really affordable, collectible clothes. The sales can be pretty good, too. Check their website for coupons before heading down there, there's often a coupon for clothing items that you can print and use for a small discount.  As for textbooks - in my experience, the Bookstore has never been a particular bargain destination. They're not particularly well-known for great buy-back offers, either. Part of the textbook business, I suppose.  It's very easy to find cheaper textbooks from online sellers or even other bookstores on State Street. Look elsewhere before you buy if you're interested in saving money.
1 The bookstore is, without a doubt, the most corporate bookstore in all of Madison. I'd even go so far as to label it a "big brother" entity. The benefits of their return policy end within the first month of the semester.   I had the ink for my printer cartridge refilled, only to experience problems with it the very next day.   Sometimes a student is left with no other choice, but I'd recommend any other route available, as far as buying books are concerned.   Buying books online is not only cheaper, it's also worth the wait.
2 Good stuff in here but expensive. Go up State Street and find t shirts, hats, etc on sale.
2 The only pluses I have for the University Bookstore are (1) it's location is basically on campus and (2) it has an extensive supply of Badger gear.  However, it's a bit pricey. You can easily find Badger gear (especially tshirts) elsewhere on State Street for cheaper. As an art student, I buy a lot of art supplies, and the bookstore's selection is decent, but pricier than other stores. You can find textbooks for cheaper in other places, too. Also, I've had a couple bad customer service experiences with a few of the full-time employees.  Basically, unless you're really just looking for the most convenient option, you can find what you need somewhere else for cheaper.
1 bloody place. I got an used English text book there. in the beginning of the next semester, I tried to sell it back. the first staff there told me I could get 4 some buck s if I could erase all the marks written inside. Well, all the marks were there when I bought it here. if they require every costumer to erase stuff they wrote before they sell the book, how come I got the book with marks in it. Now they require me to do this. f* ck that erase the whole book for only 4 dollars!   so i left at once since I had other stuff to do. Secondly,when I came back to the book store again some hours later to see if I could argue with them. this time, it was another staff there. he told me I could get 2 dollars at most since it was an old edition. F*ck that as well!  is it a private business run by individual staff there? I don't think they have a same standard to evaluate the used books. it's a bloody place after all.
4 I'm not going to talk about the books here. I remember the days (long ago) when I barely got a few bucks back for a $250+ textbook while I completely cashed in on others.  What I am going to talk about the insane variety of Badger gear. And, thus, the insane amount of coin you may drop ensuring that you and every single one of your family members is outfitted in red and white.   The University Book Store is a mecca of everything Bucky. Things that you couldn't even fathom to rep UW are present here. The selection is choice, the quality is high and so are the prices. Do not be shocked to see many a $65+ hoodie. It's the norm.   The kiddo and baby section is especially impressive, so definitely stop by and give a look-see for any budding Badger.   *Pro tip - Bathroom is in the basement (where all those glorious textbooks lie).
4 I actually want to review the one in the Hilldale mall -- i've never been to the one on state street. Fantastic art supplies; great UW apparel. Decent book selection. Does a great job of highlighting books by local authors or about local topics. Staff willing to find/track down and order anything you want.
