3 It's one of the big bagel chains, so what do you expect? You're gonna get consistency, but you're not gonna get character or real eggs in your egg sandwich. Props for having a Challah bagel though.  This one seemed particularly disorganized from the ones I've been to.
3 I like their bagels. It's not spectacular, but good. I also appreciate their quick service and good pricing. Additional positive is their coffee. I think it's pretty "Darn Good."   Despite of above mentioned assets, the staffs are pretty unpleasant. Well, most of them are unwilling undergrads trying to make some cash in their spare time. So, I can really feel their passion.
4 I can't help it--I like Einstein's.  I like their Asiago Cheese bagels.  I like their veggie sandwich with the hummus.  I like their whipped cream cheese.  The food snob in me doesn't want to give a chain four stars, but the food is both yummy and cheap.
3 These bagels are fine, but I think their drinks are yummy. I like the blackberry lemonade.   The interior is sterile, but air conditioned with clean bathrooms and on state street that is saying a lot.
4 The nicest and prettiest staff of all the Einstein Bros. Bagels in Madison! Hard-working student staff for the most part and a great campus restaurant if you just want to grab something cheap (or expensive) that will fill you up.
3 I was in a hurry and needed something quick + caffeinated and I know Einstein Brothers could handle that.  I stopped in around 7:45 on a weekday morning and the line moved very quickly. I ordered a simple wheat bagel with a garden veggie smear and a large coffee. The bagel was good - it could have had more cream cheese though. I was a big fan of the coffee! They had about 6 kinds to choose from, but I went with a medium roast hazelnut coffee. It had good flavor and did the trick!
4 As a chain, Einstein Bagels is pretty damn good.   They have a pretty large selection of bagels, with everything, garlic and onion as my favorites. Their bagels are quite soft, so if you want some crunch to your bagels, I recommend getting it double toasted.  Their cream cheese selection is amazing, ranging from the sweet honey almond to the zesty jalapeño.   I've also had all of their coffee, and I would definitely recommend their hazelnut or French vanilla brews. Their lattes and cappuccinos are pretty standard, and while not Starbucks quality, still hold their own given the price.   My favorite part about Einstein's, however, is how accommodating they are. If you want your bagel toasted twice, they will do it. If you want them to spread veggie cream cheese on one slice of your bagel, while spreading salmon on the other, they will do it. Einstein truly embodies the notion that the "customer is always right",  I would have given this place 5-stars, but this place is still mostly run by students, so you will get slower/mixed up service once in a while.
