4 Glass Nickel is a great value.  I came back to the hotel after class ended  for lunch.  I had decided to take it easy before exploring near-by.   So looking through the restaurant options that provided delivery to the hotel, the menu of Glass Nickel jumped out at me.  I decided to have Nickel Nuggets (basically bites of bread with marina sauce) and 'home-made' meat lasagna.  The lasagna came with a side salad.  All this for $12.40, cool.   When the food arrived, I was very surprised.  It was a lot (could have possible feed at least 3-4) of food.  I was expecting about 10 Nickel Nuggets; there were too many to count.  Honestly, the handful I had didn't seem to make a dent (I guess they could be multiplying in the box, but I don't think so.)  The lasagna was delicious, it lived up to the expectation that 'home-made' had given me.     This is a great place to have in a college town.  Cheap, good food that lasts for two or three meals (even if you don't get the Nickel Nuggets).  Guess, I have a decision in front of me.  Do I eat more of it for dinner tonight, or do I go some new to feed the yelping need?  Stay tuned for the answer.
5 I have heard a lot of people knock this place but I don't know why. The pizza is excellent, the toppings are of very good quality and the cheese is outstanding. Try their green olives on a pizza, not something I would order anywhere else but from here it is delicious. The fried mac n' cheese sounds nasty but its surprisingly good. Best pizza in Madison.
4 I LOVE Glass Nickel pizza. Is it the "best pizza in Madison"? I say almost. The Thai Pie is my absolute favorite - it has a peanut sauce with mozzarella over it along with peppers, chicken, and broccoli. It's amazing.  In fact, most of their specialty pizzas are freaking delicious and you cannot go wrong with them. (My second favorites are the Fetalicious, Veg Out, and Alfredo Pizzas) I also adore the fried macaroni and cheese.  It's 9 parts tasty, and 1 part "omg, I'm eating fried macaroni and cheese and I'm going to have a heart attack at 40."
3 I don't know what the hype is about - I tried the Fetalicious pizza, and while it was *good* and I *enjoy feta cheese very much* I did not have dreams of  nor cravings for this pizza. Perhaps if I'd had it with thin crust instead...
2 I'm giving them two stars because they were open late and delivered to my hotel room--and they had corn as a topping...oh, maybe I should give them three stars, I don't know...  But can I just say: This is not pizza, people; it's bread with pizza-like sauce and tasteless cheese.  It's only a step up from Domino's and a small step at that.    My lil' nashers couldn't handle that amount of gluten.
4 This place is actually more of a 3.5 stars.  The pizza isn't spectacular, but it is pretty good.  I'm not a fan of the crust, it's too bready, but the toppings are high quality.  The appetizers are very good also.  The ravioli, cheese curds, and Texas-toast-style garlic bread are all excellent.  The toasted ravioli (with cheese filling - never tried the beef) is particularly delicious and we order it every time.  Even out-of-staters who had never heard of the concept found it tasty.  I guess there is a rule that applying breading to a food item just makes it more awesome.  The breadsticks lack flavor.  Things would be better if they just baked a plain pizza crust and sprinkled some cheese on it.  Another flop was the fried chicken - pizza places never have good fried chicken.  It was greasy and over-fried.  Even KFC is better.  At least they have great subs and pasta.  Other pizza places offer these things but usually they are sub-par.  Not the case with Glass Nickel.  They also have online ordering (a huge plus in my book), fast delivery and I've never had a problem with any of the delivery people.  I just don't get the hype over the Fetalicious.  Every pizza place has a feta pizza these days.  The Sacre Bleu is obviously the superior pie.  Anyway, you can't really go wrong with Glass Nickel, but there are better alternatives *cough* Falbo's *cough* for the west-side pizza consumer.
3 Pretty decent pizza. It's not going to blow your mind, but there are tons of different unusual options alongside the traditional fare.  Staff is also really nice.  The disappointing part for me was being that we are staying in a hotel and didn't want to eat on our beds we ate in.  It's all plastic utensils, paper plates, and no refills on soda.  I guess that's snobbery on my part, but I like a relaxing sit down pizza joint.
4 As far as I can tell, Glass Nickel has the best delivery-pizza in town. Not the cheapest, but it's worth it if you're at all picky, so it's my default option when it's late and there's no food in the fridge. And they've got plenty of options for customizing the pizza, so it's hard not to find something good. I've got no idea about their non-pizza items though.
5 Quite possibly one of the most delicious pizzas I've ever had, The Fetalicious.  Toppings were fantastically fresh, and combination of ingredients was perfect.  This particular location was nice too.  Quaint little pizza joint with a nice TV to watch golf or some other sporting event that is on.  (We happened to watch the PGA Championship at Whistling Straits that day.) They certainly deserve all the accolades.
4 This place literally saved me when our group's long day of delayed flights and frantic running thru airports put us in Madison late.  Nearly all the restaurants were closing their kitchens, but Glass Nickel's kitchen is open until midnite, AND (this is key) they deliver.  For a business traveler with no rental car and not wanting to risk driving in the snow and ice, this is a huge convenience!  I got a sandwich and salad, and even though they said it might take as long as 45 minutes, there was a knock on my door in more like 30 minutes.  The sandwich was still hot and the salad greens were still cool, so I give them props for getting the order right and even getting the food to me at a nice temperature.  Highly recommend if you are the Middleton area with no room service or few options for dinner.  Save this number in your phonebook!
5 This review is about the food, not about the place and not about the service. First of all, if you order from them, PLEASE make sure to try their Chicken Alfredo pizza as well as Chicken Cordon Bleu pizza. I have constantly ordered pizza from them for the past 3 years, and I ordered nothing but those two. It never disappoint me, it's so yummyyy. I could never find pizza at any other place that is even close to how Glass Nickel has it :(  Oh, and their chicken wings are pretty good too.
2 I find that this pizza is edible but I am confused as to why so many people think it is so spectacular-it seems to be pretty standard delivery style pizza. They have a number of non-standard toppings and specialty pizzas so that might be part of the appeal to some but I prefer plain cheese or just one topping so the quality of the sauce, cheese and crust is most important. This pizza just seems very dough heavy to me which can result in sogginess-if you like thicker crust pizza you might like this place whereas if you like thin crust pizza you probably will not.
3 It pains me to give Glass Nickle a 3-star but this place has been slipped over the past few years. I used to love it but now it's a "meh" in my mind. I've only had delivery so maybe that has something to do with it but the last four times I've had it the pizza had been made wrong or over-cooked, REALLY late delivery or it just plain tasted bleh. And they are quite expensive so I do expect more from GN and lately they haven't delivered (figuratively speaking). Don't even try to use the website to contact them about your concerns because they only give you an automated reply.  I'm giving it three stars just because I loved it so much once and hope that the recent experiences have been flukes. Worth a try though if you haven't had it before.
2 Well, according to lots of the reviews I've read the pizza here is excellent; some even go so far as to say it is the "best" in Madison. Admittedly  these reviews may reflect the quality of the pizza at the other locations in town, or maybe we caught the University location asleep at the wheel. Unfortunately, they crashed into us. We ordered a couple of 14" two-toppers online. Used a coupon and thankfully that reduced our bill by 7$. The pizzas were ready fast and hot. They looked great in the box. I liked the sauce and I thought there was a fair amount of it. The amount of toppings was also decent - again the pizza looked pretty, but eye appeal can't compensate for taste appeal or lack thereof. The crust was lacking in taste, it had risen unevenly and was thicker in some spots and dry. The cheese was also tasteless, but then to taste it you need to have some to taste! Where's the cheese? One litmus test I like to use is how well the pizza ages overnight and how it tastes cold. Unfortunately the pizza did NOT hold up. I have to say most pizzas, even mediocre ones do improve overnight; this one did not. In fact, my opinion of it declined slightly upon tasting the next day - both cold and reheated. Overall I realize that rating pizzas is obviously far from a science. I only know my experience on one day at a particular location. We just moved here to Madison from Eau Claire and if this is the "best pizza in town"  then we are in trouble and we'll have to drive 20 minutes to the closest Papa Murphy's and stock up.
4 Love their pizza! We always order for delivery. I've never eaten in any of the restaurants. Everytime it arrives piping hot as well as any sides I've ever ordered.
4 Ordered delivery pizza from them online. It came quickly, and was pretty good pizza. Better than typical chain restaurants by far, and their menu is extensive enough to make it a good place to order from if you and your family want different things! Will order from them again!
5 Awesome. I love their online order form and their pizza is the best!
2 Sigh, so many inexperienced pizza eaters here. Really, 4-5 stars? I can see possibly 3, but 4 or 5, wow, ever get down to Chicago, ever? This is crap pizza by Chicago standards. Good enough for Madison perhaps, and that's just sad. Thin, thick, deep-dish, stuffed, take a road-trip to Chicago and try it all, you will then know how to judge pizza. When desperate and stuck in Madison, this could do, but it sounds like Pizza Brutta would be a MUCH better choice. Of course they won't deliver to you, so you'll have to actually drive there. But in the end the pizza you will get will be such a better experience than this stuff. And yes. GNP has it's time and place, but best to avoid it if you can. It is better than Dominoes, Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, Little Ceasars, etc. but certainly not better than a real pizza place. I've had better pizza in Lake Geneva ffs, and that's not including the Gino's East there (which of course is from Chicago). yada yada yada, the best bet in Madison is to do the research and make your own pizza, it will certainly be better than GNP. The best part of GNP is the online ordering and the choices they offer. The problem is when I check "well-done" and then even write in, "well-done please :)" it is never well-done. blah blah blah, if you're high, I'm sure it's much better.
3 In town visiting friends & family and we ordered pizza from Glass Nickel one night.  Ordering online was easy and convenient.  We had the feta pizza and couch potato. Very tasty for a local area pizza place.  I'll admit I'm a little spoiled living in the same city as Tom Douglas's Serious pie.
4 The people at this Glass Nickel Pizza were very accommodating for a large order of 25 pizzas when I called ahead by four days.  Pizza was on time and all the guests enjoyed the variety of pizza, esp. the veggie selections!  The discount of $2 off/pizza helped a ton too!  Cheers for being very easy to work with!
3 Oh, Glass Nickel. How I miss you. Ordinarily, I'm all over Glass Nickel -- they're fast, prompt, the food is good, great toppings, great variety, the works. When I realized I couldn't eat gluten, I was super excited to see that Glass Nickel offered a gluten-free crust option.  Strike #1: The gluten-free crust only comes in 10". Still, it's a specialty item, so I can understand. Strike #2: It costs $3 extra to get said 10" crust. Okay, well, I guess they don't sell many of them... Strike #3: The taste and the texture. Grainy, chewy in a not-good way, cardboard, soggy, flavorless. Too thin to support the pizza, even by pizza-with-lots-of-things standards. The edges were rock solid, like cardboard, and overall it was... severely, severely disappointing. SEVERELY disappointing.  I completely understand the challenges and issues with a gluten-free crust--I'm an avid baker and a science geek--but given that they offer a cracker crust, I see no reason why a popular restaurant can't find a good flatbread recipe and use that.   3 stars, but only because their regular stuff is great. Truly disappointing from a gluten-free standpoint.
2 Quite frankly, I don't get the hype. None of the crusts are particularly good--the guys making them have no idea what they're doing. Crusts shouldn't be semi-soft (even if it's regular), and the thin crust is simply mediocre.   And then there are the specialty ones. If you want something that's really vomit-inducing, go for the tailgate pizza. This is simply mediocre pizza at best--cheese and pepperoni can really only be compared to Dominos.  I'm a "Coastie" (I hate that term...), and we take pizza pretty seriously back East--I would also like to note that the pile of dough and glop you get in Chicago is not pizza. Justice Scalia certainly agrees with me on that note. Glass Nickel, though? Sigh. Sigh. Sigh.
3 I appreciate this Wisconsin-based pizza chain.   Glass Nickel is definitely an upgrade from the likes of Pizza Hut, Domino's, and even Papa John's. As such, the pizzas are also more expensive. I'd call it semi-gourmet fast-food pizza. Their menu is relatively large. I like the spinach cheese bread here and their specialty pizzas aren't bad.   I'd recommend ordering online as Glass Nickel always has coupons to print and coupon codes. You won't necessarily save much, but take what you can get, right?
2 So s l o w.  used the online order waited 20min headed on over to pick up and another 20 min wait.  This happens the last three times.  They do give you a five dollar card but with screaming hungry kids at home that's not much of a constellation.
4 PLEASE TAKE NOTE!! All Glass Nickle Pizza joints are different. This location is by far my favorite, the East Side being my least. The folks on Atwood Avenue need to take note. If it was just one bad experience Id feel different, but it was 3 in a row at Atwood and management didn't back me up. Anyways, Ive had 3 GREAT deliveries from this location in a row, prompting this review. So here goes:  Service - Excellent! The lady on the phone was very polite and efficient, she quoted 45 minutes for a sandwich and appetizer. Quick conversation  and order was finished with credit card in under 3 minutes. Food only took 25 minutes, delivery guy was very polite and equally efficient. Food was hot. No complaints! Was about a 5 mile drive. 10/10  Food Quality - Once again excellent! I had the chicken cordon bleu hot sandwich and deep fried raviolli. Both items were hot and delicious. My only complaint is not enough honey mustard on sandwich, made it a little dry. Next time ill ask for extra. 9/10  Price - My main complaint with Glass Nickle. At least the food and service were great. I paid $17 with tip for both items. A little steep for lunch. Although the portion of fried raviollis was enough, i would have rather had a smaller portion and sandwich for $10 before tip. No sides or chips come with the sandwich, they used too but oh well. 4/10  Overall - 23/30 - 4 stars. If it were a little cheaper it would be 5 easy.  Note - The pizza is also fantastic, the crust could use a little work but thats all my personal taste. This was more a service review.
5 Ordered late night the Deluxe, Cardiac Arrest, and feta. They were on time and awesome. Half the people in the room were excited when this pizza showed up so late. They knew and loved it already. Highly recommended.
4 We've ordered from here a number of times while I'm visiting Madison. Glass Nickel has consistently snappy delivery.  The "Fetalicious" is a really good pizza. As others have mentioned, the crust is where Glass Nickel kind of falls down. Overall though, I appreciate fast, tasty pizza, and that's what they deliver on.
4 Came in at 5:45, seated right away. Very accommodating. Dave our server was awesome. Super friendly and nice!
4 Had four different pizzas from the place. One of them was gluten free - the heart attack. My husband said the crust was one of the best GF crusts he has had. We also had the feta pizza, cheeseburger pizza and another that had sweet peppers on it. Super good! One of the best pizza places I have eaten at and I am an out of towner.
4 The food and service are both very good, I do however wish they where open later on weekdays with me being a 3rd shifter the options can be somewhat limited.  I do appreciate that they have no problem calling when the driver arrives.
3 Not a bad location; typical GNP - slightly doughy/bready, ample toppings, cooked well. Pizza was ready well before I arrived to pick-it-up, yet the crust and toppings held-up nicely.
2 My office orders from here quite regularly, and the past few orders have been "off" - overly doughy and the cheese has been unusual in flavor. May be a salt imbalance? Toppings have been light as well - several slices from a recent pepperoni pizza had no pepperoni.   Hmm.
1 If it was all possible to give GN no stars I would. The community fascination over  this place is beyond me. The crust is me, too chewy and without taste. The sauce lacks good flavor, and while some of the toppings are different it is like putting lipstick on a pig. Maybe the community wants so much to support a local brand so they totally disregard the fact that the product is terrible.
