5 Plumbing gods.  Straight shooters with local products and honest answers.  I wish this guy sold everything.
3 I'm glad for a local plumbing shop (and I have no reason to think that they are great if you know plumbing), but for a place that claims to cater to DIYers, they seem to go out of their way to make one feel incompetent, refusing to sell a simple 75¢ piece of plastic without a detailed explanation of the project. After four trips trying to get this piece I gave up.
5 One of my favorite stores in the Willy St. area. My knowledge about plumbing is non-existant, but the staff here is so unbelievably patient and helpful, that you can get almost anything done yourself. No matter what your plumbing project is, you would make a huge mistake if you didn't step in here first.
5 You might have to wait a couple minutes because they're explaining something to the person in line ahead of you.  It's worth it though because they take the time to give you the best advise about any plumbing issues.  They have better products than the box stores also.  A toilet flap might cost 3 times as much as at Menards, but it will last 5 times as long.  They have parts for anything that fits right and generally works better.  I've bought from both, and they'll save you time and money in the long run.
5 I'm not sure how much money my conversation at this store saved me. I was having trouble finding a plumber in Madison (for every good review there seems to be a horror story). So, after reading the Yelp reviews and having walked by Howe Brothers numberous times I decided to stop in the store to a) see if my plumbing issues were things i could fix myself b) ask for a recommendation - nice guys from the neighborhood, their opinion would be the deciding factor.   I did have to wait a few minutes, the guy was finishing up with another customer. Watching this interaction put me at ease. He took apart a toilet in the store, got the proper tools out and walked the customer through how he would fix it at home.   Then he counseled me through how to diagnose and fix three (!!) plumbinig issues. I just bought a house... people hide things. And the best part, one of the first things he said, "You don't need a plumber. You can fix this stuff yourself. Call a plumber when all else fails or when you have a major plumbing problem". I was able to fix everything on my own (I'm just your average person, not much prior plumbing experience- just youtube and this advice).
5 The employees at Howe Brothers sure know their plumbing. I went all over town this weekend to find a part for a little DIY project and no one could help me.  I walked into Howe's this afternoon and they knew exactly what I needed to finish my project. Not only that, the man working offered me some great advice on the project and was incredibly knowledgeable.  They might be pricier than your favorite big box store, but their knowledge and service can't be beat!
