4 Great location if you are attending a wedding on campus.  Room was small but clean and nice.  We also had a great view of the water.     On their website they say "The Chancellor's Club Bar & Lounge, an integral part of the Campus Inn, features complimentary hors d'oeuvres, desserts and coffee".  This is a bit misleading.  The hors d'oeuvres were like peanuts and not many of them.    Overall, it was nice.
4 Also known as "The Dahlmann Campus Inn and Chancellor's Club."  I stayed here while visiting the Nelson Institute primarily because of its proximity to State Street and Science Hall.  It was about $50 more expensive than the Best Western, but in the end was well worth it because of their free cab service to and from the airport, as well as complimentary breakfast, Internet, and location.  Overall I liked the hotel; it was well-kept and clean.  However, I did try to refill my water bottle with tap water and noticed that the water was yellowish.  Probably from iron pipes, but still...   It's definitely a good place to stay to be close to everything, and seems to charge a fair price.  Be aware that there is construction going on next door, but that didn't bother me while I was there.
4 This hotel is great! Perfect location, close to State St, capitol bldg, UW campus. They have free parking, free appetizers and free breakfast. We didn't partake in the free food because we wanted to explore the city a bit more - had breakfast at The Old Fashioned - delicious!! But I digress.   The room was great - very classy. It's definitely not a brand new hotel but I think that gives it charm. The room was clean, the bed was comfy, the shower was nice, the wallpaper was vintage, the AC worked, the staff was friendly. I would definitely stay here again!
4 The Campus Inn is a great option for those visiting the University of Madison campus. It puts you just off of State Street and is easy walking distance or a bus ride from just about anything you might want to see. It was very nice not to have to rent a car while in town for the weekend. You can grab a cab at the airport and they will drop you at the Inn - you pay the tip and the hotel covers the fare.   The Inn features complimentary breakfast and evening appetizers/desserts. They also have a fully stocked bar. My room was clean, neat, and very comfortable. I did have some difficulty adjusting the thermostat, though, and my room seemed to be perpetually toasty. The weather was fairly damp, humid, and rainy and that may have contributed. Speaking of rainy, the Inn does provide complimentary umbrellas for your use during your stay. The staff was exceptionally friendly and accommodating of requests.  The Inn is showing its age a bit (paint, wallpaper, and carpet probably need updating) and I found the vending machines to be very inconvenient and difficult to operate. I would definitely ask a staff member to show you how they work before attempting it on your own. The overall feel of the place is very antique almost Edwardian in a sense - dark wood, floral motifs, brass, etc - it is very charming and cozy. They do have free wi-fi which is a bonus. I would certainly consider staying here again when in town.
5 I've stayed in hotels in Southbeach, Chicago, etc. but this is without a doubt my top-3 hotel ever! It's sooo cute and cozy I almost cried! I don't usually freak out over vintage, homely-looking decor but wow this is just something else! It made me feel like I traveled back in time: their elevators are heavy looking and slow, and although usually that kind of thing would piss me off, it made for a warm inviting atmosphere here =) Oh and the best and most unique part about the stay was *drum roll* THEY GIVE YOU AN ACTUAL KEY...a metal key that looks like it could unlock a treasure chest or a secret door in an ancient library. Not some plastic piece of magnetized crap, or a regular ol' silver tiny key, no this key is like a key from Pinoccio. Never had that experience before! Staff was very welcoming, their FREE HOT breakfast was EGGSELENT, yeah i went there with the eggselent, get over it! And to top it all off the location is perfectly close to EVERYTHING you need.  I LOVE YOU, YOU BEAUTIFUL LITTLE PIECE OF VINTAGE HEAVEN. (even though I despise almost all vintage things)
4 Mixed feelings.  The room was really nice and clean.  However we were kept awake by loud drunk women in the adjoining room.  Then, after they finally shut up, our room's smoke detector started loudly chirping, demanding a new battery, which was replaced by staff about midnight.  After that the student housing across the street started partying.  Didn't get much sleep.  The continental breakfast was great!  Not just your normal coffee and a Danish; but a full breakfast .  All-in-all except for the noise it was a great experience
2 While the Campus Inn offers quite a bit of charm and while the Inn's lobby has been renovated quite extensively, what really disappointed me was the outdated room that I received and the very flimsy bed and old sheets in that room.  Now, the hotel does offer free wifi, a decent breakfast and a manager's reception, but as a business traveler, those perks eventually come standard with any hotel. On the other hand, the room that I received could have been better.  The bed was small and quite uncomfortable, and the room had clearly once been a smoking room. The bathtub also did not drain properly. I thought long about calling them to fix it, and just decided that it wasn't really worth it, since I only planned to shower once a day anyway.  In all, I have a good idea of what to receive given a certain location and price point, and I just felt that at the Campus Inn's price point, given that it's in Madison, WI, it didn't really offer much value for me to recommend it.
4 This is a classy hotel located right on/near the UW campus. The location is unbeatable. It is about one block away from the waterfront and UW Union and about a 10 minute walk from the Capitol. The price is a little bit higher than some of the other local hotel options. However, it has a nice traditional style and very friendly staff. They will leave you little extras like chocolates and weather updates daily. There is WiFi, but it was spotty at times. You have a few opportunities to pick up breakfast, snacks, and dessert throughout the day in the lounge. This is a place that I would stay again.
4 Stayed here in room 614. Really nice! Everything about the room was new & up to date. Plenty of cable channels to flip through for when you should be sleeping.   They have turn down service in the evening, don't see that as often these days.   Would definitely stay again.
5 The Dahlmann Campus Inn is conveniently located to the UW Madison campus at the foot of fraternity row and a block from the lake.  The historic building has a charming lobby and very friendly staff. We arrived late in the evening after registering our daughter for college. Our rooms were clean, pleasantly decorated and fairly spacious. I had an excellent night sleep. The hotel offers free WiFi.  We will be back in September for parents weekend!
1 The hubby and I stayed at the Campus for our weekend trip to Madison, WI.  I am a clean freak so I have pretty high standards for hotels.  I normally do a lot of research before booking a hotel, but this was booked by my husband's company so I didn't have a choice.    The only nice thing about this hotel is the location.  Restaurants, bars, shops, and the Capitol is walking distance.  We went to the farmers market on Saturday morning and it was the BEST farmers market I have ever been too.  There were endless stands, the fruits and vegetables were fresh, fresh baked goodies, local goods....  The hotel is very old.  The tiny elevator barely fits 2 people and 2 carry-on luggage.  I did not have a good feeling about the room.  Our room was tiny, a queen size bed and an arm chair, we barely fit in that room.  The room had a musty odor.  The bed was lumpy.  The sheets didn't look white and pressed.  I barely got any sleep the 2 nights we were there because I would sink into the middle of the bed and I was afraid to put my face on the pillow for fear of breaking out the next day.  The bathroom was very outdated.  The shower didn't drain very well so I had water up past my ankles by the time I was done.   Avoid this hotel if you can.
2 The hotel had a nice environment.  Upon arrival, I thought the décor was a bit dated but almost achieved a timeless elegance.  The staff were also extremely helpful, and during my stay I appreciated the comfort of the bed as well as the breakfast in the morning.  I think their parking was also above par. However, the hotel fell short in a couple of ways, two of them very big ways.  The biggest was noise.  I could hear EVERYTHING!  I stayed in 301, which is right across from the elevator and the banging of that elevator woke me up at least 10 times each night (I stayed for three nights so by the third night I was so tired I could hardly function).  A man had a phone call in the room next to me and I could clearly hear him talking.  "Hello, I am in Madison right now... Yes, I will be leaving tomorrow.. If you could actually go ahead and email me the form I can fill it out..." and so on.  Not even muffled.  I do not believe this to be a result of him speaking loudly because, as I said, no distortion of the voice, and after he checked out, I could hear the radio in that room - they leave the radio on classical music for you so when you arrive its all serene.  Little do you know that light music is being heard next door!  So, walls made of paper.  And, back to the elevator, I usually take stairs but when I took the elevator on the first floor, the door just opened and slammed shut repeatedly so that I eventually gave up and took the stairs anyways.  So, I believe this extremely loud elevator was just slamming open and shut open and shut all night across from my room.  It was terrible.  I have slept better in $50/night rooms! The other, slightly less obnoxious issue, was that it was COLD!  I was freezing - had to take a few showers just to warm up - and they did not have heating available because it was June.  Yes, it was June... it was also 40 degrees outside... Last, small items, table leg was broken and no microwave or fridge.  For $160 a night I think these should be addressed.  Oh and room was laid out strange... only mirror was between bed and wall so you couldn't really stand in front of it.  Small matters compared with the inability to sleep due to the racket. Stayed in 301.  Avoid!!!
