1 Simply for the sake of proximity to where I live, I've been taking our 2 cars here for oil changes for the past 2 years. Unfortunately it has not been the most convenient as they require you to schedule appointments to have any service done. But today was the last straw.  I had scheduled an appointment on a Saturday in advance, but due to the construction on University, I arrived 10 minutes late. 2 of the employees were completely idle in the garage. Much to my dismay, the representative at the front desk told me they would have to reschedule me during the week because I was late. God forbid they make an adjustment to their schedule. I explained why I was a few minutes past my appointment and asked if they could please just understand and accommodate me. His reply was, "Well it takes about an hour to do the oil change, courtesy check, and tire rotation. We could just do the oil change, but otherwise you'll have to reschedule."  Seriously? Here's a piece of advice - if you're even going to use the term "courtesy" in your service, you should probably cater to your customers instead of turning them away. In my mind, that's not how you run a business. So I will be taking my business elsewhere.
5 John is simply one of the best car mechanics I've ever worked with. He's a straight shooter. He showed me the issues with my SUV is and showed me the cost of the parts and explained labor charges. His problem solving and willingness to look into alternative solutions to fixing my AC saved me hundreds of dollars. My bill was reasonable and the work was done in a timely fashion. Overall the communication from everyone at Midas on University was exceptional.  I took in another car after Zimbrick Eastside said the front brakes needed replacing I will be taking my cars to John as long as he works there.
5 ccame here to get my oil changed and to get my rear brakes fixed. Everything was great. They have a TV and the chairs in the waiting room were comfortable. There's also free wifi and plenty of power outlets. I asked to be dropped off at the DMV a couple of Bocks away and then when I was done, I just walked back. The prices were comparable to another place I got quoted at and with a coupon I printes up off of their website it was fine. I called at noon on a Wednesday and got an appointment for 2:30 that same day. John was working in the front office and was very friendly, respectful and helpful. One guy even put my new plates on my car for me.
5 My boyfriend had gotten his oil changed at Midas for full price, after which they gave him a receipt for a FREE oil change, which he gave to me. I scheduled an appointment just a couple hours before arriving, and even explained in advance I might be a couple minutes late--they said this was no problem.  In addition to the overall courtesy inspection they do during an oil change, they also check your manufacturer's timeline for services to see if anything is "due" according to mileage & your model. Mine said a new cabin air filter was due, and in their inspection they found I needed a new engine air filter as well.  My experience at these kinds of auto places is generally that they try to charge you as much as possible and strongly encourage/push every expensive upgrade as well. NOT the case here! Not only was the oil change free (John was super helpful & didn't push for a more expensive version), but when I asked for his honest opinion whether I really needed the cabin air filter replaced, he said that was more optional/up to me. It could affect how fast/smoothly the air conditioning/heat flows, but if I haven't been experiencing any issues there or strange smells, the car's performance is not negatively affected if I don't replace it now (the cabin filter would be $75 to replace); he DID, however, say the engine filter should be replaced as it directly affects performance and I'll get better gas mileage if it's replaced (this filter cost $25).  I was grateful for this honest answer--him recommending the switch of the piece that was a third the cost of the other. I ultimately decided to replace both since I was already there and he had been so helpful.  I would definitely go here again!
