3 I think the quality of Ancora's coffee is superior. I frequent their University Avenue location for its proximity and big windows and bright interior that make it a pleasant place to study and write. (But why is it so small??) The staff there is refreshingly friendly and hard-working too. Sadly, they do not make the best cappuccinos. But far worse, their baked goods are terrible. The limp, greasy things they call croissants? Too-sweet, unsubstantial oatmeal cookies? The hoagie rolls they call "baguettes"? I don't think so! It seems a shame that proprietors who have such high standards for coffee lack the same requirements for the food they serve with the coffee. It's insulting to the coffee!! I'll spare the local producer of these sub-par baked items by not naming them here. Meanwhile, I suggest sneaking-in pastries from La Brioche across the street. Or for the King St. location, bring in pastries from Café Soleil. Stick with a regular cup of coffee and bring your own snacks.
5 Best coffee in the world! Everyone that works there is super friendly and helpful if you have a question about one of the varieties.  Give it a SHOT You'll be hooked!
5 BEST COFFEE EVER  Love this place. Actually maybe a bit better than my other review of Victor Allen's...but I like their cafe a bit better. This is more of a place to stop by than to stay.  Get the Ancora D'Oro for home, and the White Zombie for right now. (Almond flavor is my favorite)  Or the mocha, which is heavenly. Seriously, the best mocha I've ever had. EVEREVEREVER. The chocolate has some weight, but blends perfectly to be a grown-up version of chocolate milk you had as a kid.  The White Zombie is a strange and beautiful thing. A "white coffee" drink, it's light and powerful, you will feel like a high-powered cloud ghost zooming around after drinking this. They tried to change the name to White Lightning, but no one wants to feel a crackling electric jolt. Don't worry, the zombie will carry you through the day like a white flotaki magic carpet, smooth, airy and sensuous.
