5 The other day I had to get a grown-up a fun birthday present and I STILL went to Capitol Kids - he loved the finger puppet, paddle board, and pop rocks.   From fun novelty to super thoughtful toys to stylish and yet childlike clothes, we always enjoy the time in the store and feel successful with our purchases.   Staff is helpful, knowledgeable, toys are available for kids to try out, bathroom supports family needs.
5 Hands down, the best toy store in Madison. We started shopping there a decade ago when our kids were infants - and are still shopping there with a teenager!  It is a great place to find unique gifts.  I really appreciate how much the staff knows about the products they sell - they make wonderful recommendations.  In our house, many a cozy family-game-night occurs thanks to an awesome find at Capitol Kids.   Finally, as a Madison resident, I am so grateful for all the work that Capitol Kids does to support our local community.  They are always the first business to step up with a contribution to any school or charity fundraiser!
5 Love this store! I don't have kids so getting the right gift for kiddos is always a challenge. The staff here are really helpful and full of suggestions in whatever price range you want. I know that whatever I buy is going to be high quality and I'm supporting a family-owned business. And who can resist the wall of wacky stocking stuffers?
4 Can I be a fan of this place even though I don't have kids?  Because I am!  (Is that weird?) I don't care.   The place is packed with interesting, educational, FASHIONABLE (check out the boys hats you guys) items for little ones of all ages. And although I was there this weekend looking for some dinnerware (think plates, forks, spoons) which they don't carry, they were quick to refer me to some other spots in town where I'd have more luck. And did they suggest department stores which would be super easy and a sure thing? Nope! Three other super solid locally owned recommendations. Talk about supporting your neighbors! The staff is pretty darn knowledgeable about what they carry, so if you're doing some holiday gifting or just need a little something for someone you care about, tell them the age, likes/dislikes and let them set you on a path to the perfect puzzle or something plush.
5 This is everything you hope for in a shopping experience. I hate shopping so I look online and then *hopefully* find it locally. Wish I would have skipped the online bit and came straight here. They emailed me back answers to my terribly annoying questions and were even more lovely in person. Of course parking downtown is a pain but it is worth it. Pack some change and deal with it. Very sweet to my child which is also important : ) Please support this small business!
5 Great store with a great collection of toys and gifts for kids.  It is always a pleasure to shop there and their employees are extremely helpful.  You might be able to find a particular item slightly cheaper on-line however, nothing beats being able to go into the store and seeing / touching the item for yourself.  If you have a hard time paying full price for an item,  get on their mail list and you will receive emails of their sales in advance!  It's perfect.  We also appreciate them having a bathroom in the store geared towards kids. It's roomy and has a changing table. Although you would think it is common sense to have one in a toy store, it is not the norm in Madison.    To top things off, they give free balloons to the kids.  The store is always a stop for us and our kids loving going there!     Great Job Capitol Kids!
