4 Group Health Cooperative has been great in general. Keep in mind that I've been lucky during my time with them and have had few medical needs, other than preventative care.   I really like my doctor, she seems competent and doesn't rush. I love the Wellness reimbursement, which means I get half price massages every month at their clinic. You can also get acupuncture, reiki, etc. They also reimburse you for part of the cost of a farm share, which is awesome. I also like that they are non-profit.   My primary complaint has been more with their dental coverage. They cover cleanings and all of that, but not more extensive work like crowns. Also, one reason prescription costs are so low is that they don't offer as many choices as some other insurers.
4 "The doctors huddle up and call a flea flicker The reason that I say that  'Cause they flick you off like fleas They be laughin' at ya while you're crawlin' on your knees"  -- Flavor Flav (Public Enemy) - 911 Is A Joke   I have been a member of GHC-SCW for several years.  I can wax on (and on) because in that time I have had a potpourri of non-life threatening medical issues.  There have been many specialists involved treating those conditions.  Overall, GHC's patient care is excellent.  Members of the doctor's team (the doctor, Assistant Doctors, RNs) have all been friendly and helpful.  I've only encountered rudeness with their Urgent Care (I was sick as a dog a few years ago and wanted an antibiotic and was dressed down a bit).    They are affiliated with both Meriter and UW-Health, so you can get the best of both worlds. TIP: In my experience though, UW-Health is far more efficient w/ ER Care.   I am not a huge fan of their triage policy for hospital care.   Basically, before you go to the hospital you are required to contact them and have a nurse contact you to get permission to go the ER.  Usually it has taken me at least 45 minutes to get a call back.  When an ER visit is requested, it's usually due to extreme fear or being in a lot of pain, so that hour or so to get a return call can seem like an eternity.  However, you can just go to the ER -- if they do not give you permission beforehand, you better meet their subjective standards of what qualifies as a valid ER visit. Clearly, it's a money-saving move, so patients go to Urgent Care Vs. ER Care when possible and not milk the HMO for ER duckets.    Even with those issues, GHC is nearly a  5 * HMO.    My primary care team has never dragged their legs on referrals.  In my controversial opinion, primary care physicians (or physicians assistants) are glorified RNs and medical specialty matchmakers.  I have had doctors in the past that either tried to do everything his/herself or need to be begged for a referral -- that limbo period is very frightening and dangerous.  I have  never experienced it here.  Although not everything came back as positive based on my suspicions, they are exceptionally patient with me and have worked with me until I found the root of the problem or satisfied with their efforts.   They have many facilities internally.  You have pretty much every known specialty of standard, complimentary and alternative medicine under the sun (although there is an additional cost for alt-care).  If they do not have it, they will immediately refer you to somewhere that does.  Their Urgent Care is very good about seeing you that day.  Billing and so forth has been huge stressors I've had with prior HMO's.  I've never had charges that I needed to dispute for my family and me for the entire time.  Prior to GHC, I had to beg for specialty care and even needed to appeal surgical charges. The  If you appreciate high quality & wide-reaching medical care with very minor headaches (compared to most other HMOs), GHC is for you.
1 Both times I went to GHC, the doctors I saw were rude and could not wait to shove me out the door. Then they billed me for things I didn't even have done! they are threatening to send me to collections after I set up a payment plan and paid them on time, more then the agreed price! They never sent me a bill for the second time I went in. How can I pay them if I don't know what I owe them? Also, my payment never showed up on the bill they just sent me! Where did my money go? They took it from my bank account... Shady business practices. Outlandish prices. I went in for a migraine and it cost more then the emergency room at Denver health! All GHC did was give me fluids. No real treatment. They have my previous medical records as I just moved and had them sent over, so its not like they didn't know my previous medical issues, like migraines.   If you don't have health insurance they treat you like you are trash. I will NEVER go to GHC again. Even when I get insurance via the affordable care act. They have no idea how to deal with billing a person that dose not have insurance, they over charged me and charged me for things they didn't even do. I am sure they have been ripping off insurance companies for years. Billing has no idea what they are doing, dealing with someone that is un-insured. They are an awful place.
1 Deeply understaffed and unable to get you in any sooner than a 4-6 week timeframe in most cases. Staff I've seen have been hit or miss and quite a few have been insensitive jerks. I should've switched last year and didn't because I was so happy with one of my providers and didn't want to start over, but now that she's booked until June I'm regretting it. I initially chose them because they said they worked with a provider I had through my previous non-HMO insurance and they wound up bullying me away from working with her. Just... absolutely horrible, especially for mental health care. (Although for non-mental health stuff, there was also that time they went "yep you have mono" and shoved me out the door with bare-bones treatment and I wound up having to go to the ER 2 days later, so, you know, they just kind of suck all around.)
