5 One of my all time favorite Chinese takeout places!   I have moved away from Madison and still crave the food.  My sister and I would eat there at least once a week and every time I come home I make it a point to stop here.  I recommend the vegetarian broccoli dish and my sister is obsessed with General Tso's Chicken. I also love hot Jasmine tea they have for you while you wait.  Perfect to cut through the crisp (emphasis) Wisconsin air. ;)  If you are looking for a great takeout place look no further!
5 Hands down the #1 Chinese takeout in the city.  Although each location has its own menu everything I have had is great! They have lunch and dinner combos that are very reasonable and include rice and an egg roll.    My favorite is the sesame chicken special but they have great tofu options of you're into that.  They say 15 minutes for pick regardless of the day or time but usually have it ready is just over 10.  Anything off the full dinner menu could easily be split by two or be saved for leftovers.  Or if you are a big guy like me or just downright hungry, you could easily power through the whole thing.  I'm actually getting hungry for it again just writing this.
5 This location is proof that not all franchises are the same.  I'm not a huge fan of most Chinese food locations; it's not something I typically crave.  But after a coworker told me about this place, I can't get it out of my mind.  They have all of the typical Chinese dishes - sesame chicken (yummy), General Tso's chicken (wow), beef vegetable (delish), Lo mein (I'm going to need a minute to myself), and well, you get the idea.  It's strictly take out, and they offer two sizes - "lunch" and "dinner."  The lunch is more than enough for two normal eaters.  I'm somewhat ashamed to say that I have consumed an entire "dinner" portion on my own (it's not one of my prouder moments).  They don't typically ask for your name when you order; and they're always prompt with the preparation - I've never waited more than 10 minutes for an order.  So, while Chang Jiang is a franchise, this location is far from ordinary or pedestrian.  It's really, really good.  Take it from a non-Chinese food fan.  I normally avoid/run from the other Chinese take out places... but I run to this particular Chang Jiang.  Tip: ask for a side of hot sauce.  It'll liven up any of their dishes.  Yum!
2 Meh...I thought it was just okay.  I appreciate that they delivered as far away as we are (near west side, north of Beltline). Prices were typical of what I would expect, about $9-$12 for a typical entrée, so not terribly expensive.  The PuPu Platter appetizer was pretty good and came with a lot of variety.  The Pork Fried Rice was just okay...nothing special, but not bad.  And finally, the sesame chicken was just not good.  The pieces seemed to be a lot more breading that was VERY crunchy than actual chicken...in fact I'd say that it was just chicken trimmings.  Disappointing.  Probably won't order from them again.
2 Meh. We ordered quite the smorgasbord & I wasn't delighted with anything. My veggie roll was large but not very tasteful, same goes for my boyfriend's shrimp roll. The Crab Rangoon was lacking in any filling- I felt like I was biting into deep fried air! Our veggie moo shu was boring & had no egg in it? The wraps for the moo shu made me feel like I was eating paper. The bf ordered General Tso's chicken & said it was decent. I wouldn't order from this place again unless I had no other choices...
5 For American style Chinese, you can't get a much better value than this. Very solid takeout with humongous portions. I recommend the fried dumplings in particular. Very thick and  nice.
