4 Lacking in seating (as in there's none really), this take out place has some tasty creole.  Try the reds beans & rice with a double order of sausage.    More things should come with a double order of sausage.
5 My favorite place for fast food in Madison - I have both locations in my cell phone for quicker pickup.  If it's Thursday try the Shrimp in Cream Sauce or Crawfish in Cream Sauce special....any other day, the Red Beans'n'Rice with Double Sausage will never treat you wrong!
5 I looooove me some NOTO. You wouldn't expect such an amazing New Orleans-style place in Madison, but here it is. Red beans and rice == love.
4 I just discovered I'm allergic to shellfish.  Since anaphylactic shock scares the crap out of me many of the items on the menu are out of the question.  Still, this place makes a mean po' boy and I like to go often.
4 I just tried this place today (Fat Tuesday!) for lunch with my friend. I had Mardi Gras Combo which came with Jambalaya, red beans, rice, and shrimp dish (I forgot the name). Nice amount of spice, and I was satisfied with the "half portion which was only $4.95. I don't think the portion would be enough for a guy though.  Keep in mind that this is a "take-out" place, so there's no chairs or tables, but I didn't mind standing at the counter for a quick lunch )
5 Now, I've never been to New Orleans to try the types of cooking they have there. So I can't vouch for how good New Orleans Take-Out compares to the restaurants it seeks to emulate. What I can say is that their food here is absolutely excellent. I've had their jambalaya and their gumbo; both were top notch. I regret not going here as often; if I had lived in the neighborhood when I lived in Madison, this place would have been a staple.
5 SO good. Everything is amazing from the po boys to the jambalaya.  I can't even make a recommendation just get what you like cause its all so damn good.
5 The Madison skies were gray today and a rare summer chill was in the air. I needed something to spice up my afternoon and New Orleans Take-Out  did the trick! I was able to score "rock star" parking across the street and made a bee-line to the cozy yellow sign and screen door (watch out--it slams if you're not careful).  For my first NOTO experience, I had the Gulf Shrimp Dinner half portion with dirty rice and cornbread on the side. Ooooweeee! That is some SPICY and delicious rice! If that's dirty, I don't want to be clean. The shrimp (about ten of 'em in a small order) were freshly dredged in their own homemade batter and fried perfectly. And the cornbread? Like a little pillow of honey and corn and butter in heaven.  I don't know why I didn't order a Po Boy sandwich. After reading the menu while eating (which is weird, I know, like watching "Food Network" while you're eating the dinner you just slaved over), I was already planning my return visit. The staff was really friendly and the music was dope. Gray skies? I can see clearly now, the rain is gone!
1 My boyfriend who hasn't lived here long was in the mood for some shrimp, and had heard about NOTO from a co-worker.  I tried to warn him that everyone talks about how great it is, but how short it falls from even being good, and how it tastes like hot sauce on white rice.  So, he went and bought some rice and shrimp slop for our dinner one night.  And, now he agrees with me.
5 I had the etouffee with cornbread and a shrip po' boy sandwich. Both were indredibly delicious and the etouffee was actually really hot like they said it would be. Very good, very cheap. Also if you go to the one by the airport you can sit down.
5 I'm a total foodie and Chicago is great for me except we don't have NOTO. The best of the best for Creole/Cajun. Lived down south, been to N'awlins many times when I was a kid in the 70's. NOTO is the best hands down. Wish some adventuresome entrepreneur would migrate NOTO down to Chicago. It would be a huge success I am sure. We don't have anything that is even close to as good so we have to make our own or take a trip up to Madison! :)
5 Ever since my husband (native to Madison) took me here, I always make several trips out from Chicago every year... otherwise my cravings for the Shrimp Creole, Red Beans and Rice with double sausage, Gumbo, Chicken Po' Boy, Jambalaya, and really anything else Roussos has got goin' on that day....will cause me to go into NOTO withdrawal. Oh! And who can forget the Panola hot sauce he uses! There is so much soul in this food and super flavor, but really it's Roussos' own personal touch that makes it so unique. The food is truly special. So get yo' self out to NOTO but make sure to bring your appetite!
5 I had the pleasure of living a block away from NOTO while in college and I fell in love with the place. Before trying their food I had never eaten Cajun cuisine so all you foodies out there might not want to put stock into my 5 Star Rating. But for me this place is great.  My favorites: I love the red beans and rice with sausage, dirty rice, shrimp dinner, corn bread, and french bread!    My only wish is that they would deliver now that I don't live next door.
4 Oyster Po' Boy is simple and subtle yet delicious.  Their potato salad lives up to their hype as well.  On the other hand, I've been disappointed in some of their other sandwiches (notably the shrimp po' boy).    The bread is really good in its own way but I agree sometimes there's too much of it.    Overall I'd be sad if they weren't around to give me my fried oyster fix every once in a while.
1 There are fewer places than New Orleans Take-Out in Madison that I could care less to eat at ever again.  The food is mediocre, I've been here twice and neither things I've had were all that amazing. I had a Shrimp Po' Boy--the shrimp was undercooked and the flavoring was dull. And I've also had the Barbequed Beef Po' Boy--also very mediocre; the meat was dry and the bread was slightly stale. And maybe that's my fault--maybe the Po' Boys overall are just lacking and anything else could be good.  The service is equally as lacking; every time I've been here I've had the misfortune of having the unhappiest looking staff and how upset they get if you ask about ingredients (I have a food allergy to onions so I always have to check just in case).  Regardless, two awful experiences with this place are enough to keep me away. Maybe it's good, but I won't bother wasting my money to try and find out.
3 I've only gotten food from here once, and it was good. Decent option for New Orleans food right here in Madison. Prices are okay.  I didn't like the gumbo much - it was too earthy for my taste.  I think there's a picnic table there if you need a place to sit outside. Indoor seating is limited, but there are 5-10 spots with a bar stool.
4 All the po boys are delicious, as are much of the sides. The red beans and rice is so-so, but the jambalaya is very tasty as well. Always stop by here for a bite if I'm in the area.
2 I was super excited to try New Orleans Take Out, sadly it was a "Meh" experience. We ordered red beans and rice with sausage, jumbalaya and crab cakes, and a bag of chips. Each order came with either cornbread or french bread.   The best was the red beans and rice with sausage. Thats the only thing I'd order again and it really was good. There wasnt much sausage at all for what you paid for.  The crab cakes were ok. About the size of a silver dollar and served over rice. The sauce that went with them was bland.  THe worst item was the jumbalaya. It was dry, the chicken was tough and there was absolutely no taste. The french bread looks so boring I didnt even bother to taste it. My sister said it was like something from the grocery store which surprised me b/c I had read some review about how the french bread was great. Very disappointing.  They also forgot our chips.  I actually ended up calling them to let them know that the food, minus the red beans and rice, was subpar. The woman who I spoke with said to mention it next time and they'd give me something free. It was a nice offer, but I dont think I will return...Im better off buying the ingredients and making it at home! So disappointing...
2 was in town last weekend on business and drove by and the thought of some nola food caught my fancy.  i ordered the combo etoufee and jambalaya that came with red beans and rice. honestly it was okay - the etoufee was good but the jambalaya was tasteless as well as the red beans and rice needed a little more kick.  i also tried the dirty rice and it was awful! it must have been cooked in a cayenne pepper jacuzzi b/c that all i tasted and drank three glasses of water!    the staff was really nice though so even though i didn't like most of the food i would come back again and this time try one of their po boy sandwich.
5 Always the best!
5 So delicious-- the fried chicken is awesome. So is the cornbread. Dirty rice is really spicy so I go 50/50 spicy/regular but honestly, this place rocks. I wish they delivered! But seriously, worth the walk. It's intended to be take out but there's a bar to eat at.
5 One of my favorite places for food in the city. Have been to New Orleans and this is as good as anything I had don there. I am a big fan of the Jumbalaya with sausage. The rice and beans, Po boys are great. The naysayers don't know the cuisine. Get your beads and go.
4 The only downside is the limited eating area (hence the name "take-out").  Parking is not so great either.  But the food is excellent!  I got yhr small Madri Gra plate for lunch which included red beans,shrimp and jambalaya.  Everything was spiced nicely and steaming fresh.  A real treat for the taste buds.
2 Bland New Orleans/Cajun food is an oxymoron, but at New Orleans take-out it's a reality.  Flavors here (with the exception of the sausage in the Red Beans and Rice) could be best described as vapid.
4 NOTO!  I was looking at the other cajun restaurants listed in Best of Madison for 2012 and this is the only one I've tried so far. But I have gone here many times and they are very consistent. Everything that I have eaten here was delicious. No let downs. Deb's bbq and whatever fish special they have are my favs; but also good are the etouffees (usually too spicy for me) and the crab cakes.   Their dirty rice (spicy) is usually a bit too much for me so I always ask for half dirty rice half white.   They are mostly a take-out place but they do have a bar area to eat in. I tend to like eating at whatever place I by my food from (I dislike take out boxes and my food cooling down) so it does well by me...I guess don't plan this as a first date type of place.
4 "EAT MO BETTAH!'   I sure did!  Walk into this small building, order your food from a super chill lay back guy and minutes later you feel like you in New Orleans. The commercial for Zatarain's was playing in my mind the whole time I was eating. But so much better then the box stuff.  Would recommend the Mardi Gras Combo (red bean&rive, jambalaya & shrimp creole) because most of the time I can't make up my mind. Now the Shrimp Étouffée is said to be very, very hot. So I got a half order to play it safe. For me I've had spicier food elsewhere. Don't get me wrong it's hot put not with 2 verys. I was kinda let down by this cause I LOVE spicy food. Hotter the better.
5 Mmmm mmmm good!  The catfish was our favorite, but everything was soooo good.  Get the cornbread!
4 Their seafood gumbo was great!  Granted the portions were a little small...I got the cup which contained 2 (or 3 I can't remember) shrimp and 1 oyster, but they were delicious!  Very tender, not overcooked and hard like most places that do seafood and the price was great too, I think it was something like 4.95.  I'm only detracting a star because their "french bread" wasn't really french bread, it was dry and crumbly and not very good.  Staff was super friendly in making the recommendation.
4 The portions are much smaller than I expected, but that's not to say that the food wasn't extremely filling. It was. I ordered a half-size jambalaya and a side of the potato salad (because the menu said I had to try it...), and had a lot of leftovers.  I loved the jambalaya! Great flavor and perfect ratio of rice to ham to chicken to tomato. It has just enough kick to make it interesting. (; The potato salad isn't anything special, but it tasted wholesome and homemade.   The service is friendly and super speedy, but if you are really looking to get in and out, I'd suggest you call in your order in advance. That's probably what I'll do next time! See ya soon, NOTO!  Tip: Cash only, so leave your plastic at home!
4 This is my favorite Creole place in Madison. Their seafood gumbo and crawfish etoufee are delicious! The cornbread just melts in your mouth. The portions are smaller and it's a little expensive for carryout but the quality of the food makes up for it. Their jambalaya is decent but it is not my favorite.  I highly recommend the sweet potato fries! They serve a very traditional bread pudding that was just not to my liking. Overall though, for Cajun food, you can't go wrong with these guys.
4 I love this place.  Great shrimp po' boy sandwiches.  It's about the only I've ever gotten just because they are so good I find it hard to get anything else.  It's about $10 for a sandwich and fries but it's excellent quality.  People seem to forget that good food costs a little more.  Sure, I could spend $6 at Mcdonalds but that's crap, so $10 for lunch that fills you up and is real food is well worth it.
5 Oyster po boy was great with creole sauce. Bf had étouffée w shrimp which was also very good.
5 I have loved New Orleans Takeout for over twenty years! Ever since a good college friend of mine (Mark) introduced it to me, I was hooked. I used to go to the Fordem Avenue location just about every week when I was living and working downtown. It was always good, cheap food that was ready in minutes. And the Fordem Avenue location was easy to get to and park at.  Now, here I am twenty plus years later and I recently re-discovered the Monroe Street location- yes, I had been there before, but now that my daughter is attending a weeknight soccer camp at UW and I have an hour to kill over the late side of the dinner hour, it is becoming a weekly dinner treat for me.  The last two weeks I have had the half-portion Mardi Gras combo. A good size plate, I cannot imagine what the full size would be. The half is fine for a meal. It comes with Red Beans and Rice (ohhh, so nice!), Shrimp Étouffée and Jambalaya and a  side of corn bread. The corn bread is the best I have ever had (and I will make my own corn bread from scratch from time to time). So moist and snapping with good corn flavor. Definitely not dry. The étouffée contains three or four nice size shrimp nestled in a warm, spicy sauce (but not too spicy- bottles of hot sauce for those who like it really spicy) with the requisite veggies. Jambalaya had good balance with ham/chicken and rice was perfectly cooked and seasoned. And the Red Beans and Rice was a real winner, helping to cool down the bite of the étouffée.  Next time I want to try the Oyster Po Boy and Blackened Catfish to see if they are as good as I remember.   Service here is as friendly and laid back as the Big Easy (these guys and women have a genuine smile plastered on their face), but each time has been prompt. Not much room to sit (maybe 8-10 stools on Monroe Street), hence the "take-out" designation in the name. Not the most attractive place in the world, but very homey and warm, with great jazz and zydecajun music. And if you eat there there is god people watching out the big windows.  I gave it five stars but in reality 4.5 is more like it. But the great music makes me decide to round it up.
4 Nice place right across the street from Camp Randall stadium. On game day we tried a few different places this was one of many.  They offer traditional NO Creole/Cajun food at a good reasonable price. Since we ate at a few places we split some fried chicken wings and red beans/rice. The chicken was excellent nice breading that was fried just right with the right amount of seasoning and not much grease. The red beans/rice were delicious too, right amount of kick and spice.  If you're in town for the game or want a taste of down south they do a great job in bringing that New Orleans Jazz to Wisconsin. This place is a little smaller but service is pretty quick, so it shouldn't take you to long to get in and out.  ""Laissez Les Bon Temps Roulez" my fellow Midwesterners!
5 I love this rare New Orleans find in Madison. Yes, most people order ahead and grab their food to go, BUT there are 10-15 bar seats available if you want to have your order fresh and hot. Which is what I usually do.   The place is quick and reliable. Great if you need food on a weekend in a rush. Service is like a fast food joint, order at the cashier, and most of the times they bring out your food.  Alright alright, what to get?  - Fried shrimp  - Fried oysters - Double sausage  Any of those with dirty rice (very peppery and spicy; so if you don't like spicy, get half and half or plain white rice) and corn bread. the corn bread is good enough to account for half a plate of rice.  - sweet potato pecan pie: sounds wierd, but strangely delicious!  The best part of this place? You can get half orders!! For small eaters like me, half orders mean two meals! delicious.   Food is cheap, fast and good. In a town full of poor graduate students and undergrads, what more can you ask for?!
5 I literally walked and biked by this place everyday for 2 years before restaurant boredom brought me in here on a warm April Friday evening. I got the fish fry special on a whim, even though the woman at the front recommended a 3-piece sampler of some sort.  It was amazing. 2 long and lean pieces of fried fish. No fishy off flavor - fresh and delicious. It was topped with some sort of butter pecan glaze including fresh pecans. To top it off I also got a cup of New England clam chowder which was also totally legit.  Having lived in the deep south for 10 years, I was very surprised to find this sort of quality in a place I'd passed over so many times. You truly can't judge a book by its cover. I'll be back here very soon, now I want to try to po boy!.
5 This place is heaven on earth for non sit-down restaurants. I'd go here everyday if it were up to me and if I had enough money. Yeah, thats my only problem with this place; I usually get so carried away with ordering food that before I know it I've burned $10-$18 on my lonesome self for a filling meal at NOTO, especially with the recent price increases. But whatever, it's worth it. For the food quality you get, the prices are reasonable.  You really can't go wrong with the menu; the worst you'll get is adequate. I've had so much stuff here so I'll just give a comprehensive review of what I liked/what wasn't incredible.  ---Stuff I thoroughly recommend:  Fried Chicken Wings: DON'T overlook these; some of the best wings I've had  Red Beans and Rice with Double Sausage: The double sausage is an absolute MUST-it will turn the dish from good to great. Don't forget hot sauce.  Shrimp Po' Boy: There's a reason these things are so popular; because they're freaking tasty. Get one and thank me later.  Oyster Po' Boy: Perfect balance of flavorful batter and oyster goodness.  Fried Catfish: Catfish heaven (in Madison, at the very least). Po' Boy of this was surprisingly not nearly as impressive.  Seafood Combo w/Sweet Potato Fries: If you're feeling luxurious, get yourself a medley of savory cod, juicy oysters and fresh shrimp. Go for sweet potato fries; the normal ones are average at best.  Shrimp Étouffée: Spicy and probably quite fattening, but a definite flavor bomb in your mouth.  Hot Sauce: Sort of a joke, but seriously put hot sauce on anything that makes remote sense. Especially the fried foods.  ---Stuff I wasn't AS impressed with:  Fried Chicken Breast Po' Boy: Just tasted like a slightly upgraded version of a generic fast-food sandwich. I got it for the relatively low price. But it was still somewhat tasty.  Catfish Po' Boy: Surprisingly I thought the Po' Boy overpowered the natural tastiness of the catfish. I might have to give this another try, though, because I do love catfish and po' boys.  BBQ Beef Po' Boy: Probably my least favorite entree on the menu... just tough cubed beef drenched in barbecue sauce on bread. Okay.  Jambalaya: Peppery and tasty to an extent, but not as flavorful as I would have hoped.  Red Rice and Beans (w/o Sausage): A bit overhyped without double sausage, although still good. Hot sauce is a must for these.  Shrimp Creole: Good and spicy but not incredible.  Mardi Gras Combo: (the above 3 in one dish) Actually the 3 together are a decent balance: if you're going to get one of them you might as well get this and get all 3.  ---Everything else I've tried that doesn't fit into either of those two categories  Deb's BBQ Shrimp: Great potential, good flavors, but seems a bit one-sided in terms of just lemon and butter. I can't really explain it; wouldn't recommend it nor discourage it.  Fried Gulf Shrimp: Above average if you're a fan of fried shrimp (and decent portion) but then again it's... fried shrimp. I'm a bigger fan of the Po' Boy.  Dirty Rice: I'm still trying to figure out what I think of this in comparison with the other dishes. It just seems like rice with salt and cayenne plus trace amounts of other spices that somehow augment the taste a little bit.  That turned out a lot longer than it should have but honestly there isn't a single thing that I've had here that I was "disappointed" with (or for anything that was I disappointed with, it was because I had set the bar so high from previous trips here). Take your pick and I'm sure you'll enjoy what you get.
5 I love how this is situated at the interception of Monroe, Randall and Regent, super convenient whether you are going from campus or after a football match or grocery shopping at Trader Joe's. It is a small and cozy place, with a handful of seats, so most people order ahead and take it to go. I especially love the seats by the window, enjoying my food while seeing the world pass by.   This place serves great New Orleans food, comparable to the ones I had at New Orleans itself when I was there for a conference. Love their oyster dishes (oyster dinner). Their classic New Orleans dishes such as creole, etouffee and dirty rice are extremely spicy, exactly as advertized on the menu, and this is coming from someone who has tried some pretty spicy food. So try it only if you have a very high tolerance for spicy stuff, or if you are feeling really adventurous that day, you have been warned ~~~  One thing I like to do is to have the half dirty rice with half white rice with my orders. That way you get the spiciness and flavors of dirty rice but it doesn't overdo the spices. They cater to small eaters as well -- order the half size. Or get the full order, then you don't have to worry about your next meal.   To sum up, their caption says it all -- EAT MO BETTAH!!
4 I've had New Orleans Take-Out, as take-out, a few times now for lunch.  I was inspired to visit by a Madison.com article highlighting the "best" sandwiches in Madison, and the oyster po' boy here made the list.  I did not have the chance to try this sandwich however, I was steered away by their sampler meal, to Mardi Gras combo. This included their jambalaya, red beans and rice and shrimp creole.  The red beans and rice was simple, delicately seasoned and made well, as it should be.  The jambalaya was loaded with sausage, the holy trinity and the like and seasoned very nicely. It was lukewarm however, somewhat of a turnoff seeing as how I ate it a few minutes after receiving my order.  In stark contrast, the shrimp creole blew me away with it's heat, both temperature wise and spiciness!  I love spicy hot, and this is not your typical "American spicy", it had me sweating good! It was also absolutely delicious, the shrimp also had a bite to it. Many make the mistake of overcooking shrimp, not so here. This became my go-to dish on my return visits.  On a later visit I also tried the crawfish po' boy, which was quite tasty. I realize crawfish can be expensive especially this far from the coast, but for $10.95 I felt there could have been a bit more meat. The sandwich was somewhat bread heavy, perhaps this is the best they can do with the cost of the crustaceans, I don't know.  Also in true New Orleans style, all the meals I've had came with a piece of cornbread, a nice addition to the ensemble.  All in all a good experience in a cuisine that is tragically unrepresented in the Madison area, definitely have the shrimp creole if you can handle the heat!
3 Great food, but small portions for the high prices.  This place is definitely nothing to get excited about.
3 Not bad! I thought they were great until I went to the Bayou. Now I swear by that place. New Orleans Take-Out is much cheaper. I lived in the south for a few years and this place doesn't quite manage to get the taste right. I don't know what it is. It's still pretty good though, just doesn't satisfy my cravings. I LOVE their cornbread. Sometimes I just get orders of that.
