4 Celebrated my 28th birthday there a few weeks ago.  I haven't ventured into this place since about 1997 when it wasn't the "upscale dining experience" it is today.  Although the interior has been cleaned up, they maintained much of it's kitschy-charm.  We had great service and wonderful food.  The calamari was absolutely delicious.  I also fell in love (lust?) with the Wild Mushroom Ragu over Polenta.  It's something I could eat and eat and eat until I died, happy for every last bite.  But be forewarned - this ain't the Olive Garden, endless soup, salad, & breadsticks are not available.  And, it's not a place to bring a "meat and potatoes only" crowd.  But we'll be back.
4 Grade: B  Go. Eat. Enjoy. Make reservations because Lombardino's is back, baby!
4 I really enjoyed my first Lombardino's experience!  I liked that the atmosphere is dark-grotto-retro-Italian-restaurant-y, but still managed to be classy.    I had a glass of chianti and one of their specials, a seafood risotto.  The risotto sauce was stunning.  It had lemon and mint in it alongside peas and chunks of tomato.  Also included were shrimp, mussels and scallops.  I've always hated mussels, so was hesitant about this dish...but the mussels were truly the best I've ever had.  They didn't taste brackish like they've always tended to at restaurants in Wisconsin.  My boyfriend had a tomato-based sauce with eggplant and mozzarella di bufala.  He was nonplussed by the dish, but I really thought it was fantastic--the sauce was complex with a nice, spicy bite to it.  He had a glass of fruity syrah, which was also good.  We rounded off dinner with a piece of chocolate espresso semi-freddo, which was accompanied by creme anglaise and three huge, tart raspberries.  Heaven.  The service was friendly and attentive (but not too much so), and the ambience was romantic.  Other than that the entrees are a bit too small for how expensive they are, I have no complaints!
5 I've eaten at Lombardino's a number of times since I moved to Madison in 1998.  When you enter the restaurant it looks like an old school Midwestern style Sicilian place, but the food transcends.  Tuscan style cuisine with a focus on locally available ingredients, it has never disappointed.  I've heard the original was average but a local favorite.  It's anything but average now and I consider one of the best upscale dining experiences in Madison.  Still a local favorite, reservations are essentail.  Has a nice bar for waiting though.
4 We had a light dinner there on a weeknight and were seated immediately. The atmosphere was dark, warm and romantic; the wall paintings and decor reminded me of the Italian Village in Chicago (http://www.italianvillage-chicago.com/).  We both enjoyed the food--I had the market tomato and goat cheese pizza, and my fiancée had the margherita pizza. The crust was crisp and the food was simple but flavorful.
4 I've always heard mixed reviews about Lombardinos, but after a few trips myself, I've figured out the secret: don't go into this thinking that you're going to get a standard Italian-Fettucini-Alfredo meal.  The pasta is so-so, bordering on bad.  The rest of the menu, from the steak to the seafood to other random things, is absolutely fantastic.  The portions are large and satisfying and there is a good, yet reasonably priced, beer and wine menu to accompany anything.  The service is about average, but the lack of attention lets the dark, quiet atmosphere take over and creates a very intimate and enjoyable experience.  Save room for dessert because the berry panacotta is a great end to a very filling meal.
4 Like everyone has said, the vintage atmosphere gives a romantic and relax evening. They also have a unique and wide drinks menu.  The bread, despite being cold, had a moist and chewy texture, which reminded me of Hungarian cheese bread. The olive oil was high grade--it was green with a strong flavor of the fruit. We started off with calamari, which was fried just right with fresh graded horseradish and marinara.  We had Pappadelle w/duck ragu and Orecchiette w/Fraboni's sausage & rapini. The pasta were fantastic in the sense that the flavors were well-balanced instead of being over-powered by cream and saltiness. If you're used to Macaroni Grill or Olive Garden or Red Lobster, you may find this bland.  You can taste the wine and the spices in the sauces. The flavors are subtle but distinct and mix well with each other.
2 So "kid sister" loves this place--and it seems like it might be a hot spot on a normal night with a normal server.   Let me say in advance--I was incredibly full when we arrived, so I had NO appetite. The menu had a great mix of classic, modern, interesting, and well built. It looks like they are super involved in the local food movement--which is cool. I will leave the food at that. Oh yeah--the wines by the glass selection was pretty sweet.   Now--our server. it was so random. He used his pen to gesture at the menu in a freaky way to see if we had any questions about the menu. The service was wicked slow. He never asked us if we wanted drinks. He took our appetizer away before we were done with it. He tried to take my entree--but I threatened him with my fork (not really, but tempting).   Anyway--totally weird service.
4 I've been to Lombardinos 5 or 6 times over the past two years. We just went again on Wednesday to celebrate my birthday. I had the beef special. As in the past, the beef was nearly perfect. The kids had the bolognese which was very traditional (I lived for a year in Bologna) and tasted great. The seasonal salad was good and the wines interesting. The service is always a little slow and wacky, but we've always had a good time. My wife had the fish special and the herb-potato puree base was delicious but almost too rich to do more than look at. While I love most of the food, the fish reminded me that maybe they sometimes try to push the flavors too far.   We like the pizza as well, but there are a number of places in town that have high-heat Neapolitan style ovens now. So, that's less of a draw. It's the prices of the entrees that make me wince. We now only go there for special occasions.
3 Sought this place out because it was across the street from my hotel, but was pleasantly surprised by the service and tasty entree.  I'm not a fish person by nature, but after a long day of tasting cheese I wanted a relatively light dinner and ordered their halibut - served over flavorful mashed potatoes with an awesome creamy (but not heavy!) sauce.  The fish was tender, flaky and moist, really nicely done.    The goat cheesecake dessert was a lovely cheesecake, but unfortunately drowning in a far too sweet cherry sauce.  I wondered if this was to smother the goat cheese flavor in the dessert - but if someone doesn't like goat cheese, maybe they just shouldn't order the GOAT cheesecake?    The wine was lovely although it cost twice as much as the one I thought we had ordered... either myself or the server was not watching my companion closely enough when he ordered it!
5 This is a top pick in Madison and a go-to place for great dining.  First, my opinion is that Italian cuisine is really hard to screw up, but it gets fancified too much.  There are fancy Italian restaurants in suburbs that people rave about, but when pressed (or tried first hand) the food is never very interesting, e.g., pasta, red wine - things like gnocchi or pesto are exotic to these people.    Now take Lombardino's.  When you walk in it clearly doesn't look like a suburban white linen restaurant - this is far more real, and without the snoot.  Well-crafted (and well-conceived) salads.  Mussels or scallops, not just steamed or seared and plopped down, but built up with nine other ingredients that contrast and complement.  Chilled soups.  Same idea with the pastas and entrees.  The desserts are necessarily less complex in a fantastic way.  Look at the menu on their website lombardinos.com - it's all true.  AND the menu changes regularly.    The wine list works very well, and the servers have always seemed happy to talk about options (in a knowledgeable way, about the food, too), grant tastes, etc.  The cocktails have always been very well done as well, and I recently tasted a campari-based creation of their own that came off brilliantly (if you've had campari, you know this takes knack).  If you like food, you'll like this place.  If you love food and think you have an adventurous or sophisticated palate, you'll love this place.
4 The bread, despite being cold, was crusty and moist and the olive oil was great.  We shared the Parma ham pizza as an appetizer and the crust was fabulous.  I would have been happy to make that my meal.  Given it was the perfect time of year for corn, I opted for the homemade polenta and vegetables and I was not disappointed.  The sweetness of the corn came through and the vegetables were perfect.  My mother had the Orecchiette pasta with sausage and rapini in a lovely cream sauce flavored with brandy.  I tasted the Bolognese thought it was well seasoned and the meat was very flavorful.  We tried the Cello flight with included lemon, lime and orange and the majority of us voted for the orange followed closely by the lime.  All in all, the dinners were very good and I look forward to returning and trying some of the other things on the menu.
3 The atmosphere and the service were both very good. The food would be very good if it were not **extremely salty** :(
3 Summary: Certainly worth a try again, an absolutely hit on one dish, a slight miss on another. Pricey, but worth it for a special occasion.   Went to Lombardino's last night with a group of 6 and had a great time. The best dish goes to the pumpkin with walnut risotto that my friend ate. I tried a bite and it was absolute heaven. I got the orecchiette pasta with sausage and a garlic cream sauce. I thought that it was good, but it was far too thick and creamy. Don't get me wrong, usually I love thick and creamy sauces, but this one just went over board. I think the problem was that they over cheesed it on top, which then blended into the sauce to create an overly thick sauce.   The wait staff was very attentive and the presentation was great. I would certainly take someone here again, but probably only for a special occasion. It was a bit pricey on my salary (entrees about 20 dollars) but certainly worth a trip at some point.
4 Great food and cozy atmosphere.  Its authentic Italian!  I always enjoy eating here whether I'm dressed up or not, they make me feel at home.  You need to have reservations though if it is a busy night!  But it is worth calling ahead for!  It is especially nice when Lois is working... she makes everyone feel like family!
5 I have been going to Lombardinos for almost ten years now several times a season and as other places had come and gone their pasta and steaks have never dissapointed.  Regularly changing menu keeps it interesting.  Since the Magnus is not as attractive as it once was this is my go-to place for special occasions and visitors.    I would suggest the two half portions of pasta to try out one of the standards and whatever the current special is.  The Calamari appetizer is so far better than the standard that I can no longer order it anywhere else without being highly disappointed.  The few times I have had room for a bite the deserts have been great.  Beware, the after dinner infused drinks can lay you out!  I have not been to Italy but the only place in Madison that even comes close to the authentic, quality cuisine at Lombardinos is the Greenbush, and they are more of a quick bite with a drink kind of place.
5 This is the best restaurant in Madison! I've never been disappointed with them.
4 flat out the best pizza in madison.  Seriously.  We used to order entrees here until we got around to trying the pizza and since then we've never ordered anything but.  I'm not a huge fan of the wine list, it tends to be mid range in cost but we never seem to get a bottle that I really really like.    The service is usually spotty and we always have to wait for our table at the bar even though we always have a reservation (which you need).  Despite this, we keep coming back for the pizza.
5 Surprised to find such good food inside what looked a bit like Bucca di Beppo's on the outside. Excellent meal here with locally sourced foods. Eating with my family who farm nearby, they were able to agree with the authenticity of the listed farm names. Warm pear salad, bolognese, and panna cotta were all good.
4 Lois no longer works here, but I hear the food is still good....
2 Bring back the original! There pasta is poor to avg, the portions were good but who cares when the food is avg.  Waiter couldnt get it right and came back a few times asking what we wanted. Whats that all about? I miss the Lombardinos in the 70's, 80's and early 90's.
3 I like Lombardino's. I do not always like everything they have, though.  Lombardino's is a sensible restaurant near the UW campus that uses fresh ingredients and changes their menu seasonally--if you come in at different points in the year, you will not be able to find the same dish you fell in love with a month or two ago, potentially.  I've been here three times and it's pretty solid, but not always a home run. The best thing I've had here was a White Sangria (May) and a spinach pizza (October). Their Red Sangrias aren't slouchy, but they don't taste as fantastic as they could--they lack a little bit and it shows up in taste.  The desserts I've only had once, but what I had was amazing. This place is great for upscale, but affordable dining.
2 I've tried their pasta and, more recently, their pizza, and both were very unremarkable, which has been quite disappointing considering what I had heard from others. The pizza in particular seemed bland and tiresome.
2 We had dinner there last weekend for the first time in a long time.  We heard changes in management (or ownership?) had improved the food tremendously, and like the idea of locally grown, organic meat and in-season vegetables.  Our dinner was a mixed bag.  My $12 glass of wine was just so-so, my husband's vodka tonic was -- hard to screw up.  My salad was lovely, my husband's had way too much dressing on it.  My husband's entree (steak) was good but no better than you'd get at most steak houses; my entree (short ribs) was bad -- so heavily seasoned you'd never know what kind of meat you're eating, and the accompanying vegetables were extremely salty.  I left most of it.  My dessert (three scoops of three different sorbets) was light and delicious, my husband's (flourless chocolate cake) was ho-hum.  It wasn't a $100 dinner.
3 Classic, slightly kitschy Italian. Good food... although, like any good Italian restaurant, I recommend it as THE event of the night. Don't plan on going out after dinner to bars or dancing... you'll want to slip into a happy food coma instead.
4 This place has some pretty solid dishes. Recently went with a group of friends and had a try of pizza, eggplant parmesan, steak and all were great. I tend to think their specials are superior to their other items in flavor and quality.  The wine is waaaay too expensive and good but not great.   Make sure you make a reservation, otherwise you'll be waiting a long time and be met with scowls.
1 I don't have much to say about Lombardinos. I have heard good things about it here and there and finally went to dinner there a few weeks ago with two other couples. Honesty, It was terrible. My food wasn't anything I couldn't make myself at home. They don't have a huge selection, I had Spaghetti Bolognese, my Boyfriend had the nightly special and the rest of our group had the eggplant Parmesan. Not one of us particularly enjoyed our meal and the service was just OK, the waitress never introduced herself and was very brief with us. We were seated by the door and there was quite a draft each time a customer would walk in, which wasn't very comforting. I wore my jacket at the dinner table for the night. I would not recommend this place to a friend.
3 I've heard a lot of good things about this place, so we went here for my girlfriend's birthday.  It was the first night of their new menu, so the only real problems I had should be taken lightly since they're works in progress.  Reservation was listed as it should have been, and we were sat almost immediately.  Our server was there to get our drink order (a bottle of Syrah Blend...Cusumano I believe) quickly, and she explained the specials.  We ordered, got our bread allotment, and was off to a smooth start.  The wine was very good by the way.  The food was hit and miss, but again, this was their first night with the new menu.  We split a caesar salad, which was tasty and what I'd think of as a normal portion AFTER being split between the two of us (which they did in the kitchen).  The only problem I had was that the pumpkin ravioli tasted like pumpkin pie ravioli.  WAY too sweet, which made me wonder if they had tasted this version lately (a previous version was apparently even sweeter).  The Fraboni Sausage pasta dish was good, but didn't jump off the plate or anything...probably a good thing : )  Seriously though, it was a solid dish.  The best dish, by far, was the Hereford Filet.  We inquired as to where it was from, and I guess it's not sourced locally.  Regardless, it was perfectly cooked--medium rare--and the accompanying mushrooms, onions and sauce were delicious.  We were honest about all of this with the server, who received our commentary well when we were asked how everything was.  She also noted how the kitchen liked the constructive feedback since it was the first night with the new menu, etc.  Even if that's not true, it was nice to feel heard.  We didn't do dessert, as we have another local place that we like to frequent for that.  The desserts on the menu looked ok though, for whatever that's worth.  I think that 4 stars is definitely within reach for me here, but 3 fits this experience well.  It was "A-Ok".  I will definitely come back here again.  The ambiance is nice, it's quiet for a larger restaurant, and everyone knows what they're doing.
3 I am very boring when it comes to my Italian food I prefer. Lombardino's is a little too fancy for my taste. I would have gave it 4 stars but my wife's walleye fillet was full of bones and the spaghetti was not as described and my son was not pleased.
4 Bold tastes.  Good service.  Full bar- good Martini. Kind of 50'-s ish (in a good  way).  Maybe a little pricey, but definitley a treat!
5 Yum. Yum. Yum.  Good food. Not trying too hard. Just good. This is what I love about Madison.  We started off with the pork belly. And while I'd love to say this is what nabbed me, it was the polenta. The creamy polenta, flavorful cabbage and crunchy pork belly blended together well. I could have eaten this as a meal in itself.  We then split a pizza and an entree. For starters, you can do a half and half pizza! What a great option for those indecisive people out there who read into a menu too much. (pointing a finger at myself). We tried the barbecued octopus pizza, which was tasty, (but I'm always iffy about sweet and spicy) as well as the mushroom, Frabroni's sausage and fontina pizza. The latter won us over, but is for a mushroom lovers.  What I should be mentioned is it's cooked to a beautiful, crunchy perfection in their wood-burning oven, Neapolitan style. In my opinion, the best way. I have had pizza here before and it made my tastebuds happy that it is consistently this delicious.  We finished off with the pan seared sea scallops. Four large, perfectly crisp scallops served on top of surprisingly light mashed potatoes. I found myself full but taking little bites of the potatoes and tarragon-short rib reduction just because it was delicious.  I should also note, we were both guided toward perfect wine choices through their knowledgeable staff. Much appreciated.  I'm looking forward to returning.
4 Not much to add. An older established Italian restaurant on the west-side. Not snooty. No need to be all dressed up but OK if you wanted to make it special.  Excellent food. Service was great. The Spring lamb ragu on pasta was rich and wonderful. The fresh white anchovy pizza was exceptional. I paired it with an Italian pinot noir/cab blend.  Perfect!  S.U. had seared scallops on a beef ragu on bacalao (salt-cod) mashed potatoes. Wow!   We're only in town for a few days but I'll try to make it back for another pie.
3 Food was decent. I know Madisonians have a bit of sticker shock on the prices, but I wasn't too phased - the portions seemed pretty large. I enjoyed a pizza which was flavorful though a little doughy around the edges for my tastes. Nicely dressed salad. Best of all? An expert Negroni. Wine selection was a bit shallow as I recall, so had to tough it out with a Barolo. Funky old interior, a bit cramped, but hearing conversation at the table was never a problem. I'd go back.
3 I ended up here on a Wednesday night when realizing that planning to dine downtown during Concerts on the Square is pretty much impossible if you are going by car. My friend wanted Italian, so we headed back to Lombardino's.   The place was packed, but there was room by the bar at the small cocktail tables. Not exactly the most ambiance, but we were hungry and were too busy catching up to even care.  We both got a glass of white sangria, which was average. I ordered the Chicken Under a Brick, and a Caesar salad(which our server recommended). The salad was nothing special. Too much cheese, although the croutons were good(but when is toasty, fat laden bread bad?). The chicken was crispy and the polenta was creamy. Good combo, but nothing wowed me. My friend had the spaghetti, and didn't even comment on it. Not sure if that's good or bad.   Maybe I'm just picky, but given the price tag of the night, I think I'd try another location before coming here again.
5 I'm so glad that this place didn't sell out to the development next door.  Lombardino's  has changed (and improved!) over the years, but retains so much of its classic-Madison character.  I hope that Lombardino's with it's throw-back mural and Trevi fountain replica, stay a neighborhood fixture for  generations to come.  We stopped in Saturday night with friends and were reminded of how much we love this place.  From the starters garnished their fresh pea shoots, to the pasta courses, to perfectly cooked steaks and scallops, we left very satisfied.  Friendly and attentive staff don't hurt either.
5 My all time favorite restaurant in Madison.  Last night had the lamb ragu with linguini- excellent!!!  Pizza Lombardino is always a winner.
2 Hadn't been here for years, but decided to try it because we could eat early, eat at the bar (always more fun in my opinion), and because it was close to the early evening movie we'd be seeing later.  We each had a nice glass of white Italian wine and, not knowing alot about Italian wines, we were helped nicely by our bartender.  We decided to split a neopolitan style pizza and enjoy separate salads.  I'm not a fan of pizza in general, but I do love neopolitan style disks.  The "Insalata Lombardino" was excellent -- fresh, perfectly dressed, and larger than we expected.  We ended up being grateful for its generous portion because the pizza was a real disappointment.  We were expecting a thin, crisp crust with almost sparse toppings.  (We probably should have inquired, but we didn't.)  Instead we were presented with a pizza that was piled with cheese and the other ingredients -- alot like any pizza you can order anywhere ... thicker crust, brimming with cheese.  I'm sure there'd be plenty of folks happy with that, but we ordered something else.  Picking off the mounds of cheese, we left quickly afterward.  I can't speak to the rest of the menu, but don't come here for neopolitan pizza.
2 If you like 10 lbs of cheese on your Neapolitan pizza, this is your place! Me, if I wanted a cheesy pizza with lots of toppings, I would have gone to Glass Nickle; Neapolitan pizza this is not. Advertise it as something else. The cheese took over, the prosciutto was lost, and where was the paprika aioli on the roasted zucchini pizza? Buried under the cheese, probably. I'm sure this would be a bonus for some, but I wasn't looking for a gut bomb pizza experience. They do let you go half and half on the pizzas, which is always a bonus.   Okay okay...but Lombardino's namesake salad was really really good, lightly dressed, and a generous portion.  Lombardino's also has a good sized wine list, and the service at the bar was attentive. Despite this,  I'm not going to go to a particular restaurant just for it's salad.   To note: if you are particularly snobby about cocktails (*raises hand*), they don't measure here, FYI.  Also to note: the bar area is cute, though I don't think I would dine in the main restaurant. The ambiance is rather cheesy (get it!?).
4 Lombardinos is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  Don't be thrown by the piratesque decore, the food is outstanding.  I was last there on New Years Eve, and the caprese salad was unbelievable.  I had to keep my dinner companion at bay with a fork to save some for myself.    Everytime that I have been, the service has been outstanding.    Don't waste your time on the pizzas.  They are good, but the rest of the menu is filled with beautifully mixed flavors.  I tend to steer clear of the cream-based dishes.  They are fine, but the other dishes have much more flavor to them.
5 Loved this restaurant. The ambiance is excellent--low lighting, warm colors, and authentic Italian decorations abound. I've read a couple reviews about food saying it was not excellent...I've only been here a couple of times, but both times I was very pleased with the quality and taste. The prices are not cheap, but in my opinion are reasonable for excellent service, ambiance and quality of food. But...I never have a problem with "too much" cheese. ;)
4 Yum! Went here on a Sunday night, and it was delicious. We got seated immediately which was great, and the servers were very friendly and accommodating. The food was rich and delicious. I will definitely be back!
5 May be my favorite place in Madison. Great ambiance -- not pretentious, homey, but with a hint of irony. The food is top notch, and Bennet is the best bartender I've ever encountered, anywhere. And I'm a lush, so that's saying a lot. ;-)    Few places in Madison can match the food, and none have its combination of friendliness, service, quality and relaxed ambiance.
3 I always get excited to go here, but I'm never that impressed with the food. It's good, but not great. Nice atmosphere & staff though.
5 Without question the best and most consistent food in Madison. When I read these reviews I'm consistently amazed by Madison's preference for style or perceived "coolness" over substance and taste. This place is amazing! My wife and I enjoyed or anniversary there last night and decided to go small plates...braised pork cheeks over polenta, the best calamari anywhere, pizza Lombardino (prosciutto and arugula), and a half order of house made pappardelle with truffled mushrooms....all were amazing, not to mention wonderful desserts grilled ginger cake with homemade pumpkin ice cream and a caramelized banana and nutella crepe. I've probably been there 10 times and have love it everytime. Please throw out any misconceptions of this being traditional old school Italian. The food is creative and tastes incredible!
3 Food was fantastic. I had the pappardelle with truffled mushrooms. It was amazing. Boyfriend had spaghetti bolognese which was easily the best I've tasted in the area. Our only complaint would be regarding the service. We say for 15-20 minutes before we were even brought water let alone greeted by our server. When she did come she barely spoke to us, took our drink order and left. He ordered a glass of Sangiovese which was described as having a "big, bold finish" but was served in a very small white wine glass. I went to the bar and asked for the proper glass. Once the food came, all was forgiven until we asked for our remaining food to be boxed. We ordered more drinks...no boxes brought out. Ordered dessert (got the sampler which was wonderful)...no boxes. Paid our bill...no boxes. Finally flagged down a different server to get them. Of all three courses we had, our actual server only brought out one. It should also be noted that we went on a random Tuesday. It was not overly bust at all. Overall, I'd rate the food a definite 5 stars. But the service is lucky to be getting a 2 star rate. We will go back, though. The food was worth it. But we'd probably just sit at the bar.
5 Was visiting Madison on business and felt like having sushi, punched the GPS for a place and when I got there I looked at the sushi place, then glanced across the street at this italian joint that looks like its been there for 50 years.  Madision WI, an Italian place that looks like its been there since Eisenhower?!?! Hmmmm  I walked across the street, walked in, the decor was like it looked in 1950 (which the waitress told me is when it was built) beautiful mosaic tile behind the bar, which I am told the original owner brought over from Italy with him.  The decor is kitchy 1950's, nothing has changed.   but The food is to die for!!!  I am a Brooklyn born Italian, and this is the best italian food I have had in a decade!  I'd like to use one of my NY Expletives but I will just say this is good frickin' food!!  I had for an appetizer, Milk Braised Pork cheeks on local polenta. Let's just say there were too many people in the place so I couldn't lick the plate! The pork was butter soft, the polenta was cooked to perfection!!  for main course I had Meyer Lemon Seafood Linguine  Mussels were the most tender I have ever had, as was the shrimp, how does this guy cook mussels like this?!?!? This is a dish where too much lemon and it's ruined! not the case here, done again to perfection.  What's sad is I don't live here, but I will be back and I will aspire to try every thing on the menu.  Service was also wonderful, kind, smiling waitress, answered every question I had about the food and the restaurants history.  Summary: Just north of incredible across the board!
5 Lombardino's combines innovation with tradition and comfort. The cocktails are prepared and served with careful attention. My dining companion loves the bloodorangecello martini.  They always do a great gin martini for me.  The appetizers are bright and offer an inspiring balance to the entrees. In the spring, their pea shoot salad has a lively dressing with almond to add some crunch.  The caesar salad is as good as I've had anywhere. It comes with hard-cooked egg, a drizzle of tapenade, croutons, Reggianno, and yes, anchovies.  The dressing is perfect--a tad lemony.  The soups are often a meal for me when accompanied with their perfect home cooked bread and olive oil for dipping.  I'll often sit at the bar when there alone.  The wine list features Italian wines that I would never try if it weren't for the complete wine list here.  The entrees spotlight special ingredients and techniques while calling out to tradition. The menu offers seasonal change and daily specials. You can always rely on an appealing choice of pizzas and grilled meats from a wood-burning oven.  The desserts are no exception when you dine at this remarkably consistent Madison mainstay.  Look for the boca negra and tiramisu.  You can go elsewhere, spend more and feel flashier and more indulged, but you'll never eat a better meal in Madison.  Mind you, the service is consistently excellent.  Note: I've heard a lot of people around Madison complain about the transformation of Lombardino's from a cheaper pasta joint into a gourmet restaurant with higher prices. I never went to the old Lombo's, but I do know that there are few restaurants in the country that consistently offer such innovative and home cooked food in this kind of relatively humble setting.  I hope the devotees of the old Lombo's can move on and see this restaurant for what it is--a constant and delicious producer of innovative Italian-American cuisine.
5 This is truly my favourite restaurant in town.  Their bread is amazing, everything I've ever had has been delicious, and the cocktails are restrained and classy.  The decor does not do the place justice, but I'm happy they haven't changed it - to me, it keeps the place more humble.  I'd recommend the pizza to anyone - and haven't found it particularly cheesy as another review mentioned.  I have found their hostess and some staff to be a bit snobbish and unhelpful, particularly for a large party holiday dinner.  They refused to give a reservation for a group of 10, which just seems like a poor business practice.  The food makes up for their staff failings.
5 I could write a novel about Lombo's...I have eaten here almost many, many times. I studied at UW. After to moving to Chicago and then Miami, I always eat at Lombardinos when visiting Madison.  The food here is a mix of traditional and what I would call creative/traditional Italian, mostly northern Italian with a few regional inserts. The wine list is immense and the staff is really knowledgable about the menu and the wine list.  Notable: To find a restaurant that changes its menu every 2 to 3 months is a hidden treasure these days.  Its nice to eat with fresh ingredients with dishes that make sense in that season.  Try to eat multiple courses by sharing some items or asking if you can have a half order.  They have always been accomodating to get me a half portion of something that make sense without wasting food.  I like to get (or share) a half salad, a half pasta and a full entree. You should never leave without dessert.  Just eat here, its memorable, tasty and feels like home.
2 Although I've dined at Lombardino's before and it's probably a three-or-four star meal, I need to give two stars due to the poor service I received on a return visit. I called for reservations a few weeks ago, and the restaurant's voicemail instructed me to call back during business hours or leave a voicemail. I called back a few times during business hours, but still did not connect with an actual person, so I left a voicemail requesting a reservation. I did not receive a call back. I showed up in person several hours later and asked what the wait would be for my party. The host, upon hearing my name, said she had received my voicemail but forgot to call me back. She said there was no way they could seat me until almost 10 PM - four hours later! That was unacceptable to me and my group and I went elsewhere.  I totally understand that mistakes happen, and I would have been okay if there had been some attempt to squeeze us in or accommodate us in some way. But the attitude was "sorry" and that was basically it. I would have been fine waiting 10 or so minutes while they tried to figure out if some type of dinner arrangements could be made - but it was pretty much, "you're out of luck." I was pretty disappointed because I enjoyed my last experience at Lombardino's, but I don't know if I'll go back due to the poor service I received.  P.S. I should have just used OpenTable :-)
4 First of all, great tap beer selection! Local and other various micro brews with full flavor. Obviously they also have an extensive wine list :)  This place is charming and chic. I loved the wall colors and the tiled art around the bar. I was at Lombardino's on a Friday night without a reservation, so we sat and ate at the bar. The bar tenders were super busy but managed to be friendly and attentive between pours.   Everyone I was with had pasta and it was all delicious. Very fresh tasting with great sauces. The dishes were unique, yet not so weird that you get sick of it after 3 bites.   Nice, cozy place. Oh yeah, we also had dessert... yum.
3 Need to try again on a date night
5 Make no mistake, Lombardino's is one of the best restaurants in Madison in terms of taste and value. I've eaten at Lombardino's about 25 times in the last three years and the food has been consistently excellent.   The menu is a combination of seasonal and signature dishes. The food sublimely combines authentic italian cuisine and techniques with inventive seasonal flavors. The portions are satisfying without being overwhelming.  I highly recommend the caprese appetizer, beef carpaccio appetizer, eggplant capanata appetizer, ORECCHIETTE Pasta with FRABONI'S SAUSAGE & RAPINI dinner entree...  I could go on and on but all you really need to know is that this place rocks Balls!
5 Having been to Lombo's maybe 100 times, we might expect to be occasionally bored by the fare.  This latest meal, however, once again wowed us.  It was the starters that were a revelation.  The lamb sweetbreads were grilled and served over creamy polenta, garnished with a garlicky dressing and arugula.  The truffled potato soup was rich, balanced and a mouth full of perfect flavor.  The caesar, then the speck and potato pizza were, as usual, perfectly done.  But those starters were a jolt to the senses and some of the many reasons to keep on returning to Madison's most consistent and original restaurant.
5 I'm going to sum up every review that's been written about Lombardino's: it's ridiculously good.   If you're looking for a place for a romantic dinner date with great food, knowledgeable service, and a cozy atmosphere, this is it.   For those (like me) who aren't very fancy, here's how to get the most out of your Lombardino's experience:   1) Make a reservation via Open Table (or call). This isn't a snooty place, but it is small and there's no real waiting area. Make a reservation and you'll be fine.  2) Look nice but don't overdo it. Nobody there is in an evening gown. But they also aren't wearing sweat pants.  3) Order a bottle of wine. If you like reds, my suggestion is the Montepulciano d'Abruzzo. You'll thank me.  4) Order an appetizer. My suggestion is the Antipasta Misti, essentially a meat and cheese tray with toasted bread and a pear spread.   5) Order pasta. The pizza is good but the pasta is fantastic. Ask your server what they recommend, they know their stuff. You can order half of one pasta and half of another.   6) Order dessert. You can't go wrong with cannoli or tiramisu.   7) Take your time. It's not weird for dinner to take 2-3 hours.   For a party of 4 (and we ordered everything from wine to dessert), our bill was about $130. Worth every penny.
1 Wow.  Just got back from Lombardino's.  I arrived with my date and we were promptly seated at a bar table.  Our waiter, Matt, appeared and greeted us.  Apparently he had some sort of prior relationship with the person I was with.  No big deal - I'm here for the food.  I ordered drinks and an appetizer, as well as their signature pizza.  I hate arugula so I ordered it without.    After taking our orders I never saw our waiter again.  I sat with an empty glass for 15-20 minutes while he sat milling around the bar, occasionally making drinks.  When my pizza finally came, it arrived with EXTRA arugula.  I sent it back and waited some more, still receiving zero attention from our waiter.  Finally I pulled aside another waitress and told her to get the check.  Immediately thereafter the correct pizza arrived, which I sent back.  The waiter who spent half the night doing nothing came over and asked if anything was wrong.  I told him we wanted the check and we were leaving.  He was a smug asshole the entire time, going so far as to box up the pizza and depart with a snarky "Take it or leave it we don't care."    This guy either sucks at his job or he was carrying his personal life into the workplace.  Totally unprofessional.  It's unfortunate, because I believe the reviews when they say the food here is delicious, but I will never dine here again.
5 Easily the best restaurant in Madison.
5 Wow! This place is great! Super old school feel to it. Great wine selection, good local beers on tap! Food is spectacular. I sat at the bar Ben and Matthew were fantastic. I hope it doesn't take long to become a regular, the rapport that they had with the regular clientele was phenomenal! I will be back! Thanks gents!
3 I went here with some friends to catch up after a long semester. My first impression when I got in here was that the decorations were pretty cool, and the whole atmosphere was very cozy and intimate -- a great place to take someone on a date.   We started off with calamari for appetizers, which was good and had nice and crispy batter but was a bit on the salty side. As for the main dish, I had the spaghetti bolognese and my friend had the rabbit ragout. I thought the spaghetti was alright. It was satisfying and it was cooked correctly, but I was just not into the flavors. Maybe I just didn't order the right thing. I also tried my friend's rabbit dish and that was definitely interesting. Rabbit is very richly flavored and a little tangy. I think that dish was probably better.   Overall, I thought the atmosphere was great and the service was good, but the food was just okay.
2 Like lasagna with your salt, or pizza with your salt?
4 The food was excellent and the service was attentive. The clientele was the only drawback on my visit. This is more to do with me than the restaurant. I wanted privacy and intimacy, but the people next to us seemed to want to be part of our dinner experience.  It is a very cozy restaurant and I will definitely go there again. The food was outstanding! I definitely recommend the warm goat cheese salad.
5 Wonderful Italian food. Especially love their salads and breads. Never been disappointed with any dish they've served. Nice atmosphere and wonderful staff. One of our favorite restaurants.
5 Lombardino's is perhaps the best hidden secret of University Avenue's west side. The low lighting and warm interior belies the chipped paint wall mural on the outside of the building.  By a quick glance of the menu, you can tell they like to feature seasonal ingredients, and a quick taste confirms their freshness. Overall, the quality of food was top notch, both carefully arranged and seasoned. My dinner companion and I tried both red and white sangrias, and would recommend them. While a bit pricey for the budget conscious, it's perfect for a low-key but special meal.
5 My husband and I had a great first experience here.  We had reservations and upon arriving we were immediately shown to our table.  The service (Michelle) was impeccable, getting the beer and wine we ordered almost immediately on a busy Sat night.  Michelle was on top of it, but allowed us to enjoy our quiet experience.  I would say, and my husband agrees, Lombardinos has the best eggplant parm we have ever had.  I will definitely return, next time inviting friends and family.
4 I can't believe that I've lived here for this long and have never been to Limbardino's before! Made a reservation for Friday night, arrived about twenty minutes early and entertained ourselves at the bar.  Service was good and friendly, and we were seated within just minutes of our reservation  The menu offers pasta, but it appears that the real stars are their Jordanal pork entrees. I loved my orchiette dish with rapini I also ordered a salad starter, the house salad, and my only complaint is that I prefer to dress it myself. The yummy brandy vinaigrette made up for any disappointment.  Drinks were good, a tad pricey, but they have diet tonic, which is hard to find, except at our house:) so an extra star for that
4 Lombardino dinner with good companies was a welcoming scene at the end of a cold, rainy Wednesday (in April, sigh).  This place makes me feel so relaxed (get the table #4 - end booth in the brick section). The wine they had on special was so delicious, and the our server was so pleasant and attentive. I like old-school service and atmosphere in restaurants, so this was very well-suited for me.   On to the food. Appetizer calamari was good. I can't claim that it's the best - I prefer higher ratio of calamari to breading, but the seasoning was good. Pasta dishes vegetarian Pappadelle and eggplant/tomato spaghetti was good as well. Again, not out of the world fabulous, but deserving of 3-4 stars.   3 of us shared a desert plate - my favorite was sour-cream ice cream. That was 5 star yummy. Yep, I broke all my vegan rules, but it was worth it. Expanding horizon is always fun.
3 Ambience could have been a little more pleasing.  The restaurant itself is a little cramped but the food does make up for it. The Bolognese pasta dish was authentic and had a great flavor to it. Calamari was a small portion and needed seasoning but nice touch with the horseradish. Ribeye was nicely cooked to medium as requested just a little charred on the sides.
5 Don't be fooled if you remember a run of the mill italian place from your childhood.  Ownership change 10ish years ago put lombardinos amongst the best in Madison.
5 Amazing spaghetti and pork selection!!!  The atmosphere is slightly lacking, but the food and wine can't be beat.
5 I had always thought the Lombardino had moved away or closed just by looking at the outside of the building.  CityTin made me realize that it's actually open.  So I went there for dinner and was very impressed.    Atmosphere was casual and charming, although I personally like brighter restaurants.  Food and service were both great.  We had the tomato-mozzarella-basil pizza and it was as good as it gets.   Calamari was very very good although not exceptional.  The Italian wedding soup had excellent flavor, if not a little too salty.  The lowlight of the meal was the rolls which were just so-so.  Overall it's a great place and I highly recommend it.  Make reservations if you can because it fills up quickly.
5 I'll give them 5 stars, although no restaurant is absolutely perfect! I ordered an eggplant and pasta dish, which was enough for lunch the next day. It was 2 big "steaks" of eggplant, breaded and sautéed/fried, over pasta with a tomato sauce. YUM! My mom had thin slices of eggplant wrapped around goat cheese, and my dad had a pasta dish with mussels in the shell. My parents are "foodies" (aka food-snobs) and completely approved! We ordered the dessert sampler of tiramisu, chocolate/sea salt pudding, and berries with meringue. YUM!
3 I really wanted to love Lombardino's.  Nothing would please me more than a place that serves up good, classic homestyle Italian with an occasional modern touch to keep it fresh.  After two visits, it just missed the mark.  I have never had anything bad here, but I have had some remarkably mediocre things and I have never had anything amazing.  And that is really the problem.  I could forgive mediocrity if it is mixed in with the sublime, but Lombardino's never quite manages to really excite my palate.  I recommend Osteria Papavero for Italian in Madison even though it is not trying for old school like Lombardino's.
4 Had a late dinner there last Friday and was happy that yelp did not steer me wrong again! My red sangria and calamari appetizer were delicious. I had a spicy mussel pasta special and it was scrumptious. I was impressed with the atmosphere and the service. There are not many great Italian restaurants of this caliber in Madison. Would be nice if they made veal parm to try. Looking forward to our next visit!
5 I thought I settled for the closest restaurant because I was exhausted and perhaps having zero expectations made this experience all the better. Background is that my 17 year old daughter and I started in Ohio 4 days ago and have visited 5 colleges since. My husband joined us at Purdue. University of Wisconsin is our last stop before heading home and after being bossed around by a short, spoiled diva for what it felt like 10 years, we were excited for the possibility of a drink. She stayed in the hotel room (thank god) and we walked across the street to a shabby, suspect looking old building with their name on it. It had decent Yelp reviews so that is the only reason we tried it. OMG...sat in the bar at a table that bordered the dining room and started with an old fashioned. Ordered a sausage/arugula pizza to start. Thought I died and went to heaven. Had to reevaluate our menu choices because we were already satisfied. Seasonal soup of pork meatball, white bean, kale, escarole, and tomato was rich and satisfying...want the recipe. I ordered the orachietti with sausage and rapini which was in a cream sauce kissed with brandy. Yum. Ordered a glass of wine with dinner: nice selection, nice pour. We skipped dessert to deliver our piping hot margarita pizza to our sick daughter across the street which she devoured in 10 minutes. Helpful, kind, efficient, knowledgable staff. Completely pleasant experience. Best of our Midwest college tour!
4 We went for dinner, and just loved it.  I had 1/2 ORECCHIETTE with FRABONI'S SAUSAGE & RAPINI, and 1/2 SPICY SAUSAGE & CLAMS, and hubby had WOOD GRILLED PAPRIKA SAUSAGE & OCTOPUS.  Both of us loved our dishes.  The sausage and clams have a very nice fire to them.  Get's ya sweating just a bit.  The Orecchiette was just plain delicious.  I would order both again.  I love the fact that they will let you do 1/2 & 1/2 orders of pasta!  Hubby loved his Octopus.  Said the sausage wasn't anything special tho. For dessert, we had the Brioche french toast, and hubby had a chocolate pot de creme.  Both were quite good. We will be going back.
2 Was looking forward to celebrating a new job with dinner here. The food was great but the service was awful. We waited over ten minutes just for our waiter to come to the table. He didn't introduce himself or offer anything (drink/menu specials, etc) but he did make an excuse that it was really busy (on a Tuesday with four empty tables around us). He took our orders and said he'd be back with bread. He took another ten minutes to bring bread and drinks. When we were done eating, he came by to see if we needed a box. When he brought back the check, he left it on the table and ignored us for 20 minutes. We tried flagging him, telling him we were ready  and I finally had to stand up to stop him from ignoring our table again. We watched and listened as he talked to the elderly couple behind us, offering up the specials and explaining dishes to them. He literally ignored our attempts to stop him and several times turned and walked away!  Really disappointing.
4 Love this place. Excellent pizza, terrific calamari, outstanding specials, great wine list sll in an authentic retro setting.  Best bagguettes in Madison.  (For take out at $3 each if you want a take home treat.)
3 I blame myself. My expectations were high. Not sure why, but they were.  I found no fault, per se, in any of the dishes we ordered, yet I wasn't blown away. I didn't have that eager-for-the-next-bite kinda feeling that I always hope for; everything just seemed average.  As usual, our party ordered an appetizer of calamari to enjoy alongside the complimentary bread and olive oil. No complaints. Though I didn't dig into either too much.   As far as entrees, we ordered:  *Butter pasta and parmesan  *Wood-grilled paprika sausage and octopus w. red potatoes, chickpeas, swiss chard, san marzano tomato, and saffron aioli  *Chicken milanese of parmesan and breadcrumb chicken w. salsa verde and fried egg, served on polenta  *Orechiette with fraboni's sausage and rapini w. roasted garlic-steeped cream and a splash of brandy  *8oz cider brined pork loin chop w. yukon golds, seared escarole, grilled lemon & tuscan olive oil    Of everything that we ordered, what most stands out for me as enjoyable was the pork loin chop. I was able to try a few bites and quite enjoyed the dish.   So I wouldn't rule this place out right away. I plan on giving it another try, as some other dish may pleasantly surprise me.
4 Consistent. Nice wine list. A little too cutesy in the decor, but the best Itailian place in Madison. The spag Bolognesse is just about a perfect dish.
4 I came here for restaurant week and it was my first experience here. It's a pretty small, romantic feeling place that's great for dates. The appetizer, pasta, meat, and dessert were all so good. I was very satisfied. I want to come back and try some of their dishes on their regular menu. It's pretty difficult to find parking. It is easier during a snowy winter, but I'm not sure if I even want to try to find parking around there during nicer seasons.
4 Went on a date to Lombardino's. It was my first time coming here and I was impressed by the buzz in the restaurant and the nicely dimmed lights. It was pretty busy for a Wednesday night. I personally like that. Busy restaurant = must be good! My date made a reservation for 7 o'clock and requested a corner table. Ask and you shall receive. For dinner I ordered the Orcchiette with Fraboni's sausage and rapini. I enjoyed the sauce and the pasta. The best part of the dish was the spicy sausage. However, I did not enjoy the rapini. The "splash" of brandy was overwhelming for me. If I order this dish again, I will simply request no brandy. My date ordered the Linguini with clams. There was an abundant amount of clams in his dish and he seemed to enjoy his dinner. We both ordered drinks. I got a Moscow mule (no copper cup), and he ordered a Marker's Mark old fashion (on point). Our server Tad did a great job. He was very proper and polite. I asked for more time to look over the menu and his timing was perfect. I plan on returning here and I look forward to trying the Bolognese. A guy sitting a table away ordered it and it looked great. I do recommend you make a reservation, especially since on a weekday night it seemed busy.
5 Love Lombardinos for their calamari, pizza, pasta and desserts!! Yes, that is a lot of food, so as you have guessed, this is a perfect place to go hang out with friends for a nice meal together.   They have seasonal specials for pizza and pasta. But I got reluctant to order from the specials cos  1) tried the squash pizza offered during their squash specials but the squash was not properly cooked =( 2) their combinations can be pretty adventurous, once I saw a sour cream flavored gelato ~~  I would saw go for it if you are up for trying some new stuff, but for me I prefer my traditional go-tos when I am here. I would always start with the calamari, the marinara sauce is a great pairing to the calamari, it does come with horse radish sauce but you can always tell them to leave it out if it like me, it's not your favorite sauce.  The highlights for me have always been the desserts in addition to the Italian food. They have superb home-made gelato ice-cream and the serving is really generous! The flavors vary but the classics such as vanilla (wow the texture of vanilla beans!!) have always been there all those times I'd visited. I would also recommend the tiramisu, it looks deceivingly small but boy it's rich. The thick chocolate sauce that they drizzle on the side just makes this dessert twice as good.  Service has always been awesome so my times there have been wonderful. They take reservations so if you are planning a trip down, go ahead and let them know in advance! The atmosphere is nice too, semi-dark lighting with nice decos on the wall and postcards on the tables, makes for a great setting both for groups or dates =)
4 As a recent Madison transplant, this was the first stop in my neighborhood after hearing rave reviews.  It's worth the hype.  Split a pizza (can't remember the name but had spicy giardinera veggies on top), calamari & a Caesar salad with my dinner companion.  Calamari might be some of the best I've ever had... no grease, crispy panko breading.  Great service, beautiful atmosphere, very pleased this is within walking distance as I will make many return visits!
5 Our favorite restaurant in Madison. They treat us like family here! My kids regularly order off menu simple dishes which they always accommodate. It's not uncommon for me, especially in the winter if I need a serious veggie fix, to just order all their veggie sides and make a meal of that -- their brussels sprouts are heaven sent, their sage rubbed squash divine! I've loved their bolognese; spicy clam sauce; their brined pork; they do something to the polenta there to make exceptionally creamy -- delicious. I can't say enough good things. And their housemade limoncello is perfection.
