4 I went here with my younger sister who was looking for a high-school dance dress.  All of the clothing, garments, and jewelry is made by designers and very pricey (though i am not a clothing expert) I don't think we found any clothing for under 100$.   I was particularly interested in their collection of metal bracelets, necklaces and earrings from a jeweler aparently from from NY called Wasabi?  If your on a tight budget this might not be the place for you, but if your looking for a fantastic dress or some trendy designer clothing, check this place out on your stroll down Monroe street
5 I went to high school in Madison in the early '90s and to say it was a fashion wasteland is an understatement.  I can still remember the excitement and anticipation that ripped through my circle of friends when we found out that The Gap was coming to town.  Big doings in Mad-town!  Twigs is a delight of a boutique--well-edited and filled with a collection that is diverse and interesting (e.g., girly Milly frocks and punky Rag & Bone leather jackets). My only lament is that it came after my high school years (and I have the Eddie Bauer corduroy button-down shirts to prove it).  Now I make stop at Twigs whenever I go home; I can truly always find something I have to have--a great new pair of jeans suggested by one of the helpful sales associates, a tailored dress that makes the transition from work to happy hour(s) with ease, or even just a piece of bling.  However, the best, best, BEST part of Twigs, especially since I now live in San Francisco, is that it has developed an online presence (www.shoptwigs.com) that is not only an identical representation of what they have in the store, but also comes with great customer service.  Every item I've opened is adorably wrapped as a gift and comes with a handwritten note thanking me for my purchase--nice touch, no?  Plus, I've had to return/exchange a few items and it has never been a problem.  The outfit is small enough where your emails get responded to quickly and you know that when you call, you get a woman in Madison who tries to help; not some dude in India who just wants your customer service number.  So while I wish Twigs would have been there to save me from some truly egregious outfits in years past, I'm gonna call that whole period "character building" and appreciate that Twigs, and its online cousin, are now in my life.
5 After searching high and low for a unique and interesting gift for a friend, I stopped by Twigs after stumbling across the Yelp reviews.  And what can I say; the reviews are spot-on.    Top notch service - the crew was extremely helpful - they quickly welcomed me, asked if they could help with anything, and pointed me in the right direction.  They even gift-wrapped my purchase without hesitation!    Twigs has a great selection of clothing and accessories - I purchased some unique items and am happy to report they were well-received.  Don't hesitate to check-out Twigs - it's pretty much a "can't miss" store.
5 Somewhere along the way, I developed a love for Me&Ro jewelry. It started with one special pendant necklace and has now grown into a collection. I was delighted when I found that twigs was carrying this line of jewelry. However, there was a particular design I wanted that they didn't have in the store. No problem. They placed a special order with the designer -- even adjusted the necklace length for me -- and before too long, I had the piece I wanted. No hassle, no fuss. Just awesome service from top to bottom.
5 I live in Chicago, and there is some great stores out there.  This place is top of the line, even with all the great stores that are in Chicago.  They have a great selection and beautiful jewelry.  I can not tell you how much I appreciated the customer service.  The girl that assisted us (wish I knew her name) she knew fashion, she had platinum blond hair.  She was very welcoming and gave us the customer service I expected for that price range.  Not like one other store in Madison, that will remain nameless *couch* ...bop! Thanks for having a great store!
2 Twigs is like an ex-wife.  Sometimes she looks cute...but she's old news.  Speaking of wives....Twigs clientele is more along the lines of a housewife married to a rich doctor.  She dropped her kids off at the pool and headed on over to Twigs to pick up the latest and greatest Vera Bradley.  Now, I'm into ladies of all shapes, sizes, and ages....but Vera be remindin' me of Grandma Gertrude Jackson's wallpaper in the crapper!  YEs I happen to be a dude.  I took my gf here while we were stopping in Madison for a hot minute to get our groove on.  She's a sassy sista with top notch taste, and wasn't very impressed with Twigs.  What do twigs have to do with hot threads anywho?  Aren't they sticks, yo?  Hey, them women who work there were pretty nice and all, but I could tell they weren't diggin' my gucci do-rag.  Let's just say: if ever I find myself in Madison in the future, I would go into Twigs again...   but only if I had to poop and didn't think I could make it to Michael's Frozen Custard in time.
5 The only place I know in Madison where you can buy Tory Burch clothing. They always have adorable stuff in their window display.
5 I found Twigs through Google while looking for the designer, Milly.  I went to place an order today and had some problems processing my order, technical glitch but their customer service via the phone was top notch. They even procesed my order by waiving the shipping fee.  I will definitely shop there again. I think it's important to support family owned businesses and they won't disappoint.
4 Great boutique on Monroe! They carry Tory Burch, Citizen of Humanity, Nanette Lepore, Leifsdottir, Splendid, Marc Jacobs and others.  Visiting from CA, this was the first non-granola store I saw in Madison. I felt very at home.   Prices are on par with most small boutique. They were having a Summer Sale and a few pieces caught my eye but nothing that screamed a great buy. Nice selection of jewelry. Would have been awesome if they carried Tory Burch flats and more bags. Overall cute store, I'm sure if I lived in Madison I'd be shopping here often.
5 Heads-up Madison - Twigs has moved to Hilldale, effective around the first of the year.  Not to worry; it's still the same awesome store with super friendly staff and a wide variety of unique accessories, clothing, and gifts (geared toward the gals). Guys, take note - if you're looking for something cool to get your favorite girl, swing through this place and don't be intimidated. They'll take good care of you, offer suggestions, gift-wrap your item(s), and will do it quickly and with a genuine smile.  I'm a fan, even if I do have a Y chromosome.  5-stars as always!
1 The employees were HORRIBLY rude.  I was not greeted upon walking in and once I was acknowledged I was immediately told where the sale rack was (in a demeaning tone).  I actually have a very well paying job, but apparently was not dressed appropriately enough for the staff to give me common courtesy.  While the clothes are designer and what I would typically purchase, I will not be going back.
