3 Why am I surprised that The Rustic hasn't been reviewed yet? A solid three stars, smack dab in the middle. It's a dive bar on Park St., in a part of town that most of my friends tend to avoid. I casually mentioned one day that I had gone to The Rustic the night before, and was met with wide eyes and admonishment. What? It's harmless. They've got PBR tall boys (or silos, if you will.) They have a long, wooden bar, wobbly pub tables and stools, and bags of Cheetos if you get hungry. We were there for an "after-party" of sorts, where my friend's drunken roommate was somehow doing a "working interview" bartending. Hilarity!
3 Oh hi, divey small-town Wisconsin bar in the middle of Park Street! Overlooked with its non-gentrified exterior, it's next to the Pizza Hut and down the street from the Mason Lounge and Falbo Bros.   The inside features wood paneling, ESPN-tuned TVs, and a few games. The bar has a small selection of taps, liquor, Old Dutch potato chips, and packs of cigarettes, despite the smoking ban. As would be expected, the drinks are cheap: two Spotted Cows and a PBR tallboy came to $9.25.   The bartender, Ben, was great, doling out the appropriate mix of sarcasm and friendliness, and by the end of the night had offered to take me to a Brewers game and invited the entire group over for dinner.  Said a friend, "Now THAT is a bartender."
5 My second home - the Rustic is your typical old school Tavern. A classic for sure. Great place for drinks, watching games and lots if fun. Good prices, good deals and great bartenders.
5 Lots of cheap beer? Check.  Slot machines next to disgusting bathrooms? Check.  Wisconsin grandpas next to possible under-age college students? Oh yeah.  Everything is cheap here, and the service from the bartenders is amazing. If you're looking to get your pre-game on for a Badgers game, stop here, as it's much less packed, 1/3 of the price of any place on Regent (especially on game day), and there are plenty of good TVs, despite everything else being old school.
