1 This was the worst pedi I have ever had and I get monthly pedi's.  The only reason I went here and not my usual place was because my friends boss said this place was great.   The pedi took about 30 minutes total.  About 2 minute soak, no massage, the massage chairs are crappy and the guy actually cut my toe with something.  They didn't even put the thing to separate your toes on!!!  My polish job looks good, I asked for a design on my big toe and it looks aweful.  I do not recommend this place.  Plus, they had their screaming children running around...that was very relaxing.  Do not go here.
5 Great experience! The staff was really friendly and they did a great job. There were 4 of us total and we all got done at relatively the same time. The staff was friendly and social and my nails look fantastic. I have gotten my nails done elsewhere in Madison and this is by far the best place I've been to. Very reasonable prices for an outstanding job.
4 I'm definitely a fan. I've had a hell of a time finding a good manicure place in Madison. In Chicago, they were on every block, affordable and meticulous. I'm guessing the competition isn't as great here - so when I went to my first couple of places I was appalled at what I got for nearly twice the price of a Chicago pedicure.   The girl that did my toes was thougthful and polite. She asked me if I had any sensitive or achey parts on my feet that could be hurt by the scrub and the work she would be doing. Loved that!    My feet - which can be a tough nut to crack especially in the summer - left that place baby soft, no callouses waiting to be buffed, my toenails were perfectly painted and I think it was $30.   She talked enough to be polite and engaging, but didn't gab the whole time and allowed me to enjoy the massage chairs in silence :).   I'm going back for my second pedi there tomorrow and will continue to go here.
5 My favorite nail place in town by far; I've been going to Chic Nails for years and the pedicures are always the best and longest-lasting.
1 Not impressed. I have been here a few times just to see if maybe it was the person I had. I would not recommend this place. The pedi was not impressive at all. I felt rushed and the quality was poor. I also feel it is not as clean as a nail place should be. Disappointed.
