5 INDOOR SMOKING (when I'm looking for it) IS TOTALLY AWESOME!  We came in here one night after an already long night of drinking.  The place was quiet, but the bar was incredibly well stocked, they allowed indoor smoking, and sold a range of cigars.  What's not to love, right?  We closed the place down... at some point, we ordered a delivery pizza.  The bartender was a ton of fun, told great stories, fed the jukebox with great songs (and let us pick about half of them) and really kept us going.  The prices were really reasonable on drinks, and we all had (too much of) a good time.  Several TVs had football on (without sound) and the bathroom was extremely clean.  Really, what more do you need in a bar?  If I had to critique one thing, though, it would be the cigar brands.  I think I only noticed one or two, but none of them were names I recognized.
1 1 star is generous.  They literary had 3 cigars for sale.
2 The humidors are full of cigar boxes, but the boxes are free of cigars. The bottles behind the bar might be of your favorite spirits, but the bottles contain no alcohol. This, and much less, could be yours at Hemmingway.  When my friends and I were there last night, I had to drive to the Kelly's Market down the street to get cigars since the bar was all out. They didn't have any Johnny Walker Black Label, Basil Hayden's, or Beefeater gin, in spite of the empty bottles sitting on the shelves. It was an altogether lackluster experience, and unless they fix these glaring problems, I can't see myself ever going back there.
2 Wish I could give more stars but this place could be so much better.  Dark, no cigars for sale and expensive ($9 for a bourbon on the rocks?). Even though I live 2 minutes away, I drive 20 minutes to The Tasting Room in Monona if I crave a good cigar.
5 UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT!!!!  I used to go with a group of six or so every three weeks but previous management made it difficult to enjoy a cigar, the conversation, and even your drink.  However, things have changed and the tacky decor is gone, the place is squeaky clean again and they actually have cigars to sell and they're properly humidified!!!!   The new management is friendly, receptive, and willing to take suggestions.  The bar along with the cigars are being re-stocked, so bare with them as they get their feet back under them.  I couldn't be happier with the turnaround and now I don't have to go all the way downtown or to the east side to enjoy a cigar and great conversation with friends.    If you haven't been here for a while due to previous management, try it again, you'll be pleasantly surprised and glad you dropped by.  The group I go with have already committed to bringing our cigar nights BACK to Hemmingway's.
