3 If you don't know about Perkins, give it a google.  This is a franchise chain type thing.  Really a slightly nicer version of Denny's, with all that entails (paying at the register.  The pie counter.  The mega menu with lots of inserts and featured specials.  Menu pictures that look delicious and nothing like what you actually get served).  And I know your ass has been to Denny's, so I'm not saying anything else.    My dining companion (hey sexy) and I eat here every now and then.  I want someone to explain something to me.  Ready?  Here it goes:  WHO ARE ALL THE DAMN PEOPLE EATING AT PERKINS AT 11pm on WEEKDAY?  Where do you all come from?   I mean, you're not high school kids, or college kids.  You're real people, lots of husbands and wives.  What kind of fucking jobs do you do?  Is that your day off?    Please, I thought dinner time in the midwest was 6pm sharp.  Who are you fucking people?
3 Perkins is your standard chain diner.  Wide selection of continental cuisine, from all-day breakfast to steak.  This location is now 24 hour, and probably my favorite place for either drunk food or hangover food.    Atmosphere: your standard boring diner with vinyl booths and tables scattered into three areas with ugly curtains.   Early morning is usually trucker time, brunch and lunch are baby boomer and over.  Dinner is a mix of families and high schoolers.  Late night is more high schoolers, college kids and a mix of truckers.    Service:  Sometimes good, sometimes bad, but either way you're left with a feeling that your server might go in the back and kill themselves instead of refilling your lemonade for a third time while you build towers with the syrups.  I've had excellent service, I've had terrible.    Food:  Breakfast, burger, sandwich and salad menu is the shining beacon of the menu.  Nothing special, your typical omelettes, tyson chicken sandwiches and overdressed salads, but I really love it anyway.  The dinner menu with fish, steaks and whatnot is a trainwreck, enter at your own risk.  Do yourself a favor and order the Mini-Chimis.  Dessert menu has gone down hill in recent years, maybe someday they'll get edible cookies, but the wildberry pie is to die for.    Prices:  About $8-10 per for entrees ($12ish for the dreaded dinner menu), desserts $3-6 per serving.
2 Alright so I've only ever been here when I've been hungover. But let me tell you, the shitty $1.99 bottomless coffee, hash browns, and omelet stuffed with all sorts of processed cheese and meat...IS THE BEST HANGOVER CURE EVER.    The place is like Denny's.  Big whoop.  Everyone there seems a little depressed....customers, staff, everyone.  But hey, with that type of environment going in your sweatpants and with a hangover...you fit right in.
3 Not all Perkins are alike.  This one is just A OK.   In the past it was worse but more recently it has improved.   In the past I have had some bad experiences here from overpriced meals to skimpy servings along with excuses from the manager!  So I didn't go here for some time.   But they seem to have gotten their act together and the last few times I have been here the food was quite good and the price was right.  Service was quite good too.  Hats off to whoever is making the improvements.  Still not rising to the level I would expect. A few ideas.  Wow me with some good flavors.  Make real pancakes and not the mix.  Make real eggs in the scramble.  Surprise me with some amazing prices.  Clean the place better.   Make the place brighter, it seems too brown.  I know that sounds weird but it is the only way I can explain what I see when I go there.   All this brown.   There is some bad Feng Shui when I enter.  Open up the entrance more and maybe move the register to the side.  I feel confronted with the bakery shelf and register when I enter.  Needs some help here.  I like the store on the East Side better for some reason.  More windows, better layout.
2 I went here recently, and I had a spinach and cheese omelet.  A strange thing happened in the kitchen though, something kind of like the fog that turns you inside out, I suspect.  When my omelet came out it was actually a spinach omelet with a bit of egg and cheese tucked inside.  Wow, that is so crazy........oh and gross.  I am not Popeye, nor am I a rabbit, therefore playing a game of find the egg and cheese in a spinach haystack is not awesome dudes.  FAIL.
2 Decided to stop in here for breakfast and was not happy with the omelet.  The pancakes were ok I guess but nothing spectacular.   It was all cooked ok, just not the best recipe.  It's funny because I have had much better food at other Perkins.   It may be that it comes down to the chef.
4 Wow.  Damn good salmon steak dinner, two sides (I got steamed veggies and tomato basil soup), and dinner roll.  All for $11.  Great stuff!
1 Ok, let me start off and say Ive always been a Perkins fan, I used to go to the one off East Washington so I dont want to seem like a jerk, but what happened to this one? I had breakfast today and very little was good about it. I feel bad because of all the good memories, Its too bad this wasnt one of them.  Service - Fair to good. Our waitress was very busy but attentive and nice. Food came out hot and punctual. 8/10  Food Quality - Ok, heres where I might hurt feelings. I ordered the Steak and Eggs. The goods: Bacon was crunchy and hot, and the pancakes albeit much smaller then I remember tasted great. Lots of butter. The bads: Everything else. The eggs were not scrambled, they were formed into a patty. The hashbrowns with cheese on top had a weird aftertaste (kind of bitter, soapy or something), and the steak, oh my god, was THE worst steak Ive ever attempted to eat. I am a steak fanatic so its my bad that I thought Perkins might suprise me (like Norms diner in LA, great t bone there). Nope, it was tough, tasted gamey, and soooo chewy. I spent so much time chewing everything else went cold. It was cooked to my liking its just they have horrible cuts of meat. 2/10 (0/10 without bacon and pancakes)  Price - For what I got not good at all. I paid $12 for "steak" and eggs and $3 for a side of bacon (4 strips). Coffee was priced well. I expect either a smaller steak of better quality then the 7oz piece of garbage I got. 1/10  Experience/Vibe - Typical of any Perkins, we weren't offered to have a booth which I think is a no brainer, some people prefer booths. A little cramped but not too bad. 6/10  Overall - 17/40  MANAGEMENT PLEASE LISTEN!!! Please your meat elsewhere. Ive never had such a tough piece of "steak" in my life. I am anti A1 sauce cause I like the taste of steak as it is. I actually used A1 because of how nasty I felt trying to choke this down. I can't believe you call that steak, the only way I will ever buy that false steak again is if the world ran out of dog food and my dog was starving. Even then Id feel bad for my dog and probably end up giving him the hiemlich maneuver after choking on it.  1 star, sorry Perkins, you might have just lost a customer to Dennys. Ill still patronize your bakery but as for meals I think I am done. Hire a meat manager or fire the one you have, please.
2 Perkins is akin to Denny's or IHOP in my eyes and has food that is consistently lousy. That said, it's quite cheap and there are free refills on coffee and soda. I would say the pie is decent, at best.
2 The Perkins here has never been known for being staffed with happy people.  I found that they continue the tradition with my recent visit for lunch. Now I was looking forward to seeing the new place as they really needed a refresher and a clean up.   The new place helps but I'm not so sure I like the layout.  It is small and boxy.  I liked the old layout better.   But the place is brighter which is nice. The food was pretty good so no fault there.  But the service was subpar.   I felt like they could care less if I ate there or not.   We joked around a little with our waitress and she barely cracked a smile.   The manager came by and asked us if everything was ok and when we said it was she stated that she was glad to hear that in a sort of canned way while she was walking away.  Once again giving us the impression that she could care less. Now we saw our waitress at another point away from our table and think that she was stressed out over something.  So whatever it was was showing up in her attentiveness to her customers.  We still gave her a good tip because she looked like she needed it. Bottom line is I won't be going back here for some time until the management and staff change over which I suspect it will in about 6 months.  See you then.
4 I only come for breakfast..and that occurs before 6 am. The place has a large number of older men who frequent the place and the wait staff are super good at their jobs. The management is a little creepy. Food is standard fare.
5 Consistently good food and since they built the new restaurant this year, service has been pretty good.
3 They accommodated our party of 11 quite quickly which was pretty impressive seeing as there were a lot of other parties waiting for tables. Their menu is similar to a Denny's or an IHOP. I was a little disappointed that they didn't have corned beef hash (my go to food item at breakfast places) but there were lots of other menu items that caught my eye. I ended up getting their classic eggs breakfast which came with two eggs, hash browns, a fresh in house baked muffin, and bacon. Everything was great except one of my poached eggs turned out to be hard boiled.  P.S. if you like your hash brows crispy you should ask for them that way. Theirs are on the softer side.
4 I just love Perkins. Sorry guys - it reminds me of home. In MN we have a target and a perkins on every corner, here it's walgreens and george webbs. I miss home.   Before heading to Camp Randall for the game I stopped in at Perkins for some breakfast. I was seated right away and Diane came over to grab a drink order. She was attentive and helpful, our food came out quickly, and checkout was smooth. I would come back, if for nothing else, the chicken noodle soup (:
4 For what it is, I was pleasantly surprised. Stopped by for breakfast with my 10 year old son. He had Pancakes, which he loved. I had a Midwestern variant on Eggs Benedict - Steak and Peppers with Poached eggs and hollandaise sauce, served on Sourdough toast.  The staff was friendly, and the food came at a steady clip. We don't get to that side of town often, but next time we do, Perkins will be our go to (as long as it's breakfast time)!
1 Average at best.
1 I stopped by with some teammates, a while back, after a hockey game.  I got a honey mustard chicken sandwhich thing and horrible food poisoning.  If it weren't for the horrible gastrointestinal distress it would have been about 3 stars.
