1 Well, well.  It is my pleasure to be the first to review this place.  But one caution.  My experience was from over 10 years ago.  So if ownership has changed then maybe things are different now.  But I don't want to take the chance after what happened to me.  I did give Jiffy Lube another try at the west side recently and I was not happy there either. This place was sort of ho hum upon entry but I unfortunately left my toll quarters in the front bucket.  There was about 5-10 dollars in change in that bucket and when I got my car back it was cleaned out. When I noticed it and confronted them they told me that the guy who took it had left.  They actually seemed to know he had taken it!  They asked me how much there was and I said that there was at least 5 dollars which they gave me but I felt violated of course.  They gave me a complaint card to mail in! I mailed in the card and got a call from someone, owner?   Not sure.  He weakly apologized and offered no compensation like perhaps a free oil change and a promise that this would never happen again as I expected.  I told him I would never return and he just said he was sorry.   Now not long ago I was in a situation that I needed an oil change quickly and it just so happened that Jiffy Lube was right there where I was on Whitney Way.  So I told them what I needed and went and sat down.  Long story short, they ended up giving me a more expensive package than what I had requested.  I chocked it up to miscommunication but still I was not too happy with the final cost.  The waiting rooms are small and uncomfortable at these shops.   Go elsewhere if you can.
1 My girlfriend got her oil changed.  Less then one hour afterwards she got these text messages on her phone.  Phone number: Hi girlfriend: Hi! Who is this? Phone number: one of ur admires Phone number: na that was a joke sorry just looking for friends Phone number: im pretty much new to wisconsin Phone number: i just did the oil change on the car today sorry if it bother that I text u Phone number: but u seem very cool Phone number: that wht I text  I copied this word for word from the phone.  I can't even being to say the violation this is.  Something else that is scary that I called and talked to the assistant manager.  Only this guy and the general manager was there when her oil was changed and she says the guy on the phone did not sound like him.  So that would leave the general manager.  I am calling corporate tomorrow.
