5 Best customer service. Honest. Timely. fair-priced. The waiting room almost always has homemade treats and is full of family business charm.
5 This is just the best place. Tommy is honest & approachable & reasonably priced. My husband trusted him so my sons & I take our vehicles to him. We are very lucky to have him as our mechanic.      Lee
5 I was recommended to go to Wright's by a friend of mine and I wanted to take the time to post a glowing review because the service was beyond my expectations. Tom and the rest of his staff are not only highly qualified, they are friendly, honest and very accommodating. If you are looking for a great mechanic, look no further!
4 Prior to my first major servicing, I visited a couple of mechanics to get a quote. Tom and Derek are really awesome. They kept to their appointment time and were very upfront and honest with me about what needed to be done immediately and what could hold off for a bit. They even took down and showed me the parts which were wearing off etc. In addition, the price they quoted has always been very reasonable and super competitive.   Business is very good there. They don't have the biggest workshop around town, but their turnaround time is awesome. They get most repairs done the following day. When you show up to collect your car they will show the parts that they replaced, if you like, they would even let you take your old parts home as souvenirs!  Since my first visit I have always gone to them for my regular maintenance check-up and oil changes. I have recommended them to many friends at work and couldn't recommend them more.
5 If you like fancy sitting areas with expensive coffee machines this place is NOT for you.But if you want honest, timely, and affordable car maintenance WRIGHTS is the BEST. Plus its a local small business, that I can proudly support.   I have gone here several times over the years- they are always friendly, and really helpful. I needed a car's alignment done once, and they do not so that on site. He was honest and told me it will take longer because they take it somewhere else. Another time there was a sound my car was making on acceleration above a certain speed. When the mechanic could not mimic it- he called me up, and asked me if he should check what he thinks it might be. It would be just labor charges unless he finds something but he did not want to charge it since it might be nothing. I mean which other mechanic shop in Madison even does that anymore???   Go ahead get a quote from somewhere else if you want,9 out 10 times Wright's will be cheaper, and you will give your car to someone you can trust. Go here!!
