1 I just went to the West Clinic for a dermatologist appointment.  It was my first time there, and I think I would probably go back but ONLY if I went to another doctor.  The check-in process was seamless and quick, despite there being a line, so if I were rating on things other than the doctor, it would probably get 5 stars.  But a clinic visit is mostly about the service you receive with the doctor.  I saw Dr. Ann Rosin for a basic check-up.  But I barely saw her.  I believe she was in the room with me for about five minutes.  She made me feel as if I was just another thing on her long list of things-to-do and the quicker she finished my appointment, the more things she could get done.  She didn't even ask if I had any questions before she was on her way out the door.  I literally sat on the table in shock after she left because I couldn't believe things just happened the way they did.  I have been to some bad, rushed doctors, but I have never felt so "un-cared" for.
5 I for one really enjoyed my experience here.  Maybe it's just because I am so used to having to arrive early at a doctor appointment, wait 30 minutes for my name to be called, fill out some forms, and then wait an additional 30 minutes before I can be seen.  The moment I entered their main entrance, I was ushered to their welcome kiosk where I was able to fill out some simple information and check myself in in less than 5 minutes. Then I was shown to the appropriate waiting room, waited less than 10 minutes before someone called me inside.  I had a dermatology appointment with Dr. Ann Rosin, and saw one of her residents first. She gave me an overview of my acne status and some informational and helpful advice on skin care.   Then she brought in Dr. Ann Rosin, who asked me a few questions, and prescribed my treatment right then and there.   The whole thing took less than 20 minutes, which might make some people feel like they haven't been given enough attention, but most initial examinations shouldn't take that long anyways.   Dr. Ann Rosin really seemed to know what she was talking about, as she was able to actually tell me the why behind my prescription, instead of just the what.   Now if only all of my doctor appointments could go as smoothly as this...
1 I had made an appointment with a skin doctor to get some warts removed. I went to the clinic on Park Street got it done. Then I got my bill for my $45 co-pay. No problem right, until I made another appointment. The doctor that I had seen before was no longer with the UW Health system. So the lady who made my appointment made it with a different doctor at the West clinic on Junction Rd. Went there and got it done but now I get two different bills. One for $220 some dollars and another for $140 some dollars. Come to find out that the West Clinic on Junction Rd is apparently affiliated with the UW Hospital and they have to bill my simple wart removal as an Out Patient Surgery and not an Office Visit. So I got stuck with this larger than expected bill. I would suggest to anyone making an appointment with the UW Health System NOT TO or you may get ripped off like I did.
