5 I received an heirloom ring for Christmas and wanted to have it resized before I flew back home to NY.  After calling about a dozen jewelers in the Madison area, who all told me the job would take 2 weeks or else cost $70 to be done overnight, I stumbled upon Goldmasters. Thank God! Not only was the resize (2 sizes down) only $35, he was also extremely friendly and informative, and had my ring ready in 40 minutes! He also cleaned it for free, and left it looking brand new.  I would recommend Goldmasters to anyone who needs jewelry repair, or custom jewelry. I could not be more pleased with my experience.
4 I'm so impressed. I received an heirloom engagement ring and we took it to a couple places that said it needed a new band a new setting and prong -- a whole bunch of work that would have been over $2000. But I brought it to Goldmasters, and he took a good look at it and said that the platinum was good quality, it wasn't in any danger of breaking, and all it needed was to be cleaned and sized. He took out his chart and seemed sorry that it would cost so much - $70 - and explained that platinum was harder to work with which explained the cost. I was thrilled to pay that. It did take about a week, so make sure to leave time if you're dropping it off.   I also asked how much it would be to get a plain platinum band for a wedding band, and he said that it would be pretty expensive - at least $800 - but then recommended some antique stores that sell estate jewelry for much cheaper than the brand new stuff. And I went to those places and there was really great stuff.   All in all -- an honest jeweler. Very hard to find!
5 Jim is the best custom jeweler in town, by a long shot. He and his wife are always friendly and happy to see you.  I have had a few projects done there, one was a very complex sizing (because of a lot of very small diamonds) and it was done to perfection. He has set a stone for me twice, never any problems. Done right and always very timely.   His custom jewelry is gorgeous. I have never purchased a piece, but definitely worth a look if you are looking for something special and one of a kind. I always love looking at it when I go in there.   I love jewelry, I make jewelry to supplement my income (nothing like his!), mostly beading. I grew up with a mother who knows & loves her jewelry. She referred me to Jim and it just doesn't get any better.
