5 My first car was a piece of crap.  A 1988 Ford Festiva to be exact.  But I was able to keep it running thanks to one of the best and most honest mechanics I have ever met.  I often would drive in thinking something major was wrong with my car, and this guy would find some simple repair that he often didn't charge me for.  He was thorough, speedy, and most importantly honest.    I've lived in several cities since then.  Each time I moved I made it a point to ask friends and coworkers for recommendations on where to take my car to get fixed.  So many places will take what you think is a major repair and make it just that.  They'll charge you $800 for what probably was a $100 repair.  At least that's the fear, right?  I couldn't be happier that I found that honest repair shop in Dimaggio's.  I worked at a place helping manage their vehicle fleet, and they were all serviced at Dimaggio's.  So I got to know the staff there and started bringing my own personal vehicle there too.  In one conversation I had with Tom about a goofed up repair my wife had done at Jiffy Lube, he said "I pay my guys a lot more than them for a reason."  And it shows.  The mechanics are honest, thorough, and will fix your vehicle in a very timely manner.  Just like with my first car, issues I thought were major problems turn out to be simple and cheap repairs.  In one instance, they didn't charge me.    I think it's funny that each time I drop my car off I have to double or triple park it because there is literally no space in their parking lot.  Just for fun, check each time you're there:  You'll notice a different Charter Communications vehicle there every time.    They're good people and I trust my vehicles with them.  I have sent several friends there too and they've had similar experiences.
3 My review is from an older experience in 2011 to 2012.  I took my car there to get my tired repaired.  The owner seems like an honest guy but I can't say as much for the other employees.  Although my tire wasn't able to be fix permanently, they offered to plug it for a temporary fix until I could replace them.  (I was due for tires within that year).  I've heard Cat no longer works there, which is probably the best thing to happen to this local business.  She's a crook.  She was going to charge me over $30 for the tire plug.  Luckily the owner interrupted her and I was charged I think around $13; much more reasonable.  Over all my first experience was good.  I went back a couple months later for an oil/filter change and to get new break pads & rotors.  Of course Cat had bad news to tell me I needed this, that, this, that and this fixed and she really didn't feel comfortable letting me leave unless it was repaired.  Being that I wanted to trust a local business and find a shop in Madison that I could be loyal to, I agreed.  One thing I am extremely nervous about is getting any maintance done on my car because I'm a female, I've heard the stories about places NOT being honest, not really fixing anything but saying they did, not actually changing the oil, etc.  They didn't have the parts to fix all the things Cat claims were leaking, broken or needed repair.  So I paid for the brakes and oil change/filter.  The total for that day cost me over $700.  Now I've never had to do much repair on my cars, prior to this one I don't think I had the same car for more than two years.  I told my friend who also replaced her brakes that month how much mine cost and she was just as surprised.  Her's cost less than $300 (with no oil change) at a franchise shop.  I still took my car back for the other maintance repairs.. although skeptical now.  I "fixed" them and declined any further repairs that Cat recommended.  Oddly enough after my visit my heat stopped working properly.  I had my boyfriend call in the repair and meet me there.  I refused to pay for it and they fixed it for "free".  About 13 months later my rotors warped - just one month shy of the warranty.  I still didn't want to take my car back there because I had lost trust in the place.  I made my boyfriend call it in a again and take my car down with me, they fixed them for "free" (as they should if I'm paying over double what other places charge).  My heat went out again at the start of the cold season.  My car may be inching to the older side now as a 2004 with higher mileage near 142k but I would not classify it to be a POS, a beater, or on it's last leg.  It was my Dad's brand new and he gave it to me for a sweet deal in 2007.  I've loved that car since the day my Dad bought it, I've taken great care of it, I'm a good driver and until my experience at DiMaggio's my car hasn't needed any major maintance (nor did any other shop say anything was leaking, broken, needed repairs).  I don't think my heat going out the second time is the fault of DiMaggio's, I think that one might be because my car is getting up there in.  Although I hear Cat is gone from the business, I still can't bring myself to try this place again.  Since then I've taken my car to get maintance at franchise shops and I haven't been disappointed.  I spent $600 on tires elsehwere and haven't hesitated to tell anyone about my experience with DiMaggio's.    I gave Dimaggio's 3 stars because I think the owner is most likely an honest man.
5 We've been bringing our cars here since moving to Monona a couple of years ago.  My wife discovered them in a vehicle "emergency" that year, no idea who to trust, wandered in and was blown away by how quickly they responded, got her right in with a shop full of other cars.  And, shame on me for not Yelping about them sooner.  Alas, this last week, we had an oil change there prior to a road trip.  And on said trip noticed some oil under the car after stopping, just a wee bit, but we also noticed an issue with the front CV joint, a repair these guys did last year.  When I called them about both, they said take the car in somewhere and make sure it's safe to drive.  We did this, and the other mechanic noticed the drip pan was loose, and he said it could have been age, could have been related to the oil change, hard to tell.  I reported this, and the CV leak, DiMaggios said bring it in right away when we got back.  Dropped it the night we returned, the next morning they called to say they replaced the drip pan and all clips, replaced the front axle and CV boot free of charge because it was done recently and the owner felt that shouldn't have happened, AND they refunded me the money I had to pay the other mechanic.  Oh, and they apologized.  And I didn't ask for any of this, they just took care of it.  I have never, ever had such amazing customer service and I'm almost 50!  They bent over backwards to make this situation right, no arguments, no haggling, they are just that customer focused.  Good luck getting this kind of service at a chain.  No reason to go anywhere else, we found our neighborhood mechanic!
5 My husband and I started bringing our only car to DiMaggio's over three years ago. My in-laws had been using them for years and always said they trusted them. Since we have only one car, a trustworthy auto shop is very important to us, so we went with DiMaggio's as well. I usually deal with Lonny since he picks up the phone most of the time and he is the one at the counter. He's always very friendly, professional and is very good at explaining what needs to be done to the car and how much it will cost. Most of the time Lonny is able to schedule an appointment the same day I call. Tom is the owner and is very professional and nice to deal with as well. After being with DiMaggio's for over three years I guess we are regulars - these guys recognize me and call me by name as soon as I walk into the shop. And it's considering that we mostly bring our car there for oil changes (we did, however, buy new tires from them, had a flat once and had some issue with oxygen not getting to the engine this past winter - all services were addressed promptly and professionally, and our car is running like new). These guys make customer service their priority. We lost one of our hub caps and they suggested they search junk yards for us to find one that would match. And I thought I'd have to spend $50 for a new one. Needless to say, we highly recommend DiMaggio's.  They really know what they are doing and have a full spectrum of services.
