3 Really, how do you rate Sweet and Sour Pork?  Is there a way it can be beyond mediocre?    Stopped here after we tried Greenbush (which had flooded in the Great Madison Flood of 2006).  Nothing stood out but again, nothing offended.
5 This place is fantastic.  It has far and away the best sesame chicken I've ever had.  The last time I visited Madison, this was the first place I went after leaving the airport and the last place I visited before flying out.
3 So far, I've experienced 3 different Chinese restaurant in Madison. From this place, I only had lunch take out, but out the 3, I think this place is the best in terms of taste.   The lunch takeout portion is quite generous. It comes with egg roll, too. I'd try their dinner menu when I have a chance.
3 I think the food is pretty decent. But my Taiwanese friend said that this place is the closest to authentic Chinese/Taiwanese food.
3 [Note: This review applies to both the Mills Street and West side locations.  I've only had lunch and not dinner at these restaurants.]  Food: Generally decent.  My only real complaint is that seasoning seems to vary every time I go; sometimes the entree tends toward the bland, and soup can be towards the salty side.    Service: I've only had take-out, but they've always had the food prepared when they said they would.  Value: Lunch special is quite a good deal (entree, soup or eggroll, rice for $6-7).  Haven't had dinner there.  Overall: Guilty pleasure for this Asian.  Taste is closer to authentic than I expected, but I rather look at this restaurant as second-tier fast food (kind of like Qdoba vs Taco Bell).
2 I hate to be a hater, but I've eaten here maybe 150 times over the past decade, so I know the place well.  And while it's a perfectly clean and friendly joint, it does not have notable food.  It's probably in the second-to-bottom quartile of Chinese food in Madison.  Why have I eaten there so much if I didn't like it that well?  For a long time it was one of the only pleasant, affordable sit-down options in the South Campus area, where I worked -- but those days have changed and there are many, many better options.  Find them.  (My parting shot: literally half the menu is "XYZ in Brown Sauce", and it's the same Brown Sauce for each dish.  I am tired of the Brown Sauce.)
4 This place has some pretty great options for vegetarians.  Definitely better than the other Chinese options on campus. I'm a fan.
3 I only had the wonton soup.  There were 3-4 wontons with tiny pinkie finger size droplets of beef inside.  The soup tasted like a beef stock.  It was tasty, but pretty generic.  But that's what wonton soup is!
4 Only done take out here.  I have been impressed with the counter service and the food keeps us comeing back.
2 I went here few times, and I always went home full but dissapointed. Despite the big portion, I don't really like the tastes. Most of the dishes have similar taste, just like previous reviewers have mentioned.
5 This place is my favorite chinese place in the Madison area besides Main Moon in McFarland. It's not just the fact they have strong flavors and amazing vegetarian options -- they're AMAZING delivery. There have been times I ordered and literally had them knock on my door within 10 minutes. Sure, I live a block away but still..dang fast! They're easy to deal with and the food is great -- no complaints! Heck-Sounds good for lunch.
4 I ordered chicken chow fun for dinner today. Relatively authenic Cantonese dish. It's a little more gravy-ish and saltier than I was expecting but overall delicious. Tender chicken and good portion size. It's a little pricey but I figured it's the Midwest. I didn't see hong kong style milk tea on the menu - so sad, oh well. It's much better than hong kong wok!
1 It's one of those small businesses in the area that you want to do well; it has a nice atmosphere, in a relatively decent location for college students, and has a lot to offer on its menu.  But the truth is--it's overpriced, a little more expensive than most other Chinese places, isn't really even close to authentic (or so I've been told by two of my Chinese conversational English partners), but the worst part of it all: the food isn't that good.  I've been here numerous times and the food is just bland. There's no flavor to the meat, the sauces are weak and flavorless, and there's no spice whatsoever. The rice is often undercooked and hard and the vegetables were such poor quality, I found a borderline rotten piece of broccoli in my dinner once. None of these things are tolerable in a Chinese restaurant. None. Especially not when I can make it at home for much cheaper.  I wanted to believe that this place wasn't bad--but three strikes and Hong Kong Cafe, you're out.
1 Mediocre Asian food made to accommodate american taste.  Ok tasting but not authentic.  Do not like the ambience but it is conveniently located very close/on UW-Madison campus.
4 Very good.answered lots of questions. Said.i could ask for.Chinese vegetables instead of American version. Can't wait.to.come back! This is a small resturant.  This  is the closest i have found to what i remember of visitng China.
3 You can tell they use fresh ingredients. I mean, it's still Americanized Chinese, but the quality is great. The restaurant is nice with tablecloths and fairly attentive servers. The price is a little high for my liking.
4 Solid Chinese restaurant.  I always get the Egg Moo-shu and it is amazing. Definitely would recommend Hong Kong Cafe.
4 We've been going to the Hong Kong Cafe for years.   Coming from Chicago where we've eaten in tons of different Chinese restaurants and are kinda spoiled, we were relieved to find a really good Chinese restaurant here in Madison and close by.  The service is good, very friendly and quick.  Great egg rolls - a true test of a good Chinese restaurant and the bathrooms are clean.  I always check a restaurants bathroom, if they're not clean, you can imagine what the kitchen is like.  Fabulous fried rice too, also another test of a good Chinese restaurant.  Ingredients feel fresh. Highly recommend.
4 A bit pricier than most but nothing was left on my plate!  I enjoyed the Chicken Chop Suey.  I'll be back again.
5 2nd Best chinese in madison. This is so underrated, its delicious, the people are great, and its quick!
1 My wife and I had lunch here August 19, 2013 (Monday) based on our proximity and due to some favorable Yelp! reviews which said that it was "authentic" and/or good. We had the MaPo tofu and the Ho fun noodles with BBQ pork and I would vehemently disagree with those reviews which claimed the food was "authentic" and good. The menu is dominated with typical americanized chinese food items (which can be good - but good and authentic are very different things) but there are a few dishes which you don't typically see which lends the restaurant some apparent flavor of authenticity.  The Mapo Tofu was mostly flavorless and the strips of pork that you typically get with this dish, were, at this location, thick and coarse with a good amount of gristle. The sauce seemed diluted with only the green onion giving some "asian" flair. The Ho fun noodles with BBQ pork was a bit better in the sense that the noodles were not bad - but the BBQ pork was dry and cut along the grain instead of orthogonal to it which made it much tougher. The BBQ pork is also typically served in strips which are 1/8" to 1/4" thick with some fat on it - the BBQ pork on this dish was large, thin, dry sheets (cut the wrong way) of meat, which also did not taste very fresh. Now before the reader dismisses my review as from someone who doesn't know good chinese food, I am ethnically chinese (born and raised in Southern California eating chinese food for at least half my life), and have experienced both good and bad chinese food, with the best chinese food in Los Angeles, San Francisco and of course, Hong Kong. Based on my disappointing experience with these two dishes, I would not bother to visit this establishment again in the future unless there was a different chef.
1 Unfortunately I have to agree with Felix and Ashlee. We stopped here for lunch while visiting Madison.  The food was not very good. I had shrimp with peapods and the shrimp was not flavored at all, it was like they had taken precooked boiled shrimp and put it on the dish after it was finished. We also got a chicken dish and the chicken was not good at all. It was so poor that we couldn't even eat it. Wonton soup often has meat wrapped up in the wontons at this place the wonton soup was just wontons.  Seeing reviews that this is the best or second-best Chinese food in Madison does not speak well for the Madison food scene. I would not come back to this restaurant again.   The location is good, the service was good, but the food was not good at all.
3 Great food, especially if you're missing Chinatown.   Good service; order hot tea, just as you can in Chinatown.   Prices will not be cheap, since this is not Chinatown.
5 I had to order lunch for a special event in my office this past Friday. I am relatively new at my job and have never had to organize lunch for a special event before. I was really nervous about things not going as planned, or that the food would be sub-par, especially after reading some of these reviews. I needed food for 10 people delivered by noon. The restaurant doesn't even open until 11 am, so I was worried there wouldn't be enough time. I called the night before to ask about what I should do, and I was told to fax (yes, fax) the order to them first thing in the morning. I then called when they opened and paid over the phone.  I am relieved to report that I could not have been more pleased with my delivery experience with Hong Kong Cafe. Not only did the order arrive promptly at noon, it arrived exactly as I ordered it. Nothing was missing. Everything was hot. The delivery driver even carried the food all the way up to our office (it's inside a huge building) instead of just dropping the food at the door and leaving me to take it up.   Since I was still a bit on edge from organizing the event and dealing with the stress of the food situation, I didn't eat much, sadly. I tried a little bit of a few things though. The Hot and Sour Soup and bites of Governor's Beef were flavorful and actually spicy, which was a nice change. (A lot of times when I order spicy Chinese food it is not spicy at all). The veggie egg roll I tried actually wasn't amazing, but to my credit, I thought it was chicken when I grabbed it. It was just a little bland with only cabbage inside. Also, I had a couple bites of Sesame Chicken, and it was AWESOME (and all high quality white meat). In fact, I was so sad that I couldn't enjoy it, that I plan on going back to HK Cafe soon, and I plan to order Sesame Chicken again.   I've always said that Madison doesn't have any great Chinese places. This was until I tried Hong Kong Cafe. I don't think I'll go anywhere else for Chinese in Madison ever again!
