1 These people are jerks.  First, they tried to sell me a suit that obviously did not fit.  The salesman stood there and insisted that a suit that was ridiculously too big on me fit perfectly.  He was "corrected" by one of the ladies in the alterations department, after I put up a big stink about it.   She could not believe that he was trying to sell me the suit, and she LAUGHED AT me for not knowing about proper fit.    Second, when I finally did pick up my suit, which I needed to be perfect, as my plane left the next morning, they screwed it up.  They totally neglected to take in the jacket AT ALL and I looked like an idiot.  And you know what - they blamed me and did not own up to the obvious mistake.  Incompetence bordering on deceit + insulting your customers = never again.    Beware.
4 I went to the Men's Warehouse to find a suit for my partner that could be used for a wedding and other occasions.  We went in with a specific price range in mind and a general idea of what we were looking for in a suit.  Neither of us has had a lot of experience with buying a suit or being fitted for one.  Ivan was the salesperson assigned to us and he was incredibly helpful.  He listened well to what we wanted and was able to make accommodations as requested.  When we gave him a price range, he adapted the styles easily and without any judgment.  There was no hard-sell or anything like that.  He was attentive and the suggestions he made were great.  It was clear that Ivan has a passion for a good suit and it showed in the selections he made.  He helped get the suit fitted and altered and explained every itemized detail on the receipt without having to be asked.  He was not overly gregarious and there was never a sense that he was working for his commission.  At several points, he needed to help other clientele but it was done with impeccable manners and we were never left waiting.  This is a store we would return to and Ivan is a salesman we would work with again.    Minus one star for cleanliness.  Not all of the workers were dressed as impeccably as Ivan and as representatives of tailored suits for men, it seems apropos that the employees would set the example.  Additionally, it was clear that the carpets were not clean and several of the displays were not as crisp as they could have been.  Bottom line:  We are satisfied customers and will return as the need arises.
3 Well, by far better than S and K Menswear which is now out of business and for good reason. I bought a suit hear and received some good service.   Tailor was on hand and did a good job sizing me and getting the job done in a timely manner.    I got a feeling after my purchase that they didn't want to spend much more time with me.   Sort of like, thanks for your purchase now don't waste any more of my time. I plan to try another men's store for my next purchase but I may go back here sometime too.  I just needed them to be more engaged in my life and clothing needs for me to make them "my clothier".
5 Great store, amazing deals. Always walkout spending too much money, but the savings are amazing. Dan is really helpful and has a great eye for style. The customer service is unmatched!
2 I stopped here a few years ago to buy some jeans... at the time, this location was carrying 7 for All Mankind, which was a pleasant surprise.  I remember going in, browsing the selection, buying a pair of jeans and leaving without much effort.  Fast-forward four years...  I enter the store and am greeted immediately by someone who is eager to help.  I ask if they have any 7 for All Mankind and am told they don't carry that line any longer, but they do have several other brands, and they're all on sale.  Since I was already there (and because I have a quality denim addiction) I decided to browse.  Only, I couldn't browse.  No sir; I was swarmed by three - count 'em - three sales people the entire time.  Now, they were all very helpful, but it's a bit unnerving to have three people following you around showing you jean after jean after jean, asking questions, asking if you need anything else like shirts, sweaters, sport coats, ties, socks, shoes, etc.    I decided to try on a few pair; why they thought I'd like skinny jeans is beyond me... each pair I tried was so tight in the leg (I ride bikes, run, and swim) that I couldn't fit a few of them past my knee.    I mentioned this several times, yet each subsequent pair they presented was "skinny" cut.  I finally asked for a "traditional" or "relaxed" jean, and wouldn't you know it, but I could actually pull them up past my knees.  I settled on a single pair of (mediocre; pedestrian quality) jeans, which weren't on sale, but oh well.  The thing that irked me the most was the checkout process... "Would you like to join our rewards club?"    Me: "No thanks.  I shop here about once a year."  Them: "It's free and you earn points with each purchase.  Why don't you try it?"  Me: "No thanks."  Them: "Ok, can we get your name?"  Me: (tell them my name)  Them: "Oh, you're in our system!  You must have rented here before?  Ok, well, we'll just add you to the rewards club, and then you'll be all set.  Are you still at this address?  And is this your phone number?  And is this your e-mail?"  Me: "Not interested, please don't register me.  And, yes - that info is correct, but please don't sign me up."  Them: "Ok, here you go - oh, wait - your e-mail shows as invalid.  Are you sure this is your e-mail address?"  Me: "I really don't want to get any of your e-mail or mailings."  Them: "Ok, we'll just override the verification.  Ok, you're all set!"  I arrived home, checked my receipt and I'll be danged if they didn't register me for their stupid "Perfect Fit" program.  Worse yet, I received a "welcome to the club" e-mail from good 'ole George Zimmer himself.  Never again, George Zimmer.  Never again...
4 I went in to buy my first suit, was greeted well and fitted right away. I had Zeke as the sales associate and he was fun, helpful and honest; just what you want in a sales person. I went in on a Saturday, needed my suit by Monday.  They had it tailored by Sunday.  The prices were higher than I expected, much more than what you can get online.  If I knew what I was doing I would shop online.  I received a 40% because the final price was too high for me, which I greatly appreciate.  It's a nice store, employees are dressed well.  I will be a repeat customer.
