3 I would give this place one more star if they didn't discontinue the IC Spice drinks. Grr. They were good.  This is a good place to get a cup of soup or a sandwich. Nothing fancy, but tasty none the less. I like being able to do a combo with basically whatever. It's nice to have options! Decent bagels, although it's best to go early in the morning to snatch those up. Good spreads to take along, too.
4 I work near this particular Panera, and as such, use them quite often to cater team meetings, lunches, and so on.  I've only dined inside at this location once, and it's just like any other Panera in the United States... tiled floor, beige walls, flurry of activity, noisy, and small, wobbly tables.  The food, like the atmosphere, is the same as you'll find at any other Panera.  The service and staff, however, are excellent - especially the catering folks.  I've quite honestly ordered from them more than 50-times in 2 years and have had nothing but positive experiences.  When I ask for delivery, the items are on-time, fresh, and perfect.  When I schedule a pick-up, my order is ready without fail.  To me, that's a huge, HUGE, benefit.    The online ordering is simple, and when I feel like calling-in, they handle the order with efficiency and complete professionalism.  I can't share how refreshing this is... aside from a few of the area pizza chains, it seems as if no one else can handle a phone-in/online order for pick-up or delivery as well as Panera does.  So... if you're looking for exciting, unique, local food, look elsewhere.  But, if you're looking for some decent bagels, good sandwiches, solid coffee, and excellent catering/delivery/pick-up service, look no further.  Panera is your place.  Panera (on Junction Road) = WIN  Service = 5 stars Food = 3.5 stars Value = 3.5 stars MISC = 5 stars (painless process)  Thanks to the fine folks at Panera - I really appreciate all that you do for me and the company I work for.  I know several dozen people from our group who use your services on a regular basis, and they are all grateful for the reliable help/service.
4 If you have any experience with Panera, this one is a nice example. No problems with the service or the food, and it's easy to get the nutritional information. I have had a few issues trying to get the wifi to work. One time I left something behind there, and they kept it safe until I returned an hour later. So praise for them on that rare but valued service.
4 I'm here frequently for lunch because I work nearby. This location is mixed in with a bunch of other "quick eat" places nearby. Panera is always good but the different locations can be hit or miss. I will say that this place is in an extremely busy area. There are a lot of professionals who work in the area and it can get outrageously busy. I usually order for pick-up for lunch cause of time.  It becomes hit or miss here. Sometimes my food will be ready and sometimes they will have no record of it. I have ended up spending half my lunch time there just waiting for them to actually get it ready. Otherwise, food is ready and i'm in and out within 5 minutes. They recently renovated and have plentiful seating, there is no shortage of staff EVER and the bakery is fresh and stocked full with goodies. All-in-all, a great lunch spot and an exceptionally clean and quick location!
4 Excellent Panera location. Much fancier furnishings than most and the staff were particularly chatty and friendly. Fast service and yummy food. Win win win.
4 It's Panera.  They're the same everywhere.  They've spent millions on figuring out what we want, so they've basically figured it out.  It's pretty good, pretty cheap...  You know, I wish some local would come up with something better but what can I say?  I'm not going to force-feed myself crap just because I won't support some corp.  What can ya do?  It's good stuff...
5 We had breakfast & coffee at this location this morning (3 little kids & 2 adults)-amazing customer service and wonderful experience! Thanks Castia (sp?) for the Easter egg cookies!
4 As previously mentioned, my office is within a stone's throw of this place, so it's safe to say that I've been here 30-40 times since the last review. I usually grab an iced tea during the day; if I'm pressed for time at lunch, I'll grab a salad or something light.  + Don't let the lines deter you; they'll get you in-and-out quickly + Cashiers are always friendly and helpful  + Menu changes frequently, especially the special salads + Current favorite: Chicken Hummus Power Salad - it's quite tasty & very healthy + Solid chicken noodle soup; consistently good - Items are a bit pricey (the aforementioned salad with a large iced tea is $10+)  + I dig the new buzzer system that alerts you when your meal is ready + Great to-go containers - Needs a little more waiting room/space; tends to back-up during rushes  + Decent coffee + Good rewards program for frequent diners/patrons  + Generally kept very clean
3 TL;DR: Average Food and atmosphere, lacking in customer service  I work nearby and occasionally patronize this Panera, most often for breakfast.  Today I stopped in for lunch.  Food: The food is good. It is on par with Panera's usual output. There was nothing subpar or exceptional about it. I'm not going to go on at length about the taste/quality. If you've had Panera, you know what their food tastes like regardless of location. I chose the 'pick two' option and had a sierra turkey sandwich and french onion soup.   Atmosphere: Again, average Panera. The dining area was picked up and clean, and even the floors were pretty clean given this is Wisconsin in the winter. Panera in general has a comfy atmosphere, and this location is no exception.   Service: Here's where I deduct a star. The worker who took my order was very lacking in customer service. When I placed my order, she said to me 'French Baguette?'. Since I'm not a regular, I assumed she meant what type of bread I wanted for my sandwich (the menu states focaccia). When I said I'd like my sandwich on the focaccia, she seemed impatient and replied with 'yeah yeah, french baguette for a side?'. After providing my card for payment, there was no further interaction. no 'here's your receipt' or 'thank you'. In fact, before she even handed me my receipt she was asking the next customer if she could help them. (There was only 1 more customer in line, so not like there was a large line to attend to). What was really concerning is that her nametag said 'Associate Trainer'. Yikes!  The next issue with service occurred at the pick up counter. I had been handed a buzzer that would be enacted when my order was ready. I stood waiting near the pick up line for my order. While standing there, I was audience to a very interesting conversation by the food preppers behind the counter about how dirty the towels they were using are. Yikes!!!  (It's a good think I know what goes on in most kitchens, or this would have turned my stomach. Still, this conversation shouldn't happen in earshot of customers!) A paper bag was placed in the window and my buzzer went off. There was no indication of what was in the bag or whose order it was. Yes, I could have assumed it was mine, but how should I know if there isn't another person waiting for a to go order? I had to ask what the order was. Now, when I've stopped in a time or two for breakfast, the order contents are 'called out' so you know what the order is. But that didn't happen here.   Overall, the food is what I expected from previous experience. The service was, however, lacking from my previous experiences.
5 Nothing negative about Panera.   Great food and service.   Just no free cookie....like the ones in the southwest!
3 I'm originally from St Louis, so I understand why I couldn't find St. Louis Bread Co...  I love the pecan rolls and coffee oh and wifi to read news. Place is very clean, I think the girl taking order was stressed that day. But no biggie I got my food fast and coffee was hot so no complaints.
