2 My Beau and I had date night Saturday evening and couldn't figure out where to go that we haven't been.  It is Madison after all.  Enter George's Chop House in Middleton - it's attached to the Holiday Inn Hotel & Water Park.  I'm not really a steak person and the lady on the phone stated they had a little of everything to taste so...  I got the shrimp cocktail as an appetizer (the sauce was quite thick and it tasted as if from a jar.) The entree I ordered was spaghetti and meatballs. How can you mess this up?  Someone found a way; the noodles & sauce had NO FLAVOR what so ever.  The meatballs were tasty; I looked across the table at my honey & he was like what's wrong and all I could think about was what hot sauce or concoction of toppings at home I had that would breathe life into this dead pasta.  The 2 Goose appletini's I had seemed to deaden my disappointment although not entirely.  He had the scallops through the recommendation of Trey, our waiter.  My beau said it was very good, but his veggies and smashed potatoes were cold in the middle.  Classic, un-classy heat-n-eat method...  He had a Pinot Grigio.  Oh, our salads that we got before the meal were fresh, clean & crisp.  Nice.  Damage?  $77.91; it's early, we're disappointed and we know just what to do; on to Maduro's!  Although the Maître d', Hostess, and waiter were all very nice; I doubt we will return.  If we do I will go ahead & try a steak since that is what they are know for - maybe they had an off night.  We'll see.
2 Did the easter brunch there.  Service was slow.  Food not good enough to visit again.
2 Stayed at Holiday Inn in Madison West as we visited friends for the weekend. Upon arrival to the hotel, wanted to grab a bite to eat so decided to try out George's Chop house. I ordered a Porter house and my wife ordered the shrimp and scallop with red sauce. The steak was just ok. I thought it was under seasoned. Nothing to be wowed about. The shrimp and scallop was actually pretty good. Over all experience was ok. But would probably not go back there again.
5 Had a great dinner with the wife and kids after some fun in the waterpark. George's is attached to the Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites and we decided to eat there as we were staying at the hotel for a little R&R with the kids.  Both entrees were very good (I had the Salmon and she had the portobella stuffed ravioli) but the real kicker is that Kid's eat free and they treat them right!  great kid's menu, their entrees came out FAST and included apple sauce and an ice cream bar for dessert.    Slick as Mud. Loved it!
