5 My dog is my life.  As evidenced by the pics I have representing me.  Have I become one of those parents that live vicariously through their children (aka, dogs?)... I may have...  But I digress.  This should give you some indication of the love I have for this canine creature, and hence there's a PRESSING need for making sure that she gets THE BEST ABSOLUTE treatment ever.  And this is where the fantastic team of "A Breed Apart" comes in.  Completely friendly staff always treats Sofia like their own pup, cheering her on, giving her treats when they do any procedure, and frankly everytime she's sick or has some kind of infection (damn rabbit turds that Sofia loves to eat) they're more than ready to treat it.  Also, they're the only vets that I feel comfortable calling at 1 am because my dog is limping, and they don't' give me the indication that they're pissed off because I just woke them up on a Saturday night.  I highly recommend them!!!
5 I've been taking my dog here since we got him, so he's been here for check-ups, shots, health issues, and to be neutered.  Every time I've been the vets were great.  I think we've seen all of them and they're all wonderful with my dog and know what they're doing.
5 Our little maltese is a bit high maintenance to say the least, being a rescue and having anxiety issues.  All of the staff at  A Breed Apart went out of their way to make sure our little baby felt comfortable.  Our vet was personable and incredibly sweet to Eloise.  She recommended the right meds for her, and was more concerned with Eloise's well being than charging us for extra services.  She even called the next day to see if Eloise had recovered from her visit.  I would recommend A Breed Apart to anyone, any day, anytime.
5 I lost my pug, Gus, last week on Thursday. He was not quite 11 years old but was having numerous health issues and we didn't want to see him suffer. He was my best friend and what I loved about a Breed Apart, specifically Dr. Kate Washabaugh and Dr. Meyers and the techs, was that they knew this and treated him like he was part of their family too!  They're nice, professional, and will care for your pets like they are they're own. I appreciate the fact that they were up front about conditions, treatment options and never did the overboard of 'let's make you do a slew of expensive tests' if there was a cheaper option that was still a good quality test.  Towards Gus' end of his life, Kate W laid out options of what we could do, costs, etc. and had the frank discussion with us on his quality of life though. I loved this place, loved the staff and Dr. Kate W and Dr. Meyers! My next pet will go here as well!  Note: I only saw Dr. Kate Peterson once or twice and preferred (i'll keep it to that, hoping she was having an off day) Dr. Kate W and Dr. Meyers.
5 You get the best care at the best price around!  Very caring and professional !  I would recommend them to any pet lovers.
