4 I was a tad bit anxious about finding a barber that caters to African Americans in small but fun Madison. I conducted some due diligence and discovered this place that's about 4 miles away from the capitol.   I happened to schedule a hair cut during the unfortunate tragedy that befell Ghana during the world cup quaterfinals, but it was all good. These guys gave me such a clean cut that I was impressed. It's staffed by 2 African Americans and a Latino who all seem to be adept at what they do, so I highly recommend the place. I'm not giving it 5 stars because I found them to be a little pricey. I was charged 15 bucks for a haircut, and when I offered the bloke my card, he asks me how much I'd like to put on it, as though he's expecting some fragging tip.   I understand that sort of bollocks when I'm in downtown Chicago or fragging manhattan, NY, but in Madison, WI you don;t charge me 15 bucks for a hair cut and expect a tip. I let it slide because they'd done such a good job on my hair. Good ambience and overall experience. Be sure to schedule an appointment before you visit. Cheers mates!
5 Xavier is the best barber always cuts me up real nice and has great styles for me. Place has great ambiance so friendly and u feel right at home. Makes me look forward to my weekly hair cuts :)
5 Best place to get my hair cut its such a nice get away I always feel welcomed. Sometimes I don't even need a hair cut its just about being around the staff that makes u feel good and want to keep coming back. All of the barbers are really great but my barber is Xavier. He amazes me every single time. Never fails!
5 Best place to get my hair cut its such a nice get away I always feel welcomed. Sometimes I don't even need a hair cut its just about being around the staff that makes u feel good and want to keep coming back. All of the barbers are really great but my barber is Xavier. He amazes me every single time. Never fails!
5 I was able to schedule an early morning appointment with absolutely no problem. The full beard and mustache trim I received was immaculate and quick. The price was low, and the atmosphere unquestionably friendly.
4 Actual stars & review to come later...after my real experience.  But, I did want to address these posts here which complain. *note: YELP requires that I use the star rating...so, I'll grant this requirement just because a few uneducated consumers posted lousy complaints based on their ignorance.   I'm new to Madison & I asked about a local barber that could cut my hair...otherwise, I normally cut it myself pretty well.  I was recommended to try this barber shop...so first, I wanted to read the reviews.  I must say that some people just don't get the etiquette of the industry! *and, I'm not a barber.  1) I could easily spend $20 bucks in Chicago for a haircut.  Why would anyone complain about spending $15 bucks for a great cut & service?!? It's 2014 people...everything is more expensive...including McDonalds! Btw guy, go get some cash too!!!! I'm sick if people using credit/debit cards for minor purchases...especially service. You complain about tipping & also want to use your card which charges the barber too...go get cash & pay industry people with cash.  Trust me...they'd appreciate it better than using a card for payment!  2) Secondly, when dealing with kids...I'm sure that most barbers would prefer that parents make an appointments...especially when bringing in more than one kid. *also, make sure that your kids are behaved around adults.  Traditionally, the classic barber shop is a place where adult men go to socialize, relax & to get a decent haircut. With this in mind, a lot of times, conversations in a barbershop are of a more mature subject matter.  Thus, the reason barbers are a bit more apprehensive about young kids in their shop.
