1 Lifetime warranty on all your pieces, eh? YA RIGHT!!!   LIMITED WARRANTY IS MORE LIKE IT!  I called the Madison store yesterday (5/18/11) and spoke with a woman (Laurie) who claimed to be the General Manager for the store.   I told her I was given a LIFETIME guarantee when i bought this designer necklace in 2007 and was specifically told that that I could exchange it at any time in the future for another item at their store.   I decided to trade in my $900 Scott Kay designer necklace and exchange it for a Hearts On Fire piece of equal value, but, according to Laurie, I MIGHT be able to exchange it (but they have to inspect it first!) and then only if I spent another $900 for the exchange item.  THERE IS ONLY A 90 DAY RETURN FOR FULL VALUE!  SO, UNLESS THE ITEM BREAKS, ANYTHING ELSE IS  CONSIDERED A TRADE-IN AND YOU HAVE TO PICK SOMETHING ELSE FOR 200% OF THE VALUE!  I am NEVER shopping at your store again!!!  That is a GUARANTEE!!!  (because you lied to me and deceived me at the point of purchase)
1 I purchased an Engagement ring for my wife here. I didn't know what she wanted and didn't want her to shop with me because I wanted to suprise her with my proposal. With this in mind I made several inquiries about the exchange/return policy and was assured that I'd be able to exchange the full value of the ring for a different ring if she wanted to pick out something else. Since I have horrible taste in anything feminine I wasn't suprised when my wife preferred to pick something out together. Upon return to the store the Manager was borderline hostile when I requested to exchange it and would only allow me to do so if I spent double money on an engagement ring.  My wife didn't want anything large on her tiny hand and was against spending more than we already had. The General manager finally gave in and allowed me to exchange the Diamond only, and offered to give me scrap value for the setting that I spent $350 on. Don't believe anything the snake oil esque salesmen say in regard to them honoring any sort of verbal agreement related to exchanges and take their opinions with a grain of salt. Unfortunately I'm stuck with the ring from that store I wish I had shopped anywhere else. Even walmart would have been better.
5 I've been a customer for 7 years now and have always been pleased with my experiences. I originally went there scouting out bridal sets. It was the first place I had gone that wasn't pushy. I ended up with a Jeff Cooper set that I still get compliments on. We've also had repair work (my Grandmother's engagement ring) done there.  My husband has found plenty of other goodies for me there over the years. They are always willing to work within our budget and are patient in helping my husband make decisions. I also appreciated the vouchers they gave us with our wedding set.
5 My boyfriend and I stopped in here on a Saturday to browse and try on some engagement rings to see what we liked and didn't like. We had first stopped in at the jewelry store next door (Jared-the Galleria of Diamonds) to The Diamond Center. However when we walked in we looked around the store for a little while before someone who worked there even acknowledged us. And when she did she told us someone be with us shortly... Which they were not and we walked out and went next door to The Diamond Center. We had planned on going to both but were glad we went to TDC.  As soon as we walked into TDC we were greeted by Justin who asked what we were in for today. He sat down with us to get to know us better and what we thought we were interested in. He took us through each step in selecting a ring for us. And would ask us what liked and disliked about each ring we looked at so he knew better to what to narrow us down to. Jason, the store manager, also assisted us along with Justin. Since I am a nurse I had some special needs in my ring, like I needed a shorter shank on the ring so it would sit down more in my finger and not get caught on my gloves while I worked. We had 2 rings that we selected that we liked. We liked the above look of one and the side view and height of the other. Then the salesmen told us we'd be better off designing our own rather than buying a designer line ring. So we did, they took us back into their office and got onto a program that allowed us to change things about the rings to get them to be one ring that worked best for us. They really were helpful and kind to both of us. We spent about 2 hours there and ended up designed and purchasing my engagement ring. Now they just need to make it. We can't wait to see the finished result!! Will review again when the process is over!
5 I've been a diamond center loyal customer now for almost 7 years. These guys do a great job of advising options and giving honest advice. Their pricing is very fair for quality jewelry. They always seem to go the extra mile to make sure I'm happy. If You're looking for a lifelong jeweler this would be the one.
5 We have bought all our of jewelry here for the last 10+ years! It's always a great experience, and friendly (not pushy) staff  :) We have always compared prices, quality, and repair and nobody beats The Diamond Center.  They give you a lifetime warranty, and you don't have to go there every 6 months to keep it valid. They have added to my ring 3 times now and the work is always free. They do quality work by an on-site Goldsmith.  No waiting 6-8 weeks to send a ring in and get repaired.  Awesome store and experience!  And for the bad reviews out there: DON'T BUY SOMETHING FOR HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS IF YOU'RE NOT SURE! This isn't a Wal-mart where they take anything back no questions asked... it's a quality store with quality people.
