4 I little out of the way, but located right by a library, so that's a good thing.  Small, dinerish eating area.  I got the asian mixed greens to go.  I have this weird chinese food curse where everytime I get takeout, the sauce escapes from the container and ends up in the bottom of the bag, but the sauce I had left was delicious, creamy, buttery and garlicky.  The veggies were wonderful and varied, a little bit of tomato and a few pieces of shitake added to the usual vegetables to make a nice treat.
4 great take-out--inside has no atmosphere, very clean, for loners who don't want table service and don't mind eating with plastic utensils on styrofoam-ick.  Owners are friendly--and give efficient service.  Be careful with hours.  Weekday afternoon "break" from 2-4 PM often extends until 4:15--have not always waited--just gone elsewhere. Vietnamese specials also made by request only.
5 Our new favorite Asian restaurant in the Madison area. The restaurant is small but don't let that fool you. The food is GREAT!!! We have gone three times and each time we try different things. We have loved it each and every time. I'm picky, but at Asia Express I'm confident that the food I order is going to be great. From garlic chicken to beef and broccoli. I can't say enough good things about this place. Now go and try it for yourself.
5 This is our favorite take out place.  The food is always fresh, flavorful and plentiful.  The owners are very nice also.  We drive out of the way for take out from them.
1 WORSE GENERAL TSO CHICKEN AND CRAB RAGOONS EVER!!!!  Not being a Madison native, I was relying on yelp to find a good Chinese fast food to pick up.  With 4 1/2 stars, I figured this was a safe bet, but for the first time ever, I was blindsided by other yelp reviewers.    Thinking that general tso chicken and crab ragoons were the safe choices for ANY chinese take out, I was wrong.   The general tso chicken was SO salty I couldn't even swallow it.  I honestly didn't taste ANY general tso, tangy flavoring... it was pure SALT.  The crab ragoons had less than a teaspoon of filling in it and were cooked so crisp, I couldn't even break it. For ~4$, I expected a little more than that.    Don't get me wrong... I understand this is a chinese take out and I dont expect 5 star quality food, but it was so bad I had to return it and went to ANOTHER chinese restaurant for food.   I honestly would have given this a 0 star but they were willing to give me back a refund, which entitled it a 1 star.  The funny thing is when I called back to complain about how salty the food was, she told me that I should have told her not to put as much salt in my food.  Explaining to her how I've never been at the take out, I didn't know I had to specify "not so much salt" when ordering a tangy dish... and she continued to argue with me saying that all of her customers like it that way...and those who dont, they know better and would order "not so much salt" next time they come back,, so next time, I should order correctly.    No thanks, I won't be coming back.   So save your money...save your time...
4 I wanted to rate a 3.5, but since I can't decided to round up. We got take out on a Saturday night. We called at 7:30pm, and were told that they were really busy so it would be about 40minutes. Kinda felt like the girl on the phone was irritated that I was bothering her while she was busy. When we got there, the place was deserted, and our order was waiting for us (The only one on the counter). The cook smiled & waved to us as we entered, and eventually two young girls came out to help us. We had ordered 1 egg roll, but the girl said "Oh, really? I heard 2". Nope, just 1. We just looked at each other, as I waited for her to say, ok I will charge you for 1. Never happened. My hubby looked at me and said, well you want 2 anyway, don't you? So finally, I said sure. We paid and got out of there.   Everything was nice and hot when we got home. Unfortunately, everything is served in styrofoam, even the soups. Boo. Can't recycle styrofoam around here.  The veggie egg rolls were good (BOTH of them. :)). The sweet and sour was a bit too runny and vinegary for my tastes. The hubby enjoyed his hot and sour soup quite a bit. I got the wonton soup - chicken & pork wontons. Really nice, light broth. The noodles are nice and thin, unlike the thick, gummy ones that you usually get at fast food Chinese joints. There was not too much filling in the wontons, which was perfect for me since I'm not much of a meat eater.  I had the shrimp in lobster sauce - I had asked the girl on the phone if there was any pork in it, since that is traditional of lobster sauce. She said, "Pork?". Yes, pork. In the lobster sauce. "Ummm, I don't believe so". I was skeptical that she knew what she was talking about, but she was right. No pork. Also, no black beans, and no garlic. Not a very traditional dish. Diced carrots, chopped up pea pods and mushrooms with a white sauce with egg mixed in (the only part that was reminiscent of lobster sauce). Tons and tons of shrimp! It was cooked well, the shrimp were perfect, though the sauce was a bit bland for my taste. I added ginger and soy sauce to kick it up a notch.  The hubs got the SIngapore chicken. Another big order with lots of chicken. Good amount of spiciness. Broccoli, carrots, bamboo, mushroom - all were cooked well, nice and crispy. He is undecided if he would recommend it to a friend.   So in summary, some things were pretty darn good, and some were AOK. The service leaves something to be desired, so I think we'll stick with take out.
1 I had a very bad experience with them,. I ordered LoMein noodles and asked them to make it spicy. When I went to pick the food, I was charged $12, It sounded pretty expensive. I was hesitant to ask what was the normal price. I though I can check that in their menu and also I wanted one menu for my future ordering. I could not find any to-go menu on their counter. I could find few on the other side out of my reach. I requested her if I can have a menu. She rudely said that they don't have as much and can't give one to me. I told her, I will review and return it back t her. She rudely refused and said she can't give it me. I have never experienced anything like this. It was really frustrating. I felt very much discriminating. I am not a citizen of this country and have different country origin which is visibility seen. I assume, if it was someone else, she could have definitely given the  menu. Very upsetting. I ended paying $12+ for one order of noodle. Please be aware to check the price of your order over the phone before heading there. Otherwise you will surprised and end up paying more. This place does not know what customer service is.
4 I have been here several times for take out. I always have had a good meal. Always hot and just the way I order it. The staff is really nice. I would recommend it!
1 Horrible service. Never anyone in there and the owner charged me more money for request no onions !!! Wtf!!!! Any didn't even tell me and charged me !!!! Never going back!!!!!!!!! So much  worst lo mein , shrimp is super hard and so much sprouts barely any noodles !
