5 Great service!! I had to bring in my work truck to get it detailed and at the same time I brought my boyfriends truck as well. My truck took longer then normal but when I was picking it up, they explained to me they had to rub some spots out of the paint and that was why it was taking so long, so I understood then at that point. They went well beyond compared to normal detail shops that I highly recommend the location. The guys working here seems like hard working honest guys that it also makes me feel good that I am supporting a local business owned by great people.
5 Went there for the first time yesterday. I had both an interior and exterior detail. Car looks great, prices are fair and really great customer service (including a follow up call this morning yo make sure I was happy with the work).  I will definitely bring my car back again in the future. It looks brand new!
5 What a great place!   Took my old truck i am selling there for a detail inside and out and wow, did they impress.  Not only is my truck look like new but they cleaned the engine and went above and beyond to buff out some scratches and make the truck look like new.
5 After reading some positive reviews on Yelp, I thought I would try out Rocky's on my VW Golf.  It need some sprucing up, buffing out some scratches and polishing the headlights.  They did a really great job, paying a lot of attention to detail.  I dropped the car off the night before, and they called me in the early afternoon to tell me it was all set.  I had to get a ride back to the garage a bit later in the day, and the guy said he'd be around after closing for a little while in case I had any questions.  I was really pleased with the job they did.  Super clean, buffed out all the scratched bits I couldn't get out myself.  The headlights were too pitted to buff out with a standard polishing, but they looked better than before and they didn't charge me extra for the time they put in on it.  They also tried to keep my car inside most of the day while it rained so I could see it clean and sparkly when I arrived.  Stellar work, and I appreciated the great communication about time frame and expectations.  The total bill was also a lot less than I was expecting.  I will certainly be back!
