5 Excellent service
2 I've shopped at three different Copps stores in the Madison area. The Junction Road store, Whitney Way store and The Century Ave store in Middleton. After shopping way too long at the Whitney Way location I finally had to throw in the towel. Just some of the issues there  were-- lack of enough cashiers, no restocking of product, no facing of product, charging full price on items that were supposed to be on sale and the deli lady not wearing gloves and scrapping the spoon against her skin to get product off her hand - YUCK. I had to inform the salad bar lady that there was fuzzy mold on the berries  on the jello salad- double YUCK.  I tried the Copps on Century Ave but the store is a little too small for my needs. Finally I switched to the Junction Rd location. A smaller store than the Whitney Way location but I tried to make it work for me.  Some of the same issues plague this store - no product on the shelf, no facing product, the fruit is consistently not  very good. I thnik the deli people are better and the seafood men always seem helpful but they could keep the meat counters stocked much better!  The younger checkers aren't very friendly, but the older ladies are pretty good. This store does a better job of actually giving you the sale price they advertise.  But today was the last time I'm shopping there. I think a lot of their better employees have quit to go work for the new HY-VEE in town.  I got home and didn't have my rotisserie chicken - couldn't believe it. The bagger put absolutely everything in my cart except - DINNER. I called the store and asked them to deliver it to my house and they said No, eventhough it was completely the baggers fault. HY-VEE opens next week  - THANK GOD!  No more Copps.
3 Generally speaking, I'm not a fan of Copps... this one does in a pinch.  - Shopper loyalty programs are annoying. But even more annoying are the self check-out kiosks that won't leave you alone while checking out... "Did you remember to scan your Copps card?" "Have you scanned your Copps card?" "When will you scan your Copps card?" "Why won't you scan your Copps card?" - Because I don't have one, and because I hate the idea of this...   - Salad bar. Veggies - great. Meats - not so much. Too processed tasting; slimy. Meh.  + Clean, huge space + Nice produce section + Intuitive layout + Bulk food items/bins  - Prices aren't as competitive as Woodmans - Selection isn't as good as Woodmans - Dairy section, while huge, always seems to be out of Fage yogurt... grr.
