2 Lots of beers to choose from. Food is just not good. Everything is overprocessed, frozen and dripping with grease.
4 Not half bad, way better than Uno across the street. Tons of beer on tap to choose from.
4 Menu is fine. Beers are not cheap but I love the beer tour.
3 The food is average.  I don't typically go here for the food....I go for the beer.  There are 110 different beers to choose from, and if you are so inclined, you can do the "World Beer Tour."  In order to complete the tour, you have to drink all 110 beers, but it's cool because they give you lots of incentives and prizes along the way.  My husband is doing the beer tour, and Old Chicago just sent him $5 to spend there because he has had 2 visits.  The more you go, the more money/prizes they give you.  Wednesday night trivia is always a good time, but it's pretty crowded.
3 The 3-star rating I've given to Old Chicago is an average. I'd rate it 4 stars most of the time, because it's solid food, reasonably priced, with decent service. However, it gets 1 star on Wednesday nights, which is when they have their unbelievably loud, annoying trivia contest. I'm sure it's fine for the people in the bar who are actually participating, but they blast it over the loudspeakers thruout the entire restaurant, including overhead speakers unavoidable by people who are just trying to have a quiet conversation and can't hear themselves think over the shouting of the quizmaster and the super loud music they play between questions.
2 Their "Chicago-style" Pizza is just deep dish pizza. It's not Chicago-style pizza. Their sauce was good (properly un-cooked, as it should be), but it was on the bottom, underneath the cheese, and it had very few toppings. The crust did not have the typically "fried" taste/texture to it, as it was simply baked.  What kept them from getting 1 star was that the manager came to the table to talk to us about their restaurant since we were first-timers. I asked him about their pizza, and he said that they don't have a proper oven to be able to bake a proper Chicago-style pizza. Their big thing is the 110 beers they have, but being that I'm not a beer drinker, I don't think I have much reason to come back.  If you want truly authentic Chicago-style pizza, go to Rosati's - it's a couple blocks east on Mineral Point Rd.
2 I hadn't read too many great reviews about this place on Yelp! but a friend suggested I try this place before I left Wisconsin so I decided to give them a try.  Despite hearing fairly good reviews about the pizza I planned to get Ians the next day (my last Saturday in Madison) so I decided to go with a cheeseburger instead.  We arrived and were waited on in a timely fashion.  I placed my order for a Chicago burger with American cheese (see pic) and my friend ordered the appetizer sampler (see pic) thinking it would be a regular sized sampler.    My burger arrived in about 20 minutes.  It was cooked he way I asked, medium-rare.  The burger itself was pretty decent, but nothing memorable.  It was fairly dry but not really ridiculously so.  Instead of fries I got a side salad which was ok, although you'd think tomatoes were in short supply in the world since I only got one 1 tiny cherry tomato in my salad.  I also didn't like the lack of cheese in my salad but lots of places don't offer that so no big deal.    My friends appetizer turned out to be HUGE, about what 4 or 5 people would snack on while waiting for their dinner.  I tried a couple of hot wings, a bbq wing and cheese stick of of the tray.  The wings were meaty but not particularly hot (as in hot/cold hot) and the hot wings weren't particularly spicy either, rather bland.  The bbq wings had a decent amount of sauce but the hot wings were definitely not sauced enough.  The cheese stick was good and hot and how a cheese stick should taste.  All in all the sampler tasted about like the burger, pretty decent but pretty forgettable.    So I guess my bottom line is this place is alright, I'd go hear again if a friend suggested it but I'd never come back here on my own initiative.  They do have a really nice patio out back and their beer list looked really strong so that'd probably be the main thing for me to ever want to try if I were to come back.  Oh that and the pizza of course.  And just a note, the service was fine and the restaurant seemed pretty nice, as well as clean, it's just the food was not particularly great, just average.  This place reminds me alot of TGIF's, of which I'm not a fan of...  Although I didn't taste the pizza it looked pretty decent from the people sitting around me and it's possible, although unlikely from the reviews on Yelp!, that the pizza may be the item to order here.  It's highly unlikely I however will ever find out..
3 Old Chicago has a wide beer selection, a broad swath of televisions covering sporting events and good happy hour and late night specials. It is a decent place to get a beer and hang out, but the food is only average. I wouldn't bring a date here.  Most food for one person hovers right around $10 per plate. The aforementioned specials can be great deals and include $2.00 mini pizzas and 1/2-price appetizers, and that is what I would take advantage of.
4 I've been back to Old Chicago, and I think they deserve an upgrade. The service is steadily good, there's always new beer to try, and the prices are reasonable. I had a pizza there with a friend and we were both pleasantly surprised at how good it was. It was a "Chicago Style" - which, by the way, is emphatically not a Chicago-style pizza - with pepperoni and green peppers. The crust was buttery and bready like a good pan pizza should be, with great cheese and the just-right amount of pepperoni. I thought they could have gone heavier on the green pepper, but I'm just nitpicking.  Service was attentive, friendly, prompt and timely. I'm starting to hang out there a bit with friends as it beats quite a few other neighborhood places out in price and quality while also having more pleasant surroundings and room to move without tripping on your neighbor as at some other area watering holes.
2 A couple of my friends really enjoy this place, but no matter how much I try, I just can't warm-up to the place.  They do have a decent tap selection, which includes a nice mix of local micros and tasty macros.  Not in the mood for a tap?  Check out the large selection of bottled brews.  Their beer menu is excellent because it lists the style, the origin (city/state/country), and ABV.  Pricing is a bit higher than you'll find at most of the locally-run pubs.  The food and service is where I have to take away a star or two... The food I've tried has been greasy - from the chicken tenders to the pizza rolls to the regular pizza - it's all been terribly greasy.  It tastes hyper-processed - I think another reviewer made note of this, and I couldn't agree more... And, it's overpriced - count on spending around $22-$24 for dinner, a drink, and a soda/tea.    Service is (wait for it) spotty.  I've been to this location five or six times, and have only once had a really good server - we sat in the bar, and our server was excellent.  He never let a glass go beyond 2/3 empty.  Sitting in the dining area has resulted in less than favorable service, even when the place wasn't busy.  So... Old Chicago... I'm sorry, but I have to give you a "MEH" rating.  Food = 2 stars (greasy; seems sub-par) Service = 2 stars (very spotty; sit in the bar for best service) Value = 2 stars (pricey) MISC = 3 stars (good beer selection)  With places like Roman Candle, Rosatti's, Glass Nickel, Buck's, and others very nearby, I can't justify hitting Old Chicago.  Sorry.
2 Barely a two-star experience last night... it started when we asked for a table in the bar - party of 6.  We were "seated" in a half-booth that could fit 4 people at best.  Our server looked confused when we asked if we could get a larger table - she actually suggested that two of us stand near the booth (chairs weren't allowed due to fire codes).  So, we asked to be moved to the nearly empty dining room, and were taken to a corner booth that - wait for it - could fit 4 people at best.  We asked if we could put two tables together, as the dining room was literally empty (there were two other couples eating in the dining room).  We got a half-hearted response: "Um, I guess we could do that?"  Once seated, things got worse.  New server was pushing for orders as soon as we sat down.  "Are you ready to order food?"  We asked for a minute to browse through the sticky menus (they were literally grimy and sticky), but managed to order appetizers, which arrived in less than 3 minutes (we didn't have our drinks yet).  How that's even possible is beyond me.  Sicilian rolls were greasy, not very crispy, and tasted heavily processed.  Round of drinks arrived; we ordered food.  One of the folks at our table wanted to order the chili; when he asked, our server said, "I think we're out of it, but I'll check."  She left without taking the remaining orders.  She returned with a bowl of what was passed off as chili... I'm told it was more of a southwestern-style chicken soup.  He asked if that was the chili and was told that it definitely was the chili.  She mentioned something about a recent menu change and how many items had changed, including the chili.  Hmmm.  I finally got to order an entree; we ordered another round of drinks.    Food arrived and it was disappointing once again.  Greasy, overly processed, and just "not good."  I felt smarmy after the meal.    Glasses and empty bottles were never cleared from the table during the entire meal.  We left at 8:00pm; five of us commented about how poor the experience was (once again) - one thought it was "ok" (he's a huge fan of the place).  I'm done with OC.
1 So we got a $10 off coupon in the mail...we go for lunch and were warmly greeted and seated immediately. We opted for the lunch special of 1/2 panini and a salad and Calzone with a salad. The pizza prices were outrageous! $24 bucks for a 14 inch pizza? REALLY?  the salads were just OK...skimpy on the dressing, with one over-ripe cherry tomato. The Panini was tiny and and cut into two pieces. One with ample meat, cheese and peppers. The other had NO peppers,  NO meat and was all cheese. The french fries were soggy and over salty. The very nice hostess came over said our coupon was $10 off a $20 total meal, so she suggested a piece of turtle cheesecake, which was very tasty and pushed the total to $21.00.  Not worth the price at all.
3 I was here today for drinks to watch the game and this place doesn't disappoint.  It doesn't disappoint however because my expectations aren't that high for it.  The service is usually really good but it's a bar and serves standard bar fare.  They have the standard wings and fried appetizers that are usually pretty good.  They also have a great selection of beer, at least I think so based on my limited knowledge of beer.    This place has a regular Happy Hour as well as a late night Happy Hour!  I believe the appetizers  during Happy Hour are half off  with drinks being a few dollars off.  Another nice thing about this place is that they are always changing the menu.  Today I had fries with bacon, cheese, and sour cream that wasn't half bad; it also wasn't on the menu a few months ago when I was here last.  It's nice to go somewhere and try something new not knowing if it's going to be on the menu when you come back again.    I dig Old Chicago.  It's a chill place to watch a game, grab a drink and hang with friends.
1 I honestly don't get how this place has been open for so long.   I never heard good things but being stuck waiting for a bus got me here. A friend and  I enter were greeted 15 mins later. No one was there.   I order a soda and a sandwich. Friend orders a beer and wings.   Soda did not taste right- the server said yeah the bag has to be changed. It took 10 more minutes, but finally it tasted right. The beer was not very cold.   But the food was awful. It just seemed microwaved and that too poorly. I did not even finish my sandwich.    The server was nice, thats the only positive I can say.
5 We came here for happy hour on a wednesday, and it turned out to be trivia night--so we stayed & played.  Really good beer selection! For food we had the Jalapeno pretzels--2 big pretzels with cheese sauce to dip, and the pepperoni rolls--6 in an order, kinid of like cinnamon rolls, but pizza.  Both were excellent--fresh and hot.  Was a little bummed that happy hour only lasted until 6, but both the service and the food were great.  Trivia was fun--we would come back, but with more people to cover all the categories!
5 I was in Madison for 3 weeks and I went to old Chicago no less then 3 times, they had an enormous beer selection, decent prices, and very friendly staff. I orders the lunch special w/ a salad, it was on my table with in 2 minutes. Fresh and crisp with a tangy Caesar dressing, and a kickass blt with turkey! 8 bucks! I will return during my next visit.
2 Very solidly 2 stars for me. I had the chicken strips platter, and was...not impressed. The chicken was thin and kinda tough, and the fries were limp and a bit soggy. Nothing about the menu seemed particularly creative, either. Service was fine, and my strawberry lemonade was tasty, but the food was just "meh". I'm glad I finally tried Old Chicago, but I could probably have done without it and I probably won't be back.
3 A little over-priced, but they have good specials for happy hour and late-night.  Lots of different beers on tap which rotate seasonally and with special promos.  Be sure to become a World Beer Tour member for additional giveaways.  The best thing about this place is the people who go there to sit at the bar.  Always a good conversation to be had about sports or otherwise.
