3 Grade: C  Semi-decent steaks. Skip the nasty Onion Blossom and go for the Blue Cheese Salad instead. Good service.
4 We go there on occasion.  Not a great variety of steaks on the menu but they have a decent  children's menu.  Service is always very good the food though is just average.  I would recommend Johny's Italian Steak house over in Greenway Station.  For the same price you will get a far better meal.
5 Should I be embarassed that I like this place so much??? Maybe.  Hey. They have decent steaks for cheap, and friendly service. My friend and I love to go and whine about our lives over Wallaby Darneds(great fruity drink). The bread that comes with your meal is so good you could easily fill up and have no room for your actual entree. The salad dressings are good, I'm a fan of the Tangy Tomato.   So, if you're in the mood for a slab of meat and you're on a budget...  Let's go Outback tonight.
3 I am fundamentally against eating at large-scale chain restaurants.  I prefer to go with the locally owned stuff.  Both of the times I've eaten at Outback, it was because I got to eat there for free.  That said, Outback is decent.  On my first visit, I had the Victoriana Filet (or whatever it's called) with broiled bleu cheese on top.  That was pretty good, considering I'm not much for steaks (but am one for melted cheese).  I think the boy had prime rib, which I heard no complaints about.   On my second visit, I had the "Port Tilapia" (or whatever it's called), which is smeared with some kind of creamy cajun sauce, and is accompanied by freshly steamed veggies.  OM NOM NOM!  Now that was seriously delicious.  The bonus being that, given the fish and vegetable aspect (and setting aside the cream sauciness), I didn't feel like such a fat bastard upon leaving.  One of these times, fellow diners insisted on eating one of their epically calorie-loaded "Bloomin' Onions."  Admittedly, I was curious about trying this 'appetizer,' because I'd heard of its legendary calorie count.  "I'll bet that tastes AWESOME!" the Wisconsin Girl in me said.  Yeeeah, not so much.  It was a greasy, breaded onion that falls apart when you try to put some on your plate.  Yuck, blech, ptooey.  The service is on the scary side of friendly and helpful.  The humongous steak knives they give you for a small piece of bread really skeeve me out to the point of not wanting to use them.  The wine list was fairly unimpressive (and given their Aussie theme, I thought I'd be able to find better Aussie vino, but whatever).  Also, the hostesses tend to be skankily dressed teenage girls....what's up with that?
3 The Blooming Onion is very good. I have urges when driving by one to stop for just the blooming onion with the its great sauce. Not interested in eating their steaks -- no real reason.
2 Outback isn't...bad...but what's the point? For a chain it's not bad, though. I'll consider going if friends want to. And for the record, I agree with the previous reviewer that the Bloomin Onion is just disappointing on all levels.   Maybe the ultimate problem is I never want a cheap steak. An expensive steak can be delicious, but if you're not going to go balls out for an excellent cut of meat and preparation, there are so many more interesting things you can do with that same steak (I'll take a steak huarache at Taqueria Guadelajara or a kebab at Shish Cafe any night of the week for less money).  Sometimes you just want something familiar, though, and if you're considering going to Outback you know what to expect.   But I might cry a little.
4 I've always liked going Outback.  It's about 50/50 for how often we go to sit down vs. taking it curbside.  Both are consistently good.  I love the bloomin onion, I always get a salad with honey mustard dressing, and generally eat an embarassing amount of the bread and butter.  I crave it at odd hours of the day.  The service is always prompt and quick and you never have to spend a fortune for a dinner for two.  I'm a fan.
4 I haven't been to an Outback in years.  I was on a road trip with my brother and we wanted to go out for a steak dinner.  I was buying.  I checked out some other local place but everything was really pricey.  We settled on Outback because the prices seemed reasonable.  We ordered a chicken quesadilla appetizer, which was not traditional but still very good.  My bother ordered the sirloin and lobster tail ~$23.00.  The lobster tails were three half tails, and a little on the small side but perfectly cooked and very tasty.  His steak was beautiful rare to perfection.  I ordered the prime rib, a 12 oz cut for I think it was 16.00.  It was excellent, perfectly rare, perfectly tender.  I was also able to get a baked sweet potato with brown sugar and honey that was fantastic.  The service was great too.  All and all a very satisfying meal for around $55.
2 Dear Outback,      What happened? Gone are the days where I could count on you for a decent, perfect temperature steak that I would basically take home because I had already eaten a whole loaf of your delicious bread. Even your tangy tomato dressing doesn't titillate me any longer.      Now, we've gotten into the pattern of weird service, and under/over cooked dishes. I'm not sure what the final straw was. Perhaps the skewer of shrimp you "upselled" to me, and then served raw.   I'm afraid that our relationship is reduced to a stop in for a sweet, icy Wallaby Darned before heading out for a meal.   Best wishes for better dishes,   Kelly
2 Very disappointing dinner. Had to ask for silverware when we got our salads.  Our waitress didn't know the menu, had to ask someone about several items on the menu.  They were out if ribs and prime rib.  I ordered the sirloin with coconut shrimp, sweet potato fries & garlic mashed potatoes. The steak was cooked medium as ordered but very tough and no seasoning. The shrimp and fries were the only good things on my plate. My boyfriend ordered chicken fried steak but there was barely any steak.  The rice was very bland. Probably never coming here again.
1 Urgent!!! Avoid this restaurant, I made the mistake of giving their take out another try. The last time, when I arrived at home, I discovered that the order was wrong. The one entree they got right was raw lamb. Gave them another try today, they got the order right but we asked for no chives in the soup and it was full of them. The Caesar salad had brown lettuce, the baked potato was days old and so salty on the inside, it was not edible. Finally, my chicken was overlooked and sand paper dry. I called the manager, told him of my experience but he believes that his food is consistent, yeah consistently BAD. Do not eat here.
2 I have been to this Outback about three times and the last two times have been bad.  Today the food was cold and they forgot to put tomatoes on my chicken sandwich. It also took 40 minutes for the food to be cooked.  This place is not recommended to people who like somewhat quick warm food.
2 Don't come here if you are in a large group. You have been warned! I came here on 3/11 with a group of 8 to celebrate a friends birthday. We all ordered basic steak dishes with no special instructions other than how we wanted it cooked. Our order was placed at 6:30 and we had to ask for the bread because by this point, it hadn't been offered to us yet. Our salads finally arrived a half hour later and they weren't even brought out by our waitress.... by this point we were all starving! At 7:15, half of our table was served their food, the rest of us were told our food "was on it's way". The rest of us didn't receive our meals until 7:30, a WHOLE hour after we originally ordered and the other half of our table was finished eating by this point. We asked the waitress if it's common for orders to take an hour and her lame excuse was " We have to split the orders in half for large tables, otherwise it confuses our cooks". We spoke to the night manager that was walking around and expressed our dissatisfaction and all she could say was "I'm really sorry about that, how about 2 desserts for your table to share". 2 desserts for 8 people????!!!! So we ended up getting a couple ice cream sundaes for the kids to share. I'm a germaphobe and was not impressed by this unhygienic offer, but whatever.  Just for the record, my husband and I came here for lunch on Valentines day and didn't experience any problems during that visit.
