2 Poorly managed. Had the potential to be a great club, considering the size and abundance of equipment. Unfortunately the management only seems to care about signing people up to long term, iron clad contracts.  The men's locker room is pretty disgusting most of the time, smelling of mold or B.O. or both. Who puts carpeting in a locker room that has consistent foot traffic from the showers?? Hot tub and steam room are pretty gross most of the time and the showers are in constant need of repair with soap dispensers that are only full about 1/2 the time.  Don't buy into their story about being able to transfer to a similar club anywhere in the country if you happen to move within your term. I'm stuck with the only option of driving to their 3rd location in New Berlin which is close to an hour drive. Only other option they offer is to put my contract on hold until I move back, which isn't in the cards. Money down the drain. Wouldn't renew even if I was nearby.
2 I have to echo the previous criticisms.  We had some similar problems.  They were more concerned about getting a contract signed instead of finding way to provide the services we desire. We were under threat of being laid off and I asked them to put my payments on hold or allow me a buy out.  They would not agree to anything.  So we paid our last required payments and never went back.  They got their few hundred dollars but lost a lifelong customer.  Was it worth it? The pool was nice and some of the treadmills were good.   We had to compete sometimes to get on some of the machines. Interesting to hear about the religious influence here and the lack of yoga classes.  I hadn't heard that.  very weird. I would consider a different club.
1 Echoing some of the previous comments. Clearly the management doesn't care if customers have a good experience. Equipment is often broken. Bringing this up with employees results in little-if-any action. I also had issues leaving. I was transferred out of state and tried to cancel my membership, but was informed that was impossible. If I ever move back to Madison, I won't be going here. I have never heard of such crooked policies. Glad you guys made a quick buck, it might be your last. Location was convenient for me and I liked the 24hr open doors.
1 I foolishly signed on for 6 mo under some pressure from sales.  I was told that I got 2 free sessions with a personal trainer, so I booked the appts right away to get me started off on the right foot.  Maybe 'The Biggest Loser' has set my expectations too high - the the so-called personal trainer stood around looking bored as I apathetically did the weight machines.  I did enjoy the spin class, but this is not the kind of club where staff cares.  And once I heard about the owner's religious views, you can bet I didn't renew once the contract was up.  I do not support fundamentalism of any kind.
4 2 stars for having both a large section of free weights and cardio machines. Really, whatever is your thing for exercise, they have it in abundance. They upgraded a ton of the equipment in late 2010, and many machines have iPod docks now. Cable TV is on almost every machine.   Of course, from 4-7 p.m. when people are done with work, it's really really busy.  1 more star for having all of their classes free, all the time. That's rare. This includes dietary/nutrition classes.  1 more star for having an epic tennis court and soccer field on the roof, with fantastic views of the West side. It's really beautiful up there, and the turf is the same as in the U.S. Open.  The only reason this isn't 5 stars is because to get a decent rate you have to sign up for two years and with a partner. Otherwise, people (entitled West-siders, hmm...) are really nitpicking. It offers everything.
2 Religion and Fitness, is that like mind and body?  I can't support a fitness club that operates as a church..
4 Plenty of workout equipment, easy parking, rooftop soccer field and tennis courts are awesome!
1 they only want your money, they say you can renew your contract but it is not renewing your contract when they increase the price of your contract. thats signing a new contract, the parking lot is always packed and they have to many people signed up and is always too busy at any normal hour
2 My review might as well be a piecemeal of the other halfway-bad reviews.    I've been going to this gym for a year now and can say the facility itself is very good.  Plenty of machines, plenty of space to move between cardio, limited and free weights.  Also plenty of smaller core toys to keep you buys; medicine balls, balance balls, hand weights, jumpropes, etc.  The wet area is always a pleasure to use; sometimes you have to wait for a lane in the pool but that's the same everywhere.  One nitpick...the shower area has a tendency to REEK.  They don't do much of a job cleaning old, stale water out of it, so it can have quite the odor.  I also can't say enough good things about the Express (Princeton X) locations.  Brand new machines, nice and clean, individual shower rooms, open all night (even on Easter, imagine that)...and no annoying pennypinching desk clerks!  Which segues perfectly into the reason this gets two stars; simply because of the service.  It's horrible.  They're out to get every last dollar out of you that they can.    Want to bring a guest?  20 bucks please.  Misplace your membership card or need to replace because it's worn out? 10 bucks please (seriously).  Wanna add a member of your family to your membership?  Sure...the rate is reasonable but NOW THEY'RE ON THEIR OWN 2 YEAR CLOCK!!!  I'm pretty sure that when my $49/mo membership contract expires but my 12 year old daughter's $20/mo add-on contract continues on, they'll increase the price of hers so they can get their $49.  Some of the sales agents are actually pretty nice and will get you things the front desk would otherwise charge you for (they can waive the $20 guest fee or even furnish new membership cards if they're feeling nice that day), but for the most part it's a nice fitness center completely staffed by crooks.  So bottom line is...take it if you have to, but stay away if you can.  If you live close to Harbor or Gold's or Pinnacle I'd take my chances with them.
1 I'm going to mimic the sentiments given by another Dan S. reviewer in 2012.  I couldn't have said it better and agree 100%.  The account he gave about his experience is EXACTLY the same as the one I just had.  Sorry, Brooke, but your 5 stars is way overrated.  I've been to a lot nicer facilities than this (Anyone been to Lifetime Fitness in the Twin Cities?).  The only thing going for it is that, yes, it's a big building.   The only reason I had gone here was because a co-worker of mine gave me 2 of his Guest Passes.  Silly me for not reading the fine print.  The second time I went (1 week later), they made me pay $20 due to their 'policy' of using Guest Passes once in a calendar year.   What??????  I just don't get how you can attract potential customers/clients with such a rediculous rule.  That's HALF of what a monthly membership is. I've worked for a few health clubs over the years and guest passes were never as strict as the one at Princeton Club. I also went online after (to write them a scathing email) and found out that they have an offer to get a 7-day pass, but of course the manager NEVER even offered that up to me when I was shelling out my $20.  (Note:  You can only use the 7-day pass during certain hours during the day, mainly when sales staff are present).   Not to mention I had to wait 15 minutes for the manager to even come to the front desk. Literally, I was just standing there, while the girls behind the desk were saying hello to all of the members coming in.   The manager, who eventually graced me with his presence was Matt and it looked like he just graduated high school.  No hello.  No apologies for waiting.  Nothing.    Well, sorry, Matt.  You have a nice looking gym with a lot of glass, but I don't want any part of it.
1 I have been going here for a couple years. No more. They have had three breakins in the parking lot. It is clearly an unsafe neighborhood. The problem is no doubt worse during the nighttime. Enough is enough. Management seems unresponsive to providing security or surveillance.
3 This club has a nice selection of cardio and weight machines, which is really nice. I've never had a problem getting an elliptical or bike.   The class schedule is decent, but the teachers are all over the map. Some are great: able to keep regular attendees interested while making newcomers feel welcome and comfortable with the moves. Others are terrible, providing little instruction for beginners or having incredibly low energy. Timing of the classes is just ok. As a person who works 9-5, there are really only a few classes each day I could manage to attend and on a personal level, they aren't favorites of mine.  I desperately wish they would offer a yoga class or two! With the cost of membership at The Princeton Club, there's no way I could afford to pay for additional membership to a yoga place! I think yoga would really help round out their offerings.   I haven't had much experience with the pools or locker rooms, but they seem alright.   It is definitely an investment to work out here, and I'm not sure we'll continue our membership once ours expires. It's a great location for us, but I think we could get the same offerings for cheaper.
2 Tough to arrange a day-pass. Nice amenities but smaller on the inside than appears on the outside. Would not recommend to passers-through due to prohibitive day-pass cost.
