2 I used to like to go to O'Grady's.  They used to make a pretty good burger.  But over the last 3 years or so they've really slipped.  I used to take my pops into here and we used to get burgers and have a few beers, but I wouldn't take him here anymore.  I've tried to eat here about 4 times in the last 3 years (I keep going back because I really used to like it.)  The last two times I got a burger they were overcooked and not well seasoned.  The service was also poor and slow. I also used to like the Mozzarella sticks with pretzels on the breading, but the last few times I ordered them they were overcooked as well.     I went in once and 3/4 of the beer taps were not working.    At least they still have a decent bottled beer selections and some Irish beers on tap.  I'll go in for a beer late night or before a movie or something, but I don't think I'll be able to eat here again, which is sad.  I hope they turn it around.
4 Cheap drinks, Excellent bar Food, kinda divey but all around a nice place for the working stiff to relax. TV's for sports, patio for smokers, and lots of seating for the size of the place. To be honest, not much to describe this place but somehow you just gotta enjoy it.
4 I've always really enjoyed this place. Their fish fry is SO good and is "all you can eat."  So many places with a good fish fry in the Madison area have a super long wait on a Friday night.  I have never had to wait for a table at O'Grady's for longer than 10 minutes, and most of the time there's no wait at all.  Definitely give this place a try!
2 The only thing irish about this "irish pub" is they sever Guiness and have Jameson Whiskey. Otherwise there isn't anything irish on the menu and no irish ambiance at all. Boooring.
2 Stopped on a whim and was pretty sad I did. The atmosphere is nice, decent lunch crowd going. The spinach artichoke app was good and included carrots and celery which was nice. Looking to eat light we got a mandarin salad and a beef wrap. Neither were anything to write home about. Onion rings were winners as well as $2 screwdriver special.
2 Service was solid, and food was priced reasonably.  Spinach artichoke dip was tasty but that's where things went wrong. Mandarin chicken salad tasted funky, Mike's beef wrap was dry and strange. Not impressed by the food, but everything else was on par with what should be expected.  Bathrooms were clean though.
