5 I completely agree with the first poster. This is THE place for anyone who has a bit of a creative baking side- or wants to get ideas so they can pretend they're Martha Stewart. Or are looking for specific cookie cutter shapes, candy molds, cake garnishes, etc. They have an entire wall of cookie-cutter shapes that is my favorite! It's kind of a hidden gem in Madison- if you didn't grow up here, you might not have heard of it or know where it is, but it's definitely worth stopping by on your way to/from West Towne, just so you know what all they have here!
5 An awesome store and even better place to learn Wilton's techniques on cake and cupcake decorating. Suzanne is an excellent teacher and the store staff is very friendly and helpful. Whether you are a newby or an experienced baker this store has everything and if you have a question they definitely have the answer and will sell you the right product/tool/whatever it is you are looking for. GREAT STORE!
5 If you are looking for cake decorating and baking supplies this is where you need to go!!  Although their hours aren't great, they do have everything you would need to make an adorable birthday cake, Christmas cookies, and more! The selection of cookie cutters is the largest I've seen anywhere.    I've also taken a Wilton cake decorating class through them, and it was fabulous.  It was more work than I expected, but I learned a lot!
5 A fabulous local shop. It had been a number of years since I last visited Vanilla Bean, but I stopped in looking for a specialty cake item today. Sure enough, they had it! (A number of other stores didn't even know what I was talking about when I enquired!). Very reasonable prices for specialty baking items and a very great selection  - especially considering the size of the shop. Many items for cakes, cupcakes, candy making, half a wall of cookie cutters and supplies for making traditional Scandinavian desserts. Get thee to Vanilla Bean!
5 Oh my!  This place is impressive!  Everything you need for cake and cookie decorating except the cake and cookies.  I loved the big tubs of buttercream frosting.  Was able to purchase individual pastry decorating bags and tips.  The selection is incredible.
5 I've had my eagle eye out on local shops with a supa high fabulosity factor that'll really "wow" the foodies in my life this holiday, (there's a lot).  Vanilla Bean totes hits the spot. Even if your not an expert baker, they've got cooking gadgets and fun project ideas that everyone can enjoy.   I've always been intimidated about candy making, but the peeps at 'The Bean' (I'm calling it that now) are well read on candy, cake, decorating, general Martha Stewart-ness to help ya out the whole way.  They even have cake decorating and candy making classes. Check it!
4 The selection is incredible - I've yet to leave empty-handed, no matter how esoteric my search.  They cram an unbelievable amount of inventory into a very small space, so the layout of the store takes some getting used to.  Pricing is reasonable, slightly more than on-line sources, but a good value considering the expertise of the staff.  They also have a decent selection of kitchen gadgets, though not to the level of Orange Tree Imports or the Kitchen Gallery.  While the staff members are not over-the-top friendly, they are incredibly knowledgeable.  I also like the fact that they will let my daughter and I browse freely when we have the time to explore.  The store also offers a variety of baking and cake decorating classes for all skill levels.  Finding a parking spot in front of the store is a breeze, but navigating the congested Odana Road corridor to get to the store - not so much fun.  If you are in need of baking supplies, I encourage you to check out the Vanilla Bean.
