3 This is a standard chinese takeout place.  We had a wanton soup, sesame tofu, and chicken with string beans.  It was all pretty lousy.  I can't say that either of us was surprised.  Our experience with Madison chinese takeout places is basically very bad.    The only good part was that the lady taking our order was nice and chatty, and we both liked her.
4 Best Chinese Dish in Town, But Otherwise, Only Slightly Above Average Chinese Restaurant.  I've had Happy Wok's Double Cooked Chicken lunch dish at least 40 times in the past few years and hand down, it is the best Chinese dish in Madison.  It has extremely fresh green peppers, onions and carrots to go with lean, never grisly white meat chicken, all in a sweet, tangy, garlicy sauce that is terrific.   After falling hard for this excellent dish, the several other items I've had on their menu have been a bit of a letdown.  They are pretty good, but not great, pretty standard Chinese fare.  I've had the Hot Spicy Chicken,  the Kung Pao Chicken, and the Szechuan Chicken and they are pretty good, but not real distinct, with just average sauces.  The staff are very friendly.  The setting is sort of pleasant cafeteria, with hard plastic tables and chairs.  It's bright with a lot of windows, they have a decent HDTV, and it's always clean.  They have a drive through and their kitchen is quite quick - they'll have your meal ready in just a few minutes.    Overall, I recommend this restaurant and next time I may explore the menu a bit more and if I encounter anything that changes my mind, I'll update this review.
4 Cheap American-Style Chinese food. It's not gourmet, it's not the best in town, but it does hit a good price point, you get a good amount of food, and it tastes alright Good for lunch during the workday.   Get the steamed rice though, the fried rice is.... not that good.
3 Here's the 411 on Happy Wok West- Consistently good food and excellent value. My location of choice, if you will, is Happy Wok Southtowne, as I have been going there for 6 years. That location is simply more charming, and the couple who owns it are especially nice. Having said that, there is nothing wrong with this location, although the more I frequent this one, the more I realize that their customer service here is somewhat hit or miss. Sometimes you will get a pleasant young man, other times a surly young lady who clearly doesn't know how to smile or greet people at work. Happy Wok, take notes. Put the aces in their places!   The SouthTown location is an excellent choice for vegetarians, and anyone else with a dietary concern, as they will make it however you ask. This Wok, however, is not very helpful in that department. All the order takers here act annoyed when requests are made, and only sometimes do they follow thru, so do not be afraid to be very, very clear!    This location has a drive thru, which is a novelty, and, well, awesome. All in all, this is a solid location with a reputation for fresh food and good prices. They are consistently 3 stars behind the SouthTowne Happy Wok in customer service(which gets 5 stars), however, and, as much as I like this location, I have to recommend they be stricter with some of their workers. Only the friendly ones should be up front! Not smiling? Put 'em out of sight, guys!
