4 Front 9 plays like a links course.  The back nine is gimmicky and filled with target golf.  That said, this place offers good value for the golfer and GPS is complimentary.  Summers get pretty hot so be sure to hydrate up.
3 A fun course with the back nine much more enjoyable than the front.  There were only a few golfers out the day we played in the second week in October. It felt like a private course.  The desert is definately in play for sprayed shots.  The only downers were the greens which were slow and shaggy compared to other area courses.  I didn't like the fence that seemed to hug a few holes on the front nine.  The bunkers are a severe penalty and are best avoided with deep sand and steep faces.  I would go back when the greens are in better shape.
1 As an avid golfer, I play a lot of the courses in the Cave Creek area. I recently took my friend to Dove Valley to play golf for his birthday. It was a busy day and we got paired up with another twosome. The two guys we got paired up were from Canada and didn't have a good understanding of desert rules and they slowed us down a bit. That said, we never had the group behind us hitting up on us.   On the 11th hole, the Ranger started to push us and said we were 2 holes behind the group ahead of us. I spoke to the Canadians and asked them to just drop if they lost a ball to we could pick up the pace.  They agreed.   The Ranger continued to follow us and harass us for being too slow. Twice, he stood with us on our tee box and said he needed to move us along, yet never really told us what we needed to do?  He literally parked his cart in one of the fairways while we were teeing off! After the 14th hole, the Canadians were so angry that they dropped out and stopped playing. As my friend and I pulled up to 15, there was a foursome on the green so we couldn't tee off if we wanted too.    There are other nice courses in the area like Rancho Mañana and Legend Trail where the Rangers may respectfully ask you to pick up the pace but never treat golfers like we were treated at Dove Valley.
3 I liked the rustic course and the nice views.  It was too busy so we were able to golf at our leisure without anyone in front of us or behind us. I would golf here again.  The price was fair for what you get.
2 Course is in bad shape. Greens are dried out, dead spots and lines through them. Most of the greens were actually black...don't waste your time here.
