1 I learned my lesson not to use Budget.  I made a reservation with Amex services to later get a bait and switch upsell with an inaccurate quote.  Only rent from budget if you like getting a pressure upsell job at the counter.  Further, they later $25 charge for the administrative services to provide my contact information to the AZ robo camera nazis.  I suspect all the rental people charge for this.  However, they certainly didn't have to charge me.  Last, arrive at the airport early.  They only had one guy checking in dozens of cars in five lanes.  CHEAP...
3 Here's what you need to know.  The name of the company is Budget.  If you get a smoking deal on Priceline or any other website, you're going to have to wait.  Sure you could go over to Dollar or National where there is no line but you'll be paying almost 3xs what you would with Budget.  That said, my husband & I booked a car through priceline.  For 8 days we got an economy car for under $200.  That included taxes, fees and all that jazz.  When we got to the rental car facility there was a bit of a line.  We waited in line for about 45 minutes.  They did have a Budget employee that was monitoring the line and answering any questions people had.    We got to the counter and had our car within 5 minutes.  Sure the guy tried to upsell us on a Mustang but after we told him we weren't interested he dropped it.  I didn't feel any pressure to add anything else.  Originally they were going to give us a Kia Soul.  Ugh the hamster car!  The guy helped us out though.  We ended up with a 2 door Altima with no additional cost.  Drop off with the car was quick.  We were upstairs waiting for the shuttle to take us to the airport within 10 minutes of getting to the facility.
1 VW Beetle was listed as the vehicle available when I requested online. The vehicle received was a Kia Soul. From the first time openeing the door it smelled like chinese food. For 5 days.
1 An absolute nightmare! The wait is excessive (almost an hour), staff is curt, slow and non-caring. One of the worst rental car experiences ever! I recommend renting from ANYONE other than Budget in Phoenix.
