2 Holy inconsistencies, Batman. I had tried Chang Jiang a couple years ago, and was not at all pleased. A couple weeks ago, my brother convinced me to order from CJ. I tried the sesame chicken, and it was delicious. The downside: it took almost two hours to arrive. They had forgotten our order, and only realized it after we called them back after 90 minutes. Apparently their other location was closed for the night, so they were handling all orders out of one restaurant. Unfortunate, but since it was so tasty and a weird circumstance, I overlooked it.  Tonight, Christmas Eve, I decided to give them another go. They have a $15 minimum delivery, so I ordered two entrees figuring it'd make me plenty of tasty meals over the holiday weekend when nothing else is open. I ordered the sesame chicken again, and an order of lemon chicken. The food arrived in 30 minutes, but unfortunately it was...  Barf city.   While the sesame chicken last time consisted of tasty chunks of white meat that kept their crispy coating despite soaking in sauce, this time it was especially fatty dark meat that was hard to cut and had a very displeasing mouth feel. I had expected the lemon chicken to be similar to the sesame chicken or sweet and sour chicken - battered chunks with a gooey sauce. Instead it was a chicken breast pounded flat and breaded with crumbs. The sauce was served on the side, and that's a good thing: it was so lemony and watery it seemed fake. It felt more like I was adding a dose of Lysol to my meal than a burst of citrus goodness. The chicken itself was okay, but really was no better than a cheap patty and not at all what I think of when considering Chinese takeout.   If I knew I'd be getting the same delicious batch of food I got a couple weeks ago, I'd go back to Chang Jiang for sure. However, tonight's failure ($22 with tax and tip down the drain - hopefully I can get someone to eat the leftovers so it's not a total waste) will probably prevent me from ordering there again.
3 It's your standard american chinese food place, and they deliver. I like the food at Dragon City better, especially the chicken dishes, but this place delivers and they don't.
3 Good but not as good as the Raymond Road location.
1 We eat here every once and a great while and while the food is edible, I've had better.  But what prompted me to write a review is my experience last night.  I recently went vegan and ordered the bean curd szechuan style.  What I got wasn't bean curd (or regular tofu) but silken tofu instead (which is great for blending in smoothies or as an egg replacement in baked goods, but kind of tastes like snot on its own).  Eww.  It came with peas and carrots (most likely a frozen mix since the carrots were so consistent) and a ton of sauce.  Not to mention we waited close to 90 minutes for delivery at 7pm on a Sunday.
3 Call in your order ahead of time if you don't want to wait. For take-out, they certainly take their sweet time.   I had no issues with the kung pao chicken I ordered. In fact, I was pleasantly surprised by the freshness of the vegetable ingredients (green bell peppers and celery), and I liked that the chicken was finely diced. I didn't mind the overload of peanuts either.   They are a little pricey for a mediocre take-out restaurant. For the quantity and quality of the food, I was appalled to find that an order of kung pao and general tso's came out to be $16.  Plus, the food is about as Americanized as you can get. Thus the 3 stars.
3 Nothing to go out of your way to get, but not bad if you're in a pinch. On my last visit I ordered the Hunan chicken, rated spicy but won't make you break a sweat. The veggies were colorful and seemed fresh. The chicken was white meat, not chewy and cooked just right. The sauce was salty like you'd expect at a hole-in-the-wall Chinese place, but not congealed. The fried rice was fine -- I've had much greasier -- but the egg rolls leave something to be desired. They seemed a little dry and lacked flavor. I was the only person in the restaurant and waited 5 minutes for them to finish my order while a couple other people came in to pick up their takeout. Decent place to grab some Chinese takeout when you're unprepared for dinner and sick of burgers or pizza, with service much faster than the location closer to home in Verona.
3 The staples are good (general Tso's, crab Rangoon).  Good for a once-a-month treat.  It's close to home so I go here.  Never had a bad experience.  Pickup orders are ready in 10 minutes, can't beat that.
2 Ordered 2 items for my husband and myself over the phone. They didn't take his name or phone number etc. When he arrived 15 mins later the food wasn't ready, our order was no where to be found (shocker).   The food was ok I guess.  We've decided to find another place to go instead.
3 As far as your Americanized Chinese food goes (by that I mean the neon colored fried meat and rice coated in sweet sauce), this hits the spot. At lunch the specials are incredibly cheap and contain very generous portions for what they charge. Meats are pretty good-- they don't contain any giant gristle pieces or raw bits, instead they seem to use pretty good quality meat and the sauces are very tasty. Not quite authentic, but for Chinese takeout food, this may be my favorite in Madison.
2 The veggie fried rice is tasty but the orange chicken wasn't nice and chewy. It was hard and crusty. We ate in and my mom asked for a plate, the lady behind the counter have her a styrofoam plate instead of a nice glass one. All the silverware were plastic and it wasn't nice at all to eat it. We ordered over the phone and that lady couldn't understand our order even just the simple name she struggled with. It was exhausting. when we finally got our order in she didn't even ask for our name or number. I would only go back for the fried rice. Overall not a nice place.
1 The food is so bad. I tried 2 times with 2 different dishes, and couldn't finish either time :(
3 Overall a decent chinese restaurant. Service is quick and always ready in 10-15 minutes. One caveat to all of this is: AVOID THE SWEET AND SOUR SAUCE. It is a total let down. As an alternative may I suggest the Hunan chicken (not as spicy as you'd think), the General Tso's (also not as spicy, but spicy enough for me), or the Crab Rangoon (don't even think about reheating them - they must be consumed in one sitting).   One more thing to avoid - the low mein. It's a bit flavorless and limp. I keep trying it, hoping I just got a bad batch, but no such luck.
