4 Located in the basement of the Chase Building, this florist shop is definitely one of the best florists that service the Phoenix downtown area.   Their bouquets are gorgeous and range from classic,exotic to contemporary.  Great service and Judy, the owner, takes care of any of your needs including any personal touches that you'd like to add to your order.  Only reason why I knock a star is that I wish that they had more of a selection of fresh flowers for people who just want to buy flowers on a whim.
1 I just received a delivery of flowers from here. The petals are falling off the daisies  and the other flowers are half dead. Some have brown curling tips. Two flowers have no petals at all.  It looks at least 5 days old. I tried calling the florist and got a message that the mailbox was full. You may get fresh flowers in the shop but, delivery flowers are old. Changing to 4 stars for customer service. I called again and spoke to Judy. A new bouquet was send and the old one taken.   Changing back to one star. The "new" bouquet was just as old and will have to be thrown out today. Flowers from a florist should last up to a week and sometimes longer if you change the water every day and trim the ends every second day.
5 I needed flowers for my wife on Valentine's Day and had no idea what to get.  I went in and said this is my budget, what have you got.  What I got was an amazing set of flowers that wowed her and everyone else in her work when I showed up with them.
5 I have gotten flowers from there a few times, and every time the service has been awesome and the arrangements look great.
1 My advice for future purchases is do not buy something online because it will not look anything like the picture shown. I hate to give them 1 star but I was not satisfied what so ever with the purchase I had made. I also upgraded the bouquet $10 hoping they would add more flowers. Instead I got more greens and less flowers. I paid $80 total for something totally different than what I picked online with less flowers. Picture posted to give you an idea.
5 Cute shop and beautiful flowers. Went in on my lunch and asked for something to be made up for my boss. They had the prettiest arrangement ready for me when I got back from getting something to eat in the cafe.  Had to take a pic and share. P.S. My boss LOVED it!
