2 I bike a lot - and I mean a lot.  I also run and swim a lot.  I've got a Trek bike (and a few other non-Treks), so I was pleased to find a "factory" store so close to my house.    I wandered in not for a bike, but for some accessories (clothing and a recovery supplement).  The store is big, open, well lit, and airy.  It feels comfortable - not really like a bike shop, but more like a modern coffee shop.    And that's about the end of the positive experience.  I found it very difficult to find things - I was immediately drawn to a rack of jerseys that were marked as 50% off.  I went to look for some bib shorts and discovered that I was actually shopping in the women's section... it wasn't real clear at first.  So I walked over to the men's side and browsed the clothing.  Didn't find anything in my size (there were tons of XXLs and Smalls, but not much else)... I asked one of the employees if they had any Optygen (a recovery supplement) and I got a blank stare.  I coaxed an answer by saying, "EFS says that this is the only authorized Madison retailer for Optygen - I called them and verified on their website that you guys are 'it' in Madison."  The kid said, "Um, I don't think we have that - we do have some Hammer Gel or Clif Blocks, though."    Energy gels aren't the same as a recovery supplement... so I asked, "Can you show me where the supplements are?"  Again, I got a blank stare, and then we walked over by the water bottle display which also had some recovery mixes and energy gels.  No dice - no EFS products.  We talked a bit about the EFS stuff and eventually another guy came over and said he could probably order it, but that the store hadn't carried any EFS for "a really long time."  Ok - that's cool.  I'll order it from Amazon, use my Prime shipping and have it tomorrow...  On a whim, I called the Endurance House to see if they had EFS.  They didn't, but offered to have it ordered and in the store by the next day.  I took them up on the offer, and sure enough - they had it the next day.    I'm sure the Trek store is great for buying a bike; I didn't have a great non-bike experience, though.  I'll go back to check their clothing at some point and will hope they have a better selection of sizes.
4 Went in looking for my first pair of clipless pedals and shoes. I did some research about basic terms and styles but still wasn't comfortable picking out my own yet without some help. I usually despise having to get help from sales people, especially when buying shoes - they always seem like I'm wasting their time by not taking the first pair.  I was hesitant to go into the Trek store, assuming because of the brand name, they'd be a higher end, higher priced route. But after checking out prices at Erik's, and getting annoyed by literally EVERY employee asking if I needed help when I told them I was just browsing, I decided to try the Trek store.  The employee that helped me, Geo, was very helpful, and wasn't pushy at all. I told him my price range and what I knew and what I didn't, and he helped me decide. He recommended items according to how and how often I ride, and really, in the end, let me decide. He even installed the cleat for me, while showing me how to adjust it so I could do it on my own, and described how to install the pedal to my bike, but explained that they can do it in the store if I wanted help. I left feeling completely confident in my purchase, and even spent $50 less than what I had budgeted.
5 I had the store mechanics put some aero brakes, brake levers, and new cables on my tri bike. I was super, super picky about the cable routing and everything else and they did a tremendous job.
4 I recently was in search of a new bike and hit up Eric's Bike Shop and this Trek location. I don't know much about bikes, as I am new to the hobby, and I told the staff member (Blake) that I was interested in a bike for recreational rides as well as commuting to/from work. He gave me tons of background information, pros & cons about each bike, and recommendations without going over my head. He was very helpful.  After sleeping on the decision, I decided to head back and test ride a few bikes and was again very satisfied with the customer service. All of my questions were answered and I wasn't made to feel stupid despite my lack of bike knowledge.
