3 It's pretty expensive considering the food is just ok. There's a great lack of...flavor in everything.  I've ordered from here several times, each time getting something different off the menu. It's close by and I was too lazy to go through the yellow pages to find a new place.   But yeah, just not worth the prices in the end.  I'd rather just walk to Walgreens and pick something up. :p
4 Very good customer service. My favorite is the Thai pie pizza, it is sooo good!!!!!!! Will definitely keep ordering their pizzas.
4 Ordered from Glass NIckel and it was "good" pizza.  Although we had some problems with the online ordering sending out order to a different location then we wanted and then not letting us order again that was taken care of by a good ol phone call.  BONUS:  they let us use the online ordering coupon over the phone.  The pizza was better than most places in Madison with delicious toppings (lots of them and tasty) but still not on par with the down home mom & pop pizza parlors I have been to.  But Glass Nickel, for what it is, did not let me down.    SIDE NOTE:  My wife LOVED the pizza.
3 I love the selection the delivery menu has to offer.  I just ordered mac and cheese bites, pub chips, a sandwich and some ravioli.  Everything was delivered within a half hour and was warm.  The apps were really good, the sandwich was ok, and so was the ravioli.  Maybe next time I should just stick to pizza instead of branching out.  Prices were a little steep but otherwise a good experience.
3 Glass Nickel subscribes to the CPK pizza philosophy.  More is more. Personally, I believe pizza can be delicious by itself, and not simply a vessel for toppings. But I have to admit, Glass Nickel's creations are pretty tasty. Ultimately, I would give Glass Nickel 3.5 stars, but I rounded down because the pies are a bit too expensive.
2 Ordered chicken wings (small) & a Garden salad, took them over an hr & 10 minutes to deliver. Then when the delivery guy carelessly handed me the food, it almost fell to the floor & he expected a tip. The food was ok, not worth the wait. Would not recommend this place.
4 Love the pizza, especially the Fetalicious.  It is somewhat expensive pizza, but is very tasty pizza.
3 The Glass Nickel seems to be one of the more common pizza places around here, in that if I were going to a friend's place and they were getting pizza, I'd probably guess that they were getting it from the Glass Nickel.  I'd say it's slightly better than your average Madison pizza.  But, the average Madison pizza isn't particularly good in my opinion.  There are a couple pizzas from Glass Nickel that are pretty good.  The Santa Fe is my favorite.  Barbeque sauce, onion, cilantro... if you like cilantro, definitely worth trying.  Chicken alfredo is another one that's worth trying.  But overall, I can't get excited about it.  Their "traditional" topping pizzas aren't as good as some of their more unusual ones, and a lot of the time that I'm getting a pizza, I want a traditional topping pizza.  I almost always end up getting something else for dinner when I think about ordering a Glass Nickel pizza.
2 Someone needs to do some serious phone training at this location.I've ordered from here before, but they were never a staple for me. But my roommate was recently diagnosed with a gluten intolerance, and they prominently advertised a gluten-free crust option, so we started ordering from here instead of our preferred (pricier) pizza place.  Order #1: Took me 5 minutes to explain to the person taking my order over the phone that I wanted sausage added to a base special pizza. Really not that complicated. An hour and fifteen minutes pass, no pizza. Tried to call and inquire. Was immediately placed on hold and left there for 5 minutes. Hung up. Called back. Refused to let them immediately place them on hold (much to the person taking my call's surprise) and managed to ask my 15-second question. (I wanted to verify that the order had gone through, given the uncertainty level of the person who took it.)  Order #2: Placed online. Ordering system doesn't tell you an estimated timeframe of when your pizza will be ready for pickup. Called to ask. Was immediately placed on hold and left there for 3 minutes. Hung up. Called back. This time was actually allowed to talk to a human and ask my 5-second question. Went to pick up my pizza and watched them place someone else on hold indefinitely as we left even though no one was in line behind us.  I know this is a nitpick, but it really is atrocious from a service standpoint, and guys, this ISN'T HARD. If you have a customer in front of you, put the caller on hold, and then help them before you take the next customer. If you're too slammed to do that, at least pick up the phone between customers and let the person you've put on hold indefinitely know that you haven't forgotten about them and someone will be with them shortly. This is sort of Retail Phone Service 101.  The pizza is fine. It's nothing spectacular, but it's good. Some of the toppings are interesting but overall it's good Basic Utility Pizza, the kind of thing you order if you're having a party and want something nicer than Pizza Hut. I like the calzones because they're the size of my head and last two meals easily, but they do usually arrive still cold in the middle. Overall, it's pretty underwhelming, and certainly not worth braving godawful service for. I might still snag a calzone every so often, but the phone manner the last few times had me googling whether our favorite place DID have gluten free crust after all, and lo and behold they do, so our actual pizza orders are headed right back to Roman Candle where they apparently should've just stayed.
4 Excellent pizza with varied selections from traditional, new takes on old ideas to gluten-free choices...great service. Take out recommended.
3 20 minutes late with an order I put in almost 2 hours ago.  Staff are very nice and gave me a coupon for $5 off next visit.  This is a common problem with them, so you need to pad whatever time they tell you by 20-30 min.  If you need pizza in a hurry for guests, better off with Pizza Hut or other chain
1 The only positive thing about Glass Nickel is that they're open late. The quality is horrible compared to what they charge. They have yet to get one of my orders correct (simple things like extra side of marinara and I get ranch) and when I call about it they don't even seem to care. I'm officially done from ordering from them and I don't recommend them to anyone
5 So many great choices at this place, it's sometimes a hard decision when ordering but my favorite is La Fiesta pizza. It has such a fun mix of flavors
