3 Oh, I thought this place was called Pho 43.  This is your typical hole in the wall kind of place but they serve up some really good Pho bowls.  It seems very family-oriented ran.  Spacing Inside and Parking is somewhat limited. Fast service.  I would go back.
2 After my friend took me to a pho restaurant in Mesa, I was wanted to find a place closer to where I live.  Their pho at 43rd express was ok, but they didn't have tofu pho for veg heads or a variety of teas. Oh, and a heads up, it's cash only!
5 Amazing food!!
5 they only accept cash!! I took a peek at the menu, then had to run out ot my car to collect the quarters from the ash tray LOL (I wanted to make sure I could leave a 20% tip!)  We came for lunch about 2 weeks ago. Ben had the tendon and flank steak pho and I had the brisket and flank steak. Both really good and really cheap at about $5 each. They did serve lemon instead of lime and only gave us one wedge (I love extra lime in my pho!) I won;t complain too much though because I also did not ask for extra... We also ordered the spring rolls which were good.  The last few Vietnamese places I've been to have all been good and basically the same (you can read my other reviews), but then again-I always order the same thing at each place and don' t really stray from my norm :)
5 The saying "don't judge a book by its cover" works both ways. A beautifuly decorated, squeaky clean establishment located in the most upscale and "safe" area... doesn't always equal great food. I live in chandler but being a true Vietnamese, I will make the drive to this place for a taste of home. The rich flavorful pho itself is what I crave for most and they never disappoint. If you're the type that eats with your eyes and needs to break the piggy just for a meal to feel like what you ate was good then by all means come to chandler for your viet food fix. For those who truly know and appreciate what Vietnamese food should taste like in any environment...I highly recommend this mom/pop joint.
5 By far the best pho joint in phoenix.  all those new pho restaurants over in mesa and chandler..yea is waay nice looking but the food cant compare...and can't beat $5 bowls of pho either.  there #46 is really great here also
5 This is a hole in the wall restaurant, but has the best pho in Phoenix! No other place compares- Loves it! :) The staff is friendly and the avocado smoothie is yum!!!
4 I don't know what I was thinking driving all the way to Pho Thanh after reading a few great reviews on Yelp. 43rd Express definitely has far superior Pho. Broth was flavorful and not oily like Thanh. $5 for a bowl of Pho? What a steal! The egg rolls were a bit too oily for my taste but the spring rolls were pretty good. Service was not up to par though. When I walked in I was warmly greeted and server was attentive upon taking my order, but I was disappointed once I got my meal. I'm not sure if this is a common thing in Vietnamese restaurants because everyone I've been to I've experience similar service, but once my meal was brought to my table the service pretty much went out the door. It's difficult to even get their attention. They just retrieve to behind the cash register or are more preoccupied with welcoming new customers. Not the nicest location either and they only take cash, but I don't really mind given that it's some of the best Pho I've had.
5 I've been going here since I was a toddler...literally. My first experience at Pho 43 Express was when I still needed a booster seat. I would probably say I was probably 4 at the time.   This is hands down...THE BEST PHO restaurant in Phoenix!. Period. It may be located in a not-so-pristine location, but if you're looking for a luxurious Vietnamese restaurant...then this isn't the place for you. Usually upscale Vietnamese restaurants in AZ feature the all-special...Americanized, bland, boring pho.  I can honestly say that I've never had a "bad" pho experience here. I'm sorry, but I haven't tried any of their other dishes, because I'm so addicted to the pho.  Be adventurous, try something else on the menu and let me know what you think. As for me, when I need a good pho fix...this is ALWAYS my go-to. :)
2 It's been almost a year since there was a review about this place.   I thought this place was pretty affordable and cheap compared to other Pho places here in AZ. Large portions too.   I had their #15 Pho, meatballs and sliced beef. The broth tasted like chicken or like those Pho broths from the can you can buy at Asian supermarkets. I pretty much drowned it with hoisen and chili sauce just to make it almost taste like the Pho most people know. The bean sprouts they gave us were kind of dry and still had the "little brown roots" on the end. Never saw that before in a restaurant. The meat didn't look too fresh either.  The restaurant is on the small side, but is spacious. I found the Boss Lady sitting at one of the back tables facing the whole dining area a little creepy. Their waitress looked like she just woke up and rolled out of bed! Lol. Omg, a minute into having our food served, I heard someone clipping their nails! I was tempted to look around but I was afraid I would totally lose my appetite. Gross. Do that at home. Not at your restaurant.   I'm not so sure if I would go back. I probably only will if I was really really REALLY craving for some Pho, and it's the only one near my work.   They are closed on Tuesdays and is Cash Only.
5 Want a rice plate? A noodle dish? Eggrolls? or maybe one of the greatest bowls of Pho in Arizona? then head over to Pho43rd .. they have a straight forward menu which is great for lunch, especially for people like me that will read EVERYTHING and take forever to decide.. what i like about this place is the "express" it is fast because they have a select menu, that does not mean they have a limited menu, the food is amazing, and they chose the dishes that pretty much maximize flavor and timeliness.  I am not saying do not go for dinner, because you will be satisfied then too.  Oh, and if you savor great coffee like i do, when you order your iced coffee, ask for it in a to go cup =)
3 Look this is not the best place in town for Pho - but at some point beggars can't be choosers.  Were this on Camelback and 15th Ave I might give this place a lower rating - but if you work in the industrial part of Buckeye (as I often do) and you want something other than chain fast food, mexican, this is a pretty decent option.   Decent Pho, decent egg rolls, decent smiling service.
4 This place is great and very affordable.   Pho tastes great. Bun Bo hue tastes even better.  You get 4 huge eggrolls here as 3 huge spring rolls. Basically the portions here for the price are awesome.   I usually get a pork plate and a over easy egg on top. I believe it's only $5.99 also.   Bring cash and your appetite.
4 Tried this place on a whim, at my cousin's recommendation. The pho is actually pretty good, like the vietnamese version of "soul food." Really salty but really filling. The atmosphere could use a touch, and they could use a soda fountain. Way cheap, and staff are very personable.
5 Are you the type of person who likes to explore new places? A true adventurer by definition? Have I got a hot one for you; 43rd Express, aka; 'Pho 43rd'.  Owned by the same Vietnamese family for over twenty years, Pho 43rd, despite its dive-like ambiance both inside and out, is truly a charm.  The pho is above average and served with all the accoutrements; bean sprouts, Vietnamese basil, and jalapenos.  Try the beef, tripe and tendon pho, asking them to conspicuously leave out the tendon and tripe. (I never said I was an adventurer, I only asked if you were) It's delicious.  Their sauces are a delight, featuring a traditional siracha, their own chili paste, and a delicious homemade hoisin sauce.  Spring rolls were light and wonderfully tasty. A strong recommend.  The service is fast and very friendly. Upon leaving, the owner introduced himself and gave us a brief history of the restaurant:  -How he and his brother worked in the kitchen since they were small children. -How the family has owned the restaurant for over twenty years, surviving the great recession.  -How mom is now retired, passing on the family business to her sons.   His story was impressive. One that makes anyone not familiar with the restaurant industry know just how difficult it is to succeed in this type of business, with all the hard work and sacrifice. Pho 43rd ceased to be a dive at that point, embodying the true spirit of capitalism and the American dream.  I left, feeling both satiated, and proud of David (owner) and his family for what they've accomplished.  If you're disinclined to visit a place like this based on its location and outward appearance, you'll be missing out.   IMPORTANT NOTE: THEY ONLY ACCEPT CASH.
3 Super generous portion and plate of sprouts etc. Place is very affordable. Lunch specials are great at $5. The place is really good as well. I order the pho and a vermicelli dish. The pho had very little meat two pieces of meatball and three pieces of the thin steak. On the other hand the vermicelli dish had a normal amount of meat and so did my rice plate. I got a to go order of egg noodles and the cashier gave me the wrong order and by the time I checked I was at home! A little disappointed but the waiter and staff are prompt. The place is a little dirty and far for me. There was lots of parking and I got to use an amazon deal, don't know if I will come back a little far, I'll still stick with Pho Doung for sure and near me!
4 Delish! I will be back and it's only 5 min away!!! Bun Bo Hue was very tasty but... I'm from the bay area and they are missing a few key ingredients =(
4 The Spring Rolls are a definite must have!  As for the noodle salad it was flavor-able but mainly noodles and greens.  I would love to go back for the soup which is what they specialize in.  I wasn't impressed with the pork, it was too dry for my taste.  If your in this neighborhood and looking for a new spot.....give'em a chance.  REMEMBER to bring your cash.....cash only!
5 Delicious Vietnamese cuisine! Their pho soup is very tasty and flavorful! I only eat at this restaurant for pho and bun bo hue!
4 Good place for spring rolls.  No doubt.
5 This place is great. It's so hard getting a decent authentic Asian meal in West Phoenix but this place sure does make it way easier. Me clearly fitting the stereotype of a rebellious teenager, I ditched my study group and decided to stop by this joint. I live 2 minutes away from this place and I'd passed by several times paying no attention to it, partly the placement of the location was very odd (in between a daycare and a Mexican Market). This place just kept bugging me. Eventually, I decided to Google it to see whether it was legit or not. After reading several reviews I was convinced; I NEED TO TRY THIS PLACE OUT. I literally walked into the place and asked "hey, I'm new to this place, what do you recommend?" The owner (didn't catch his name, unfortunately) instantly gave me options; his best recommendation was the pho. I had never eaten pho so I immediately ordered it. I soon took a seat and was handed some water. In what seemed no time at all, my food was served. The actual pho plate was huge and kind of intimidating; it was accompanied by basil, beansprouts, and lemon slices on a separate dish. The owner gave me a quick rundown on how to eat pho. He explained the sauces and how to break up the noodles at the bottom of the place and just the basics. The food is amazing. The beef in this dish was delicious, noodles were perfect, and the addition of the sweet sauce made this experience one I'll never forget. At first, due to my horrible hand-eye coordination, eating the noodles was a bit tough but as soon as I got a hang of it, I couldn't get enough. Surprisingly, I was expecting the check to be around $15, but it was only $6. This place is totally affordable. There is no excuse for someone not to stop by. I definitely recommend and encourage anyone in the area to try this out! Its the best Asian food I've had. I've eaten at other Asian places (ie. Kabuki at Tempe Marketplace) and though their food is also good, their hospitality isn't. Not only does Pho 43 Express have great food, but also polite, patient, and understanding staff. Thank you so much for allowing me the pleasure of eating here. I plan on stopping by again soon.
4 Pretty good, a bit dirty and it definitely needs a new coat of paint on the front, but the food tasted fresh and the staff was very friendly. I'll go back when I'm craving Vietnamese in this area.
5 If you are in the Phx area and need some good Vietnamese food this is the only place to go.  It's delicious every time!  You can never go wrong with the pho and some spring rolls.
5 Great little place. Homey and yummy. Not fancy but really tasty and the friendly staff really wanted to make this beginner to Vietnamese food into a convert.
5 Looks rough on the outside and walking inside doesn't make you feel much better. But trust me this place is AMAZING. Family run restaurant and you can taste the love in the food. Pho is great. And treat yourself to a cup of the Vietnamese coffee. Truly a diamond in the rough.
5 Best Pho in AZ! Great prices, Food comes out fast, staff is friendly and attentive to needs. Would highly recommend Pho 43rd Express. I would also recommend trying the French macaroons that they sell on the weekends.. Best ones I've had since moving here to AZ.
5 Before moving up North, I used to come all the time to this place because my family knew the owners and it used to be near my ex-hairstylist. This is where I realized my intense, borderline dangerous love/addiction for Vietnamese deep fried egg rolls. After eating here, no other place could rival 43rd Express. My family and I always got the same things: pho, egg rolls and spring rolls, and a good ol'  rice dish with pork. I remember how I would just stare at the broth that came with the pho, mesmerized by the big and fatty bubbles that appeared next to the thinly sliced beef and beansprouts floating in all of it's glory. I used to drink that stuff up, as unhealthy as I now realize it to be but I believe that we all need to live on the edge every now and then. Big portions, small prices. Unfortunately, my family switched hairstylists and it just so happened to be conveniently next to Da Vang which is where we go to get our fix now because 43 Express is out of the way. Something about hairstylists within a pho vicinity seems to be a reoccurring pattern for us.   Yes, I agree, this ain't no glamorous place. I remember the occasional annoying fly in the restaurant, the non-existent Asian service, how we always had to wash our chopsticks and spoons in water at the table before we ate, and the mis-matching decor but honestly, the crappier the service/decor inside an Asian restaurant, the better it always tends to be anyways. Hey, no one said we were a perfect race.   Get takeout if you're that picky about interior, but technically, if you already decided to make the trek to this sketchy part of Phoenix, might as well just dine there. If you're used to Da Vang, change it up and try this place out if you don't mind the distance!
4 This restaurant looks like it's been there forever, in a neighborhood that's not too pretty. But the food is great, the service is fast and friendly, and the prices are low. I had my usual favorites for trying out Vietnamese restaurants: pho wth rare beef and brisket, and banh xeo. Both came in generous portions. The pho was aromatic and very tasty, and the banh xeo was crispy and bursting with beansprouts, pork, and shrimp. Definitely a place for return visits.
5 im a truck driver and I travel around the country... i've eaten PHO in a lot a places and I can say this is one of the best.
4 Been going here since 2000 and it was the very first Pho place I went to I never had an issue the Pho is great and there are always ppl but I nvr had and issue with seating. When ever friends or family visit I take them here. Highly recommend to anyone.
4 This is a local favorite of mine. I am a frequent visitor here.  I really enjoy the Guys, David & Mike, & gals that run the family business.   I am a Pho-natic! The Pho broth is very good, one the best tasting of many of the Pho restaurants I have visited in Phoenix Metro.   The restaurant is very unassuming and not fancy at all. I believe is was a Taco Bell from days gone by.  The family works together to make the restaurant work. The food is fresh and very good.  They are great at recommendations or explaining items to you if you need a bit of help. Take the opportunity to ask questions, step out of the box and try something new. I go there to get my Pho fix.  They also have great espresso they import by way of California, it is very good.  They make a great Viet Coffee with it. They appreciate loyal customers who appreciate their small family business.   Give this place a shot, you will enjoy it.
5 Yummiest Pho ever! I've tried alot of places closer to work, to my house, etc. But nothing compares to 43rd. I'll go from my office to here to pick up dinner no problem. So worth it.  Everyone is so friendly and the prices are uncomparable for the quality and the flavor. Now the flavor. There is just something special about this broth. I could eat it alone without adding any if the hoisin or chile they provide to you. Not one single place I've gone to can touch their broth.  And the crèpes! Crispy and FILLED with tasty stuff inside. I can't remember seeing banh mi in the menu.  Would love love love if they would make and offer that too.  :)
5 When you want good pho, this is the ultimate spot. The broth is perfect and they top the right amount of noodles and meat.   My personal favorite dish is the lemon grass chicken and the homemade fresh soybean milk.
4 43rd Express is the definition of a hole in the wall place. The outside looks less appealing, the inside even less, but then the food comes out and you are oh so glad to be there. We ordered the steak pho and a pork dish that came with the broken rice, a sunny side up egg, and something else we couldn't really identify. It tasted a little fishy... not sure what it was, I wasn't a fan, but my husband seemed to enjoy it.   The pho broth was very flavorful and came with fresh basil and bean sprouts. The portion was more than enough and prices where very reasonable.   Don't forget to check in and get your free drink. I ordered the fresh orange juice, which in fact was fresh with pulp and seed. My husband got the fresh lemonade, which was very tasty as well.
5 I really like the food here. But I also like the staff they're really attentive and everybody has a great attitude. I've only been here once so far but I know I will certainly be back.
4 Small, hole in the wall/mom-pop type of restaurant.  Very tasty broth and meat for their pho.  Good portion sizes.  Very reasonable prices and friendly service.  Simple menu, but contains items like Vietnamese crepes (Banh Xeo).  They do take credit cards now and they have lunch specials as well.  I would recommend this place!
5 Great good & really good service. Great prices. A simple menu, but all you need. A welcome variety in the neighborhood. Lots of native Vietnamese; so that's a good sign . Close to work, so will return again & again.
5 I would send friends here and will come back soon enough. In fact I would drive out of my way to come here for their pho broth. Homemade beef broth with no bouillon!!! First time having shrimp in my Pho. It's not fancy decor, but who needs fancy when you have delicious!
3 Came here for lunch w/ the family. We ordered cha gio which was alright. It tasted kinda bland so I dipped it in the fish sauce that was accompanied with it. Yeah bad mistake since the sauce taste like it came straight from the fish sauce bottle. The hubby ordered the broken rice with bbq pork, steamed eggs, and shredded pork. He didn't like it at all but ate it anyways since he was hungry. He doesn't usually order stuff like that so that's the only reason why he didn't like it. I ordered the pho tai bo bien. The broth smelled aromatic the way that pho should smell like with all the spices and herbs mixed together but it was maybe a little bit too much since that was all I tasted. I couldn't taste the beef flavor at all. Overall it smelled wonderful but it could have had a better balance in flavors. The bean sprouts, limes, and basils that came with it wasn't too fresh. The lime was brown around the edges where it was cut and the basil was kinda wilted. I gave this place three stars because the service was great and you get a free drink for checking in with yelp. Would I come back? Not likely.
5 My sister and I wanted to find a new place to have pho rather than our usual places we go to, so we decided to take a chance on 43rd Express. I'm so glad we did. It looked pretty rundown on the outside of the restaurant but the food was delicious and very reasonably priced. We tried the vermicelli bowl with BBQ pork & egg rolls. It was so good! We also tried some beef pho & spring rolls which were also very tasty. Overall it was a pleasant experience and I can't wait to go back. I saw that they sell macaron ice cream sandwiches so I definitely want to go back to try one! They look amazing.
5 Wahhhhhhhhh!!!! I found the da vang near Laveen! OKAY before you bash my review, that was a compliment!!!  Every pho places I have been to, are lower standards than DA VANG superior food flavor. Let me say that this place surpasses that and it's has that da vang flavor too in some of their food:)  This just became my number 1 pho place!!!
5 We love this place. Phenomenal family ran restaurant. It's been there for probably 25 years. Bin Xio is one of my favorites, my husband loves the spring rolls and the salty plum soda. The Vietnamese Iced Latte is better than any Starshmucks.
4 This place has some tasty pho, although sometimes it isn't as good as other times, it usually has good flavor. The bbq chicken and rice is also really good, not to mention the yummy homemade macarons they sell on the weekends.
