5 We have a home warranty through American Home Shield. They dispatched Smokey's Garage Door without giving us a choice. After reading the online reviews, I was a little nervous, but was ultimately happy with their service.   Our garage door jammed on Sunday morning. Of course, you can't get anyone out till Monday unless you want to pay a premium, so we managed to get the door down so we could wait. Smokey's called me Monday morning to set up a repair-time window. When I told them I was at work and needed a 30 minute advance call, they said no problem.   A couple of hours later, their guy called me and said he was 30 minutes out and when I got home, he was already waiting. He fixed the door in a little over an hour and I paid only the home warranty service call fee of $60. The service tech was very polite and friendly. The door is now working better than before, running quietly and without all the vibration. As long as it keeps working like this, I will have to say I am happy with Smokey's repair.
5 Excellent service. Very efficient taking my call and gave me a two hour window of when they would be on site. Notified me 15 minutes prior to arriving and were finished my repairs within 30 minutes. Service tech was very professional and inspected my other door free of charge.
4 I am usually not happy with AHS. But in this case, they referred Smokey Garage Doors and I was very satisfied. Joshua showed up on time, was very knowledge, professional, responsive and easy-to-work with. I would highly recommend them.
1 The son of the owner, Austin, came to my house when my mother was there wating for him and was EXTREMELY rude to her. Now my mother is a 76 year old, kind hearted gentle woman who was doing me a favor by waiting at the house for 4 hours for this company to show up and repair my garage. However Austin took advanatge of her gentle nature by insulting her and being rude from the start. When she mentioned to him what she thought was wrong with it (I left a detailed list of what was going on with the opener)..he responded "I dont have time to listen to you" and took his ladder off his truck and went into the garage...when she questioned why he was disconnecting the garage door opener when that was not party of the problem, he said "You know, I am done here!", took his ladder and left.  I cannot believe that a person would treat a customer that way.  My mother has never been treated like this in her life by someone and was very upset and insulted.  To actually have this employee be the SON of the OWNER shows what a spoiled brat this kid is and how he was raised. It also shows the lack of integrity that this business has in dealing with the public. The owner and the son should both hold their heads down in shame for treating a customer this way.  You want to be treated badly....call this business....if you want a little respect...move on and choose another! SHAMEFUL!!!!
1 Austin needs to find work elsewhere. Very very rude. Mr Pettiette should be made aware how disrespectful his son is.
1 Even after multiple calls demanding an apology the owner never called me back. This conpany is shameful and I reported them to my home warranty company as well.
5 Have used them twice and very happy with the service and prices. Worked on my schedule and now even my neighbors are using them!
1 My garage door opener (that I bought here at Smokey's a couple years ago) wasn't working. The counter guy was inconsiderate and insisted I buy a new one without even checking the old one. I bought a new one there for $40. When I got home I was shocked to see the exact same remote opener online everywhere for $12. Went back to complain about being ripped off - was rudely told no returns, no exchanges, no discounts.
4 I used this company through my home warranty. They were polite, on-time and efficient. They were also easy to schedule fairly quickly. They are also in the East Valley now too.   The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because the scheduling lady is kind of rude and has a bad attitude on the phone.  She can be difficult to work with but the people who actually come and provide the work do a great job and are really friendly.  If I had to use them outside of my home warranty, I would probably get multiple quotes. I saw how much they charged my warranty company and their quotes seemed expensive. But with regard to service, they were outstanding.
5 The spring on my tenants' garage door snapped on Wednesday after 5:00 p.m. I called Smokey's Garage Door and left voicemail after business hours. They promptly returned the voicemail at 8:40 a.m. the next day (Thursday), and quoted me $75 for the service call and 2 x $75 for each spring, so I was looking at $230. I called one of their worthy competitors and was quoted $80 for the service call and $99 per spring, so I went with Smokey's service.  We set the appointment for that same Thursday, and I was given a window of 12:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. As promised, Brian Gross, the technician, called me at 2:30 p.m. and was here 20 minutes later. He was very professional and thorough, replacing everything in about 30 minutes, and oiling the hinges on the garage door as well.  It turns out I needed only one $75 spring, but I also needed two new cables at $20 each. One original cable had snapped and had to be replaced, and the other was replaced as a precaution, as it was showing signs of material fatigue. So my total bill for the repair came to $205.  I also bought a universal remote for $39.95 more, since I needed a spare one and Brian programmed it as well. I was told there would be a $10 discount applied to the service charge, but I don't see it on my bill - to be honest, I forgot about it and I think Brian did as well in good faith. EDIT: Amazingly enough, Smokey's saw my review, called me, and kindly credited the $10 to my card. It was totally an oversight on my part, too, and the fact that they made it right when they didn't have to made this experience that much more positive.   TIP: There is a 3-year warranty on springs, 1 year on cables, 30 day on labor. Save your receipt because, although the company could easily search its customer database and honor a warranty, they want to see the receipt. Also, if you sell your house, it doesn't transfer. I am giving them 5 stars but I will amend the review if I encounter issues.  All things considered, this was a very good experience. It allowed me to get my tenant's issue resolved quickly and professionally. I would use again and recommend them.
2 I used them through my home warranty in April. They fixed a problem with the motor and it reoccurred. The problem persisted and when they came out again, they tried to say the door was the issue and needed to be replaced. It was obvious to me, that they just wanted to sell a new door. It was also frustrating that the tech arrived not knowing what they did during the previous visit. He didn't call their office nor did he care to. I did his job for him and called the office. When I called, they gave me a hard time about this and were not friendly about disclosing what they did. They gave me attitude and tried to say that it was my fault because I didn't replace the door already. Funny because the tech agreed with me and fixed the problem with the motor; it had nothing to do with the door.   That being said, they do some nice things. They do arrive on time. They do call in advance to give you an accurate idea of when the tech will be by. They also try to fit you in for service the same day. The techs who arrive have all been friendly and approachable. I wouldn't use them outside of my home warranty. I am very suspicious of their prices.  I would definitely comparison shop and get a second opinion before buying or agreeing to any plan they put forth.
5 Extremely impressed with the level of professionalism and service these guys provided! Josh was extremely helpful and knowledgeable when my garage door was not remaining closed he assessed the problem over the phone sent a technician out same day fixed the issue and now my garage door has never work more quietly or moved so smoothly! Thanks Smokey's!!
5 Love this company!  I was referred to Smokey's by a friend of mine a few weeks ago and i loved them. They came out to my home within a day of calling them (which is awesome because most other companies wanted me to wait until the following week). The technician was very professional and helpful. He was very patient with all my questions (because i know nothing about garage doors!). I love that they are a family owned business and seem to be good on their word.  Id absolutely use Smokey's again!   Thanks Guys!
1 Holy cow..where do I start with this group?!   This company was sent to my home at the behest of American Home Shield to fix a broken door spring. When this company contacted us to set up an appointment  my wife mentioned what the problem was and they scheduled an appointment. Upon informing the serviceman what the problem was he stated that he would have to contact AHS, otherwise it was going to cost me 'out of pocket'. AHS denied the coverage (shocker) and I was displeased to say the least, dismissing the serviceman.   Here's what I concluded about Smokey's after the service call, sorting everything out:  1. Smokey's personnel knew well what the call was about, also knew AHS coverage, and could have told us that broken springs aren't covered under standard AHS contracts. This would have saved a trip. yet they sends techs out to fake like they don't know AHS policies. Total smokescreen folks. They know it well.  2. The minute the serviceman showed up and walked in my garage, he pulled the 'ripcord' (red cord) knowing all the while that the door would be excruciatingly heavy to lift without the puller attached and 1 spring gone. This was NOT a necessary step to take BEFORE determining whether or not AHS was going to cover the repair. This was just the service guy following bad company policy and attempting to add a level of consumer desperation to the service call. IMO, this is a company liability because the door would lift with 1 operational spring, but very difficult if not connected to the drive. More proof that Smokey's has a protocol for dealing with AHS spring failure calls.  Smokey's is another deceptive company and any positive review on here is likely a sham. Furthermore, the tech spent 1/2 his time drawing up a stuipdly-high quote to replace 1 spring ($243). That's OUTRAGEOUS and an insult, to boot.  In summary, stay away from Smokey's and stay away from American Home Shield vendors. There's a reason that they need to rely on warranty companies to get business, because their practices, quality, and customer service cannot stand on its own. If you think I'm posting this review falsely, go ahead, give them a call.
5 My door arm bracket and one spring broke. Went in to Smokey's and they quoted me a reasonable price, $150 for 2 springs, $30 for a steel bracket and $84.95 labor. They offered to come out next day to get the repair done as it was 3 pm when I went in. Set up an 8-12 window, got a call at 7:50 informing me they were on their way. 40 minutes later the door was repaired and functioning correctly. Very impressed with the service and attitude of all the employees I interacted with.
1 Awful customer service. At first I was just trying to get a panel and brace for a door I bought from them a few years ago. After calling numerous times and being promised a call back which I never received,  I finally decided maybe it would be better to have them come look at the door.  I was told that I would need to be available between  1 - 4 pm and that the service guy would  call 30 minutes prior to coming, well 3:30 rolled around then 3:45 so I called the office, the guy there told me it was the owner out on the calls and he must be running late, I asked how long he rudely said"I dunno" I asked if he could find out, he seemed completely put out that I'd want to know the time they would be there.  So the owner calls and goes into this tirade about how he's on his way and early, I told him he wasn't early he was supposed to have called 30 minutes before coming and be there by 4 so since he hasn't called by 3:30, I had been worried about him showing up on time, that was my only concern. He started on some rampage of absolute BS, that I was being rude and shouldn't have complained to his office person, I told him his office person was rude, then this guy really went off, I told him he better check his rude attitude before coming to my house, he said he wasn't coming, which figures since they have no concept of timelessness or customer service.  Don't do businesses with these hotheads.  They are wound too tight to trust on your home, I'm actually glad the guy decided not to show up, because you never know what can happen with unstable individuals like him.
