5 I've been using Liberty for 15+ years at my personal rental properties and as a property manager.  Their strongest suit is honesty, and they have integrity beyond match.
5 The company I work for needed all three evaporative coolers replaced about four months ago. We searched around for a company that offered replacement parts for these particular coolers but they were so old that new parts were not an option. So we had to start getting quotes for brand new coolers. Long story short, Liberty Cooling and Heating beat out all other prices that were offered and we ultimately opted for their services. Now jump ahead to the day of delivery and installation. They showed up at about 6:30 in the morning and were completely finished around 9am. They removed the old coolers and installed the new ones in record time. This was most likely because it wasn't just a 2 or 3 man crew. I would estimate there were at least 10 to 12 workers present which lead to a quick and timely install.  The coolers and still working great although its finally cooling down and we won't need to use them again until next summer. If you have any heating or cooling problems I would definitely recommend this company.
1 I was referred to Liberty by a family member that uses them and has received dependable and reasonable service. When I called them to schedule an appointment for a check up/tune up on my AC, I was told they would take a message and call me back. The woman answering the phone did not have the ability to check their calendar for available dates. She stated the procedure was - she would give them a message and someone else would call me back to discuss scheduling, pricing, etc. I asked her when I could expect a call back, and she acted a bit aggravated that I asked her that and could not give me a time or day for the return call.  I never did receive a return call, and I went with another company who was able to schedule an appointment and answer my questions the first time I called them.
5 I called Liberty Heating and Cooling out since they had installed my system before I owned my home. The technician came out  and found the problem with my heater. He on his own accord offered that we would not need to fix it now since we wouldn't be using the heater till fall. He serviced my ac and charged me a very reasonable price. I expected it to be a lot more. I appreciated how he did not pressure me into replacing the heater rite now. He did not criticize my system even though it's older. I can't stand when service people tell you what all will most likely go out in the next couple months. All in all I am very happy with their business standard and pricing. Rest assured come fall I will call them to repair my heater. GREAT COMPANY!!
5 We have used Liberty Heating and Cooling for many years now. They installed a new unit for us about 6 years ago and we always call them for routine service calls and maintenance. They are professional, honest, fair and friendly. I like when Robert (one of the owners) is able to take care of our calls but their other technicians (especially Jonn) are also very good. I highly recommend Liberty!
5 I have been consistently using Liberty on my commercial properties and home for years.  Robert, Tim, Raymond and the rest of the techs and staff are knowledgeable, honest, available, and timely. This is a first class operation.  I would recommend Liberty to anyone who would ask without reservation.
5 I am an out of state property owner and landlord. I received a message from an elderly tenant at 7 pm that her AC had stopped working earlier in the day and it was 91 degrees in the house. It is June and ALL AC Service providers were busy. I called Liberty that evening and left message of my situation. They said to call at 8:00am to see what could be arranged. When I called, my tenant was already scheduled for service at 9:00 am. The problem was a circuit breaker had flipped. The technician corrected the breaker, tightening the module and services cleaning the debris from the ground level AC and filter...all for just the one hour service fee. EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE from a company that understands the needs of residents in the summer months who may need extra care becuase of their situation. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
