1 Purchased a new fridge from there, unit was broken within 1 week. Lost over $80 of groceries. If I had purchased this from Sears of Best Buy they would have swapped the whole unit out since it was so close to the date of purchase, but these guys just blew me off. Now I have to take a full day off work and wait for the warranty repairman to come fix a week old unit. Will never purchase through them again.
1 It is the worst company I have ever dealt with. They have twice delivered our Viking range with dents, and refuse to fix the doors on the range to make them flush with each other. The owner (who relays everything through his employees) states he will not take the range out of the warehouse unless I pay the full purchase price for our dented, mismatched door, range. Have now filed complaint with the Better Business Bureau. We have waited five and a half months, after putting a fortune down, and we can't even get an explanation of what is going on to fix this mess. The owner just makes his employees give us general messages about how it won't be delivered until we pay the full price. I have pictures of the dents and mismatched doors, and if you are thinking of using this company I can show them to you with the whole long, bad story.
1 Do not allow the great prices on high end appliances to sway you to give this business your money.  After I purchased a new Viking dishwasher from them, they pawned off and delivered a used one onto me instead.  The thing had a dirty knife and their ad inside asking someone to buy this used machine.  When I called to ask them to correct the problem, they denied it could have happened.  They claimed they don't sell used appliances (their own ad inside would argue otherwise).    I had to make multiple phone calls arguing with them for days to prove they had "made a mistake".  Finally they agreed to replace it.  They claimed they had to order it and it would be in two weeks from now. Four weeks later when I still had not heard from them, I called.  They claimed they had to look into it and never called me back.  Finally when I reported them to Viking and the BBB, they called the same day and miraculously "found" the dishwasher.    I don't care what the cost.  I would never give such a deceptive company any money.  It is not worth it if this is how they treat their customers.
1 Do not allow the great prices on high end appliances to sway you to give this business your money.  After I purchased a new Viking dishwasher from them, they pawned off and delivered a used one onto me instead.  The thing had a dirty knife and their ad inside asking someone to buy this used machine.  When I called to ask them to correct the problem, they denied it could have happened.  They claimed they don't sell used appliances (their own ad inside would argue otherwise).    I had to make multiple phone calls arguing with them for days to prove they had "made a mistake".  Finally they agreed to replace it.  They claimed they had to order it and it would be in two weeks from now. Four weeks later when I still had not heard from them, I called.  They claimed they had to look into it and never called me back.  Finally when I reported them to Viking and the BBB, they called the same day and miraculously "found" the dishwasher.    I don't care what the cost.  I would never give such a deceptive company any money.  It is not worth it if this is how they treat their customers. I wish I had seen the other reviews here before going to this place.
1 I bought over $18,000 worth of appliances from these people . Everything was great except the refrigerator which was suppose to be a new demo. The refrigerator arrived and appeared to be used. It had a big dent in the interior and part of the freezer was missing. We worked to correct the situation but the manager/ owner is a pompous ass that really doesn't care about the customer once he has your money.  Please deal with a dealer with great reviews. I wish I would have checked first.
5 I got a wash machine from Allstate Appliance & Love Love it. I had absolutely great experience with the customer service & delivery was fast & dependable, highly recommend Allstate Appliance!!!!
