1 You may need to invest in security camera for their service.    I used to be in support of Waste Management and the things they do in the community.  We have recycle bin and regular trash bin which is to be picked up same time every Tuesday.  However recycle bin is constantly being picked up late or not at all.  They claim that we have vehicles blocking the bins.  However, they do not realize that we have security cameras to show no pick up done and there is no vehicle blocking bin.  It is almost offensive that we have to justify by video that their trucks have not come and they do not take our word for it.  I feel bad for others who do not have the technology. Shame on you.     Find this post useful, funny, or cool, please check accordingly.
1 I've had an account for them for years and in the last few months my bill has increased by $100 for no real reason.  And one garbage can was "too full" so I had to pay an additional $60.00.
1 THIS IS A ZERO STAR REVIEW.  I live out in the country. WM would only pick up once a month and charged me $65.00 per month. After three years of this outlandish pricing, a local company began servicing my area, $25 per month for two pick ups per month. YAY. Now the bad news... Trying to cancel an account with WM is ridiculously hard. The rep I spoke to was overbearing and tried to intimidate me. I stood my ground. He proceeded to tell me that though I had satisfied my contract, he was required to email me cancellation requirements and that I was still responsible for three months of service and had to send a certified letter to WM. I said no to all of the above. He said he would email me anyway. He did not. My attempts to call his private line the next day and thereafter only got me his voice mail. He never called me back. A week later I called another WM 800 number. The woman told me that indeed my account was closed and the container would be picked up soon.  Be very careful if you have to do business with WM. Read the contract carefully. Know your rights so when the cancellation rep starts making things up, you can confront him with your knowledge of the contract.  WM makes it almost impossible to cancel. I will never do business with them again.
1 This is the worst company I have ever had to deal with. I would give them a minus 5 if there was such a rating. The litany of complaints I have against them is too long to waste my time writing about. Suffice it to say I would not recommend them to my worst enemy. On second thought maybe I would.
2 Seems simple enough.  Put out your recycle can the night before scheduled pick-up, truck comes the next day and empties it.  Why then, every other week, do I have to contact them for missing my can?  Most recent response is as follows: "After reviewing our route information, we found that our driver noted in his log that there were no items out for removal on 4/1/2014 when we serviced your location. To guarantee service, we do ask that all materials be curbside either the night before or no later than 6 AM on your service day."  I see.  So, I let you know that you've missed my can 2 weeks in a row, and your response is to blame me?  That's bad customer service IMO.
