4 I'm not writing about the golf here.  I'm all about the food!  I had a dinner reception here for graduation.  The place itself is amazing.  The view of Camelback Mts. is stunning and romantic I must add.  The place is very private and to get in you must have a lot of $$$ or you know someone that knows someone - old money!    We were served a light garden salad with yams and dried cranberries.  I'm a sucker for dried cranberries and yams so you can throw them on a dried boot and I'll eat it!  Our main course was filet mignon -- okay I thought, I've had better.  Finally, dessert, which turned out to be my favorite.  Raspberry puree and crème brulee with a caramel rice cracker atop - sweet & sour mixed with crunchy and softness -- that my friends, is what any dessert should be!  Kudos to the chef! - Enjoy!
4 While I have not had the pleasure of dining nor playing golf here, I have been at a few events on the golf course.  Everything is top of the line and very expensive while remaining exclusive to the members (and people with lots of money).  Pools, tennis courts, multiple dining areas and private clubs/bars throughout the property, as well as the expansive golf course - there is always a caddie or cart driver to cater to your every need (again, as a member).  The grounds are very well kept, and the rules are followed to a T.  All of the staff are very polite and helpful, and most of the members are rather indifferent, but there is a particular air of pretentiousness in all of that.  Either way, I don't normally live among the wealthy or "upper class," so it fits the cliches.
5 This place is gorgeous! We were here last night for a party and have to say that this club is incredible, the views were breathtaking and the staff is top notch. Everyone was incredibly helpful and friendly. Looking forward to playing a round on that beautiful course sometime.   Also love that they prohibit people from being on their annoying cell phones. More places should adopt that rule. I'm a fan!
5 As a guest for dinner i was very impressed from the start. Valet parking for a normal dinner night. Attentive bartenders, very clean place, very beautiful decor. Pasta and stir fry bars were very good. Dessert table was just too much.  No cell phone use at the club was great, no interruptions.
