1 I used to come here with my boyfriend to get parts, last week I saw this car they were selling. I wanted this Mazda they were selling in the front. I had to sell my truck to have enough money so the morning I was selling my truck I called here to make sure they still had the Mazda. The girl on the phone said they still had it, I clarified their asking  price and was really excited to go buy the car. I sold my truck and went to get the Mazda. When I got there the guy at the gate told me the Mazda had been sold yesterday. I was like what the heck I just called and the woman said you still had it?? He pointed at the Mazda in a fenced lot and explained that they did still have it but it had been sold yesterday and the person just had not come to pick it up. So now I have no truck and no Mazda. No vehicle at all because the lady on the phone didn't think to include the fact that they still had the car but it was no longer available for sale. Never going back.
5 This is my favorite wrecking yard so far. The prices here are very fair MOST of the time. I am almost always happy with the prices they give me, and if the cashier sees that the parts I pulled are in bad condition, they often give a discount, which is very courteous and appreciated. There is a big selection of German Autos, which is what I come for.   I dislike that there are no listed prices, even though the prices seem to be set. I do appreciate that the cashiers are often very fair, so this makes up for it. I feel that their prices for wheels are way out of line, and seem to have increased. $30 each for steel wheels and $50 each for alloy wheels is highway robbery unless you happen to find a matched set of 4 perfect high-end wheels, but good luck with that, as most are mismatched sets of 3 with curb rash and forklift marks and flat tires. Seriously, $200 for a set of wheels with bad tires? I'm used to only paying $5 each for steel wheels, and $15 each for alloys.   There was one time where I drove all the way out to the yard and was short 5 cents for the entry fee and they wouldn't let me into the yard, even though I was prepared to spend about $50 on my debit card. But other than that and the high prices of wheels, I really like this yard, and it is my yard of choice.
