5 12 bucks, 10 minutes, old school, looks great!
1 Crooked haircut. Had to go elsewhere to have fixed
5 Hugo was great, He has been there for 11 years and he knows how to cut hair, old school.  I felt he did a great job at all the classic details right down to the hot lather shave of the back of my neck and sideburns for a really crisp edge.  He made sure my brows were not bushy and that no stray hairs were growing out of my ears.  I have not had such a professional and enjoyable haircut in years and wanted to share the experience. While I was there a steady flow of people came in, The other Barber while I didn't catch his name seemed equally professional.  This is a Barbershop the old fashion way, a place for all kind of guys to get the haircut they are looking for
5 Love this place. Inexpensive ($12 + tip!), usually less than a 5 minute wait, old-school, sports on television, discuss the news or sports of the day with the friendly father/son team of barbers, and I leave looking great and with money still in my pocket. Cannot recommend enough. Great cut and CHEAP!!!
1 The old man just ripped off half the side of my hair  with an old  seventies razor  ripping out hair  no scissors.  At any time. Son should  is  trying to establish own ydev\ cover  at customers expense for the fathers obvious  declining abilities  and mental  state. This from a 5 year user  of this  barbershop and recent  abuser from this man  with  a haircut  plastered in grease to cover  either he is blind or he is just a crook.   that  is being his license  review
5 Nates barber shop is one of the best shops that I have encountered in my life. If your looking for a great inexpensive ($13) good looking haircut this is your place. The father & son are both great professional, & customer friendly barbers.. I highly recommend this place to anyone.
5 I highly recommend Nates barber shop to anyone. The haircut looks good and very inexpensive ($13). The father & son are very professional & friendly barbers. Bob t is full of it..
5 Had an EXCELLENT experience here. I'm always nervous about visiting new barbers but these guys are awesome.
5 This is one of the best barber shops I have tried in years. The shop is not fancy, but it is clean and spacious. Upon entering, I was immediately made at ease by the friendly greetings of Danny and Hugo. Danny gave me the haircut; after a few brief instructions and some questions, he proceeded to give me the exact haircut I wanted. Fast, friendly, efficient - this is now my preferred barber shop.
5 I have been going here for over 20 years - got my very first haircut from the original owner, Nate himself.  (Support your local barber - don't sell out to a big chain barbershop).  I live in Los Angeles now, but I make sure to wait and get my haircut when I come back to visit family in Phoenix - nothing beats this place.  Friendly service, inexpensive, quick, and professional...customer for life!
5 A true haircut....well worth the price {$14}. Father and son are both personable and take the time to make sure you get the cut you want.
