5 The staff here saved a family member of mine's life here after a CVA. (a stroke) The doctors and nurses put up with my crying, simply reminding me kindly to keep it together in the room. They took the best care of him I could ever ask for, kept me informed, and let my family visit without harassment at any hour.  Maybe it's because I am grateful to say I had never been to an ICU before, but I think there's a damn good reason it's so costly. That room was sterile, but bright, plenty of room, and a nurse was always right outside, monitoring! I visited ICU for about a month.   PT and OT were great, so patient, so professional, and so compassionate. They came to the Acute unit for about another month until he was transferred to TBI (Traumatic Brain Injury) Rehab facility in a different state.  I have no complaints, and by no means would I say that about too many other hospitals. They must truly have some of the best staff in the world here. Every single person I encountered (and there were many!!) had a great bedside manner, which I later came to understand takes an incredible amount of patience that I admit I don't have myself. I couldn't do their job.   My story is a happy ending, and I am all too aware that it could have been different. I could never thank everyone enough.
5 I owe Dr. Spetzler and this Institute my life. I have 3 brain tumors. They aren't really operable. I was diagnosed in 2004. I have had a few surgeries with this team without complications and have been able to enjoy my life to the fullest ever since. I interviewed 9 neurosurgeons around the country... but, when I met Dr. Spetzler, I knew that he was the one. My husband was in medical sales and all of the neurosurgeons that he worked with in California talked about Spetzler as if he were a god. He is very well known and respected. You should read the book that was written about him: The Healing Blade. Its incredible. He is a man of few words.. don't let this discourage you. If you have questions, make sure you make a list and ask them one by one. He will give you the time, but he is also a very busy man. In my experience, that is what worked for me. The nurses were caring and went above and beyond. I am so grateful for this hospital.
1 I would never recommend Barrow.   My boyfriend was diagnosed with MS about 3 years ago. Barrow Neurological Institute has been a joke to deal with since his first appointment back in February 2011. I am so utterly disappointed with their customer service, bedside manner, doctor turnover, and office operations that I literally have no words to describe how bad it is. Their MS Center needs to clean house and their good reputation is no longer applicable. I would suggest Mayo Clinic or finding literally any other option. I am honestly disgusted by the carelessness he has encountered. They are lucky he is their patient, because I don't have nearly as much patience. I hope someone working for Barrow reads this and takes note. I hope this saves future MS patients from wasting their time. I hope Barrow Neurological Institute realizes a good reputation only goes so far if you do nothing to uphold it.   If you are researching places to seek ongoing care for MS and would like to know specifics about why I would not recommend Barrow, just PM me. I will back up this one star rating and maybe we can even help each other find better care for ourselves and our loved ones.   Thanks for nothing, Barrow.
1 I just spent 19 hours at Barrows with my daughter  in the emergency room.  She has a very severe neck injury and debilitating pain from it.   3:00 PM  Wednesday August 21.    1 1/2 hour wait outside  waiting room    4:30 PM    we were sent to a room that only had lounge chairs ( No Beds).   11: 30 PM Cat Scan they moved us to another room again no beds only chairs.    1:A    the doctor came in to explain what was going on  and said another doctor would be in shortly    1:30 AM We are moved to a room with a bed but are not admitted to the hospital still in emergency.    3:30 AM doctor arrives  and  lets us know the other surgeons  whom we have not seen  have a plan  to give her the same medication she is already on that has not worked for the last year.  We ask to see the doctor who decided to make up this innovative treatment plan and were told he'd be right in .  5:30 AM  No doctor, we ask a nurse when he would be coming in . answer soon !  7:30 am   Daughter  rings for nurse to get pain meds   8:00 AM still no doctor  Daughter has not been given pain meds since 3:30 am  She is crying  and in real pain ...we find out they forgot about us! Shift change and no one on the floor even knows we are there  8:30  AM  I call medical directors office and tell them what is going on they are sending someone right away !!!!!!!!!  9:00 AM  Doctor from the 1 am visit  night before  walks by our room eating his breakfast  We have not been offered any food or water.   My daughter notices it is him.  I run after him and ask what's going on.  He is a neuro surgeon.  He has already told us she has bulging disks that need treatment.  I ask him to please get her some pain meds.    He states that he left orders to treat her for pain when needed because he believed she was in real pain.  We ask him the plan for treatment and he says we will have to make an appointment at Barrows Spine center.  I ask him for medication for her before we leave he assures me he will recommend the prescriptions we discussed ( he cannot write presriptions only  the ER doc can write prescriptions . The ER doc has not even sceen us.    10:00 am Charge Nurse comes in and give us wrong prescriptions .  I discuss this with him.  They tell me they will have to re-admit my daughter to emergency room in order to get the correct prescriptions because the doctor who was in chage of writing her prescriptions wrote them at 3:30 am that morning and has left and closed her file.  We need to start a new file!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    10:10 am  We walk out with my daughter crying and in the same condition  as when we first arrived.   With written prescriptions that we already have  at home and are not strong enough.    I am appaled at the lack of service, and neglect we received.  DO not go  to Barrows if you want help and a plan to get better .  They are too busy to pay attention to you.  This really happened.!!!!!!!! I would give zero stars but you must at least give one to add this review so others can read it.  19 hours of hell...I can't wait to see the bill for this disservice we have been given!
1 I've had a horrible experience here. They led me on for something like 2 and a half months. I have been having trouble with migraines and I looked under my insurance providers and there Barrow was. So I gave Barrow a call and they transferred me over to their "referral line." The line said I needed a referral from my doctor and my records sent to them to get an appointment. Fine. I sent that information to them and waited about 3 weeks for them to receive the documents (of course they didn't call me when/if they did) so I called back and spoke to someone else at the "referral line" and they said they never received my documents. I tried looking up different phone numbers for Barrow to see if there was a scheduling line I could directly call. I happened to find a number and I spoke to a woman who WAS in scheduling and she said she needed a referral which I said I faxed all those documents to the "referral line" weeks ago. The woman said Barrow had no "referral line" and treated me like and idiot and said to call back when I've sent them my documents. So I did send my documents in to a different fax number and this time talked to a woman who seemed nicer and took down my insurance information and the woman said she'd call back when they had an open appointment. I waited for a month and finally called back to see what was taking so long and the person I spoke to said my insurance was not accepted by Barrow. That's all well and good, but couldn't they have CALLED ME? I swear, nobody speaks to each other at this place and to have my important, confidential documents "not received" is frightening.  Customer service at Barrow is a 0.
5 After reading the few reviews here, we had to post something about my husband's 2-level fusion cervical/neck surgery that was done here a few years back. Dr. Curtis Dickman performed his surgery. We learned about him from a dear friend who had serious back surgery by him and recovered beautifully. Search Dr. D online - you'll be amazed! They have the state-of-the-art surgeons at Barrow. My husband sailed through...it was frontal surgery, one night in the hospital, he could talk in post-op and the second day he ate half an omelet (of course it temporarily hurt to talk and swallow but that didn't take long to go away). Then we drove 2 hours home. Currently I am planning lumbar back surgery and Dr. Dickman referred me to a colleague at Barrow, Dr. Udaya Kakarla, who specializes in spinal reconstruction and surgery.  I am confident and will post again in a few months!
5 This place is first class, I'd give them 10 stars! My son has been seeing Dr Peter Nakaji since his surgery in 2009. Every appointment is refreshingly smooth and quick (not the norm for visiting busy specialist) and Dr Nakaji is not only a vastly knowledgeable expert, he explains things in easy-to-understand terms and is wonderful with our little boy. The staff isn't always warm and fuzzy, but they are well organized and keep the office moving which is more than enough for me.   If you are in need of Neurosurgeon you will be in great hands with Dr Nakaji at Barrow, we love this guy!!
