4 Dr. Christine Tymczyna is a provider here at Healthy Outlook Family Medicine. I have searched for a good doctor since I moved to Phoenix. There are many that will just prescribe your medicine, or listen to about 30 seconds of what you have to say and make their assumptions but not Dr. T.   She is attentive and takes the entire picture into consideration. The back office staff is really nice, and the front office staff is better then most.  My only wish is that they took Cigna HMO, however knowing the insurance companies, I can understand why they do not.  PROS: Early hours, as early as 6am, great doctor, nice staff  CONS: The Owner will not let her doctor's take self pay patients.
5 I have always utilized Yelp mainly for restaurants and nightlife but I am compelled to take the next step and write a review because of such a good experience I have had recently with Healthy Outlook. From the first instance of trying to book my appt on Zoc Doc to the conversations with the receptionists as well as the Nurses (prior to Dr. interactions) the experience was seamless. The office is very well staffed and the wait for the over 6 times I have visited the office in the last 2 years has been 5 minutes at most. That is unusual this day in age. The front desk greeter was so friendly and clear about next steps. When Zoc Doc was unable to book my appt, i received an immediate call from the doctor's office explaining why. (Over 40 now so a special time frame is needed that that Zoc Doc does not have programmed in.) I receive my very prompt appointment reminder call which is helpful and in one situation I needed to cancel at the last minute and was not charged a fee because I was an existing patient.  Both Dr.'s Cohen and Tymczyna are extremely knowledgeable and efficient. They do not rush the appt. but rather, they take the time to get to know the patient and take not just medical history but also family history very seriously. (social aspect-not medical.) The nurse has come in promptly to draw blood and within a couple minutes the Doctor knocked on the door and was ready to see me. VERY LITTLE WAIT.  These folks run a very efficient practice and most importantly, they are ALL client friendly and they value the clients they have. I might be one of the lucky few who has had the opportunity to see both Doctors in the past and will echo this sentiment for both.   Thank you Healthy Outlook for making my experience successful. It is never easy to go into the Doctor and your demeanor and rapport, not to mention professionalism, was second to none.
4 I had been looking for a primary care provider when a family friend suggested Dr. Cohen and Healthy Outlook and I am so glad that they did.  While the outside or surrounding area may not be amazing, don't let it fool you.  The lobby has a cool modern look.  Today was the second time I've visited the office and it was a great experience just like my first visit.  I woke up this morning needing to be seen so I called the office thinking I wouldn't be able to get in today, especially being New Year's Eve, but to my pleasant surprise they were able to schedule me in for the afternoon.  I showed up 10 minutes before my scheduled appointment and they took me back shortly there after.  No having to wait a ridiculous extended period of time after my appointment was scheduled, which has happened in other places, but not here.  Once I saw Dr. Cohen she confirmed what my google webmd findings led me to believe I had and prescribed some meds.  I appreciate that she takes the time to explain what's wrong with me and the meds I'll be taking.  I love that I feel comfortable about the whole visit and I've never left feeling like, "what'd she just say?"
5 I have been a patient of Dr. Whitely at Healthy Outlook Family Medicine for about ten years. Dr. Whitely is so caring and always seems genuinely concerned about my health issues and how I'm doing. I never feel like she's in a rush or just trying to get to the next patient. She always takes the time to discuss any concerns that I have and to find out what's going on with me. I have spoken to friends and coworkers about their primary care physicians and when I compare my experiences with Dr. Whitely to their experiences with their physicians, I know that I am so lucky to have Dr. Whitely as my PCP. I always brag about what a great PCP I have. I would highly recommend Dr. Whitely and any of the staff at Healthy Outlook. I live in the east valley so the office isn't close to home, but I will never go anywhere else for my primary care needs. Dr. Whitely is worth the trip :)
5 I have been a patient of Healthy OUtloof for years.  I am always treated with respect, and when I am talking with the doctors, they make me feel like I am their only patient.  They take all the time you need, offer suggestions, and really care.  I recommended them to friends and family and they all go there too and are very happy.
5 I feel very blessed to have Dr. T in my life, she was a terrific doctor who listens and has helped me in my family many times. She cares about us beyond the doctor/patient realm and when we are hit with a crisis of some kind she will go out of her way to provide the care we need.  I cannot say enough positive things about Dr. T and her staff. They have helped me with some serious problems and I am much better for having them in my life.  If you are looking for a new doctor, this place does very well.  Thank you!
5 Dr. Tymczyna has a difficult name, but is so easy to work with. She's very spunky and incredibly knowledgeable -- she knew all about some hypochromatosis, the ins and outs of hep C, what kind of vitamins to take for pre-pregnancy thoughts, AND she's an OBGYN! Their bloodwork comes back super quick, and they have a helpline you can call to get answers, rather than the bloody phone tag crap most doctors make you do. They are always always playing "I Love Lucy" in the waiting room.
5 Dr. Tymczyna is probably the best doctor I've ever been to.  She really takes the time to LISTEN and empathize at every appointment.  Everyone else in the office is friendly and knowledgeable as well.  Highly recommended.
1 The Dr. I visited was quite terrific, spent plenty of time going through my background and answered all my questions.   The low rating is not for the level of Care, but for their billing staff.  I had visited for an annual wellness and to establish care, which is covered 100% by my insurance provider. However, I got a bill from them for a co-pay. When I called my insurance company they indicated that the billing code was incorrect and listed as diagnostic, instead of annual exam.   When I called their office to ask them to kindly recode the claim correctly, before I could even get 3 words out, the billing lady began lecturing me about the fact that it wasn't an annual wellness exam since it was my first visit and that would have been explained to me when I called to make the appointment (it never was).  She was argumentative and rude, interrupting me when I tried to say anything and forcing me to raise my voice at her in order to get my point across. I'm a very reasonable person - but this lady was probably one of the rudest staff I've ever dealt with at a Physicians' office.    Honestly - if the billing lady had been even a little more polite to me on the phone in how she handled the disagreement, I would not be posting this review and I would have simply paid the co-pay. As it stands, I will not even consider returning to this particular practice.   I really believe that how the staff treats the patients is a reflection of the office environment that the managing Doctors create and allow.  If this was my business I would never tolerate an employee treating a client so poorly.
2 As a follow up to my previous review - the practice manager called me to apologize for the bad experience and remedy the issue.  I appreciate that they took the effort to reach to me after the fact and let me know that they would address the bad experience I had.
4 I'll keep this short and sweet.  Easy appointment, short wait time, friendly staff.
1 I wish I could give them no stars.  Long story short is I used to LOVE this place.  I recommended Dr. Cohen to everyone I know.  My last encounter leaves me unwilling to ever return and inspires me to write this review.  I have never been treated with such disrespect.  Long story short...even when I tried to tell the NP that the office staff and the nurse assistant were rude to me she LECTURED me, never listened to my side of the story, belittled me, and to cap it all off insulted me.  I got a "we will have the office manager look into that" but never actually listened to me.  Never received an I am sorry.  In fact the NP lectured me on raising my voice with the office staff. You bet I raised my voice...she was rude.  NP had the nerve to say "when someone escalates a situation with you it is your obligation to deescalate." really? That is amazing customer service. I will never go back to this place.  It really is a shame because I liked Dr. Cohen...but since I never get to see her and I have to go through those horrendous people to get to her I will take my insurance, co-pays and referrals elsewhere.  Oh, and I will make sure to call United Healthcare and let them know what amazing service I received.
