4 Friendly service and decent prices.  During the current drought of .22 ammo they had some and were rationing it so everyone could have some, and didn't gouge on the price.  Good selection of black powder guns and supplies too.
3 I'm not what you would call a "gun person", but I am a gun owner, so I guess that sort of makes me one... ?   Anyway, I used Legendary Guns on two occasions to receive guns shipped from out of state.  Both times, they didn't seem to pleased to do this. There was lots of kvetching about the paperwork. When I came in for pick up, I received lots of surliness.   I don't except to be fawned over at a gun shop, but you know, some civility would be great. Three stars because some of the staff are actually really nice - it depends on if you're lucky enough to deal with them, and because they do communicate in a timely manner.  I can't comment on the retail side of the business.
1 So I called this place to get a price on a handgun. The reply I got was; " four hundred something."  Hmm, I never realized that four hundred something was an actual price. I guess It was to much trouble for the guy to actually look and see what the actual price was.  I would have probably got a better answer to my question if I consulted one of those magic 8 balls. Guess what Legendary Guns, I will take my four hundred something dollars and happily spend it at another gun shop.
5 Nice and friendly place with reasonable prices
5 Nice place friendly people good location if you wanted you could even take the light rail here
5 Second day in a row I showed up here and yesterday was my first time, ha ha. Met the gunsmith Ryan and you can tell he loves this stuff and was super helpful. We got to talking and he said he could pop in my apex trigger to the S&W SD9ve I just bought in 30 minutes while I wait. What !?!?  I've never heard if such service in the industry. We talked quite a but and I'm pretty sure I'm going to buy an M&P full size just to have him put a trigger in that too (can you tell I appreciate a nice trigger?). This place is very nice for a gun shop, and the inventory is fantastic (they even have an FN 5.7 as of today,lol). Prices seem on par with most gun shops but the service is really where it's at in this industry.  I'm not sure why the other reviews here are negative (I'm not waiting time reading them either) but my experience has been awesome and will be coming back regularly.
