3 I've been happy with this place, but they are inconsistent with their estimated times to pick your dog up.  One time I was told 2 hours and he was ready in 40 minutes. Today I was the first one there and was told 3 hours. All for basic bath and tidy. I will be trying somewhere else next time.
4 My boys Brady and Munchie absolutely love their Claws and Paws grooming sessions.  Cathy and the team have been handling their grooming needs for a couple years and they do an amazing Schnauzer cut. They are miracle workers when it comes to Munchie and his matting issues and even recommended a special cut to help make it easier for me to maintain in between appointments.  Due to my unpredictable schedule pre-booking my appointments is always a challenge; however, they do their best to squeeze us in within a few days of calling. We're often on the "squeeze us in if you have a cancellation" list. I've never been disappointed and the boys appreciate that too.   I also give Cathy and the team high marks for the cleanliness of the shop, follow-up and great customer service.  These ladies truly demonstrate genuine care for my pets and my boys and I love them for that. Woof Woof - Bow Wow!
5 They are great with my two big dogs. We can't get them to stop squirming when we try to cut their nails, but the folks at Claws & Paws make it seem easy. Our dogs actually love coming here.
5 My dog, Ellie, is the border terrier cover girl with the purple mohawk.  :)  They do a really good job on her and come up with creative colors for her mohawk.  They also do an excellent job with trimming her nails.  Bonus points because I can usually get her in within a couple of days and they open at 7:30AM.
2 Last 2 times I haven't been overly impressed with this place. It doesn't seem like a very friendly or welcoming environment personally. I am always asked about what I'd like done and they don't seem to follow through on my requests. I have noticed the last couple times hair is always never trimmed around the mouth and the hair is left sticking inside the mouth. Pickup times always change and once they call they expect you ASAP and tell you they are closing early on several occasions. Sorry but customer service is lacking here.
