4 Yay! I'm a fan.. doesn't really seem to fit a review of an imaging center. However the 4 stars does! Clean, friendly and orderly this is a great place to get an xray.. if you ever get a choice and the facility is close, go here.
3 They were late with my CT scan, but the associate apologized and stated that the previous appointment was late.  They sure were quick about getting the co-pay though, and then I could not get my detailed receipt for proof of service for my federal spending account until after.  Red tape, red tape, but the staff was really friendly.
1 My mother had two procedures done there this morning. Ultrasound and MRI. Staff was really nice but the Issue is that when we get there they spring a $640 co-pay on her. They did not tell her ahead of time so someone who is already under immense stress. This caused her to panic about the procedure. I think that this should be on the check list of the pre-registration.
2 Not a fan. Sadly this is where my doctor and Insurance have me go for appointments. I have asked them to send me to the location at Arrowhead and it is better.  The wait is horrendous, when you have a high insurance deductible I would HIGHLY recommend someone calls to talk to you before your appoint to talk to you about the price of your procedure. Ken S is right on the money with this.  Look I know how a medical office SHOULD work, I've worked in one before. You call usually a few days before to verify insurance and you get all of the information about deductibles etc.   Do the patient a favor and call them.   Service here is pretty bad. I will go to the arrowhead location if I have to go here again.
2 Convenient but can be significant waits. Staff is pleasant enough. Now they get your co-pay in advance. Fair enough I suppose but hold onto your receipt because weeks later I got a bill from them for that very same co-pay. When I called about it, they could find no record of me having paid at my visit so I had to go to the trouble of faxing them my receipt. Over a month later and I've heard nothing back.
1 These people were so rude! No regard for patient confidentiality whatsoever. I was treated as if I were a second-class citizen. I walked out.
5 I have Multiple Sclerosis so I have frequent MRI's. I've been having them done at this location for several years now. This location is very professional, all the waiting rooms, exam rooms, dressing rooms, bathrooms ect are spotless and even nicely decorated. I think my longest time waiting was maybe 15 minutes from the time I finished up the paperwork. Also the MRI machines are very fast, though very very loud.The staff has always been courteous, polite, and easy to work with. The MRI techs are very friendly and willing to answer any questions. I had an allergic reaction to the contrast one time and it was handled quickly and effectively. The staff really went out of their way not only to treat the issue but to make me feel comfortable and reassured I was in good hands. As I am disabled I can not speak to private insurance issues, but have never had an issue with medicare. I very highly recommend them.
