5 Awesome place to live!!!
2 I want to start off positively. I was given a choice between a renovated and non renovated unit.....and after spending a grand total of 5 seconds in the non renovated one I decided it would be better to not contract polio, typhoid fever, and anthrax from the mystery stains on the floor and ceiling. Plus one for giving a damn and renovating a livable one bedroom.   Two major complaints about my 10 months spent here. The first is "the walkers"....these are the people (residents, homeless, or just meandering drug users) who wander the property at all hours. These clowns will ask for money or to use your phone on a regular basis, and are able to just hang out and steal laundry because the highly touted "gated and security" services are about as meaningful as rubber lips on a woodpecker. They just don't exist. I don't advise anyone walk around unarmed in this complex.   Lastly, when I moved in my fridge didn't have a bottom shelf. Small annoyance that could be fixed so that I make use it as an actual fridge....not 2/3s of a fridge. My first request to management that it be fixed led them to the conclusion that a new fridge was needed. Ok...fine. Wasn't delivered for two months....then when I asked where it was they claimed another resident needed it and they needed to order another. After a roundabout circus of non deliveries of said fridge and arguing back and forth with lower level management about this general half-assery, I finally had the manager promise in writing to deliver the fridge. I did receive it, albeit after the gestation period of a typical human. You're welcome to do the math.
3 Lots of upgrades since meb bought this place and the staff has been very accommodating in letting me out of lease. Awesome!
2 So let me start out by saying that my two stars represent exactly the caption, "meh I've experienced better." In my renter's lifespan I can't really say that any apartment complex can truly earn a fantastic rating given that most have their ups and their downs-You can't expect much if you're trying to save a buck.  So far, the complex has really done nothing but gladly accept my money. Now they only gladly accept my money with a debit/credit fee or by personal check, not money order. They don't accept money orders which is a first for apartments and I'm sure it's because some low-life forced them into it.  So let's get to the point-my major gripe with this complex are my god awful neighbors and neighborhood. I can't really blame the building or the operators for too much of it but I can certainly blame them for enforcing rules and upkeeping the place to defend against the other heathens that live here. Plenty of wanna-be tough guys and ruthless self-absorbed litter-producers wander the place....and the children. During the daytime I think the apartment complex serves as a cheap day care. 20+ children scream and run about fighting over whose scooter they're sharing or squirting people with water guns an it's enough to completely piss me off every time I leave my apartment. A group of little boys calling another little girl a "bitch" and saying the f-word at age 8 is actually what inspired this review. They run around in packs, running me off the sidewalk and torturing my self-proclaimed quiet life and are cackling and bothering people in their patios until their parents scream their name for them to come home when they've finally remembered they have children to look after. It's a complete shitshow.  As far as adults go, I don't think anyone knows how to park their car in one space or in their assigned parking. Lazy neighbors park in the visitor parking near their doorstep so if you plan on having friends over they'll have to park outside of the gates because after night falls, there is no parking at all. I own a new car so I haven't had any break-ins but my boyfriends grandma had her car broken into several times and her tire stolen. My in-law's had their truck stolen and dropped off in a random location so they are out of a car now. I don't feel safe walking around the neighborhood at all and I make sure to keep all my valuables inside and out of sight. They recently installed a security gate but there's no sign of it being actually in-use with security codes. The place has been slowly being improved, for example, repaving, but the complex and its staff doesn't prove to communicate in an effective way to make things happen smoothly....I can't blame them really with the people they're probably dealing with on a daily basis.  The laundry machines constantly steal my money and half of them do not work. I thought the money we put into those machines are supposed to be used for upkeeping them?? Not to mention the laundry has been stolen twice and returned once after a scary looking father in law publicly yelled about what will happen to the person who stole it.  My apartment is the saving grace. It is spacious enough for me and my other half. The AC works great so far and no walls have caved in or major bug infestations have threatened our well being. There is an awful stench coming from all of the drains and I've treated all of them to no avail. Our appliances were new upon move-in and they are still working fine and dandy. It's a run of the mill cheap apartment on the inside and I am totally fine with that. It was clean when we moved in and it will be clean when we leave. I just hope that we can get out when our lease is up with no problems and can get out of this damn "alhambra" part of Phoenix. Judging by the fees they put on 75 year old grandma when she had to move unexpectedly, I don't predict any wiggle room.  Yes, it is my fault for living in this neighborhood, I get that...but there are things to be done to combat the problems that come in line with a bad area. I almost forgot to mention my upstairs neighbors recently puked off of their upstairs landing onto my doorstep and left it their for me to find and for my other neighbor to clean up. And I'll leave you with that.
