4 I have used this place for almost 10 years!! We used to have a wood deck when we moved in it seemed to be a good hiding place for creatures of all sorts. We have called them for many thing's gecko's, hornets, termites  you name it everything but scorpions hehe. I am sure this place has gotten busier with all the development around here but I still make them send out my original pest guy, his name is John. They have tried sending others out and I haven't liked any. They dont mind sending him out and if he ever retired I'm not so sure what I'd do! I am not sure you can have that kind of relationship w/ your Pest Control people but the office girls are really nice too. If you have any probs w/in the 30 days they will come out again at no charge. They also have some organic spray you can ask for.
3 i called PPC to have them take care of a silverfish problem i'd been having. they were able to come out the next day, which was very convenient for me and their services were needed STAT as i have a huge fear and am totally grossed out by any kind of bugs.  they gave me a time frame of 10-1, and i usually expect the guy to come before 1, but forgive me for misjudging this one, i had to waste my entire saturday morning sitting around til the guy came at a little before 1. it took him about 3 minutes to spray my entire 1 bdrm condo, which he had to charge me 40 FRICKIN DOLLARS to do. he even admitted that he was overcharging me. and you couldn't do anything about that?  a couple stars for convience, and needless to say i haven't seen of those pesky critters since they came. and they give a 30 day gaurentee.
5 I didn't want to go with the big name companies, so I gave Phoenix Pest & Termite Control (PPTC) try even though the reviews were only two. I had some ants kinda of take over the house while we went on vacation and my wife almost had a heart attack. I called a few other companies, but the prices were all too high. PPTC not only gave me an amazing $25 off the first treatment, but the quarterly rates were even better (3K sqft for $54). We get from time to time a spider here and there, but nothing major. PPTC treated for not only the common little guys, but scorpions as well.  They came out the very next day, on time, and very professional. The guy went above and beyond and gave us his recommendations. Looks like I found my pest control people while I live in the Valley area. Thanks PPTC! The next day when we woke up not a single ant was around. Give these guys a try you won't be disappointed.
5 This review is for the ten-year period I have been using Phoenix Pest Control.  They service my 4000 square foot, 1 acre home quarterly for $36.50 per visit.  The price has been virtually the same for the entire ten years.  In addition, they have taken care of bee infestations three times (extra fee for this).  Bottom line is that I have not had any significant pest problem during that entire period, although I routinely had unwanted visitors before starting to use them.  They are punctual and courteous, and very accomodating to my varying times of availability.  NOTE: I have no affiliation of any kind with this company, and they did not suggest that I write a review.
