2 You will find Country Boys Restaurant at the intersection of Camelback, I-17 and School Cafeteria Food Rd.  They violated my 3B's of diner safety!  The breakfast food was OK, I didn't have a BLT, but my wife's burger was...not OK.  As soon as I saw that bad boy I recognized the perfectly preformed roundness and the unusual texture that says "cafeteria burger".  But I waited for her reaction.  I tasted my side of home fries with onions and my single pancake.  The home fries were fine, slightly underdone but fine.  The pancake was also fine.  A tad sproingy but fine.    "How's your food?"  "The fries are good."  "And the burger?"  "It's a little off.  Prefab and the flavor and texture are familiar, but from a long time ago.  I can't place it."  "School cafeteria perhaps?"  "That's it.  Exactly."
3 Country Boys is nothing spectacular.  They aren't particularly bad either.  My husband and I came here for breakfast one morning after hearing some good things about it.  This is all standard diner-type fair in here.  Pancakes, bacon, sausage, eggs... the usual.  I ordered a couple eggs with a side of hash browns and bacon.  It was pretty decent.  The hash browns weren't too crispy and nothing was too greasy, which is good I suppose.  The service could use some help, but it sucks working the morning shift when only a few old people come in and some smelly bums who just finished working the corner on the freeway.  Not a bad place to go for a quick bite to eat for relatively cheap.
3 I came here after spending some quality time at the Dealership across the street.  This place is kinda homely.   I ate breakfast, and had a skillet.  mm.  it was tasty.    This place is nothing fancy.  Prices are reasonable.  I enjoyed my time here!
2 I really hate giving bad reviews but between the disgusting floater in the restroom, the view of a bum outside my window, and the food that seemed to all come out of a can or a package, there was no getting around giving a 2 star review. I'm all about checking out hole-in-the walls and mom-n- pops shops, you can find some great gems out there, but this not one of them. It's also odd that you think your going o eat a "country" breakfast, and you see egg rolls on the menu.  I will however, give props to our sweet waitress who was very nice and gave great service. :) other than that- the experience was not so nice
4 Nothing fancy.  Good food and service & good value.  Excellent biscuit & gravy
4 took my wife there on Saturday morning. it was really good not too pricey and the food was great. the biscuits and gravy was great. homemade is always good.
1 No repeat visit here.  Service was bad and took too long to get our food.  When we got the check it had a total but didn't show how she got the total.  I still think she ripped me off.  Food was ok but not good enought to make up for the bad service.
5 Cannot be beaten for the price.  They have a specials menu where you can get a very decent breakfast for 3 bucks !  I had the Chicken Fried Steak, mashed potatoes, and green beans with soup.  Potatoes were not out of a box !  Sausage gravy was great !  Looking for a great place with cheap prices, this is it.
5 I come here ever time I get my oil changed across the street. They are always very nice. The food is good, and prices aren't bad.
