1 Stayed there a month or so ago and consider this review a warning...unless things have changed, the pool was empty and under reno, 1/3 of the rooms were under construction and the entire joint is in a shady area and I don't mean as shady with lots of trees.   The staff were young but courteous (the only reason they even get one star) and when we came back a few minutes after getting our key because the door had a broken lock, the young lady at the desk changed our room no problem.  We were on the top floor, the elevator was under renovation as well and was filthy. We were visiting from San Diego and when my husband made the reservation, we did not without knowledge of the area. Consider yourself warned....again.  Free wi-fi was hit and miss and the motel is right off a busy freeway so it looks like a place that tired truckers and people who don't know better stay at. To the right of the motel is a huge, ghost town like, indoor swapmeet, to the left, a broken down, abandoned porn shop.  I am glad we didn't get bedbugs...but we won't ever stay there again.
5 We were in town for a funeral and chose Quality Inn despite the low ratings, mostly due to location. We didn't see any of the issues in Big Mama's review . Sure, it's not the Ritz, but for the price it's quite a bargain. We were more than satisfied with every aspect of our stay. For about the same price as a Motel 6 you get much better accommodations, a more competent/friendly staff and breakfast. We look forward to staying here on our next visit to Phoenix.  PROS: Large rooms Comfortable beds Very, very clean Large bathroom counter Plenty of hot water Table and chairs in room Good lighting Lots of free parking Evening staff is outstanding - especially Mike and Sam Decent selection at breakfast buffet  CONS: Weird square bed pillows are uncomfortable to sleep on Water pressure could be better Rooms short on electrical outlets Day staff is not as friendly (but still very competent) No snack vending machines - just drinks Check-out time is 11:00am instead of noon
2 I am being generous giving them two stars - and that's because of the staff! We had our dog with us, so chose this place because they accept pets. Even though we are Gold Members - still got a smoker's room for 4 nights because of a convention in town. When we got there, three cop cars were out front - which should have been a warning.   Pros: Staff are nice Breakfast is decent Allows dogs  Cons: Carpet is filthy - our feet were black at the end of the day Smoker's room was disgusting - even after being "fumigated" Asked for a comforter (it was missing) Asked for clean towels (twice) and they were never delivered Closed "adult" store next door and panhandlers walking around the parking lot Hot water goes to cold when the toilets are flushed next door or upstairs
5 I enjoyed the stay here. I've stayed here probably 3 times over the last 3 years and EVERYTIME I've felt like I got a good value for the money. This place is recommended as a decent place in Phoenix.
