1 I only signed up for this so I can blast this company.  I told them what had to be done but they were insistent that they came out to look at the problem.  They then went to tell me a ridiculous amount of money he would not leave unless I paid him his fee for coming out and telling me exactly  what I told him I needed done.  The jackass had the audacity to raise his voice at me in my own home.  I had to bite my lip and resist the urge to push him out of my house.  Then he would not leave in front of my house with out calling his boss.  Seriously WTF is wrong this a company that will not give a quote over the phone and make you pay a fee although I told him what needed to be done?  I think the main point of this is I think i am the most pissed that he raised his voice at me in my own home and would not leave when requested.  I will not recommend this business to anyone. They quoted over $800 and another plumber came in and snaked my line for 50.  The owner is a tool who will not reason also.
1 Do not go with this company. Sure, they fixed my toilets (though they had to come out two days afterward to re-fix) but they charged my at least seven times what I could have paid had I been more patient and shopped around. The owner will not reason with you and even threatened me with a lawsuit, so yeah, we won't be calling these people. Funny thing is, when I wanted to speak to him, I was lied to and told he was on vacation, but got him on the phone later the same day. Word to the wise, avoid this company or you will pay dearly.
1 DO NOT waste your time or money with this company. Horrible customer service. Extremely overpriced. Very high cost ($80) to just come to your home for an estimate. They advertised in a church bulletin, too. Shame on them for screwing people. I regret not having the time to shop around. I got screwed!
1 Complete rip off! They completely scammed my 75 year old mother. Came out and charged her almost $900 to repair her water heater. Could have gotten a new one installed for quite a bit less than that. The guy was out there for hours banging away wasting time running up his rate. This occurred several months ago. My mother tried to dispute the bill with her credit card company. These pirates got their money.  Avoid!!!
