4 I had my daughter delivered by Dr. Scott Schapker at Bethany Women's Healthcare and was pleased with the level of care I received. They have a birthing center on-site if you're looking for a more natural/alternative birthing experience and even have the big bathtubs for water births.   They're also affiliated with Phoenix Baptist Hospital if you're not down with the whole birthing center/midwife thing, which is a nice little hospital IMO. They also have the ultrasound center at the office as well as regular OB/GYN services. The office isn't fancy, but the entire staff is super nice and I had a great experience for being a first-timer.   They offer a bunch of classes for new parents that I would recommend and they're extremely reasonable. If you're up in this part of town and looking for an OB/GYN I would check them out. Dr. Schapker (both father and son) and extremely caring and were very kind to me.
5 I had my daughter delivered by the midwives at Bethany Women's Healthcare and I would recommend them to anyone.  The midwives did all of my prenatal care, and I got to know each of the midwives through my regular visits.  They took the time to answer my questions and actually let me make informed decisions about my care.  They never performed any procedures without explaining why they wanted to do the procedure and then asking me if it was OK.  They made me feel like we were partners in the process.  They no longer have the birthing center on-site but instead deliver at Phoenix Baptist.  The delivery went as wonderfully as I could have hoped.  I wanted to not receive painkillers, and wrote that up in my birth plan.  On the day of my delivery I changed my mind and asked my midwife if we could talk about getting an epidural.  Rather than call in the anesthesiologist the midwife asked if we could first try getting in the bath.  After the bath she suggested we try the birthing ball.  Every time the pain got so bad I wanted an epidural she would distract me to something else - and next thing I knew I had a baby!  Looking back I am incredibly happy that I did not end up with the epidural and am very grateful to my midwife for helping me through without it.  She never told me "no" and if I had truly wanted one I would have gotten it.    She just knew I really didn't want it and helped me achieve my goals.    After my baby was born I had a little bit of trouble learning to breastfeed, and the lactation consultant at Bethany was a great help.  She spent nearly 2 hours with me in the initial consultation and I felt like she took the time to truly understand me and my baby.    Now that I'm back to work I look back at my time attending Bethany and I almost feel a sense of loss, like I have lost friends.   One thing to keep in mind - sometimes appointments there can run rather late.  Because they take all the time each patient needs by the end of the day you can sometimes expect to wait 45 minutes or an hour past your appointment time if they're having a bad day.  But Bethany is well worth the wait.
2 This will be a 2-part review: 1 for the "free consultation" aspect, and another for the actual experience with staff/ professionals at Bethany Home Healthcare.  I'd give ONE STAR for misleading information on the website & verbally by staff.  I'd give THREE STARS for service. "FREE CONSULTATION": Thanks to another reviewer who mentioned an issue with the "free consultation", I made sure to ask this upon the initial phone conversation & was assured it was a "free consultation".  A receptionist called to confirm the appointment, and again assured me it was "free".  I had my husband call & he specifically asked if it was free for someone who was insured, "due to something he had heard".  The receptionist stated, "yes, it is free regardless of an insured or uninsured individual".  Upon arrival, we were asked to fill out detailed paperwork asking for insurance information.  When we questioned this, the receptionist was not rude, but stated that the consultation "would be free for us, but Bethany Healthcare would bill our insurance because we're in fact insured".  Since we were insured, they had to bill someone.  If we weren't insured, they would not have anyone to bill.    "ACTUAL SERVICE": We were here to inquire about midwife services for the birth of our 1st child.  We were not greeted when we arrived and the reception staff rarely looked up & out into the waiting room.  We arrived 20 minutes early (as requested to fill out paperwork) & still waited over 40 minutes after our scheduled appointment time.  We were taken to a small exam room to speak to a technician, and waited another 10-15 minutes for the Certified Nurse Midwife.  The CNM, Donna, was friendly & understanding: she explained their role, listened to our concerns/ desires, and answered as many questions as she could regarding our curiosity about giving birth at Phoenix Baptist with a Bethany midwife.  Unfortunately after waiting 1 hour for our initial consultation, Donna had to end our session after 35 minutes due to another appointment.            I'm confident that the 6 CNM's at BHH would provide quality midwife services, as they seem experienced and reviews show them to be caring & understanding of a woman's desires during pregnancy and childbirth.  But based on our experience, we did not choose to use the services of Bethany Home Healthcare.   Minor note: there was also a "no eating or drinking" sign in the waiting room, which we found odd for a facility that requires pregnant patients to wait for over 1 hour.
2 I chose this facility for my first pregnancy because I wanted to have a natural as possible delivery and I'd read the the midwives here were very supportive of that. Let me just say that every single visit I had to wait at least an hour to be seen, the ladies at the desk were rude lazy and all they did was talk badly of the midwives.  Once I waited almost 2 hours because they hasn't even checked me in and let my midwife know I was there for my appointment. There were 3 midwives that I loved, one of whom was new and actually ended up being the one at my delivery, the other 2 I absolutely hated. One told me she didn't care that I wanted to avoid drugs and intervention and told me there was no point in considering it. The other actually told me that she was offended I hadn't seen her regularly instead of another and was irritated by every question I had. The ultrasound tech didnt even ask if we wanted to know the gender she just blurted it out, thats fine because we wanted to know but for other families who choose not to i thought that was unprofessional and insensitive, she also always acted like she was upset and annoyed. The midwife I saw regularly was Kim and she was wonderful except for one thing. My delivery at Phoenix Baptist hospital was a nightmare, after the anesthesiologist screwed up my epidural TWICE I declined another and she literally pinned me and they forced yet another excruciating epidural on me. I don't know if that was her or the hospitals choice but it was extremely traumatic for me. Ultimately I was forced into a c-section. I think that if they changed the front desk staff and didn't force patients to deliver at Phoenix baptist hospital this practice would be a lot more successful and patients would be happier. Personally I will not choose them for my second pregnancy.
2 I have to say that the CNM that I met was rather friendly but the first time being there....and the second was honestly horrid.  The first time my husband and I attended our appointment there was this rather crude woman in there who was literally outloud making fun of EVERY single person in the office. About how "fat" the very pregnany women were, calling women the "b" word and not a single person in the reception staff said a thing to her.  I was extremely offended as she continued to make fun of me and everyone else in there.  During this time not only were we early for our appointment and had filled out our paperwork prior to arriving but when we got there we were just about the only ones in the waiting room.  Every. Single. Person was called before us and we waited an hour over our appointment time.  I had had a mirena iud prior to getting pregnant and didn't have a period in between taking it out and getting pregnant so I wasn't sure how far along I was.  The CNM told me that she thought I was about 4 weeks along but when I came back in 6 WEEKS they'd do an ultrasound then and left the room.  As we were leaving she stopped me and said maybe it'd be better for me to come back sooner so that they can actually determine my due date.  So I rescheduled for an ultrasound the following week.  So now, I come back for my ultrasound.  Again, first one in the waiting room and I wait 30 minutes past my appointment time.  I finally get back into the ultrasound room and the tech does a scan to see baby and see how far along I am.  Turns out I'm only 6 weeks so the baby is teeny tiny....this is when she starts to laugh.  I kid you not, laugh throughout the entire rest of the appointment about how tiny the baby is and how she just can not believe I am in for an ultrasound or anything because this baby is just so small.  She even stated "I don't even know how I'm going to measure it" because the baby is so small.  She continues to laugh, prints out my pictures and says alright have a good day.  We are going to be choosing somewhere else.  This whole experience in 2 appointments sucked.  Honestly.  And I refuse to have a horrible birth experience.  Please keep in mind the area this place is in and unfortunately I don't think they care to keep it well ran.
1 This facility to appears to be underfunded and the issue presents itself in several ways.  In my experience, this seems to be a characteristic of the quality of services received. The health providers lack knowledge and experience that you would not typically see in better facilities. If you have other options available to you I would explore them first.
1 I waited to write this review to let my nerves and emotions calm down, but in all honesty they have not. Worst experience ever. I'm just glad me and my son are alright.
5 I had an incredible experience here with the birth of my 3rd child.  If you're looking for an intervention-free, natural birth, this is the place to go.  The midwives were all compassionate, caring, and knowledgable.  I was able to deliver my 2nd VBAC at Phoenix Baptist and it was the perfect birth experience.  I had poor experiences with my prior medication-free deliveries (unsupportive staff in particular) and this could not have been more different.    My only complaint would be that the facility is old, but the care made up for it.
