5 Went to pick up dinner tonight at Boston Market, and received excellent service. Joey, one of the Boston Market employees, helped me pick out a low calorie meat entree and was very knowledgeable about their selection. Great service!!
3 In the sordid world of fast food chains Boston Market is like Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman, a hooker with a heart of gold. The store is clean, the food is good (and can be good for you) and the service is never lacking.   This particular location wins points from me due to it's location. It just so happens to be right between my gym and my office, making any post-workout protein cravings a no brainer.   The main dishes are always consistent. I usually opt for the turkey, but the other meats are well prepared as well. The sides can be hit or miss, depending on how long they've been out or who prepared them. Typically the simpler the side the harder it is to screw up. Go green beans!   The service is friendly and efficient. Usually my food is done by the time I've gotten my drink. You can't really go wrong with that speed.   If I ever need to gnaw on a hunk of meat after a gym session Boston Market will continue to be my spot.
5 The first time i have ever been to this Boston Market. They greet you nicely when you walk in. The restaurant is very clean.....Lots of different food cooked and in stock. Smelled wonderful in there. I got the chicken pot pie, roasted chicken, green beans and mash w gravy. As well as the lemon spinach and corn bread.  Tasted a little of every thing  and everything was wonderful. Love it!
3 Turkey and chicken is good.  Everything else taste like hospital food at best depending on how long its been sitting.
2 This is actually kind of sad. The customer service here is very good. Food was served quickly and tasted fine. Here's my problem. I ordered a 3 pc meal. What I got was two pieces of chicken (leg & thigh) and the one thigh had been cut into two pieces. No, really, I'm not kidding! (see photo) WTF? Are you kidding me. Then, once you get to your table and sit down, you realize the Salt Police have left a note insinuating that your eating too much Sodium and you need some extra exercise if you want the salt shaker because you have to get back up and go get one. COME ON GUYS! For a $10 meal I want 3 REAL pieces of chicken and a salt shaker! Ugh!
4 The chicken and Mac and cheese are great
5 I go there for lunch at least twice a week I Love this place, and their new Select Chicken Sandwiches, very juicy. Very clean, and fast service. Really good costumer service. The older lady that's there at nights is very generous and is always attentive to the costumers wants.
2 The staff does a pretty good job and were friendly.  The manager was a bit standoffish and could be more welcoming.  The problem is the food is TERRIBLE.  The ribs are frankly, tasteless and the texture is strange.  The chicken is also tasteless although it was cooked well.  The brisket and meatloaf are also bland and seemed like they had been sitting for hours.  Very disappointing since I spent $80.00 for a mini-buffet.  All of the sauces, meats and most of the sides have the same tasteless flavor, or lack thereof.  The only food that was somewhat okay was the sweet potatoes.  Skip this place for any kind of meal.
