3 I'm torn on whether to give them an extra star only because I *think* they might have overcharged me slightly, and they didn't even have me try on my pieces after they were altered. Nevertheless, they did an absolutely wonderful job altering two skirts that needed to be taken in (yeah!).  Both were lined and had somewhat challenging construction (one is a tulip skirt and the other had some weird seams with pleats).   I don't typically get my clothes tailored, so I am not sure how much something like this costs. It seems to be a family run business with an older couple running things, so maybe they needed to charge a little more; although their business seemed to be doing fairly well, since they had quite a few pieces waiting to be altered. Anyway, the cost for the alteration of both skirts was $38, which isn't too bad, especially since they did such a good job.   It's up in the air if I'll go back again.  I may check out some other alteration shops before deciding if this place is the best fit for me.  P.S.: Okay, I'll give them 3.75 stars!
4 I had two polo shirts altered here: the sleeves needed to be shortened and the lower hem raised. They said it would take a week; I said I needed them sooner than that, and they told me to come back in 4 days. I did, and they had the shirts ready. $20 for each shirt - I don't know if that was expensive or not, but they definitely did a good job; the shirts look great.
5 This place is amazing!  They helped me out when I needed a suit quickly altered and the price was pretty good too!  Thank you Quality Alterations!
4 This is a mom and pop shop and the mom and pop who run this little operation are super nice!!.  They both came out to greet me, gave me a detailed analysis of what they are going to do and what the end result will be.  They have a coupon on their site for first timers and trust me, it came in handy.  Not because of the prices, which are very reasonable, but because I had so many items: a pair of suede boots and 4 pair of jeans that needed to be taken in. My total came up to $84...AWESOME!!  I highly recommend them.
5 This is a mom-and-pop shop ... .I believe the wife does the tailoring and the husband does the shoe repair.  All I know is that I brought my favorite black peep-toe shoes in hoping for a miracle and he did an absolutely wonderful job.  My shoes were in AWFUL condition (which just as another reviewer got, I received a mild and endearing scolding for how awful I let my shoes become!! haha) and he wasn't 100% sure he would be able to fix them.  Let's just say, he worked a miracle.  I had worn the rubber piece of my heels down to the nail and the soles were a mess.  For $65, he fixed both of them and completely cleaned up the worn parts of the leather.  They looked absolutely beautiful and I'm wearing them now :) I thought they were going to have to be tossed (which I was hesitant to do because girls - you know how hard it is to find shoes you love and are comfortable!!!) and now I don't have to!!!
5 After refusing to take my wedding dress back to the shop I purchased it from for alterations I found this place on Yelp. I won't lie I was extremely nervous because I was unsure if they were experienced in making alterations to wedding dresses, but nevertheless I went ahead and brought the dress to them. She was very patient with me considering my dress has a full corset back that needed to be laced up. She only charged me $140 to hem my dress (it has a very long train) and to take in the bust. I am extremely pleased with how it fits, looks, and feels on me. If I have anything that needs to be altered in the future I will definitely be returning to this place of business.
5 Went here with my dress for my son's wedding. I had a white lace piece added  in the bust area so my dress was not entirely black. The owner/she knew  exactly what  I was trying to do/say and did a terrific job! She only charged me $15.00.
5 This place does a great job. They are super quick and super super affordable. Their quality of work is so good that I wait till I come to Phoenix to get my stuff repaired. They do a ton of stuff not just shoes.
5 I took in a pair of $150 leather dress shoes which I really like.  I used them so much that I wore a hole in one of the soles and the heals were worn.  I was quoted $75 to repair and it was at first a difficult decision since I could pick up a brand new pair for twice the price of repair.  But for the soles being worn the rest of the shoes were in perfect condition.  So I went ahead and got them repaired.  Picked them up this morning and was thrilled at the condition!  They did a very nice job.  Will definitely use again.
