5 This place is away from my normal stomping grounds - but the vet I had been going to was losing it on the business/customer service end of things - so I wanted to find somewhere my dog and I were, well - wanted.  Mid-City came very highly recommended - and I was sure it was a better place for me (if not my pooh) with the first phone call.  Friendly, professional and great flexible hours to take care of those of us who work a full time day job.  I am more than willing to take time off if my dog is sick and needs help - but for annual exams and scheduled blood tests, being able to go there in the evening or on a Saturday makes way more sense to me.  Done!  We saw Dr. Hull - who has been a vet since the Dead Sea was only Sick. :)  He looks like Santa Claus and had my (since deceased) husky calm and well behaved for his exam in no time.  When the husky got older and sicker, Dr. Hull had an almost magical link to him - and I knew he was in good hands.  I also appreciated that Dr. Hull is a big believer in quality of life over quantity of life.  He's as good with people as he is with animals - and I completely trust him with my life as well as my fur-kids.  After my husky passed, I adopted a new fur-kid, Layla the Lab mix.  She's had check-ups with both Dr. Hull and Dr. Tauer.  I have always been treated well (as have the pooches) by both Dr.'s, all the tecs and the receptionists.  Prices are fair, and I've never felt something has been suggested by way of testing, prescriptions or other costs that were not absolutely needed.  Definitely a great facility!
1 I give the review 1 star because that is the lowest option available.  I found this clinic as a drive by, advertising first visit free.  I went with our new dog, had her a total of 3 days.  She was having problems with her eyes.  They made the appointment and told us she had allergies, gave us a prescription and told me they were the only place to get this medication.  You could not get this at a normal pharmacy.  We paid approximately $70 for this 'free' visit.  A month passed, dog still had problems and could possibly be pregnant.  We took her back they gave us a 'discount' for this visit.  They again diagnosed with allergies, and added an infection.  They advised without harming possible puppies they could not give anything else, and again said only they could give the medication.  Again we paid approximately $70.  We waited another month, and drove her out of town to be seen by a vet that we know and trust.  She did an eye scrape, did not see any mites but said the behavior was still suggesting such.  Gave us 2 months worth, advised to stop medication after 2 weeks of no symptoms.  Her eyes are great, they're better and she's stopped digging them.  The hair has grown back and she's a happy dog.  In short, we paid $150 for not one but two idiots to misdiagnose her.  I had suggested mites to the second vet as I did some research of my own and was told nooo... not even close.  I should have listened to my instincts, both times we walked in there were dogs screaming.  Both times my dog was frigid and nervous.  A good vet makes your animals feel at ease...   Avoid this place.
5 I find them to be reasonably priced. They were friendly to me and my cat even though my cat was as nasty as possible.  They put up with him and treated him with respect and dignity in the face of his complete nastiness and ferocity. He even scared me. He was ill and they made sure he was feeling better, even after the visit. My cat is doing better now. I consider them my "go to" vet at this point.
5 After having a dog with coon hound paralysis and then a tumor, these guys were always there for me.  They are a bit of a distance from me, but I would follow them anywhere.  They were there for me, and being able to calm me down with my last dog (she was 13 when she passes last month) keeps me coming back. Thanks
