2 I was not impressed by the long wait to see a doctor.  Unless you are dying, you will be expected to wait at least 4 hours or more.  They have a nurse to check you first, and then you're directed to wait in the reception area.  After 2 hours, you get to sit inside the room to wait for a doctor. 2 more hours gone by, the doctor finally came.  They really need to take "Urgent" out of their name.  The only plus is that they do friendly staffs.
5 I needed to go to Urgent Care a couple weeks ago.   This place was the closest so off we went.   The waiting area leaves much to be desired, but whatever. We waited for maybe 20 minutes before being called back.   The nurse who saw me was very nice and friendly and truly seemed concerned about me.   There was never more then 15-20 minutes that went by that the nurse or doctor wasn't in my room.   I wish I remembered the doctors name, she was sooo nice! (young with short hair and just adorable) She was very concerned about me, they did an EKG and xray on my lungs which looked great but she felt I needed blood work done more urgently then they can provide and strongly urged me to go to the ER.   The rooms are old but there was a tv in there to keep us entertained.   If I ever needed to go to an Urgent Care again I would not hesitate to go here again.
2 I have been to other Urgent Cares, and no experience was quite like the one I experienced on Thursday. After getting home from a job interview, I promptly slipped on a stair and broke my foot. The bone was sticking out, not through the skin, but definitely poking out. Immediate thought - I should go to the hospital, but my copay is way too expensive for my student budget, so my roommate drove me over to Advanced Urgent Care. The wait wasn't long, but I wasn't happy when the woman at the desk saw me limping in, and had me stand there and fill out paperwork for ten minutes. A nurse in a wheelchair came out and wheeled me in to get it over with. After sitting for awhile and answering the usual questions, I was wheeled in to a room to wait for an X-Ray. I took out my phone to call mum to let her know where I was, and the woman at the desk immediately began snapping at me that there were no cell phones allowed in the room. Okay then. Then, nurses began flocking in to gawk at my foot. I'm not a freaking animal in a zoo, do not come in and stare in awe at the size my foot has swollen to and make me feel more like an imbecile for breaking it.  After being stared at, I was wheeled in for Xrays and then taken to a room to wait for the doctor. She came in pretty quickly and immediately began poking my foot with the "Does this hurt?!" questions. Of course it hurts! Stop yanking on it repeatedly. After looking at Xrays and my foot, she informed she was unconfident in saying my foot was broken. Day later, a call back from the radiologist who wants to know if it's my hand or my foot, whether it's my left or my right, just left me feeling shocked and slightly concerned that they were unable to tell that in an Xray... Going to the doctor the next day when she's open, it's broken in two places, which she pointed out clearly on the Xray I had picked up from Urgent Care. What. A. Joke. I would never come here again for a broken bone, but probably something they can't misdiagnose and send me home to suffer with.
2 We were traveling (from California) and my wife needed treatment for an ear infection that had started before the trip.  We found Advanced Urgent Care through the web and elected to go to one (they have 8 in the Phoenix area) closest to our hotel.  We even called ahead for an appointment and showed up on time.  I guess it's good we had the appointment - that kept the waiting time down to only about two hours (!!).  My wife was then seen by a physician's assistant who actually had a specialty in ear, nose and throat, and seemed to know what she was doing in diagnosing the problem, giving advice and providing a prescription that we could be filled nearby.  The ear infection eased up after treatment, so I'd say the treatment was OK.  On the other hand, there are some troubling things about this place, beyond the long wait even with an appointment.  Like the first thing you see walking in the door - a junk food vending machine selling chips, candy and the like.  Almost right next to the registration desk.  Now maybe Arizona is not as enthusiastic about healthy eating and preventive care as some parts of California - I can accept that because we Californians can be a bit obsessive at times.  But for a doctor's office to be pushing junk food as soon as the patient enters the building (and I'm sure the corporate owner of Advanced Urgent Care gets a cut of the vending machine sales) is just barely better than having a cigarette vending machine in the corner.  It's putting profits before public health and that's never a good thing.  The other thing I found troubling was the TV in the waiting room - set for a religious channel - not exactly welcoming to people with different religious beliefs.  Surely they could be playing videos on healthy eating or something like that.  But then, I suppose, they'd have to remove the junk food vending machine for lack of use, and that would be bad for the bottom line.  So, to conclude, the treatment for my wife's fairly straightforward problem was competent, but I'm not sure this chain of urgent care centers really has taken a mission of public health to heart.
3 Yeah fine I guess. The best thing about it was we got right in and someone helped us almost right away. We were there at like 8 a.m. on a Wednesday in a September. I guess it's a matter of what time of the day/week you're there. It wasn't outrageously expensive and they didn't nickel and dime me. The biggest issue for us was getting a cab out of there. What a freaking nightmare. Listen, if you're going to use taxis in Phoenix, my best advice is to make friends with the cab driver who picks you up at the airport and get his card and make him your driver the whole time you're there. Tip him like crazy, they need 10,000 more cabs than they have right now in Phoenix. We met this guy and he was awesome, calked him for every trip we took after meeting him. Cabs are a huge hassle in Phoenix.
1 This place is the total opposite of urgent care.  I was here for 2 hours before I saw a physician.  1 hour in the waiting room and another in the private room.  The staff are not very friendly and the first thing they do besides collect your health insurance is get your money.  I guess they're afraid you're going to leave halfway through waiting and not pay them.  I would not recommend this place to any suffering soul who needs to see a doctor immediately.
