1 This Place stole my Money! I paid my rent on the 3rd they sent me a 5 day notice saying i didn't pay and that I had to pay with a money order, so i did  couple days later i saw that have deposited my rent check from the 3rd and the money order, so they got both of them, now trying to get them to pay me back and they giving me the run around, this place is bad i mean people being killed there, roaches, bugs, people getting heir place broken into. and they wanna charge u 600 - 800 to live there... WOW, looking for a place to move into this is not the place trust me, Management sucks big time...
1 It's no surprise that I saved review 666 for Monetelano Apartments.  It started off so nice here, but by the time I moved out, I was so upset with them, I don't know that I can give them the 5 star review I had wanted to when I first moved in and lived here.  I found this place on the internet and fell in love immediately.  Well run community, all the amenities I could have asked for at an amazing price.  They have a wide variety of layouts, and their prices are fair.  They have 4 different layouts for the one bedroom apartments, and I went with A2 out of the 4.  678 square feet, private patio with a storage cabinet, huge walk in closet, wood floors in the kitchen, totally remodeled with a microwave, built in bookcases on the first and second floor and a fireplace if you lived on the third.  I fell in love and decided to move in after visiting the property.  Mind you, I came in two months before my lease was ending in 2012.  My lease was up at the end of March, and I came in at the beginning of January, so I had more then enough time.  I put down a deposit of $100 to hold a second floor apartment because I didn't want to live on the third floor, or the first.  By the time it came for me to move in in March, they didn't have a second floor apartment, and I got switched 3 different times.  Finally, they found a first floor apartment, but only after I had to stay an extra month at my old place, pushing my move to the end of April.  I feel like I wasted the $100 deposit for my second floor apartment since they not only kept reassigning me, but I ended up on the ground floor, neither of which I wanted.  So, I move in. I fell in love with my apartment, and everything was going fine.  After living here for about 3 months, the problems started.  My toilet flooded the apartment 3 TIMES.  Yes, I had 3 serious floods in my apartment.  The carpeting was ruined, they had to get carpet cleaners out to suck out the water that went into my kitchen, living room and bedroom.  It would happen randomly, and it was always when I wasn't at home.  I was PISSED.  I had to throw out my new rugs in the bathroom and kitchen because they were ruined!  They told me they would not reduce my rent or offer to replace the rugs since I had renters insurance, and basically told me that they had done their part to clean up the mess and I was on my own.    Secondly, when it came time to move out, I felt like I got screwed.  They tried to charge me for the damage to the carpeting from the floods, and after some going back and forth I finally got the charges waved.  I knew I would owe something, but not $1000.  The move out was totally where I lost any respect I had for them.  I take responsibility and acknowledge that I would owe something (like two to three hundred dollars) but not $1000!   They said they had pictures, but they lied and did not.  Then they said that there were red stains on the carpeting, which there wasn't since I had pictures.  After emailing the assistant manager Mindy, and looking at the carpeting receipt, they were charging me for repairing the carpeting from the first flood where they cut it up.  Mysteriously, the charges were "only $341 without the carpeting repair.  I found out later that the cause of the floods was because I lived on the first floor and tree roots were growing around the outside sewage line, and every couple months the lines would choke the sewage lines,  causing flooding in my first floor apartment. It also happened to the guy who lived next door to me as well, so it wasn't just my apartment.  Here are the benefits of living at Montelano: -close to the light rail, which their extending up 19th Ave -your in central Phoenix, so you can commute to just about anywhere in the city in less then 30 minutes. -affordable with lots of amenities, plenty of layouts to choose from, and its mostly a well maintained community -two well maintained pools, tennis courts, basketball courts, workout room, business center -assigned parking with the option to tow if someone takes your spot.  The office will give you a tow card and you call the company to get the car out of your spot -reasonable pricing -full sized washer and dryers in the apartments  Downsides: -the water bill here ran on average of $50 a month! I was in a one bedroom and was like WTF!  I know some of the two bedrooms water bills were well over $60 year round! -office staff is friendly until you move out, so beware!  -The assistant office manager is NOT a nice lady, and will try to screw you any way possible.  Please, go over her head to the property manager as she is an irrational cunt. -when you try to reason them, they will use the "we're trying to cut you a deal and if you go to corporate, their going to REALLY screw you" routine.  FAIL -several residents have had a hard time with management here, not just me.  Others have had similar experiences.
1 At first I thought Montelano would be a great place to live since it was nearby my job at the time and the rent was good for a decent apartment especially how I had a fireplace, vaulted ceilings, and a washer/dryer... However, what makes this place really unfortunate to live there is the management, its just poorly managed.   When I moved it was around the 22nd of June and they said I had to pay for a full month then and a full month on the 1st of the following month + plus my refundable & non refundable deposit for my dog, of course I was ok with it since I was new to renting apartments. Then in November, they told me had overpaid from June, I don't understand why it took so long for them to catch this... they told me the leasing agent had been let go for initially overcharging me and I had a free month of rent. So I thought it was settled but when it came time for my lease to end in June 2013 I had to pay about $400-$500 because 1.) the management company had completely changed 2.) they indicated that I wasn't being  undercharged for my monthly rent which didn't make sense since I had it in my lease that I had a reduced monthly for signing a year lease (clearly stated in my lease) 3.) they said I left my apartment with dirty drawers and garbage bags.  It was really upsetting because we were never notified of new management and it clearly stated in my lease what my monthly rent should be... Additionally in regards to them stating the apartment was dirty was completely offensive since I will fully admit I'm neurotic about having a clean home and we went through every nook & cranny in that place. Prior to the final billing, they told us we could do a walk through which they immediately said is not available on weekends, so only M-F, my boyfriend said he'd schedule it for Friday and the representative said that would be fine and to call in to set the appointment time. Later that week my boyfriend called Thursday to set the time for Friday and they said they don't handle final walk throughs on Fridays either so neither of us had the availability for a different day thus exceeding the date and couldn't do it anymore. It was really unfortunate because that's where they indicated they saw trash and I can sincerely say there wasn't any. My advice would be to set the appointment time in the office and take a camera during the walk through or at least take pictures if you can't make it to the walk through.  Additionally we had a issue with carpet being chewed on by my dog which I was completely fine with paying however I thought the refundable pet deposit would be applied to it. Nope. They claimed they used the refundable pet deposit for "undercharging" of the monthly rent.   I tried to dispute the some of the charges but they said I would need to speak to the manager who never called me back. Ultimately, I just paid in full because I didn't want to stress out or have any outstanding charges.  Lastly, I know this may not seem like a big deal to most (myself included) but I never had an apartment number on my door till my final month. Keep in mind my boyfriend and I placed 5 requests throughout our entire stay there but the request wasn't actually fulfilled till I was packing for my next apartment... so during our stay there we  just put a little piece of cardboard with our apartment number for delivery people to be able locate the apartment.   If you're interested in this place, I'm advising to please reconsider and check out the other apartments nearby. Also, keep in mind that light rail construction right now completely delays bus routes by 30 mins to an hour and the traffic builds up in this area for the same reason.
1 I regret moving here. Once you're a tenant the management could care less about you.   Your property was stolen? Well that definitely isn't the property's fault especially since they never shut the gates and nothing is ever locked.  The maintenance guys rarely do anything around the property and it takes them two weeks to respond to a maintenance request. We had one of them tell us not to drink the faucet water but it was okay for the water to come out cloudy.  We made a complaint that our neighbors let their dogs poop on their porch and don't clean it up even though the heat makes the smell worse. That was 2 weeks ago and still nothing.  I asked two months in a row why are payments banned from being paid online. This is my third month asking and emailing and still no response. If I go into the office all of them will look around at each other like they're at a loss for words, not knowing how to run a proper business. We've had people rummaging through the trash cans looking through people's trash for god knows what. In June, they was a couple peaking in peoples' porches and cars.   I honestly do not feel safe here and if I could afford something else I would move in a heart beat. DO NOT MOVE HERE!
1 I am not happy living here at all.  Since Capilano properties took over management of this place it has gone farther down hill than what the poor people in the reviews before me have experienced. My fiancé and I fell in love with this apartment.  On the outside it seemed very well run and clean but shortly after we moved in it surely turned into a nightmare.  Since it now under new management the main office manager clearly has no desire to speak to any tenants that walk in the office.  If everyone was busy and we walked in he would look through his office window at us then immediately go back to what he was doing.  The new office staff they have hired are extremely rude and lazy to top it off.  Two of the three that work the office leave early on a regular basis (I'm talking around 1 or 2pm when the office usually closes at 6).  The one guy that does stay has a sour attitude and speaks to you as if you are an idiot.  The many times my fiancé and I have gone in we received nothing but a dirty look and overall rudeness from this particular office worker.  Calling the office at any point during day will not be answered because they are too busy surfing the internet when tenants aren't being ignored for assistance.    We thought it was a safe community but were proven wrong.  I have lost count of how many times I've seen drugged up people wandering through the complex checking cars or just hanging out because they were able to get in.  Not to mention the people sifting through the trash whether it be homeless or close to homeless needing the money from collected garbage.   The bills here are outrageous!  Our rent was roughly about the amount we were quoted but the water bill for one unit is absurd!  We lived in a 3 bedroom 2 bathroom condo with 2 other roommates and a water leak and our bill was $20-$30 a month.  Now living with just us in one unit our bill is $60 a month and that's not running the dishwasher and consolidating laundry to fewer loads.  It's an outrage. They're also beginning to find every way to get money out of the tenants.  We have been threatened as a community several times to remove clutter and potted plants from our balcony along with sun screens or we will receive a large fine.  Even towels hung on the balcony to dry from swimming will receive an automatic $50 fine.  Last time I checked we were allowed to live in these units asa home not just occupy them. The list goes on and on of the problems we have encountered living here.  Over all I would not recommend this place to anyone.  We were so set on staying here for a minimum of three years and now once our lease is up we are running far away from this place
