1 My vehicle was damaged by a Chubb-insured customer. They were able to come to an agreement with the body shop through a local estimator. The estimator backed up the body shop. Chubb paid the claim in full, sort of.  Where they could improve is in customer communication and basic execution. They were quick to communicate at the outset, identifying an individual as the contact person. They were show to communicate after that; it became my responsibility.   I thought the insurance company had authorized the body shop to proceed, but it was the body shop who had to call me to be sure. They used the wrong postal mailing address, despite being corrected twice. (The Post Office was the star, delivering it between post offices and in a special run to my house, for plain old first class mail!) Emails they claimed sent never arrived.   The contact person is apparently the department head, and doesn't return messages, nor do staff on her behalf. It's up to you to ask to be transferred to her staff when calling them. Maybe they are trying to save money on long distance? If it costs a buck to talk on the phone for a minute with a claimant, maybe you can save $5 on a claim by being non-responsive? When reached, they were all polite.   They have an interesting convention that the check "print date" is several days after the "issue date". So they talk about the "issue date" on the phone, but not the "mail date". Their postage meter was also predated 3 weeks.   This was a two star review, but now it's one because the check they canceled still went out from them after it was canceled by them! No communication. Unbelievable!   Maybe this is standard for insurance companies?  (Other than mine, State Farm!)
1 If I can give them negative stars I would!  My car was hit while it was parked and they won't pay for my car to get fixed.  Chubbs has been the worst insurance I have ever dealt with AND if you ever get hit by anyone from Chubbs Insurance please do the following:  1.  Call the COPS - No matter how nice they are, call them and make them come to the scene of the accident to write the police report. 2.  Make sure you get all the driver's information, vehicle that hit you (plate, vin and what type of car) and copy of insurance card to prove they are even insured with this company. - If they don't have insurance card with them, tell the Police Officer. 3. Take tons of pictures 4. Last but not least, don't be nice - Chubbs won't so don't feel bad if you aren't nice.  Their Customer Service doesn't even know what they are doing, you get different answers every day.  Most of the reps there have been rude and unwilling to help if you have to file a claim against their client.    When I called in and informed them of the situation, they told me that the person that hit me wasn't even insured with Chubbs, I had 2 representatives that told me that AND a supervisor telling me that driver wasn't insured with them.  They informed that they had the parents, but not the driver.  The next day, the adjuster called me and said that the driver was insured, when I asked about why I was informed driver not insured, the Adjuster got angry and didn't want me to ask her anymore questions about it.  Which makes me believe something fishy about this insurance company - did they add him retroactively after he had the accident?  Currently still dealing with them and they STILL will not pay for the full damages to my car or get me a rental at the time being.   This insurance company covers the rich and wealthy, so if you are not that and someone from this insurance hits you then get ready for a battle.
1 It seems like a pattern is forming with the reviews for this AWEFUL company Chubb. You would think when getting so many bad reviews they would start to change there business plan.   Like another review if I could give them a negative star rating i would.  These people are so greedy and incompetent it blow my mind how anyone would use them.    After being cut off by their client on my Motorcycle going over my bike crashing.  She admitted to being at fault.  ALWAYS CONTACT THE POLICE!!!!!  Well I didn't trying to be nice to the girl who illegally turned left in front of me.  Thank go I was not killed, at least then she would have got a ticket and my bike would be fixed. She emailed me her claim etc. and I was to contact Sherry Gill at Chubb in Arizona.  Not only did i leave her 3 messages in 3 days I never heard back from her until I called and spoke to another person at the company.  And still the only response I got from this lady was an email.    No one at that place could ever give me a straight answer and when it came to the liability of the accident I was at fault because i was unfamiliar with the motorcycle "and didn't know the bike was a light as it was" so slamming on my brakes to avoid slamming into the car that cut me off, because i didn't want to DIE! im at fault.    ALL this is is a greedy company taking advantage of people.  Its a sad sad company.
1 If only it was possible to give 0 stars. The worst company I have EVER dealt with. They are rude, poorly run, and they are the people that give insurance companies a bad name. I hope that this company goes out of business. THE WORST.
