5 Ask for Jim, he's the best  My BF goes here and absolutely loves it!  Great people
5 Best service in phoenix on top of a awesome cut with old school quality! Thank you Frank Cash only
5 Just had my first haircut here.  I've always been one to cut my own hair, hated going to those chain places and spending the money.  Just had surgery so I wasn't able to cut my own this time.  Choose Zev's do to location and the reviews here.  Excellent service, haircut, and price.  I really was in awe of the service, never expected so much from a barber shop.  I highly recommend this place.  I'll be getting my hair cut here from now on!
5 Been coming here since I was a little kid. Jimmy has cut my hair every 2 months for the last 15 years... good at what he does. Shampoo, hair cut, quick back massage for $16.
5 Been going to Zev for 15+ yrs.  I like this location the best and the people he has working in the shop makes for a fun time everytime!!
5 After recently moving to N. Phoenix from the southern valley, I needed a new barber shop. I found this place, and am glad I did.  I have gone to barbers in Oregon, New York, Chicago, Florida, etc., and this shop stacks up with the best of them. Prices are more than affordable (around $16 for a haircut, razor line up, and shoulder massage), and they give an excellent haircut.
5 New to the area.. Had to get a haircut and i hate getting new Barbers But JIMMY was great highly recommend this place!! Will go back again!!!
4 If you're like me you know the value of a good haircut. I moved here about a year ago and found that it was hard to find a good barbershop in the area.  Zev's is pretty good though. Jimmy normally cuts my hair and he does a good job. Very friendly guy too. The price is reasonable at $16 a cut. This place is prolly closer to 4.5 stars. By far the best place I've been to in Arizona.
4 Very friendly people here. They took care of me and the prices are entirely reasonable. Lost a star because it didn't seem to matter that I had an appointment. They still got me in about 20 mins after my time. Bring cash, they have no card machine.
5 I moved to the Phoenix area again in 1999. I have been looking for a real barber since. The great Johnny Gibson in Tucson cut my hair for years.   I found the place, it is here and Jimmy is the dude. I asked for my regular haircut, 2 taper on sides, a little off the top, no spikes, blocked in back. Jim cut my hair to those specs. Never ran the clippers into my scalp, worked quick and efficiently. He then trimmed the brows, ears and nose. Finished with washing my hair. Excellent.  After he had already started, I realized that it was a cash only business. Jimmy handled the fact that I did not have any with grace. I walked across to Circle K, purchased a coke and got a twenty spot for Jim. 16 dollar cut with a tip. Excellent value, service and conversation.   Close to my work, I will be returning monthly.
