1 Staff is horrible. I went not to get pain meds (most of the patients looked like tweakers) but to see if I needed an MRI. I arrived an hour early b/c I hate being lost and late. I was called maybe 30min after my appointment time, and they took 30 minutes to call me up to get a simple script for bloodwork. If I hadn't went up, they would have never called me, or called me an hr later. The lady I was sitting next to said  they usually never call the people up, they have to ask them for the scripts b/c they are too busy chatting amongst themselves. I also left my Military ID there, and they didn't even have the common courtesy to call me and tell me I left it behind. When I called 3 days later to see if they had it (they did) I asked if they could mail it since I live an hour away. They acted as if I asked for crack cocaine, and told me they couldn't mail it to me. After speaking to a higher up they said they could mail it, but couldn't tell me when. I guess it was just too inconvenient and burdensome for them. The place is also dirty and wreaks of BO!  Also make sure you sign in on a seperate sheet of paper  for parking. They were too lazy to tell me this and I almost had to pay the measley 2bucks for parking until the parking attendant decided to let me off the hook.
1 BEWARE!!!! DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE!!!   The Pain Center of Arizona personnel are dishonest and deceptive.  They have caused me more harm than good.  I thought they were supposed to help people, but they have caused me irreparable harm and an extra $333.30 for no reason.  Instead of the commonly known "First, do no harm...",  the Pain Center of Arizona's motto must be - "First, cause irreparable harm, then rip off the patient".  I will never return to these lying, uncaring harmful people.  Repeating the warning, I cannot stress this enough - DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE!!!  BEWARE!!!
5 I've been going to the Paradise Valley location for about a year & have had a great experience each time. The phone system is my only complaint, it's not good. I try to get the earliest appointment to avoid long waits, but I do this for every doctor, hair & dental appointment ~
3 I like seeing Steve Adler pa he is funny and knowledgable. The place has been turning into a factory over the last few years packed lobby and everyone seems to be unhappy and running behind. They also treat you like you are a tweaker when it comes to prescribing medication. I have a life long injury and require prescription medication to function at 100 percent. I would not go here if my primary doctor could just prescribe meds long term. They are expensive too. Bring a magazine if it is your first visit they have nothing but chairs. Also plan on 1.5 to 2 hours for you total visit. The first 30 mins will be your filling out clip boards crap. The second 30 will be waiting to get in. 5 mins will be your dr time or more than likely pa visit. Then you go back and wait 30 mins for you prescription papers.
1 ***Warning***  This place is a scam!  The are not interested in you, they are interested in your money.  I went here seeking treatment for my pain.  My pain gets so bad I end up in the emergency room.  They told me they treat pain with mild medications on a frequent daily use.  So they prescribe me something I have an allergic reaction to knowing I have the reaction to take multiple times.  Fair to say it is not as bad in low dosages but too many in one day makes the reaction worse.    They take my insurance information.  I am told they do not take my secondary insurance and I would have to pay a copay.  I told them fine, to take the insurance information out of their computer system.  They stated they would.  Come to find out, they billed the secondary insurance anyway and were overpaid extremely beyond the copay amount.  To this date, they have not contacted me about my credit on the account so I contacted them.  I had to leave a voicemail requesting reimbursement and the voicemail stated they would get back to me within 48 hours.  I called to schedule a procedure.  I made the office visit.  I was told it would be with sedation per my request.  When I got there, they stated it was going to be without sedation.  Yeah, like stick a long needle through my central nervous system/spine without any sedation.  I do not think so.  So they had conflicting paperwork.  They sent the nurse back in to tell me my insurance did not cover the sedation.  When I questioned them none of their answers were consistent.  I was told the person who scheduled my procedure was new when I had a conversation with her stating she had worked there for a few years.  Then when I told them they were wrong about the coverage I was calling the insurance to explain to them the coverage.  I had the procedure done about a year prior with no problems.  They then told me the anesthesia group Lytle Arizona PC did not accept the insurance and if I wanted sedation it would be $400.  Why would I pay that kind of money when I have dual insurance?  I would not.  So they tried to talk me into the procedure anyway and said if I did not do it they would prescribe me something I could take prior to the rescheduled date for the procedure and I could not do the procedure that day because the doctor would not wait for the time to take for the medications to work.  So I reschedule while I get clarification.  I called the anesthesiology group Lytle and talk with several people,  They do not want to take or bill for Aetna and refuse to bill the secondary.  That was the bottom line.  Pure laziness.  So I get a call from the pharmacy and they gave me valium.  A small dosage to relax me when there is alot of pain involved in the procedure.  I called them throught the day on Wednesday to tell them this is not going to work.  I keep getting voicemails cause their phone lines are too busy so after holding for so long, it sends you to voicemail.  Towards the end of the day.  I finally cancel leaving a voicemail at 412pm according to their office.    On Thursday, I get a call from the receptionist in the actual office not the call center telling me the doctor wanted to know why I did not show up for my appointment.  I told her I cancelled the day prior and was trying to contact them but was not able to get through about the lack of medication.  She then started questioning me about why I picked up the medication when in fact I did not.  I left it at the pharmacy knowing it was not going to help me at all.  Friday comes along, and I get a phone message asking me to call back and give my credit card information for a cancellation fee.  I advise them they overbilled me in the past and I should have a credit but nothing should be taken from that.  I advise the lady of their mistakes and their cost of my money and time on Monday and she tells me there is an agreement she is looking at and since my procedure was at 130pm and their records indicate a voicemail at 412pm that was not a full 24 hours and therefore I should be charged.  I asked her what about my time and inconvenience again and she stated she has my contract signed in front of her that I need to pay.  I ask to speak to a manager and I am sent to another voicemail.  I did forget to mention it took me an hour to make the initial appointment cause I had been in a tangled mess between two departments as to who was going to schedule the initial consult because I had existing appointments that were timed to get the medications I am allergic to and a migraine specialist.  I had to ask for a manager and I was transffered to this same lady in the previous paragraph on a Monday in which she does not work on Mondays, she only works Tues-Friday.  So I had to call back  On Friday, I go to another pain management clinic and was asked why I did not have the procedure done there.  I explained to the dr why and he stated it sounded as though they were running a scam with the $400 charge for an anesthesiologist.  I agree
1 I've been going here for the last 7 years. TPC used to be amazing. They listened to you. They asked how you were feeling and genuinely seemed to care. The staff from the receptionists, to the nurses, to the patient advocates; were always kind and helpful. In the last two years TPC has gone from an amazing and welcoming center, to being an unpleasant experience almost every month I go.   There are very few people there anymore who show any kindness or compassion. 70% of the nurses and assistants seem miserable and no matter how polite you are to them, they treat you horribly. If you need insurance authorizations it takes days before they even send it. The triage department never returns calls or are completely rude to you. The patient advocate never returns messages. I've called and left 6 messages in the last 2 months. I've never received a call back.   They constantly push injections on you, even if you've had multiple ones and they never worked. They never ask about any new issues or how your health in general is. You're lucky if the doctor spends more than four minutes with you. ( no really, I've timed it ), I've seen the staff treat people horribly for just asking a simple question. Like I said, there are still a very small number of people there who still are kind and seem to still show compassion.   It should not be something a person dreads going to each month. You should not have to leave there feeling horrible about yourself because you've been talked down to, or even yelled at because you asked one if the women to call in an insurance verification.   I have seen patients yell, berate, threaten, and curse the staff there. I understand their job is stressful. But when someone goes out of there way to be kind and respectful, even after being insulted or made to feel small and talked down to; how is that showing "compassion"?    I used to speak very highly of TPC. I used to recommend them to everyone. But now, I wouldn't send anyone there out of fear that they are treated like I've been treated, and seen so many others treated.   Somewhere along the line TPC lost their core values and no longer seem to care that some if us who go there live every single day in agony. Every minute of every hour in pain. That even in agony a lot if us still put on a smile and give kind words to try and make the staffs day better. To try and make up for the ones who are rude. Only to be treated horribly.   So if you are looking for a pain center who is thorough, spends time with you and listens, and where you are treated with kindness on a consistent level..... I'd go someplace else.
5 I moved to the east valley and switched to this office from the west Phoenix office and all I can say is, "WOW! What a huge difference!"   The office is always clean and smells nice. Everyone in the office is extremely polite and they eventually learn your name and call you by it whenever you're in their office. Little things like that mean a lot to me and I remember it.   Moving right along (it's late and I want to keep this short and to the point). I see Ms. Diane Seago at this office. I can't say anything bad about her. She seems to genuinely care about how her patients feel and is always polite just like everyone else in the practice.   Ms. Seago never seems to be in a hurry and listens to whatever I have to say. I used to always be nervous to go to my appointments in west Phoenix, but not anymore. I actually look forward to going to my monthly doctor's appointment because of how nice Ms. Seago is.   If there is every anything that she isn't sure about, she asks in a polite way and allows you to explain  yourself. She has never made me feel like I was  there simply seeking medications like a different person did at the west Phoenix office. I know that Ms. Seago understands that my condition is real and my eye is constantly throbbing. I just refuse to get a fake eye put in. No thank you!  So, I'll end it with what I've put in here so far.   One last big THANK YOU to Ms. Seago and TEAM! Keep up the great work everyone. I haven't met the doctor in the practice yet, but I'm guessing he is just as nice as most companies/offices with happy and polite employees usually starts at the top. So, if that's the case, keep up the great work, doctor! :)  I'm happy to write this review to help others that are considering going to the office and so that Ms. Seago knows how much I appreciate her. She really does make my life much more manageable. (The pain aspect that is).  Sincerely, Michael H.  PS: THANK YOU TO THE IT TEAM FOR MAKING THE MONTHLY BUBBLE FORMS AVAILABLE TO BE COMPLETED ONLINE!. YOU'RE MY HEROES! In case some of you weren't aware, you can log into your account here to fill out your "bubble" forms. The only requirement is that you can't complete them before 48 hours from your scheduled appointment (FYI).  https://thepaincenter.myezyaccess.com/Patient/Main.aspx
1 This place sucks do not go there unless you are a cow in a heard they do not care about anyone I've been going here for years just didn't know any better it's just a needle factory that's it stick you in the back and take your money I've had major surgery and the last twelve visits I haven't even been asked how I was this place is just a joke I'm done with these people ...  If you have more time and more money to waste on nothing be my guest go to TPC but your better off just to do nothing at all about your problem
