3 I've lived here for not even 6 months, going to school at MMI. Like the other review said the tenants are nice, the neighborhood is ok, but a couple blocks north is a little sketchy, lot's of thieves and homeless people.  The apartment grounds are nice, well kept, the units themselves are a little dated.  God help you if something breaks, the maintenance guys are nice as well, but literally nothing ever gets replaced it just gets temporarily "fixed". My son's window screen has been hanging off the window frame since we moved in, so we can't close or lock the window all the way...put it in my initial report of things wrong in the unit, said they'd be out to fix it a couple times...never came.   The management team is about 90% focused on new tenants and 10% to existing ones, be prepared for super nice friendly smiles at first, then snotty "better than you" attitudes after they get your lease signed. Oh and when you inevitably do need something fixed, be ready to be argued with about your problem or concern, as almost every time I've needed maintenance or had a question, be it over the phone or in person, I get told how I'm either doing something wrong, or its not an issue.  Also if you have a dog, don't be surprised if they put a letter on your door requesting you to pay 75$ for not picking up after they do business, as I got one. Not once have I ever not cleaned up after my dog and they claimed a "member of management" saw me not clean up, which even if it was true, means they didn't even bother to ask me nicely too at that moment. And if you try to fight it they'll give you another letter giving you 10 days to pay or kick you out....such a joke.  The location is nice it's close to MMI and Happy Valley and Bell Ave.  UPDATE: I received a call from the manager, who was very friendly and seemed legitimately concerned with getting my issues fixed. So hopefully some things fixed/corrected!
3 If you're looking for cheap apartments this is it. Though our rent frequently changes due to the water bill. Management had handled some work orders previously complained about. The community itself is nice. Just out of date in the rentals and square footage is an issue with more than two people.
2 Management strikes again. The parking lot is currently being renovated. We received notice just a few days ago. Rather than doing it in chunks they're doing the main parking lot and two side lots all at once. With over 177 residents there is literally no parking unless I want to risk being towed by parking in somebody else's carport or a handicap spot. It's also nice that I pay monthly for a carport that I can't use currently due to the "renovation." Perhaps they should focus on maintenance issues in the buildings and fixing the gates rather than spending money they swindle out of residents on unnecessary crap. I cannot wait for my lease to be up and definitely won't be sending anyone their way.  Oh almost forgot initially cars were supposed to be moved by 8am, which I thought was reasonable but all of a sudden today (day before Reno) my vehicle has to be moved to one of the non existing spots or risk being towed at my expense? This place is seriously a joke. Worst management I have ever dealt with in all my years as a renter.
