5 There are only two reasons i would return to Arizona.  1. To visit my cousin!!  2. Momma's French Toast Breakfast   OMG...this place is to die for!   I came here for breakfast and ordered the Mommas French Toast. Seriously the best french toast I have ever had...even...SHHH don't tell grandma...but yes better than my grandmas!  They use sourdough toast to make the french toast and omg just so good. I'm just sad they don't have them in California.   Service was Excellent.. I think her name was Yesenia ...but yeah she was awesome! Our coffee and Ice tea was full at all times!!   I am already planning my trip in December and Cracker Barrel is definitely one of my stops on my way!
4 What can I say about my favorite restaurant in America?   I was used to eating almost weekly at a Cracker Barrel when living in Florida. They don't have them in California so I was willing to drive quite a bit while visiting a friend in AZ just to eat at one.   I was not disappointed. I got biscuits and gravy - a cracker barrel staple.   This place was amazing. Service was excellent, and the manager even came to check on our group of eight.
4 ILOVETHECRACKERBARREL!!!!!!!!!!!!   The Cracker Barrel has been a family "bon voyage" breakfast staple. When ever we go to visit the parents or they come to visit us, on the last day we always end up at the CB for breakfast!   I always get the Sunrise Sampler because you get a little bit of everything!  That heavenly hash brown casserole is INSANE, I could eat it for the rest of my life! true story!   The grits, with the warm maple syrup and gobs of butter, yummmm!   The baked apples.GAH!   The biscuits and gravy, lord have mercy!   The smoked Sausage! I always ask for all sausage, And skip the one piece of bacon and one piece of ham, pile on that tasty sausage please!   The eggs are a after thought for me and fill in the blanks while I am trying to figure out what to eat next!   The service is always great! We are generally a table of 6-12 people, and they always get our order right.
5 One of my favorite breakfast places and best place for stocking stuffers for the kids.  I have never been here for dinner but breakfast rocks!  I usually order the bacon and eggs which has some uncle, grandpa, or distant cousin in the name...yeah who cares the grub is good.  The bacon always comes out perfectly crisp with no soggy fat on it, the eggs always perfect as ordered, the hash brown casserole is a mixture of cheese and potato that is so perfect I am pretty sure they made a pact with the devil.  I love the fresh squeezed OJ (has a little pulp cause its REAL), the coffee is always great, my wife loves the pancakes.  The service is always quick but I wish they had call ahead seating like Mimi's because this place gets so busy but even still there is never more than a 15 minutes wait (haven't been there on a holiday).  Check out the gift shop on the way out and you have been rualized!
4 The Sunrise Sampler, no need to look anywhere else on the menu.  Two eggs, bacon, sausage, AND ham, hashbrown casserole, biscuits and gravy, grits, and fried apples. And it is only $7.99 for all that food. If you don't want one of the items, you can get more of another. I usually skip the grits and apples and go for double casserole and double biscuits and gravy.  It is seriously filling and completely tasty.  And healthy too! LOL.
4 LOVE their breakfast! 100% delish. I usually try to eat healthy, but when I just crave a seriously tasty breakfast, this is the place to go. The pancakes are amazing, especially when accompanied by the pure maple syrup they serve warm in a brand-new glass that is "yours" (thumbs up for not having to use a massivly sticky, gross syrup canister sitting at the table!). The oatmeal is also very good, especially if you get it with a tasty blueberry muffin & add some delish maple syrup into the oatmeal.  Service is usually friendly but sometimes I'll get a server that isn't very helpful and has a hard time swapping out what is included in the meals so that's too bad. I also wish they served their oatmeal all day instead of just during "breakfast" time, considering all of their other breakfast items are available all day.  Also note that it does get very busy on weekend mornings, so plan ahead that you might have to wait awhile (no stars are deducted for this, obviously).  Prices are also great. You get a TON for what you pay for!
5 I enjoy it here every single time I come!  Service is always friendly and quick!  Usually when you order orange juice, it comes in a tiny cup.  Here you get a nice large glass of it!  And the pancakes are a must every single time!  Their syrup is always served warm, and it's the best syrup you can find!
5 Blueberry pancakes. Sausage patties. Hashbrown casserole. Iced tea. Scrumpdiddlyumptiousness. Sometimes I wish the wait was longer, so I could enjoy browsing the store longer! It's not the place for a cheap breakfast, but it is definitely worth it. Service is averagely good and friendly, but on occasion a little slow, understandably when they are busy. And every once in a while, my pancakes are kinda raw in the middle, probably due to the blueberry overload, so I just eat around it. No biggie and nothing to knock a star for.
5 Walking into this place feels like walking into my home. You might be wondering why it feels like my home, and that's because I used to live in a barn. No, really, I did. The best thing about coming here is the cookin'. If the wife could cook this good, she would probably get more kisses from me. The pancakes taste like pancakes. The bacon is very crunchy and thick. The hashbrown casserole is very hashbrown casseroley. It tastes the way food should taste! I would recommend this place!  A++ WOULD BUY AGAIN!
3 I was wondering why there weren't many lunch reviews... cuz they are just ok.   I had a steak burger, cooked medium (blech) salad and beans.   Salad, sad little boring salad with packaged Blue cheese, even though they serve blue cheese crumbles as a topping for the burger.   Burger was fried, I would say well done but still juicy, no seasoning.  Beans were wonderful.   Bisquit was good.   All-in-all "GO FIR BREAKFAST". (you like my country slang?)
3 Not much to say here, because aside from all the fake-country-flare, there's really not much going on.  I'm reminded of one of the characters played by Meg Ryan in 1990's Joe vs. the Volcano -- the 'flib-a-da-jib-et' lady who kept saying, "I have no response to that".  Pile up all the country kitsch you want, whether in the lobby or on the plate, and I just have no response to that.
2 As soon as we sat down the waiter said "im off in 10 minutes, i cant wait" wow, there is a way to start a meal!  food is bland. had to grab a waiter for refills. my waiter would come over, sigh very loud and ask if needed anything else.   wont come back because the food and service sucked!
3 My breakfast was disgusting last time. Waits have been so long! Waiter was dull. My eggs were half cooked. Way over priced.
5 Great french toast especially the cinnamon french toast!!!
3 Yes, it is Cracker Barrel,  However -  We eat her one or more time a week. We are "regulars," most of the staff remembers us.  The food here is always consistent, and besides one or two instances - the service is always good as well.   My wife likes the Lemon Pepper Trout, and I eat a few different things here. The meals are priced well, and filling.  I don't much care for all the "American!" merchandise in the "country store" that is made in China, but I do like that some of the stuff hanging on the wall in the dining area is actually old.  Because of or work schedules we eat here at random times, sometimes for lunch, sometimes later at night.   It may be a "chain" but at least it is one of the better ones, and this location is always consistent in it's service and quality.
2 Service is incredibly slow.  Not only that, but I felt like I was on an assembly line.  Here's the process:  1.  Put name on waiting list, mill about looking at cheap crap until they call you. 2.  It's not actually seating, it's "pre-seating", where you get to stand by the faux fireplace with some microphone-equipped bimbo trying to make small talk while you wait for the caught-in-a-time-warp-moving-in-slowwww-motion busboy to clear and clean a table.  (why did they call us so soon?) 3. Finally get seated, wait ten minutes for somebody to stop by and introduce themselves and maybe take an order.  By now, you know what you want because it's the same menu at every CB on the planet. 4. Wait another ten minutes for your coffee - note - you should never make people wait for coffee.  ever.  Get one cup, slurp it down almost before the waittress is gone, but it's too late.... 5. Five minutes later you get your food and you get to ask for more coffee. 6. Eat your breakfast, then get your second cup of coffee - no check back "was everything ok?" and the question that always baffles me - "were you thinking about ordering some dessert?"  at BREAKFAST?  Oh, no? ok, here's your check. 7. Forget about any more coffee or anything else, note that the line by the fireplace is starting to back up, so I guess that means move on to the next step.... 8. go wait in line to pay for the wonderful breakfast experience you just lived through.  I've really had better service at other CB's - like the one in Flagstaff for instance, and I like their breakfast food - not reviewing it here because it's really just a sit-down version of fast food and besides, I've already reviewed the food at another one.  Check that review and apply it here, there, or an any other CB.
4 I have been eating here regularly for lunch. Their Chicken "Country House Salad" lunch combo is a very good deal.  $5.99 for a decent sized salad with grilled chicken and mixed greens and a baked potato or soup.  Since it is summer here, I do not like to eat heavy/hot food as I work in the heat most days so this combo is very appealing.
4 Cracker Barrel has some great food at reasonable prices.    If you are used to southern cooking like I am ( My Grandma ) then this is the place for you.  I love their Chicken N Dumplins !  You can not go wrong at Cracker Barrel.  Yes, I'm a fan !
2 ZERO complaints over 15 years and dozens of locations across the US. Was looking for that southern comfort warm and fuzzy feeling.  BUT IT WAS NOT HERE  After the first waitress was unfamiliar with the new menu items (not too terrible)... another person brought the food out and slammed down every item onto the table, and to the wrong person despite my reaction and attempt to move them over to my girlfriend... lucky guess she got the childs order to the right spot. Then got attitude like we had done something wrong like switched seats or something.  Did not get all items out at once, which made my plate look stupid because it was only half full. In addition to giving the wrong plates out, since it was a different person we didn't get the requested ranch dressing until prompted with an attitude 'do ya need anything else?'  The ranch was brought out by the initial waitress and the check dropped off... kinda early? And we were never spoken to again! We sucked all first round drinks dry, left food on the table... especially our 4 year olds uncooked pink hamburger which had 0% chance of being rectified because we no longer existed to anyone.  AND THIS WAS THE FIRST TIME I'VE NEVER TIPPED.  I've always left SOMETHING to at least reflect the performance of someone on the staff, but I have nothing good to say about this visit. The cashier asked how everything was, but was clearly unequipped to handle a negative reaction. I didn't spill the whole scoop, merely shared my disappointment to no empathy or effort to make resolution. So I paid cash and took my change, leaving nothing and heading straight for the exit.  I feel bad for how a couple people representing an entire nation wide chain can impact a faithful customer in such a way, and the reaction they forced out of me to leave no $$. Sadly it's true that bad service can ruin everything, the food didn't taste right, there was no warm fuzzy comforting feeling, and I looked at and bought nothing in the shop out front. Sad day, it was a very sad day but due to a great record in the past I can't hit the 1 star.   Better luck next time CB but it will probably be a long time because I dont want to risk another awful experience when Im looking for something that should feel familiar.
4 Simply the best Chicken and Dumplings in the world.  I have been wanting to come back for many years and it was totally worth the wait. a lets not forget the hot biscuit's and butter.......
5 This is a great breakfast stop!  Gotta love the homemade biscuits... are you kidding me!  Awesome! CB is a huge chain but they do some great things.    The only thing is the way they have designed the space the servers are in the back a lot... too much.  They need to be on the floor more to make sure the cups stay filled up!
5 I go to CB for breakfast on Tuesdays. Always a very good breakfast, no wait and great customer service. For a chain restaurant I am very impressed with how much the staff seems to care about your time in their restaurant. It is clear they want  you to have a great experience in their restaurant.   So many different places to try for breakfast. I have yet to try these places cause Crackerbarrell has given me no reason to go elsewhere.   Really like their coffee too. The staff always makes sure I  do not have an empty cup and even offer a to go cup of coffee.   Keep up the good work CB.
5 So far this had been the best CB I have been to. The wait is shorter than the one on bell and 101. I love the cheesy hashbrown casserole and it is highly recommended. It is always pretty loud in CB, but is still enjoyable. I love to go Sundays after or before church.
5 I LOVE this place, it brings out my inner fat kid.  I always get the Old Timer Breakfast and finish it all (which is shocking because I never finish anything). The staff is always super friendly and the food always comes out hot and fast. Their bacon is amazing-soft and chewy and their hash brown casserole is excellent. Can't wait to go back!
3 Food is great. Service is horrible. I would give the food a 4 and the service a 1. I absolutely love CB but its so hard to go when you know the service is going to be so bad. It just seems like the waitress is on her 1st day and has too many customers. I always get the french toast and its amazing every time. If only I could get a good waitress to go with the food and this would be a 5 star. Please CB- Hire some good waiters and crack down on the bad ones.
3 This is very good "cafeteria style" food. The store provides a very nostalgic feel and waitstaff is very courteous,  We went on a Sunday early afternoon and the wait was not as long as expected.  Food quality was good but obviously pre-prepared.
3 Consistent quality comfort food and friendly service make this a nice family restaurant.  For some reason I can't leave without buying candy but then that's half the fun.
3 When most white people go to eat dimsum at a Chinese restaurant, they are usually clueless and have no idea what anything is and what to order.  I am Asian, and this is how I felt my first time at Cracker Barrel.  Note to self: chicken and dumplings does NOT equal chicken dumplings.  Although I had a great time here because of the fun decor, games at the table, and the overall "whiteness" of the place, I found the food to be really heavy.  I left feeling like the food I had just eaten would sit in my colon for days.  I would come back, just not too often.
4 We crave Cracker Barrel when we travel....mostly because we don't have one in San Diego.  Their cheesy hashbrowns are yummy!  This is not really a "good for you" place to eat.  But they always deliver good food and good service.  Plus, the country store smells so good when you walk in!
4 Simple American food, fairly well done. Pleasing atmosphere and friendly staff, reasonable prices.
1 We don't have Cracker Barrell in CA so we always stop in for some country cookin' while visiting AZ.  Today we learned they changed the menu and removed some of our favorite items.  They added a few menu items that do not compliment their "country comfort food" theme.  I guess their executives don't know who their customers are or why people choose their restaurants.
4 When we're not counting calories we go here. The food tends to be not so health-conscious, it is good old comfort food. Is not the best but it's also not the worst the food and the service are very consistent and the cheesy hashbrowns are very yummy.   I actually prefer Village Inn but Cracker Barrel is a close second
2 I call it Crapper Barrel, enough said.
4 I always find it hard to find decent breakfast places. I recently had a business meeting at Cracker Barrel and was happy with y experience. They have a large breakfast menu so there is something for everyone. Their little store also has some unique gifts, which are perfect for stocking stuffers.  Bring a big appetite for here!
4 Headed here for a good old fashioned breakfast, since they are one of our go to places.  Pretty standard location for the chain with the country store up front to look through if there is a wait.  We were fortunate enough to get seated right away.    Our waitress came over within a minute or two to take our order.  Food came out within 7-10 minutes after, so not long to wait at all.  Everything was made as requested.  The only real complaint we have is the eggs. It seems that they probably cook them to order in the pan and that they continue to cook on the plate, which means they are going to overcook just a touch.  Not really a big thing.  There was a bit of the line at the cash register, but the place is always busy in the mornings, so this wasn't too surprising!   Overall: A- Standard CB location, good for breakfast, service was decent!
4 Out of all the Cracker Barrels we have been to, this overall is the best!  Staff was efficient and friendly.  Drinks were filled regularly without being asked. Place looked clean :) Wish the fireplace was lit!  Food was consistent and hot. All orders were correct for a party of 6. Wish we lived closer to this location to come back more often.
5 Had breakfast there this morning and really enjoyed it. Great food, but a little hard to find.
4 This place is great and not to mention excellent customer service. My waitress Renata was attentive and on her game. Food was hot, fresh and a pleasure to eat. I will definitely be back to this location next time I visit Phoenix.
1 I've been to Cracker Barrel all over the country and this is, by far, the worst. Horrible customer service from not very knowledgeable wait staff. The waitress wouldn't substitute my girlfriend's sliced tomatoes because "they're a garnish, you're not supposed to eat it." Oh really? Then why is it a menu item? The manager simply refused to help or provide an explanation. CB is usually very good and I was very disappointed. Won't be coming back.
3 Quite possibly the loudest place on earth! It's so crazy in this place that I can't fault the waiters and waitresses. My girlfriend and I order the same thing every time "Eggs in the basket, crispy bacon and crispy hashbrowns" and every time it looks like two different meals?? One's perfect and one looks under done and they always have to bring out my hashbrowns later..I like having my meal served all at once. I don't want to be hard on the staff because it's so crazy in there ...but man..I have a headache when I leave this place...
