1 I went in here to get my car fixed after it was running with only half the pistons and they couldnt find out what was wrong with it. Took it to a friend who worked on it for an hour and found three things that were contributing to the problem. After handing my car back to me, I found out they hadnt even put the intake back on the car. I dont think they were really interested in finding out what was wrong with my car to begin with. Will not be returning unless in dire straits.
4 Great service and great prices
5 Awesome and super friendly staff. They took the extra time to help me figure out what was best fr my needs and also helped me save a little money along the way. They squeezed me in for an appointment with very little notice which was much appreciated, but they were also conscious of my time constraints and were able to complete the job extremely quickly! :)
5 Great service. Quality repairs. Excellent communication. I have used them in the past for minor maintenance. In this instance I had failed emmisions. They were able to find the cause in under an hour. I was quoted $85 for a part from the dealership. Turned out they needed a different and more expensive part. They had to pay multiple courriers to different dealerships to find the part. Ended up costing them $160. Cody stuck to his original quote of $85. All said and done, I passed emmisions. It's rare to see a company take ownership at a capital loss. I will definitely be using them for all my service and repairs.
1 I purchased a Groupon for an oil change. Called to make an appointment. Was told : "they don't really make appointments. You have to call in the morning and they'll let you know if maybe I can fit you in later" Really? I have a kid, and a job, and a life. Let me just keep calling to see if I can spend my money with you? So he also says Saturdays are walk ins. So I get there Saturday at 8am. I'm told he's "not sure" if he can get to me today. "But I can hang around to see. But maybe he'll have to hold me over until Monday" . I am honestly shocked that this place has any customers with this lazy attitude. So much for the Fletchers by my house. I called the one on Thomas (near my work). Made an appointment in 5 minutes for Monday afternoon An actual appointment. And the guy was super friendly. I guess all Fletchers are NOT created equal.
