3 First of all, two words describe the staff here: EYE CANDY.  Now, on to the food.  Look on the menu over to the right, set apart from the main items. The spicy beef and broccoli is the best thing on the menu.
3 They are perfectly average. You get what you ask for in a short time and the food is hot and fresh. They do not charge extra for brown rice.   The lunch deal 2 for 10.99 is decent. 2 bowls two salads two drinks.
4 They do a 2-fer lunch deal and they don't charge extra for brown rice like some of the indie locations of SamSam's do.  Nice decor and service.
4 I have tried a few items on their menu and I always go back to my Yakisoba bowl with spicy chicken or a wrap. I love their food. Not too sweet, salty, or too much. Just the right amount of volume.   Service is quaint and quick. Cashiers aren't too pushy and the restaurant seemed clean.   A quick win if you are ina hurry to pick something up and head home for a quiet enveing.
4 The stars are more for the staff and service.  The owner was really great to talk to and very interesting.  He's a retired vet with lots to tell you.  The cashier was great too.  I'd go back just to hear the stories from the owner and the service.    As for the food - I got the chicken yakisoba.  For a fast food type place, it wasn't bad.  Yakisoba's are usually very saucy and/or salty from similar quick places.  This one was more on the dry side which I like.  You can have them add more sauce if you like but I thought it was just right.  The noodles were firm which were a plus.  Not soft or soggy.  The vegetables were impressive too.  Not the mere cabbage and onions.  They used broccoli and zucchini and others that made it good.  It wasn't a lot but for fresher veggies, that's expected.  Better than tons of cabbage that I don't like.  The owner was telling me that their special was a shrimp bowl b/c the shrimp was fresh that day - not frozen.  If I liked shrimp, I'd be game to try it.  For something quick, I'd say it's much better than "fast food" chains.
4 The Shrimp Bowl is Awsome!  Fresh from Rocky Point!!!. Just tried the PORK Bowl, very good, they  use fresh Pork! The staff is helpful and friendly.  The big screen TV's are always on for the game. Dan (retrired Navy) is lots of fun to talk to, always gives my kid a free cookie.
4 Go to place for chicken teriyaki, brown rice, veggies and tons of sriracha! Awesome service, owner is really nice!
5 Always love this place! Always have a great healthy fast style meal. Veggies, white meat chicken and brown rice how can you go wrong. Also I love the yaki soba choice to for those noodle lovers
5 All I have to say is they have THE BEST Teriyaki sauce I have ever had. It dangerous that they have a location right accross the street from my work- I plan on going there quite often!
5 Got it for dinner tonight- can't wait to drown ounce of my chicken bowl in extra teriyaki sauce that they have out for free!
2 I hate to rate a Samurai Sam's so low since I love the location at 7th Ave and Bell Rd, but this one is totally different. My biggest gripes are the rice (white) and portion size.   The rice reminded me of plain ol' (dry) white rice, like Uncle Ben's. Other Samurai Sam's locations use a sticky rice that is perfect for teriyaki. Did they run out and hit up Costco in a pinch? Who knows.   My large chicken bowl was not packed very full. The amount of chicken breast (also dry, by the way) was fine, but the lack of rice made me wonder if I could've had a similar portion in a regular sized bowl for less money. The side salads we got also did not come with any dressing (to-go order).   I do feel bad leaving a negative review since the owner seems to be very well liked, but I would encourage him to visit the other location and see how the food quality differs. Both are of equal distance away from me, so I'll continue to eat at the other one, which I adore.
