5 This is our go to guy for all car issues. Mike knows his stuff, and is honest! He'll let you know right away "you can wait on this" or "you'll die if you don't get this". Reasonably priced too. Hey, all car repair is expensive, but it feels a lot better when you can feel comfortable that your mechanic isn't trying to scam you.
5 What a nice experience. I took a leap of faith and tried these guys and to my surprise was blown away.  My wife has a '79 Mercedes 450 SL and this year the A/C died.  We took it to the Mercedes specialist we normally bring it to and after keeping it for 3 days he told us that it would cost upwards of $4500 to fix it.  I dropped it off at Auto Air and Electric and they called me back in a few hours with an estimate of $850!  I was happy but nervous.   After they were done, I was happier to find out he OVER estimated and the bill was $25 Less!  WTH?  When's the last time that ever happens??!!  Air is blowing cold as anything.  These guys have my business from now on.
5 Yay!  I've found my car repair shop!  I wish all car repair shops were this honest.    6 months ago, I took my car to a shop that insisted I NEEDED $3000 in repairs.  Given that my car is 10 years old, I declined.  Well, I started having car issues.  With the car struggling to turn over/start and the AC only blowing hot air, I figured it was the beginning of the end for my little Corolla.  What I feared would be a major repair job, turned out to be a minor battery issue.  As it turns out, all I really needed was a new battery.  The new battery fixed the start up problems AND the AC issue.  Auto Air & Electric could have easily sold me on some fancy-pants AC tune-up package and I never would have known the difference, but they didn't.  Since I was there, I went ahead had a few other services completed as well.  The service was great; my car was up and running with COLD AC and I was on my way within 3 hours.  The people were super down to earth and the pricing was absolutely fair.  I actually ended up paying a little less than they estimated.  This is the type of shop you don't see much of anymore.  Thanks for the great service!
5 We took our Escalade into Mike for some work. Mike noticed that one of the repairs was covered by our Chyrsler warrantly. He called the Chyrsler dealership to double check. Instead of doing that repair & charging us, Mike only did the non-warranty repairs. He told us to take the Escalade to the dealership because Chyrsler would do the repair for free! Mike may have not made money on that repair, but he gained a customer for life. You can depend on Mike's honesty & reasonable prices.
4 My a/c was blowing warm air so I called these guys. I was working in the area and they were able to see me immediately. Mike was so nice and helpful. My truck had a cold a/c within 30 minutes and their prices were reasonable. I will definitely be back in the future.
5 Great honest shop. Mike is wonderful to work with. He explains everything very well. Gave me options of what needed fixed now and what could wait. Thanks again.
