5 This store used to be closer to 19th Ave & Bell they have since moved and expanded a ton over the last few years. Everything is made fresh daily ceviche, guacamole, salsa's, they have pan dulce delivered every morning yummm. You can pick up the old school soda's here, and good Mexican Favs like Pinguinos, Gansitos, Duvalin, Pelon Pelo Rico, De Las Rosa, and even Bimbo bread just to name a few thing's they carry here. They have natural all organic small game hens that can be stuffed or bbq'd you can ask for their rub they have all kinds of meat most get the Ranchera here for some carne asada you just need to be able to say how many "Libras" (Pounds) and you want them to make it "Preparada" they will put in their special marinade w oranges, onions, and spices in the bag. If your a meat eater you cant go wrong here. I cant get enough of this place!!
5 Pros - great carne asada meat, cheap prices, they provide marinade, ready to grill in 45 mins, good fresh salsa for sale  Cons - tiny hole in the wall store that's almost convenience store like  I'm looking forward to going back the next time I have cravings for carne asada.
4 Stopped in for some Ranchera, went home with a bunch of fresh and cheap veggies, snacks, beers and sodas.  This is a really good representation of a valley carniceria; penche gringos may turn up their noses but valley güero's who know what time it is will dig it. They had a fantastic looking seafood counter, everything looked super fresh and you can't smell even the slightest hint of fish in the air. The staff was very helpful to boot. This is likely your best option on this side of town.  Heads-up on the address, though. It's actually 1708 W. Bell Road...there...that should keep you from crashing into the QT trying to find it.
5 Our favorite Carniceria by far the best meat and seafood available all the freshest ingredients.. small and a great hidden gem! You can't go wrong here!
1 I was getting some meat at this store n my 6 year old points out a little bug. I move the bag of chips n there it was a ROACH ALIVE N KICKING! ! Never will set foot in this place again. My real rating is 0 stars!!!!
4 I am a gringo from Detroit but like my carne asada.... I cannot speak or read Spanish but they are always more then willing to help me out. The meat is always good and the tortillas fresh. I have never seen bugs but hell I had on in my office today. It happens.   The shelves are packed but I never looked around.
