4 Great place to shop for suits, ties, and dress clothes at reasonable prices.
2 Ghetto
1 It used to be a cool place to go and look for awhile and find something really cool! Like a new top or a cute dress. I don't know what happened. Now it's just sad. Probably better to not waste your time. Maybe go to Ross instead.
3 Great prices, but a total c-fuk of a mess.   We'll be going to the Mills location.
4 Great prices. Clean store. The top reviewer Jill C. Don't know what she's talking about. There's no cluster f*** of a mess as she claims.  Everytime I come here it's always well maintained. The one in Mills is actually a big cluster f*** for real. I've gone to plenty Burlingtons around the valley. This one gets 4 stars.
5 Doug is phenomenal. He knew exactly what size and cut suit I needed by just looking. He is the reason I will return to this store.
3 The 'greeters' didn't even aknowledge me as I came in. Turns out they're with loss prevention and were openly and loudly discussing a 'dirtbag' who was shoplifting. Not a great first impression guys.  Place is hard to figure out, the prices were all over the place. Has the look and feel of a discount outlet, but then some of the suit coats were a bit pricey. But again then I found a very gaudy red tuxedo vest for $15. My daughter bought a cocktail dress for about $30 here. It looks nice. Wish they'd make up their mind on what they're trying to be.  Not very friendly, kind of dark. CAVERNOUS.
5 Awesome bargains and prices! I have found a new shopping spot without having to feel guilty.
1 Do not shop here! If you use any kind of markdowns they give you a hard time with returns and will not give you the full amount back. Manager Alex was kind enough to let us know of there was nothing that could be done to recover what we spent.
3 Compared to the location I prefer (Ironically, Desert Sky), this Burlington is a little more...uh...humble than I expected, hence the "Warehouse" moniker.   As you should expect, there's a great selection of athletic wear. It's that time of year when we bandwagon futbol for FIFA, and there's racks on racks of sporty soccer shirts and jerseys. Prices are very reasonable. I made my way toward other athletic wear, and was delighted to find tons of shorts made for long-legged guys like me. I appreciate it.   Of course, there will be the dressy selection as well. It was just a little bit small for my taste. I'm also underwhelmed by shirt sizes. Places like H&M, Van Heusen, or even Banana Republic have 36/37 sleeves without assuming the customer will be like 400 pounds. I feel like I would have to get the most simple items tailored. Bummer. At least the tie selection is very stylish, and has surprisingly low prices.   If I want something casual, IDK about this store. I didn't find much as far as jeans. What a bummer. Still though, it's worth a shot if you're looking for cheap workout clothes, or maybe a nice shirt/tie for you men out there of average height.
