4 Okay here is the deal , I  have been here several times this summer. I just kind of kept coming back because they do a nice job with little to worry about. I am not a nail - mani - pedi fanatic, I don't  have stickers , french tips , jewels, and other special items on my nails, it's kind of like , they look great on you but not my thing..  But here is why  I keep coming back for feet maintaining:  1. They seem to always be open and have a seat available with no waiting 2. Very unintimidating , little pressure to buy the extras 3.Easy to get to , near shopping like Target, Ross and Michaels 4. The price is always reasonable  20ish depending if I get sea salt 5. Clean without reeking of bleach  6. Chairs are comfortable with gossip reading nearby 7. No Hassles
4 11:00am I went to Cafe Paris Salon in the same shopping center and they were WAY too booked to have me. They said I would have to come in at two separate times (an hour wait in between) for a mani and pedi. So I bounced.  I guess I should have expected that on a Friday afternoon..  11:15am Stepped into Vien and was greeted right away. They were really friendly girls work here, we chatted as they gave me a french mani and pedi. Their massage chairs with hot water, hot stones, hot towel treatment was a great way to pamper myself...a lot of people started coming in at around noon and that's when they got really busy.  There were 4 people working, but 6 customers, so there was usually 2 people just sitting around wondering what they should be doing next. I wish they had a person designated for a receptionist, but atleast my nails came out pretty impressive and I was really relaxed. They don't rape your ear to talk like many other places, I'm glad they could pick up when I wanted to talk, and when I just wanted to stay quiet.   My pampered afternoon cost $40 plus tip. I'm amazed why there was days that were booked all the way through the week over at Cafe Paris, yet Vien barely had anyone in here, yet their service was GREAT. Looks like I found a treasure in this shopping spot.
3 If you are getting acrylic nails done be warned my  17 year old got her's done there and two have lifted  off  within a week and a half...
5 I discovered Vien through friends.  I have gotten pedicures from several of the staff, and they are always nice, polite, and professional.  The pedicures include massage and hot stones and cost only $20.  I usually call ahead for the same day and so far have not had a problem getting an appointment.  A great find!
2 I like this place.  It's close to my house and a great location for when I'm doing other errands.     A big plus is their color selection.  They seem to always have the new OPI colors right out in front.  **LIKE**  The staff can be pretty iffy at times.  I have a big pet peeve when people answer their phones while working on me.  It's rude.   Also, I know know it's cold/flu season so everyone is coughing.  They should be wearing the masks or not coming in to work at all.  STOP HACKING ON MY HANDS!!!
4 I've been going to Vien for quite some time and it's the best place for a pedicure in northern Phoenix.  The staff is quiet, respectful, and clean. They have a TON of colors to choose from and will do designs and details for a minimal cost. They are professional, and their massage chairs work wonders to relax me.  They do a great job on the pedicures by massaging your feet and legs. I always come out of there feeling rejuvenated and relaxed - plus my pedicure lasts up to three weeks!  It's not the "fanciest" place to go to, but you get more than you pay for (and it's worth it!).
4 The west Valley's architectural geography is comprised of little strip malls with an anchor store (usually a grocery store), a nail salon, and pay day loan center. Nail salons are a dime a dozen, and they all offer pretty much the same services. Even though Vien nails appears to fit the standard mold they are so much better.   A typical French pedicure lasts about two weeks. And really only one before you have to pull out the ol' Sally Hansen touch up kit. However, I can go three weeks or longer with a pedicure from Vien. It takes them about an hour to complete the process because they massage your legs with lotion and do the hot stones. All of this is standard procedure as well.   The staff is so nice, and they even remember you after a while too. They are all very skilled at their jobs. I also love that they provide damn near every magazine known to mankind, and they have a flat screen for movies.   This is the place to get your nails did (excuse my Missy Elliott throwback).
4 I went on a whim and was able to be seated right away! I was lucky enough to get Trish who was wonderful. She gave me a very good Pedi and I got some designs on all my toes as well as a relaxing gel Mani and it was only like $45 plus tip! Crazy low prices for getting a french on your piggies and a Shellac manicure. Will for sure be going again and  hopefully will get Trish- next time will try their eyebrow waxing as well.  Update: Went on 8/14/2011 (went to another place in between)  I was proactive and called and asked for an appointment with Trish again because she was so great and I liked her personality. So when I get there I sign in and don't see her but someone else seats me and this is okay too. Then the other girl proceeds to start servicing me; so I rightfully assume that Trish wasn't there today but wished they would have just told me that when I called and spoke to TWO people! She was good as well and nice and even finally acknowledged that Trish was not there and she doesn't work every weekend. Which is again fine but just tell me that. Her name was Kristi and she was good as well and everything was still reasonably priced. I paid $51 for a Gel Manicure with French and Spa Pedicure with Crackle Polish.  I would go again for sure.    *Note about parking usually hard to find since next to Coldstone and in a very busy parking area/ lot but it is worth it.
2 Not coming back. The last few times I have been they have been lousy with scheduling. The final straw was When they asked me to come back in an hour and when I did they had me wait 15 minutes to get to a chair. After they seated me and my feet were already soaking they then said it would be another 20 minutes. Which ended up being closer to 30. It was a huge waste of time. They do a decent job but it's nothing to wait in line for.
5 Great place ladies were helpful and the massage was fabulous so happy to have a  well priced salon with great service so I can become a regular.
4 I just walked in and they were ready to help me. Great friendly staff!! The price is right at $40 for a mani-pedi and the massage was excellent! I will definitely be back.
4 I love this salon! I didn't love the mani 100% but it was my first one but the pedi was great! Great price too. I will definitely be going back!
4 Prices are very reasonable, the staff are very nice, and kids can get their toes polished with a design for only $5!   They also play really good movies! Haha ... You never know what will be on when you pop in :)
5 Local fave. Good service at a fair price. They are efficient but take their time and make sure you are happy without cutting corners.  Probably one of the best in the area.  worth the wait as they always have a big wait on the weekends if you don't  have an appointment
5 Vien is amazing, the technicians go above and beyond!! My nail tech was a guy I didn't get his name but he was a real perfectionist. He took his time on my nails and did a great job, I couldn't of asked for a better tech. When I walked in I was greeted right away, there was a bit of a wait time about 20 minutes. I can't complain because when,it was my turn my tech listened and did exactly what I asked for and when I didn't like the design he would do it over to make sure I got what I wanted. This place is great and you absolutely cannot beat the prices!!! I got 2 acryllic colors and a gel base with a simple design and it was on $50 including a $10 tip. Incredible, next time I go I'm definitely trying out their pedicures. Wonderful neighborhood place with really great people.
3 This place was okay, I paid 28$ for a fill with gel polish. I had a woman with short hair do my nails. I was early for my appt and ended up waiting 10 mins passed. She was polite and took her time. Although there were periods were she would help another customer. She did break my nail and never acknowledged it. However she filled the break with acrylic and you actually can't tell. It was decent but the final job has those pores (air bubbles) in it. And my nails aren't as smooth or thin as I like. However I've had worse so it's not a big deal. I did notice the woman next to me that the man who did her nails was great at it!
