3 The Desert's Edge RV Village is located just north of Phoenix in an industrial area. A good location while visiting Phoenix. The staff is extremely friendly an nice. There are lots of amenities-heated pool and hot tub, dog park ( walking area), community room with a pool table and games, and a nice laundry room with newer washers and dryers.  The space provided  is big enough of a for a class C and comes with a picnic table, a small concrete  "porch" and a extra parking space.  The only negative is you are packed in like sardines. There is not any privacy between you and your neighbor.
2 Hubby and I stayed here one night~ that's all I could stand! They forgot to mention the Noise  included in the  whopping price of $47.00 per night in the description of this park. We had just come from camping in the desert of peace and quiet to this? A Freeway just about next to it and and an Airport!?!  I love hearing planes touch and go for hours. Gee, also the guy revving up his engine and dragging up and down the empty business park streets at 2am was sensational! You are packed in like sardines with no cable? Doesn't get any better than this!  :-(   They did have a nice dog wash area which we used, laundry facility and pool. The grounds were clean. Older and kept up. People were friendly. We booked this online so buyer beware!  Planes and Freeway noise does not constitute R&R. We will not be going back.
4 The Park is well maintained and the office is friendly. I was impressed with how friendly the longer term (monthly) residents and the daily residents were toward each other.  Spaces are a little larger then some in the PHX area. Park located on the flight path of a small airport and therefore noisy at times. (No jet noise). Like Dockweiler RV park in El Segundo (end of LAX), you will likely ask "what airplanes after first hour.  We plan to return
5 We absolutely enjoyed our stay here! There are so many amenities to take advantage of here! There was a living room, work out room, laundry room, pool & jacuzzi!! What more can u ask for?  Dogs? U ask? There's a dog run and an area to bath ur dog. Very family friendly! An absolute yes when we come back to AZ from CA! Cheers!!!
