5 After a major water heater meltdown, they gave me a brand new unit that was way more efficient -- I was down at first for having to dish out money for a new unit, but pleased when I saw how much money I was going to save every month on reduced power costs.
5 I had four different companies out to troubleshoot an AC unit that was not cooling.  Only Donley was able to fix the problem. Since then, I have used them a few times for other issues and the techs are always super nice, communicate effectively and they seem competitively priced.  I am a very loyal customer.  Their manager, Fred, is the best in town - I am convinced.
4 I have used them for plumbing and A/C. Telephone reps are very friendly and helpful. Techs are also very friendly and helpful. I think there service is excellent.   The only reason I have to give them four stars is that they made mistakes installing my A/C unit. They were very courteous and respectful of my home but they made mistakes that didn't become clear until several months after the install.  Luckily, they have come back to resolve those mistakes twice over the past 9 months. Both times, there was no charge and it was a considerable amount of work.  I did sign up for the "comfort program" where they come twice a year to service and check your unit. When they do come, they spend a couple hours checking everything. I don't think the program is any particular deal but they don't cheat you on the service.  I plan on using Donley again in the future. I'm sure they aren't the cheapest but I feel I can trust them. If they do make a mistake, they make it right.
5 I called them for chemically cleaning my air conditioner coils, they were prompt, courteous, and reasonably priced.  I would highly recommend them.  Now I think I will replace my current maintenance company and hire them.
3 Same day emergency service --- ac unit froze up with dirty filters. $240 for the service 80 minutes work and they will come back next week for another service visit ---90. Tried to sell me the$185 plan. Ac working again at least.
5 Scott at Donley referred me to *exactly* the right company (DRACO Air) for completing a new, R-22, SEER 13, split-system installation in my home with the equipment I purchased (condenser unit and air handler) just before the ban on manufacturing new HCFC air conditioners and heat-pumps went into effect (R-22 units seem to function better in the extreme Arizona heat). The accounting lady who answered my (first) call earlier in the day was very friendly and helpful.
5 Could not be happier - friend recommended they came out the same day (its 108 degree day) found the problem fixed the problem cleaned out the units and showed me where previous company had failed.... HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
4 I had a Donley Service technician come out last week to look at my A/C unit as we were having air circulation problems in the house.  Unfortunately I had diagnosed the issue correctly, so it was left unresolved.  The true problem showed its head this week.  Donley Service Center sent a technician out at no charge and this time around we found the problem.  Matt T. was outstanding, quickly found the problem, showed me what was happening, and fixed it!  Things are working well.  Great service from this company.
1 Waited five hours for a tech to come.  Called twice and told they were running behind and then second call was the tech had a flat tire.  The problem was not resolved after $200+ and was told to call next time my house got hot.  It's warm now and i will be calling another AC company.  VERY DISAPPOINTED at the technician's "I don't care attitude"  End of the day and he was tired and could have cared less. DONT USE DONLEY!!
