5 Prices just went down on color
2 I went to get my haircut today. For the past several months I have been growing out my mustache and my hair. I now have a great handlebar mustache and my hair has begun to feather back nicely. I told the gentleman I was looking for a haircut to match my mustache, a longer hairstyle. I told him I wanted it a bit shorter on the sides and longer up top. He spun me around to show me a couple of pictures of men with buzz cuts. I said NO, *MUCH* longer. I mean come on, my hair was feathered back! So he nods like he knows what I'm talking. Before I know it, he's using clippers on my hair! I say loudly (to be heard over the clipper) that he's cutting my hair too short! He smiles, nods and proceeds to buzz cut my hair!  I'm shocked at this point! Who would buzz cut feathered back hair without telling the customer??? I let the gentleman know again that he is cutting my hair too short. Again with the stupid grin and nod. Again with the complete disregard to what I'm saying. And he buzzes away my hair. My wife could hear me from across the salon. She's telling my daughter that I'm not happy, because she can hear my complaints.  He cut off well over four inches of hair from the sides and back! I stopped him at this point and I remind him of what I asked for. Just a bit shorter on the sides, not SHORT! He tries to tell me that he misunderstood. I remind him that I well saying IT'S TOO SHORT. Several times. He ignored me.   In the end, he finished my haircut and offered his apologies. The haircut itself looks presentable with enough product in it. I hate wearing product in my hair. Although the haircut is presentable, it is NOT what I asked for. I remind the gentleman that I will now have to wear his apology for months, until my hair grows back out.   Do NOT get your hair cut here, unless you want someone else to decide how they're going to cut your hair. The stylist (vietnamese gentleman) does not listen!
1 I've been waiting for 15 minutes for the store to open and still nobody has shown up. The hours posted say 9am, and it is now well after 9.
1 First time reviewer... because of my frustration during this visit.  The benefit of places like Super Cuts and Great Clips is that, while they may not have the best stylists, it is usually possible to quickly get in or out.  While visiting relatives, I stopped in to get a haircut and was told there would be 35 (seemed pretty precise) minute wait. There were three people in the lobby waiting on haircuts.  At this point I had an hour before I needed to leave for dinner so I decided to wait.  After waiting for 30 minutes a dad and his two sons arrived.  One stylists took the dad, and I assumed he had a call-in appointment.  I was slightly irritated that they did not tell me there were three call-in appointments, as I doubted this gentleman would get his hair cut in 5 minutes. I didn't want to spend those thirty minutes waiting for nothing; however, I should have considered the sunk cost of my time. The second stylist took a person that was previously in the lobby. When the first stylist was finished with the father he took the second son.  Even though it had been nearly an hour I was thinking, "at least I'm next in line for the stylist that is taking lobby patrons."    At nearly exactly the one hour mark the dad walked over to me and apologized, as he had noticed my long wait.  As I assumed, they had booked appointments over the phone.  I informed him that I was not upset with him at all, but what a nice gesture. The stylists did not inform me of this, the customer did.  The second stylist finished with her lobby patron and move on to... The third son. At this time (an hour and 15 minutes into my wait). My wife gave up waiting for me to pick her up, and started walking to this location from the nearby mall.  I informed my family that I would be very late for dinner.  I finally was called back. No "thank you for waiting, no sorry for your wait, no explanation that they had to serve the call-in customer first," nothing. As I got my hair cut in silence, the stylist pinched my neck in the apron snap.  I couldn't hold back a small yelp of pain.  No apology.  Silent hair cut continues.  Usually a stylist will slap his or her comb against my forehead multiple times during a haircut.  Truly a testament to their speed as they switched from collecting strands to cutting said strands.  This stylist got me right in the eyeball with the comb's teeth. Another small yelp of pain.  No apology. I finally finished my haircut.  A total of 12 words... Jason, how you like it?, this short?, strong hair, coupon?, and twenty dollars" were spoken from the time I sat down to the time I left.  I was offered 3, $2 off coupons. Not only would I not return once, I would not return three times for sure.   Because I am not one to complain with no solutions in mind, here is how this location could have salvaged this situation, and should treat future (not me) customers. Know the schedule for those customers that have called in an appointment so that you do not tell someone 35 minutes, then leave them waiting for ~1 hour and 20 minutes before they see a stylist.  If this egregious breakdown occurs, promptly inform the customer of your error and provide him or her of his new wait time, so he can make an informed decision whether he wants to continue to wait or cut his losses.  If the customer decides to wait, acknowledge the customer's wait and APOLOGIZE for wait.    On final suggestion, please take the "walk-ins welcome" sign off your window.
