5 Awesome people, great prices, excellent automotive know how.  If you need just preventative Maintance to engine replacement this store can do it all.
1 Are you kidding me?!?!?!? $610 after takes for 4 tires priced at $105/each! $180 in installation and taxes???? And to top it off the whole buy 3 get the 4th free is a lie, its free after a 6-8 week rebate!!!! and not in cash but by VISA card only!  Go to Fletchers, 4 tires (BFG's) for $450 OTD, with 4 free oil changes....could it have been any better?
5 Pep Boys for the most part is like many of the other chain part stores, what makes this one different is the Parts Manager, Ray.  I have a Checker/Oriley's outside my front door.  I drive a mile down the road to Pep Boys because Ray never tells me that he can't find a part.  I have a 1965 Ford I like to call "FrakenTruck" because it is the conglomeration of at least 5 different vehicles spanning 30 + years of Detroit steel.  Any place else I go the guy at the counter refuses to help unless I specify Year and Model.  Most of the stuff on my truck is a shot in the dark as far as guessing the origins, sometimes I'm not even convinced every part on it is from a Ford.  If I am having issues with part replacement or compatibility Ray always comes trough for me.  If he doesn't know the answer he finds someone that does.  If you have problems with other parts stores try the 35th & Cactus Pep Boys.
1 My sister took her van in yesterday because it was running a little rough. Got a service estimate of $1,300!   Took it to a mom and pop shop who diagnosed a loose ignition connector and repaired it for $100. Runs like a top!  Sorry Pep Boys, buy you shouldn't try to rip off women like that. What are you, Sears Automotive in 1980???
4 My Galant's brakes were squealing and being as we bought our baby brand new in 2007 and we now are in 2012 I knew it was going to be time for new brakes !  All the other places that I called said well we can't do it today but you can bring it in tomorrow.   Uh, no !  I am the type of person that when my mind is set on something I want it to get it done NOW when I am thinking about it not the next day because I will forget and then it won't get done.  Well since Pep Boys is only two miles from my house and it was approximately 3PM plus the fact they don't close until about 8 or 9 in the evening I knew my chances were good that I could the job done today.  Off I went to the store.  Explained my situation.  Brakes were checked.  Estimate was given.  Price for job completion was in my budget.  Two to three hours later my baby had new brakes and the rotors were resurfaced !
2 So after the Kookie got her new ride We decided to look at some parts Were ready to buy, asked "Shawn" if they had a "Locking Gas Door for a Yukon"  he checked the computer an said "NOPE" so we said ok, looked around an on the North wall, what do our eyes find....The Correct Locking Gas Door.  He needs to go back to fast food or the trailer he left unoccupied.
4 I stopped in at pep boys yesterday because my suv needed a new battery and a oil change . Lucky for me it was not super busy.  They got my blazer in and out in less then a hour and let me know that my my center link and sway bar bushings needed to be replaced. Every person i saw was extremly friendly and asked if i needed any help finding anything. The store was very clean and same was the shop. I will continue to do business with them in the near future .
2 PepBoys, Good Bad and Ugly. I'm giving them two stars due to a multitude of first hand experiences with them. Firstly I've not had to wait in line nor have they over priced or did bad work but, some of the mechanics spoil the bunch. I've seen them play baseball with lug nuts from customers cars in the shop with customers cars in the shop. I've seen them drop a truck from one jack onto a car below it. I'm not saying they are all bad there but, I won't take my car there due to the many many times I've seen the guys in the shop area horse around and potentially damage customers cars needlessly .
