1 The is a great junk yard, to get cheap USED parts for your Japanese imported vehicle. However, I DO NOT recommend their mechanics who service your vehicle. I used to be a very regular customer there, although not any more. I always felt like I was getting shafted in the end, and how ironic that I would have to go back to this mechanic every 2 or 3 months because something would "mysteriously" break down, like clock work. Then I got really suspicious when I agreed to have my oil and oil filter changed at this location. Not only did they replace my motor oil with the blackest (meaning worst) oil available, but they put almost a quart TOO MUCH, in the engine! I've had my brake pump, oil pump, brakes, and starter replaced there over a period of about 2 years. Along with a whole list of other repairs, too long to mention. They accept Visa or Mastercard, but only if it is associated with a DEBIT account. Good luck charging your parts or repairs on a credit card. Their card machine will mysteriously not work for CREDIT, but will work for DEBIT? Gimme a break. You're better off finding another mechanic, who will fix your vehicle. But it is a great place to find cheap used parts, because that's what it is: a junk yard. The owners are Turkish, and are very shady, they tend to speak Turkish to each other, when they are trying to scam you. Pay attention to what they speak, and what you don't understand.  Pros: They will attempt to fix your vehicle  Cons: They will over charge you, and something else will "mysteriously" break in less than 2 months!
5 I stumbled upon this business when I was looking for a replacement part and found out the owner actually is a mechanic as well.  He charges a fraction of what the big garages with equally big overheads charge, and he gets the work done right.  I have sent a number of friends to his shop to get their vehicles worked on and they have been very happy with the results as well.  I don't get to say this often, but I would trust the owner with my life.  I suspect that the previous reviewer may have had his car worked on by former employees that are no longer there, as the owner does the majority of the work himself now.
5 Great Service, My 03 Camry was fixed my engine replaced .Very happy. will recommend to friends,Very helpful and honest.Arizona Imports,ltd did not overcharge  George  R
5 Good people!Went back for my wife's a/c compressor replacement.Purchased used compressor for LexusLS400and had it installed and serviced.They are a/c certified also.Good parts and good service
