5 After checking up on 2 Westside Chinese buffets that are under construction & both to open in the Fall, I stopped in here for a bite to eat.  This big place is very nice inside, & my booth was peaceful & completely comfortable.  Excellent service began right away, & I ordered their "Never Ending Pasta Bowl", which gives you a choice of 7 different pastas to be topped with your choice of 6 different sauces!  To keep things simple & for comparison with other places I've reviewed here in the Valley, I ordered regular spaghetti with their house meat sauce, which has beef & Italian sausage in it.  Soon, a BIG serving bowl of their pre-tossed Italian salad arrived, plenty for 2 or 3 people, & a basket of 3 nice, warm breadsticks lightly coated with garlic butter.  At the right time, my spaghetti arrived.  It tasted TERRIFIC, & was also a big, generous serving.  On top of that, they invite you to have MORE, including any combination of the pastas & sauces for your seconds.  I'm a big eater, & although I did finish the spaghetti, I couldn't eat all of the delicious salad & bread sticks or go for seconds on the pasta.  One go-round of this was already beyond "all-you-can-eat"!  I have read people carping that Olive Garden is part of a national chain.  (So what?)  All I know is that every single thing about this dining experience was absolutely 5-Stars...  The overall atmosphere, the seating comfort, the service, the food, & even the price.  This wonderful feast was only $8.95!  This Olive Garden just blows away Old Spaghetti Factory, My Mother's Restaurant, Babbo, & even tops the excellent VinciTorio's.  YUM!  YUM!  YUM!
4 This is my favorite Olive Garden & I'm still a fan, but with the "Never Ending Pasta Bowl" Special having ended for a while, the value is reduced a little bit.
5 Woohoo, Olive Garden's "Never Ending Pasta" promotion is back!  Scott W. joined me today to come over here & dive into the feast!  And you?  Please toss out any prejudices you have about this CHAIN...  yes CHAIN restaurant & get over here for a great lunch during this very special once a year event!  What you pay is $8.95, & what you get is your choice of 42 combinations of pasta & sauce (in each serving that you have room for), plus 3 soups or salad, plus garlic bread sticks.  It's all you can eat of everything, & the only limitation is that you have to decide between soups or salad up front.  The soup is just terrific here, so I hope you make that choice, & try 2 or all 3 of them when you come for this event!  The pasta?  In my opinion it blows away such competitors as Old Spaghetti Factory, My Mother's, Buca di Beppo & Babbo, for just a few examples.  It's very good, in all its permutations!  This special runs only from Aug. 15 thru Oct. 9 this year, so don't miss it!     :-))
4 Rand H sent me an email the other morning about meeting here for lunch.  It was close and I could make it so I joined him.  Over the years I have liked Olive Garden pretty much.  Right now they have a never ending salad and pasta special going on for $8.95.  I make red sauces at home so I tend to get white sauces when I go out.  This time my choice was Alfredo on spaghetti which came out just as expected.  Instead of getting a second bowl of pasta I chose to make the serving bowl of salad a single serving size and only had one bread stick.  We were greeted immediately upon entering and seated.  It didn't take long for our waitress to show and offer us a sample of wine which I had to turn down because I was going to spend the afternoon running machinery.  The service was good throughout the meal and the staff worked as a team when they needed to.  This was my first time at this location and I would certainly return.
2 Yep another chain and though I have eaten at many OG's over the years, have never been a huge fan.   Had lunch here on a Thursday with Gma, mom, and daughter towards the late side of the lunching hour. For some reason, there was a wait, and the dining room was crowded.   Long story short, 2 of us returned our meals as they were nasty. Breadsticks and salad are still good but unfilled iced tea, weird service, etc. makes this one chain we will never visit again while in the area.
3 I can tell you why The Darden Group that consists of Olive Garden, Red Lobster, The Capital Grille and a few others is missing earnings estimates. The portion sizes have come way down and the price is the same. Plus they got rid of the Garlic Herb Chicken con Broccoli. What is this world coming to? First Famous Dave's and now the Olive Garden have lost their MOJO.  I guess it's been awhile since I've ordered the Chicken Parm, because who orders that when there's Chicken con Broccoli? You get one small piece of chicken with some spaghetti when you used to get a giant slab of chicken. Good thing the Minestrone Soup and Breadsticks are still outstanding.  This is a weak 3 star rating but the Minestrone Soup saved this place from tumbling further.
4 Not bad at all, I ordered a off-menu item, pesto capellini with chicken and my friend had the menu item smoked mozzarella chicken. They were both very good.  Juan is an excellent server: he's professional, quick and personable.
4 Just as good as any other Olive Garden.
5 We always do take-out from here when we're too busy to cook. They've always been very helpful when we arrive for the pick-up, almost always at the time they say, and the food has always been great! They never forget anything and they are just all around helpful and friendly!
4 My husband and I had a gift certificate for $25, so we had the 2 for $25.  The place was packed out, but we ate at the bar, it was open, and it was great.  The gal there was very friendly, I had a lovely Moscato sangria.  We had totally enjoyed out meal, had the brushetta and calamari, yummy, and then I had Eggplant Parmagino and my husband like a seafood stew.  So much food, we had to take it home.  Well worth a trip for a taste of Italy.
4 I went her last Monday for lunch, and expected to have a great time as always.... I was there in a party of seven, So we were seated and introduced to our waitress and waiter. Throughout our entire meal, we only received service for the waitress. Her attitude was very distasteful for an Olive Garden employee. She seemed bother the whole time, and even took our salad plates while we were still eating from them! When I asked for more salad she seemed repulsed that I even asked, we even had to ask for more salad plates since she had taken the others. She brought us the "never ending breadsticks" once. The food was delicious, but the service was awful. When the bill came my husband put the money together, which I then asked to see it, because I usually decide the tip, which I discover he was leaving a $15 tip. Our bill was 95.76 So I left 103.00 and kept the rest. I usually tip quite well when served well. While walking out the restaurant our waitress came out saying we were short! Lol to my mistake I look at the Total, not the Subtotal haha which was $104.00 so I paid the full amount, and then the waitress continued to state how she didn't even charge a gratuity fee! All I could think was "You don't even deserve one!" haha but in the end she only was tipped $5. Serves her for being rude to me!
4 If you want to bring out all the haters, flamers & trolls, just dare to say something positive about either our popular President, or Olive Garden!     :-O  Now on my last OG visit a couple of weeks ago even some of my Yelp friends were raving about how much better Romano's Macaroni Grill is compared to this place, so we cooked up an UYE for tomorrow 4/4/13 at 11 AM at Romano's on Gold Dust Av. in Scottsdale & YOU'RE INVITED TOO!     :-)  For this outing today I was joined by Arlin B. & Scott W. to get a fresh taste of OG to have ready to compare to Romano's tomorrow.  I thought the food was in top form but the service was a little weak, so I'm dropping them down to about 3 1/2 Stars this time, rounded up to 4.  The only Romano's I have visited was the one over in Valencia, CA several years ago, before I joined Yelp, so it will be virtually brand new for me.  Romano's is more expensive, so it will have to be really good to win.  I'm all for loving it & hope to see YOU there too!     :-))  Meanwhile, my order today was for Olive Garden's "All-You-Can-Eat Soup, Salad & Breadsticks."  $6.99.     :-))
1 SERVICE and KNOWLEDGE not a priority at this restaurant! We have ordered " to go" from them now 3 times over the last 2 months and they can't get it right?! We order the same thing everytime yet each time something is messed up, first they forgot the breadsticks, second their prices changed from just two wks prior, and lastly today...  So today they tell us that the meal we always order now all of a sudden doesn't come with breadsticks??? It's an individual salad and yes at EVERY location it does. Finally this third time I am realizing that are either untrained or incompetent, I will drive further to the location in Goodyear because they are friendly and know what they are doing!
1 Worst service  EVER waited over 10 minutes to get drink or drinks, 45 minutes and our appetizer still had NOT arrived. Asked to speak with he manger he too do not arrive. 1 hour and 5 Minutes our meals finally arrived the noodles on one plate were COLD like taken out of the refrigerator.   I would NEVER go back...
4 Best service I have ever gotten at this Olive Garden. Definitely coming back if service stays at this level.
5 Stopped in today joined by Mike C. & Jackie C. to take advantage of their occasional "Neverending Pasta Bowl" Special which brought out all you want of bread sticks, four kinds of soup, 7 kinds of pasta & 6 different sauces!  Not only that, one of us chose salad instead of soup & we all got some of that too, with "special permission"!  All the food was great, everything about the restaurant, service & value were right too, making the whole Evento Speciale fantastico!     :-))
1 HORRIBLE service! If I could give this Olive Garden half a star I would! Went in tonight , for a date night. We have been to this location once before and the service was just as bad! Took forever to get our food. The 2 couples that came in and were seated after us were served their food way before us! We had ordered way before them. By the time our food came out, they got the order wrong, when they get it right it came out cold! Nothing is ever right here! I will never return to this location! Spent money on crappy food and horrible service! NEVER AGAIN!
4 I've noticed a lot of reviewers haven't been giving good reviews on this place...  Not judging....i guess your mileage may vary.  But as for my experience, this place has been really good to us. Me and my wife come here all the time on special occasions. Every time we come and enjoy the services here the experience is pleasant. I Can say that this place is always crowded, but the most time we had to wait for a table was about 20 minutes...after we got seated the food did take a while to get there but we got a dessert to make up for the wait...and when we got our food...it was nice and hot! and like i said we always enjoy coming here. waiters and waitresses are always friendly to us...   again...Your mileage may vary
2 I took my order to go and was extremely dissatified with the quality. I ordered the chicken alfredo for my anniversary and when I got home to check it, the noodles were very dry and had a very minute amount of alfredo sauce. Also, the noodles were halfway over cooked. Next time I would definately check my food before leaving and ask for extra sauce. Brooklyn Boys' alfredo blows this place out of the water!
4 I am in the middle on this place. The thing is, everytime I visit this location, its either great or it's just horrible.  There isn't anything consistent!  During my last visit, we enjoyed some entrees from their "lighter fare menu" which actually turned out to be pretty good.  Everything arrived hot and cooked perfectly and the salad was fresh.  Our waitress was excellent and even gave us a ton of to-go breadsticks and drinks.  She and two other staff were very attentive without seeming overbearing.  Now to the dinner before this.  We were seated in the bar section in a small, rounded corner booth under a high wattage spotlight.  A vent was directed right onto our table and would blow hot and cold at various times, with cold being the predominant temperature.  All we heard all night was the clinking of glasses and motor grinding of the drink blenders.  This echoed throughout the room combined with the voices of 3 wait staff and the bartender, who would not stop reliving their drunken weekend with each other.  This made for an overall unpleasant experience with our young, awkward waitress who, by the way, didn't even know what kind of wine she was offering to customers to taste.  Now, another previous visit, I will note that we have never had an issue while enjoying our NeverEnding Pasta bowls.  They need to bring this back!  I could go on, but the point is, you never know what you're going to get at this place.  Its in a central location for my friends, so its nice to go, but I'm starting to realize my money would be better spent at Carraba's.
4 Reviews about the food in major chains are pointless, it's all about service. drinks were filled promptly without being asked, and our server was very friendly. If you like Olive Garden this location is recommended.
3 Of course we came on a Friday night,  the wait was supposed to be 40 minutes which was expected,  we were sat in less than 20 minutes which was good.  We were sat at our table and then NOTHING! We had servers walk by us,  look at us and still NOTHING! Finally someone that was not a waiter stopped by and asked if we had been helped,  after 15 of NOTHING! People that were say after us had their drinks,  soups and salads before we were even greeted.  The manager came and apologized and we were assigned Patricia, who was awesome.  Him apologizing and Patricia are the reason the are getting 3 stars instead of one.  She was awesome!
1 OMG! Horrible! Ordered Shrimp Scampi and it looked like they used Top Ramen noddles. The pasta was very over cooked and the plate came out like a stir fry. This is my second trip to this place and both wee bad experiences. Forget the service it was what was expected for an Olive Garden but the food is just bad. Move on to somewhere else.  This place is consistently bad.
4 I love Olive Garden.! I took my boyfriend here for his first time the other week. He enjoyed it very much! This restaurant is pretty busy, probably because of location. We lucked out, a huge party left as we say down. Our waitress was amazing.! She definitely more than made up for the crowdedness. Food was quick and delicious.
5 Always very friendly and clean & very professional. They always know what the right wines to recommend for me. Love this place, my favorite restraint ever!!!
1 First impression when I walk into the place is the smell of dirty carpets. Gross! We get seated right away. Usually it takes forever since everyone in the area seems to like Olive Garden?!  So it took 10 minutes to get our drinks, then almost another 50 minutes to get our entrées. The food in my opinion is so commercial. I really don't get why people come here so often. I guess everyone is so used to their McDonalds and microwave dinners.   I ordered the cheese ravioli with tomato sauce. I literally could taste the package it came out of! There is nothing fresh about Olive Garden, not even the salad, which is soaked in house dressing and stale croutons. Other than the food which was lacking, so was the service. Our waitress took forever to refill drinks and notice the obvious things which we needed.  The only reason why I came here, was because it was my niece's bday dinner and she wanted to try it. I really don't miss this place nor will I ever crave anything here.
