5 Came here to get the seam fixed on my Volvo. The driver seat seam in the middle had come undone and for a steal at 75 (other places I called started at 125) my seat was fixed back to it's original condition in 1.5 hrs. They where super nice while I waited def recommend them and will send all my friends and family here.
1 I drove out to Craigs on a mission to get my motorcycle seat custom done in football leather. I had read Craigs website where they brag about doing "custom" work. From the first impression to the moment I walked out this is NOT a place I would brag about. The parrot (crap) all over the lobby to the rude and dismissive owner made sure I would NEVER return or give any work at all to these guys. The first thing out of Craigs mouth was "It can't be done". Funny that the next place I went to, saw my vision with the seat and completed the work in a matter of 2 days FABULOUSLY and didn't blink at taking football leather to the seat. I would (and do) tell anyone looking for custom upholstery NOT to make the drive to Craigs.
3 this guy is freakin rude. i brought my saddlebags for my harley to get carpeted he promised a particular day. and  it wasnt ready. don't make promises.....dont be rude when customers call to ask for items that were promised.....the workmanship was fantastic.   you deserve more..take this as an opportunity for improvement.. good luck craig!
5 Craig's Custom Upholstery re-upholstered my truck bench seat. They matched the original pattern however upgraded the fabric to leather. They also recovered the sun visors for me. Great workmanship, decent price, and they finished before I expected them to. I will go back!
4 I brought in an old and beat up seat to be completely redone, new vinyl and paint/brought back to life. I had pretty specific requests and wanted a very specific color combination. Being new to this stuff I wasn't sure how difficult it would be to match up. I found the lady behind the counter helpful and she seemed to care what the thing came out looking like. I liked that, ALOT. Well, it took quite awhile longer than I'd have liked (I deducted a star) but I was astonished with the results. WOW. Just wow. My project is well on its way. I'll go back to get the other things done and make this classic car PEFECT. Thanks CCU.
