5 My sister and I went to this Home Depot to buy blinds for my new house.  The salespeople were all awesome - not too clingy but always around when you needed them to be.  They were able to cut my blinds same-day even though there were a LOT of cuts to be made.  Now I happily have 8 new blinds to install!
1 Called and was told they had clear con-tact paper. First of all, if you work in "kitchen" you should know the brand con-tact. Showed up and it took 3 employees to take me to the con-tact section and I was then told they did NOT have clear. They all walked away talking about how they were going to get drunk tonight ... They DID have it ... I found it on my own ...
1 I purchased a $300-overkill-for-the-size-of-my-lawn-but-I-want-the-best lawn mower from this location.  The first, and only, time it worked was the day I brought it home.  My second use I had to buy a spark plug/fuse for it and LOW AND BEHOLD, for the third use I had to do the same.  Rather than keep a faulty hunk of junk (Toro, by the way) I took it in tonight to return it.  I was promptly ridiculed to my face (they didn't realize I was the customer for the lawn mower, standing right there) and I got to hear the guy from tool rentals GRIPE GRIPE GRIPE about how busy he was.  Well, sir, I came home and tried to mow my lawn in between my TWO JOBS AND VOLUNTEERING but I realize that you, Home Depot Tool Rental Man, are quite stressed out.  Anyway, they agreed to return my funds onto my Home Depot card (that has a zero balance) and then told me that it because it was over 30 days (I do not see this on my receipt anywhere, thank you!) that I had to have store credit.  So, you sell me a POS lawn more with a BS return policy and then want to give me store credit so I can buy more garbage from your store?  I think not.  Thank God Lowe's always builds right across the street from you guys - I'll wave my middle finger from their parking lot.
2 Not
1 Home Depot is usually pretty good.   Not this one.  The customer service is usually awful and the cashier lines are rarely ever open.  Unfortunately I have to go to this one for work and I leave frustrated every time.
3 Nobody asked us for help including the greeter. 3 employees walked right passed us without offering to help us, expected more for a Home Depot. Giving 3 stars only because the store had alot of stock on the product I was looking for.
5 The happiest place on Earth, obviously! lol
