5 For over 10 year all the family Plaermos pizza places have been my favorite! I'm from New Jersey just outside NYC and grew up on thin New York Style pizza. I can say that of all the places I've tried this is the most authentic and delicious. The Sicillian style is also exactly as it's supposed to be.  Appetizers, salads, buffalo wings and beers have also always been good. Alway friendly services
5 Super good thin crust!  Sausage shaved on top... so delicious plus they have great hot wings!
2 Ordered the pizza/wing special. Pizza was OK but the sauce lacked flavor and the crust was not as crispy as I like it.   The wings looked great, but the buffalo sauce was watered down and not very spicy.     Service was below average but not terrible.
1 So my fiancé and I heard a lot of good things about this place, so we decided to give it a try. We placed an order for pick up, and when we got there, the guy behind the counter had his head phones in and was pretty rude, like he didn't want to be bothered.   So we got our food, we both ordered the chicken parmesan sandwich. The sandwiches were not good at all. The chicken was sliced, grilled, and tasted like it was microwaved. The best part of the sandwich was the cheese.   All in all, we were really disappointed and will not return. Big let down!
4 Pizza and wings are far more better than the Gus's across the street. Customer service and specials are very good.
3 When I arrived I was greeted immediately. I called in my order and the associate that took my order was polite. My order was ready when promised. This was my first time here, the food was excellent and hot. I ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza and a dozen hot wings. The restaurant was not the cleanest, that was my only issue. Overall great food.
2 Pizza is ok, sauce is kinda bland,  but these wings are not good.  Wings have the taste of old or burnt oil
5 This place is like family. The gentlemen here make sure you are taken care of. Foods great. Today was the 1st time trying there subs. Omg I'm hooked. Great place to watch sports.
